Talk in entertainment radio.
610 W I O D Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Talk in entertainment radio.
610 W I O D. A Paxing Company presents Video Roger Show.
Talk in Eel Call 751 W I O D and D.
524 W I O D and Broward.
Outside D and Broward Call 1-800-944 W I O D.
AT&T Wireless and Bell South mobility collars can use pound I O D.
Now the Neal Roger Show on Talk in entertainment radio.
610 W I O D.
Neon God.
Oi!
O O O D.
Check out.
O O O D.
People are watching women are staring at their green roof and deal.
But I'm not sharing some say his brainless.
Now I'm not talking.
Not much to look at.
But I ain't looking for smells just a little too much.
To that's all a little too close.
His novel is just a little too long.
But while they're grown in, I will be lonely darling.
His got a really big trowel's a trowel.
Oi!
The girls with cream if they let it out.
His got a really big trowel's a trowel.
I'm fishing for love.
His got a really big trowel's a trowel.
That boy can make me a just whist and shout.
His got a really big trowel's a trowel's a trowel's a trowel.
His got a really big trowel's a trowel's a trowel's a trowel's a trowel's a trowel's a trowel's a trowel's a trowel's a trowel's a trowel's a trowel's a trowel's a trowel's a trowel's a trowel.
I'll tell ya boy, really they're coming down on us like crazy.
he wouldn't believe that's why all the good stuff is coming back now. 1002 at W1D. Happy Wednesday
to you. And here we are for a return in the corner. Two more trips, two more trips, two more trips,
down a highway from Hellman and that's it. And this morning especially, and maybe it's going to be
this way tomorrow and Friday, extraordinarily out of the ordinary annoying trip like through hell
and date county. And that's great because this is a screw it. That's it. Two more and we're all done
with that crap. And we move into polatial new surroundings and then things are going to really
change. Okay. These next three days to be honest with it, just the more bull crap is what it is.
So anyway, I don't want to start with Ron and Ron because hey, they're going to have a number,
the likes of which you haven't seen. They're going to have the biggest morning numbers on this station
since before, Mike Greenery was an infant before he was an embryo. But how come it is that everybody
who interviews Drew Rosenhaus has to kiss his ass? Can you answer me that question? Here is,
I mean, even sports illustrated with their usual man-be-a-pan-be-pro-approach-to-life. Even they agree
that here's one of the most objectionable people on the face of the earth. He kind of represents
everything anxious about the University of Miami about its football program, about its whole
attitude toward life. He represents everything that's obnoxious about greed. You name it. Whatever it is.
And everybody who gets him on a year just kisses his ass and just loves it like all over his
record. Oh man, this guy must be sore. Both cheeks. So maybe you can explain that to me what that's
all about. The good news though, like I told you, no contest, man, a landslide 60 to 40, Alex
Penelus God. What did I tell you? What did I tell you? As the Miami-Herald and Mickey Erison both
take it up their collective rectum today. Oh, brother, is that a beautiful thing?
So I hate those of you who, you know, wanted to vote Republican, that's the way it goes. This is
the ironic part of the whole deal. And I really don't care. I just mentioned this in passing because
it goes to show you how phony people are. Republicans are, you know, the Republican was
our deal. Even though it's a non, you know, supposedly it's a nonpartisan deal.
Or teal is the Republican former Democrat term Republican. And yet he gets the overwhelming
majority of the black vote who never vote Republican. On the other side, the overwhelming
majority of the Cuban vote goes to Penelus who's a Democrat. And of course, Cubans virtually none
of them ever vote Democratic, maybe ten of them, you know. So it goes to show you that thank God
in this town, we don't vote ethnic feelings and sentiments. But who cares? Because it came out right.
It came out as a beautiful thing. And then while I re, I'm, I hesitate to bring it up again
today, but I realized that I must be in a very tiny minority. And I'm real happy about that.
I'm happy not to go along with the crowd one more time on this Roberto Alamart thing.
Because guess what? Most people don't even know what they're talking about. Most people are
full of it, including Gordon Eads in the Sun Sentinel who writes one of the most ignorant columns
this morning. I've ever had the privilege of seeing in my life. Great expectations. It's a shame.
Oh my God. And how, you know, I mean, baseball's got enough problems. Like I said yesterday,
most of you don't care about it anyway. But there's a vacuum of integrity in both
in the stadium clubhouses and offer an office in her sanctums and blah, blah, blah, and no,
no real commissioner and players against umpires and I'm fires fighting with owners and in the midst
of all this mud wrestling, we're supposed to care who wins the world series. Well, guess what,
Gordon? The people are watching do care. They do care. That may come as a great shock to you,
but they care what a concept. The people who are watching like those of us who watch some of
the stuff yesterday. And by the way, wasn't it fascinating to watch the Orioles beat the snout out
of Cleveland 10 to four? Oh, I loved it. I absolutely loved it. And I loved the line in Gordon
Eads column where he says after the game in which Alamart was given a standing ovation by a
hometown crowd that apparently checked its sense of shame into turn styles. How do you like that?
The crowd, all of these people were wrong. They checked their sense of shame at the turn styles.
And like I've said before, I said yesterday, I'll say it again today after talking with a couple
of people who really follow baseball. The last several years, including it's got to be at least
seven or eight because that's when Dave Polone's book came out. Umpires have gotten out of this power
trip, man, and they're taunting players and they're baiting them and they're daring them to come
out and get into way a big contract, Tom's like that. And whatever it was that he said is whatever it was
is what got Alamart come like a madman rushing out of that dugout and start the whole argument all
over again, which precipitated the spitting incident. And there you go. Not that it makes it right,
but there's more than just one side and all of this and any of the and the other comments that
were taken out of context to be quite honest with you, I think that Alamart may have a good point here.
When anybody is under that much personal stress and duress as Hirschbeck has been with the one dead
kid and the other one that sick with the same disease, uh, it's very possible that it's affecting his
state of mind and affecting his performance and maybe he should take a leave absence. Maybe he
doesn't belong there, but oh no, right off the bat, everybody, you know, the predictable American
public baby rushed a judgment. Don't confuse us with the facts. He's spitting the guy's face
therefore how to hell is he belonging there? Right. So nobody can kick the umpire out. Nobody can
take action against the umpire and he can do whatever the hell he wants. And basically they've
taken control even though the pitch was a foot outside and even though he called him a little bleep
sucker, whatever it was and precipitated the thing anyway. Nobody cares about that.
Here's Fort Lauderdale on the purple line. Hello. Yeah, Neil, happy Wednesday. Back to you.
Couple of good things. We got pomp and a pork opening up. Yes. We have the panthers starting to play.
Yeah, but I was going to get to that. That sports channel business is looking pretty marginal.
And we have Alex Penelope winning. Yes. Oh, I'm losing my turn to thought. Let's see what else we have going.
Yeah, exactly. That's what I lost it. I lost it. I will. I will. I will look for it if I find it.
I'll speak to you later. Well, see if Mickey Ererson finds it before you do. Thank you. Okay,
pal. Let's hope not. Okay. We have an open line on a purple line pound IOD. We have two in
day. We got two in brown. We got a million like always and I don't care today. Yesterday I
was distraught. Man, I was so I've been out of shape and legitimately. I mean, usually it's
stick. You know, but yesterday I was really pissed off. The first official Paxing Day in this
audience is playing their hide and seek routine like you wouldn't believe it was just, but you
know something who cares? Because I know that when I sit here and I say crap that nobody else is
going to say and when I, yeah, it's, it's just phenomenal to me that there are so many
ass kissers in this world. If there's one thing you don't want to be is an ass kisser. As a matter
of fact, here's a, there's a lesson for Roberto Alamar Jr. I'd rather be a sucker.
Having experience than a ass kisser. How do you like that? There's nothing to me
worse than a weaselies spineless ass kisser. Somebody with no backbone. Here's a mobile at D'Areal. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Listen, I have to disagree with you on with Roberto Alamar. Yeah.
Yeah. Just just because one does not justify the other. Speeding is really one of the lowest
forms of of ill mannerism and of sporting. I guess just to have something spitting is really an
insult as far as no matter what. So in other words, if somebody calls you a little
sucker, that's not an insult and he didn't precipitate it. Yeah, of course, but one, but too
wrong to make a right. I didn't say it was right, but I'm saying that if somebody, if somebody
egged someone else into creating the incident and then tries to make a martyr out of himself,
I'm not buying it. They were both wrong. Yeah, it's just, it's, I mean, spitting is just really
crossing the line when it comes out to it. I mean, Roberto Alamar should have had enough
intelligence to maybe, let me, let me ask you something. Do you think Roberto Alamar is a hothead?
I, you know, I think the majority of these sports people have big heads to begin with.
No, no, no, I'm not talking about your opinion about generalizing. Does Roberto Alamar have a
reputation like Albert Bell or Gary Sheffield or Barry Barnes? Does he have that? I mean, do you
even follow baseball? Not not whatsoever, but I had not even followed baseball. I don't know
anything about Roberto Alamar or Sandy Alamar or Sandy Amaro or any of these people, but that's
off the focus, even though even if I don't follow. It's not off the focus. It's not off the focus.
It's like if somebody who's got a reputation, who's a future Hall of Fame player, who's got a
reputation as a level-headed, reasonable person is goaded and baited into doing something that
grotesque, there must have been pretty ample reason for it. I don't know. It's just, it's not, I mean,
there could be ample reason for somebody going out and killing somebody and somebody else. It's just,
it's just, it's not, it's spitting in somebody's face is a step away from killing somebody. Is that it?
Is that what you said? No, no, of course not. But I mean, listen, if the empire would have struck
him over to maybe taking a swing in him, but it's all intercourse. It's all verbal intercourse.
Yeah, that's, you know, that's the bottom layer. I didn't know they had intercourse.
Well, who knows? Maybe that was the problem. There's a lot of fitting now to have that. Maybe it wasn't,
maybe it wasn't too good. One more thing, Neil, I heard something in the run and run show this morning,
by the way, I seem to like the format. I thought it would not like run and run, but they seem to be
pretty good, quite honestly. I love her. How do you like that? How do you like that? Yeah, we want,
we want everybody out there to love all of us. And if they can't love all of us, at least most of us.
And at least you are. And if not most of us, at least me, right?
At least you. Listen, one more thing. I just talk about the evolution thing. I caught the tail end of it.
I'm not sure if you have any knowledge of what has, what has happened.
Yeah, I think I think a running round will say that most of the audience were Neanderthals is what they said.
Oh, that one it is. Yeah, I think that was it. Have a great day, pal.
Have a good day. Bye. I think they said if you want to monkey around with the little
sucker, you better watch yourself. Isn't that what he said?
So anyway, getting back to Drew Rosenhouse. Now, let's not even waste our time with him. He's just a
piece of crap and I was Brian Blades doing by the way. That just he's got this thing. He must have the
pictures on everybody. Drew Rosenhouse. Because even a DFO and of course we know that DFO would never kiss any
rectum first, not but boy, last time he had him on there. Oh, man, likey, likey, likey, likey, likey,
that this guy must have had to towel down after that interview. And again, the same one this morning,
oh, that's why we respect you so much. And of course, we know that the Eric ret making the 386,000 year
isn't nearly enough. And all these other guys are making this much and the fans over there on the
West Coast are like, oh, and five and going to be all in six and all in 14, oh, and 16. And the
who cares about that? But just to pony up the money and if you want to see the game.
It's a joke. He, I mean, he's one of the worst symptoms of the illness.
In greed and professional sports, which we are expected to subsidize and pay for and yet nobody
cares. And then everybody keeps bringing up the thing like about Tom Cruise. Now, he's getting
30 million for a movie. You know, something the cost of going to a movie, no matter how much he's
getting, the cost of going to a movie is still five or six bucks and it has been for years.
So it doesn't, you're not being gouged for however much he's making, even though it's way out of
proportion for his value and all of that other bull crap. Of course, he knows where all the chicks are.
Tom Cruise. Right. Probably at the sperm bank. Oh, sorry, Tom. Sorry, Tom. Here's a mobile
in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Where does DS Amigo listen out of desperation
this morning? I happen to be listening to the worst team. Yeah. And you are desperate.
Well, and by the way, more good news. It's official because it's in the newspaper that Angelou
Brian are going to TV and Randolph and Carter are gone. Oh, thank God. That's a beautiful thing.
I might even start watching a few Marlon games next season. There you go. Well, anyway, I hear of,
you know, a frustrated talk show host. They can't stop calling shows. There is this morning calling
Joe Rose with a vitriolic attack just just attacking the crap out of Joe Rose. The man just can't
be a lawyer. You know what I mean? Do you know what I'm talking about? Norm Kent. Norman Elliott
Kent. Yeah. The man he called Joe Rose on here. Desperate for radio time. Yeah. That he calls
up and attacks Joe Rose trying to get what he attacked Joe Rose for. Oh, because Joe Rose said
that there was some guys that showed up late to practice 15 years ago when he was playing and Norm
called up and said, I want you to I demand that you give the names of these people. Don't just make
a general, you know, generalization. He was doing like the attorney thing, but it was unbelievable.
And Joe Rose just blew him off and called him an idiot. Yeah. So I just want to let you know
what your attorney's up to. Well, at least Joe Rose is talking to him. I guess nobody else over
there is. So that's that's a start norm. And great news about him. Greg Reed won't talk to him
or anybody else that he supposedly hired. If you if you if you had any idea, which I will be able to
tell you probably next week, if you had any idea of the shenanigans of QAM that have been going on
the last few months and are still going on now, you wouldn't you wouldn't even believe it. Your
head would spin around like Linda Blair. You couldn't even begin to imagine. Will it be for going
there? You're asking me? You nobody knows if they're going there because they're will you listen to
me? Nobody knows if they're going there because nobody's returning any phone calls. People are being
promised all kinds of jobs. And then when they try to find out, well, when do I start and all the
they're even being they're even promising people specific amounts of money they're making deals
with people and then they don't return to calls. So nobody has got any idea what's going to
including that puttsbury Jackson. They keep feeding him and misinformation and they keep
stirring out to be a jackass, which we already knew. It's unbelievable. It's typical Bush League
South Florida radio and business. Have a great day pal. Okay, tell him I said hi and get off the
ear and go do it. Go do his job. Open line in day 751. We got one in Broward 5249463 524WIOD.
Yeah, let's not let's not look at both sides of the story and at Roberto Alamar thing. The crowd
checked its sense of shame at the turn styles. Gordon, that's right. They have no shame. They're just
shameless fans who'll do anything for a win and support their orals all the way to Helen back.
Okay, that's what that's all about. Whatever you say, man, because we know the umpires can do
no wrong and umpires do not they never bait the players, never precipitate any kind of a thing.
Right? Course 1015 at WIOD. Yo.
Oh,
16 WIOD.
How the hell are you? How the hell are you?
How the hell are you?
How the hell are you?
How the hell are you?
How the hell are you?
The other night was there a fight on the port of July.
Cause now his cousin's dead up all it in the head.
What happened?
We don't know.
Something fishy smells but he won't tell.
So well, last Brian.
What did you do?
Brian.
What did you do?
He's not so long.
He was standing on his folks lawn and he was crying.
Brian.
Brian.
Brian.
Brian.
It's hard to understand.
It was an accident with two shots flying.
I don't know why your agent crew claims the cops report so much.
I don't know why your agent crew.
I want you to know some more.
So tell me what's the score.
Brian.
What did you do?
He's not so long.
He's not so long.
He's not so long.
He's not so long.
He's not so long.
He's not so long.
He's not so long.
He's not so long.
Yes.
Now he's gone.
And from this moment on, we're asking Brian.
Brian.
Brian.
Brian.
Brian.
Brian.
Oh.
Brian.
Brian.
Oh.
I did.
You did.
I wish you wanted to do those houses greatest chapters in his ongoing
Sago when he said, hey, we don't have time for this crap. He's got to play football.
Man, he's got to run fast and jump high.
And Seattle's getting the stonk beat out of him and I sure like that.
Anyway, I do want to straighten the record out.
Yesterday, remember when our friends, our good close personal friends, the packs
and people came in here and brought me lunch.
And they're Rhonda Finkwolf and the Pete Bouldier and Jim Bokock,
who's like Buddy Buds, right hand and left hand man.
And after they left, I said, you know, that Jim Bokock, isn't that family like an
Affurniture business?
That's bad cock furniture, which is a big, I guess I had my cock smick stuff.
But that was like, well, you know, between cock's broadcasting and all the other
stuff. So I guess I had him confused. So I apologize profusely because boy,
they still love us so far. It's just amazing. You have no idea. You couldn't even imagine.
Here's the Miami Beach. You're a Miami or somewhere like that. Hello. Yes, sir.
I have some shocking things to tell you. Shocking, huh?
The other day we were watching the sports wrap, whatever you call it.
With sports crap, yeah. With mandatory watch and face.
Yeah, what's this push?
You and Rose first started, and my wife came in the room and guess what she said?
Oh, that guy is cute.
Rosenhouse was on. Yes. That what you just said?
Yes. And what is this? That guy's cute.
Oh, God. Can you believe that?
Well, maybe her eyesight's failing. Well, boy, I was going to say maybe she's got bad taste, but you know,
what can I tell you?
A couple of other things. I mean, I was listening to the noise-peaketing class
station. I'm a Shane of being a cubit. Some of the crap has been said on that.
Neil, talking about racism. Yeah.
Talking about election without issues. It's only a, it's just down to, it just down to race.
Right. You both are here because it's cubit. And forget about what he believes in.
It doesn't matter what he believes it. Right.
Is cubit? Oh, that's right.
Almost all the Cubans voted for panels. Almost all the blacks voted for Teal and never the Twain shall meet.
They don't care. Democrat Republican communist face.
She's the, they don't care, man. There's the Cuban. That's my guy. There's the black guy. That's my guy.
That's, that's, that's it.
Look at him. Highly, they have that guy who was, what's his face?
Raul Martinez. Yeah. He's a little. He never stole a freight train.
He never stole a freight train. So they would love him and they want him been there for life.
And they don't give a crap. And if it turns out that he's really Puerto Rican, he's out.
A couple of other things this morning. Let's start a rumor that Raul Martinez is Puerto Rican. How do you like that?
Oh, by the way, they might swish their votes or their blades in a hurry speaking of Brian.
Some guy called you the other day and told you that Alex Alex Alex the guy.
And it Alex panelists Bennett.
So the guy who plays baseball in the Seattle Alice Rodriguez.
Alice Rodriguez. I didn't know his name was Alice.
Alice. No wonder they won't write about him. He won the he won a batting championship in the American league. He's great.
Meal like Alice Rantel. I mean, yeah, he is not Puerto Rican. He's Cuban Alex Rodriguez.
Yes. Is Cuban and they still don't write anything about him here?
Correct. I'm going to tell you something. I really mean this because I you know with a satellite.
I see a lot of their games and I watched him play a lot. This this kid is phenomenal. He's unbelievable.
This should be the biggest story in the history of sports in his town.
And what are they writing about the same old crap? Same old crap.
Even dolphins cut keyt buyers like that. So surprise. We knew Jimmy blow his ass out of there.
Bob cost of satellite. This kid can be or is the best thing that ever happened.
I'm going to tell you if he stays healthy. How old is he? 21 now I think?
Twenty or 21. He stays healthy. He's already a shoe in for the Hall of Fame. How do you like that?
Absolutely. I guarantee it. Now you can bet your life on it.
Listen to the geniuses of the WQAM this morning.
Yes. Steve Goldouche. What are you calling him?
Yeah. He said, well, you know, with a dish, you shouldn't go buy a dish because you cannot even get sports channels on some of the dishes.
And I said, wait a minute on the big dish. You can get it. And in the little dish that has been taking care of it.
It has. Well, they're working on it. But there's a possible today. You can get it.
Yeah. But you can get it. If you live long enough, I'm not so sure.
I'm a little lary on his sports channel. Man, they're starting to get me real nervous.
But me or even on the little dish. You can get it. Not yet.
That sounds like comedies more to me. Yeah. It's on the big dish right now.
But I mean, it would have to be there. But I if it's it's and I got continental cable.
It is not on my cable, which today is the second. It's the third or second of October.
Whatever it is. It's three days before the opening Panther game.
And it's not on a small dish yet, which it's three days before the opening telecast.
And I'm beginning to wonder if anybody's got the damn thing other than on the big dish.
I'm telling you the big ones are always better than little ones.
Yeah. That's what you think. Oh, well, that's not what I say. Well, another thing. Well,
Ray Shepherd is out one to three weeks with a separated shoulder there. Whatever it is.
We're pretty pissed off about that. And how come they kept that news so quiet until I had to hear about it on newscast?
How come nobody told me that? Oh, you know what?
How come somebody who's supposed to be giving me all this good hockey information is so busy hockey
to China can drive a mean nuts and try to make me fight his battles for him?
How come he didn't tell me that a separated shoulder had Ray Shepherd out one to three weeks?
Oh, listen to this yesterday the the ass of program director. Yeah. He denied yesterday afternoon.
The rush was going to I.m. Z.
Well, that's because they got it for another week or something like that. I don't know.
But come on. He was in today's hero.
But, but you know the end. What was in the herald that they made it official and they have one line by by you.
And that said you were the king of a box show in the county.
It's in the hero. Do we have a hero? Can we cause there's no papers near any more in part?
Let's go see if we can scrounge what I'll give you forward to join. Whatever you call it.
It's in the death section. The herald by the way should have a death section today in honor of getting whipped in the election last night.
And I love that Alex Peralis right out of the box said, hey, one of my big priorities is going to be to make sure to defeat this arena thing.
Oh, by the way, nice going Alex.
All right. Hey, Neil, tell George not to go cargar. Well, you're on the air, please.
He's smoking one right now. Get out of here pal. All right.
See you. Bye. I'll read the urge. Yeah, no cagarr. Okay. No more cagarr.
I'll take one by the way if you got a little one.
We have an open line in day 751. Oh, do we have the herald?
It's probably another one of those Barry Jackson column fetching it right now.
See, one of the interesting things is they've been feeding Barry Jackson.
I'm almost beginning to wonder intentionally misinformation from over to a QM.
And of course, very dutifully he puts it in there like Jimmy Cifilis is going to be doing a show Jimmy Cifilis don't know nothing about it.
How do you like that? Thank you so much, Adam. You're just a real.
It's so good to have Adam here really early in the morning sucking her mind like Andy did.
Hey, look what it did for him. Got him to the big time. He sucked his all the way. He sucked his all the way to the big city.
So do you want to bow? He's doing the work since he had a.
I have a licensee out, or please?
Talking entertainment radio.
610 W I O D. Who runs this place?
I don't know.
Put on my five own ways and I head for the street.
Just took down the best of hustle and I'm starting to feel the heat.
Oi.
Suddenly I see people checking out my buttons.
I see.
Yeah, I got a first class riser.
It done pitched to 10.
My jeans.
Now I was born in a woodie.
I'm finding it impossible to conceal.
I'm spotted a woodie.
I feel like an absolute out of real.
So the ghost of the house.
He was part one too.
He caught Adam up to the gates of basement.
Just to see what he would do.
The ghost of the face was beaming as he headed for his room.
There's a pretty little ghost.
He's waiting for his post down in the jungle room.
We're spotting woodies in Memphis.
You turn.
It's nearly impossible to conceal.
Spotting woodies in Memphis.
I feel like an actual woodie.
Spotting woodies in Memphis.
It's almost impossible to conceal.
Spotting woodies in Memphis.
Welcome.
I feel like I'm emancipated man.
I feel like Martin Luther, whatever his name was, I don't get smart.
It's 1034 at WIOD.
We're free again, man.
We're free at last.
Two more trips.
Two more trips.
Down the highway from hell.
We got out of this.
We got out of this wonderful neighborhood.
Since Rick Sanchez moved in, it's gone to crap.
That's what they said.
Bill Ross, as soon as that man squatted into that building,
he said there goes the damn neighborhood.
He was right.
So here's the article speaking of fat people.
It says limba moves to WIENZ starting on Monday.
By Frank Davies, who is not Barry Jackson,
so maybe there might be some accurate information in here for a change.
It's that little Barry Jackson, who's nothing but a Yanta and a troublemaker.
And gets it wrong almost all the time.
We know you're listening, Barry.
Get it right.
Just once in your life would be good.
Just one time.
Rush Limbaugh, the 800-pound guerrilla of talk radio with Seiz,
has been bumped by a 900-pound guerrilla sports talk radio.
WCWAM 560 adopting an all sports far, far, far mark,
is dropping the conservative talker's popular show.
Popular show.
The guy's got a two-share, has never broken a two-share in how, what was it?
Three, four, five years now in the market?
His popular show.
It's popular somewhere, but not here, which it goes on to say later.
And WIENZ with its emphasis on news is picking it up starting Monday.
Limbaugh will be heard weekends from 1 to 4 p.m. on WIENZ,
which will also carry Laura Slesinger's syndicated personal advice program
from 10 a.m. to noon.
So now we're really up against it.
Now we got only, not only Rush to combat with, but we got Dr. Laura.
Oh boy, I can't handle that.
There go all our four women.
They'll be right over to Dr. Laura, so she can bitch him out.
Rush and Laura, our great communicator,
said our close personal friend, Pete Boulder of WIENZ program director.
Although one is political and one is full of crap,
they both feel strongly about individuals taking responsibility for their actions,
says for Pete.
Limbaugh's departure from QAM had been openly discussed for months and months
with the sale of the station to Beasley Broadcasting, WQAM,
will add another sports talk show in the noon to 3 slot,
and I'll occupy by Lardice.
It's the evolution of our formats that Andrew Asson,
the Woods, WQAM's program director.
Our primary consumer wants to be all sports.
He wants us to be all sports.
Are they supposed to forget they were all sports?
Remember those days when they had the Dave O'Brien?
By the way, congratulations, Dave and Joe,
when they had Dave O'Brien and the who was with Zagaki.
Oh my god.
And they had like fractions, man.
They had numbers that were so small.
You had the Palomar telescope just to see it.
And the number two, as effective an entertainer as Limbaugh is,
this was a marriage that didn't necessarily make sense, says Andrew Asson, the Woods.
And it goes on to say this and say that speaking of Limbaugh,
it said he's so far ahead of whoever's second or third.
It's not even close.
Said Brett Moss, editor of Talk Daily, a radio industry newsletter.
But South Florida is different, it says.
Here, Neil Rogers on WIOD610, his talk show, champ from 10am to 2pm.
Limbaugh never performed here as well as he did in the rest of the nation,
said Asson Woods, admitting that WQAM did not promote the show successfully.
Right, emphasized the suck part.
Along with adding Limbaugh and the slushed new WIOD610 out several other changes,
which we don't care about.
So there you go.
Limbaugh and I and Z starting on Monday,
and a new sports midday show,
part of which we can be sure will be the fat bitch from 10 to noon.
And noon to three, your guess is as good as mine.
Huh?
Sure won't be rumour.
Sure won't be a syphilis.
It won't be Ned the sandy beach.
It won't be who's it going to be?
Maybe the Hummer's going to be on from noon to seven every day, huh?
He can have lunch, a little afternoon snack,
and dinner all on the same show, outstanding.
Nice going, Hummer.
Oh!
You're okay in my book, pal.
Here's Delray Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Listen, in regards to that all of my incidents,
I agree with you.
I don't think he's a hardhead like Albert Bell.
Right.
But I'll tell you one thing.
If they're going to suspend them for five,
then they might as well suspend all the other managers
and all that that wind up arguing.
Do you see how close they get when they argue?
Oh, yeah.
Do you remember when Don Zimmer and Earl Weaver were notorious
for kicking dirt on guys shoes and up on an almost in their face?
Billy Martin, the same thing.
Yeah, but, and then another incident that I'm looking at is,
how do we know that why he spit at him?
I mean, we don't know what this kind of call is.
That's right.
Look, anybody who's going to make a judgment on this
has got to first at least see the tape,
which most of us have seen 400 times, okay?
He calls him out on a pitch that's over a foot outside.
The Orioles are fighting tooth and nail
to win the spot and a playoff.
He calls him out on a ridiculous pitch.
It's a grotesque call.
They argue, Alamar goes back to the dugout.
And then, as you know, they're screaming from the dugout,
her speck yells into there at him
and the report that we get from a pretty good source is,
he called him a little bleep sucker.
And then they come running back out again.
Alamar followed by David Johnson, whose face is followed apart,
all over his cheek.
And then at that point, they get another thing again
and Alamar spits in his face, but her speck evidently,
and obviously from what you see, provoked this incident,
which doesn't make it right, but then her speck isn't right either.
Who says the umpires now have the right to start doing whatever they want
and nobody's ever going to discipline them?
I'll tell you another thing.
Who the hell are they?
When he was talking about the incident
in the runway that happened about him talking about his kid,
maybe what he, I think that maybe what he told them was,
ever since the incident happened in your family,
maybe you haven't been the same person.
No, he didn't tell him that.
He said that to reporters.
He didn't tell them to his post.
So you go with them.
And he heard about it second hand,
which right off the bat leaves you, you know,
to wonder because it was taking out a context,
the year about second hand, and he went ballistic
and just lost it and ran down the corridor
and into the locker room and he had to be restrained
by the other umpires.
They dragged his ass out of there.
And he apologized.
He wrote a letter. He apologized.
And they still, you have to, they held up the end day.
And they donated $100,000 between Alamar personally
and the Orioles to the research foundation
that's doing research on that disease.
And that's still not good enough.
Let me remind you, I don't know if you follow hockey at all.
Oh, no, not really.
But during the playoffs last year when Claude Lemieux
came from behind and sticked and rammed Chris Draper
of the Trojan into the boards and nearly,
nearly killed this guy, nearly took his head off.
Okay.
He got a two game suspension is all he got.
And granted it wasn't, you know, he couldn't appeal it
because he didn't have the opportunity.
It was the, you know, the league Brian Burke said
you're going to serve the next two games in the playoffs.
And he got it right away.
But here's a guy who nearly kills a man.
Chris Draper's face was in such disarray that they would,
he wanted to come back and sit on the bench.
They wouldn't let him sit on the bench because they thought
that the players would go nuts if they saw how bad he looked.
They didn't want anybody to see him.
It's a miracle that that kid looks as good as he does now.
And it's just, he nearly killed this guy.
He gets two games.
I'll tell you another guy spits in the Empire's face
and his bait is probably baited to do it.
And right away, oh, geez, this is the end of the world.
People are going off the deep end.
They all got an opinion.
Imagine if Albert Bell would have been the one
that would have done that to that Empire.
I don't think he would have spit at him.
I think he would have taken a form to his face.
Yeah, probably.
You know, another thing, the guy that called earlier
that mentioned about Alex Rodriguez being Cuban,
I read a article, a big article on him on USA Sports.
He's, he's Puerto Rican.
Yeah.
And he's single and I don't know if he's circumcised.
Is he hung?
I don't know.
We don't know that.
Well, well, we do have to find out if he circumcised.
I'm sure that somebody, that didn't go to see,
he went to school here, right?
Yeah, he went to school.
He's good friends with Derek Jeter of the Yankees.
Oh, Derek Jeter.
He had a tough night last night.
Bad break, Derek, too bad.
Texas six Yankees, too.
Oh!
John Birkett, I'm not good enough for the Marlins,
but evidently good enough for Texas.
And Darryl Strawberry screwed everything up, too.
Yes.
I loved it.
Oh, man, do I love watching the Yankees lose?
I get sexual excitement watching that.
You have no idea.
Oh, I love it.
Bill, listen, I want to tell you your grace,
your great under radio, and I always listen to your show
during work time and take care.
And I'm a great American.
You know it.
Thanks for the info pal.
Okay, so let's find out.
Is Alex Rodriguez really Cuban?
Is he Puerto Rican?
Is he hung?
He's what?
Domini Gano.
That's what we had heard before.
So now we got three choices for you.
Which one do you like the best?
Is he from La Rai?
Public Dominican, I like the cigar that I'm smoking right now.
I'm puffin' on one.
Maybe this is an Alex Rodriguez cigar, huh?
What's he puffin'?
Oh, we don't want to know.
Don't ask John Hershbeck.
He might use that word again.
So he's either the Dominican Republican
or a Dominican Democrat or he's Cuban or he's Puerto Rican
and we got to find out if he's circumcised.
We have two open lines in Broward, 5249463524WID.
No ladies again today.
I mean, we really don't care about Monday.
He gave us a real false sense of security.
Like, hey, Ron and Ron are back.
The women are back on board on WID.
I don't hear no ladies now.
No ladies, no way, no how.
They don't care about whether sports channel is going to be on
because they don't care about the Panthers, right?
They certainly don't care about sports at all.
They don't care about Drew Rosenhouse being an asshole.
They don't care about Brian Bladeshoot
and his cousin and the guy being dead.
They don't care about any of this stuff.
And he sure don't watch baseball.
That we know for sure.
Here is the four-letter day on the purple line.
Hello.
Hey, Neon, how you doing?
Great.
I'm a little surprised that your staff on this Alamart thing.
Good.
I think it's a little hypocritical
because you're the guy that always says it's just words.
You know, when people get upset at something,
somebody says you always say it's just words.
Yeah.
So it's just how.
Well, yeah, but let's be realistic.
Okay.
And any sporting event especially,
Temporous Flare, people get bent out of shape.
I mean, if you watch a hockey game,
it goes way beyond just words.
I mean, if somebody says something provocative
and rather guy, they drop the gloves
and they beat the snot out of each other.
There's blood all over the ice, okay?
So I think people are getting a little bit carried away
about the fact that when somebody insights you
by saying something really grotesque and whatever it was,
and the guy comes out and continues
and who knows what else was said beyond it.
And he's spitting his face, you know, short of hitting him.
Maybe he was so incensed that the only choice he had
were either to spit in his face or maybe haul off
and slug him, which at that point he'd probably be out of baseball.
Well, in other words, you don't think that ever happens?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm here.
Yeah, my phone's pretty good for you, that's fine.
Okay.
Can you hear me?
Okay, I have a great day.
Okay, we have an open line and a purple line.
I think maybe I asked him a tough question there.
You know, again, most of it's like 90% of the people
probably come down on the other side, like Gordon Eads
with his emotional column in the sunset with center this morning.
I got news for you Gordon, they've done a lot more
to kill baseball and somebody spit in some of these faces, okay.
They don't care about the fans, and the interesting part
is it's the umpires who threatened to walk out yesterday
in violation of their contract, and now of course,
they had to get their way by at least getting the hearing
moving up till tomorrow.
Now, that's okay, and whatever they decide,
that'll be okay too.
But they got plenty of publicity and plenty of press
and plenty of sympathy and in the meantime the arrows are kicking ice and that's
all i care about at this point
because Roberto alamar happens to be a credit to the game you know the guys
who are the good guys it's interesting they take the crap and people like
albert bell and uh... in sheffield and a few of these and berry bonds who could be
the worst of all of them
uh... life just goes on and it keep collecting the paycheck
ten forty four and poor alux rod regas we can't even find out where the hell
he's from
wouldn't you think that he went to school here somebody would know how big it is
and
talk in entertainment radio
six ten w i o d
back up
okay
all right my wife took their card or the ball
she drives my dear again she's three feet tall
i wouldn't ride with a no way
i said i'd need a day later today
so i'm just sitting on a bench in del Rey
waiting for the lily fester take me away
or i'm just sitting on a bench in del Rey
with my friend kine
i
looks like it's time to check my change
cost of best it's don't always stay the same
all that gonna do with yeta tells me to do
the private her life she must be insane
just sitting here resting my bones
wondering why my wife won't leave me alone
we've talked it over and i never win
i just wind up slipping through your wall again
oh so i sit on a bench in del Rey
waiting for the lily fester take me away
or i'm just sitting on a bench in del Rey
with my friend kine
and there he is
it's about time i've been waiting the old damn day in this bench
i love you guys
how are you going?
1049 and w-I-D-I noticed that some of these is the car machines or what is it?
oh yeah i think it is
okay we have an open line on a green line 1-800-944
this is the last day that we have to work with prehistoric equipment
and here in starting on monday you're gonna hear the difference in the sound
and then a couple of weeks after that when they get the brand new transmitter
and then lashley put out more than 10 watts
then you might actually be able to hear the station without putting a tin candy or your rear
here's hollywood
hello
hey nil
what's happening this point?
hey i was listening to run and run
and i seen that guy who rose and house was on
i always tell everyone how i think this is this
why does everybody kiss his ass?
i didn't i heard it
i know that everyone hates me but i'm successful
and that's all there is
here's slime ball
hey listen i want to ask you something
i saw an article in the Harold yesterday
yeah that my uh...
cc i in the sports channel
there are an impact because they tried to reach an agreement or something
yeah because tc i want to make it a premium channel and make you pay extra
if you want to watch the games right to get sports channel
let me ask you if i go to a
the dish small one
and i still uh...
i have no i have not wish i could tell you and that's what i'm looking for today
with somebody
you know i met the guy rumor introduced me at the exhibition game to die from
sports channel
and he peed all over my leg and thank you for he thanked me profusely for
giving him all his publicity and uh...
and telling people all the good stuff
but in the meantime i would like to find out today
today or to our least before the weekend
i'd like to find out the honest answer of when if and when
to a sports channel for does going to show up on the small dish on direct
tv yeah and also uh... if it really is going to be a like continental cable
like i said before it's not on my cable system yet
yeah
so that's you know i need it because i got the big dish but i mean most people
who got cable would at least like to know if it's going to show up on a cable
system
yet i thought i was looking for because they had a big story on channel
uh... i think it was well was on six last night after the game which i didn't
stay up that late to watch the story but i saw the tease for it
it said thousands of panther fans may wind up in the dark for the opener on
saturday
yet doesn't sound encouraging so far that's what it looks like yeah
all right sir
well uh... we'll work on it for you
i think that's okay thanks
yeah we're crossing our legs and crossing our eyes and crossing the tees and
dot in the eyes but the hey
i don't know i wish i did know i wish somebody would give us the honest
uh... answer
somebody would give us the amiss on this
like maybe our good close personal friend rimmer
but of course he's probably too busy uh... doing a interroutine
we'd like to get some meaningful information you know i'm saying
and find out if and when since these guys are going to be doing a game on saturday
uh... if for you're going to be able to see it i mean what's the point if you can't
see it
but the great news is that jay randall find out somebody called yesterday
would aspire report from q a m which of course most of their stuff you can't believe
lately anyway
but it's true it's right there in a big headline and since david o'Brien wrote it
you know what that's an incestuous thing
angel and o'Brien to call the tv marlin games next year oh thank god
i'm ready to turn to religion for that i'll tell you that right now
because haven't i said over and over again that if you're going to generate
excitement and team gets some interest especially a town like this that the
quite frankly don't care too much you got to have some great broadcast out
there and jay and gary guess what they're not going to do it
here's a mobile in oakland park hello
hey niel yes sir how you doing great i just wanted to confirm that uh... alix
regus is the medic in republic
he uh... went to west mister high school and uh... my amie
yeah did you ever take a shower them or anything i don't know i did i'm not into
that kind of stuff no i mean i'm talking about like in jim class i don't mean like
that kind of a shower no i want to say like a golden shower just like an
ordinary shower yeah no i didn't get into the yeah
i bet you will find somebody who claims to have a shard with them i bet why i don't
we've had we've had guys over the years call a shard with hosea can sucko
oh really who saw a shard with the rocky itch of a rea aka steven borough all
these guys yeah we got the inside dope i can i call someone to do back of course
my kinder okay thanks for the info pal yep so we got a their what do we call him a
Dominican but i thought a Dominican was like a religious sect
you mean like during the offseason he where he wears those smatas we call him father
alix father alix alix god there you go seriously how come this town hasn't
hasn't taken to alix uh... rod regus like even alix for nandes who we love
alix for nandes even though he pitches for the marginal white socks he's a great
kid even always getting chubby in his old age he's terrific we love alix
uh... for nandes and i guess i guess in alix by another name wouldn't just be
treated the same and that's the problem what's the story there
because alix for nandes is one hell of a damn good picture he had a good year
with the white socks and the rumors are that maybe he's coming to the marlin's
next season which would be great but uh... here's alix rod regus a local product
to win the american league batting championship who has a season the likes of
which nobody and there's not a bad word about this kid i mean he is as clean
and is light-complexed the and is uh... i mean whatever you want whatever you
like about somebody he's got it you think that those young girls out there and
especially those mighty cones they'd be uh... they'd be wild they'd be having
blow-up dolls over alix a rod especially when they call him a rod oh man
that gets the hulio is really excited when they call him a rod
or a candidate call him rod a
here's a mobile in four-letter deal hello
nil yes sir the fifth continental cable already said they're going to give it
the on the fifth
yet they're going to give it to you so they better drop your pants
number two yeah a few years back
a behorsfield spit at the herald reporter right you can down pretty hard on
a yeah pretty hard yeah number three because i got to go
there's been more articles on alix rod regus in the local media
than you could think about more than they've had on you not in the sun sentinel
what do you mean that the front and the whole read that the people are living
proud only communist read the herald have a great day pal that's right from
inside the herald there's to bitter about that election last night
herald lost again herald lost again oh god are we excited about that as the
public tells their like given the fickle finger of fate and say take make a
year as an anna arena by the way this is your heat station w i o d
see one thing i've already had a discussion about the he already know my
feelings and uh... quite frankly they're not going to change anything in too
bad ten fifty five at w i o d evenings delight
alright that musical accompaniment but i don't think it really is necessary at
the moment maybe want to try to get later with a different beat
evenings delight is softwaters unique fireplace in barbecues showroom they've
got the most incredible selection of fireplace in barbecues accessories
anywhere in the country let evenings delight show you the professional
uh...
talk entertainment radio
six ten w i o d
my any fortnight
this is the launcher show
this is your brain
any questions you've heard of the four tops you've heard of the four seasons
and of course you've heard of the fab four
but now witness the newest sensation in musical groups
guys with a little something extra yes it's the four skins
life and uncut there's peter on conga
dick on bongos
rod on the drum kit and chubby on the timboli
the four members of the four skins these guys are nothing more than wrinkly skin
bones but they are the master beaters of percussion
this cd includes snippets of the four skins caught live at the zipper and
outspan liner germany run out and grab a unit of the four skins
live and uncut you'll back the wrap up and
wrap it on it's the four skins live and uncut
okay it's eleven o'clock at w i o d we were waiting to find out if Alex is
like shard with anybody the audience including any of the women we have an
open line of brown five two four nine four six three five two four
w i o d we also want to find out if he's better in the sector Craig
Ericsson and for his sake we sure hope so
here's the four-letter mail back on a purple line hello
any of your sir uh...
i thought you two minutes ago but my phone died out yeah um
i really didn't get catch what you said but what i was starting to say was for
phone died is that
people i don't think people are taking a side of alamar
uh... because of what was said and who said what and what who started what i
think they're just saying it's going it's fitting on an uphired going too far
you you may be an analogy of the uh...
the red wings guy can hit by the mute yeah yeah see that's bad but
he took a cheap shot
and he didn't know the outcome of the he could have killed the guy okay
from behind okay from a blindside he blindsided him he jammed him into the
boards got to stick up in his head and nearly killed a guy and he gets a two
game suspension i know i saw that yeah
number one and you're probably going to jump down a throw for service but he
the guy's not an official for the game number one
now i'm not controlling what the guy did but you know what he is you know what they
both are they're both human beings okay
the game the game is only important to a point
and then beyond that they both happen to be human beings i understand
or jeopardizing somebody's very life as opposed to spitting in somebody's face in
the heat of a disgusting argument or after somebody says something violent
vulgar and insights you to do it i don't see the connection at all
no way saying that you say you you say jeopardizing guys like i don't think that
caught the mute when over there to try to kill the guy i know what i don't think i
don't think cloud let me give the crap okay i don't think he cares about the
consequences called look as far as i'm concerned cloud let me was crazy or in a
bed bug he's not standing piece of crap anyway but yeah i'm not coming to the guys defense
on you know but again we don't know what's in the guys mind we don't know if the guy really wanted
to put that much hurt on the guy but what what what do you mean in other words a guy just to this
is first game the guy's been playing for years he knows what the possibilities are when you're
blindsided guy right up against the way head right up against the top of the boards yeah yeah
i understand so of course he didn't know the outcome but in other words you try to say he
why he wanted to just injure him lightly is that it no no i'm not saying that it all come on give me
a break i'm not saying that at all but my point is with the umpire thing you know you have these
they have rules we have authority in these games you can't once you start spitting on a
so in other words they have authority and they can do whatever the hell they want and they can
call people any name under the sun and they can incite them they can bait them they can stand in
their face and scream and holler and nobody will ever admonish them or do anything to them
but if somebody responds by retaliating then all of a sudden they're bad guys waiting i never say
you're you telling me that there's nobody that the umpires have to answer to
yeah they have to rant answer to richie philips so big deal like he's then they got their union
you think the union isn't gonna back them 99% of the time just like all the umpires now banding
together and threatening to walk out and delaying two games yesterday well no i know i was going
on i saw that and all that was richie philips but still i mean he still has to
does richie philips have to answer somebody even though bud saw his not a commissioner
spot cela gives a clown okay he's he's a nice a non-identity he doesn't even exist he might as well
not even be on the on the face of the planet well he's a living you know because the system is
screwed up with the people that they have in place doesn't mean that the system doesn't work i'm
i'm just amazed that people who don't even like like the first guy had call on this this morning
doesn't follow baseball doesn't pay any attention to it like most people no but wait a minute
but i'm amazed that everybody is jumping on the bandwagon because somebody's spitting somebody's face
it's not jumping on the bandwagon we have people that murder people every and the thing with
abe hersfeld to bring that up as a comparison uh there wasn't in the middle of some kind of a
heated event abe hersfeld spitting the guy's face because he asked him a question he didn't like
is there some comparison abe hersfeld is a scumbag a common crude scumbag what's the comparison
between him and robert roe allamar well they get him kicked out of the damn uh
get him get him get the herspect kicked out of the uh as a uh uh umpire do some get rid of him
have some sort what he said if he went over the line cross line as an umpire he should have some
punishment but it's not going to happen it's not going to happen but you don't again you're not
listening to me these things aren't done it like like like in a courtroom these things happen in
the middle of a heated argument you're you're you're you're understood understood but yet he
had paid the price for it and i'm going to tell you something he issued an apology that i thought
went way way above and beyond and fifty thousand dollars and the urels kicked in fifty grand and
he uh you know apologize for everything he said and uh what do you want the guy to do you
want to blow his own brains out absolutely not no i'm not i'm not saying what he did was
wrong in a you know when doing it as you know get heated and in responding to what the guy said
i'm not saying what he's just i probably would have done worse okay he's lucky that the guy just
spit in the space i think hersfeld but the point is that you have rules you have to you have to
go by if if what he did was wrong and you know something you know something he got the suspension
he appealed it which is in part of the system players route appeal or uh uh suspensions routinely
just like jockey's appeal suspensions and they they even uh the the league even said okay well we'll
uh to try to pacify you guys will move the hearing up to thursday so he still might miss some of
the playoffs so what's everybody been out of shape about right well it's not a you said you got
to play by the rules that's the rule okay if they will that he's going to have to sit out he'll
have to sit out right absolutely i agree with that ballista let me say this before we we go
first of all what doesn't well already we're going to face but with the this sports channel yeah
that's all you have to do on channel six i believe they said that um tci was the only cable company in
south Florida that is not well as of yet going to pick up uh sports channel yeah every other cable
well how come i'm i got continental how come i'm getting all these reports all these panicky people
out there a delfie is not going to have it and this one's not going to have it uh you know i
i think if people i'm just on you i'm just on your channel six then now they could be wrong but
they said that everybody except tci and the reason why tci uh well this kind of uh um
they're not agreeing to they're not admitting to this but they're saying that uh tci own sunshine
network right i understand that they got a conflict of interest there and they were basically
trying to be hardasses with sports channel right and they're saying well if you want to be on our
system then they'll have to be a premium channel and people have to pay extra for it right well
that's that's what they're saying but you know like he said he said everybody except tci has
taken up so i hope they're right okay pal well find out Saturday you'll have to sit and wait
which is a hell of a way to uh you know plan your life you'll have to sit there and turn it on
seven thirty and find out if the panther flyer game is on and if not uh we're screwed again
well you're screwed because i got the big dish so again all you smart asses out there wow
you would you rather have the big one or the little one would you rather well i've traveled i always
said consistently if you're able if you like living a house if you're able uh to get the
big dish if you can afford it if you will have the land if whatever that's the preferable way to go
and i still believe that and the programming is a lot less expensive and you still get tons of
stuff on your big dish that you will never never ever see on the small dish and the discussion
here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello hello yes sir
a meal first of all a couple things the empires they have a contract too
if one of their empires got suspended if you walk him out if they tried to enforce any sort of
suspension against them right right i'd go and through the hearing and arbitrary you bet man
those guys are tighter than a snare drum secondly remember the good old days when the empires
were just a part of the game some of the great rhubarb that used to happen with any merciless
fields of the road sure they threw everything at the empires dirt spits bottles of water
right whatever happened to those days well you know those days you didn't have like instant replay
first of all because uh you know you didn't have the the mass media frenzy they have now with every
little thing that happens and so they take an incident and they they huh these guys don't want to
be shown up that's their whole thing you can't show me up anymore that's the umperry right and
and like i said the last few years they've started more and more because they're on a power trip
and they've more and more started baiting guys and i wish somebody else out there had knew which
game it was it was either a cub game or it was a no uh maybe it was one of the athletic games i was
watching on satellite a few months ago they're they're they're having an argument umperry makes a
horrendous call on a called baller strike the the batter gets bent out of shape says something
now he gets back into the batter's box i mean the arguments over and the umpire gets out in
front of the plate bends down cleans off the plate with his little brush and then gets up in a
player's face and starts all over again gets him going and throws him out of the game right but
nobody says a word about that absolutely unacceptable i don't know they think now pci sports
channel first of all i have pci i don't think i'm ever going to see the pen for games yeah i hate
pci but also what about the hopes of somebody like wane you know just moving these things from
sunshine without having any agreement with these people you know you're going to run into a stone wall
with pci and uh them on in the sunshine uh cable network yeah now we're screwed well you got to
understand we wane owns wane owns the sports channel but when i predicted it right off the bat
sooner or later and probably sooner everything that uh he's got a finger in is going to wind up
on sports channel i've called the panthers what provisions are they making to have the people who
are not going to be able to see these games have they taken any uh they looking at a local station
to air these games and apparently they're not doing anything so we're going to end we're going to
get screwed with the fight i don't i don't know because they're sure not communicating with me
they're not telling they're not giving me any information mr. hockey puck i'm supposed to be the
guy with all the info and so far they're not the said in any info to me now just want to say goodbye to
jay ran off with his uh one night that switching over to the doctor game um he was interviewing uh
dandry's deals wife yeah and when she left he said i just want to thank
dandry's deals late wife for spending a few minutes with uh adaboy jay he hasn't lost it man
we love him he'll be good out in uh ash tabula somewhere uh have a great day pal good luck to us
yeah i'm still waiting man if there's anybody with a sports channel if there's even anybody that i
know who wants to pass along the accurate information i'd sure be very anxious to do that because you
know that everybody who's into the panthers is listening to this show right now including thousands of
people who are just dying to know are we going to get screwed again are we going to actually get to
see the game it's all they want is to sit there in a comfort of their living room sit back turn on the
TV crank it on to somewhere and enjoy the game that's all hopefully to a big win and then that's it
i'd like the guy said everything was done at the last minute and everybody's being uh hello
yeah it's coming it's coming it's coming we've all heard that before haven't we here's west pome Beach
gone long gone okay two open lines on the green lines one eight hundred nine four four here's my
Emmy hello how you doing okay sir heard a sufferlose show at midday on q a m's going to be sponsored by
clear still yeah um he's going to change the complexion of sports radio you know you mentioned about
rumor not getting the job you know in q a m and hang walking off the air yeah you know i listen to
hang manage deep for this all those guys hang mentions manage all the time and manage
mention thank all the time they talk after the game default mention tank big dog mentions the bow
camper is there any reason there's a major click going on here why yeah i mean can't it can't
figure it out they don't want rumor in the circle and why is that i don't know i think maybe the
why because he's a friend of mine no i think you know why because he's on his show all the time well
these are the same guys that want to show the fulfill his contract they're the same guys who
manipulate everything going on in this town when it comes to sports and whatever we talk about i see
your point is an outsider yeah he represents a threat because you know as an outsider and also the
fact he knows something about hockey which none of them know anything about yeah what what is q a m
going to do for hockey coverage i mean what wouldn't wouldn't you think if you're in a position of
being on the year over there and you got a contract and your livelihood is dependent on that
station which has been very very marginal ever since they went all sports wouldn't you think that
you'd want a guy to compliment the people you have on here who knows something about one of the sports
that you carry on your station instead of having to constantly fake your way through and pretend you
know something well they're going to have the coach's show on there i guess on Tuesday Tuesday at
o'clock in the morning who's going to ask the questions they're going to ask the coach if he's
getting late or something probably going to find out you know how i'll be doing how they're doing
with the girls are yes you know because i don't know much about hockey you know i've lived in this
town on my life but i would like to learn i would like to hear somebody educated on the radio
besides your show yeah that you can listen to maybe learn something about it right now he seems
like rumors the only guy in this down if they put Chris moron he can never do a show i mean you
don't like him but you know he's all right yeah yeah from what do i know about hockey you know
announcers so i guess Chris moron the only guy i've ever heard i just think that's why rumors getting
blown out i think he's getting a shaft and on a on a note here i wish dfo would leave your station
i wish he would i wish you maybe move somebody else up or bring somebody else in it because he's
what's your thing with dfo he sucks he's just getting so old you know you heard that expression
somebody likes to hear himself talk yeah that's the forest he just goes and goes and just not stop
talk the monologue is just that yeah i tell you what i'll tell you the one thing that dfo i mean he's
a good guy but he's uh he's since he's changed the way he does the show and with these limericks and
puns and all the other stuff i i just don't go for that the thing he does that really frost my ass
my favorite show every week with dfo is Thursday when he's got Dave Hyde and Bob Ruben because they're
great they both you know actually open them up up up up up and say something and he'll take the first
he the guys only keep in mind only got a two hour show and he's got news in there and commercial
so it's really only like an hour and a half so you got an hour and a half to do a show and you kill
the first 18 minutes before you bring these guys out with a monologue i mean well what's the point
why not get right into it baby and and let's hear what these guys have to say right get a difference
of opinion i mean i think that's what makes sports talk you know something you know just talk about
hangt blows off anybody that doesn't agree with hangt is gone in two seconds yeah it's frustrated
it's frustrating but you know something man i don't know what it is about him they're lined up like a bunch
of sheep i did they're just one after another after another all look at your line what do you like
in the game yeah like like this guy's a maverick he knows something you know some i don't gamble on
football i like football if you called up and said hangt i just like to watch football in the afternoon
to gamble on it all your craze you're lying to me yeah i this guy must be in debt he's got to be
with his picks on sunday on e s b n i got news for me i got news for people who gamble on on ball
games and there's millions of them uh anybody that tells you they're making money doing it 99%
of marlars well hangt's gonna be losing weight because he's running out of uh food money
well see that it's gonna fit it's sooner or later there's a silver lining in every a big
south have a rate a pal okay we have an open line in day seven five one we got one on a green line
one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three we're not hearing nothing from remember today
about the sports channel thing we're not hearing everything from my good friend over there that
works for Wayne that's the head of the sports channel why aren't you people communicating with us so
we can uh soothe the nerves of all these panther fans out there you get on your your promote your
promote your promote you try to get some interest you sell tickets you get asses in the seats you
turn people onto a greater greatest sport in the world by far i'm gonna tell you what a hockey fan i
am last night and i grant you baseball i i could live without but during the playoffs i'll watch
some of it Yankees and the Texas last night i watched that only intermittently i watched much more of
the penguins and the brood's exhibition game with Mike Lang on kb-l thank god much more that
that i did the Yankee game and mario was playing in joker and frances and everybody was in line up
so it was like almost a real game and by the way the penguins have no defense i mean no i just
want to mention that to you eleven fifteen at w-i-o-d if you talk in entertainment radio sixteen w-i-o-d
oh my god if you play hank over again i'm gonna fucking throw up
lady Diana Charles is the geek wonder how he'll manage to be the king we find it funny
we thought he was a judge do you think his mommy was a stuffy witch Charles and i did life
is like a circus suddenly tabloid show us dies no does then there's Charles for a certain
shock on 18 hey stupid his family jewels they sprawl lady Diana we have seen your breasts wonder how
they managed to see you a dread
see this royal crab is never ending when those divorce papers gonna come secret tapes and lovers are
intriguing but it's so much fun
oh lady Diana Charles is the geek wonder if you manage to be the king
so let me ask you this maybe we'll get a woman out there who'd like to do Alex Rodriguez
maybe we'll get a guy out there who would like anybody out there want to do a rod
we have an open line and day it's seven five one well that's what they call a man it's a rod he'd be
a rod what's wrong with that at least you can remember that because we got so many of these
Alex guys you know some of these picks with the same names it's a rod and a fur and uh whatever
here's pebbrook pine hello hello uncle niel yes sir yeah i have a little information for you on
Alex Rodriguez all right see how timely this is perfect i have a couple of his rookie cards um he's
born in New York city seven twenty seven nineteen seventy five seventy five so he's twenty uh one like
i said that's pretty good math right he bats right throws right he weighs 190 he six foot three
tall i can't believe you didn't give me any launch George that was very nice yes he's a lot taller
than i thought yeah being a shortstop you know and he hit three twelve in the minors with 24
homers he was drafted number one right and uh that's about it niel oh by the way he had three fifty
seven this year i think yeah i'm a batting championship he's phenomenal he's a great uh great
dealer he's a great hitter he's uh god power he's uh he's whatever you he's fantastic i really
i really want every kid who's into anything and his sports at all in this town should have Alex
Rodriguez's a role model well i'm about your age uh i probably enjoy it more than the kids
i tried run and run it's terrible sorry deal you're still god and you always woke up but you don't
drive a pickup truck or a Jeep car i don't i drive an old continental oh not a jukenoo watch yourself
i do you say that okay i'll see in sunrise take it easy but so on so there's the info we got some
guy out there with some baseball cards on Alex Rodriguez and let me say it again like Don
sure it would say all you kids out there you want somebody to look up to here's a kid okay never
stole a freight train doesn't act like some kind of a jerk out there in a field he goes out there
and does the job with his bat with his glove and with his thing and that's it so if you want to follow
if you want to look up to something look up to a rod and then stand up straight and be a man
here's a bokeh hello like i said bokeh hello hello yes sir what's it got man that last guy talking
run and run make rick look like uh i mean crap you know ricks uh i wouldn't forget it i don't
want i want you to say what's on your mind it doesn't get to rick very upset see i want
you to listen rick and suds are going to do great in the afternoon i predicted that and i'm
positive of it they're going to do much better than they did in the morning but i think that rick
needs to understand and i'm sure he realizes this in the back of his mind that they've got like a new
honeymoon period see because when you see the problem i got is i'm where i've always been in other
words i don't have to not like i'm leaving or i'm coming back at a different time i'm just here
like i always for a hundred years okay but now they're going in the afternoon so it's like they got
a whole new honeymoon hey welcome back to the afternoon this is number 422 checking back in and this
is going to go on for a few days and then after that it's like uh okay now what do we do now
see what i'm saying i really didn't like run and run that much before but now they're not that
bad actually considering what i heard to pass a couple of years of morning on iod but um no
there let me just say this to and again setting aside what i enjoy or what i like right that show
is going to do great on that i don't drive a retruck either man i'm just telling you run and run
are going to have a big number on this station but i know that rick and suds are going to have a
big number in the afternoon in fact i believe i really do i believe rick and suds will have bigger
numbers in the afternoon and then filled it and i'm not i'm not making a comparison with the
talent because you know why would i do that but i'm just telling you they well i think they will
do better i think that they appeal to a much broader group of uh smerrels out there and uh whatever
they do it will definitely appeal to the intelligence we have down here right there's no question
about that well don't so let me ask you this don't you think that if there's going to be a show that's
on statewide that run and run is the perfect one for that all the same rick and suds too and rick and suds
anyway i got the information on the cable okay i called sports channel because i'm very good
i was very concerned and you want to be yeah and i was and i'm really concerned why they're not
giving me no info it's really pork and my i called i called them directly so here's a scoop
only tci you got to do the only people have to worry about it right and i talked them and they said
every other channel is going to put like a bulletin on the bottom your cable information station
the morning of the Saturday morning yeah right and they're going to tell you what to do and where to
look where to go yeah i mean no problem you but what about the small dish well i i was i almost bought
one i found out they're going to you know keep it out of the but see some people that's why i had to
find out what i'm concerned about though is some people did go out and buy the small dish yeah because
they were told and this is the information i was given that they would definitely be on direct
TV and time for the opening of the season and now here we are a couple of days ahead of it and
uh... we're still up in the air so to speak you got to imagine they would be on there though if
it's a problem fly anyone that's the group of the best of interest yeah so and everyone else would
be psychotic i hope you're right yeah i wouldn't worry about it okay pal
it's a pretty easy i thanks for the info back to you okay there's a guy with some good news just
sit back and relax okay take a deep breath swallow a couple of good uh... perketeens or something
and just calm down it'll be there it'll be there trust us okay and if it's not there then we'll
have like riots in the streets and people we can take all our rats out there and start throwing
them at the at the cable people speaking of rats it's eleven twenty six and w i o d
it talking entertainment radio six ten w i o d
no
tonight on the forks network it's star neck the neck generation star date twenty twenty
twenty plus twelve minus three well i tell you i noticed the crew of the dinner time looked
a little down at the mouth i think they're feeling homesick for the hills of planet earth
so we're gonna have a said good old get down and hoon holler wing game we're roasting camp out
on remiss aren't that a planet here in vector dd7 captain slim t jerk Roger well-coated for over and out
sing around the camp far join the camp far next
whoo damn it captain pick cards
that's a matter of friendship it'll pick and always have to pick like that but all i got
to him fingers pick another go k how many dogs is everybody well hey i can eat six winners
and captain i'm uh picking up a life form on my cvr it seems to be coming from that way
it's not a passion martian melon everybody sets their days or guns to stupid we need to use extreme
costume now i tell you all look at this thing it looks like a cross between the blue lizard my double
cushioned bobble clinton day he's ugly what is that time he's carrying looks like some sort of
mutated get fiddle don't shoot i just want to jam hey captain pick card can i sit in and pick a
lot of was yet well sir son you're leading all fall okay i call this when the remiss crater
break down here we go one two one sixty four
kick it boys don't miss a moment of excitement on the next star neck the neck generation
only on the fourx network no
eleven thirty two a w i o d boy if i had a dollar for every trailer park in this country
i wouldn't have to be sitting here right now tell you that we got an open line in day
it's seven five one nine four six three seven five one w i d and of course if we didn't have so many
trailer parks jenny johns would be in big trouble and over two and we have an open line on a green
line one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three you know i've come to the conclusion after
Monday that was just uh... that was an aberration that will never happen again so i just say screw the
women and most of the people in george is not in this head right now most of the people saying all right
so just groom here's a parkland hello and ill yes sir
is my problem with the reberto alamar situation yes
players managers and umpires have been screaming at the center of each other and arguing for the last
hundred and twenty five years and squirting tobacco choose these others face you know they uh... they
scream the c sucker word and the mother effort word left or right right i mean they umpires here
from the players and managers all the time yeah what happened first of all was a terrible call the
pictures way outside right walk to the dugout apparently with some more stuff said from the dugout
and then the umpire turned around and threw them out right now where alamar and johnson came running
out you can read alabar's alamars lips he's like saying for what for what like i'm out of the
right right baby johnson tried to separate the two and he was you know i'm surprised
you have it is skin care fall off his body and he couldn't be very effective but i'm saying that if
if her spec who by the way i don't know that much about him i don't he doesn't have a reputation
like that pain in the ass joe west or uh angel her nandas joe west angel her nandas got andrei
dot in thoughts out of a game this year right i remember that these guys are baiting umpires all right
her spec i don't know that he is so i'm saying if he said something that derogatory to alamari
whether it be a racist comment or you know anything really that bad johnson was right there don't
you think john should be jumping up and down screaming in defense of alamar that you know he was
justified and spitting in this guy's face i mean i don't know that i've ever seen any umpire any
manager a player spitting a face before yeah and if he supposedly did say something that derogatory
to bait him johnson certainly would have heard it because he was right there yeah and i haven't
heard him react at all as far as in defense of alamar you know saying that he was justified in spitting
so he's not going to say he was justified in spitting he's not going to say that he can't do that
and and i'm not saying he was justified i never said that right i'm saying that they were both
wrong and that the thing with the umpires precipitating these uh these things is not acceptable
yeah they're they had these guys have to be unequal footing i mean the umpires got to be in
control to a point but the players also have to have some recourse if the umpires are going to
you know keep taunting them and baiting them right and like i told the other guy you know in a hockey
game once the last time you're somebody complain that somebody spitting their face now i i'll agree
with that i just don't i mean umpires again have baited players before um i mean if he i've never
again i've never seen anybody spitting an umpires face before no i haven't either but but let me
let me ask you something like Zimmer and uh in the old days Eddie stanky and derogia and all these
guys a lot of me used to choke to tobacco right don't you think that these guys were like put you
know spurtin like tobacco juice i mean the screaming and yelling uh i did this thing about i think
the most interesting thing about this whole thing is the way that people interpret spitting in some
a man spitting in another man's face and to me i mean you know maybe because i look at it from a
different perspective but uh you know is that the end of the world that's pretty disgusting though
you know it just it's just nasty i mean that's what rucker hower said you know i don't have anybody
spitting in your face obviously that's what rucker hower said at the end of the hitter and unfortunately
it happened just you know the thing is if this was still a regular season if you were midway
through the season maybe almar would be sat down for ten or twelve games right that would be
it but because you know if he's stupid enough to do this on the eve of his team making the playoffs
and his suspensions are going to affect now so in other words you think that in the in the middle of
a heated argument like that somebody is thinking that clearly that uh well uh we're going into the
playoffs that better not do i mean it i mean it obviously happened just spontaneously he lost it i
mean he just went ballistic for whatever reason which doesn't make it right but it also doesn't
make right whatever precipitated it well didn't he rose get forty games several years back with the
date balloon that he pushed yeah okay and oh yeah and in pologne's book he'll he goes on
and tells you how i mean he really uh he came down on rose i mean if rose was safe by five feet
he was out right he would tell you a lot about the sun of a bitch umpires that were out there
that's right uh so again the young pirates are not blamed but i think this just this is this is
so this is the first time and i i think it's pretty disgusting but uh you know if we can debate it
in our area just say goodbye to j randolph that's all i say and a couple of points concerning that
yes uh Joe angel he's okay the thing that bothers me is he'll be he'll be broadcasting the game be
speaking perfect unbroken english and then you know there's a ground ball to areas those over
the first of covenees out that brings up a lot better for a lot better yeah well he he tried
i think that's part of the stick again and that's the thing i don't like about you i i still say he's
the most frustrating broadcasts i've ever heard because he could be great but he wants to be john
Miller he wants to be a comedian he's a john Miller clone yeah and the effective tone in his voice
right marlin's when say you know i i just i don't i'm not into fake excitement i've been listening
to baseball for forty some years now and i never remember any announcer's doing fake excitement i
either it's exciting or it's not there's a lot to be said for fake excitement sometimes
yeah but not a ball game and closing yes page three a in the sun setting i'm sure you have it
nearby yes i do you call the call yesterday about the angels the california angels kicking people off
a plane to plan had to turn around and pick up the angels right that passenger's grounded by angels
and right here in merco west flight five forty two that's some and then go to the bottom of the page
bottom left honors students suspended yeah uh thirteen year old honors student who borrowed some
might off from a friend was suspended for ten days in order to undergrow a drug evaluation
for a barring might all Erica Taylor never even used the over the counter pills which are taking
over the cramps headaches and other symptoms but she was in possession of might all thank god she
had that not a gun or is it the other way around private the same town at that six year old got
suspended for kissing the girl on the cheek there you go have a great day part see you now who
the hell could this be good morning understand you're looking for me yeah we're looking for your
rimmer well david niel said he came into the rink he says uh... you better call nilly's been talking
about you for the last half hour yeah so i'm talking about you i've been wondering inquiring
minds would like to know yeah about this sports channel business and there are a lot of people
getting real nervous now i did have a call a couple of minutes ago from a guy who called sports
channel i remember you introduced me at the game to the guy from sports channel vice president
general manager rich Bradley right and he he said he loves me and he appreciates all the publicity
i've given them in the games being on sports and well that's great but at the same time you know i would
see unlike some people in this business i'm a credibility is important to me if i'm ever going to
like having income credibility is important so i don't like coming on here and giving out information
and then find you that well maybe it's true and maybe it's not so i'm trying to get the story behind
the story is when saturday comes where is this sports channel going to be and who's going to get
it mullio as i said the last time i was in your studio that uh... continental
but delphi comcast and jones will all be on the system
by saturday right after rich Bradley this morning and by the way uh... have george check the
fax machine he is faxing over a letter that was written by an attorney that deals with his whole t
c i s sports channel situation
but anyway i already got that i got a copy of it okay got already that quick
that quick no yes today i got it from somebody else okay so tom thanks but i'm way ahead of
all right well anyway uh... rich Bradley tells me this morning that uh... all
for those systems and four or five overall here in south florida will be up and operating one of
the systems uh... has already uh... started carrying sports channel and i don't know which one of
the four it is but they'll all be up by midnight
friday or saturday morning right and uh... as far as direct tv is concerned and i and i
christm on that this morning as well he's very optimistic
that there'll be a deal with direct t v now the problem is in you know better than
anybody is they've got to find a channel for sports channel
so the direct t v people are working on it right now and the hope is they will
have it up by saturday but uh... there is a a chance they won't be able to get that
done by saturday but it might be early next week before sports channels on direct
but the bottom line is that uh... everybody will be on board except for t c i
yeah
so t c i is uh... doing the job well i mean uh... i think everybody knows and you've
talked about it at length here over the last several weeks and that is that t c i
is a majority owner of uh... sunshine network they also manage the network and uh...
what they're doing basically is punishing uh... the sports fans here in south florida
and uh... not punishing uh... sports channel which i guess is the attempt here but
they're really punishing uh... their own
customers and consumers
okay so anything else new rimmer
anything else new yeah not to my knowledge
yeah not to my knowledge giving you that opportunity i'm giving you that window
of opportunity now to uh... lay on us anything you'd like well i uh... i think i've
got to do it face-to-face
face-to-face with who what do you later on later on this week uh... well we're
pretty good idea what's going on yeah
and uh... which what what does that mean i'll be in a better position to uh...
and be more prepared to talk
you know what i'm talking about yeah yeah
yeah so limba saw that we do know that limbaugh starts monday on wionc we do know that
yeah i uh... i heard that this morning listening to your show right on my way here
to the right it's in the heralds so must be true
and it wasn't written by bary jackson so there's a chance it might be accurate and
wasn't fed by somebody that's trying to misinform him
well i don't know what uh... what the story is there but uh...
yeah uh... all i can say at this point and rase shepard out for one to three
weeks with a separated shoulder which uh... really upset to your about that
well not as upset as dog mcclean is uh... i mean after all the panthers open up
Saturday here and they're looking to increase the scoring from last year and
starting the season with rase shepard but he was hurt and hamilton last week and
it's really a case of how much pain rake and play with if you remember in the
playoffs he separated his other shoulder and was expected to miss two or three
weeks and was back in a couple of games and that's all the pain threshold thing
with rase he was here early on this morning getting treatment and uh... he
wants to play as early as possible definitely out this weekend knowing rake i
wouldn't be surprised to him try to make an attempt to play next to the in the
home opener but barring that certainly by the end of next week i heard christ
draper said they wish is not a cloudly would have spittness face instead
yeah i bet yeah i bet and listen uh... if you look at the video i'd love to talk
about my orals yeah if you'd look at the video you can see
the umpire her spec
dating alamar right i mean you could just see it there's obviously some
expletives that went back and forth and you can't read
uh... her spec slips but you get the idea looking at alamar that her spec was
baiting them and as you know i cover the american league for ten years in
ball the more with the orals and i saw on a regular base uh... basis in fact one
of the umpires a shylock who's working that the american championship uh...
series or preliminary series the visual series
a shylock is in ball the more he's one of the worst guys at dating players yeah
and alamar is not and i know reberto alamar very well from covering the
blue jays and the orals in all those years reberto alamar is not a hothead
he's a very low key individual and he just snap now there was some problems
previously with the two but i agree with you wholeheartedly that while the act
was not right
i mean obviously alamar uh... something snap there and something had to be
said between the two
there'll be a hearing obviously uh... later on this week and uh... i would
think that part of the suspension make on later on in the series but will be
a more point of all the more wins again today and like i said cloud let me get
two games for nearly killing a guy in the people all over the american like
up in arms about reberto alamar i've seen where the way i've seen worse on a
baseball diamond i've seen her a weaver
lose it with umpires before and they get a one or two game of suspension
in the slap on the wrist reberto alamar's a class you play or maybe not
class you know this situation and something should happen but the umpires have
got to be dealt with to you know better than anybody watching all these sports
i mean how many times if you see officials in the n h l
uh... at times paid players
all the world famous for it
all-stored is the worst okay got to go rumour
alright but see you later
okay there's the latest poop on sports channel we have an open line and day
we got to and brown or five two four nine four six three one on a green line
and eleven forty four
at w i o d lorenzo's in north mommy beach on a corner of a hundred sixty-third
and dixie highway and bed and bob's in the indian trade shopping center
in weston they continue the big forty-fifth anniversary sale let's go on as i
speak and will continue going on right through to the second annual a
terrible italian heritage festival november first through third so right now
at lorenzo's prime rib veal chops are eight ninety nine a pound leg veal cutlets
ten ninety nine a pound try the peter louver steaksaw's the best in the world
trust me only four ninety nine this Thursday through saturday fresh red
snapper for laser only eight ninety nine a pound delicious fresh poached salmon
with dill sauce ten ninety nine a pound imported prosciutto six ninety nine
four half pound and just arrived at lorenzo's posh to grill homemade
California red wine a one point five liter bottle six ninety nine over at
bed and bob's in weston pick up florida juus orange is eight for a buck and
you'll find lots of great seafood at bed and bob's two oven ready flounder three
ninety nine a pound swordfish steaks nine ninety nine a pound farm raised main
muscles ninety nine cents a pound it's the big one and it continues right now the
forty fifth anniversary sale at lorenzo's Italian center in north mime beach and
venen bob's fresh seafood and produce in weston
talking entertainment radio six ten w i o d
where the hell the soup asshole out ten forty eight a w i d so George commits the
ultimate uh snub today he orders food from raised up the street and doesn't
the course acts and I see the young lady come in here and bring them a big
bunch of free crap and so now he's another one on a power trip just like John
Hershback it's Wednesday just like John Hershback George exactly
there you go you and Rutger howard and uh... uh... what's going on mommy's
today i'm not going to mommy's i'm not in the mood to go to mommy's okay i've had
enough of psychotherapy for one week another so rumor continues killing our
people in broward i guess they don't mind of anywhere else but broward they hate
him
i had like air v line on his board that all morning not just now but all morning
he comes on here with some uh... kind of mambie bambi information there
and like broward you can watch them dropping off like they're having a
uh... uh... a rumor attack
god five two four nine four six three five two four w i d the coast is clear okay
here's a mobile in the gables hello yes sir
how you doing today mr. nirajan
uh... when they make a comment about the run and run show and uh... the change
you guys had yes sir
uh... okay uh... far from run i mean between that and rick and sudd i see no
difference or both about the same entertainment to me in the morning maybe
because i'm not that walking up yeah and uh... so maybe you're just easy
there you go i'm easy going but i'm telling you rick and sudd i have to do
you're definitely right there much more energetic it's a total like that
they're awake i told you that i told you that was going to be better in the
afternoon they're not a their morning show is uh... trust me
i mean even he's even more sick skinned in the afternoon he's even got a
sense of the way to get matter at all time just wait
uh...
uh... far as far as rimmer yeah i like rimmer and everything but it just seems
that the only way the man has a perv of his one of the with you on the show
you need to get the hold your hand for him to get pissed off and
what when did he ever get pissed off on issue i've given him every opportunity i
encourage him to strike back
and jorge has made a good comment during the break the one thing the people in this
market are conditioned to
is people with balls they if they perceive that somebody is like a weasel in
around if they perceive that somebody doesn't have the co-hands to come on in the
tell it like it is or strike back and defend themselves they they don't respect
that they they get very nervous about that they don't like being weasel around
it really does a job i mean he he does a lot of research and he does a job real
good but i mean he just got a stand-up you know i mean the first and go but i mean
a guy a jerk yeah i mean i got to i mean he just screams a lot you know he
thinks he knows a lot i mean he knows some things i mean i think rimmer if he
had the chance he could be the way he researches stuff he could do a lot better
job but i mean he got a butch up man i mean and he i mean he just can't be holding your hand
i told this man that every day when he calls seven eight ten times a day when i'm in
home i've told him that eight million times you got to grow up here you got to butch up you got
to stick up for yourself i can't fight in the whole world's battles for him you know i mean i made
a bad mistake i think yesterday by trying to fight his battle for him i just give him another
opportunity here and well maybe by later in a week they'll start growing he took some of my
medication he's ho he's checking every a few minutes see if there's any fuzz or anything growing
and if anything happens he might come on a year and grow up here all right you all let
you guys go go on with your show and enjoy listening to every day have a great day i mean
oh one thing more see one thing i do like about you yeah my favorite thing i look the way you get
worked up to a friend you know all of a sudden you'll just change stones and do your promo like
nothing i would you wouldn't like you weren't even mad there you go i love it i have every
life he must have seen that check i got for one day we have an open line in day now let's let's
not go through this again because we've had a still our morning here today i mean yesterday was
one of the were seriously i can't i couldn't get over yesterday couldn't get over yesterday even
as long as i've been on the year in this market i couldn't get over the indifference especially
after monday after the tremendous the women the men the old the young the in between the phenomenal
response and then yesterday man it was like we could have brought up every topic that's ever been
in the history mankind serious light idiotic moronic and it made no difference and if you guys
are going to play that game again today it's going to be i think a two hour show sounds good to me
two hours is plenty two open lines in broward let's go here five two four nine four six three if
Rick Riley can get phone calls then godly knows i should don't take that personal rick how about we
start giving out numbers five two four nine four six three and broward and we have an open line
on a green line and what are we going to do about some food in here huh what are we going to get
in here for a forced starving old you what crystal come back you want your weenies i don't want
the weenies okay i got enough weenies out there five two four w i o d come on let's check let's
see if we can get those going i love that here in the beginning of rick yesterday let's check and see
if we can get all these people check it in here come on five two four we're putting a clock to it
okay like i said two hours sounds real good to me
