Why there you best digs
That's real
Rogers is like a boy guy
He's foreign
A. P. S. to the swish and decide
Smoke a good stove and ride around in the vet
You got a radio show you just for the chat
Happy anniversary to me
The only thing in this town that's real
is the sound of the wind
The only fall is the smile around
Just to hear that famous farting sound
The only act can't die
Take the bread off your sandwich
And like a bonus, it's to marry Mandage
Me, Rogers, you're the best
Oh
You really put my hand me to the test
Me, Rogers, always good to know you're there
Me, Rogers, you're a blind guy, it's too late
Me, Rogers, the only thing I miss when I go
I went away for a week and decided to have fun and blows
But happy anniversary, Neil always loves your show
Yeah
Well, there she is
Hi, sweetheart
Happy anniversary
Thanks, Randy
That's amazing
Is this Randy Roach or Ellie Brecker?
Come on
Tell me the real story
She loved you
Tell me what the two of you have gone
Well, you know, I thought it was time she should do the story
She, you know, she just, she loves you, what can I tell you?
I know that, but she loves my mom's Mondel bread better
Now she likes the strutal
And the strutal
Yeah, she was big into Millie, she really was
Yeah
I think she's gonna write a book about her
No, Millie's gonna write a book about her
She's touching already
Wow, why did she write this?
And I didn't say that, and she made me sound like an old bitch
And I said, yeah
Oh, come on, I thought that was a nice little touch then
Yeah, a little touch
Yeah, so how you doing up there, boy, Gary, by the way, called me yesterday
And he said, tell Randy, don't worry about making that video
Because she won't be here anyway
Is it my life a living hell?
Boy, oh boy, what comes around, that goes around
Is he really coming back?
Huh?
There?
Talk to you, Daly, he's got nothing to lose
Let me put it that way
No, seriously, is he gonna really
That's what I got to tell you
Oh, okay
And I'm saying?
Yeah
Okay, whatever you say
So, talk to you, Daly, I'll tell you every day
Well, I'm sure glad they put that ravishing picture of you in my article there, that was lovely
Did you get that?
Did I get what?
Well, I said to you
About what?
About people were calling me going, I can't tell if you like him or not
And I said, I love him
Yeah
But what was that about the ticket taker at Neverland?
What the hell was that?
And why some kind of a child molester now or what?
What does that mean?
It meant that I know how you feel about religion
I said you had a lucrative career as a televanjulist, right?
Yeah
Because you love religion
And that, and I also know how you feel about little Mikey there
Also, I thought that you would get it
I got that
Whatever you say, okay
We're still trying to figure it out
Well, whatever
So when are you gonna go to Vegas, take little more green there with ya
Yeah
Give him a little massage
You know, I'm talking about it
And I'll come back and give you some night numbers
He's not going with us
Huh?
He's not going
No, take him there, put him on the little bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
I'm not gonna put him on the bike
There you go, Randy Rhodes
Noon to 3WJNO, 1230 on your AM dial
Let's promote everybody else's show
That's one thing I've always done for years
I'm not paranoid like those little butt suckers
Over there at QAM who dump everybody else's name
Because they're a bunch of paranoid little torps
What are they worried about?
They've been sold anyway
So what are they worried about?
What are they got to lose?
In fact, if they would start mentioning our names
They might get an audience over there, but I doubt it
Look at this, this is beautiful
It's a picture of a hippopotamus
And it says no solomente Hank Goldberg
Tom Biennes and the hippopotamus
You see that? That's cute
And that's Baniolnolus
And by the way, if you're going by the airport
Oh, I'm sorry
Look at all these cute faxes
There's one from my dentist, thanks Gary
And it was one here from Mark Tadino
Now there's a guy
If we can't get JC in here, how about Mark Tadino
Let's see what he's got
I love you Mark
Man, why ever
Well, more so years ago
All kinds of good stuff in here
Thanks to Sarah inside the building
They got balloons
They got a big thing on here
The only problem is you know Norberto
Who just came off the banana boat 20 or 30 years ago
They haven't always put up the marquee signs in front
And I drive up to work this morning
It says, Neil, thanks for 20 years of
And it's supposed to say
Oy
And he put a J in front of the
Oy
How do you like that?
Because the Cubans, the Hispanics, they don't pronounce the J, it's always silent
Isn't that what it was supposed to say?
Thanks for 20 years of
Oy
But hey
So that's cute
Thanks to everybody
Thanks Sarah
What she just saying
She said blow it out your ass
Probably
Something like that
Now it's cute
We got balloons
We got the helium ones which are my taking out their head of that little one
Bob Green is in there all turned up
Which means he's probably playing celebrity golf again out there
And here we are
20 years later
You'll never make it six months in his town, man
You'll never make it six months
Let me say it again
That man is dead, dead, dead
It gives me so much joy to know that
That collar, that particular one, along with many others by the way from the K-18 days
But that one in particular, you know he's dead
There's not even a little tiny bit of flesh left on those bones
Even the worms are ignoring him now
How do you like that?
Even the worst maggots and faggots are ignoring his little bony ass
Because there's nothing left, not even a strip of flesh
He's dead!
And I'm still here 20 years later
How do you like that?
Unbelievable
So this is really a very emotional day
And if you believe that
I told you if you just pump this, if you start about six months ahead, it's kind of like our vagus trip
We've started many, many months ahead
And you really just pump it and pump it and pump it and push it and plug it
And look at those brow lines going out there and I was we speak
That's okay
That lucky pitamizes what I was saying yesterday, that's like part of it
And by the way, how about that game last night, huh?
That was pretty weak
Pretty bad officiating
Pretty weak effort all the way around it was ponderous
If that game could have gotten any longer, I would just be coming in from the game right now
That was the slowest the most monotonous in addition to a just deadhead crowd with about 2500 empty seats
It was one of those things
We'll take the point though, thank you
That's alright
1013 at WIOD
The thrill is gone!
If you haven't been listening to Defoe's new Saturday morning show
You've missed BBK
You missed Jessica Geary
You missed the morning after with Jeff DeForest
6 to 9 a.m. Saturdays
On news, talk and entertain McRadio
610 WIOD
1017
1017
1017
1017
1017
1017
1017
1017
1017
1017
1017
1017
1017
1119
917
1441
1611
1611
1611
1611
1611
1611
Oh my God!
You know, and I just heard you just been saying wonderful things about me.
I haven't heard them myself.
Oh thank God for that.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
Uh oh.
It's like when you know how any have a bird call.
No seriously, you know how you have a bird call and then all of a sudden the bird shows
up.
It flies out in a way.
It just flies in the woods.
It lands on your arm on your sleeve and then drops a little number on you.
How you been Glenn?
Well I feel pretty good.
Yeah, you look pretty good.
You look older like all the rest of us but generally the same.
I got too much sun.
I went swimming the other day but it was wonderful.
So it's so amazing to be down here in South Florida.
Well, I must tell you, I was a...
This can't be happening.
Driving down.
I had some business to do in Fort Loderdice day so I'm driving down to Miami and I'm on
the 70 and I should be cause we had it was hot yesterday.
Let me ask you, you do traffic?
It was hot yesterday and so I was thirsty and I just flew into Flores to get something
to drink.
Yeah.
I saw Flores.
That's the place you need to go.
Now when was this?
Yesterday afternoon.
You came in yesterday?
Uh huh.
And I walked up to the guy standing and walked up to the guy behind the counter and he
looks at me and he says, you're Glenn, aren't you?
I said, wow.
He says, I heard your cackle today on Neil's show.
I don't know if that was the one or not.
He's like every other bird.
He leaves his trademark behind like I said on your sleeve.
Do you know what the significance of yesterday?
Are you showing up in town yesterday?
Sonny's market reopened yesterday after a lot of high years.
I thought I didn't know it had been closed.
Sonny has reopened.
I have questions about this.
I want you to answer my questions.
I have about this town.
What happened to the television stations?
I turned on the cable last night.
I don't understand.
NBC is on six.
Yeah.
We were the weatherman is on four.
Brian Norcross, the weather fairy is the news fairy now.
Izzy.
What's going on?
Oh, Izzy is my painter.
How come we were the weatherman and Bob Mayor on six?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And how come Kelly Craig blew up like a bullfrog?
What's going on?
Have you seen her lately?
Kelly Craig, my good close.
You remember Kelly?
Oh, your good close personal friend Kelly loves me.
Why does she hate you?
I always knew I liked her for some reason.
No, seriously, it looks like somebody stuck a bicycle pump
up a rass and blew her up about 30 pounds.
Come on, Kelly, get on an egg in sweetheart.
When did the stations change again?
By the way, how slim I am.
Yes, you are.
Not slim, but comparatively.
Relatively?
Yeah, relatively to the fat old slime that you were.
Well, that's because I stopped eating all those meals
every day where you used to eat.
Oh.
I didn't come to eat lunch.
Oh, well, yeah, well, well, yeah.
Well, that's not the reason I came.
Anyway, I saw the Sun Sentinel article of Symbolca yesterday.
Yeah.
I saw the Sun Sentinel article very nice.
I read it.
You read Boka for what?
I had to see some people in Boka.
Yeah.
And I picked up the paper and I was looking at the article.
I was like, Gary.
No.
And I, and I saw that's the story.
Glenn's going to be doing a JNO.
That's what it is.
And I saw, and I saw my name in the paper.
I thought that was very nice.
I come to town and they put my name in the paper.
And I love.
I wonder who card of that up.
You know, it's nice and tight that is.
Neil comments on his colleagues.
And then this colleagues comment on Neil
and this great quote from Larry King.
I must say that quote was wonderful.
What did it say?
Neil is the worst.
No, he said, I just Larry King.
And they don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
That's right.
Yeah, I remember.
Yeah.
Why are they right at the end?
He said, don't be 50 dollars.
Well, oh, geez.
Did you hear that in stereo?
Larry King was on Letterman a couple of weeks ago.
This is the most shocking moment of my life.
And they showed a picture.
They took out a picture of Larry King taking at W-I-O-D
in 1963.
I must say frightening.
It was just.
And then they'll do it that.
Ha, ha.
So.
The worst talk radio I've ever heard in my life was on W-O-D.
The worst talk radio I've ever heard in my life was on W-O-D.
Yeah.
Come on, Larry.
Give us a call, will you?
I will, I give it to you.
OK.
I just, he's going to call in.
You mark my words.
He will be calling in.
I'd say he's here.
Oh, here's Brett with a whole bunch of stuff.
I wonder if he's got JC locked up inside of that thing.
Can we give another guest for you?
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
Tom Chica, look how fat he got.
How are you doing, Tom?
He's not on the Atkins.
Pull up a seat down here.
Sit down for a second.
We'll see if we can get another lawsuit going.
So look at this.
They're all showing up today.
I wouldn't be surprised if Madeline Muriel
hair shows up, which we'll have to order a double lunch.
Well, we'll pray that she comes.
This is quite a...
All right.
Who do we pray to?
Can you believe that?
No, I was surprised coming in.
Surprise.
I'm surprised to see you.
Well, I guess this is a day of surprises.
This is a day of surprise.
Day of total shock.
Almost as shocking as the fact Melissa said,
nice things about me in your newspaper.
I'm nice and nice to meet you.
She loves me.
She does.
She's a nice person.
Yeah, and nice to see you.
And if you just get away from that, God damn super, Dave, man.
That guy.
Do you know that she's a pompano almost every night?
Yeah, I know that.
And by the way, I see that horse that they gave us last week.
Thank God I left early.
I wonder about that.
I said, don't give Neil a horse if you lose your...
Yeah, if you're still running.
Wally is still whipping and hitting me still running.
I spelled my name wrong, Tom, but I still pray.
Oh, well.
You put it in the pit.
No, I come to town.
My name's in your paper, you know?
That's pretty neat.
Not everybody could do that.
He hasn't lost it, folks.
He still hasn't lost it.
All right, let's do a break.
We'll come back to the Glen Hill Polka show.
I have that in there, by the way.
I do have the Glen Hill Polka, which I'm sure you haven't heard in many years.
Any, any, it's in there.
1023 at WIOD.
Use talking entertainment radio.
610, WIOD.
He'll Roger Scott.
Look at that.
I don't even know what I'm doing anymore.
I'm just totally, uh...
If you miss the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 610 WIOD, you missed this.
Is this the bird?
Yeah.
Bird, how you doing?
OK.
Listen, do me a favor, play anything, because I can't stand listening to you.
You sound like a douchebag.
Do what?
Just do me a favor, play anything.
Well, can I ask you a question before you go?
Oh, God, you sound so stupid.
I hate to talk to you.
Yeah, go ahead.
Why did you call me?
I didn't call you.
No, no, just to tell you not to say anything.
Just play something.
Oh, God can't stand it.
Well, then why are you listening?
Ah, play something already.
Why won't you answer my...
Oh, God, stand it.
You won't...
See, he won't talk to me.
Oh, we got a car here.
Hello.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Well, that's your brain's back.
Some great memories, don't it?
Sure does.
Now, did you say to the bird, let's do that to you all over again.
Let's recreate that.
I wonder if Joey's going to show up here today.
I have my nose up, Neil's ass.
Wouldn't that be something for my 2010 anniversary?
The only thing that would be a big surprise if that guy showed up.
Brian.
Yeah.
Brian was a stooping over a little while.
We had to stand him up straight again.
Brian's a little stooped, but that's where it goes.
Now, Joey is doing an overnight...
Isn't that frightening, yeah?
From the way he sees it.
Nobody carries it down here, do they?
No, God, God, the...
No, he's out of the...
The way he goes, Stan.
Yeah.
He's out of W.O.R.
Now, does Stan...
He's out of W.O.R.
Yeah, that was from A.B.C.
No, it's O.R.
Oh, I don't wonder.
It's like the one you're on after before Arlene Francis.
He's on like one to five in the morning.
And does Stan do his show out of his house?
No, that's like out of an orifice.
Oh!
Literally.
Yeah, somewhere in Carl Springs, I think.
Yeah.
And he's got some other ultra right wing Nazi on there,
doing some other show out of that same studio.
Oh, yeah?
So, listen, but now I know it.
I'm ahead of you guys.
Stan's coming in today with a two grand.
All right.
I know it.
I knew he was just waiting for the appropriate day.
Thank God, Stan's asleep as we speak.
And by the way, of people who are like down and out
of their luck, you know our good friend, Captain Dave?
Yeah, where is he?
He hasn't called you?
Can you believe it?
I heard he was in the house.
Well, I know your number.
You heard what he's in town?
California.
California.
And he called about two weeks ago on year one day
and just out of the blue and talking about his struggling
non-careers and actor and seeking his fortune
and all this other.
And I just had a premonition that because he was calling
on year that I might just get a call at home.
And sure enough, I got home and there was a desperate call
on my machine.
What do you think he wanted?
He was sending money.
Well, I see you say that.
It sounds so insensitive.
He said, don't be 50 dollars.
Yeah.
And it was, we have another gas.
And I said, I've had so many bad experiences.
All I can say is, no.
Henry Barrow is here with a little something
with a bottle of booze.
You notice how he keeps the decanter with him
at all times?
Oh my God.
Henry, how you doing?
That was a quick, were you really over there?
My, my, my, my, my, my, was on a phone.
It was that just a taste.
Thanks for ever to get that taste and smell out of your system.
Unbelievable.
The great Henry Barrow who has an age of 20 years.
30 years since he got out of here.
Is back.
That's right.
Yeah.
I'm great.
So you're doing the dolphin games this year again, huh?
Oh, really?
Back on the sideline.
Yeah.
That's the room with that I hear.
I hear they're going to Waxie.
I just want to run here.
I said in Henry Barrow.
That'd be good because they hate us like poison.
Wake us up once in a while.
Yeah.
So now let's see.
Are you and Mikey both drinking out of that same flask
or is that just personal?
No, we have wine at nine every day.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
And why don't participate in that either?
It doesn't.
We have a separate bottle for you.
Yeah.
Good.
That's great.
He's probably going to call you again.
He's driving and listening right now.
Yeah.
Who's going to get out of the keys?
Michael or Harrison?
One of those guys.
One of those guys.
Well, that would be great.
Can you believe that he's here?
Yeah.
I heard that coming in.
It's shocking.
It's shocking.
Yeah.
Now who's bringing a food here by the way, George?
Is Flores coming by with about we have afforded for people bringing food today?
Oh, great.
I'm not touching any of it by the way.
I'll sit here and watch everybody eat.
You know, the thing you used to say the same thing 10 years ago.
Oh, thanks.
Henry just gave me one of those micro-neurysipositories.
That's a beautiful thing.
That's a little hand roll thing they did over time.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, I bet you they have a lot of hand roll things over there at Waxy.
Well, you're leaving?
A little while.
Oh, come here.
Yeah, we don't want to take away Tom's thunder here.
Tom is looking for an audience.
Yeah.
Are you liking semi-retermine now or what?
What are you talking about?
Oh, no, I'm in.
Three stars in the paper today.
I understand that, but it's just like you're like keeping a low profile.
It used to be all over the place.
No, I'm doing that show tonight.
Like I said, you're keeping a low profile.
Oh, you're filling in for Kaplan.
Don't you wish you were on a station?
No, where somebody could hear you at night?
Well, if you're east of 95, it's fine.
I like the way that Paxton has to have two stations.
Where are this, by the way?
The Paxton has got like the heat.
We're complaining they wanted to drop, but they wanted to get off the station
because they wouldn't put them on the light bulbs.
So now he's on FTL to cover Broward in I&Z to cover day.
Is Pete Bouldier on FTL?
Pete Bouldier is the PD of FTL.
Yeah.
He's gone from Zeta to I&Z to the light bulb.
And he's the program.
And I understand that they have an opening at Piper High next week at KPX.
I think it's a little too upscale for Pete.
Rose Folger.
Right.
It's the program director of FTL.
Correct.
Well, it's on now by Paxton Ones.
Paxton Ones.
Paxton Ones everything.
He owns like 500 radio stations.
Oh, yeah.
Up there too.
He just bought two from a Russ in the Oasis.
Russ keeps selling him straight.
He's gonna buy the pantas.
No, he's not.
Wayne will be the owner.
In fact, you should write that in the paper on Monday.
You should be the first guy.
Wayne will be the owner.
Take it to the bank.
What about that?
Million four.
He's losing a month.
I think Gary Batman is going to make him an offering.
Can't refuse.
I think the league may just subsidize a little bit of you.
Are you saying, see, I'm out of, I'm like from out of town.
I don't know what you people are talking about.
What do you mean from out of town?
Well, I don't live here anymore.
We were discussing just yesterday on this show.
The house they used to live in in the bird sanctuary around in Kendall.
Sunset.
Still standing.
And buy every day.
Do you?
Do you?
I heard you.
I heard you.
Well, kind of.
How do I put it?
How do I put it when we're on the air?
You got your dump button ready?
Do you go by and, you know, tinkle on the side?
No matter.
In fact, my mother was looking for an apartment in Jerusalem.
She was thinking of moving down and we stopped down.
I said, you know, you still live here and she said, who?
I said to Burr, she said, let's go somewhere else.
Ah!
I just noticed something.
Yeah.
I've been gone, what?
Three years.
Almost.
Is it three?
And I would have thought you would have gotten rid of Randy's chair here.
The one with all the stains on it.
Oh, that's a Randy's memorial chair.
It's still here.
And you'd be amazed at what other people have done on that sense.
Are you saying that dolphins are leaving IOD?
Is that what you've been doing?
We have one more year.
One more season.
And then you can bet your life that they're leaving.
You can go to the bank on it.
And you think they'll go to the, where do you think they'll go?
I don't know because it's okay.
You see, you see, easily just bought, you're out of the market.
You could easily just bought QAM and the kiss.
And they don't want QAM.
They want to sell it.
I would be surprised if Wayne buys QAM and puts all the sports on there.
Are you hearing that?
Yeah.
I'm hearing that.
It's all sports anyway, isn't it?
No.
Well, alleged besides Lordeislin bought all their 80-fend,
they sports paid an holiday with the station that quickly.
I mean, it was just bought by Beasley.
You're going to move it again that quickly.
Oh, sure.
Don't you know the way it is now?
Like, I see it.
It's like playing cards.
It's like a deck of cards.
This is getting like what's his name show?
The guy from Sanford.
Alex Bennett.
And look what happened to him.
Look what did for him, yeah.
Oh, you were already out of here when Alex Bennett came in.
You see, we did your real favor.
I met him.
Did you?
Oh, yeah.
How did you meet him?
Alex Bennett does that what you said?
Yeah.
Well, he came in, he tried out for that,
and he came in and did your show for a week while you were on vacation.
And I played sidekick.
Did you?
Yeah.
To Alex Bennett?
I swear to God, do you think I'll ever forget it?
You didn't hear it because you were out of town.
Then he got the afternoon show.
And I may have still been here then.
Live from beautiful North Bay Village,
where he was busted by the police department for being a told loser.
It's a salute to Alex Bennett.
The man who constantly exercised his neck by looking over his shoulder.
The man from California who didn't have a tan.
The man who founded Great Punta Rippers fellow workers.
But when ripped himself turned into a smithling, crying, complaining candy ass.
The man who finally showed some semblance of intelligence when he packed his bags
and got the hell out of town.
One of the few men who could actually go back to an old job in an old town,
telling old jokes and doing even older bits.
We salute you, Alex Bennett.
South Florida's never seen a bigger paranoid, a bigger backstabber, a bigger crybaby.
Alex Bennett, you're a complete asshole.
Oh.
I think that might have put him over the edge.
That's promo.
Yeah, that's him.
That's how I'm talking about it.
That's the one.
Well, look at that.
A bunch of cards.
Thank you, Brett.
Where's Jake C?
By the way.
He's probably hiding in a closet somewhere now.
Anyway, Henry, it's nice to see about it.
I thought it was one of the most tasteless things ever seen when you came into the news booth
this morning and said to Meribur.
I have just tasted your snapper.
I thought that was the most gross test tasteless thing.
So to speak, I was trying to think when was the first time I ever met you personally.
Yeah.
And I remembered it was at a Rod McHughan news conference I was sent to cover.
Right.
In which you stole the show.
I did.
Yeah.
By doing what?
He held a news conference before Rod McHughan.
Oh.
And chatted with everyone.
I don't even remember that.
By the time Rod McHughan came out, was during the...
A need of Ryan.
Ryan.
Oh.
When you know where it was, it was in that...
It's a fish market now up there on Biscayne.
That's where it was.
Oh, it is.
It's a fish market.
And we had rented that for the meetings of the Dade County fans and whatever it was.
Look at what?
That person standing there.
You know that person?
Suds.
I hadn't seen him in a long time.
Yeah.
It was just neat to see him.
Yeah.
That person.
There is.
That person there.
Adam and George and Tom and Dick and Harry.
There you go.
Oh, Tom and Dick are there.
Yeah.
At least Tom.
So anyway, 1037.
Let me do a little bit.
We got a lot of spots here.
Okay.
So don't just dummy up, Clint.
23 to 11 at WID.
What do you...
All over South Florida.
Baseball players are getting ready for the new season.
And so are we.
Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday.
March 5th, 6th and 7th.
Talk Marlins baseball with DFO and the Marlins live from spring training on news, talk and
entertain the radio.
610, W-I-O-D.
Yeah, you're right.
It was sad we missed the open at their two barns.
Calm down.
Stew a stick in the open at we should have won at game last night.
But hey, it's one of those things.
We had like two or three hundred people left by the end of the game.
You talk about people leaving early.
Oh, man.
Did they bail out of their last night?
I was about a three and a half hour game.
Huh.
Yeah.
And it was the longest man the officiating was the worst.
And they couldn't get their act together in the lines.
And they wanted to be the stars, not just the referee.
But the linesman wouldn't drop the guy, damn puck.
They would just stand there and like, uh, talk to players.
And then the players would get overanxious.
And then they threw him out of the face off circle.
And they would do it again and again and again.
And it just never stopped.
Well, if they build out in sunrise, you'll be able to look at home between periods and walk the dogs.
Right, exactly.
So anyway, I don't want to talk a bigger part.
I have no idea who that is.
Oh, where's the food?
Yeah, I didn't recognize them either.
Boy, I wouldn't have recognized you for all the teams.
I know.
I had no clue.
Is that incredible?
What is a new look?
Yeah.
I'm wanted in 17 states.
I had to grow up being stuck up.
Yeah, I can imagine that.
Too bad you're not wanted by 17 stations.
But the way it goes.
So you seem to start with that thing about the game because you know him.
I didn't say anything.
I know.
But I was wondering.
See, that's a good thing.
There's no room for your head on the table.
Because he used to put his head down on the table and give her a upset.
I just think...
Now the fact that you know there's four lunches coming in,
that probably makes you feel a little bit better.
Can I take like one or two of these calls?
I don't want to see him rude, but Miami, hello.
Yeah, I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm calling on behalf of the Spirit Restaurant to congratulate you on your 20 years of heart-yupin torture.
Thank you so much.
What restaurant is that?
The Spirit Restaurant.
The Spirit.
We would like to donate four tickets to the Grand Prix on...
for some lucky listener.
Yeah.
For today's race and tomorrow's race.
And how do they get them?
Well, they can come by the restaurant to the Spirit and pick it up.
And what do they do?
How many meals do they have to buy?
20 or 30?
None.
I bet she gets to give the address now, too.
Oh, of course.
Well, there's nothing like exploiting my anniversary to plug your restaurant.
What's wrong with that?
That's the epitome of this town.
That's what it's all about.
I like it.
Well, we...
I'm a first time caller.
And I've enjoyed your show for years and years.
Well, thank you so much.
Where is this joint?
I mean, where is this great establishment of yours?
Come on.
It's on 836 and the North-West 72nd Avenue.
My very own.
Right.
And Fat Rich knows all about it.
Oh, so Fat Rich puts you up to this, huh?
No, I know.
He didn't.
Sure he did.
You know, he's our computer expert.
Oh, that's what this is all about.
Okay.
That's why we're losing money.
Okay. Great, exactly.
Well, I'll give you some pointers on that later on.
Okay, pal.
Good luck to you.
All right.
Okay.
By the way, also anybody wants to drive by the airport
and see any of our friends over there?
What did you say all about that?
What is it?
What about the airport?
I'm sorry.
We have a bunch of...
They call themselves the Cuban youth,
not to be confused with the Buchanan youth.
Oh, boy.
But the Cuban youth,
and they decided that a good way to bring attention to the fact
that we had this unfortunate episode last weekend,
would be to drive very slowly all through the airport.
It might be international, like, yeah.
Just drive around very slowly.
At least it's not laying down in the streets, like we had the last time.
So this is a big improvement.
We're starting to move in the right direction.
I can't believe they're public relations.
Exactly.
How to win friends.
How to win over the community.
Sure understand how to win the rest of the community over to any cause
by getting in everybody's way and getting them pissed off and worked up.
It's only going to be 86 in the shade today.
People are going to be sweating and cursing.
It's the weekend.
They're trying to get out of town.
Trying to catch their plane.
And of course, that's the way.
Now, did you drive down here?
Did you fly in?
I drove down.
I drove down.
Yeah, I had some other stuff to do up in Palm Beach County.
Oh, you are going to J&O.
Good luck to you.
Nothing to do with radio.
So I thought I would do this too.
You're not going to J&O.
I thought that would have been the great coup that Boy Gary would have had
is to bring you on a rich area.
It's boy Gary there.
He's starting Monday morning.
He's going to be the beauty of it.
I did not.
And do the morning show.
What?
Yeah.
And the Gregory.
What is he going to do in the morning?
Suck.
And Gregory Benjamin.
What?
Now is moving over to the country.
Country club.
Country club.
Are you at my point for the time?
Of course, you know, that's the reason that nobody knows who you are anymore scholars
because you're always off mic anyway.
Yeah, well, I was just trying to, you know, shout through Tom Jikers head and go.
No, he's trying to do the Dave Capri to style.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right on the floor.
I know.
Who gets here to try it?
That's where you'll find out.
And then in about two weeks we'll get a call for you asking for money.
Now, wait a minute.
Yeah.
Gregory Benjamin is going to play country.
Is that what you're saying?
That's what I'm saying.
This is mine.
And the worst part of it is he finally found a nits theory.
He had like an eight share or something in the morning on J&O.
Yeah.
Only by default, I guess.
But he was doing well.
And now he's going over to the country because Gary Bruce is coming in.
Yeah.
And don't do that.
He can't stand the other assholes who are in management there with whom Gary Bruce will be there.
Is anybody supposed to be hearing you or what?
I'm speaking right into a damn microphone.
Yeah.
Well, it's not turned on.
Maybe that's why you're not on here anymore.
Maybe your voice just doesn't carry, you know?
Oh.
He's got the microphone all the way down his throat and he still can't hear him.
Just want to say that Gary Bruce will fit in perfectly with the other ideas of this assholes at WJ&O.
Thank you.
You know what we have to play now.
What the hell was that name of that thing that you did?
Oh, the thing.
Well, there were two of them.
Could you be more vague?
No, the one-y, twenty years.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I'm not talking about that.
First, there was...
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
What?
Nobody's going to talk this up?
I don't think so.
Jeez, I'm offended.
I'm going home now.
Oh, step on it.
Wow.
Has he still got it or what?
I hope so.
But the...
I can't give it away.
That's the problem.
No, but wait a minute.
Here it is.
This is the one that was the award winner.
So I, way, yeah.
Where it's supposed to fill salt might I call any second now.
On food is here, we want to think,
boon again profusely.
There's enough food here to feed the Chinese army.
Fine.
Why?
One open line in date and one in brown.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Boy, this is good.
Why?
Why are you laughing at?
Nothing.
Everything's fine.
I'm just sitting here.
And you're over there, can't quite.
Let me call it what's right about you.
Just relax.
What, bird?
Here, give me your finger.
Now stick your finger in this piece of pita bread, okay?
Okay.
I guess some of the food is arrived anyway.
I think you're right.
Hmm.
Thanks, J.C.
Man, don't stay way too long.
I just bit your finger off and you're still laughing.
Hmm.
You know what?
It's not bad.
You got nine more of these, right?
Yes.
Put a little melt of mozzarella on this
and you really got something.
And it's okay any act is to it's what I understand.
Oh, good.
That may have been the best thing Skyler ever did.
I think so, I think right there.
But then it was...
There was always Yarniel.
Yeah, well that's kind of a different genre.
Yeah.
They can play the CDs if they want to hear that one.
So that's old.
Oh, look at that.
There's my check from the sisters for three million.
This is from David Katen.
From David Katen.
That's beautiful.
Oh, I love it.
Okay.
It sounds like it's ticking too.
Thanks a lot, David.
Okay.
And you know the Merck and Flickers Association.
Okay, look at this stuff is coming in here.
Boy, this makes me feel like I've almost accomplished something here for 20 years.
Like learning how to be a freeloader.
That's really what I've learned.
That's what I should have said.
And both of those articles,
the only thing I've really learned in 20 years is how to be a good snorer.
What is it, Six Stations?
Well, I was trying to figure it out.
Melissa was asking me and I said,
How many stations have been on?
How come I can't...
Is that Mike really like working or what?
I have it open, but it seems to be doing it.
Because Jacob keeps moving it and he has to dump the pot.
He's throwing this like a crazy quake in here.
How many stations have I been on?
K-A-T, N-W-U-S, I-N-Z, Zeta, and here.
That's only five last time I checked it.
I leave anybody out.
And we think K-A-T.
Did Double do it?
Did you get one now, Dinsha?
What do you mean by that?
Did you...
Where was it?
Was it I-N-Z?
You left and came back?
Mm-hmm.
No?
No.
Well, N-W-S, I left for a month and went to Nashville and came back.
Oh, that's right.
The famous...
The famous Nashville.
Yeah.
W-L-A-C.
That was a lot of fun.
They tend to be a little clannish up there in Tennessee.
You're a K or however you want to spell it.
Yeah, that was like a little bit of vacation.
These people are definitely not going to wait.
Here's Dr. Votz.
Dr. Votz.
All right.
N-W-S, I just call to give you congratulations for your 20 years of loyal community service.
Thanks, Doc.
And I heard you did a great show last Sunday.
I, too, by the way.
I had a good time and I got a lot of callers.
I called.
I got news for it.
If I could set up all my calls like you did, I have a full board every day, too.
Well, I didn't tell them what to say when they called.
And I just let a lot of people know that I was going to be on.
You've always told me that only about 1% of listeners ever call in.
So I figured if I let 150 people know I was going to be on,
then 1.5 people would call in.
Yeah, that doesn't matter.
Uh-huh.
Anyway, are you wearing that candy cane jacket today?
No, I'm not.
I burned that.
Yeah.
You sound like you're absolutely glowing.
I buried it with you.
Call a catch in time at the cat.
Oh, that's a good one.
I buried it right now.
I had to answer the way over your head.
Exactly.
So I've called into compliment you on your communication skills, your cooperation,
and I think you're a great example of how people can take care of themselves
and get themselves healthier as they show we say matured.
And you also call to thank me for reminding you of the Atkins diet
and all the way you've lost probably.
Uh-huh.
You've been as good for me.
I hope I've been as good for you as you've been for me.
Now, since you did that audition here on Sunday on that Neil Wont Like It Show,
did Steve Nichol call you back?
No, he never did.
Let's just go get drunk.
Well, listen, just sit there by the phone.
Let your patient's cooler, he'll sit there by the phone.
That calls coming any second.
The funny part is that he makes a show called Neil Wont Like It.
Yeah.
But if you'd heard it, you probably would have liked it.
So he can't even make a show that Neil Wont Like.
There you go.
Oh, you want to bet?
Tune in the rest of the weekend, Mark.
We'll see you.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
I'm like that. The doctor's calling.
Speaking of weekend shows at IOD.
Was that what you're doing here?
Believe me, we could use you now.
No, no, trust me.
Trust me.
I have heard rumors that one Irene Richard is going to be doing a weekend talk show.
Boy, WIOD, is this true?
Well, I didn't want to let it on the bag.
The rumor has it that we have a travel show starting out of weekend.
And the hostess is going to be...
It really is Irene Richard.
How do you like that?
So it is true.
Can you believe that I still have that card part?
That card is...
She on right after Meg Green?
No, Meg's the history.
She's too big for us now.
She's on Channel 4.
She's a big star in our 6th or whichever one it is.
6th, right?
She's all over the place.
Getting that bogus information to her.
How do you find programs in this market?
This TV stations are all weird.
You know?
You don't move delightful.
And then you keep track of it.
That's the best way to do it.
And by the way, speaking of the weather furry,
I noticed it was your column today?
I forget who wrote it.
I tried to avoid looking at that.
But anyway, I think Tom had the column about the ratings still suck it channel before.
Did you know that there are 8th and 8th station fields?
Yeah, you see they had that big interest there in the beginning.
You know, when they first, the first day when Brian came on...
Plus they had like, they've saturated us and every station in the market with spots
to promote the fact that Brian Norcross, the weather furry,
was going to be the news furry.
And so the first day in the overnight,
it looked like, oh my God, the channel for ratings are going through the roof.
Do you know that they fired Barbara Sloan?
Do you know Barbara?
Yes.
One of the nicest, one of the best.
I mean, everybody there loved her.
She was a real pro.
Real pro.
She was great.
She was one of the sweetest people I've ever met in my life.
And they can't harass because they wanted to bring in some young bin vet.
And then they wanted to bring Brian over there for whatever.
What are they thinking about this guy?
Well, I think it's not a news guy.
I think I've got a lot of...
This is just my opinion, but I think you're going to see that as everyone's contract runs out,
every one of the old people there will be let go.
Really?
That's my opinion.
Not Dave Game.
They did take him off here.
Well, we cut the food business.
A lot.
I'll tell you that.
And the old channel for colliders, WTVJ, is now channel six.
It's the NBC station.
The EO.
And what a concept.
And you wonder why I'm confused.
And channel four is...
Yeah, see.
Like Nuck Tom said, you know, move to Lakeland and you'll find out a lot about what's there.
It's not really that tough, you know.
Okay.
Because you look on the air and you see Tony Cigaretteau without the suspenders, you know, you're
on the TV day.
And you see Dave Game covering the screen, blanketing your screen, you know, where your
amp is.
Yeah.
They took him off the ear.
Yeah, just kind of...
They did.
Yeah, because they wanted to just see the new Ben Bet news anchor.
He was kind of blocking the...
He...
That I must get a satellite dish.
Yeah.
And I did.
Yes, I did.
A big dish.
Yes.
Great.
I've had it for about almost two and a half years.
You know that Tom had a dish before I did even.
Yeah.
I almost talked you into it.
Right.
Yeah.
And I really enjoy it.
It's very good.
I just want to...
In fact, Rich was the one that got me my first dish illegally, of course, with some Arab
from Israel somewhere.
And then, so that means Tom and you and I and Rich, that's four people in one room, Skyler
of course, can't afford a dish.
I haven't got cable yet.
If you could afford...
You can't even afford a set.
Much less for...
Yeah.
Now I know you're kidding.
Yeah.
What did you do to you?
Well, I'm sure the reason...
Got any openings at ABC liquor's plenty, Chan?
I'm sure the reason that Glenn got the dishes...
You don't want to miss all that sports.
Right.
They do sports on the dish?
In fact, probably the first time you got was GN, so you can see all the cup games.
Because I know you were a big fan.
Why would you want a dish if you don't want to watch sports?
Oh, I didn't know they had...
I didn't know they had it on there.
You don't know Channel 6, I mean.
He's watching the Sundance channel.
But didn't I see this hockey game a few weeks ago?
And the puck was like glowing blue, you know?
And they hit it and it goes,
and you could see it.
How did it go?
How did it go?
That was exactly how it went.
Yeah.
There's something you might be thinking about doing.
Do the audio, the sound effects for the Fox track.
Yeah.
That's exactly how it went.
They just don't understand that they think that people don't watch the game.
You know, this old thing about not following the puck.
There aren't that many hockey fans.
They have to develop hockey fans.
They don't need blue lights around the game.
Yeah, well, everything that Fox appeals to is like a prepubescent mentality.
That's their whole idea.
All of their program is presented at that level.
So they figure, even if it's a hockey game,
they have to appeal to little kids.
And the little kids loved it.
Anybody over the age of 10 hated it because, you know,
it just interfered with your enjoyment of the game.
And it's like, it was while I was watching a video game.
I've never heard a hockey fan say they had a problem.
No, the guy from John Shannon who produces hockey night in Canada said they've been doing their show for 50 years.
They've never had one call from anybody saying, I can't see the puck.
Why don't you do something that I can't follow the puck?
But hey, that's Fox for you.
That's where we're more has some problems following the puck.
Well, there you go, speaking of Fox.
So anyway, it's 10.54. He'll be out next year.
10.54, a WIOD for almost 50 years.
Mike Cigars in Bay Harbor.
What happened to Henry, by the way?
Is he only looking at it?
He took the flask with him and he's on the floor.
Well, I told you he could be the next day of Caprita.
The opinions expressed by the host,
the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host
the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host
the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host
the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host
the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host
the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host
the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host
the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host
the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host
the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host
the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host
the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host
the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host
the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host
the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host
the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host, the host
finds their birthday appeal in Thhamil stuff. UNNEC Ouch!
up to not the three one yeah
for both two months now yeah
they get stupid penalties at the wrong time
and it's incredible they never i've never got it
you know what's the one you make it an easy goal right
never
no lucky but they're like a lot of guys i know great they just keep blowing it
don't worry about it i'm saying
same thing is quesitant right right very close very similar
so now we got this big trade they finally got rid of some of the dead weight
there yesterday they got rid of that big goons hergeo momezzo and poor billy
vergo as many the same since peter zezal and mark us board left
and uh...
i don't understand the messo i hear you as live in the town is making close to a
million bucks yeah
it just seems if he didn't care i i'm predicting that he goes to uh...
new york and he turns it on i mean he i don't understand the guy he did look
like he didn't care big million bucks that's right he don't he didn't care
they grapes the leaf looks gonna change because uh... you know the tronomy
belief is sending the offers twenty of anniversary
a jersey autographed by the whole team with a number twenty on it
all right
bob pulford's old numbers
oh yeah
and after only three years of begging he's finally getting me a tape uh... would bill
he would on air from the sixty seven Stanley cup
he'd have seven of the fun
when i was a wee one the memorial cup billy who it uh...
we did his first broadcast back in fifty one fifty two really
yes back and uh... he was a broadcaster so i just thought i'd throw that in
the city that you started your hero
when you better keep working on it hall of fame thing for me grapes because i
you know if you don't get it i already got the swivel mouth working on it up
there in Montreal now you know
the dick urban oh yeah
i got a whole dick urban working on it we had him on the air and he agreed with me
he said he's sitting on the uh... he's on the committee and he's gonna put the
name on the table and uh... he says i'm absolutely right it's a
grotesque oversight he says don't count on that charity get done you'll never get
it done
uh... me me with the hall of fame they don't let me near it out there that
you know where grapes is calling or where we got him we got him in l.a.
he and rose wrote in lousa angeles to do hockey night in canada's Saturday night
and uh... talk to timi yesterday at home done yes
and uh... he told me where you're staying there in Beverly Hills you'd really
treat rose well this way
why not you only go through this way once i was with my mcclean last night
right yeah
he orders caviar
uh... hundred twenty bucks to match in that
i played a whole i played a whole week when i was in the american league for
on that and that was in ron McLean this was dog McLean i knew there was a
reason we are pulled it up in that game last night we didn't have no coach on
the bench he was out there with cherry
about uh... what do you not gonna ask you about uh... grotesque
well i was gonna get to what i what's on i don't want to be wasted you go ahead
and say what you want i would even waste my time with that guy i'm so sick
and tired of some real good articles that they were caught in from last night
it's about time somebody ripped him in as i'm tired of his greed i'm tired of
this bull crap yet scored a goal last night big-stinking deal
way grotesque is a shadow of what he used to be he's divisive he sits around he
tells the general manager and a coach who could be on the team and who can't be
on the team i hope my king and gets all a more grief from him just like they got an
li and by the way look how great li was with him the last to however many years
look how they stumped the joint out last couple of years
what did i say in addition to which if you remember three years ago which i
know you remember when he when he cheap shot at your buddy ducky gillmore there in
a playoff senate uh... sixth game and should have got a five minute major and
won't stay in the game and screw in a winning goal and over time that's your
buddy Wayne greetsky i'm stunned so as a leaf fan he can blow it out his ass how
do you like that i'm stunned i can't say a word i cannot get off that one
remember because you know it's all true that's why so listen get get get get
get now also i don't want a more bad news on my anniversary here and look at the
food porn in here i wish you could be here to see this you just pass out
let me ask you something you guys are in a la which pisses me off you should be in
Dallas now case you'd always be wherever the leafs are playing forget about
those frogs okay we know how you can get out of this one now don't tell don't
tell me that coli and harry niel are with you guys in a la and are doing that
second game no they're not only them are down in that doubt oh thank god for that
i don't know what i'm doing out here but it rolls one of the occasion so i'm out here
that explains it there you go and the sun's not shining yeah well listen tell
uh... tell my tell pat burns that they better win when i said i'm surprised he's
still there you know because you know he's going to bind up being the guy's going to take the fall
i don't think so no i think that uh i love pat burn yeah he that's going to be there
honestly i'm not making excuses for them but i i have never seen that i never see
but i got news for you i got news for a grapes calgary is on a verge of catch and i'm
when a peg is got three games in hand they're gonna catch him you know they're not going to make
the playoffs if they don't win one sometime this year you know they are going to make the playoffs
and they're going to make some noise if not you fold me up and break me like you did just did great
thing okay i'll make noise like you never heard of them you don't make it this year
well listen happy anniversary and many more of them and keep going and keep squeezing those things
okay where's quasinum grapes all right okay thanks to the loo to the loo there goes don churry i like
we always says to do that pushes up his image those Canadians go nuts when he says that
look at look at the food in here if you look at the size of that cake i have never seen
anything that big since JC walked out it's look at the size of it it's been great we've just
been eating up a storm while i was out with don churry yeah do you see it's like old times all
it's great fucking sports and you're eating it we've the food unbelievable see there you go
and now you're done oh sh** i'm done with what no but i'm doing a spot so just keep eating oh good
11 16 at wiod the 610 wiod armoured car is loaded with Miami Grand Prix tickets and today from
newtel 1 p.m. we'll hand them out free at hooters town and country center in Kendall free tickets to
see the end of cars newtel day at hooters in Kendall from news talking entertainment radio 610
wiod thanks anemore you what is it hopefully it's worth a lot of money and i can get out of here
oh look at that whoo is that from orviados by any chance actually i made it myself
i happen to be listening to you look at that yeah it didn't take too much time on the bottom
it's like a caricature of me made out of what would you call it what is that it's clay like a clay
like i said it's made out of a clay thing and it's on a stand i'm sitting on what is it that i'm
sitting on it's a cup i'm sitting on a cup once worn by luke robotai right and i got the mic in my hand
and on the bottom it says 20 oh look at that isn't that a beautiful thanks anemore yeah that's very
sweet thank you thanks so much so that's a beautiful thing now what do we got on here we got a
celebrity caller anybody could do a neal rudge is kind of show and say dirty words that kind
of broadcasting has appealed to a certain element that i do not desire to appeal to and who could
blame hello hello hello hello hello i can barely hear you
i'm out of control
what do i want i'm on another plane yeah my life it's it's Larry it is Larry
Larry can i ask you one thing don't be thirsty that's
what is it what is it Larry where the hell are you on a way to
all right lily what are you going to do what you're going to do out there
if you if you can hear how this sounds on here Larry listen to this Larry it's Larry in a blender
Larry King and Larry seriously this is the worst connection i ever heard by life
Larry can you hear me can you hear me clearly because you sound like you read a god damn wrong
will appeal a vegematic all right hi guys now listen are you is this the plane of dropping
and pap you can't enter in over the grand canyon all right make sure you do a good job Larry
do you do you we're doing great 20 years isn't that something 20 years of all this filth and
perversion on a radio and you love every second of it don't you love it Larry no Larry say
all of a sudden conveniently it you can't hear it anymore how do you like that Larry
Larry can you hear me Larry i demanded apology for what you said to Bob Reed
I will I give it that Larry I will I give it to you what is it who is what
who's what see there are codes again thanks a lot Larry you're the best baby bring us back all
that buddy sweetheart okay there's Larry King that was that was really him that was really Larry
the down dress break can you believe that oh no it's off Larry King does the worst congressional
attorney phone call yes that's absolutely correct come on Larry give me an apology I will
I give it come on what a saw raise that was Larry King can you believe that well you know
something see if we couldn't have had a conversation if he could have heard me out of said hey
your good friend rumors here waiting to hear about that good job you got him yeah oh that's
another one he can tell you about jobs from Larry King that never materialized the
grandhouses hey how you doing granddad yeah and what what is that how many meals can I eat
all lobster tails and scallops well that's beautiful okay thank you so much my amigo thank you
look at that I got lobster tail we got scallops we got the weenies and from new age design
graphic new ways back graphics we got a bunch of buttons who's back Larry oh can I hear him now Larry
I'm here oh there you go I can almost hear you now I'm gonna move around the plane yeah well don't
do too much I don't understand how astronaut the dogs in the moon and I can't go for the plane yeah
sounds like the plane landed don't you you're still in the air I'm in the air how about the plane
this question now you didn't really say the worst talk radio I've ever heard in my
you didn't really say that did you I can't believe that station except for you Neil I know and I
do he love me I know it I love you Roger this is the one in Miami first of all the general manager is
Bob Green if Bob you know something Bob is still wiping the tears from his eyes from the last
conversation we said we got Larry King on the phone he's in the other room right now weeping like
a little bit seriously he is I'm going with my miss bus are you in about four or five years he's
not old enough yet when he makes it yeah how about going to his brisk that would be even better with
the kind of you know it does a thousand voices right yeah Phil Henry yeah he doesn't he's ashamed of
his own huh he's ashamed of his own yeah he's ashamed of his own voice that's right he does
other voice right how do I feel how do you feel I feel like mothuzla on a
bad day that's how I feel I feel like I just sat down with you cola cats and
time at WKAT and started my first day and I went to the first national bank on Alton Road and she
said you feel rich now Neil for two hundred and fifteen bucks a week that's how I feel
incredible what was your first break listen to this Larry went to work and knocked on doors and
got a job with a small radio station in Miami Beach Florida I did everything I was a idea I'm
uh idea I'm I'm idea I'm idea I'm I'm idea I'm I'm I did the board I did Jock I did sports I did
news I did everything cleaned up cleaned up cleaned up I did everything is that true yeah well when
you play those tapes yeah obviously buddy you're sticking you have it repeated yeah why do you
do that over and over for emphasis we want to make sure they do all right why do you do something
new our audience is a little bit slow we want to make sure they catch it to forty or three
fifty a time exactly okay top 10 that's good they'll start riffing off David Letterman that
would be good that's a region hey listen there's a guy here that wants to talk to you you're
going to pee in your pants right there under plane when you hear this voice how are you Larry
Larry again I said Larry how are you who is that how should they forget who is that your hockey friend
you're right it's the it's the grim rumma I came to see my good friend Neil Rogers
and not all that much either Larry don't get carried away
hey can't beat it join it I know I thought you'd be here last night
now he's a now he's a capitals fan now he's a capitals fan we all of a sudden we they got
lucky and got a point now it's we nice going Larry I'm on a recap of the caps room will tell you
yeah he is on a very captain yeah you and I Craig Barubi you make a good pair I'm going to come
down in two weeks to spring training and I'm coming to the ledger studio all right I'll pick you
up and bring it that's a deal I'm I'm inviting you right now anytime you come in here
you'll make a show coming I'll feed it will feed you will get the from the villa deli on on
the Walden Road on a beach will bring you the best deli of had since that crazy place you keep
plugging on the air and it'll be a real it'll be a picnic thanks Larry okay don't drop
I don't drop pat too hard there he goes can you can you believe that very unusual that that is the
most very yeah that is the most press our phone call in 20 years seriously took me 20 years
what is it that he said what did he say he was even kissing my ass never says anything
he said you're great he said you were the only good one after saying you were gonna have the
radio and now he's gonna come do a show with you that is just the worst talk radio I've
ever heard my life was on W out yeah yeah yeah he said I was the worst talk show host in America I
read it in the paper the worst I read it quote there were quotes around that we have to tape we
fill plate it only 600 times again yeah we got to tape the worst talk show he's ever heard
is the near Roger show you can't play that tape too many times and the worst line I've ever heard was
well me just did I right won't that be great today he come right I got to do a break by the way
because we're only here to get the spots in okay we got to distract it with Larry it was it
was well worth it at twice the price by the way what is this this is a bag of a near Roger's 20
years yeah I got a button yeah it's got you from the new way design graphics got my push on a
cover that's a beautiful thing 3196 great thank you guys whether that is there's book of Brian is
in there look at that guy look at that strippy guy in there and guitar hey I'll get to you just
relax okay I didn't even recognize you with that what's the outfit you got on go buy some clothing
will you so anyway it's 1127 at WYOD let me use talking entertainment radio 16 WI
on the by the time I get through the next couple of minutes she is going to have to pick every
scab off that putrid pus filled body of hers all right so I'm going crazy on this yes because
this has got a stuff you make me sick Pat you bitch god how is it possible to be so stupid Pat
nobody rips you I let go of you idiot you asshole you
I'll sing this you fat slob I'm gonna take this court and I'm gonna shove it right up his ass okay
and I'm gonna shove this thing so far up his butt that he's gonna be singing a different tune
when I get through with him but we have a longer court than this piece of crap look at this look
how short this damn thing is you got a hundred assholes running around this building they can
find another one besides him although maybe not that big don't get it out of there go for a court
somewhere go do something pull what in your case a good question okay god nobody rips you bad
don't start looking once again as always to blame faddle of kneel for whatever you're upset about
and disgusting nauseating old slabs old crabby old bitches
really if you don't rethink you gon split hell what is your your blood a white open you know
I'm gonna split up your skull with a mallet you stupid old bitch there we go now we're cooking
what did I just get to talking about it was old bags we don't watch you lady okay go get some
knitting out go find some possible trouble okay thanks anime other she is a little on guitar
matters here bokeh brine guitar man's actually got his guitar just keep eating first though for
second or two who is this this couldn't be Gregory Benjamin butel could it uh hi this is asshole
when i listen to sonny box i can hear the word deal Rogers once all right how you doing Greg i'm
doing great well now what's up now here's the guy from the street not only stories if he's
permitted to speak what's the a deal uh Gary's come to our station Gary Gary goose
Gary yes yeah and that's the prevailing rumor a rumor and uh that's the prevailing rumor
I met him by the way I was one of the emcees for the panthers precies and banquet in bokeh
yeah nice guy yeah he is a nice guy rumor and he said to me you know that view del he's the biggest
asshole i remember i didn't say that he said next to these Denise potpan he's the biggest asshole
uh uh uh uh so you're going to uh ovv uh well it's now wclb well whatever it is makes no
difference those those those no pickers they don't know from colliders for the meantime i'm going to
be the prime time of uh fair banks communications i'm going to do uh jml and uh the country station
and i'm going to work with gerry what what do you mean by that uh i'll be on jml in the morning
in the uh country station uh midday so boigiri is not doing a show yes he is he will be uh working
the morning show you just got through saying you're doing a morning show on jml are you being like
a little bit evasive here no no uh you're doing a morning show with boigiri for a while yeah
and then uh i'm going to be doing some other stuff he's going to become the co-host
the co-host with whom uh jim edward is Skyler still there yeah why don't you just take jim edward's
out and shoot him there you go yeah Skyler said he's got a present for uh jim edwards
yeah so this sounds very bizarre but of course they're like how Greg's arguing now yeah by the way
uh this is my first anniversary with jano today and march versus 17 years uh since my first show
yeah well guess what Greg i don't want to sound insensitive but nobody cared
you didn't get no call from larry king Greg no did you hear that yes i did what what do you make of
that what what i'm talking i i for the first time in 20 years i will confess i'm totally speechless
i don't know whether to scream or reach a key to banana i don't know i don't know what to say i
thought it was a fake i really i thought it was going to be filled doing larry king's voice you know
and it was a there's no fool in with larry king i mean you heard that voice there is no question about
it do you know what i'm saying no doubt my mind yeah and of course who else would be popus enough to be
called from a plane on a way to la uh so which i expect from Gary Bruce the major asshole no not
not the worst yeah i don't understand if you want the worst i'll introduce you to Steve nickel okay
hey listen i've already worked with you to see the Steve nickel if we can get him off the floor
on a good day i got a let's have a drink he's selling you know something he's locked inside his
office right now celebrating my 20th anniversary by himself he's having a he's having a little Henry
Barrow party you got to understand i've already worked for david ross and Steve can't can anybody be
worse than that yes i don't believe that how do you like all the nice things steveaux said about me
in a paper the other day how do you like that except for a minor couple of minor character flaws
i'm sorry i can't be perfect like you are Steve but i'm working on it okay i'm working to correct
those minor flaws well listen i got one request today yeah would you play that little piece of him
going with that that uh where he's stammering away you know because i love that i love that you
just tell me just tell me you don't mean uh mr. ego do you yeah now wouldn't i see isn't that
interesting we're nearly called in and Henry and the whole gang from waxy how come we haven't had a
call from anybody oh that's because it's probably paxon because i know that Steve would be just
dying to call it over here just just just just just just just tell me what your problem is
you know even norman became a Christian for him now is noodles yeah right sure is noodles gonna be
on his show with your tours and now this is uh uh just uh i just the thing it sounds like game
hey it sounds it sounds evasive to me is what it is me evasive yeah and when you say what should
you expect from boy gary does that mean you really haven't had the opportunity is is he there yet
uh no as a matter of fact i heard a story that one reason that it was taken a while to get down is
that there were no hotel rooms available in town to put him up in yeah and that was the language
or maybe there were none that would accept him which sounds more likely to me well i don't want you to
go away would you hang on for a minute yes because i want you to speak your old friend is going to
take a leak or something or something even more serious but i definitely want you to speak to you
who and who without you does that explain to you hang on i said don't go away all right please
okay hilton no where is he is he taking a he's taking a something okay probably a big one
okay let's uh oh mark Jacobson here's another superstar
oh how you doing that Neil great boy that new spot you guys got that one really blows mark
yeah well thank you very much all the way do like it at the end where you got that thing
screwed in through don cox's body that's kind of good that is kind of good i thought you'd like
to be part of that commercial it's a good thing you lost some of the way you'd never gotten
on all the way through him you're right about that hey let me tell you something your mother
was probably wrong you do have a career in this radio stuff you know yeah she's she's a full of it
you know it's a professional coach and she ought to enjoy that car i bought a rick kendel Toyota
too by the way that's right um i understand she isn't trying it right she loves it yeah she's got
like one of those little old yanta bows on the antenna too so uh you know what i'm talking about
this is quite a career you got going here i mean i'm listening to this on radio you know
on the telephone way to get on you caught me in the middle but it did catch my interest Neil
the pus on the girl i don't know if you have something about the pus on the girl i don't know
pet or something i don't think it was pus it may have been similar but i don't think it was pus
well you know what you like it and not and you're gonna call you every 20 years and i'm just
saying how did you did that outstanding and uh you see who's in the other room i'm sorry do you
see who's in the other room do you see that a bell speechless i understand yeah i have
somebody else would like to say hello to you okay he's a very good friend of yours and uh he's the
former fat-done cocks he's now thin donny really yeah so uh what a problem tell him he better
quartz to cake at those pills because every time every time he stands up they keep falling out
again my best and we are looking forward to having you on my army tonight because every time we
everybody goes crazy that's why i'm screening my calls now by the way thank you for the help and
thanks for making us number one here and i'm glad you're number one thanks mark hey here's
thought okay here's number one here they can put up with 20 years in this town on the radio
yeah you know some kind of trophy has got either be brilliant or very stupid one you know we both
been called most yeah you've been called a few things cocks yeah well most of them were true exactly most
of which i can't say on a year oh yeah right hey cuck cuck how you doing who's that that's the
bird oh hey bird how you doing good fine so he drug you out for the 20 years yeah we drug them
yeah well i knew but i shouldn't have said that to you should i don't always bad it was just a bad
play on words we drug them that was bad i just didn't know yeah yeah yeah i knew the couldn't
resist the opportunity to be back on the radio with you at any moment i don't think he's leaving i
think he's gonna stick around for next week don't say that you're gonna get people riled up in
this building now be careful he brought a sign it says will it will cackle for food
well he's done that before yeah he has successfully too
they don't seriously have be 20 years thanks don you deserve all the
evaluation okay all right hey don't stop stand up too fast on that diet i want okay you don't
have any of those uh cock suckers laying around there do you have no blinded days so here he is
i'm back with you don't i would right i would oh hi Greg hi
try to control yourself just a little bit who is this Glenn yeah hey oh it just
feel like a prick hey shall we share some Irene Richards memory she's in the building Greg
as we speak i uh kneel with speechless i gotta go now
uh yeah that's why Glenn was downstairs that had that effect on all of it
it really is i read Richard what a what a day incredible and then i heard a rumor that you're
gonna do country Greg that's correct man is this a day or what it really is well thanks for
a hang it on for that great conversation with the bird was it compelling and silly hopefully your
material in the morning will be a lot better than that oh man nice Greg oh see uh bye
i appreciate that i got there's a like all this party going on out in the hall is there yeah what
he looks like he had a head start on too nice outfit there what he so anyway it's 19 to
moon a w i o d six ten w i o d news is watching south florida we're watching the white house and
congress we're poised for what happens next the best news news talking entertainment
boy he sure hasn't lost it as he y'all to see the squeeze he just put on Irene here man come on
it's a miracle you can still breathe take some oxygen some helium from one of those balloons
before you pass that get off boy did you put the squeeze on her even Larry King never put the
squeeze on anybody like that so what he grab her is here what do you got for me what he hopefully
something really good really really good really good yeah if i if i might take some time i'm
on behalf of my client martin air holland the other dutch airline that flies seven days a week out
of Miami international airport direct to Amsterdam we'd like to congratulate you on your 20th
anniversary in the south florida radio market you've consistently provided your listeners with a
quality format that is reflected in your longevity and popularity in honor of this accomplishment
and ingratitude for all you have done over the years to encourage tourism to Amsterdam and holland
martin air is proud to present you with turism where to Amsterdam
yeah martin air what do you keep reading martin air holland is proud
what is proud to present you with two star class tickets around trip to Amsterdam to be used
that you agreed upon date and additionally while you were in holland we would be pleased to introduce
you to dutch radio we are sure they have never heard anything like you before or probably ever will
again when do i start whenever you would like to sign a contract because they actually speak
of English up there yes they do you fit right in thank you what do you think you so much it's a
beautiful thing okay i think you're happy to do that don't you think you fit right in i would
fit right in yeah yeah be real happy yeah yeah yeah so i'm sitting in weedy that would be great
now who we got on there now oh my god now you're going to be impressed by this oh boy hello
hey there how are you great gary and a happy 20th to you thank you so much and i hope that you
still have some of those old suits for me because i knew that's how we worked well together exactly
well i always dressed for success you did you did yeah and i have a lot of those successful dresses
still in my closet yeah well bring them out bring them out you look dashing at them you're
don't you know who this is can't i can't place the boy gary oh you can't place who's that the bird
man hey listen bird i'll make your entire career you did it don't you remember gary larn
say that we used to report when he used to drive in late in the morning right there of course gary
it's been so long i haven't heard your voice in so long i couldn't place it all right i'm
sort of happy about that not really bird how you listen you guys you take a shot at me well listen
look at all the shots like Neil said you guys took it me for all those years oh that was all
in fun i absolutely right so Neil was 20 years yeah and i want to thank
i have a good time i think all of my ex employees everybody we used to work with together keeps calling
you up are they all working now good question what was that all his ex employees well i know you
i heard Cox i heard you down oh that's right that's right they were all under your thumb
now listen i want to congratulate you on a great job your traffic people are doing well i'm
playing on all the other on all the other stations that have a brain huh i'm gonna play like now
like lary yeah so i'm flying over you know i want to make sure that you got you got all the traffic
well our traffic guys not in a plane he's in a broom closet all right and he's taking diction
lessons as we speak i know that or something to do with dick it's so to speak right all right thanks
gary it's great here from you and of course uh talking to you and you have another good 20 years
and you always points for making your traffic look so good now thanks so high see you gary bye bye
you're right he has the uh skywalk metro whatever that traffic thing was we had and we just
blew it off and put these uh people these bozos on now mirror bells not a bozo she just can't
speak in english but the other guys are real bozo i am and i am impressed at that call very
impressive which one gary loren yeah lary king oh well that's called well you impressed by that
call man randy now i mean is making gaggy she's got her figure down her throat to her to her uh
asperatus he's like an albatross around you now that's what Stanley dancer used to say
it is true a Greg is like a bad penny he just when you think he's gone forever he just keeps
showing up again there's just something about it when you think you finally have ridded your
don't take it personal Greg unless you want to i think he is over that phase though that
been about do they like me do they hate me i was on a golf course this morning and there were
17 guys all playing and i kept wondering do they hate me i think he's over that are you sure
no and just wait till boy gary gets in over there oh you talk about paranoia running deep
oh man oh heavy duty man wait till boy gary comes up to your Greg and says by the way don't worry
about that uh about that picture you were going to take for the uh your book here the uh scrap
over because you won't be here anyway by the time it comes out don't worry about any publicity
shots because you don't eat anybody because you won't be on here that kind of stuff you know
to build your confidence just ask randy about that the goddess she'll tell you uh-huh
so anyway it's 11 till noon at w-i-o-d for use talk and entertainment radio
six ten w-i-o-d okay they said Steve couldn't make it because he was busy talking to old people
which is nothing new for him but norm can now where did it normally go i mean norm go and
Craig war thing is here now you do realize by the way they should be having a thing we're
giving a slide of a thing over here in a microphone too you've been on here in this market
longer than i have yeah but i you talk about old people i'm the one who's labeled with old people
not Steve you know your ego must have shot up even more ancillary king's call that was a great
call got some old people i've seen his numbers and he made me be talking to old people but a very
select group of them i'll tell you that small group but he said good things about you in the
newspaper and i said good things about him that's true i do respect the fact that he's taken like a
non-existent facility there and he's grinding out a living and doing a lot of trade-outs and
got the baseball cards and and he's manipulated he's doing great the rest of us man he's doing great
you ought to be under in the daytime but i don't want to know i belong i like night you really do
night with all how do you manage with no signal to get bigger numbers than they have during the rest
of the day that Craig i'm really lucky no i really are lucky that you got all those very loyal old
farts i mean that's what i don't mind those old farts have cut me in this market for 23 years i
remember the day and it was said too because i had left we worked together for two years at kt
two great years we had a tremendous time and i left and went to w n w s and i was listening to you
one day when we just started over there on flagger street right and i'm pulling up in front of the
station and you're going on in the year about old people what's wrong with talking to old people
for quite a lot old people on the cream of the i didn't the cream of the crop what's wrong with
talking about we're all getting old friends what's wrong with time and you were ranting and raving
you were so upset because evidently somebody on our maybe i did it maybe who knows about k a t
was strictly the alta cocker station it was nothing but i had to be at the bill and you were just
a foaming and you went on and on and on it was great on as long as i live on ever forget that but i
had five great years at k a t i really did and i remember when you first came in so you were there
but yeah you were there after but how long were you there before i came i got there in the first
march of 75 i guess and i guess five out of the new people came and i lasted a year after the
stay outside this is for broadcasters on the
carvel happy twenty thank you carvel thank you profusely we love carvel we love time carvel
and all the uh Jewish owners you were you were making two hundred and fifteen dollars i think you
first came in and i was making four hundred and i was so proud of that fact and here you are today
i think you're up there with some of the sports stars and you have figures yeah i'm still
making the same amount of money yeah that's why i'm down here to make me mooch a couple bucks
you live frugally and we got some pre food here that's what's all wrong with that i'm the one
i'm on a giant free slow after what you've done well you look great i was thinking the other day
about one day you were doing a spot about arching legs it was spot was you remember that
you i have a memory or what the spot was for some geriatric spots you're i'm in the studio
crack is on here and he's doing a spot one of these geriatric things for some crack product for
people with aching legs and he says friends if you have arching legs and at that point we had
we had a big one with the big dream remember with drapes on it and i was holding the drapes i was
laughing so hard i had to hold myself up and falling on the floor and here's this poor man trying
to finish the spot on here and just as right in the faces you are now that's how red you were the
tears were rolling down your cheeks it was great you know for two hundred and fifteen bucks a week
it was at least a good time you know no by the way my daughters and radio up in all but in new
york and i was talking with the last night and uh both my kids always loved you but my daughter
wanted to send along her congratulations well thank you that's great you got two great kids
i told her just stay off the air although you proved the opposite with what uh being on the air
i'm one of those people to tell people who want to go into radios don't be i always tell them that
do anything but be a talent but again there are people like you and the how it turns of the world
and the larry kings who proved just the opposite the very king that was a great call by the way though
what do you make of it what what do you say i don't have a bonus but yeah well what do you say
after hearing that call let's go is the guy an acid or an an you know something and he will when
he's down here his ego was big enough he will come in here oh yes well he's you know i only
met him once and it was right here i know i don't do a talk show yeah i use them have a go yeah tell
me when i'm interrupting me so horny yeah go ahead are you done larry no go ahead go ahead
i used to have a guy named brother Ted white sold you remember him he was a fate sure
used to come on absolutely another one of your quack guy you remember the movie the boys in
a band yes and they gave her old his birthday present here jc is my anniversary present i'm taking
him home he doesn't know it yet go ahead i'm sorry does he look like Brad Pitt or what no okay yeah you
do but anyway go ahead so he thinks whatever he wants his producer call me up and start
during the news jc said that king wanted him on us a guest and be over here at quarter to twelve
he was the midnight then and i had my guest over here at quarter to twelve yeah and uh he came out
and said he knew nothing about it and didn't want me and he acted towards me like i was dung under
his feet that was my one meeting with him uh huh yeah right yeah that's like larry i think larry
i think they crash you get an apology for that i will i give it to you okay same old hardass
but he he calls on the phone this is now are you familiar with the call at fill Henry
did fill made larry look like an even bigger raston the bigger than ever he has in his life okay even
then naturally with that phone call with doing Bob greens voice and crying on here this is like three
four weeks ago and Phil's been playing the tape it's like legendary from coast to coast and on
this tape larry says neo roger's is the worst talk show host i ever heard in my life okay
all right very infanically and he goes on and on about in fact uh where the hell is what did i do with
that thing we got it on tape all over the place where anybody could do a neo roger's kind of show
and say dirty words that kind of broadcasting has appealed to a certain element that i do not
desire to appeal to what word did you say asshole so so and now he calls and kisses my ass which
goes to show you that there hasn't and there's not an ass that's been invented that larry won't
tongue yeah i i agree with you but i think that he might uh not what do you laugh at about norm i
heard the same about you too by the way here i don't get over here norm stop following jc
around your place and look at who's here oh my god now you notice the timing of this great
minds work alike my 20th anniversary and the day before sunny opens up the mark reopens the market
after all this travail and this trauma that this man has survived if when you leave here if you want
to pick up some great fruit stop it the sunnies the best fruits in town are with sunnies so are you
are you officially reopened now or what oh yeah official look at that the hair is the same the right
complexion is the same uh maybe that's right we'll get married we're gonna trade out he can bring
in a few uh bananas and marry him can do a little haircut or something very good incredible okay
well we're gonna do the news and we're gonna do something man this is just beyond believe i'm still
recovering from the larry king call yeah i don't think i love to get your comment you made after
immediately following the call what did he say yeah i said hey larry what word did you say right
it's summed it up and i still can't figure it out yeah i can man i'm gonna have to go to a doctor to
get his tongue separated from my ass at this point okay we'll come back and eat some more food
the home of neo-rodgers what more can we say w i o d my anyfort lullardale use talking entertainment
radio six ten w i o d i have your friends okay so anyway twelve oh five at w i o d who we got on the
bandline oh look at that uh oh who could this be unbelievable oh my god hi Neil bill Tanner
congratulations thank you so much god here's your old bird brand your old friend is there here hey
Tanner who's that it's the bird oh hi man hey how are you hey bill i saw you on network tv
sometime ago was i in chain there yeah where you on was it mike and maddie oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah soya yeah that was that was the fun thing yeah so here we are in Los Angeles how's my
Emmy are you in LA still yeah oh my god yep still in LA i go back and forth you know spend some time
in my Emmy but you spent some time in my Emmy well yeah unfortunate choice of words and and maddie
used to work with you on the old morning show right at power yeah and she was doing this the tv show
and they call me up and ask me if i come down they played a surprise thing or she didn't know I was
going to be on so it was fun yeah and so mate you know Irene Richard is here in the race it's so
amazing so amazing why rean why this is like the history of radio yeah we had we had you we had
you down the phone a little while ago and Irene is still puking her guts out yeah yeah we're
cleaning up the message and and we're going to sing Tanner in the morning oh great it's great
I don't want to yeah I don't want to pick on Greg but at least Tanner was one of those guys remember
we used to call up all the other shows in the morning on zeta we called up Tanner we call
her sonny fox right we even called up that hard ass Joey and we used to have some and then we
called up you Dell and he threatened the suis for disrupting his shit remember
haha and i said how do you disrupt that number one and number two you call out a show
but Greg he's come a long way since then he's up in Palm Beach dazzling the troops up there he's
doing all right yeah he's playing country yeah he's finding his level
it's a shocking day isn't it
and one day he may even ride side sadly i never know
just a joke Greg be nice okay so lots of people in the studio with you there that is we got we've
had everybody's been a Henry Barrow was in here with a bottle and unfortunately
but the best part of it is it wasn't a joke that's the best yeah it was like two-thirds empty and
so was he at this point yes i thought he had water and he's driving home playing running on empty
yes i thought it was colored water and it was a joke yeah man talk about a walking brewery oh look
at a left a little for George in there too in fact we're going to start a bonfire with that
you should be here too it's amazing you'd fit right in yeah i'm sure i would yeah you fit
in with this crowd make no mistake about that and then i just had an incoherent call the
the most uh most amazing call in 20 years it's propitious that happened on this day
Larry King calling me in fact he's probably on his way to see his on his way to LA to kiss somebody's
ass out there well that's sure yeah and uh he calls me this is the same man who on a film
Henry show a couple of weeks ago said Neil Rogers is the worst talk shows i've ever heard in my life
which he says because i keep ripping him all the time and playing all these uh bits like low
knee fifty dollars yeah i heard that and and he calls here and kissed my ass on we we could barely
understand it sounded like Larry King and a blender and it was him it was really him and he kissed my
ass i'm telling him i'm black and blue i'm gonna have to go get his tongue separated from the
cheeks if you're gonna do an updated kind of no me fifty dollars yeah he in fact he kept saying
i can't understand any of that stuff you're playing in the background i wonder we got a bad
connection what is it i said yeah i mean i couldn't understand it he says why do you keep repeating
that stuff over and over again i said basically because you're an asshole yeah you're the greatest
nail he just can't help himself he's just a compulsive ass liquor i read the quote in the paper
with quotes around yeah Neil Rogers we have it on tape the worst talk show host
talks show hosties ever heard of the worst in american today is in the paper yesterday yeah well
if that's the worst that it gets we're in good shape there you go well bill it's great hearing from
you yeah it's good i want to talk to you soon Neil and i'll be in my Emmy in a week so i'll give
you a call wait a second what is it oh Johnny dark says hi oh great telling hi for me yeah can you
believe it yeah he's he's real impressed he says he likes that music you're playing on the coast
not take care bill bye deal talk to you soon bye bye Johnny dark is coasting now get a
fax here i'll give you a clue who it's from okay it's a great fax here's the clue
breakfast how do you like that what is he where is he oh and it's also signed it's not only from
Mitch Lewis he's on the zeta or winsy yeah you know i saw he's on say do you mean on the he's in
in in the you know i saw an ad per zeta on the tv last night in paul kastanoba it's on
morning he also signed this which at that point that oh by the way i had an earlier fax that said
they must listen to your show on zeta the morning guys because this morning they head on wait till
you hear this George they had on viny from blossom yeah exactly they had on david lashier who plays
viny on blossom now that's all i requested for my 20th anniversary i don't he hasn't shown up yet
so i guess jc will have to be the stand in you're not you're not into uh you're not into the
Lawrence brothers no i'm not how come i find jui Lawrence to be very annoying and aggravating in
the very new york you know what i'm saying well i thought that was beside the point no it's not
it that is the point in his case all right i just want to be clear on it i'm still losing it over
all right let's do a little piece of business now you're gonna sing
okay let me do the break and then you come back guitar man brought his guitar you're also
in on this yeah whatever your name is god we're the traveling wannabes yeah in your case there's no
question about that it's but it's brining on that one too or what oh this is gonna be a
production anemory is really what a production that's gonna be wow look at the north running around
looking for the free food anyway it's eleven past noon i bet you they don't feed you like this
over in the light bulb people in those cheesy trade out restaurants you guys are god i know
what that's all about anyway that's a bad comment shouldn't say that should i they got some great
places over there right they got the fourteen best steve has got the fourteen best Italian restaurants
in town it's just a joke steve and it's the quits mac in your lips when you do that spot you sound
like a pansy okay steve cut it out you can get the Italian Boston for sixty nine cents or the
Italian olive oil for sixteen ninety nine plus your choice the New York strip steak or the salmon
steak for four ninety nine or something brown on your plate for a dollar fifty fill Henry two to
six fiam on news talking entertainment radio six ten w i o d
that's the rushes is like a boy guy if you're an atheist to the swish and decide
smoke a good stove and ride around in your bed you've got a radio show you just for the check
at the anniversary to me the only thing in this town that's real
we fall in circles for miles around just to hear that famous farting sound
her only act can't die it takes the bread off her sandwich and like to take a
phone and say to Mary Mandage me a Roger's you're the best
you really put my hand me to the test
me a Roger's always good to know your day
me a Roger's turn Brian got into a bear me a Roger's the only thing I'll miss when I go
a win away for a week and a side of town for a blow
but happy anniversary me a lot of your show
what is that oh that's like real silverware look at that well we got to sell it before you do
your song look who we got here
we'll see
cvc sports
dog how you doing great dog McLean to coach of the great panthers who so we only got a point
last night we'll take it anyway listen happy anniversary thank you so much it's amazing don chula 27
years Neil Rogers 28 right dog McLean six months and I understand Wayne he's writing me out
the same check he wrote to the brainstem I don't want to be great listen uh you don't
gp McCarthy but I still like you then I'm no dick pertain either but hey listen you know there's
always at least one dick in every market you know what I'm saying but listen is there any chance
any tickets yeah yeah you keep you guys keep playing like last night you're gonna have a lot of tickets
you know what I'm saying I knew you'd jump off the bandwagon as soon as I don't have a bad
wagon I listen I came on here yesterday I was pleading I was begging I said we got tickets
left for this game I was there last night tears were rolling down my cheeks looking at an upper
deck seeing those empty seats you know is there any way is there any way since you're such a
knowledgeable hockey guy that you could slide down between periods the odd time just give me the odd
tip yeah yeah I've seen the odd tip or two at my time no question about that yeah let on last night
you know I mean you made the right move you put the bees are in air and of course right away as soon
as you let that first greasy goal and everybody said gee we knew he should have started fit see you
these guys are the biggest bunch of second guess and fools I've ever seen in my life here's a
guy's been in a league like he says six months he's got a team that's got 78 points that's right on
the ass of the ranger still ahead of those overpaid flyers and all about tied with the Pittsburgh
bank tied with those Pittsburgh pen with the blue and yaga and Francis and all of those goyem over
there and all they want to know is how come he started this one and these people as you're finding
out real fast dog they're not easy to please it only took me 20 years to find that out but I'll
say it's really fine I really enjoy it down here and it's a pleasure but I'll say I'm lucky to have
you as a big booster because oh boy this I thought the suction was bad from Larry King before
done didn't we win last night I beg your pardon hey listen I said to Rimmer I'd fall in
lungs we didn't lose yeah but anyway I'm really happy for you you know Rimmer said you know it
tires like Kissing Denise Poppan that's what he said and I can't think of too many things more
disgusting than that so how's the anniversary party going it's great it's dynamite Larry King
called in before and we're trying to separate his tongue from i buttocks as we speak now it's
it's unbelievable we got food here like you've never seen don cherry called in this morning you missed
that I'll bet your kitten well I have to go on the ice but listen to everybody to boss and
chicken the famous when I was down there no we got better than that not that we don't like
Boston chicken we got even better than that and by the way we our guest today didn't stop on the
way to pick up seafood either or to pick up your car either on federal highway you know next time
you come on an important show Doug you show up on time you don't come right in the middle of an hour
you know what I'm saying Dougie you know and I out there doing a great job but it was a thrill of
a lifetime to be on with you nailed there's no doubt about that I won't get the plotter that's what
Rimmer always says the thrill of a lifetime remember to get lost and I said look at me viewing your
mediocre career I would believe it he's the biggest pain that he is I can't listen I can't even go
home and wipe my behind that phone is I walk in the door and the phone is ringing like frantically I
say what the hell do you want and it's him it's him the joke at laying here eventually yeah we'll
get some real answers we'll get Rick Jenner right down here Buffalo overcome we'll get some real
broadcasters down here so I gave cherry I told him you know cut the crap with all his baloney about
the leafs are squeezing the sticks too tight and all is a stop covering up for the ineptitude of my
team okay you made a big trade though last night yeah big deal we got rid of a couple of
sticks and we got two more sticks and now now in the leafs lose the Pittsburgh my client can say
Elvis has just left the building or Wayne Presley what are the others just left the building well
listen do a good job on the road trip will you okay but it still is there any chance to get in the
couple tickets yeah we got a couple we got a couple of plain tickets for you one way unless you win
no one wants to talk to you they just phone in for tickets it's a joke I can't believe you let
people get away with that welcome to Miami Doug now you're catching on now you understand what it's
all about happy anniversary thanks a lot Doug take care good luck Doug McLean coach of the panthers
okay now see you guys had a wait for him but it was worth waiting for him he's a good guy for a
Canadian so what are you guys going to play what is this we got anna Maria we got Brian we got
scholar we got guitar man yeah where is JC when I need it most oh that Steve Nichols drinks a lot
man that guy's a drunken sock I'll call the time and the morning suit hey Steve Nichols what's
wrong with you drink or drink or drink or drink or drink or gusel gusel gusel nickel nickel nickel
well great great ready right this wonderfully pretty
nice
is
just great praying
you
Okay, see at the end
Where he came when the Phil Henry thing
Rennel's ran now he's competing with
San Ann Boycee Jesus when will he leave
That's just great radio all the guests
Wirt the best and they had in a prayer
Marvin Dunn Alex Dowd Medlon Mario hair
Thank God they're all of the earth
Though their ego's deflating
Just looking at Neil's ring my smile
As we go to a close drop your phone
And just pick up the phone, talk to Neil
Hey right all of us feel
That new is the God
A big, dripping wine of just great radio
Beautiful that was so emotional
Or everybody in the building is moist
Unbelievable that was great
Could they do that again I think I screwed up the video
Having you. Thank you. Thank you.
That was great guys
Oh no you know something as incredible as the Larry King call was
This one could be a close second hello
Oh I look I figured if Larry King could get away with calling so could I
Steve Patterson
Oh God
You can blame Boca Brian for this call
You son of a bitch
Thank the lot unbelievable
Thanks a lot I had a call and wish you a happy anniversary
Thank you very much for the opportunity
And thanks for leaving us all of those stiff cards
I mean all those cards that we could bulk erase
Anybody ever bothered to tell me I didn't work there anymore
I would have been happy to erase them and put them away
We're too busy drinking over here
We don't have time to communicate with the talent
So it's been a pleasure
What is it?
Of course
Of course God forbid I just come down to the schedule with my name not on it
And that's the message
Ron is weekend by the way
Pardon?
I said I hope you have a great weekend
Yeah, me too
Right
Me too
Thanks a lot Steve
Happy happy and I hope you don't have to go through another 20 years
I pray
Okay
I pray every minute
Okay, well congratulations
Okay, bye
See ya, get him out of here
Okay so anyway that's Steve Patterson
Now you were out of here before we had Steve Patterson
I don't know him
I assume production
No no he was a weekend guy
Oh there you go
He was like in the same old Hen like his Chris Baker, Joey Reynolds
Along a run of great winners that we've had on a weekend sir
Yeah
In fact my bottles are twitching now just to recounting all these great names
Yeah you know it's interesting there's a couple of talk radio stations I hear up there
They play music on the weekends
Yeah
You know they play
Oh God is that a good idea for us
Think about it
They play like jazz or they play nice music
You think about it you don't have to go through any of that trying to find
But wouldn't that be a good compliment for us all jazz all weekend
See ya buddy
Yeah
Exactly
Right
Yeah buddy
Well such an interesting idea and it works
You know I swear I hear him do it
I just never thought about it when we were here dealing with all that
And I say this
Is Irene Richard still here who's getting ready to do a weekend show tomorrow?
I wasn't thinking of Irene
Is he going to consult him now or what?
Yeah he's consulting
And quite frankly at this point it could only be an improvement
Okay so anyway it's 1225 and WIOD
We ought to take some calls from some real people here in the next hour so because these people are going to get upset and cranky
Oh but I've liked these
The celebrities have been fast calling yes
Flammely not one
That one
Yeah you'll never forget it
I only wish we would have had a better follow that end to the obvious quality of the whole night
It was perfect no the connection with their first
Just something you just you seriously I mean a lot of the stuff is is stick but in his case
No you go home and you look in the mirror and you ask yourself is there no shame anywhere in this world?
Is there no ass anywhere that this man won't lick it's just it's just amazing
It's astonishing and I think that once upon a time not in this room because this studio was near but somewhere in the
Bibles of this building that man infested this place
And you know that Rimmer who also is another guy that Larry says just said by the phone you got a call coming you're going to be working at DC
You're going to have the biggest job in town a hundred thousand a month
Another one of those guys that's heard Larry's the tales of wall which never come true he's going to pick him up at the
Airport and bring him and he will be sitting in the studio yes and guess what is there anybody out there who where does the line form for people who would like to bring the food for Larry on that day
Remember remember Godfather 3 I wouldn't be surprised if we have a bunch of canolies here on that day huh
Now you told them Villa deli is what you told them yeah yeah you think that'll happen could be
But I wouldn't be surprised since that is over there on the beach I wouldn't be surprised if there's a few people over there on the beach
What's that guy that used to call all the time I'm QAM what's the guy's name
Every time that's all he would talk about is how Larry King over the money used to call Bill Carter he put Bill in his grave
We won't call too many you know what I'm talking about if they if the this guy that's all he talks about he lives for the day
Oh yes yes I do remember yeah that he can get a hold of Larry just one last time right paying back for all the
New and take a break party boy hey I'll take a break when I'm good already okay it's the guy named Rick Riley show okay I'll break whenever the
I'm ready we'll do the news whenever I'm ready whatever I feel like it okay okay no other long company I mean how can you be
On here for like 40 years like Rick Riley and do the news three minutes after the art you know I'm saying Rick you're a good guy but come on start catching up with a
Format will you please you jackass you phony baloney get with it what do you expect from a guy it's got a weasel for a pet
Another Sunday night another amateur tries a new career you know the line keep your day jobs
But listen Sunday nights at 11 for Neil won't like it and if you dare the syndrome to events step up to the microphone
1401 North Bay Causeway Miami 3 3 1 4 1 Neil won't like it Sunday nights at 11 a news talk and entertainment radio
16 W I O C stand major now a news talk radio 610 W I O D if you missed the last show you
Miss this well then what the hell is your problem can is in New York
Well he was doing sure I don't want came back I just told you that well then who do you want I do do you want you want Alan
Burke I think you want joy Reynolds then what the hell do you want in the air silence is that all we have to do you give me a name
But is that all you want is that all we have you kind of content do you want during two to six I
did hear the next stand major show this afternoon it too on this talk radio 610 W I O D
Unbelievable and I couldn't get a contract that was so great and I couldn't get a contract stand
God sweetie how do you how where are you living now Lakeland Lakeland yeah you know where that is oh God what
Where do you want me to live where what kind of kind of come in coming from a guy who was doing a show in clear water how do you like that right
And the Nazi headquarters over there that's true give me a name what name where do you want me to live
Yeah listen let me play this one to this second I prefer stand major I prefer stand major I prefer stand major I
Definitely prefer stand majors. I prefer stand major. I prefer stand major. I prefer stand major
I prefer stand major I personally don't there you have it nine out of ten doctors prefer stand major over general anesthesia
I heard Nick Lawrence's voice Nick and boy Gary was in there too
Also known as Gary Bruce
Hope he'll come stuff boy Gary on here up there that would be bad I blew him out of Cleveland
You know I got better ratings than he had is that what a wise on
I'm on eore and yeah, I don't know what bullshit excuse me. I don't know what crappy
But whatever was did you say the ballstroy belay is that what you were saying with your motorcycle buddy? Yeah
Yeah, he's out of there too. Oh, is it gone and then see anybody
What that was yes mcay?
Oh, he still hasn't lost it. He's still got it
Congratulations
Congratulations Neil and twilight I at 12 30 last night on 125 stations. I did the same thing
So I'm gonna believe this somebody sends me a portable toilet. It says here's to 20 years down the toilet
Oh the speakers in the back
And it's a place called 225 unlimited toilet bank. It's a place that sells like little make-believe toilets
Let's just reminisce with about W. Steeves for just a second. Yeah, wait
Well, which time the first time you were there the second time the first time okay
With the bullet holes in the right right
The bullet holes in the front of the building and me doing a program with an umbrella
You remember that well? I don't know well no way man. There was I'll tell you a better one than that
There was a day when we had a torrential rain
And on the front door do you remember this yeah the front door the station was like warped and there was a big opening between
Remember the at the bottom of the front door in the sidewalk and like gallons and gallons of water came pouring in our flagless
Street into the building and I can remember the phone guys crawling around on their hands and knees
Putting that what is that stuff they put on a context that kind of like a dust or somewhere
Where the hell it is to try to drive the phone context and they got done like about two minutes to eight
I'm sitting there in bare feet
Doing a talk show waiting to get electrocuted at eight o'clock on a Monday night. I remember
Yeah, that the only good thing about that location is you can walk across the street and get some of the best the guys in the world
Yeah, that way that made it worthwhile. Yeah, that's it
Well listen, it's great to talk to you and
Congratulations. I've been reading all the newspapers stuff about you and I'm glad they rediscovered that you're still in the market
Yeah, like once every 20 years they figured it's you know worth while they bite their tongue and they write something
I said, Bob, you know how that goes. Yeah, who else is there because I I haven't been listening the last 10 minutes
So my women you didn't hear the Larry King call no
Yeah, everybody so help me as as my hand to the sky if you ever hear the Larry King call that I got you will wet your pants at least 40 times today
Was your wake? He was he was like semi-encoherty called on him. He was on a plane to LA
The first connection we had was so I said it sounds like Larry King and a Ron Popeel
Vigimatic Blender that's what it sounded like and then he actually called back again on a better connection to kiss my ass
I have never I have never seen a man who's made more billions by licking ass than this man
And he even licked mine in fact
I'm gonna get myself a goddamn tattoo that says Larry King lick this. I'm gonna get a tattoo right on my hands
I got a bumper sticker says how many jobs has Larry King got for you? Yeah, exactly
Yeah, yeah, firmware is gonna put one of those on his guard too. So in other words, it was a normal Larry King call. Yeah
It was just
I have a collect cost in Larry King
Yeah, there you go
Typical Larry King call you got it
That's that's something. Well hang in there Stan. Hey listen. I called on the 524 number
You think I'll ever get back in your good crisis so I can have a VIP line so I don't have to read dial 100 times
Yeah, might cost you
Haha
I good luck. See you everybody. Bye
You know how quick he got off as soon as I said cost him. Hey listen. It was well worth it John Lynch and ESEA
Hey Neil in Chicago. I'm sorry. This is Alex Bennett. Yeah sounds like it sounds like a real boring guy
Happy anniversary. You're a good guy job. But you always were boring except when you got drunk at a party
That's Disney but Disney quit drinking, you know, did he really? He quit since January all the red is gone out of his face
I think that was only since he got Howard off the year. Oh, yeah
I think that's when the red came back in with space when it knocked Howard off
So ESEA how you doing? I'm good. I'm doing great
I don't know. Luis Miguel Luis is he's ready to rock and roll. He's ready for you. Yeah
I sure like to see that
So how is this thing doing up there? Is he bringing that place to a great heights like he did here? Well
That's the new the new format on CKG
We're in the toilet again. Every four two. Yeah. No, no, everything's going fine here
Um, we do miss you though quite a bit. Yeah, but
Nothing quite like you on the air up here. Uh-huh. That's for damn sure
I mean, there's nobody going around talking about everything else that goes on so uh
You know, we really can't live like Harris. We've got to live like Harris. We truly should. Yeah, sure. Just like here. Mm-hmm
Well listen, that's a real exciting John
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
And it's great hearing from you especially ESEA. Don't take it personal. John you're okay
But ESEA sees uh goddess. What can I tell you? Oh, thanks Neil. I love you
What do you miss you? It's only because she used to bring you checks
No, that's only because she went to the Luis Miguel concert with me and she was drooling just as much as I was
Well, listen this October will fly you down special for another up close look. Okay sweetheart
Okay, take care of yourselves
You give Disney a big kiss happy anniversary now. Thanks a lot. Bye. Bye. God was that boring. Okay 1238 now. She's I love ESEA and by the way
That's not how you spell ESEA. Okay, it is
Listen Holyo. That's not how you spell ESEA
ISIA
Yeah
Spells ESEA does what it no
I don't think so. I don't know what else that would say. Oh look at this here's the bookie
Did you hear that call yesterday? Oh good. You wouldn't have showed up today if you would have
So anyway, if your favorite bookie joint is burned down no problem at all because the pizza loft will be back in operation soon
Yeah, a guy kid called up some holy only said that his best friend used to place all his bets
Did you hear it? Right at the pizza lot. There's a guy up there
What do you say the guy's name was Mike or some one of your stiffs and he said that they were working out running a bookie joint up there
Yeah, I see you got that expensive house Jeff
Jeff Cohen comes out of the closet today on six 10 W I O D, okay? You don't remember about him
Yeah, stand out the most of my mind is when they catered the
Donnie Osmond show. Yeah, I do remember that always remember that for some
There you can remember how Donnie Osmond had his shirt buttoned up
He was sitting right where a broker Brian is right now and he had a shirt buttoned up to his the bottom of his chin
Not that he was nervous being in here with his wife buttoned up the extra button remember
She was really nervous. He was a great guy, but she was very uptight
Right very room. Yeah, it's gory psychotic down touch him. Don't touch him. Sorry honey. He's a hairy and old now. It's all yours
Anyway 1240 W. ID. What are you laughing about Craig
This week in pop-toe park the racing action heats up the Philly and Mayor Pacers now this is
I don't think this is right, you know, I
Don't think this is right anyway the top trotters were off in the exciting finals of the Van Lennon Memorial Series
That's tonight, but the Philly and Mayor Pacers is that was last night wasn't it?
Hey, listen, we don't care about that. Just send us the money over here. That's all we care about dick on the weekends at pop-toe park
Bob Green says yes, that's it just put the check in a mail
We don't care about the copy that's window dressing
Anyway, uh pop-toe park with cymbal casting from the middle lands full card tonight in tomorrow night
By the way fat rich will not be there tonight, so you got a chance to win. Okay, none of that know that BS
Floor show
Along with the great hardest racing action. There's fine dining on the top of the park you get a great mirror
You get all kind of a floor show and fact probably my good friend Melissa Roostery will be there from the Escom Sentinel
And super Dave. Oh, she's your good friend. That's right. Yeah, that's right. She loves me. She loves me
She didn't realize she loved Dave
Super Dave. Remember him? Yeah, he's still around and he's still real fat
Exactly good times great food great racing made for a night out
You'll remember for a long time at pop-toe park racing every night except Tuesday and Sunday post-time every night
Including tonight 730 in the BM
So for the L has up the Andy from rafters to leaflets to jet fighters with missiles
What's the next move?
We'll keep you posted. The best news is news talking entertainment radio
610 W I O D
Oh
20 years in my
And the home of the strange
Would have thought it would happen will not make me change
The more I
The
And the
The
20 years in my
And the
And the
And the
Wow
batteries
Can
Detail
it
The
People are coldly rimmed though here, but when they're in hot,
Summer and Tony is lyraking, spaded false hearts.
The false turning blue and the delts to see it red,
Palm beaches yell, the dream light is dead.
All people come here to die, but the young ones get shot.
Where the easy my enemy don't escape life.
The whole world comes and it's focused, and it's on your guide.
Share it with women, make sure they're in wings.
And riots, bad diets, and war and hate.
Can I also want a toothpick, nor could I say goodbye?
Sometimes I feel that life is passing by.
Okay, 1246 at WID, so anyway, this is just out of control today.
It's been a dynamite.
Here's a fact from Jerry Sullivan.
Jerry Sullivan?
He's now the general manager of WBDN in Clearwater.
BDN.
So from Miami, and then of course when they demoted him here,
he was driving the overnight news truck.
Remember that?
That's a true story.
That's the kind of company Cox broadcasting is Jerry Sullivan.
One day he was the general manager.
The next week he was driving the overnight news truck out on the streets.
I think it was the program.
The PD, yeah.
That's right.
Is that incredible?
Remember that.
In fact, from program directly, the only thing more exciting that will be when I come in next on Monday,
and Steve Nichol is taking to Roberto's job, that'll be dynamite.
You know when he starts cleaning the toilets and doing stuff like that?
Which would be good because usually as his head down near one anyway, most of the time.
So that's great.
Well, I sure don't know what WBDN is in Clearwater.
Clearwater.
Probably a big e250 walk.
Yeah.
After research.
Here's a gameless conduct, Alan Eagleton and the Corruption of Hockey by Russ Conway, a book
from my good close personal friend, Jeff DeForest, who buys me a hockey book, which is incredible
because he don't know nothing about it, but thanks, Steve.
Well, I love a guy.
Okay, you're really something.
Now, speaking of Siddler Van, I don't know what to tell you.
Now, wouldn't you think if he was a man she would be here today?
The first guy I worked for in Miami 20 years ago.
I don't know what he really was.
He really was the...
Yeah, but that was in the old days.
He once I changed the style of the show.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, then all of a sudden I was like a piece of crap.
Just like that goddamn Disney man, when he went up to Chicago, you know, he was singing a different tune.
What do you think you'd call him would think of you today?
Who?
You call like he's rolling over in a grave.
You know what I'm saying?
She's saying it's the most disgusting show.
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
Happy 20th year.
Thanks, Mike.
How's Howard doing?
I mean, how's things going?
Oh, that was good.
Good, good.
I'm actually in Los Angeles right now.
Are you really?
Yeah.
We just had a call from John Lynch and ESEA.
Oh, my God.
They weren't there with you, were they?
No, no, no.
I think they...
Are they still working for us in Chicago?
No, they said no, as a matter of fact.
They said there's been a massive rebellion since you went to LA and when you come back, you got a couple of supplies.
I don't know what they meant by that.
I'll be back tomorrow.
Yeah, there you go.
So what's going on, Disney?
Oh, I don't know.
I just...
I went inside Joe and I was born last night.
We're seeing the gin blossoms tonight.
Yeah.
Just kind of hanging out doing that LA thing.
In fact, John Lynch said that you've given up drinking, that you're knows that your whole head is all over the...
That blood is drained back into your system now and that you're...
You know, you've lost that beet red complexion.
Yeah, I don't have my eternal suntan.
Oh, thank God.
That's probably from being in Chicago, not from Mother Drinking Part.
Right, right.
Trying to clean up my life.
Yeah.
You're my inspiration.
Sure.
Yeah, just...
Yeah, exactly.
Well, I was thinking about you.
You know how that is, Mike.
I just got overwhelmed.
Absolutely.
I think back to those great little meetings, we used to have at Denny's when we were putting our deal together.
Yeah, those planned destined meetings.
That's another thing about the class of this corporation, they got $8 billion.
Where do they take you to meet you when they want to hire you to impress you with what a bunch of big spenders they are?
They meet you at Denny's.
You know, even a guy from GBS.
What the hell was his name?
GBS.
Danny De La Retta.
Even Danny De La Retta.
In fact, he took me to Denny's, so I'd say it's an equal match, okay?
Unbelievable.
I used to go to those meetings.
A Denny's in 125th.
In fact, I think that's right.
Isn't that where we cemented the deal, my good friend Saul Fouce.
By the way, a Saul, like in a prison near you, or where is he these days?
I think he's near you.
I heard he was in some country club prison in Orlando or something.
Is he?
Yeah.
Because God, I could sure use a good agent, man.
You don't need an agent.
He never got any of my, okay?
Yeah, that's what all you general managers always tell us.
That's a good agent.
We'll take good care of you.
Well, I just want to call it a happy 20th.
Oh, thanks, Diz.
You bet.
And we miss you.
That's the way we are.
And boy, Gary, you know, boy, Gary's starting Monday in the voice palm of JNO.
No, he's not.
Yes, he is.
Are you serious?
I swear to God, swearing you cola cats in time.
He's going to be the PD and cold morning host.
And we, the tears are in our eyes.
And he wants to sample cats, your show.
Exactly.
Have it right here.
Take care.
See you.
Back.
Like Disney, boy, he's pretty boring.
So he's, he's an okay guy.
He's got a boring.
Oh, okay.
Well, that just wasn't what I was going to say.
And he's Irish.
What would you know?
I noticed that's right.
You never got a chance to speak to him.
Thank God.
Yeah.
Why was he one of your favorites?
That would be one way of putting it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I, uh, what do you want me to say about mine?
Whatever you would like to say.
Well, he's off the phone now.
Yeah.
No, I'm not.
I was a good time to talk.
Yeah.
He's an LA.
He can't hear you.
Oh, that's right.
No, there's nothing.
I can say on the air about Mike Disney.
So we'll just let it go.
Just light along.
It's, yeah.
Yeah.
Coast.
Well, coast.
No, that's over here.
Oh, Annemarie.
On the coast, Wendy Bennett.
By the way, sure hope Wendy got some of the food.
Okay.
There's like 5,000 pounds of food.
You did.
Eat something.
Please, Wendy, I'm begging you.
Have you noticed since you were here last, Wendy Bennett, you have to look like real close.
Like a, like a pencil, like a walking pencil.
If she had an eraser, huh?
She looks great.
See, he's into that look.
What?
And our exit?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's why he keeps playing all his carin carbon records.
Yeah, he just relates to it.
And, but she had to play the food I saw.
I was on KAT.
Some old fart.
Maybe you remember it's one of our typical old nasty, wonderful, lovely, soft food of beach people.
Call.
Mr.
You'll never last six months in this time with a goddamn attitude you'll got.
You'll be out of here in six months.
And the best part of it is we know he's dead or the noor nail.
Okay.
This old fart is pushing up daisy somewhere, probably pushing up weeds in a pickle pad somewhere.
He's dead dead.
And I'm excited to be here.
If for no other reason, that motor to be motivated, but whatever it is.
Use talk and entertainment radio.
Six, ten, W-I-O-D.
Well, see, that's good.
It's selective.
You know, as we get older, we pretend all my memory is failing.
You know, I'm getting my Alzheimer's now.
I can't remember who the hell you are.
And of course, it's not by accident.
Who the hell have we gone here?
Oh, speaking of Miss Anorexia.
Hello.
Oh, she probably weed in one of her liners next door.
Wendy Bennett, she's saying, it's 82 along the coast.
That's what she's doing right now.
And making like five bucks an hour.
So who the hell can afford to eat?
Wendy, it's only a four hour show sweetheart.
Come on, we fed you this morning again.
Johnny Dorx says he'll come in here and do like a couple of extra hours for you.
What do we unhold?
It's not just Hank Goldberg.
It's a hip hop hot of us.
How come we even had to call from Hank yet?
No, the only reason I got that out of the way was so I could play.
Johnny Dorx, then it's hot.
Just so I can get that on.
Just in case anybody forgot from yesterday.
Wendy, are you there?
Wendy, sweetheart.
Okay, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hi.
You know something if I could scream this loud and write you the wall here too.
Oh, break, I said hold on.
From through a break.
I'm sorry.
What kind of crap are you playing right now?
Who you got on right this moment?
Listen, I got commercials going but I was too lazy to walk down to ten feet.
So I thought I would just call.
Well, thanks a lot, Wendy.
I'll have to two zero, man.
Yeah, thanks.
I thought this party out there was for me but I was wrong for you.
For you, we could bring in a teacup full of food and that would be enough.
You know what I like.
You know what I like.
Your audience could totally be wrong and I'm pressing about whatever.
You're a day man so I'm not going to spoil it.
This call is from ten feet away, right?
You hear the notice of quality.
Yeah.
Yeah, she's in the other room.
She's on the other side of the same wall.
I don't know if it's important things to do with that.
No, but I'm talking about the great equipment we got in this building.
The coxist is with $8 million internally within the building.
You sound like you're calling from Uranus.
Well, yeah, we could drink a ten-year.
Yeah, it sounds like Larry King.
You're on Larry King's left.
It's like Larry King's left.
Yeah, kind of.
Well, thanks, Wendy.
Hey, good luck to you in the next 20 years.
Thanks a lot.
All right, take care.
He planned that glory as the fun.
We'll do that.
See ya.
All right.
So anyway, I guess Gloria and her husband are taking me out voting this weekend and on her, my anniversary.
Stay away from her.
Yeah, that's what I heard.
Don't go too close to Gloria.
If you see her coming down the road, just, you know.
Turn.
Just steer clear.
I love those PSAs she's doing for safe voting.
If anybody knows, you know what I'm saying?
If anybody knows about safe voting.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Uncle Neo.
Jess.
I just wanted to wish you before I sing my song, a good performance.
You and all the other Jewish guys there.
Thanks.
And an easy fast on Monday.
Hi.
What is it?
Kind of faster on Monday.
Oh, hey, V.
I'm George to look it up on the calendar.
So what does that mean?
I'm Tuesday, Easter, Hamentation.
I got a whole box.
I got two boxes of Hamentation here.
But you said you don't want me to bring it, because they've got...
No, I'm taking them home to my mama.
Okay.
See you mama.
I'll bring you some more.
Okay.
Anyway, here's your song, Uncle.
Yo, Mahashana.
Samaya.
Yo, Mahashana.
Samaya.
Hi.
Yo, Mahashana.
It's him.
Shani.
Neil Rogers.
Thank you, Ray.
Like, yo, Mahashana.
Licha.
We love you, Neil.
Beautiful.
Happy anniversary.
Thanks a lot.
Bye-bye.
Good, Purr-um.
Good, good.
Nobody else have had people.
Anymore, nobody calls up and says, um...
Can I call my brother?
Can I call my friend a douchebag?
They don't do that anymore?
Not quite as much.
We kind of cured him.
Happy Purr-um.
Well, she still calls, by the way, the cockamone lady.
Oh, good.
But those things are past it.
Oh, here's an important call.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, it is.
Thank you for picking up my call.
I just call to say happy anniversary.
This is an important call, right?
Oh, my God.
Go ahead.
What have you been doing for such a long time?
What?
Nick Lawrence.
Wow.
I didn't recognize your voice, Nick.
This is the best producer and radio.
The guy that got me those two male models from the...
From the Elton John video I was talking about just the other day.
That was my last active...
That was his last act of benevolence and kindness and great deed.
And I'll never forget it as long as I live.
It is, Nick Lawrence.
Yes, it is.
Yes, Nick.
In fact, we just heard your voice on that I prefer Stan Major, card two.
I was on that?
Yes, you were on that.
My stuff was gone.
I hear that some of my friends are down there.
I speak like a call and say hello and walk into much trouble.
Yes.
And what about when Steve's call coming in?
Mr. Kane probably will try and call because he asked me what time you go off the air.
Right.
Tell him when I come on the air.
That's when he goes off the air.
He forgot what time to show in.
Yes.
I'm sure he did.
You're called.
Don't worry.
Don't forget Steve, we know you're listening right now.
We're waiting for your call with Bated Breath.
I'll make him get on the phone.
Make him get on it.
Okay, thanks, Nick.
See ya.
Nick Lawrence, there you go.
That's a real guy right there.
Yeah.
Huh?
He's going to be on the Mark Walberg show next week.
On the Mark Walberg show?
He is doing what?
On the sixth.
What's he going to be doing?
He's got all these talk show hosts from all over the country.
Yeah.
I saw Randy Roode on one of those talk shows.
I think he's going to be on a Danny Bono douchebag show as well.
I think.
And I'm getting ready.
What is that?
Oh, I thought you just left.
Oh.
More annoying than Latoya Jackson.
W-I-O-D.
Miami Ford Lutterdale.
Use, talk, and entertainment radio.
610-W-I-O-D.
The best news, period.
610-W-I-O-D.
In-date in action in West Von A36 approaching the tow plaza.
Accident clearing north on US1 to north of 304th Street.
And keep in mind the Grand Prix of Miami kick-off today at the Homestead Mortisports Complex.
Expect delays in the area.
Especially the Homestead Extension other term pike.
Emerald Palms is now leased.
He's spectacular one in two bedrooms.
As well as gigantic townhomes.
Scott 233, 2020.
22.
This is marable.
First six 10-W-I-O-D.
Esos carros, Felizio.
That is Neil.
All right.
The 610-W-I-O-D weather channel forecast.
Partly cloudy.
High around 85.
84 degrees right now.
What is it?
I don't know.
Oh, I don't either.
You know, Neil, I feel really bad.
I don't have an ass cake for you.
All I can give you is my greatest respect and admiration and appreciation.
Well, thanks Jennifer.
We love you.
I love you.
Everybody loves you.
I gave Larry a king-and-ass cake and guess what?
He licked it.
So anyway, you were saying.
I can't give you a piece of it.
But thanks for everything and congratulations.
Well, when you find Vinnie, we'll sure a piece of that.
Okay.
I get in first.
I get in first.
We got a little pretty May I think.
A station that delivers free sets.
A library.
A delivering sweet-hands.
All weekend long.
You can qualify by winning video cassettes of the movie deliverance.
We require the tuneless and the radio all weekend long.
The same thing.
The grand prize winner will be flown to Doze in Georgia for a canoe trip for two
down the Kahoodle-Lassie River, including accommodations in beautiful entry.
It's easy to win.
Now let's you just drop them back.
Let's go to the right.
All the pain is...
Look, Mom.
This is the 10th floor.
Every time you hear that baby, it's going to like a bell.
It's clean.
It's a deliverance weekend long.
We can fall.
You're almost stationed.
Get your word.
You 95.
You son of a bitch.
Okay, 107 at W1.
Scott and Laura Schwartz are here.
Scott, of course, the great general manager of WTMI.
You're a pseudo-inlectual classical station.
What is that?
Oh, it actually brought me a gift.
It's probably like Mozart's greatest hits or some cock-a-round like that.
We're celebrating our 25th anniversary.
Yeah.
Oh, beautiful.
That's a good pen.
It's one of those like, what are those?
Like a fank-mom block.
Costed by 98 cents.
And falling in love with classical music from WTMI.
All you soods out there, baby.
Here you go.
Thanks so much to our good friends at WTMI.
I only wish that their audience was alive.
But nonetheless, they have a very high rank in it.
And they're because they're all fancy, fancy and drive expensive cars.
That's what they want.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, happy anniversary.
Thank you so much.
Last night when the screwed one got that penalty.
Yeah.
The potman gave you a tribute.
He goes into his, he's there to say, un and a third.
Oh, that's a bad break.
And then he paused for a minute and then he went back to unbelievable.
Un, believable.
Yeah, notice he's been saying that a lot lately.
I've had a tremendous impact on these even though she wanted to admit it.
Yeah, those two guys are something else.
Yeah.
That last goal, they scored her about a 20 seconds.
16.9 seconds left.
It was one of the saddest moments in my life.
For that, if we do that great job killing off those penalties and we're like just absolutely on fire,
we missed the empty net twice.
Two barns is like psychotic theory.
He just can't put it away and the puck either.
And then we blow it.
But we'll take the point.
Yeah.
The Chris Mort says, you know, oh, they're saved by the Mb's broken.
And there's like 20 minutes of dead air, 20 seconds of dead air.
Yeah.
And he finally comes up with, oh, it's in the net.
Yeah, he said it trickled through.
And I think he was talking about the puck too.
Yeah.
Well, thanks a lot, pal.
Okay.
Have a great life.
Okay.
So anyway, first of all, before I'm sure that Norma is going to get really emotional about the next call,
but before we do that, what the hell was I just...
Are you arranged to do that?
Or you arranged the next call?
Well, you know, now that we got JC here, this is small potatoes.
How you doing, Brian?
Hey, Neil.
Happy anniversary.
Here's the star of WFTL, a budding star on the horizon over there.
I want to call two people, douche bags.
Yeah.
First, I want to call the Pizza Hut delivery man who came to my house yesterday morning in douche bag.
And I'm always listening to you because he had you on in his car.
And I also want to call my friend John, a douche bag, because he follows you around to every personal appearance,
back he needs to go with him.
And he always says, oh, Brian would have been here, but he didn't show up.
And I said, well, in that case, why don't you get out of here, John, because I sure don't want to see you.
So he is a douche bag.
So why don't you show up, Brian?
What's the problem?
Did Norm get you all paranoid and nervous that night?
What are you talking about?
I mean, that night that you came to the Pizza Hut.
Yeah, I remember that.
My friend John tricked me.
I didn't know that that's where I was going.
Yeah.
I guess that was the same way when Norm took your home that night.
You didn't know where you were.
I mean, it's just a joke.
It's just a little joke.
That's just a joke.
How come Larry King said such bad things about you in the newspaper?
But then, do you didn't hear his call before?
He kissed my ass right here on the air.
My cheeks are blushing.
Larry King kissed my ass right here on the radio from a call on a plane to LA.
What did he say?
Good question.
That's the question of the day.
Yeah, he was somewhat in coherent.
But I think what he said was,
Hi, this is Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
Something like that.
Yeah.
Was he with one of those 19-year-old girls that he hanged out with?
I don't know.
You don't know more about that than I would, Brian.
Uh-huh.
That's true.
Yeah.
Anyway, Neil, are you going to be on the air?
How many more years are you going to be on the air?
I would say not too many, hopefully.
Four or five.
Four or five.
You're grooming the seat for you, Brian.
After you do your internship at WFTL.
How about your internship?
After you get into a real radio station.
My community, sir, it is a real radio station.
What?
One thousand watts of power, man.
I'll tell you one thing.
I'll tell you one thing.
Last night compared to QAM, you guys were a woman.
I'm leading the game.
QAM must be, now that it's been sold,
they've cut their power out of two watts at night.
You couldn't hear it like right outside the arena.
And remember what a signal that used to have.
Yeah.
I think they're getting public service credits for that.
Now, you've lasted 20 years.
How long is Boy Gary?
How many days is Boy Gary going to last doing morning's a J&L?
What is up with that?
This guy asks this question.
It's Brian the board up and part time talk show host at WFTL.
You're a full time talk host?
This stays a week.
At what time?
All different times.
Or overnight.
And then I'm on Saturday evenings as well.
Yeah.
Well, overnight's from like what three to five in the morning's
three to six.
So you follow the famous Mark Scheinbaum.
That is correct.
Who is a legend in his own mind in the industry.
Oh, saying wow.
Is it that guy that's wanted in 17 states?
Yeah.
I know that if I were working from midnight to three on a 250-watt radio station,
I would say that I'm a legend in the industry too and be a member of the American Talkers Association like Mark Scheinbaum.
Tell him you want midnight to three.
Stick his ass on from three to six, Brian.
Well, the theater bulge is listening.
That's something good to find.
There you go.
Get this kid on when there's somebody still awake.
Okay, don't put him on there where everybody's got their head on the pillow.
So to speak.
Well, listen, thanks, Brian.
It's good hearing from you.
And Norm says, love and kisses.
You got off of there quick when I said that.
A little out of it, I would say.
What's that, Brian?
Yeah.
Well, he's under a lot of pressure.
He's under a lot of duress.
I think like a pink duress.
Huh?
So, yeah.
I'm gonna come on.
You can do it.
Speaking of words, don't say a word just a second.
So, Florida cries out.
Take the bird and pluck him.
Around the bird, across the bird, across the bird, across the bird, across the bird.
Around the bird, across the bird, across the bird, across the bird, across the bird.
You too, all the way no?
and
that
and you know something i haven't seen that card in years
and i've just been in that thing around like a drapedal today and there it is you see
classic
only already played
i had to break the news to johnny were way ahead of you okay you better go back to your marty robins records johnny were way
and so killing
cc
craig yes
it is craig is pregnant yes
so i take back sorry kelly because i know she loves me she's called a show a few times in a past
but i can't imagine that somebody really stuck a bicycle pump up her butt net you can't thirty pounds overnight you know
that was the other way that's got lora's bratty little kid making all i know is just in case you wanted
okay to add to the ambiance
take them and take your kids in a tmi while a clang while a moats are displaying lora and open a
mic for that i could just see all those all those prune faced hot potatoes sitting there listening to that classical music
all those assholes that have had a bm in twenty years listening to their a-ha a-ha
handsel and handle and gretel can you imagine that all of a city's babies that wailing around about love it
they didn't like to pluck the bird
was that the babies yeah
yeah why i think they did like uh...
yeah
right now that's right and right now that's right now that's right now that's right now that's right now
from a horse of a different feather
one fourteen at w i would either
around and around they go
and slowing down is not cool the grand free of my any
life Sunday afternoon at one thirty only on news talk and entertainment radio
six ten w i o d
thanks norm there we go start the morning six to nine a m w f t l fourteen hundred a m
if you live real near the uh... tawry can pick it up thank you steven so much let's go with a light and cut the crap
okay
so anyway it's one seventeen a w i d
this has been a day that will probably go down in the annals of broadcast history
yeah you remember this
yeah
uh... yes the anus of broadcast yeah that's what johnny said he said it'll go down in your
anus but it's a nil this is randy west and as per our phone conversation i thought to peter
north here the day
he tells me your real name is nil down
and he's still a little bit
so anyway speaking of that here's randy west production sent me a fact saying happy twenty
of anniversary on behalf of everybody we sincerely wish to congratulate uncle nil rogers
on his ability to withstand twenty years of south Florida radio we know it's been nothing but
hell for you and ceteret center from the people who work with i can't say what it says
you see what it says in the c o c o well it's a word for chickens
oh from people who work with that to the one man who can't stand working for cocks as in broadcasting
we love you nil keep it up your friends and all how you like that from that ugly a washed out randy
west wow yeah when it out act burned out he's a good guy but boys he ugly here's a uh oh
geez almost knocked over enemy is a thing there here's our friend hi here's the slip not
sliding lady that's me you know something you haven't seen our birded friend here in years
no i haven't you remember the not slanting lady sure you'd be in shock to see her now
lost 85 pounds no it's the not slanting slash milrose place lady that's me yeah yeah well i know
i'm not the caliber of call that you've been having but i had to call thank god for that well yeah
you're no stand major you're no mic disney well i don't owe you no john lynch i owe you my life but not
any money lost 85 pounds how much do you weigh now what isn't that a terrible question
no what do you what do you ask oh i ask how much she was weight she weighed now that's the most
disgusting yeah well i didn't realize for 27 no she lost 85 pounds yeah well she's a shadow
reformer self right she has probably a few more what is it that you want johnny i want to
bop with you baby he's having fits you're almost skinny enough for johnny yeah almost
to be complimentary and in this particular case i definitely say stick with your husband you know
what i'm talking about yeah my husband's good guy right exactly stick with him but we will i don't
know what i would have done without you yeah so i had to come well i saved your life i know that
i guarantee that in fact my attorney Richard enten which i wouldn't mention his name on the
air but there's a guy that's got a puppy now that's like Mount Rushmore and i begged in the other
day get the admittance book do yourself a favor he just found out he's diabetic his triglycerides
are 600 and you know i take no diabetes medication anymore my blood sugar was 92 this morning with
no medication i'm doing so great it's phenomenal my blood pressure medicine i'm down to like a
tenth of what i was taken before my doctor calls before he's lost 40 pounds i saved my doctor's
life how do you like that that's a switch right yeah he ought to be paying me every time i go in
here he ought to have a check for me how do you like that did you send him a bill exactly he's a good
guy though it's a great diet people that that would rather take drugs and try that diet or insane
yeah they really are a lot of people out there doing that they are i'm into congratulate you thank you
that was all okay that's why he came in he didn't come here for me he came to congratulate you on a
weightlifte that was what he knew i was calling right and he knew stan would be calling oh yeah
that is good buddy disney oh yeah don't forget that one yeah that was a fill for what a call that
one you know now were you in the room when he was on the phone or were you out now i was in the
room i just really because it never dawned on me to hook you two guys up together and before you
knew he was gone because my finger was on the button so fast i'm not sure why i was kind of a
weak like Sasha i was gone like a shot i never got around to a monthing you got a safer he's
consistent he had basically nothing to say exactly perfect yeah that might have been an interesting
conversation i don't think so yeah no just count your blessing that it worked out like it did
yeah there you go ummm then's the retirement he's living the life of Riley and i'm over here
of slaving away over hot and stogie every day after day after hot bottle of sole water
yeah for us well listen keep it up okay and tell your brother to quit bugging me for hockey
together yeah well you know just a joke it's a you can bug me anytime okay have a great day
hey can you help me thanks we'd our keep it up bye so she's like a shadow of her former self do
you know how many thousands of pounds this audience has lost thanks to me and dr bobby atkins now
you uh continue to consistently as the years go by uh avoid it all cost the movie uh raging
bull correct oh i have it i know you have and i've still watched about the first you know that
opening scene that goes on for about five and a half hours with the music you know why you know
the movie that won Oscars deniro won best actor Oscar this movie that was voted by the national
critics the lifestyles jake limon movie of the eighties and you and being a big sports fan is you
are i'm sure that boxy is right up your alley beside the point it's like it's like the movie
cob that's about tie cob i watched i loved it because it was about baseball i thought it was about
cob county it is beside the point now i thought that was there was like deliverance part you at least
see pulp fiction no what's wrong with you you got to wait for fill Henry what's wrong with you a lot
the best movie i have ever seen in my life in the modern era is pulp is pulp fiction well you know
i was not on the show anymore i never had any down john you have an important call in line
eight you should know why i will not see that movie what john revolt is in pulp fiction i've had a
three or four people i've got somebody more important than you on here steve
can't pass a happy anniversary now thank god for steve cancon i thought i'd never say that but with
a bird like on a roll here thank god for any interruption at this point steve would you agree
with me that pulp fiction is a great movie i was going to open my call by saying the bird is on the
money one of the great yes just just just just just tell me just tell me what your problem i have
had three or four friends of mine who have made watch the movie say to me i'm going to tell you i
hate john tevolta i'm going to tell you this it pisses me off but i'm going to tell you i'm not the
only one i can't he was great yeah and they say he was great okay i'll watch it it's on the dish i
got you know eighty five dishes in here i can watch yes trust me a lot of it by the way bird you
sound a lot more bold and less than i heard you a lot more what bossy
what exactly does that mean steve well i suppose my psychosis would say assertive
okay yeah anyway i'll come here like it's uh he's had a lot of time to let them rest and grow you
know how that is great uh i think you in this market 20 years hard to believe i'm going to
tell you something you know it's like having a bar mitzvah steve you know what that's like you know
you you build up to it there's all the trepidation you got to go through all that business of learning
your bar mitzvah mothin your real nervous and then all the gifts start pouring you say you know
something this wasn't so bad after all pretty good this almost made it worthwhile and you didn't
have to it was probably while you were on the air that i had the lary king call oh glary
can you tell us all glary i swear to you you would be on the floor for way i'm not exaggerating
in my life i've never this is the same guy the same guy who only weeks ago on a film Henry show
said that neo-rodges is the worst talk host in the world that he's ever heard his life he calls me
from a plane in la the phone connection so bad he sounded like he was a like king and a blender
and he calls back a second time my cheeks are so red from being kissed by larry king it's
unbelievable that's a great disgusting thing i'll never exactly yeah anyway we've been through
some great times here over 20 years no question of that you remember the first day i arrived in the
market i remember the first day you showed up at w's news during by very short 10 years program
director and it was on there at night and you were like wandering around out in the outer
office with your tape under your arm from orlando and i kept thinking who the hell is this pushy
Jew and what the hell does he want you were right on the money with that and he like and he kept
he was persistent and he just kept coming back and coming back and no matter how much we said
go back to orlando we don't know what you're all about he kept plugging away and here he is
and i meant what i said in the paper this he didn't make that up you know here's a guy we've had
our differences to say the least and politically to say the very least but nevertheless here's
a guy who has taken the soft forces misfortune and by the way understand he's cooling it out right
here in florida took soft forces misfortune of putting him into an impossible position at wabc
in new york when he had like ten minutes an hour on the air comes back to this market takes a
makefully phantom radio station and makes a living out of it for himself and all these other people
and uh... i command you for that i really mean it well i must say when i read that it brought tears to my
heart you were very kind however you know the uh... the project uh... will not be complete until
we're in date county competing with you uh... uh... uh... uh... well i look forward to that uh...
terror has just stricken my heart a tremendous uh... tribute to you uncle neil and uh...
you know about eight years of so be calling me on my twenty of anniversary of my life that
was a deal you got it a good talk and you think you're okay steve high five i see a
wow he did he said you know you're pretty good except for a couple of minor character flaws
is that what he said that's what he said i didn't pick the paper you know in the paper yeah what
but i'm working on it all yeah that is what i'm gonna be sure he said he said character
he's Steve steve and like you know like i said a guy you got to make a living you got to make a living
right isn't that what it's all about right and here's a man who's taken like this uh... the
fractions the numbers are so infinitesimal and they did seriously and made it into a living
eight eight million spots an hour and uh... rose fordra is pd and even buddy but paxen with his
brilliant programming knowledge couldn't outdo the programming on the light bulb so he buys the
station leaves it all the same yeah if it she doesn't do i mean when buddy but can put better programming
on than uh... you can and you know you know you know what i'm saying look at all the great stations
he's got yeah look at the man who by the end of this year will own twenty five hundred radio
stations in america not one of them will be worth listening to now that's a talent you know i'm saying
well seriously how many formats can you come up with it nobody will listen to when when johnny dark
and myself work together in the sixties yeah there are soda buddy but wasn't he a local
salesman and one of the radio stations and we he bought one he bought one he did i'm sorry you
remember he still owes me my two weeks from one right right right when i went back one day right
and then i went back to how i remember yeah yeah yeah and i called him one day said i'm a
board again christian i never screw out you out of money and then all of a sudden i heard the dial
tone buddy but buddy buddy buddy he's my buddy hallelujah oh i wonder you know i should have asked
if they also on the light bulb have to uh... read that manual i think they do you know that christian
manual at the buddy but puts out on i'm serious i have a i will bring it on monday if i remember i
have a copy i obtained through clandestine means you have to read and sign this uh...
wait remember i read some of that on the air yeah and uh... in jesus name et cetera and so on
and then you have to jenny reflect and cross yourself and make the sign of buddy bud and etc
incredible 128 at w i o d either it's a technological breakthrough pound i o d mobile one cellular
customers can call for free pound i o d may see a few wireless customers can call for free pound i o d
only number to remember pound i o d free from mobile one cellular AT&T wireless and news talk and
entertain my radio six ten w i o d would you like to read headlines like dan rather grasp
world events like watercrunkite explain the news to the public like peter jennings
no and there's a trading center just for you the bird school of newscasters the bird school
of newscasters will teach you to relate the news on radio or tv in an unforgettable way
people will be talking about your newscast all day after you grasp just a few pronunciation
techniques you'll be saying things like a girl says pull out plans for order after new
evacuations of the peace agreement suggested it may rather new evaluation to the piece of
the evacuation or evaluation i'm sorry it's about the evacuations of the peace agreement
and have a few highlights from a thousand secret tape recorded you'll learn to pronounce
different government programs such as not to chop social security benefits and keep the public
aware of top world events and the CIA would have to assess the countries or assist the countries
and the bird school of newscasters will assess you in pronouncing foreign terms new vo
newvo newvo newvo newvo learn the pronunciations of geographical areas like
1920s movie star and cancer graduate Charles buddy roger hanses and other geographical areas
such as iran kuhradi soviet yum yum north viet man vienna australia and cities such as
washington dg san francisco and penis arizona called the bird school of newscasters now
or right to bird school of news cancer post orssus box 10335 port laudida florida zip cold
3 3 0 0 you'll receive information on the school of newscasters as well as the school of speech
writers school of poets and the bird school of court reporters the bird school of newscasters
where we guarantee the lowest frayches so i remember so vividly i went to peat bulger one day
and i said peat are you going to continue to allow me to get away doing this news like that and he
just went oh don't change anything don't change anything like i said traffic you can easily do i
do myosos carros there you go if you can say that you're hired although you don't have the
s for it to be honest with it i see oh my god fill latsman how the hell did you how the hell did
you manage to do this in this market for 20 years did i do what this just in this market just being
i'll tell you one thing no knowing what i know now if i sat down and today with the first day and
they said okay you got 20 years of this to do i would go home and blow my brain job i mean no
question about it i don't know how you i tell you what every day is a major challenge as
stand would say if it wasn't for you i don't know i don't know what would become the
the bird has got tears i'm sure the bird is drowning in a sea of tears after female as
see it was worth my finding there was years ago yeah god yes i can't believe you have that for one
thing hasn't seen the light of day oh i got it in you hear the white i had to write the crust off of
that you hear from peat by the way bulger yeah no i'm talking to nil well
well this my show he comes all the way down here from lakeland and you think it's my show just
goes it's my 20th anniversary wait till you're this now we're all even yeah well i was just actually
i was just actually a lunch with peat and and paul castanovah guy that i'm i'm sure that you
one of my favorites yeah he's ripped off some of my best material at castanovah
oh and by the way come to find out thank god it was a joey what's his name loren said he had on
this morning and not uh viny thank god who had on for castanovah oh i'm telling oh my god look at
this the vending machine guys here whoa what we just say i'm telling no fill i'm talking to the
car i keep i was just saying that they passed along their regards as well and i know that you
you received a facts from paul and micha luis right safely over at that that's data
yes i did and uh and i said thanks mich and and and and we want to tell you how you saved
am radio for us nil saved am radio in the stout thank yeah and fm two on say it i had a lot bigger
numbers than paul does but hey you know that was uh howard was none here then that's a good excuse
rectum there you go thank you a lot Phil hey best regards happy i appreciate you see you i thought it
was full saltman it was Phil ladsman huh little saltman haven't heard from Phil saltman a long time
oh yeah uh the curdle number the kernel yeah so you remember your good friend the big
Dave over here of course i do how could i think i could forget him probably not no i'm trying
are you well this goes to show you if you think you remember that bird thing was good way to you here
this
my name is gigaro and i'd like you to know everywhere i go i hear nil ronja show young men are nice to me
they bear their chest to me there's just one problem they don't show the rest to me i am very happy
and in this country it'll be cause of the nil ronja show
it's the nil ronja show
oh the nil ronja show
so jim scowler says 137 that's what he said yeah so anyway that was good preet and i think
in honor of the great work that he did because that was a tremendous year we had on data i think
we ought to take up a collection he's you know i mean he's going through a second childhood i mean
when you're like 19 or 20 you know leave the house and you you just leave everything behind and
you pack a bag and you go out and try to find your fortune when your day's age generally speaking
when you have a good paying job in morning driver love 94 working for a good upstanding guy like
a buddy but taxon you just don't do that and go out to seek your fortune in la he said it real good
on that morning show on love before yeah so what was the problem that that i don't know
in other words if i give him your number in lakeland for money is that yeah you be sure to do that
i'll say the bird was in town the other day and he is really flush he came into a ton of money
and if there's anything he can do for you to repay you for those great days to completely change
the subject yeah i have on my my my biggest remember my marium was marium cutting my hair when you know
no i know that marium marium comes in and cuts my hair in the weeks marium is the trim lady
Larry King she gives the quickest trim and you see it and you know that hideous talk show he does
every night at nine o'clock who is it oh cool i have to say the name again i don't have a
boss yeah yeah every i've been doing this a long time every time i used to years ago every time
i would turn that show on you know yeah and i mean every time yeah i mean virtually every time
every time i turned it on Larry would go okay to Cincinnati or whatever you hit the button and you
would hear Howard Stern rule yeah yeah and and Larry would go i don't know how to do a talk show
i don't know what that means yeah and go to the next call and every single time i turned it on
he would know i don't know what they're talking about well he's been on that show he's called
into the show at the time you know thanks marium he knew exactly what i was i'm saying kiss no
since you know what it is no he knows what it is don't you know all right he's just the hardest
yeah no sense of humor no did you hear Larry King kiss my ass before
marium but she just wants to eat she don't care about me or Larry King she just saw flora's bringing
tons and tons of pizza here she says blow it out your ass fat so i can't eat that don't you
understand we're not all as skinny i'm doing great i've lost 35 pounds i'm doing good look at
this look at the look at the gigantic i'm almost down to the next shirt size if i inhale real tight
anyway it's 140 at wild all over south florida baseball players are getting ready for the new
season and so are we Tuesday Wednesday and Thursday March 5th 6th and 7th talk marlin's baseball
with defo and the marlin's live from spring training on news talk at entertainment radio
610 w-i-o-d Johnny darks and assholes
he was a big man he stood six foot two or three maybe even four was big he was a big man
weight two 40 60 maybe 200 and maybe 300 pounds he was a big man walking the hall walking the land
right in the radio riding the coast he was Johnny dark this is a story by the land name Johnny
he was a big man Johnny the big man the legendary Johnny dark he walked the land he carried a burrito
in his hand or was he just happy to see you Johnny dark was long time ago long time could have
been a year a lot of been two years a lot of been three could have been longer than that a lot of
been six could have been ten he was out of work for a very long time he was a big man tall walk the
land burrito in his hand he was Johnny dark yeah it's good for it's got a little it's got a little
shrimp underneath the thing it's a shrimp for the shrimp so anyway it's 143 at w-i-o-d
man and we heard from a list of winners here today or what huh call after call celebrity after
celebrity yeah yeah you got a lot to impress me now I don't know which was better lyrking
collar mic Disney that's right yeah right there there's a close second yeah they're sort of even
it's hard to pick one you know actually as good of a time as I'm having here today I'm really
anxious more so than usual for two because I want to like sit off by myself in a corner somewhere
and contemplate the lyrking call and see if I could no no seriously I'm trying to figure out what
it was no you're gonna be contemplating that all weekend you know what I mean I'm trying to
examine you're gonna go home you know what do you do you should take a nap or I will today I'm
under tremendous direct after that call you may not because there's one thing I wanted to say to
lyrking what word did you say exactly like what was he talking about it and don't stop looking
now you know you keep saying good you keep even saying that ever since the cause for hours
that you've been saying what was he talking about but I was positive it was going to be Phil Henry
doing a voice or so there's no way I really thought it was how could Larry King how could a man
like this a multi-millionaire known all over the I go to everywhere Europe I go to roll my go to
Berlin and you turn on CNN international he's there morning noon and night with those guy damn
suspenders and that ugly plus there he is you can't get away from him a man who's known worldwide
here's a guy that comes on a year three weeks ago we got it on tape Phil plays it every five minutes
near Rogers is the worst talk show host I ever heard in my life the worst talk host in America
and he comes on here and says Neil God 20 years and you're the best and the rest of your station sucks
whoever he's looking at the moment who's ever in front of us that's the way he's been for years
you know that exactly whoever's in tongue ring what's the question exactly how long can you lick
and don't stop doing it now that was astonishing so Johnny Darkshire got a lot of play in here I'll
tell you that now don't you think you ought to play some of this on the coast this afternoon especially
that Johnny darks an asshole one oh god what we wouldn't give to hear that just come on Johnny let's
see what kind of balls you got man just one time will own it to you in stereo on the coast oh man
with that I get better to get 95 sure huh easy can you imagine all those Julio's here and at they
would go nuts on the coast he get requests for it I wouldn't be surprised in fact you never know
might be called I have your friends exactly here's Miami hello
my brother by the way it was amazed to hear the telemundo tape a little while ago you played it during
the traffic the telemundo tape you know what I'm telling you played it during the traffic
oh yeah well it was on telemundo I could have played but instead I played it is speaking of I
will pop up on Pablo here's several men legend in their own bodies nice picture are you in a
herald by the way out they really want a picture no I know I can one I want to tell you something
this man is so fat now he can barely breathe okay it's closed now we had a listen to me we had
Larry King on kissing my ass earlier in the show which even I can't believe it was him no now
we're going to hear an alcohol stains last breath live on the radio I almost had Peter
North for you he was wound up for you yeah he says he likes his men there he likes you when you
were fat yeah now you're too thin for well he ought to love you then he ought to be obsessed with you
I'm at a restaurant here in Beverly Hills West Hollywood they got the best deal to call the
four-doucets two eggs two strips of bed two lengths so it's just hot cake with all on 99 it's
perfect on the edge just to forget the pancakes why don't you go on it well what's
wrong with you do you have a death wish you know I think I think Ted Bundy had a point too much
pornography turns you into an old state a compulsive overeater oh what I know and I know something
people are eating here all right now they've got their fingers down their throat's just thinking
about this happy 20th anniversary you know radio is the lowest common denominator the fact you've
left for 20 years proves it yeah no question about that I love you now you're really a great guy
you know you don't want anyone to know it and Rodriguez has been doing you're really well his
is it crystal said his wife said he has no energy for a woman when he's with you
please practice that's a humor you are please use a condom with Rodriguez yeah hey listen who
can tell who can tell where to find it when you got that force get in the way happy
anniversary thanks now thank you don't let us interrupt dinner no you remember the day that you
were here when he came in here and the look at that just what we need it was that back again when
he had the industrial size box of cereal you remember that no I'm not joking he ate he ate the
entire thing it was it was no seriously it's like when a school that's got like a thousand
students you know they get those gigantic like an extra when it used to be open which they're
closed now by the way here and he ate the whole thing right out of the box and that was just an
appetizer that was just for before whatever was cooking downstairs at the moment yeah it's a miracle
that's one of the seven wonders of the world that that man can still be alive and he and he's doing a
a porno with yeah with Ron Jeremy with Ron Jeremy now Randy West tried to tell him hi this is
Randy West and they don't come any better than me or Neil Rogers Randy try to tell you come in
and see Aaron Summers when she has her porno stars as guests no as a matter of fact because there's
a little problem with Aaron I'm actually a lesbian we don't want to go into it too deeply seriously
if you ever seen Aaron and a seal you've ever seen one of those seals those clapping seals in the
if you ever seen them together what do you they what do you listen
there it is she gets our seal of approval oh man the sex bitch don't worry about her too much
so anyway it's 149 and W.I. do we got a party going on here today people that we don't even
know who the how they are in here it's just incredible it's amazing it's almost
incredible but hey that's all right we got pizza we got who do we want to thank Lorenzo's
brought we got florida's all we're sunny from market didn't bring no food because he can't afford
it but he did show his beautiful red face with the white hair and we had the who crab house thank you
so much crab house the lobster and the whatever else they brought the scallops which I think
Rimmerska and who the hell brought all the steak Lorenzo's yes they've got the best meat in the
world you know that ponytail sat here eight there were like two big steaks in that one for you
and one for me one for George and one for me and Jeff Cohen Mr. I'm starving but thank God I had
real good insurance he ate both steaks he just sat down and ate and left yeah he's right there
it was really good to see no I didn't see him at all he just buried his head in the goddamn thing
with a steak sitting there he's with the wiggle with the wiggle when he walks
now you'll be much more shocked when you hear the forget about that I don't have time sorry
ponytail we don't have time for this I'm looking at the board I'm gonna give you a little clue
as to who this is on here okay listen carefully I am that him right oh my god
Joey Joey my best close personal friend
I miss kissing you on the lips baby I have my nose up kneels ass oh my god well I got news for
there's no room left in my body Larry King finished the job two hours ago
God he didn't he didn't miss an inch in a my case that's not much
well I'm calling you from the subway in New York so that you can experience the smell of urine
and reaper so how's the sandwich they doing great they live down here with me yeah no I'm at the
subway oh sorry about that they love us at subway that was a bad move that's as Joey's coming
back yeah he is yeah yeah funny Bob what a sense of humor
yeah yeah I'll be stopping by the house in our pain you're poor for you yeah it looks like
you already beat me to it so where are you living now you're not living in the big city are you
yeah I'm back in for it I'm home our weekends I just get I mean I have to experience only the best
of me also in other words you're still in plantation by me on a weekend absolutely
still have that house oh so you're the guy that comes by every certain and eggs my house
I've been trying to tell you I noticed it right me and Larry King so what's the
story you got your own W.O.R. is that network is that before after Arlene Francis gets done
and Joel Spector she died 12 years ago Neil did she and we did dinner didn't hurt you
I'm still here I know hi hi at Joey hey is that the wonderful bird yes hey man he was out
here with me we had a good time I called Joey a few weeks ago just to say hi you did yes his show
was on in Lakeland and we said some positive things about you Neil I know you can't stand it I can't
believe it positive and negative yeah there we go you didn't talk about my minor personality flaws
like Steve Cain did you all right I as a matter of fact last night you said what a brilliant
broadcast you are but I know you can't take the heat so I won't go into it yeah so anyway I want
to wish you happy anniversary I think you're the best and I mean you certainly were the best
competition I ever had I got knocked on my butt now listen I got something I want to play for
you okay Joey all right you'll love this this week Max listen carefully even the competition
agrees the Neil Rogers show on WZTA Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale in the Palm Viches is the best
morning show in South Florida even the other morning shows listen to the Neil Rogers show on
date of four I have my nose up kneels I asked sure sounded like a joy how do you remember that
well how could I Neil what can I say you said it all right yeah we called Joey or Joey called
us when yeah we used to and that's one thing we'll say for Joey we can't say much else especially
with Bill Marshall in the room but the one thing I can I can say is that he at least he and we
had Tanner called before they let him out for a couple of days Tanner was on a phone and
said he find out sunny Fox hasn't called it pisses me off but at least all you other guys the only
one that was uptight about us calling on here was the Budell yeah and he also did call today and I
mean Richard's in tears about it hey Joey was just great I remember that when we got you getting
carried away well yeah I just want to give you a big kiss I'm stopping by the house tomorrow
yeah man yeah you'll see a big four sales sign on a house Joey good luck to pal all right I love
you go hang in there see okay those were great days when you come in the studio and kid you I
miss the best yeah he used to smell like a walking French horror house too God what a joke so
anyway it's 154 W I O D used talk entertainment radio 16 W I O D
traffic backed up on 95 and there's an accident there and there's an accident on the
palmato near 200 and 238 street and somebody died somewhere else I think on 38 street or something
and that's bi versus bi of traffic I have your own my own carros exactly to my two carros on the highway
probably I'll go in real slow over by the airport so do we have like who's that on a
bad line right now nobody thank God okay all the important people are now it's ringing W I O D
okay all right that long line what is it what do you mean wrong line how they hung up
like I said so we're almost out of time let's do one or two of these because these poor bastards I
feel sorry for them really and if you believe that here's Kendall hello Neil and the bird this is
a it's like a time warp today it's warped yeah you got it I've been on since 10 30 minutes
been worth every minute you've been on hold since 10 30 yeah it's why must be turning purple by now oh
I am god it's been worth every minute Neil I just want to thank you and the bird because I started
listening back in June of 89 and I've been hooked ever since you are basically the reason I have
stayed down here really yeah well I apologize for that that's been well worth it so what do you
think I think today we prove that like once every six years or so the bird is dynamite on his show
yeah and we can afford to feed him that off for two hours yeah the last two hours burn a little
a bit too much but I remember you notice how he started really getting into it again he started
really like like even even canoedestates you know Stan how he said he've grown a big pair and
you're like really assertive now and pretty soon you'll be sitting behind the big chair there
I still remember the first show I ever listened to you guys Neil yeah first show I ever listened to
was a beyond you yet beyond into studio for his birthday yeah yeah I've been hooked from that day on
you know something great show you know something to show you that I still haven't lost it pal that if
they they look at all these racks they think oh you don't know where anything is don't guess what
guess what you know gone down the road stop it fanning me I want to tell oh fanning what I heard
of barb and sick those star me talking I want to tell everything I know
with like I want to break up the signifying whoa people saw everybody's got to go
you know Neil told the rich Richie told the burden for it told any any told a mother tell
me I'm gonna tell everything I know you know like that yeah like that
when you remember that day when he said in here we had a signature cap on that thing he gave me one
he gave me one he gave me one yeah well thanks a lot pal so in conclusion happy anniversary thanks
for everything and kyle isley god okay wow oh Rick Edwards god yeah this is for the old
timers today yeah exactly Mike Disney god Stanley Cohen yeah well thanks a bird it's been great
seeing you and thanks to everybody and it's been a pleasure now I'll act humble and all that other
go home and open up all the good stuff and see what I got emotional stability is not what it's
cracked up today w-i-o-d Miami Ford Lutterdale use talking entertainment radio 610 w-i-o-d
