What's the subsession with Hoki?
Oh
Come again
This is
Black
Hey
another
Me.
Unbelievable located.
And it�s a high in the year
by Terry Kirkner in the center.
And now the panthers getting
across Strudland kicked it ahead
right onto the stick of Zubat.
Zubat giving goals he hits the
Florida line.
Check from behind by Strudland
Panthers will turn Strudland's
loose and here's my cup three on
one.
It's from high up to scores.
My cup has opened the scoring
for Florida.
24 seconds to go.
He hits the streaking
going up to eyes.
Where verrみ back from Florida.
Top Fitzgerald over the line.
Stores!
Top Fitzgerald and the Panthers are back in front.
Oh!
Three minutes to play in the third.
Yager to Mirana.
She has been going to the net.
Park comes out in front.
And Bill Lindsay starts back.
Here's a two on one for Florida.
Lindsay over the line.
Passes across.
Please go over.
You're ahead, Garpen-Law, it's three, one.
Panthers.
Unbelievable.
Ayame Yager said before the playoffs started this season.
He said, oh, he said, I really hate the playoffs because it
is so hard to play offensive hockey.
It's so much more fun during the regular season.
Oh, boy.
Have the Panthers ever made that a true is a mirror in this
series.
They've held this team down.
It'll be just above 2.3 goals a game in the series.
Settering pass in, but shot to flex it.
Backhander and Vs.
Brogdon Yager talked it away on the fire side.
Subok holding it in.
Countdown underway and flak it.
Set up right your team season.
They are going to stand in the finals.
As the Panthers have beaten Pittsburgh, three to one.
Ah!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
So anyway, anybody nervous out there at all Saturday like me
having a heart attack, having a major heart attack.
I'm taking my blood pressure.
I'm pacing the floor.
I'm getting on my hands and knees, which I guess I'm used to.
I'm just having a nervous breakdown, man.
Holy crap.
So if all agree, by the way, Channel 7 next door, you guys
did a great job.
Of course, the fact that they got the Fox telecast on here
might have something to do with it.
But boy, they're on top of this med like Rick Sanchez on that map.
They are squatting on it.
They are right on top of it.
They're all over it.
And of all the clips of Wayne Heizinger,
did anybody see the one?
You must have seen it where he just, he just like a kid,
just lost it.
He was right next to Scroodland there after the game.
And he's like, this is just, and he puts his head like over
on Scroodland's shoulder.
And he goes, ah!
Oh my God.
At a boy, Wayne, that's what I said.
Ah!
When it was finally all over.
Thank God.
Thank the Lord, Halle, Looia.
So it's great to see all the reals.
And by the way, Kimba Bull Camp, where I got playing to say
about you, you pusshead, you piece of walking turd.
Jesus, God almighty.
You know, these guys that are all on a bad wagon.
Now, the fans, we got room for everybody.
And I've said that all along.
But for some dumb Jack, that's another story.
And that's what we got in this town pretending to be sports
casters are a bunch of dumb Jacks.
That's what we got, including Kimba.
Oh, yeah, I heard your crap Saturday morning.
I was unlucky enough to be in the car when he's going through
that thing about, wow, these people belly-ickened about all the
empty seats through the regular seat.
See, I hate to break the news to you, Kimba.
I don't mind about, like I said, all the fans
jumping on a bad wagon because this expands the fanbase
of the best thing that we got in this town.
That's great.
But all you media people, so-called broadcasters and writers
and you're a list who have shined us all year long,
who didn't have even one Iota of interest
in hockey or the Panthers or anything, I say screw you guys.
Okay, like who are you fooling?
Like Zagaki and the Hummer over there who's still saying,
oh, welcome, we're talking about hockey.
Yeah, and as far as the man witch and all these other
and vote-jangles, dumb Jack.
That's where it's at.
So we'll be talking to the coach a little bit later on.
I'm going to give him some instructions.
You know, he's no seriously.
It's good to have a good pupil like that.
The teacher and the student, he's an excellent student, Doug.
Listen to me, you know, right on target and then we'll execute
the same way in Colorado against the Lanch.
That's got to be the worst nickname in all sports history
as the avalanche.
Everybody knows it.
First they start calling the Aves and that sounded like crap.
And now they're just the Lanch, even the name of its sucks.
1014 at WIOD attention Panther fans for the first time
in the history of the Florida franchise.
Your Panthers are the Eastern Conference champs
and headed to the Stanley Cup finals.
Oh!
In celebration of this historic occasion,
in viral mint has been licensed by the National Hockey League
to mint commemorative medallions.
What better way to preserve history forever
and extremely limited edition of 3,000 will be produced
in the one ounce 999.99.
How do you say that?
Well, no, it's 0.999 pure silver.
In other words, it's pretty damn pure.
For 2995 and only 750 will be produced with a 24-carat gold overlay
for 4995.
For the Sirius Collector Order 1 of Holy 250,
three-piece proof sets for 125 bucks.
Each proof quality medallion is individually numbered
and comes with a certificate of authenticity.
The design consists of the official Panthers logo
with the title 1996 Eastern Conference Champions.
Oh!
And the official Stanley Cup logo.
There will never be a second minute.
So if you want to get in on this deal right now,
call 1-800-288-Mint
to order your Panthers Stanley Cup medallions.
That's 1-800-288-MINT.
All major credit cards accepted lines open 24 hours
call in order before they're sold out.
Are you going to miss out?
Call them right now.
1-800-288-Mint.
Go Panthers, go up and down the ice.
Everyone...
Pfff!
Don't you ever, ever do that in my kitchen again.
Ah!
Henry, 2-60M on News Talk and Entertainment Radio.
6-10-W-I-O-D.
Ah!
Ah!
There's a buzz on the street.
I just can't get in town.
Ah!
Saturday night!
Ah!
10-17-W-I-O-D.
Will be pleased and proud to know that almost the entire
Canada country, the entire or whatever it is up there,
Yahoo! Canucks have embraced the Panthers man.
They love the underdog.
They love the Panthers.
We got a lot of Canadians on this team, a lot of Canucks.
And the only place where it will be the exception is
in Quebec, which who wants the frogs anyway, because the
Quebec Nordic are now the Colorado Avalanche.
So some of those Patrick, Wah, and Claude Lemieux fans will be
rooting for the Avalanche.
And that's good.
Who wants them anyway, like I said.
Did I just say that?
I'm wound up like a goddamn snare drum.
That's how tight I am today.
I thought I was having a heart attack for sure on Saturday.
I'm pacing the floor.
I'm like just...
Seriously, it's as close as I thought in my life,
ever to come and have a heart attack.
I just thought I'm never going to survive this.
And I did.
So what's going to be like the next seven games?
Although I don't think it's going to be seven.
I think we can beat them in six.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil, good morning.
Win is Diaz.
Thank you very much for letting me be number one to say,
God, these Panthers are incredible.
Isn't it amazing?
It's just...
I got a pinch every part of my body.
I did exactly what you said, Neil.
I have a nice big 35-inch Mr. Bishy with my nice,
big 10, perfect 10 satellite dish.
I was two inches away from that screen.
Yep.
Even my wife sat in watch to form me.
She kept saying,
how can they do that?
He can't do that.
He's never seen a game before.
And she's going ballistic.
It's incredible.
I don't think we'll be getting no punks from Pittsburgh
calling in today.
Say, oh, gee, who won the game last night?
Like, we're down on the Friday.
I think we'll be getting out of that crap.
Where's Scooby-Doo now?
Right.
He's watching.
Did you notice toward the end of the game there,
they were playing Dooby-Doo?
Right.
And it was almost sarcastic there in Pittsburgh.
But Neil, I mean, it's just...
Let me ask you one thing.
I mean, what's the young kids that we have?
Do you have any fears?
Any ask?
McLean, this is more than a bout quad Lemieux.
Meaning what?
Meaning the guys are total asshole.
And with some of the, you know, the young kids,
I mean, look what he did to Draper, you know?
Yeah.
At first of all, he's not going to be playing these first two games.
That's the number one, which it should be a lot more than that, by the way.
It should be the whole series.
And a general manager that frog with the avalanche saying,
oh, he's really disappointed and can't believe this is suspension.
What del game was he watching that Detroit game?
But no, I'm not worried about that.
They've kept their cool.
They've kept their poise.
They haven't been sucked into a lot of stupid penalties.
And I'm not worried about it at all.
And, you know, I just hope that he doesn't decide to take off
on what our guys like that.
Neil, I have to, if he does, let him go hit one of the ugly guys.
I dug up some of my old tapes and I can still remember
when we first were given the team and we were talking about the name.
And somebody first told you about the panthers.
You're sitting there going panthers.
Yeah.
Great.
Has the sound now?
Sounds a lot better now.
It sure does.
Well, it sounds better than avalanche.
I'll tell you that.
It sure does.
Well, Neil, God bless you, the panthers,
and my satellite dish and the CBC.
And let's go, guy.
All right.
Take care.
So, anyway, what happened to that thing?
Unbelievable.
Oh, there it is.
We have an open line at day 7519-463-751.
This entire town is rocking.
They were selling t-shirts and underwear and memorabilia
and stuff that hasn't been in Vetter yesterday.
They couldn't print it up fast enough.
So everybody's making big bucks off of this.
And Wayne and Marty Heisenger running around like a bunch of teenagers now.
And, yeah, I hope everybody saw that one clip when he went.
It was beautiful.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Buenos to you.
Just the most unbelievable game that I've ever seen.
I didn't think anything to keep the sixth game.
But when it came down to where he scored that third goal,
and you just knew that this was it that they were in.
Yeah, you had that feeling when it kind of went up over Barrazo's shoulder
and back behind his ass.
And, yeah, it was beautiful.
I mean, I had my towel wrapped so tight around my fingers.
I just about cut my damn fingers off.
Yeah.
But I want to remind the fans about something.
Your colleague Rick is the guy that used to cut people off.
Anytime they wanted to talk hockey and say,
he used to tell them call Neil.
Yeah, he's another late comeer, late bloomer.
Yeah.
And I get in the car this morning.
The first thing I heard him doing with Plano's hockey highlights,
I just about drove off the road.
A late spy report about Fat Hank.
Yeah.
In the Philadelphia series.
Just before game six, it was the Monday before you came back on the air.
He was doing an on air interview with script.
And he was telling screw.
No, no, I heard I heard that.
I just got out of it.
I only had the four minute.
Right.
That was the most embarrassing interview I ever heard in my life.
He didn't have any idea what he was talking about.
And it was scrambling that got the double minor for Slasian Brindabor.
He didn't have any clue what he was talking about.
Exactly.
And there's our prime sportscaster.
Yeah, right.
Good luck to us, Neil.
Okay, pal.
Bye.
Yeah, there's a guy that really knows his stuff that fat hums there.
Yeah, can we stop talking about this?
I mean, we're just in the styling cup finals.
Yeah, we're just in the finals.
Can't we stop talking about it already?
Right.
We'll stop talking about it when we're ready to stop.
Which ain't going to be for a long time.
Okay?
Because this town is buzzing finally.
They finally cut out of the good stuff.
And all you lazy slabs out there in the media who've been too lazy to like come to,
you know, more than a couple of games and learn something about it too bad.
Because now you're like way back down the road.
We can look back over our shoulder and you're like 10 miles behind.
Now, what does this say?
This is from Mike Brophy, my good friend there with the,
my good personal friend, hockey news in the Sanbury.
I didn't give us any credit at all.
There he is.
He's got like six teams listed.
They give us any, don't put Mike Brophy on here.
He's okay.
He's not a bad guy, but he's full of crap.
This is Mike Brophy.
See you right here with the hockey news.
They don't come any better than Neil Roger.
Like I said, Mike Brophy knows his stuff.
It's 1022 at WIOD.
So let's talk some more hockey,
D-Full, Rubin and Hyde.
Thursday nights live from Dave and Busters,
I-95 and Sterling Rogue.
Vips the sports writers on the radio,
with their eyes, ears, hands, and microphones focused on the Panthers.
The sports writers on the radio,
60-M Thursday live from Dave and Busters,
on news, talk, and entertainment radio.
610-W-I-O-D.
What's the succession with Hokey?
Oh, it's Wednesday, cleanly.
Four, tens at a cross.
Shot by Chanel, blocked by Jodie Hall.
He's held up. Here's Lindsey.
Lindsey working on board.
Got down with Jodie Hall in front of Lindsey's car.
The Lee Palo, Lee and Phil Lindsey,
for the Panthers back in front of the Panthers,
the Tink of the Lee and their score 57 left to go.
Yeah.
So anyway, it's 1025 at WIOD.
I want to let that little extra bleep on air for air.
Now is that really from Denver Discoller? Is this a joke? Hello?
This is really from Denver, Colorado.
Unbelievable.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I miss you so damn much.
I bet.
Panthers are awesome.
Yes, they are.
I went to a bar, a bar near the day,
and they were showing the Rockies game,
like the last inning, and I walked in,
and I was like, can we watch the last half of the Panthers game?
Yeah.
Because it's kind of important, and they changed it for me.
All right.
And I was like the only person in there screaming,
go, Panthers, it was awesome.
Doesn't it?
It's intense.
Do you need any information at all?
Do I need any information?
Yeah, I work for US Air out here,
and we're the ones that are running them back and forward.
Yeah.
Well, no, I guess they got there like at five o'clock
in the morning on Sunday morning, right?
No, nothing at all.
At 115.
Yeah, but I mean, our time.
Oh, well, your time was at 315.
Right.
No, yeah, right.
Whatever.
Cool.
And then they finally got some shut eye,
and then they got up at noon, and they discovered
that they were out of the hotel that they were supposed to be in,
because the rooms were all sold out,
and they had to schlep to another hotel, which is incredible.
Nice.
I don't know where they're standing on here, though.
No, well, we don't want to let that word out.
I'll be right over there.
So if you got a big contingent coming in from here?
Unfortunately, no.
No?
No.
Freaking nobody wants to come visit me, I guess.
Oh, I can't believe that.
I bet you people are making their plans today.
I haven't called me yet.
My phone hasn't rang yet.
Like waiting, waiting, waiting, waiting.
Well, maybe they're coming in on other airlines.
I don't want to suggest that other airlines fly to Denver,
like Delta and like that, but maybe that's what's happening.
And I didn't like coming in, not at all, right?
They're not?
Right.
Right.
I know, I'm just kidding you.
Well, I just, I had to call you, I mean, the Panthers are doing intense.
Of course, I'm not there.
The town here is ape shot.
I'll tell you that right now.
Everybody in their brother is just, they're going nuts.
I've missed the entire thing.
I left in September.
Yeah.
And like, I'm here.
I'm here in Colorado kind of sucks.
And there's no humidity.
And I want to go home.
So you're going to get tickets to go see the games at least or not?
I'm working.
I'm going back to Florida on Thursday,
because my sister's graduating from high school.
Yeah.
So like, I'm going to be working on Tuesday while they're playing the games.
I'm going to get home deep out here.
Yeah.
I'm going to have some manager to pipe it through the whole store.
There you go.
They can play the Panthers games.
Yeah.
Can't ridiculous.
Okay.
Well, good luck to you, pal.
I miss you a lot, Neil.
You're God.
Go Panthers.
Okay.
Oh, he was pretty boring.
So anyway, no, it's probably a good thing he got out of here,
because he was, you know, as soon as he left,
we started good things happening here for us.
He's all right.
Just don't take it personal.
Okay, let's go to Deerfield on the Purple Line.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
Saturday night, the electricity was incredible.
Right after the game, everybody was party and having a great time.
People were using the promo, the avalanche will fall.
Yeah, like that.
Yeah, not bad.
And as far as ice cream.
And by all, and I got to tell you this, because I know that most of you,
oh, wait till you hear this.
You know how I've been telling you the Stan Savrin,
who does the sports beat show on KBL in Pittsburgh,
hasn't given us any credit.
So when the game was over, they had a 30 minute post game show,
which I'm sure they thought was going to be their celebration.
You know, their victory celebration.
And it was like a wake.
And Stan Savrin was still refusing to give us any credit.
And he almost got into a fist fight with Guy Junker,
who does the show with him.
And the callers were like giving him a bunch of crap like geez.
You got to give this panther team some credit, you know.
And he just said, well, you know, it's the seven games.
And I wish we had another seven games.
I hate to break the news to you, Stan.
And don't work that way.
It's not a 14 game series at seven.
You guys lost.
He was brutal.
Is there going to be anything with regard to a penalty imposed on the avalanche
for what he did in the last game against Detroit?
Who love you?
Well, when I, if you've been in a cocoon somewhere,
he got suspended two games.
No, I know that, but I'm saying someone said that he was going to be
off a two minute penalty for what he did at the end.
There's no, there's no carryover of penalties from one game to another.
Okay, because I thought the media was saying.
In fact, somebody on one of the things,
because we got all these people talking about it,
don't know what they're talking about.
They said, well, they're going to be penalized for the next two games.
So that sounded good to me, you know,
they're like, they're going to be shorthanded for the entire two games.
Yeah, he just gets suspended. That's their penalty.
And it should be a lot more than two.
It should be the whole series.
It didn't know doubt about it because what he did was a...
Rotesk.
Yeah, is that...
You think it's going to be, I mean, as physical,
I mean, the most physical of all the series so far.
You're going to be real physical or a very physical team.
Okay, because I know playing Philadelphia with regard to that series,
Boston with that series, and now with Pittsburgh.
In fact, that's the main reason that they knocked off Detroit
is because Don Cherry has been talking about it a lot.
Those five Russians on there on Detroit just like last year against New Jersey,
once they start hitting the man, they all kind of turtle down around the ice
and they take run for cover and they become very ineffective.
But nobody's intimidated us all year and it's not going to happen now.
This team reminds me so much, and I don't know if you'll agree with me of the island
that they repeated four years in a row.
A young aggressive team that doesn't take any crap from anybody.
Yeah, but we don't have Denise Potphen.
We do as a brunt.
Yeah, that's it. Maybe he'll start taking credit for it now.
Yeah, I think, no, Neil, you would need to take all the credit, man.
You put this place on the map.
You put this place on the map.
And all I hear is the negative stuff from the meaty out the New Broward County arena
which is going to be the best in the country.
I think this O'Jellist that is coming into Broward that they have nothing better than the rest of the world.
And I want you to keep in mind tomorrow is the final vote, okay?
And I'm going to tell you on the day, on the day when we're going to be playing tomorrow night,
the first game in the Stanley Cup finals,
if any of those Broward commissioners has the balls to vote no, including John Rodstroman,
they better run for cover.
I think it's just a big game and all it is is just about technicalities that working out
and they're just trying to make it look like they're doing an extra effort putting forward
just to make everybody look good and the deal look sweet.
They better walk in here tomorrow with a real happy look on their puts in.
Everyone can get up at the same time and go,
Yes!
Yes!
Or else.
1996 will be incredible. We'll have the couple, have the arena in two years.
I mean, this place is growing at leaps and bounds and thank you, Mr. Rodgers,
let's look at it on the face of the map. And you're welcome.
And you have a good one and go, Panthers!
All right. We have an open line on a purple line, pound IOD.
That's right, a lot of people out there, Joseph Gacky's out there in Denver,
would have big silly look on his puts, like somebody put a lastick on his lips,
like they're stretched from like one ear to the other one,
and those big gigantic stupid eyebrows,
and he's pretending like number one, he knows something about it,
number two, he's enthused about it.
Right, don't forget guys, whatever you do, don't take any hockey calls because it's boring.
Atta boy, Joe! Atta boy, you really can sniff out something good when it's right there on your doorstep,
can't you, Joe? You can really grab it when it's right there right in your fingertips.
Here's the Gacky's sucks, okay?
Here's Parkland, hello?
No. Yes, sir.
Hi, how's it going? Great.
How much would you give? How much of your salary would you give up to have your name?
The name, the phone number, and address of that asshole from Pittsburgh,
who called you this week after game five?
At least a buck.
Unbelievable.
You know something we can revel in the knowledge of knowing that that puts his hiding under his covers now.
Sitting there crying in his beer, crying in his schnapps, looking out at his smoke stacks,
getting ready for a 900 degree summer and a 20 below winter next year.
Right.
Go Panthers, you've done a lot to get everybody interested.
I never was a hockey man before, I started getting involved for just standing cup playoffs,
and now I love it.
All right. So, let's go and take it all the way.
Okay, pal. Have a good one.
Thanks. Look what I just got here.
I'll tell you one thing, I'm going to have to buy a new house.
Look at that. Look at that.
Here's another lithograph.
This I'm sure is from our friends at Denise Potfans.
I'm positive of that, right?
This one don't have no note or no letter or no nothing on it, which I wish it did because.
Oh, and look at that.
It's number six 10 again on the back.
You know how they give the certificate of authenticity on the back.
And it's a number six 10 in the series.
Stanley Cup 1996, and it's got the avalanche logo in the bottom left hand corner in the Panther logo in the bottom right.
And it's just a beautiful beautiful thing.
It's got the big thing of the cup and then a hockey player.
And over it's just a great thing and the broken hockey stick and a big Stanley Cup puck.
This is the best of mall.
And then of course, once we win a Stanley Cup itself, then we'll have an even better one.
So what's that number?
I'm sure that if they want this, it's that same number.
It's one 800 up your ass hat trick one 800 hat trick without the sea,
a t t r i k.
And I don't know how much this one is because there's no note or no nothing, but I thank you profusely.
I assume it's from our friend Jeff over there at the knees pot band sports.
And it's just another beautiful lithograph.
Baby, you got to have it.
You got to have every one of these.
And we'll all have to have bigger houses so that we have a gigantic trophy room so we can hang all of our stuff in our placards and stuff so we can all be hung.
1034 at WIOD.
When you talk live on 610 WIOD, you'll be recorded.
And we'll play the take back whenever we feel like it.
Hank is God.
I love Hank.
I'm having a GFF air with Hank.
1045 to go in the third period.
Here's Yachter up to center Brad Lauer.
While he's shooting played by Gord Murphy back out in Stracca.
Let's look again.
Great food by Stracca.
Don't let you to Stracca!
Stracca!
Yes!
Lemieux with six points in the series and 46 points in the playoffs.
So he now trails Joe Sackett by a couple in that race.
As he tries to join Sackett in the Adelaide,
in the Stanley Cup Championship series,
there's a three-but-one big-back storm!
Yes!
Yes!
Oh!
Netbed will take the faceoff for Pittsburgh against Brian Strudler.
Lemieux poised in behind Netbed.
But the Panthers win the drive.
Fitzgerald gets it down.
Siobab, Husslingab.
Raise the verge to Daniel.
He was hit by Hank.
Now 20 seconds left to the panorons will have to hurry.
Here's the shoot-in in Yachter's first one to it.
I'll factor it back out.
And this amazing story is going to continue.
The third of Panthers' first game, seven.
I'm going to start on this boom,
and I'm going to wrap out it all year long.
The second one is going to be the first one to win.
Okay, 22-11 at WIOD.
The town is pumped, by the way, if there's anybody out there
that wants to make a lot of money in these next few days,
like with the rat people or any of the places
that are selling all this different stuff,
faxed to us because you'll probably never get through on a phone.
Okay, the fax number is 758WIOD.
758WIOD.
So if you've got stuff to pedal,
we're more than happy to sit here,
give you a little plug, promote,
because everybody in town should have some kind of paraphernalia.
They should have a rat hanging out of their ass,
or something on their windshield,
everywhere they should be waving it and the stuff too.
Here's Orlando. Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, I wasn't not able to talk to you,
but I'll talk to you anyway, I guess.
Well, what you were on hold for?
Just a little bit, because I'm in Orlando.
I couldn't hear your show.
Why not?
Because there's no radio station up here that catches the signal.
Because of the wind they blow in in the right direction there.
Exactly, yeah.
But I guess, some on the radio,
I came up from my dad's house to watch the game on satellite
to hear the CBC broadcast.
It was awesome.
Right.
It was totally awesome.
How'd you like when Don Cherry said that he's a Panther fan?
He's pulled for the Panthers now.
Yeah, yeah, you got it.
I like that.
Exactly.
He was hinting around how he was going for the Panthers totally.
But it was amazing.
I think they're going to kill the avalanche
because their defense, Mario Lemieux,
was talking about how the Panthers defense of the best he's ever played up against.
You know something?
Yesterday, he said he went beyond that.
He said, this is the best team I've ever played against.
Yeah, that's what we're talking about.
The best team he's ever played against.
First, he said, it's the best defensive team.
Yesterday, he said, this is the best team I've ever played against.
Well, I have to agree, because you watch all that.
You watch their defense this year is better than the New Jersey Devils was last year.
Yeah, but we don't have to play that kind of trap and clutch and grab, though.
You know, we played tight defense, but at least we don't play that boring game.
We tried playing that in the second period the other night almost back for it on us.
Right. And for the sole bear fans, well, they lost game one and the first game of the...
They're playing Utah?
Yeah, Utah.
Yeah, Utah.
I saw about two minutes of that last night.
Yeah, they lost it over time, three to two.
Geez.
I'll tell you one thing.
Alan Bester, formerly of the Maple Leafs, he made...
I just...
No, I'm actually watching about ten minutes of the first period.
He was incredible last night.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, he was awesome.
Good goalie.
Yeah, but if I can go back on hold, if that's possible, I'd love to hear you.
Okay, for a little while.
Okay, hang on.
He's tying up one of our lines, but that's okay because it's a green line.
And those people in Palm Beach, they won't be able to get through one.
They're lined too bad.
They deserve it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil Ryder.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Puckface.
Uh-huh.
Let's keep the basketball fans about hockey.
Basketball.
What the hell is that?
Well, I mean, have you been to a heat game with the Chicago Bulls?
I haven't been to a heat game period.
Nor do I ever intend to go to one.
You're lucky.
I mean, when Michael Jordan, Scottie Pippin are here, the crowd cheers for the other team.
Nice.
All right.
Can I like when the Marlins won nine in a row and they come out there the next day and they're
booing Jeff Kona and really nice fans.
Exactly.
One thing about the Panther fans, we don't boo our own guys.
We may get pissed off at him once in a while, but we don't boo him.
After game six, we were outside waiting for Lemieux and Yager.
And when they came out, nobody got their autographed.
Yeah.
We laughed.
Really?
We got under their skin.
And that's why we love to say.
OK.
Go Panther.
See a pal.
How's the heat doing, by the way?
OK.
We have an open line indeed.
7519-463-751-WYOD.
The TV stations were all over this thing like Stink on Rick Sanchez.
I mean, it was a channel seven, like I said, in particular.
Since they happen to be the beneficiary of being affiliated with Fox, they're going to have some of the games.
I sure hope, not that I have to worry about it, because I'll be watching them all on CBC.
Because now we get the entire number one crew.
We get Bob Cole and Harry Neal doing a play by playing the color.
We get Ron McClain and Don Cherry.
And the number one crew in it for the finals, of course.
But when Fox has some of these telecasts, I sure hope they're not planning on using that Fox tracks for the finals here.
Because that would be an act of insulin, the likes of which we've never heard of.
That's right.
So you Fox people ditch the crap.
OK, don't try to take the Stanley Cup finals and turn some of these games into like a video game.
OK, we have more than just two and three year old little punky kids watching the games now.
So grow up and get a life.
We don't want to see the puck sitting up there eight rows up in a crowd.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey Neal.
Yes, sir. How you doing, sir?
Fantastic.
Man, it is electrifying, exciting and all the rest.
My heart survived it.
All I could say is Saturday night.
I was going, yeah, it was unbelievable.
Hey, listen, last Wednesday night.
Last Wednesday night.
And I tried to call you earlier.
I was listening to that other stations, two AM.
Yeah.
And this guy, a Morocco, whatever's name is.
Rocky Bend over you.
When on record, this is Wednesday night.
OK, when on record to say that they're not going to win a six game Thursday and Pittsburgh is the best.
And even if they do win Thursday.
Of course, I can't imagine why he's saying that since he's going to a job in Pittsburgh as of like yesterday.
I think he left to go to Pittsburgh.
So I wonder why he's sucking around with them already.
Right. And then he said, even if the Panthers win game six, there's no way they're going to win.
Right.
And on and on and on.
You know, so I just like to say one thing with him.
Rocco Pendola throwing out your ass.
Ah.
All right. See you.
Yeah, that's typical of the kind of, then there wasn't a default that picked the penguins to beat us.
And six, I don't want to start picking on Jeff.
Can't see the fourth for his knees.
Who knows nothing about the sport. Unfortunately, I don't want to start picking on him and other sour push.
And what about, oh, how can I have gotten through almost the entire first hour.
And forgotten our good dear friend at the Miami, her old Greg Kotex, you son of a bitch.
Isn't this the guy that said when we lost game four there, which we had the one nothing lead.
We blew it in the third period.
And instead of taking a three to one lead in the series, it wound up two two.
And then we fell behind three two.
And some of us still said, hey, no problem.
We'll be okay.
And after we lost that fourth game, which only even the series up into Cinderella broker slippers.
And where it was nice while it lasted.
And we burst the bubble at all. What was me?
What's his number again?
376.
376.
3492.
3492.
I know a lot of people are real busy today going out and buying banners and t-shirts and caps and paraphernalia and pucks and the schmucks.
But if you have a moment, you might want to fill up his voicemail again and tell him, okay, that's for you, Greg Kotex.
That's it.
I think that's what Wayne was probably talking about.
That's what he was thinking about when he put his head on Brian Scrootland shoulder.
He said, that's for that Greg Kotex who don't believe you got to believe guys.
And he don't believe you're out, Greg.
You piece of walking pus.
There is a piece of pus on two legs.
Greg Kotex at the herald, which he fits it over there like a glove at that pus filled paper.
Oh, yeah, we got no chance now.
The dream is over and you could sense it and you can, yeah, we lost the game.
It wasn't either one that told you every game and the playoffs is different than the one that preceded it.
All those seasons statistics throw them out.
All the games that preceded it throw them out.
Because whatever and the only thing that was consistent for us, thank goodness is that we tied up Mario and Yager.
The entire series, they didn't score a goal between them in the last five games of the series, which is just unbelievable.
And we did a phenomenal job on him.
And I want to tell you something else, Brian Scrootland, I've criticized him a lot during the year and he's deserved it.
But in the playoffs, boy, he's had some of the most incredible moments in that game.
Seven, he not only had Mario covered great, but he had Mario pissed off the whole game.
He was yanking him. He was a slew foot of the mayor one time.
He was in his face if you saw some of those face offs.
Adam Oye Scrooy, he had Mario, he didn't know whether to scream or eat Tchaikita's banana.
He didn't know whether to scream or eat Rob Brindomore's nose.
So it's 1046 at WIOD.
So Florida is new.
As others say, she was growing water to wash clothes.
But she does routinely and that's when that child stuck in the water from South Florida's premier news team.
We can express some strong from this promise of the meal.
With any strong from this promise of ours, the possibility gets upon across her even for tornadoes.
Love this news.
News talking entertainment radio.
610, WIOD.
This is your boy and the voice of the Toronto May beliefs.
They don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
Here is Grindable for Quinn on a half forward for Luke Gap in front.
Grindable with the fuck, 28 seconds left in the foul of life.
And the blonde hair.
I'm nearly the getter to the point.
Here's a phrase, blazing away from his club on the...
...and the Panthers lead.
What's happening?
So, 1050 at WIOD.
And let me just, we got some faxes here.
Here's one from Zina.
And I didn't hear the call, but I had a...
Oh, first before that, Jim Schoenfeld or the Caps is the one that told Don Kowarski, go eat another donut.
And you're absolutely correct.
I had a couple of faxes about that.
Zina says, Neil, I had a panther party at my home Saturday.
And I had two barbecued penguins.
Stakes thought my heart was going to come out of my chest.
It was pounding so hard in my heart, too, what a game.
And here's the PSD, the piece of ass out of the resistance.
I called the WIOD Sunday morning, Sports Show, and asked,
is anyone thank Neil Rogers for turning this town out of the most exciting,
almost orgasm, and sport in his day and age.
And I continued, Neil worked his ass off trying to open our eyes to hockey,
and I haven't heard anyone say thanks to Neil.
Would you believe the host of the show, I think, it was Kimba Bojangles,
completely blew off what I was saying, and said that we have to praise the Panthers
and not Neil Rogers.
What an assholes, Ena says.
He completely missed the point.
I wasn't taking away from the Panthers.
I was commenting on how, at least in my case, if we were not for you,
I would have been missing out on the electricity of such thrilling events.
Plus, Beeser, I love you, says Zina.
Nice going, Zina.
No, God.
There you go.
See, the thing that pleases me is like the coach and the general manager
and the president of the team and all the people in the organization.
They know that some of us have worked our asses off, our fat asses off for three years,
trying to get everybody into it and explain to them what they were missing,
and put asses in those seats, even during ordinary pedestrian games,
when it wasn't the Stanley Cup playoffs, it much less the finals.
And so people like Bo Camper, who has no business to be talking about hockey in the first place,
he can go on there and be a sour poise and plays a little silly cart and do his little thing.
All he wants, okay?
We act more mature on this show.
Yeah, we don't play a bunch of silly little carts and sound effects.
Okay, Bojangles, I'll grow up.
You dumb jock.
Here's Jupiter.
Hello.
Eddie Burr.
Well, that's good.
Blow it out, Eddie's ass.
Okay.
Here's the lady in North Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
I went to spec today.
I figured I'd try my luck.
There were about 200 people in line.
Yeah.
And you know, they put all the numbers in a thing and pull them out.
Terrible.
That's awful.
I hate that.
I mean, whatever number, if you're close, you've got it.
So what do they do?
These poor people that stood on lines in Saturday night and then they wind up getting shine.
That's bad.
No, I know.
They'll learn.
They pick number 50.
I'm 51.
I am ecstatic.
I know I got tickets.
You got them?
I get second in line.
It turns out I have 151.
I was 100 people behind.
Oh, my God.
Oh, I was so depressed.
I blow my brains out.
Or maybe there is.
I did.
I did.
You know, my husband had a good point about Claude Lemieux.
Yeah.
He wears a face mask on his face.
That's right.
He's protected.
Oh, sure.
He's just like old Samuel Sinow also wears the face mask.
That's right.
They wear the plastic shield.
So nobody can get their ass.
But they need tender steering and the gouging and cross checking everybody else out there.
Right.
I know.
I know.
I hope we give him a good one like we did to Yager.
He'll get a good one.
No, not Yager.
Who was it?
Yager.
Maybe in the Phil with Lindros.
Yeah.
And Yager too.
Yager got belted twice.
Oh, yeah.
I know.
He was unconscious in a couple minutes there.
You know, we're looking for flags for the car.
So if anybody, we went to sawgress this weekend and nobody had him.
Everybody was out of them.
Okay.
We'll find a 751.
Like I said, if he got Panther flags, Panther T-shirts, Panther Red.
He got a lot of flags.
Pirifanelia.
Facts it over to us.
758.
W-I-D.
We'll put the word out and you'll be sold out in two minutes or less.
Also, I had a great palm.
Somebody faxed me here too.
I don't know who it's from, but it's good enough to read.
It says, first were the Bruins.
They left them in ruins.
Next came the flyers and other wrong hire.
The penguins were great, but these birds, the cat ate.
The cat's eight.
The avalanche are good too, but the cats know what to do.
By using the rat's power, his lord Stanley Cup will be ours.
Let's go, Panthers.
Nice going, guys.
Whoever you are, go ahead.
Here's the curl springs on the purple line.
Hello.
Yes sir.
A color long time listener.
All right.
Try to get tickets this morning.
Bad luck didn't get any.
Yeah.
I wanted to tell you that I was flipping through the channels,
winding my bed with my girlfriend last night.
And watching channel seven highlights and everything.
Pretty cool highlights.
But we turned on sports wrap.
Have you ever seen that show before?
I was on that show last year, briefly.
Twice.
Before they decided they wanted Denise Poppan,
I told her to blow it out their ass.
Funny thing.
We're lying in bed.
You think it's Kim Bo campers on that show?
No, Manwich.
Manwich and...
Manwich and...
Manwich and deforest.
Okay, deforest.
And you flipped up left, as they said.
Florida and Colorado.
Florida's had success with Wabby for it.
But instead of saying success, he came out and said,
Well Florida's had sex with Patrick Wabby for it.
We were checked ass.
Yeah, that's probably see.
Manwich showered so many times with the dolphins,
even when he wasn't playing that that's all he thinks about.
You know, he's having sex with the player.
What's the thing with you is the other guy,
we just flipped it on for a second and he said that.
And we were rolling on the floor.
Yeah, well, I guess it's the divorce depot's high for anybody at this point.
Yeah, and Manwich goes, we know what you have on your mind.
Right.
So this one is the call you up with.
Well, they're on top of it.
Make no mistake about that.
They're right on top of these things.
Well, Neil, just wanted to call you and let you know I'm on my way to work.
Just wanted to let you know you are the hockey god.
Okay, pal.
Take care.
Hang in there.
Bye-bye.
Yeah, the avalanche don't take them lightly, baby,
because they got a great team and I'd like to point out,
because I hear these very unknowledgeable people saying,
oh, well, Claude Lemumus in those first two games is a big deal.
You might think it is, but it's not.
Okay.
Because he was suspended earlier in the Detroit series when he,
just beryld in the coslov and smacked him from behind,
gave him a cheap punch in the back of the head when he wasn't looking.
And he got one game for that.
So what happened in that game?
Avalanche one.
Then he gets suspended for, you know, again, here,
and not suspended, but thrown out of the game in the sixth and final game.
Early in the game, he did the number on Chris Draper.
He gets throughout that game, Avalanche win a game.
So two games he's missed already and they Avalanche won both games.
So don't take this team lightly, okay?
Because they could be damn dangerous.
Mounted by Fetalov.
Sackyke winds up in his own zone, leaving it for the defense foot.
He's up to Saturday.
Sackyke win a close shot.
Big rebound.
Here the wave of the Red Wing with 20 seconds left in the period.
Here's a centering pass and a foot score.
Pull it.
Shot.
A late ball, boys.
15 seconds to go.
You're down.
Two instead of three.
This could be a real asset.
Look out.
Not done yet.
Bit bars.
Bit bars.
And not only did they got a hell of a lot of guns out there offensive,
but they got a much much much better defense than Pittsburgh.
Okay, Magnum mistake about that.
So just I just want you to keep that in mind.
Okay.
I'm not saying that we're not going to win because I think we are,
but it ain't going to be no cakewalk.
Here's the lady in Cooper City.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I tell you, Neil, about what, 47 minutes ago,
I could have been diagnosed as having major depression.
Why is that?
Because I went down to, I think,
I'm okay, I'll go down to specs, I'll get in line, you know, why not?
Yeah.
I'm driving by Blockbuster music over in Pemberg Pines near the Yamal.
Yeah.
And there was like nobody there.
There were like 40 people there.
So I was like, I'll go there because my chances will be better.
So I go there and get my number.
I was like, okay, I have about half an hour.
Went to go get a soda, came back.
And a whole bunch of people were leaving.
So I said, oh, you know what's going on.
I said, okay, well, we picked a number that we're going to start with.
I said, okay, what is it?
663.
I look at mine.
Wow.
That's 667.
Wow, number five.
I'm going to call some sitting in line.
I'm really nervous.
And first person gets four tickets.
Second person gets four tickets.
Third person gets four tickets.
Next person gets four.
And you're out.
And they're all gone.
Oh my God.
I was going to cry.
I would have pulled a rate coms at that point.
I would have blown my brains out.
I was going to cry.
I mean, I was all set to call my brother from Connecticut.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
I was going to cry.
In this moment.
In this moment, we are having a promise to make together
that we can make together.
Thank you.
eleven oh five at w-w-i-d you got a combination now man you got to teach
your and the student together at one time how you doing Doug great how are you
I'm telling you man I came so close to having a heart attack during that game on
Saturday I could just imagine what you were going through I know it was actually
an old nail at the edge you're on the bench because you're working and you're
not really thinking as much about what can go wrong maybe and all your sort of
you're busy I guess is the thing sometimes my mother she spends the games in the
kitchen cleaning up she told me the other time sometimes things happen in a
game and you get the feeling that maybe there's something in the air there
you know because I was saying after they tied it up one one I was saying all we
need is a lucky break I had a feeling all we need was something good to happen
and then Wilkinson got his stick on Tommy shot there and that made a knuckle
ball and got in the net and then even Garpert Law School it looked like maybe
Brass was gonna stop it and he got a piece that went over his shoulder when you
saw those two goals you get the feeling something is in the air for us I got
admit when the third one in I felt pretty good yeah you could see that it was a
relief so what kind of a grueling trip did you guys have out there well we we
got here at five o'clock yesterday morning am and it was you know it was a good
trip though we had lots of fun and lots of laughs and enjoyed the the moment you
know it was pretty good I think the bus ride from Pittsburgh out to the airport was
maybe the best bus ride I've ever been on in my life I mean it was put on a
highlight tape and out of laughs and cheers and just just a lot of fun and you know
watching CBC the other night cherry finally came out of the closet he says you
know who I'm rooting for I'm rooting for the Panthers and they're on a claim
pointed out that most of Canada I guess the exception here will be that
segment of Quebec where those frogs are still you know the avalanche and the
Nordican at-hole deal but other than Quebec I think Canada is behind us I guess
it's unbelievable my brother and Vancouver told me that the Panther jerseys
and hats and t-shirts out there unbelievable so I think it's really taken off
all over the country so it's gonna that's pretty special you know that we've
a such a new team and we've picked up lots of fans and I'll tell you if you
watch your team it's tough not to like them yeah there's not one guy on his
team that you can't help but like and you know the thing that is amazing is
that guys who I don't want to get in what thing about who's gonna sit and who's
gonna play but guys who have been sad out who've been healthy scratches at one
time or another and some of them recently like Mike off he was healthy scratch a
few times he's really come back alive and his he's got like totally rejuvenated
in this series Garper Love who was scratched a few times here in the playoffs played
a tremendous game on Saturday and got the big goal yeah that shows what kind of
team guys are in and you have to be like that this time of year and it's it's
tough on guys when they get saddled like it kills them to be quite honest you
know because they all want to be out there but the team's number one this time of
year you sacrifice for the team right now now what's the what's the feedback out
there's somebody just facts me a column from the Rocky Mountain news in Denver
that says Panthers will frustrate the avalanche it says McLean and his cats deserve
utmost respect and credit and I'll take it a step further I don't think they've
gotten either of those and I'll tell you one thing in Pittsburgh they were still
crying to blues after that game stand server and on KBL was still not given
to send a credit and it was really sad to see what lack of class they showed up
there's some of those guys although the penguins I thought you showed a lot of
class after the game but some of the sports writers liked it are they given us
some credit out there in Denver they are there's been a lot I haven't seen
today's papers but there hasn't been a lot of you know what I get a kick out of
the respect thing and I've said it all year I the media is the problem that's
that's where we don't get respect we get unbelievable respect from our peers
that's the players and the league and the coaches and managers and that when
you're in this business that's really all you care about you know because I'll
say a Mario Lemieux and and Yomere Yaggin here these guys really respect the
Panthers they know how hard it is to play against the Panthers and and the
players in the league respect this team like you wouldn't believe and that's
what it's all about well you know Mario after game six said I'm sure you saw
the Clipper said it was the best defensive team after game seven and I don't
know if you got a chance to see that but he said this is the best team he
played against you know ever played against that right which is a hell of a
compliment now it really is because Mario's a class guy really is and he had a
tough series and you know he was the first guy over to shake hands after you know
and I really appreciate it that and Eddie Johnson too of course being a next
gold tender coming from him it really means something he said Beezer was so
great which he was on Saturday said we could have kept playing for another seven
days and the way he was playing we were not going to get another one in there
no hope he keeps it up yeah he was if he's if he's ever played a better game than
that I just don't know how how it's possible I mean he's what a playoff
this guy yeah I mean it's been unbelievable really when you look at you know
what he's done and I tell you he fought through some tough times this year and I
give him all the credit in the world because he's a guy he's a guy that gives us a
chance now what about the avalanche I know that Lemieux is going to miss the first two
games and some of these people who aren't too I've been trying to point out that
Lemieux got suspended for one of the games against Detroit after he smacked
Karsloven back of the head and they won that game and then he got tossed out for
doing the number on draper in the sixth game and they won that game easily so
people that think because cloud Lemieux getting tossed out for a couple of
games it's gonna make it easier I think they better be careful they've got a
real good team I think the big thing they have gone at the other teams we
played had didn't was they got tremendous depth like you watch the tapes and
it's hard to find a problem area with them they're pretty sound everywhere you
know so that's a concern I think they've got three or four legitimate stars
but they've got a lot of real good players and they sure have a great defense I'll
say that yeah they do and they're big and they're strong they're not a physically
tough team I don't think but they're they're really sound in every area and
you're not gonna intimidate them and you're not gonna you know you're not gonna
wear them down I don't think so I'm a little nervous about them in Patrick
Walk and can be beach as well so yeah but you know something we we have had his
number especially when he was with much y'all but the thing that he was going
down there on a golf holiday is that what it was the thing that really gets me
the thing that really I believe about him is if you hit him with a lot of shots
you're gonna score some goals if he if he has the great defense and if they
protect him he'll make a couple of great saves in a game but as long as he
doesn't get barrage with a lot of shots he'll be good 40 or 50 you'll be good
for a star we'll throw 160 in there just to remind him but I'll tell you they've
got a real good team but I'll tell you something now we got a real good team
to we sure do and it's gonna be fun and I want you to know because you're out
there but I'm telling you yesterday the TV stations here all of a sudden they
discovered the Panthers they discovered hockey they discovered you they
discovered Brian Murray and Bill Terry they rediscovered everything I'll tell
you the guy that really bothers me a lot is Brian Murray doesn't get his name
never gets mentioned very often but I'll tell you this guy is so solid what
he's done for this organization is scary all he's the man right now all he did
was build two of the last of the final four teams in a playoffs to
Troiton the Panthers it's all he did that's right Mr. A thing is a lucky guy to have
this guy I'll tell you that he's he's a he's the main man well Wayne is going
through a second childhood yesterday I don't know if you got a chance to see him
in a hallway out there when a game ended but he was out there with screwy and at
one point he just lost and he kind of put his he put his head over again screwy
shoulder and he went like that he just he just lost it he was speechless he had
no words like you know what he's been on believe it he comes in the dressing room
in my office before the games on the road and he just he just walks in
so you know whatever happened you guys are doing great just keep him up
everything so up being positive and I you know you really appreciate that when
you're you're in when you're coaching you know it's a fun way to be you
bet well listen this town is like I said is on fire they're buying caps they're
buying t-shirts they're buying rats they're buying hats they can't even keep
them in stock the TV stations are going like 24 hours a day I'd say like on
channel seven last night under 30 minutes newscast must have been 20 minutes of
was out of panthers that's great you know what it doesn't look like it you
know I have to stay here and hold these guys hands over here and I have to get
all my CBC stuff on here and of course now we're gonna get the number one
team we get Bob and Harry and the cherry and and that whole game so I got to
come on here and play our seven array goals every game so I guess these guys
need me here so you're not coming to Dan for that I guess not I can't believe I'm
not coming remember it don't look like he's gonna be coming up he's got a
rena football he's got that arena football now what he says is pretty damn
exciting so you know it goes to show where his legions are do you any good
at that no comment dog best of luck thank you for an incredible year and we'll
be looking for you on Saturday and these people this entire town is on fire
behind you thanks a lot Neil good luck done any no more tips out those will be in
the mail okay telegram will be at your door okay see dog McLean the coach of
the panthers he's the best what a classy guy a great guy a man it's always
accessible the media man who's always got a sense of humor and he's the best
what could I tell you 1114 at W.I.D. its madness at Kendall Toyota their
management's gone nuts and they've released the author the authorized release
of the lowest sale prices ever when they say the lowest they're talking
for serious the ms listen to these prices new 96-year sales starting at 89.91
new 96 Corolla starting at 10.991 new 96 cameras starting at 13.991 and
new Tacoma starting at 10.05.91 so what are you waiting for get down to
Kendall Toyota before they wake up and realize they're practically give
at ease cars away no hassle no negotiating like I've been telling you it's
one price selling the lowest price in the world is right there on a windshield
staring you right in the push and your old cars worth four thousand dollars
toward the purchase of select new 96 to it is right now at Kendall Toyota on
US one just south of the day land four thousand dollar trade offer a new 96
to it is based on ms rp excludes to your sales rav 4 is four runners and
Corolla's offer non-conjunction with any other offer one trade per deal on
approved credit
you think that it would be eating if I didn't do anything as far as any
further than the tying up the clamp the thing like that
fashion phones eight vm till midnight on news talk and entertainment radio
six ten w i o d yeah so I'm not giving that away Sarah Sarah comes in here and
sees this latest lithographs that oh who's getting that I am sweetheart Stanley
Cup 1996 championship is on the bottom left it's got that avalanche which makes
me sick and it's got the panther which is the best logo and league next to the
maple leaf and that's in the bottom right hand corner and it says western
conference champion versus eastern car it's and they just keep on coming no I'm
putting my trophy room I got all kinds of good stuff in there I'm gonna have to
expand it I'm buying a new house now in honor of this so anyway it's 1118 at w
i d hurt the coach he's calm he's confident he's cool he's not cocky because he
knows they got a hell of a team they got a defense man he got that
sylvan Lafay which the Leafs the worst thing they ever did was trade him away
they got you a crew but they got goose or off and they got a decision and
ozulence and Barry phantom a foot they got one hell of a defense this team but
Patrick Wad at frog man always a mystery you know what I'm saying and
especially against us get the frog kill the frog that's what I'm saying
Claude and that one anyway it's 1118 at w i o d here's a facts from the
baseball card store in Fort Lauderdale actually there are 232 South University
drive in the community plans and plantation they've got Eastern conference
championship t-shirts Panthers versus Penguin t-shirts Panthers Flyers t-shirts
posters programs later this week they'll have Eastern conference
championship baseball caps and pucks oh this is from the Blade Runner girl
how do you like that says she almost had a heart attack too she was stroking
her Stevie Iseman blow up doll while she was watching the game to keep her
calm so that's from the Blade Runner girl what does she have to do with the
baseball card store but anyway does she work there or what's the deal or does
she just hang out there waiting for a
juxtapher stuff so thanks blade very much
and here's another one that's uh... where's this real time uh... i don't know
what this is i don't know what it is well i figured out okay here's Fort Lauderdale
hello
uh... any idea great
i watched the game Saturday night
at pleasure island in orlando yeah and the place was going nuts
they have one bar down at the end of the god all these days at the huge park
all fireworks
there were people in there with panther jerseys screaming and doing a let's go
panther just having a blast
they want that game they were just dancing a gig uh...
you say that
huh yeah
i just want to share that with you
gots great
thanks for the news pal
already and have a great day you do and see a open line of power five two four
nine four six three five two four w i did we're trying to put together right
i don't want to uh...
i don't want to put the car before the worst were trying to put together a
package whereby we might be able to get some uh... put put together a package
to denver
for those two games out there sarah's working on it and we'll see if that works
up but i just want to you know alert you that if there's anybody interested
going we might have something for you
but if we do we'll have to do it real quick
here's a lady in del Rey be chill out
yes ma'am
i feel so lucky i got tickets
all right
finally we got a happy story here
totally like happy days are here again
all we got so lucky to you i feel so fortunate i i've been so excited and you've
made it exciting to listen to and in in the little clips that you play here
and there it's
just so exciting and uh...
we just can't wait
to the line uh... this morning they did a lottery thing
and i've been in line with a two and a half month old baby
and survive that baby was great
and now we're just totally psyched with the game fantastic excited and uh...
thank you for making it exciting to listen to two little bits that you play
watching that's what that's why i got to stay here all week they've been offering
to send me to Denver you know but i just i feel compelled i feel like uh...
i got to be there taping off the cbc bringing in these highlights getting
everybody whipped up the uh... the town needs me you know
most of the time they can live without me but right now this town needs me
badly and spread what both campuses now you're the best cheerleader for this team
okay have a good one i'll see you there
alright how do you like that there's a lucky lady that got there of course
these other people probably want to find out where she is and beat the
stuffings out of her but that's just our grapes okay too bad you lose
anyway this town is on fire the phones are smoking and let me say it again
because it gives me tremendous satisfaction knowing and having known for many
many many years of my life that there's nothing when it comes to sports that
can touch hockey number one and not that can't even come close to the standing
couple a us
there's nothing that generates the excitement the psychosis and i'll say it
again in case you missed it earlier i have it through the grapevine
uh... by way of john shan and the executive producer of cbc's hockey night in
canada that's Saturday nights game that's us the panthers and the penguins
was the highest rated game in the history of hockey night in canada more people
watched that game that have ever watched any game on hockey night in canada
they've been on the air televising since the early fifties so that's over forty
years
so how do you like that
ooo we're boring team allegedly we must be getting somebody worked up
eleven twenty two at w i o d
use talk entertainment radio
six ten
w i o d
what's the sub-session with hockey
after the long the boards
and it's put high in the year by Terry Kirkner in the center i
and now the panthers getting across through the head right on the stick of
zubah
two-bygge and go as he hits the
four-to-line
just from behind by streetland panthers will turn
streetland's loose
and here's my cup three on one
it's from high up to the scores
my cup has opened the scoring for Florida
yes
only four seconds to go
in the power play as love you hits the streaking yoghurt
following up to the view net that's
another one
like the
OL
stuff
to head to top this year over the line.
Stars top this year and the
Panthers are back in front.
Yes.
Yes.
Three minutes to play in the third.
The auger to Mirana.
Sands from going to the net.
Park comes out in front and Bill Lindsay starts back.
Here's a two on one for Florida.
Lindsay over the line passes across.
Please go over.
Your head garp and lob is three one.
Panthers on the label.
The army auger said before the playoffs started this season.
He said he said I really hate the playoffs because it is so hard to play offensive hockey.
It's so much more fun during the regular season.
Well, boy, have the Panthers ever made that a true is a mirror in this series.
They've held this team down.
It'll be just about 2.3 goals a game in the series.
Centering pass in.
But shot to flex it.
Back counter.
And these broke on the auger.
Talked it away on the fire side.
Zubab holding it.
Count down underway.
And Florida.
Set up right your team season.
They are going to stand in the final.
Panthers have beaten Pittsburgh.
Trinidad.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yeah, this is a pretty positive article here.
It's the first one I'm reading from the Denver press.
It's a lot better than anybody in Pittsburgh ever wrote about us.
Panthers will frustrate the avalanche by Bob Kravitz in a Rocky Mountain news.
And he goes on about all the integrate individuals we have on his team and about race
shepherd and Martin Strocken, Robbie Nidemar and Jovonowski's passing and Vorak and
Svalod, Sedermann, so on.
It says this team is full of guys who are winning with more than effort.
That's right.
There's some talent there, baby.
It's not just a and here's another one.
What's this from New York Times?
Panthers success.
Leave it to be.
And if that wasn't the greatest game that's ever been played by maybe not just by him by anybody,
yeah, he did let the one in.
I mean, guys have had a lot of shutouts, including him.
But that game he stopped in Yagur on breakaways, clear cut right in front.
Dave Rose, two, three shots.
He's whacking at it and the beas are just was invincible, man.
And the only goal they did get on a power play, Ned vid made a perfect shot just inside the post.
I think the beas are was partially screened on it.
No chance.
But other than that man, he was like a like a wall.
And if he keeps playing like that, guess what?
We're going to be hoisting it and a cup too.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
Herbert for Harvard from Philadelphia.
Yes, sir.
Your team really looked great.
Yes, they did.
I just moved here.
The panthers really looked super.
Yes, they did.
How many years ago were you in, Philly?
I never was.
I thought you were doing what?
I thought you were on radio there.
I don't think so.
No.
Not that I remember, of course, it could have been another life.
Well, good luck to them.
OK, thanks a lot, pal.
OK.
See you on the wonderful world of Dolly Banks, whatever that is.
We have an open line in the Green Line 1-800-944-946-3184-44-W-I-O-D.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
The unbelievable mighty panthers are seriously on the map.
And the sales of Panther paraphernalia are up, including Gary Glitter.
Uh-huh.
Hey, it's teams with all the legacy, Neil.
You know, the likes of Detroit, Chicago, and Toronto.
Who haven't won the Stanley Cup in 60 years?
And some combined.
Yes, they'll be watching the Cinderella Panthers on TV or Denver.
Mm-hmm.
Well, somebody that sounds just like Jeff Moss and looks like
I'm sent me over a facts here, gazing into a crystal puck.
This was in a hockey news before the season started.
And it's got 2, 4, 6, 7, 9, 11, about 13 or 14 different so-called experts
picking their, uh, their finishes in the two conferences.
Nobody picked the panthers higher than 9th in the Eastern Conference.
And nobody, of course, picked us to be in the finals, okay?
Uh, let's see.
I'll give you, I'll give you the picks for the Stanley Cup champion, okay?
New Jersey, New Jersey.
By the way, I think they missed a playoffs, didn't they?
Philadelphia, New Jersey, New Jersey, New Jersey, Philadelphia, New Jersey, New Jersey, New Jersey,
Detroit, Colorado, Pittsburgh, and Detroit.
Or Philadelphia, Detroit.
So in other words, there's only one out of 14 guys that picked either one of the teams
that's in the finals, Colorado.
That was Jim Kelly in the Buffalo News, which I'm sure is the writer and out the quarterback.
Neil, I called you earlier this year before the playoffs started.
And I boldly said the panthers are the most improved team in all four sports.
Yeah.
And you questioned that by calling me an obvious expert.
Well, when was this?
Oh, it was before the playoffs started, okay?
And, uh, you know, I got it on tape too, but never mind.
But anyway, you call me an obvious expert.
Do I get credit for that now?
Yes, you do.
Thank you, sir.
Do I get credit for getting struck and woolly back in line up?
Oh, of course you do.
There you go.
Okay, we're even.
You and I, pal.
I'll get you on the phone with me next time I'll have a conference call.
Yes?
Neil, I heard Billy Smith has been working with the Beezer.
What do you know about that?
Well, what do me has been working with?
And he's the goalie coach.
What do you, what do you, what do you, there he going?
An obvious expert again.
He's our goalie coach, pal, and has been for how long?
For since the inception of the team.
No kidding.
You know, kidding.
No crap.
Well, they remind me of the New York Islanders in late 70s.
There you go.
And Bill Klai's where he dug out the old bow ties again from those days.
Just for good luck.
They had a lot of solid young labors who played defense along with great goals,
tended in excellent coaching that made them the complete team.
Probably Denise Pott fans advice that's putting us over the top.
All right, sir.
You have a great day.
And back to you.
Bye, bye.
Left him almost speechless with that.
Open line and date 7519463751
WIOD.
Here's Palm Beach.
Hello.
Neil Panthers.
Yes, sir.
A claim.
God.
That's us.
All right.
This is your buddy, the sign man.
I made you a gift.
Your own personal license plate.
You can't get anywhere.
I'd like to drop it off to you tomorrow.
OK.
You said we could.
I've called the code text from the Harold five times.
Every time I've called completely filled up his.
All right.
Nice.
Nice.
You can't even get through.
So you know that the crown ball.
That slime ball who's goes Cinderella lost his slipper and the ride is over.
And it was nice while it lasted.
And they've let it.
The thing that really pisses me off is he's like kind of saying, well,
they choked, you know, like the Marlins have done this and the dolphins have
done this and the heat against the bulls like they choked in it.
You know, well, what kind of crap is that?
You know, whoever expected us to get past the first round of the playoffs,
they had to have their head examined.
You remember when you were a kid waiting for a Christmas?
Right.
That's how I've been on Saturday all day waiting for Saturday night to watch a game.
It's like so nervous.
I can't wait to see it.
Yeah.
Anyways, can I put in a small plug?
By the way, Mike Huff got I said it.
I said it to Doug McLean.
I want to say it again.
Here's a guy that a lot of us, including me, thought was pretty washed up.
And I mean, he's 33 years old.
He's been a journeyman player.
He had a tough season.
He was like slow and all of a sudden, man, this guy's like flying.
And here he gets on that three on one.
And thank God it was failure there on the other end of that.
The passing play.
Beautiful.
And back to Huff.
And he sticks it right in there.
That was just incredible.
It was a great game.
Mike Huff has been skating like wildfire in the series.
Anyway, go ahead.
Beautiful game.
Anyways, I'd like to put in a plug to I would, you know, for a small fee,
make anybody any type of custom license plate.
They tell me what they want.
And I could design it for them.
OK.
And I give you my number.
Sure, absolutely.
407, 795, 592, 6.
That is the sign man of South Florida.
407, 795, 592, 6.
And I'll put on anything they want.
Logos, rats, any type of lettering, their name, whatever.
I've made you one for your vet.
And I hope you use it.
OK.
And I'll drop it off tomorrow.
Thanks a lot, Tom.
Thank you.
Open line in Palm Beach.
1-800-944-9463.
1-800-944-WI-DWR-1133.
Attention, Panther fans.
And it might be just a couple of mouth there today, wouldn't surprise me.
For the first time in the history of the Florida franchise, your Panthers are Eastern
Conference champs and headed to the Stanley Cup finals.
In celebration of this historic occasion, and viral mint has been licensed by the National
Hockey League to mint commemorative medallions.
What better way to preserve history forever?
An extremely limited edition of 3,000 will be produced in one ounce of .999 pure silver
for .995.
And only 750 will be produced with a 24-carat gold overlay for .995.
For the serious collector order, only one of only 250 3-piece proof sets for 125 bucks.
Let me say it again.
One of only 250 3-piece proof sets for 125 bucks.
Each proof quality medallion is individually numbered and comes with a certificate of authenticity
too.
The design consists of the official Panthers logo with the title 1996 Eastern Conference
champions and the official Stanley Cup logo.
There will never be a second minted, so this is your chance, your one and only.
Call 1-800-288-Mint to order your Panthers Stanley Cup medallions.
That's 1-800-288-MINT.
All major credit cards accepted lines open 24 hours.
Call in order before they're sold out.
Do it right now or you're going to be out of luck.
Call 1-800-288-Mint.
The South Florida's new.
As I said, she was boiling the water to wash clothes, which she does routinely and that's
when that child's tucking his hand into water.
The South Florida's premier news team.
We can express this from the strong, from the strong, with any strong, strong, strong
quality.
Call the building, get some form of culture even to tornado.
Love those news.
News talk and entertainment radio.
610-W-I-O-D.
What's the subsession with Hoki?
We love you Panthers.
Oh, yes we do.
The way you skate and score and follow through.
Bring on Yager and love you.
Oh, Panthers, we love you.
Oh!
We love you, Scroogeland.
Oh, yes we do.
Yes.
Even when you took that double-two.
First, slicing Brenda Moore.
Clean through.
Oh, Scrooge, we love you.
Oh!
We love you, Malin B.
You're where it's at.
You made the season.
You're of the rat.
You're on my very favorite cat.
Scott Malin B.
Where it's at.
Yes.
We love you, Neater Meyer.
You've really bloomed.
Like a flower in a sunny room.
Oh!
You're gonna score again.
Where you'll soon.
Rob Neater Meyer, we love you.
Thank you, Blake.
We love you, Beaver.
Oh, yes we do.
With your mighty pads and glove hand too.
We'll give the credit where it's due.
Then, Beaver, we love you.
Oh!
We love you, Lindsay.
Oh, yes we do.
The way you beat Ray Bork and ran for two.
Yes.
That's your handy goal.
What I've caught.
We love you, Lindsay.
Oh!
We love you, Doug McClain.
Oh, yes we do.
You'll be coach of the year.
Because it's true.
Unbelabeled.
You brought us all this way.
Who knew?
Oh, panthers.
We love you.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Okay, 21-Till-Lew and a W-I-O-D.
We'll see everybody's on the bandwagon.
Our close personal friend, the lovely Mike,
over at B-Screened says we'll have red attack shirts
available first thing tomorrow morning,
as well as Eastern Conference Champion shirts today.
