Talk in entertainment radio.
610 W I O D Miami Fort Lauderdale.
I'll get rid of this music.
OK, this music has got to go.
Can't we, I mean, are we moving backward or full?
610 W I O D.
Put your it.
Slice it up.
That's it.
I killed the cold.
All right, that too.
Anyway, it's 1158 at W I O D.
Happy at Tuesday.
To see Adams in here.
Not quite so early as yesterday.
I don't have to start coming in here like Andy.
Like little Andy was doing like real early in the morning,
sucking around and being a quizzling.
Look what it did for him.
He's up in New York now.
Got him a good job.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Wait a minute.
Wrong line.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Rogers.
Yes, I am.
Was listening to you a little earlier
when you were talking about the Miami Herald
dictating who to vote for?
Yes, I was.
Well, you know, a lot of people don't realize it,
but Artile is a decorated Vietnam veteran.
So what does that got to do with the price of rice?
Well, I just think that if it wasn't for the veterans,
the United States would not be what it is today.
Yeah, so does that mean that he ought to be the mayor
of date County because he was a Vietnam?
No, no, no, I'm not saying that.
Can we make everybody who's a decorated veteran
the mayor of Miami is going to get pretty crowded
in that office?
Well, no, I'm not saying that either,
but I'm just saying that you're saying go out and vote
for panelists.
That's absolutely correct.
He's portraying himself as a Cuban American.
He is not a Cuban American.
What difference does it make?
What difference does his ethnic background have to do with it?
Has none to do with that?
So then what do you, so what are you bringing it up for?
Because he brings it up.
Yeah.
And I, of course, it's unusual in this community
for anybody to inject their ethnicity into an election
isn't that's very unusual.
No, it's not unusual.
Yeah.
So what do you bring it up for?
How does that make him less or better qualified?
It doesn't make him less or better qualified.
I'm just saying he is perceiving himself.
I don't care what he perceives himself.
I perceive him as a more independent, a more hopeful candidate
to be the mayor of this County as opposed to somebody
who's just another and a long list of pawns like Joe
Caroyo who's going to be a puppet for the Harold
and special interest in Dave County.
That's the point.
Now whether somebody was in Vietnam
or any other bogus point you got.
Well, what about him accepting all this money supposedly
that they say accepted from the.
And what about our TL not filing income tax returns
or paying taxes last two years supposedly?
What about that?
I'm sure that if it was a real major issue,
the federal government would be happy.
If it was a major issue, I guess it's just a minor issue
if that's true, huh?
So a minor issue.
It's a federal government.
It's not a...
Sure, I'm going to tell you something.
I could sit here until midnight and just challenge you
with fact and with logic.
It wouldn't move you off the dime for a second.
If you like our TL, more power to you.
Go out there and vote for them 30 or 40 times.
Thank you for taking the time.
Okay, thank you so much for wasting mine.
We have an open line at day 751WID.
We got all of Broward back in that noon time coma again.
Boy, I can see we really made some great inroads
these last two days.
524, now see yesterday we had a false alarm
the first two hours.
All that was about was the Ron and Ron thing.
That's all that was about.
It had nothing to do with the fact that the audience
is like alive because in two days
we're not going to like rekindle an audience.
It ain't going to happen.
So we had a false alarm here and now it's like,
oh my God, can this really be true?
5249463 and Broward and two on the green lines,
1-800-944-WID.
He's a decorated veteran.
How about that Admiral, what was his name?
The one that ran with Perot, what that was Stockdale.
There's another decorated veteran, okay?
Who doesn't know what planet he's on?
Who am I?
What day is it?
What day of the week is it, okay?
There's a good reason that everybody rushed right out
to vote for him because he was a decorated veteran.
Let's get Colin Powell to change his mind.
There you go, another decorated veteran.
Here's my, and again, last time I checked Bill Clinton
who evaded the war in Vietnam,
who was allegedly a draft dodger.
Last time I checked this morning on CNN,
he's 22 points ahead of Dool and the polls.
How do you like that?
I like it a lot.
Here's Miami on the purple line, hello.
Hey, hi Neil.
Yes sir.
I'm also terminal, I can't get over him.
Yeah.
Hey, listen, we don't have,
one thing we're consistent, we don't have quantity
and we don't have quality.
So at least we got consistency today.
We got nothing but dumbbells.
Bill, when was the last game of the Stanley Cup?
What day was the last day?
What was the date?
How did I know what the last date was?
June, June 14, something like that?
Was it July?
No, June.
Oh, it was in June.
Yeah, I think the 12, 13 something like that.
Oh, I thought it went into, okay, so June,
July, I mean, three months between the season,
between the ending of the season to the beginning.
Right.
That's a quick, that's quick.
What are you upset about there?
Well, no, it's just a baseball, six months football,
six months basketball is probably five or six months.
Why is hockey so different?
Because the playoffs go on because they got so many teams
out of playoffs, go on for an eternity.
Okay, I don't have a problem with that,
but it's only like three months between
and then the playoffs are back.
So what's the problem with that?
What's the point, right?
Who cares, right?
No, no, it's not a question.
Who cares, why does it disturb you
that there's only three months before it started up again?
It doesn't disturb me.
I just thought I'd bring that to your team.
I am well aware of it.
You are.
I'm very well.
You know, something, nobody is happier
that it's coming back than I am.
So I, I, I, I, and I'm going to tell you something else.
This group of people that bitch me out
because I talked hockey all I see.
The winner book, we had a phenomenal rating book
and I talked hockey a lot to her and then,
and based on the response of these people,
anything else I bring up,
I might just talk hockey every day here, okay?
Because at least I get some response to that.
Gee, I didn't need a lot of a problem with that.
There is absolutely nothing else
that this audience of mine wants to talk about.
I could sit here and have 4,275 different
pressing things on a table,
and these people won't respond to any of it.
Don't have a problem.
Let's talk about hockey.
That's, that's a good subject, Neil.
Yeah.
Second issue, I'd like to.
What about it?
What a hockey?
Yeah.
Well, you know, I might have been a hockey fan.
I watched two or three games last year.
Yeah.
Two or three games, that's an avid fan.
Well, I like football.
Yeah.
So you're happy with Ericsson then?
I'm happier than Ericsson with Bernie.
Yeah.
Bernie is, Bernie's a, he's okay for a girl school.
That's about it.
All right, now let's talk about the quarterback
for Philadelphia.
Think they'll go after George?
Not if they got half a brain.
Right, and they also are talking about cutting ham.
Yeah.
What do you think about the two?
I think they're desperate.
I think they'll do whatever they got to do
because this tied demorizm going to do the job.
He's another one.
Girls team.
Hmm.
Highest control for you, winner.
Let me say it again.
It belongs on a girls team.
Not going to get the job done.
All right.
Neil, enjoy talking to you.
OK, pal, have a great day.
It's chronic.
We have an open line on the purple line, pound IOD.
We have one in day, seven, five, one.
We got one in Broward, five, two, four.
We got 42 on the green lines.
And you're right.
I thought that's something magical and mysterious
and phenomenal was going to happen.
And you know what?
It didn't.
That's how stupid I am.
That's how uninformed.
That's how idiotic I am to dilute myself into believing
that something miraculous was going to happen.
The day that we finally were free
from these bastards at Cox Enterprises.
And you know something?
Nothing has changed because we're still in the same place.
I'm not talking about the same building.
We're still in the same bush-league place.
It's going to be like this until the billboards come out.
Yeah, right.
When's that going to happen?
Yeah.
When's this gigantic promotional campaign taking place?
Not that we're impatient or anything on the first day.
Here's a mobile and coconut creek.
Hello.
How's it going, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Let me tell you something.
Being a Vietnam veteran does not make it
damn bit of difference in politics.
Oh, that guy was a bozo.
That guy was a jackass.
Yeah, I'll tell you what, I don't even live in Dade County
and I wouldn't vote for RTL only because I was phenomenal.
It doesn't support that stupid arena.
Right.
But they're trying to waste more.
Right.
You got one guy who's a puppet.
One guy who's a puppet of the hero.
The other guy who's got the balls to tell him to blow it out
their ass and that's the choice.
It killed me.
I think the most problems they've tried and schmutz them
self-daring there and they could throw more money in that
and help them maybe clean up and help the community.
Instead of building another guy, Damirina.
Yeah.
Geez, well, weaves.
What are they crazy?
They're out of their mind.
There's another arena.
Yeah, let's build another arena for the heat.
Yeah, that's a good one.
Why don't we waste more money on a bunch of overpaid
bansies anyway?
Okay.
We're making our own and in his cruise ships.
Okay, Alex, thanks a lot.
We have an open line in Dade 751946 and March the language.
751 WIOD.
We got two and Broward 5249463524.
What happened all those women we had calling yesterday, man?
We had a cramp load of women.
We had thousands of women.
We had them coming out of our earlobes.
And what were they saying?
Oh, we're so happy, Ron and Ron are betting.
That was it.
That's basically pretty much it.
So I guess let's talk again about how great Ron and Ron
were this morning, man.
We'll have women up the ass today.
We'll have women come out of our earlobes.
We'll have them come out of the vents in the ceiling
or something coming out of there.
Just demmy up, okay?
Just shut the crap.
We know we know where you just shut it up.
Tell you're out of this building.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just want to comment quickly on my view on the changes
that have occurred at WIOD.
Yes, sir.
Let's go back to that again.
Okay, we can probably milk a week out of that.
Let's get for our back on that again.
I just got to say that I think that the station right now
is taking a serious downward turn
because I don't like Ron and Ron.
Yeah, I was never wild about Rick and Suggs.
You're God and I love you.
And I'll see you thinking about it.
Oh, yeah.
I'm gone.
That's why I said that that's why my rule in life
is the city and beg to talk to people for hours every day.
That's what my show is degenerated into the last several months,
calling and pleading and begging for any response to anything,
screaming into the wilderness, shouting into like some deep dark
cold somewhere.
You're the only guy I'm going to listen to on that station.
Hello, at least the sex bitch was entertaining.
It was no she was not.
She had her show was a detriment all the way around.
See you're another one of these instant program directors.
I mean, obviously you're entitled to your opinion.
Her show had no positive impact on the station in the ratings
in income and anything.
Her show was a detriment.
I like the laugh at dumb bitches.
That's why I tune her in for better.
But let me say it again.
The show had no benefit to the radio station.
Okay.
I mean, the fact that you were sexist pig,
that's beside the point.
You know, I just think your show is great.
Phil was great.
I really like Rick and Sudden.
Well, I love that young guy that calls me in the beginning
of the show today and says,
well, I thought you were going to talk about Phil
for a couple of hours.
I'd rather talk about needle nose.
But what am I going to talk about Phil for a couple of hours
about him?
I'm just going to sit here and do a tribute and say,
he's great.
He's great.
He's great.
Are you sure positive?
He's great, but he's gone.
Can we get taste of his show?
You know how to get that from when he's out there?
Have a great day, pal.
Thanks, man.
Okay.
Find a life.
We have an open line under the blue line and Broward,
5249-463524-WYOD and one on the green lines.
As in Yahoo!
Let's get our Jeep Cherokee and our pickup trucks already.
And let's drive a convoy right down to Dan Hershey highway.
All right.
That's what Sunny Fox said.
He said, let's drive it right up on Hershey's.
Right down.
That's what Sunny said.
That's why he ain't there no more, I think.
See, they went over there on 441.
I'm Tonya, there's too many of those spots over there.
You know I'm talking about too many of those watering holes on 441.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm not a particularly sharp guy, but I got a question for you.
Do you feel like the government hit the critical when it comes to their
stand-fond tobacco?
You know something, sir.
We finally struck an intelligent voice, an intelligent cord in the conversation
today.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah, I got a let me ask you something.
You think Dan Quail was hypocritical in his stance on marriage.
We need you think so on his stance on what?
Marijuana weed.
I don't know what real stance was on marijuana.
Oh, okay.
What was it?
He stood as close to what as he could.
He said he would smoke it if he could.
Yeah.
Okay, pal.
Hope that the transplant works out okay for you.
We have an open line in date, 751.
Yahoo.
No, we have had an impact.
I'm wrong about that.
We're getting all the nose pickers now, man.
All right.
It's like being on a year back in Tampa again.
That's what's going on here now.
All right.
And we have an open line on the green line, 1-800-944-9463.
God, I sure missed those.
Yahoo.
So over there, they call anyway.
A lot of response.
They don't see there pretty much all like that guy, but at least you get a lot of them.
Okay.
I'd rather have a lot.
I'd rather have a million callers than one smart guy.
I'd rather have a two million dummies.
At least you have some fun with dummies.
That one guy who thinks he knows what he's talking about, which most of the time they don't.
So he sat out the last couple weeks of the season.
Didn't he, Roberto?
Roberto Durán?
Here's Halea.
Hello.
Now.
Yes, sir.
How are we going, buddy?
Great.
Hope I got you the good mood.
What does that mean?
Why are these callers that been calling you out there again?
Don't worry about the other call.
Just worry about your stuff.
Two open lines in date, 751.9.
Another call from inside the building, by the way.
751.9.463.751.
W-Y-O-D.
As we're starting to build a little, a little bit of momentum.
Not too much.
We don't want to get carried away.
We got, let's see, 49 and 7 is 56 minutes until that playoff game is supposed to start.
And thank God this audience has no interest whatsoever.
That means we won't have to worry that one o'clock, a whole bunch of people are going
to turn out, go rushing home or rushing to a bar or get their little TV set out or
get out for a bit on radio and be listening to some stupid baseball game.
We sure don't want that, do we?
So thank the Lord that nobody in this audience either cares or knows anything about baseball.
Here's the pompano beach.
Hello?
Hello, now?
Yes.
Just call it and say that not everybody hates run and run.
Yeah.
I think you're one of the best out there to just take a little time to get back in the
swing of things.
Yeah.
It just takes a little time.
Well, it's your ticket me time to swing it.
Well, you know, W-I-O-D-A-K.
I feel like some guy that's had his bat taken out of his hand.
I keep trying to swing it and they're ain't nothing there.
And the bat too.
Well, you know, like any company any business, you have your ups and downs and W-I-O-D-A-V-L-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L
That's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day
that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day
that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day
that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day
that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day, that's a bad day
our wh-mother cleaning of the arcade our wh-mother cleaning of theische train
OK-1218 and WID Philadelphia federal Court...... they're still hocking it trying to go over there less than an hour before the game is gonna start and who cares,
who cares, thank god, nobody cares
We have two open lines in bro we had a phenomenal response on there and they held on for about 30 seconds
That was the end of them two open lines and bro are in five two four and two on the green lines boy
I'm gonna tell you don't ever count on the people in this town for a life here's stored on the purple line. Hello
Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. I wanted to say a couple things pressure to call us all over them all over the board today
These calls are everywhere
Hey, what does that mean? They're all over the board. Yeah, we're talking about 15 20 30 60 different things
So what's wrong with that? Yeah, I don't know
They make me lose loose track. What's going on?
Why don't you throw my two cents and on baseball baseball sucks? They don't care about baseball. I mean, I'm sorry
I apologize that I didn't brought it up. I'm sorry that I mentioned it
I you know someday I'll discover what they do care about but it sure is hell nothing that I've ever discussed
I don't care about nothing. No, go back to hockey. They don't care about that either
Yeah, and I hope the river gets that job. Maybe we'll get rid of fat Hank. Yeah
I'm gonna
I'm gonna tell you something if they hired Rimmer to be on from noon to three with syphilis or whoever they put him on it
The idea that fat Hank would get up and walk out is so ludicrous the day that Rimmer walked into the first time
Hank would be kissing his ass. Yeah, cuz you can bet your life on it. You know that. Yeah, you know that the biggest
Phony ever to be born in the history of the human race. That's the fat man. I hate to jump on the dumb
Bandwagon, but I'm gonna I've been listening to you talk about the sports channel for the past three months
And and it wasn't until I picked up my TV guide and found out that I'm not gonna get to see the flyers and the panthers opening night
What cable you got I got a doffy and Delray Beach and they don't carry the sports show
I call yes, they do that's what that's what we've been told. I just called him yesterday
They said they carried the sports channel a few years ago to the sense of dog that they dumped it and there's no way
They're gonna take it back on
So what do I do? I call I never heard of such a thing
We were told that every everybody except TCI will have it on in time for the weekend
That's what I was told I called the Delphi cable yesterday in Delray Beach
Well whoever whoever you talk to I think either either they're dispensing a baloney or we're beginning it
So if I go to a dish I called prime star and they said they don't carry sports channel either. Yeah
What kind of what kind of a dish do I do? I?
Okay, because now I'm beginning to believe that I've been fed a lot of bullcrap
Cuz I'm gonna tell you something is sports channel is not on the small dish as of yesterday. I know that
Well, that's what they told me I'm not gonna go tell you to go out and invest hundreds of dollars and then have you find out
Well, I surprise it didn't get on there yet see this this thing where they waited way way way too long
To get this thing going do you know what I'm saying in other words
That it was way down the road after the season that sunshine
You know that they decided it was gonna be on sports channel cuz we an owns it and it was backed up again
Like the guy said before there was only three months in between the seasons and it's backed up against the time limit
And now here we are a few days away from opening night Saturday and nobody knows what's going on
I just want to watch my panthers. That's all I know I understand so does everybody else
But in the meantime, I'm not gonna sit here and pretend that I know what it is because evidently I've been fed a lot of baloney
Thank you Neil. Okay, good luck to us pal
Here you know Peter no scan. Okay, we have an open line on a purple line pound IOD
I'm positive that I was told in fact
I don't want to bring rumors name back up to this again, but we discussed that last time it was here right couple of weeks ago
Everybody's gonna have it. I keep getting assured of that the small dish. They're gonna have it and
Now we're finding out like from this guy. He calls his cable people. I say hey forget it. You ain't gonna get it TCI
You're not gonna get it
Is there anybody out there who thinks that they might be able to see it?
I know I'll see it because I got the big dish. It'll be on F1 21 on Saturday night if you got the big dish if not well
Hey, good luck to us
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I'd like an honest opinion. Yeah, what is that trash?
They have on in the morning now. I mean are those guys supposed to be even remotely
Amusing I got news for you man. They got a big audience. I mean, I you say you want an honest opinion and you start out by saying
What is that trash if you don't like it? What can I tell you? I mean either like it or you don't like it or you give it a chance
Or you don't give it a chance I did but have they had a following down here. Yes, they did
Yes, they did they had gigantic numbers here. Yes, okay on Zeta. Okay, so it's not for you. I guess not okay pal
I have a good one back see we can we you know you want to do that the rest of the week go ahead be my guest
I mean it's boring is it is taking a long cat nap out in the middle of the mountain somewhere
But hey if that's if that's what turns your crank
Open line and date 751 to enbrouwered 524 as we're in the middle of a gigantic transition here like I said
Here's for Lauderdale on the purple line. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. Did this switch over Mina? We've lost smoke this
I haven't got any idea
I can only hope I say we hope we lost a Neil on like it too. Yeah, I
I have no idea about the weekend programming. I have no idea about the new guy at night when he's gonna start
Defoe is here the month of October whether he's gonna be here beyond that. I don't know do we know who's gonna be on at night?
I don't know. Okay. I was listening to smoke this last weekend. Yeah
Unfortunately, I always trapped. He's a legend his own mind Dave. What do you want from that guy? Is that
Dave Graveline? No, it is not it's Dave Zeppel with oh, thank God because the voice the inflection he was using
I thought to myself. Oh my God. This is Dave Graveline with a new scam. Yeah
But I feel better now knowing it somebody else
So where's
Davey Graveline
It's a guard general. It's Dave Zeppelowitz man. This is a Jewish guy don't start to call him Davey Graveline long ashes
Right
Okay, I'm a material. Okay pal. Thanks for your great call
Purple line is open pound I OD we got one in a
Broward 5249463
God
Oh my God, please save us from this. I think I'm ready to turn to religion. Okay. It's never too late
Here's a lady in Coral Springs. Hello
Neil I am a lady. Yeah, I hate Ron and Ron. Yeah
So we listened to bow on power 96 this morning. Yeah, and switch back and forth
But why do you say we're what's such a hussy with such a venom?
I don't understand how anybody can say they enjoy him. I best about 15 people and know everybody saying they don't want to know
You know something we had we had a lot of calls yesterday
I know I wanted them a coach. I didn't like them. So in some other words you're gonna call me every day now and tell me
Don't like you gotta get out of here. I
Want different women not the same people to call it. She's like the gambling guy go to Atlantic City with that loser will you?
Maybe he can kidnap that bitch and take her to Atlantic City with him
She calls yesterday to tell me she didn't like Ron and Ron and now she feels compelled to call me again to tell me the same thing
What a bunch of children man if you don't like it like you said you turned over power 96. I hope you loved it life goes on
It's like we somehow have an obligation to put something on an everyday part that everybody's gonna like
We never had that before but now suddenly we've got an obligation. We're gonna have something on morning noon and night for the lifeless out there for people who have no life
Except their little radio
I have my life in my hand and my radio too
Oh my god get take up a hobby sweetheart go out for a good brisk walk into morning or just a good brisk
Here's the Miami hello
Yes, sir, how you doing? Look, I just want to give my personal opinion with all these idiots who keep on talking about Ron and Ron
Yes, I think everybody should
Here and listen to whoever the hell they want to listen to right and screw them
They've been on here for two days here and I got a woman calls me both days to tell me that she doesn't like him
Like her opinion is the is the ultimate barometer of human days. I know what you mean
I mean these people are really stupid man if you like it fine if you don't like
I hope they do a 10 share for my own selfish purposes. Yeah, and they'll do it
They'll do well or poorly regardless of whether I listen to it or not. Yeah, so what does that mean?
I don't know what it means, you know, I get so this is the nature of this town
Okay, is they've got a death wish for everybody somebody can come on here for five minutes here and right away
They're ready to run them out of town on a rail. It's always been a way I've been here for 20 years
It's never been any different. Well, Miami's full of assholes, man. No kidding. Oh, can I say something to my brother in here?
Yes, sir Dean Flamie. Thank you
Thank God he didn't say something we understand
What said Lulu? I know what he said just calm down. Will you super-speak just put a lid on it? Okay?
You're like nodding your head
You're nodding and bobbin okay?
I thought I was weaver your bobbin with robin
1220 on by the way Barbara Bowie 1228 at W I O D
Talking entertainment radio
16 W I O D
1231 at W I D wouldn't you leave it to us to get the story behind the story somebody who had dinner with an empire who once was an
Aunt or uncle of somebody who once was or lunch or breakfast or a snack or a slice of pizza at a subway
Says that John Hershbeck's comment to Alamar that set him off is after they got into the argument about the ball in the strike call
Hershbeck says you little
sucker
so
I guess now you have to ask yourself because now it's 1231
36 minutes away. There's Alamar taking batting practice right now as I speak by the way in the Camden yards and
They're still in court. They're still in federal court in Philadelphia and they're still like major league baseball is suing because
Needless to say the empires aren't legally supposed to be able to strike
So if somebody called you a filthy little sucker would you spit in their face?
There's something where you just start thinking about all you self-righteous guys that called me for
Do something in their posts scored scored exactly
Here's Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
Uh, you know parallel lines is two children man to grow up one of them
What let me ask you a question if you got like a sock over the phone or what?
Oh man, I just keep dropping my telephone on the floor
Yeah, can't understand a word you can't understand a word
Cannot understand a word you're saying man sounds like you got 80 pounds of mush on your phone
We have an open line indeed seven five one. What what the hell was he talking about anybody got a clue
Here's a bokeh. Hello
Boca
Okay, let's move in right along here's Kendall. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, don't I have a little opinion on the humerus deal. Yeah
It's obvious that he's obsessed with you and so he I think it's all jealousy since rumors friends with you
Yeah, well, isn't that pretty juvenile huh? Yep infantile and by the way at the shows with rumor are great when he's on the show with you
Yeah, well, he's not coming on the show again unless he's got the balls to open up a mouth and stand up for himself
You know you don't need to stoop to his level though
That's not the point but the point is you can't keep whining and whining and whining that somebody is picking on you and attacking you without having a balls to
You know to tell it like it is
Sooner or later you got to stand up for yourself. You got to fight your battle. You know what I'm saying? Yeah
Well, including Neil I got a boner to pick with you
Okay, a maha bonus. We have an open line in day at 7519 463 751. Here's Margate. Hello
Margate hello. Yes, sir. Neil. I got to give you a little update on the TCI situation up here. I got off the phone with them
It's going to be a premium channel. Yeah, anybody that doesn't want to pay for it's gonna work out to about a dollar a game
Starting win starting win. We want it to see you later starting win
Well, that's the problem. They don't know exactly when I'm very incensed over the situation
And there was a PR lady on the other station this morning who gave them a tremendous major run around
She said nothing for 10 minutes about the whole situation. Yeah, now what I heard also one of each of
Cable companies down in Miami is taking off WOR nine new york and giving them the sports channel
Yeah, I think that's a fair trade right. I think it's no. I don't think it's fair at all
I think it sucks
I think they should take off the food channel or one of those Bible thumping channels or one of those country music
Knows big channels
Religious channels spanish channels and stuff that I really don't need no one to have asked me what I would like
Right, well, they don't care. They just want you know
The point is also the FCC is working on a situation whereby if you live in a condominium
You will be able to put a dish up on your roof which you cannot do now
And what I was told by one of the young radio shak people who I was in touch with is to keep watching the news
The FCC is working on it because there are thousands and thousands of people who are out in the market for a small dish because of that situation
So that will be coming eventually also there's no timetable on it, but it's being worked on
Well, the FCC already passed the first part of the legislation that takes away from the condo is most of their authority
To tell you where where you can stick it and how you can put it absolutely right okay?
Because I inquired I would be the first one to put up but but let me say it to you again for the eight million time
Okay, because I'm tired you know
I'm trying to help out the panthers as I always do right
I'm trying to help out sports channel because that's the home of the panthers
But you know something
I'm tired of going on here and being given misinformation
Of telling people oh, yes, it's gonna be on a small dish
It's gonna be on a delphia and then people make it phone calls and finding out well
Guess what not yet and who knows who knows when
Up here in
About TCI okay, I'm telling you what they told me eventually will be on as a friend
You know something eventually the world is gonna freeze to I have a fan that but don't hold your breath without the at-the-ranger game of persons
So at least I can't be personal well. Thank God for that. I got it. Okay. Good luck pal
To obviously there's one thing it's it's bad enough to be used by people which I'm used to we're all get used in the media
But if you're gonna be used and you have the best of intentions at least give me the right information
At least inform me at least give me something correct to put out there to the public
So they know whether they're gonna have the stuff or they got to go to the Tony's bar or they got to go over to
Rosie Paymon's place up there in order to watch your hockey game
Here's Delray Beach hello. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How about that sports channel
There's four different divisions of a delphia cable and the Delphia and Boynton Delray does not carry sports channels
Yeah, and Palm Beach Gardens and South Martin County. They do on channel 50 and West Boca
They do not carry the sports channel and a delphia and West South Central. It's on channel 39
Well, you know something what you just told me there is more than my mind can comprehend
You know I'm saying in other words if I'm supposed to be
Sports sports channel central and I'm supposed to have the information. How the hell am I gonna know when they all they all got their
Testicles and tentacles in a hundred different directions. How am I gonna know? I'm reading from the official conversion shot as of
October 5 96. Yeah, and I'm just going by what I read I'm just saying but
Sports channel is carried by a delphia, but in different sections as for like I said there's four different divisions of a delphia
And they don't carry it in West Boca. They don't carry it in Boynton Delray area
But in other areas that they have contracts with like I said Palm Beach Gardens and Martin South Martin
They do carry sports channel on channel 50. Okay. That's all I just thought I'm making a I'm making a roadmap right now
Thanks a lot pal have a great day. Okay, so who's on first man if we got any idea or what we got two open lines and
Broward 5249 463 one on a green line. Yeah, the flyers in the apathas Saturday night on sports channel does anybody have it yet
Let me say it again if you got the big dish F124 no sparkle or 21 sorry F121
Which is Greek to 99% of you because you don't have a big dish and you wouldn't know where to stick it if you had it
Here's Oakland Park on a purple line. Hello. Yeah, sir. How you doing buddy? Okay. I like to make doing the best I can under the circumstances man
I hear you the best I can
With the mediocre lot that I've been cast in life. Well, let me just make a comment about the Ron and Ron show
Yes, I was a faithful listener during the old day-to-day when they had a cast of thousands right now the show is a little different
Being that now it's a threesome
You just got to give it some time because they really are funny if you listen to the vat power
D sperm if you know what I mean okay
Thanks for your brilliant comment and your
obscenity we have an open line on the a purple line pound iod if you got mobile one cell 18 t wireless the paxon people faith
Paid for it. How do you like that?
They got the money they can handle it and we got an open line in Broward 5249 463 524
So it's 1238 we got 29 minutes until the first game of the playoffs is supposed to start between the Orioles and the Indians and here's Peter
Gammon sitting there pontificating with every here on his head as gray as the fallen snow
And that's it and life goes on in America
You little
sucker
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello. All right. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. I just a comment on on the umpire
situation
I've umpired in various levels all the way up to senior league and and american legion ball
Yeah, and the first thing you're taught is an umpire is you're supposed to have rabbit ears and and no matter what goes on
You are there just as a mediator. You're not supposed to dream on not this not as proud of guys we got today
Well, I understand that and and as you said
Backward were umpires that were there to do umpiring and not to be stars
Today we have too many stars that are umpires also and I think that kind of the problem everybody
Is so afraid of being shown up there?
They're more worried about being shown up and doing their job and you know to me this is
The idea that they're threatening to walk off just because
Alamar is going to be on the field that that is beyond absurd
Did you ever read Dave Pellon's book you know the former american legumpar? Yes, I did. I mean, actually gumper
Yeah, and I mean that was written years ago and he goes on a great length about his battles with Pete Rose
It about how umpires routinely would single guys out and
No matter where the pitch was they would call it a strike or no matter how far they were safe
They would call them out and this this is nothing new. This has been going on for a long time
I I agree but but to make an issue
Out of one and and I agree that he shouldn't have spent his face. I agree that he should have
Yeah, there should have been some penalty for that
But the idea of threatening to just to boycott the playoffs in the series is just at the absurd. Yep
Okay, pal. Okay, thanks a lot. Okay. We have an open line in power at five two four
There's John Miller talk about a fat face to fart. There's John Miller getting ready to do the game
Of course the Orioles Indians we know he'll be objective since he's the Orioles announcer
Maybe at least if he doesn't do any impersonations during the game that'll be an improvement
Okay, I'll tell you one thing right now John Miller couldn't carry Mel Proctor's jock strap
Okay, when it comes to broadcasting baseball
John Miller reminds me of somebody we have locally which I don't want to mention Joe Angel's name great voice could be fantastic
But he's more obsessed with the try to be a comedian and would be an impersonator and all this other stuff
And just instead of concentrating on a game. So he's does that staged excitement staged fake excitement
I mean if you're calling an exciting game you shouldn't have to fake it
It's like a fake orgasm. Okay, if it's going pretty good for you. You shouldn't have to fake it
But hey, what can I tell you so what do we got in there? We got a bunch of crap. What do we got? We got the stuff from
What's what's his name? She tried one of those croquettes. I don't
Just doesn't sound like something I should try it. Yeah, CJC's here. Are you still here or what?
I've been here every day. That's where I've been. Where have you been?
Yeah, that's sure
Are you still here or what are your what's your story your cocks person now or like
Oh, you came back from the packs and lunch and how was it?
It sucked. Yeah, that's why they came back here to bring us some good food
So here's the stuff from what used to be deliciosa bakery, which is now called delightful bakery in West Kendall
And what is it?
Yeah, but what about the chicken croquettes that George was just raving about what what is that?
Chicken croquettes sounds like for goyam. It doesn't sound like something I would enjoy at all. It's for goyam
How now how can these have like these are breaded? I guess it's that soy meal stuff or something. He says it's low-carb
Hey
Hey, I'll eat them if you don't like them. Is there something you like dip them in?
They're candy, but not as a rule you dip them in your what?
Yeah, I don't know what that is. What what is it? It looks like it's pre-tasted. It looks like tuna salad chicken salad
Chicken what oh salad
So thanks JC. It's nice to see JC is still with us. He was just over the packs and lunch. Where was the food from?
Oh, I guess we better not say
He said it was pretty weak. It wasn't up to our usual spectacular standards is what he said
So the chicken croquettes are delicious even though they're not like um, they're I don't know what they are
Here's pompano. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How are you today? Okay. Neil. I'm pretty tired of the misinformation and there's a certain
That you would get bombarded with all over and I'm just tired of a certain fat sports sports cast or whatever you want to call him or
However, the sports hog yeah, whatever. Okay sports pig in any other market. Neil he would be tending bar and that would be his occupation. Yeah
For instance, he he is such a phony he claims that he knows the NFL on Friday
He said Houston was the best bet of the weekend. Oh, sorry
Um, he said San Diego
Kansas City would with the um, Kansas City was with the second best he had finally made up his mind in that game. Kansas City was the second best bet
Yeah
There are people who made who who probably followed his lead and and book those games that way
Um, I remember when we had the breeders crown at Gulf Stream the last time what one was a couple of years ago
Yeah, and he made his picks in every one of the uh ten races
I mean the breeders cup
And every every one every one he finished was off the board. Yeah, he never got one race right out of ten
He's looking on a reputation that was never there to begin with yeah
uh um and
And to have the influence over people the way he does
It's people should get hip and know that he doesn't know what he's talking about
um
I'm just tired of him you
Well, there's that certain element of people who want to gamble on every game that they watch and if they can't gamble on it
They have no interest to aren't really sports fans anywhere. They're just compulsive gamblers
And that's basically his crowd and evidently there must be a lot of them
You're probably right he probably is a chronic gambler you probably lose a lot of money every time
Well, okay, that's his business
Anyway, I enjoy your show. I missed Phil Henry, but run and run okay. Okay pal. Thanks. See yeah. Well, there's a guy said that they're um
being okay. It's what he said
So anyway, it's 1245
I'm thinking about it okay
He's looking in here like are you gonna do the break now or you know, uh, just think it i'm thinking about that
Hey, man radio
16 W I O D so this is like rice pudding without the rice
Did you taste this? Oh man is this good?
Mm-hmm. I wonder how many carbs there are in this obviously not much
Oh god is that good?
From our friend Jorge down at the delightful bakery which used to be deliciosa bakery which is located at uh, I don't know
It's sunset and uh, 151st Ave
West
And West Kendall. I think that's where it sounds right to me
Here's a candle hello. Hey uncle Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. I already thank you. I want to thank you for my tape
Party okay, I appreciate it. Well, we got two people that call in to say thank you. That's good
Well, you know people who's moved so you always make a point to call back and thank you
Um, I took your advice. I gave run and run and chance. I listened to him yesterday
But today they were not bad today show is much better than yesterday
And I actually came to the conclusion. I think I'm pretty much on the button
There show in and of itself is not bad at all
It's their dumb red neck call is that you know something that I was when I was driving to work this morning
I was thinking once once people in Miami know more of their Miami crowd
Because if you notice the people who have discovered who are calling from down here don't sound like that
They sound like real people someone which is shocking right
Yeah, and I was thinking once we get fewer those Yahoo's on there
It'll like make for a much more livable show
But then I come in here and if you listen to the calls that I'm getting
I'm thinking to myself who the hell am I to be making judgments about callers on anybody show
It's I'm this is unbelievable
Every day that I work in this market. It's like the first day I come in here
Seriously, then I got this bitch that calls a while ago that wants to call for the second day in a row to tell me her same opinion
She don't like run and run like it like she's compelled to tell us
Well, I'll I take your advice and I'll give another chance and I
Probably will lean towards them, you know, they got to get used to or or not as the case may be whatever
But you know, I take your advice. I you know my
Station doesn't change those two guys all the time and I'm in you know when I'm when I have the chance except at night
So I prefer to keep it that way if I can help it. Okay, okay
when
Request if I can yeah, we'll get with the daddy using his thing as a toothbrush. Okay. Thanks. Let have a great day
Take care. By the way, I'm not I'm not sure if that's the same disc with that other one
You know the Jesus excedrin one which somehow mysteriously disappeared out of the box by the way
Could that have been an active guide?
Good thing we put them on the best of yeah, it's right
It's good thing they're at the run of best of and that they've been preserved for posterity will soon or later get them back
Open line and date seven five one. We got one in brow word five two four one on a green line one of each color. How do you like that?
We got a purple one and a red one here's Miami. Hello. Hi. How you doing Neil? Okay
Listen I talking about fat asses asses way too fat to fit in the seats they sit in no
Who is the genius that put Hank goberg on sports jam live? I mean I listen at least on radio. We don't see his face
He's there sweating it out big time and that
Jacket he's got on it's like three sizes too small. Yeah, what's his problem?
I think it's one word fat. I think that's the word no, it's beyond fat. Yeah
Maybe it's maybe that's what it is and I don't know where
I mean people betting on the guy had never played a down a football in his life. Yeah, I don't think he's ever ridden
No, he break any horses back. Yeah
So where's he an expert? I don't know where he gets off calling himself an expert only
He's an expert on fact just axon we got two open lines in date seven five one
W. I. D. We got one in brow word five two four nine four six three and one on a green line as we continue searching for a caller
Who's we've had a few not many and as far as the women are concerned if she thinks that she was doing me a favor
By calling back the second day in a row. How can I say I'm trying to after yet?
See yesterday was just a false alarm. I must be the dumbest guy on the face of the earth to get sucked in to those first two hours yesterday
I oh my god look what's going on here? Sure ain't happening again
Here's Delray Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? Okay about these umpires
They think that they're the damn game themselves especially the baseball umpires. Yeah, they get involved with the personalities of the guys on the other team
And it's the same in every sport and the hockey referees are are even worse date their performance is the worst it has ever been
I couldn't even name one that I would consider good anymore and they like they're destroying the game
Yep, and it's all with the person if it's app somebody touches Eric Lindros boom. He's in the box
Yeah, Lindros can sit there and hack on people all day forget about it
It's like it's like the game that the panthers played against Washington last year up in Washington and Paul Stewart was the referee
And and butchered so many gave us so many penalties
We were too many short for like and almost cost us the game
So then he turns around and compensated by by calling 100 penalties on the capitals until we finally went ahead and won the game
I have never seen such a butchered job in a hockey game as Paul Stewart did that night on it was un unbelievable
And he's another one who's uh, you know become a real big personality in his own mind
Yeah, and this thing about even and things up all the time what the hell's that all about? Yeah
I mean call the game according to the
Yeah, the exact that philosophy is if you make one mistake making two is better than one
Oh, that's ridiculous and these baseball umps are squeezing the strike zone so damn small
Yeah, I wonder the guys are all hitting 50 home runs. I mean you got to throw it in a thimble to get a called strike
Three-diculous a ball goes across a guy's belt line and it's high give me a break
Yeah, well once upon a time there was a definitive strike zone
Used to be from the knees to the armpits, you know
That in addition to which it sounds like the beginning of that is chopped off
Because we're used to that news part we chopped it off man
We chopped the thing right off. It's the one to two hour. Okay. Here's four-letter day. Hello
Shut up already cut the crap. It's the one to two hour for a lot of day. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Oh, yes
Hello. Yeah, I enjoy your show. I just want to I've one quick question
I hope the phone that you put a few days ago play it by play I showed on the radio who performed it. Yeah some guy
Okay, it's uh, you know if it's available or yeah, it's on I'll get the oh geez here we go
So in other words, you don't really want to talk to me. You just want to ask me some questions about
Just a question. Oh brother. Oh this town man. What am I gonna do? I feel hungry had the right idea. He made the right move
I hope you're still in town and listening on a way out, Phil. You were right. I was wrong
It's uh baseball's greatest hits volume two
Is the name of the album?
Okay, are you and it's Terry Cashman did that particular cut, but it's it's on that album
Baseball's greatest hits. It's on CD because that whatever
Okay, thanks a lot. Okay pal. Bye-bye
Yeah, I get goosebumps on my back. I hear that song. That's what that guy said
We have an open line in day 751. We got all abroward waiting on you five two four nine four six three five two four
We just don't care. There's nothing that you can say to move us off the dime mister
We just don't care. We don't like you. We hate you like poison
And we have two open lines on the green lines. Oh the baseball games coming on. It's time for Luis Miguel
I think
Luis is getting ready to open his push right now
Here's uh, what is that with Hollywood? Is this is this like the comedy hour now and that thing or what here's Kendall? Hello
Neil yes sir. What is this? I have a listen to all the comments may about the uh about the run of Ron show
Yes, sir and what these people I guess don't realize is that if they could have seen their outdoor venues that they had down here
Yeah, where the police had to block off for miles they have a million listeners. That's right and just give them a chance and realize
No, wait a minute. It's got nothing to do with giving them a chance if they like it fine
If they don't like it fine, but the fact is that they're the morning show and they're not going anywhere
No, they're gonna be there. No
Now they are streamed down a little bit. There are two members that are no longer with them right
That probably drew in that bell a flipper or whatever's name was yeah, he's probably drew in that satellite
That grunt crowd thing or whatever, but I'm sure of these guys once they get a chance
They're gonna have you know as big as the audience is ever and that's gonna bleed over and to you guys the rest of the day
And that's what I'm hoping for you see one thing people don't get and of course they don't really care
They're just selfish and interested in their own thing
But there hasn't been one word of promotion
I mean there was a silly little article in the newspaper that nobody reads and that was it
Other than that the Ron and Rod audience 99% of the people down here who like them
They don't even know they're back on the air yet exactly. That's exactly right
Exactly right. So for me to sit here the second day that they've been on the air and expect to see some visible and audible change here
It ain't gonna happen right? I I spoke with them yesterday
Monday morning at about 615 and welcome them back and
They were telling me off the air that they're gonna make
Miami their home base right there coming here. You're one right are they gonna be broadcasting out of your studio sure?
Is that right right? Oh, I didn't know that I didn't know that they sure are oh
What brought about that change? I mean what when did that happen?
What do you mean what brought it about? Is that part of the whole deal that that transpired?
I mean if there's IODs going to be the main station on the a Ron and Rod network
This is the biggest market
So would make all the sense in the world for them to be based here and for more of their material to be about what's going on here
We don't give a damn about the Tampa Bay bucks or the lightning or about a lot of the
Yahoo stuff that's going on over there right
So the fact that they can concentrate more on what's happening here and make this the centerpiece of the show
That's gonna help a lot right one more thing boy. I'm glad you're not you're not a full-time sports talk show because I've never really listened to one
And these colors talking about the baseball spitting and this and the boy is the capital
For boring you talk about not only boring, but they don't know what they're talking about no
I mean it could be very interesting if you were talking with somebody knew what they were talking about
But they're just talking out there ass. They don't know what they're talking about no
So you know who reads an article in the Marmy Harold and they get on the phone and they're there and there and exactly you got it
Okay, thank you. Have a great day pal. We have an open line at day 7519 463 751 Mahabona and we have two open lines in Broward
524 Baba Buie 5249 463
Here's a mobile implantation hello
Oh from Dale. Yes, sir. How about those panzers this weekend. Yeah
They said look like they sent wore L down to the juniors. Oh, yeah, he's he's not gonna be he's never gonna
Too slow now. What about you?
I was too plotting. What about the fighter?
The one they picked up on the bar up in the morning. You mean Martin. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's still hanging it. He's still on the squad
It's is of the moment now they like the way you said the other one. That was there was kind of interesting. I mean the other the other black guy
Well, the bunch of this year. What can you say? Yeah, but where are your seats there? Then a bad spot
I thought you were down like behind the goal on the on Wayne side not anymore
You moved we moved to 106 man and we're regretting every second of it
Yeah, cuz we're like we're in 102 which is a pretty good seat right there behind well the seats are okay
But the the we'll see what happens to that fruit with that Ranger game
I'm gonna tell you we had a nightmare that fill it off the exhibition game. Yeah, I've got a bunch of rowdy
inconsiderate obnoxious assholes
And if their behavior is the same on the Ranger game there's gonna be a war in that section. I promise you that right now
I could kind of tell that from where I was sitting. Yeah
Yeah, there's a little rowdy that's going on not just rowdy
But just inconsiderate and people that had no interest in the game or letting anybody else watch it and trust me what I tell you
Adam which is the guy's name not you Adam, but another Adam this guy and his the cohorts of
Jack cases are gonna either learn how to watch a game and let other people enjoy it or they can watch it on the outside
Well most of the people in our section are prancing back and forth to the
Club underneath up and down the house. I'm gonna tell you we made a bad mistake
See I didn't have any choice because they eliminated the seats that I used to sit in because it's handicapped up there now
125
So those rows the last two rows in there don't even exist anymore
Well, they took them out of 102 as well
So we thought we were getting the big favor done first by moving to 106 because it's you know still row R
But it's like right between the blue line and center rice which you would think would be a great spot
But you got the blind spot along the near boards where you can't see anything
And then you got people leaning forward and the last slapping and everything and it's it's a nightmare
Well, they'll still have a good season this year. We'll enjoy it
Okay, if we can see it
Let me throw something in on the Sunfire Alibar thing
Yes, sir. I take it that you're you have an opinion on
What precipitated all that crap? Yeah, well, I think the umpires are getting out of hand too
I think they're they're kicking people out of games for no reason at all. They're going up
Players like shit field time and time again and ever been made a bone very calm a bone head call on that on that strike
And you know, it's like they're playing for the for the playoff right and then when he complained about it from the dugout
He came out in the umpire called the Alimar a little sucker. How do you like that? Yeah, and I mean I don't condone what Alimar did
Didn't know it was kind of childish and stupid, but you know this whole thing and now they're gonna walk out in another half hour
No, no, they're they're they're right now. They showed up. Oh, they're playing. Yeah, they had to change a heart
They didn't get the injunction against them
They did get the injunction against them walking out. Okay. Well, they'd have a change of heart
They like we're getting ready to lose a bunch of money or they were getting ready to lose their jobs
Is what it boils down to and they said oh, well guess what we'll do it another way
So right now
Empires are bored of playing for all of this crap than anybody. They're on a power trip
They're on a real big power trip and half of them about to down the field kill the umpire man
Well, can you say they've been doing that for a hundred years too. Okay. Have a great day. You too, Neil open line and date
Ah
7519 463 one and Broward 5249 463
So JC went down to get his check and I said the we got one last day from the Cox people that we're getting paid for which was yesterday
Which was our last Cox day which I really thought was gonna change something in my life and evidently did not at all
Which is very depressing. I'm gonna go home and blow my brains out right after the game is over
Well, no before you croak you want to find out how the game came out
Don't you
That's what Dr. Jack says he says before you put that plastic bag over your head and take those barb
Virtua it's be sure to watch you a ninth inning of the game unless the course it goes extra innings then you might have time to change your mind
Hmm. Oh, man. Oh
God
That strawberry moose is so good
I mean I can't begin to tell you the last time I had anything that satisfying in my mouth
Especially the first day for Paxton
We have an open line at Broward 5249 463 524 w. I. Would be a couple on the green lines 1 800
Let's blow this joint. Here's a mobile in pop it. Oh, be chill. Oh, hey Neil. Yes, sir
Tell me here the other day I was listening to you. You'd mention about the
Racing season of the pompano getting kicked off. Is that Friday evening right Friday and Saturday?
Great. What time Friday nights that start up 730 cool. Can you pick them?
Yeah, I can pick them at the best. I usually use my little finger instead of my index
I'll see you there pal. All right, but
Two open lines at Broward 5249 463 on a desperate Tuesday, man. What a what a what a change
What a letdown after yesterday's phenomenal. I thought that this was a love fest
I thought that we had turned the corner. I thought that we were emancipated. I thought that life was gonna be worth living
And
Man just a sock in the pus. I mean spitting in the faces nothing compared to what I get just about every day
Spitting in somebody's face is little league its baby crap compared to what goes on here
As the audience just basically deers you defies you defies you to make it to the four hours without absolute self-immolation
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hi Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir
Listen, I know it's not fashionable, but
You know, I'm gonna refute some of these callers that are bashing baseball all right number one
Like I said, I yeah some of these people don't have a mind of their own and as far as excitement
You cannot tell me that baseball the last month and last year's playoffs
We're not as exciting as any football game that I've seen other baseball is pretty boring
Well, Neil you're gonna tell me that the Yankee Seattle series was not exciting last year. I couldn't care less
Well, that's your opinion. I can't cut. I the only way I could care less of Seattle beats them
Then I'm happy the Yankees when I get very depressed
But you like how could you say that when two years ago before the strike you were talking about the cubs and how baseball was a good sport to watch and relax
I used to love baseball used to
And like in like most people with a brain
I decided that it's just a not worth the aggravation anymore
I watch it because it's there during the summertime and the summer here is so boring that anything you can find on the dish
You know, you just have it there because it's there
But during the regular season baseball is like taking a I'd rather take a good nap is more refreshing and revitalizing than wasting two
Three hours on a ballgame well as I said that's your opinion
But if you were watching up the playoffs or the wild card races this year
It has been exciting baseball and I'll tell you right now NFL has not done a darn thing for me this year
They have nothing exciting. Oh, you know something. I agree with you
I think that I think the I've said that myself that I'm getting really sour on football
In fact, even though I'm not much of a college football fan
Some of the more exciting. Well, of course most of the college games are 77 to three anyway because they're playing girl school
But when you do have a game that's pretty interesting like Ohio State beaten the snot out of Notre Dame
That's entertaining only because you hate a particular school
Okay, I agree with it Wisconsin and Penn State was exciting kid did just missed the 47-yard field goal in the final couple of seconds
I would have tied it up for Wisconsin
Exactly I agree with you
But football I would agree football has gone downhill and again
The reason with most sports is because the dilution of talent with the tremendous expansion has created it's a farce
It's a farce that's the one thing that saved hockey as far as the expansion is the fact
They were able to get all the European and the Russian players and the Swedish players
This is the only thing that saved hockey
I agree with you on that point, okay, but I
It's very first of all I am a firm believer that is not a baseball town
Hey, well, there's no question about that. That's not even debatable far from and very
Down here is boring. I find the more ones the more ones are the most boring team in history
Exactly, I mean, and they finished only two games under 500 they come out like a house on fire and nobody cares nobody cares
Right, you know, I'm not a particular fan of nationally baseball. I'm an American league club fan
But the bottom line is is I have watched a lot of the game and
Watching them on edition everything and the last wild card race in the last month has been very exciting
And I'll tell you what a guy catches a ground ball. He doesn't do it dance like a guy that makes a tackle does yeah
All right, I'm getting a little tired of that crap
But it seems to be fashionable how much guys like very bonds and Albert Bell do you think that they're accredited to the game?
No, they're not like you know what they're the exception. They're not the general rule though
I mean you don't have that many guys that fit there and self-grandize when they hit a home run
Yeah, it's the exception like those guys but for the most part
You look around you don't see guys doing that and you don't see guys doing dancers because they made a put out or they
Got an assist on on a ground blow or something like that, you know, I mean it's basically like I said
It's fashionable to bash baseball
But there are a lot of problems in the other sports too. Hey man. All right. Okay. Thanks a lot
Amazon right now. All right. See ya. Bye
Okay, the game is on the umpire showed up and all this other was just a waste of time
All the release we found that what the word was it was you little sucker was the word
Did you say dick?
I didn't know you were leaving
We're gonna just surprise me
Did you know he was leaving he must be after that
No, I did not say dick oh
I think I'm looking at one
Now who is that? That's a big secret for the break
What do you mean for the break some fat friend of yours
Proffier not fat rich
Okay, it's not fat rich. It is fat rich. Yes. What does he want?
He has a secret message. Oh Jesus God
Have you ever been tempted just to take all your possessions and your dogs
To just clean out your bank account
If your bank can get it right and just take off
Just haul ass and start over brand new like new scenery you know
113 at wiod
16 wiod
When I was little I was a skinny little punk
They wouldn't let me play basketball
The gang used to push me around
Even the hose beat the crap out of me
But then I started drinking milk and I kept on drinking
And I kept on drinking and I kept on drinking and now I'm a six foot five inch
285 pound angry mother
And I'm gonna put some serious on everybody whoever dissed me you
You go home in a body bag because I'm a natural born milk breake and killer
Milk it does a body
So what the you think this is anyway?
So there was fat rich a hawk and a china about the hockey tickets and about sitting here and sitting there and again
You know
Trying to do his best
But I told him forget a rich. I'm getting in my car
I'm hopping in there with the dogs. I'm taking them cleaning out all my accounts
I'm taking a whole suitcase full of cash and I'm heading to east I think just anywhere at this point
We have two open lines in date counties 7519463 the Indians and the Orioles are playing in canned any arts baby
They're ready to rock and roll. They're gonna do it any second. They're just getting ready to do it
Here's the four-letter deal. Hello
Okay, we're on hold there blow it out yours open line and brown and here's a lady in lauderdale lake. Hello. Hello. Yes, man
Oh, me oh hi
Talk to me badly
We're leaving on October 26 for two solid weeks and we owe it all to you
You got us all excited. Yeah, you sound very excited
Sound like you're on a verge of a coma. I'm well. No, I'm not in a coma. I never come home is come on. We do you sound comatose
Oh me
Yes, he do
Very depressed. I thought your dog peed on your leg or something. No, I'm just thrilled to death. Yeah
The only thing is I made a mistake of buying one of those travel books and
They're talking about
Personaching and people going by and motorcycles and wrong. We're doing well. You forget about that
Just ignore it. Yeah, I am I just got a money belt now. Well, I need us the money to put in it right
We have to go through New York because that's where it's dangerous
I know
If you get out of New York if you get out of New York alive then you'll be okay once you get to Italy, but New York
I'm not so sure
Well, we can't go anywhere because there's not enough time between flights good
I'd rather have gone to Australia, frankly, but what are you flying on?
We're flying for two thousand away
Why is that?
Because that's what's with bargain so cool bargain is hooked up with the two-week tour we're taking
Oh my god, you're taking a tour and you're flying TWA
Oh my god
Oh, what a bad
In the idea that is I know
But the thing is that we have all three Niders in every place we stop and it's a solid two weeks
Let me ask you something
Do I have to bring a line to overcoat for the end of October and
The time in November do I have to you have to bring a lined overcoat? Oh the kind what do I know about line over coats
It's gonna be it's gonna be chilly
It's gonna be chilly. What do you think it's gonna be 75 80 degrees at the end of October and in November?
I still do you think I have don't answer that yeah, okay, of course you need to take a warm thing take a warm thing with you
Well, of course, I'll take a sweater and something. I wouldn't take too much bulky stuff
This is Italy brother. It's gonna be pretty chilly sweet art. It's gonna be pretty chilly
Don't come back with pomemonia and blame me for it. Well, I'm not gonna be chilly
That's where are you saying well, you know what you know, I have to deviate to something else. Yeah, be a idiot
When I was a freshman at Miami-Dates South. Yes, I talked to you on
WKIT buses
I talked to you in the afternoon when I didn't have class and I got very behind on my research of my subject. Yes
So you're such an influence you really are oh so air impact I have on this town man
It's unbelievable
Well, I believe in here every day when I walk out here at two o'clock I shake my head and I say this is unbelievable
I believe in you how anybody could be on here for 20 years and have so little ability to elicit a response
I mean even a bad response it's it's shocking what is shocking hey? What is all this negative thinking look at us
We're going to just Italy and we're going when it's chilly. Yeah, so there you go. Yeah, well you stay here and I'll go how's that?
Hey
Wouldn't that be wonderful?
We want to go to okay, so we are have a great time. Thanks a lot and one bubble up. Okay
What's he say we have an open line in date seven five one WI would be we got a pair in brown or five two four nine four six three
That looks like people during the other room there
They probably making probably man looks like Rhonda wolf Rhonda of rat fink wolf in the other room too
It's the Paxon people oh
Thank God they've come to rescue us from this maraz from this abyss from this sea of mong
And now as soon as I said that they ran out the door
Are they running in this door? What do you got there? Don't at all please don't tell I heard the foods
I heard the food sucked at your lunch
That's what uh, I don't want to say JC said it because we don't want to lose him
Oh, well look at that. Isn't that beautiful? Let's say well, I can throw this out now. I can eat that
It's not on the Edkins though, but that's okay anyway
That looks pretty decent. Where's it from can we say before we rip him
Sarah's
Now you mean Sarah's not Sarah's pizza place the little uh, you know Sarah's pizza?
Oh, just wait and once this I hear no food in the studio over there is that true? Is that just a joke
It's just a joke okay. You hear that George. I said for everybody else no food, but for you mr. Hachot
Okay, yeah, I sure hope you've been busy and didn't hear the show today by the way
So anyway, here's the Paxon crowd they're here today they're laughing
But I think they're only putting it on okay. They said we have heard the show and guess what you ever hear the last supper here
You go fatso
God
So so what's the story did you you come in the front door? Do you have like
Yeah, you walked right in just like they own the joy they said by the way that dollar is past due that you're leasing the building
The dollar is past due and Bob green kind of like slipped out there. I'll be right back
I'll be right back just like he did Saturday night at the bill of bong and didn't pay the bill what a guy
Are we like uh, oh no, we're not
Okay, here's four-letter day. Oh, hello. Hey, how you doing now pretty good. Hey, I gotta when did this
Goldberg guy get this moniker the hammer okay the hammer the hammer that's that sounds more like it
I got a story on the Humper during during a point of confusion in my life
I was working at Don Chulau's hotel. Yeah, and you know they tape and shoot a lot of the things there, you know for you know
Sephelo does the sports cast there and there you know some of the radio's syphilis. Yeah, yeah
So, uh, you know, they all come in. They're all decent guys, but
But the hammer wouldn't come in the hammer and the hammer and he would come in and he grabbed our cart
You know, that's how you gonna how you gonna make a buck as a problem without a cart
Hey stupid. Yeah, wouldn't wouldn't say a word. No, please. No. Thank you. Yeah, take the cart go off
Everybody else would have a crew with them to set up there. He is he's setting up his own little thing and you know
He does all the work himself, so I've heard he has set up his own little thing a few times. That's yeah
But I just that was old. Yeah, one night. It's it's really dead in there and he's setting up his deals
You know, and I'm kind of wondering around that he's taking my cart
And I'm really kind of hanging out trying to get it back as soon as I can so I can go back to making some money
Yeah
And I said hey, how you doing Hank and he looked at me and he said Hank
He said I think it's mr. Goldberg to you as a stupid. Yeah, and I thought
Did it was you was serious? He was absolutely serious
Oh my god
He's a porker in his own mind. I'll tell you that but that's all I had to say
Okay, true story and you can repeat it. Well, he's a class boy. I'll tell you that have a great day pal
Okay
We have a browner open 5249463 the baseball game is underway
We're gonna have bring fieldback one last time to a little play by play 125 at w-i-o-d
entertainment radio
610 w-i-o-d
And now the secret behind how princess die keeps her girlish figure
Oh
Okay 128 a w-i-o-d we love the packs and people already I told you I told you rana is great
Pete boulder is great Jim Bocock has got a great furniture store
Seriously, is he got anything to do with the furniture? Because it is kind of an interesting name
What he says name was Jim Bo something like that did you say?
Oh, there you go again by the way, they said you're right. George will be leaving. He doesn't know it yet
That dick
We have an open line at day at 751
Broward, you know, this is really fascinating. Okay, my good friends from packs and come over here on the first day of the switchover
Okay
And they walk into the studio and they bring me a uh, because they had the big free lunch for everybody from over here
And of course we're on a year so they bring me my own plate
With pretty good stuff on here too by the way not all atkins but too bad pretty good stuff
And look at the Broward line and I noticed they were looking at the phone. Oh, yeah, look at that look at the brown
They're like you know making little comments
Like we're paying a guy this much money and he can't even get the people in Broward on a phone
Well, the hell does he think he is, huh?
But they happen to be pretty nice people okay the packs and people in spite of all of the in spite of all of the warnings
In spite of the hysteria and the paranoia that some people try to generate around here
You know what I'm saying including those idiots at excess magazine. Oh, yeah, we don't like when you say
How do you like that? So don't say no more, okay?
That's my comment to you mister
Because they say you say whatever the hell you want we love you were ecstatic to have you
Unlike these
suckers at Cox Broadcasting
But that's your that's your just rolls off your tongue don't it?
Yeah, that's what that's what Roberto Alamar heard from John Hershbeck
He said you little
Sucker from Cox Broadcasting
And Roberto said hey mister you got me confused with somebody else. I don't work for Cox
And I got a great line for that but boy they like me too much
And they say don't you even think about getting your car and leave in town, okay? We'll let you use the private packs in jet
Speaking around of this world here's Jupiter. Hello. Yeah, sir. I wanted to range a hate. I'm back down here again
I listen to you. Yeah, what do you do with these papers? What do you mean you're back down here again?
What does that mean from New York? Yeah, you're from New York. But I'm a range a
No, that's good. I listen to the reason I'm corn. What's the story with the hockey coverage in the newspapers down here?
I mean I got a friend I got about a New York daily news and a New York Post and spend three dollars a day to find out what's going on
With heart. That's right. Yes, I do think I feel when I go up to Toronto on a weekend during the summertime
You get to Toronto's son and they got pages and and this is during the summertime when you're not even playing hockey
They got pages of hockey news. They got about 50 pages of sports section
That's a real town. You know what I'm saying? You come here and it's just a horse and buggy places
Make-believe it's their Zots
Yeah, yesterday was the wave of yesterday wasn't one mention in the paper who got claims who got taken?
Yes, it is in the Sun Senna. I got it right in my hand now
Maybe okay. Huh? Maybe it's not in the herald. Well, it's not in the Palm Beach Post
Oh the Palm Beach. Well, that's a Cox paper. What do you want? Oh, is that what the president?
Craig Billington got taken by Colorado and then he got by the avalanche
Is the Mimoso get taken both the ranges? No, he did not. He did not. In fact, he played last night
Diddy? Well, let me ask you and by the way, don't get too well. Don't get too deep press because the Rangers be Pittsburgh
Seven of one last night and Pittsburgh didn't play anybody
Mario didn't play
Yager didn't play
Ned vet is still holding out with Smolensky so they didn't play
Forron Francis didn't play they played all the minor leagueers last night and so was no game
And the Rangers played everybody but Gritzky did you get your schedule yet from the
You know little bitch taking in stitch from the half of the hockey. No, not yet
Me I mean, we're not a thing is why don't they tell the rise the pre-precision games they were on
On the
Smallfish sure no, they were I didn't get them. Do you have KBL?
No, no Kate with KBL from Pittsburgh 315
Yeah, wasn't on last night sure was I watched the game last night
Mike Lang KBL for women that you do you take that up do you have MSG? Yeah, but I didn't take that other package
You have to take that package of the of the sports networks, right? You have to carry it take that to get it. Yeah
I see so in other words you have the hockey package right now
They're not that won't be till a Saturday till a break up till the regular season starts this weekend
Subscribe to that $10 a month that would all the mother channels you'll get all the preseason games
Sure all the ones that they televised the Bruins televised lot of monnessin the Rangers had a couple of penguins head one last night
But you know, but you know something you don't want to see exhibition hockey games. They suck
This is horrible. Yeah, that's true. That's true. They had lunch especially on MSG
They had a lot of good stuff in between periods the penguins between periods last night were busy
Peddling they had a ticket on they were selling those season tickets in between periods
So they didn't tell you much anything, but the Rangers did a good job. I'll tell you I got the guys name
I just called up the Palm Beach post for the sports editor. I'm gonna call him up and Tom all worked for nothing down here
Shuo man asked man. I will all right. No, you take care. Okay. Welcome back. All right. Okay. We have an open line at day
7-5-1. I saw I would imagine some of our hockey fans are coming back now
It's getting close to the fall October November December and then they'll be here to April and they'll get the hell out of here
Man they'll get out of here like a like stuff through a mitten
Here's Miami on a purple line. Hello
Hey, Neil. Yes sir. I almost flew my brains out with that lady calling about Italy. Oh, she was coma inducing
coma inducing
Should I wear a coat with a lining?
Geez. How about wearing one with a silver lining? Let me tell you talking about ponder is a little rick and said spy report
Yesterday, just week week. I mean I don't like I like I like
But I wet my pants. Yeah, you should have heard these two 13 year old girls called
Or now the 13th and we're 14 little while ago another 13th ever old
They were and Rick sounded like a teenage boy. He didn't apologize
Never do it again
He didn't want to get off the line. Yeah, like trying to flirt with him, but not because he's too old
I don't know, but really it was the most embarrassing radio I've heard
Radio yeah, it was it was embarrassing. I was telling me was great Adam said it was sensational
Oh the 14 year old thing. Yeah, he you got to be kidding me
He said that Adam said he was getting twitches in his rectum while they were on the phone
He said he was just losing it maybe for him because he was there
But for the listening audience
Well, I'll be sure and pack that along and have a great day
Okay, the purple line is open pound iod. We have an open line in day 75194 if we can just survive another three days
In this building
Because from what I'm hearing about that new studio
It is so spectacular that even if nobody ever calls it won't make any difference because we'll have so many buttons to push and so much crappy
We were well, we'll make any difference
Then you guys will be real you'll be real sorry man
They let me down when I need to you badly after 20 years of bleeding my kishkis out for you bastards out there
20 years of showing up here every day except my 30 or 40 weeks of vacation every year
And what are you getting returned you get spurned you get rejected you get a big come on yesterday all brother
You would have thought that I was the greatest thing since hall of I yesterday
Man, they made a comeback here and oh with the women and oh you we love rod and run and we stayed to or listen to you and we love every
exactly
And then I come in here today, and it's like well, we don't we you know I've ever roll about
422 different possibilities that we can chew and spit out and whatever here
And it's the same routine. I don't think anybody listens to this show because they want to hear a conversation
They want to hear me plead and beg that's what they want. There are a bunch of sadists out there
We enjoy hearing him suffer suffer like a miserable like a like somebody in a concentration camp
And then once in a while somebody that's got a little bit of a little bit of sympathy a little bit of empathy
brings it a plate full of food. Thank you, Rhonda and Pete and Jim
It would be a cold day in hell when the Cox people would have brought us food
I've been spending the last eight years feeding those people. How do you like that?
The only thing the Cox people ever fed us was a line of bull
Exactly
Here's Orlando. Hello
Orlando allegedly
Yes, sir nice to talk to you. Well, it's exactly. I want to ask you one thing and tell you thank you for turning me on the
Donatello's a couple years ago. What a great place. It really is. I sure hope it's still open
You go to the bar of mollios and run over to Donatello's
But let me ask you something. Where did that hairy carry a bit come from FU Neil
What's you
What's all this that I don't know you played all the time. I've never known never heard of it. Hey Neil
Thank you. Yeah, what's that from it's a guy in Chicago
Who does a great hairy carry voice and he dropped all he dropped all this stuff in here
Hey enough with the pamper's already when the hell was the baseball season begin anyway
The Marlins with
Other beard that's outstanding. Yeah, it's out. He does hairy better than hairy does
Let me hear you guys complain about the radio down there. You ought to be up here in Orlando. No, I should not
It's unbelievable. Yeah, but Orlando is like, you know a nickel and dime place other than Disney
Hill Billyville meant yeah, and I'm moving back and November moving the whole business back
And I can't wait to hear you guys and run and run as you only save your up here to be eyes right here really
Uh
You know you've been through stern you get so old after about 20 minutes when he gets done talking about himself. Yeah
You'll get used to running run at least I don't I have listen
I have no problem with Ron and Ron and believe me this audience knows me well enough
If I had a problem they would hear about it just like when Alex Bennett was here like when Dickey Farcle was here
I'm not the kind of person that sits and holds back if somebody creates a problem
I don't have any problem with Ron and Ron. I hope they do a 30 share and and Neil you and Ben he would
Probably become good friends because you both like the same things and somebody just hit a tremendous home or home run for the orals
It's oh not Brady Anderson again. I have a kid Brady Anderson who had 50 during the regular season
Well, I was sudden got that rabbit ball just hit a home run for the orals. How do you like that? I say oh
And it was nice talking to you. Oh, I have a great day. Okay, Brady Anderson God
Go Orioles baby. Go birds. Why am I so excited about because I don't know Albert Bell in the Indians
There's just something about that Albert Bell, you know
Just something about that dick
Hey, listen you said it
In fact, Pete and Jim and the runner they said you can say whatever the hell you want
And I said well does that include maybe if I said and they said well not that and I said how about
No, not that and what about well, we'll think about that one
And I said how about you and they said okay
They're friendly accommodating people which we are not used to when they came out of their way
They came all the way over here to this mausoleum of a building which at the moment is like a like a death nell
This building and so in just wait till we get out of here a three more trips three more trips three more trips
That's right three more trips to this toilet to this red infested place
Right next door to channel seven where they're all floating around like a bunch of bumblebees in a heat
Oh God, are they gonna miss us here? This place will be so dead next Monday, man
They could actually turn into a division of let's go funeral home
Man it is Nick isn't it isn't it an omen that they have that tombstone sitting out in front of the building, huh
What we buried W.S. News and they put the tombstone right on the front lawn isn't that an old man, huh
If you ask me it's a
They said oh you can say that okay, well
Now what is this carry North Carolina what kind of a place is that Neil guy? Yes, sir. How you doing? Oh, I'm carrying it
No here. What are you doing up there and where the hell is that?
It's about five miles from Raleigh. Oh, that's not bad. Yeah, I used to live in Kendall
I call you once in a while told you I was getting the hell out of Miami and
And I did three months ago and how is it and it's beautiful really yeah, it's
It's a different world
You know, it's a lot less stress. Yeah stress you hit it right on head man. This place is stressed me out these people are killing me
You're right
Honestly, I have not been cut off once since I've been here. I've been here three months. Yeah, and I was cut off once
George says he's never been cut off yet either, but he didn't drive that much
There's nothing I miss about Miami is the skyline. They get a nice guy over burger. Alarmars. I first base
I think you just got a hint you know the in the ocean there, but the other than that Miami's a dump
Yeah, it is
It's a bush league place too, man. I was just in place. It's got Hank Goldberg
I was just there this past weekend unfortunately for a funeral. Yeah, cousin of mine died a massive heart attack at age 38. Was he fat?
He was not fat. He didn't have an out of fat on him
He was in great shape one of those roller hockey players. Yeah
And he played in a little league of Miami Springs and he they took a little break and then they stood back up
And he just collapsed right there died. Gee right on a spot dead. Yes
and uh
I'm sorry to hear that there in the 30s man
You know, once you get old man you get up there in the 30s
If you get all like me 53 then you'd realize you're living on borrowed time, you know
You used to be 40s now it's 30s right, but uh, hey, we miss you nil. Uh, there's no nothing like you down up here
Uh, not at all. Well, you just wait one of these days when he least expected
Uh, I'm just gonna pack up and go right to Raleigh. I'd be big up there man. I tell you what's up. You know, you couldn't find me. Yeah
Uh, people if they want to come up here, it is nice, but it's not it's not really that barren unless they want to go out way out into the country
With people with no teeth and stuff right. Oh, I like that. You know, I mean, but around this area
You know, we're all in what have you it's pretty busy. It really is coming up the Kahula, was he river to visit you guys
Hey, Niel. Yeah, before I before I go can I listen to the rest of the show?
Sure hang on hang on can I can I make a request? Yeah
Uh Uranus. I beg your pardon
Uh hang on pal. Thank you. There's a guy in North Carolina that wants my recommend. I feel like that
That's not in here either is it yes, it is it is not been huh under Ben
No, that's not what he wants. What are you? Oh, he wants. Oh, I didn't know who's he wanted he wants bendovers Uranus
Well, why do you say so if your car's life is over
Go see bend over
You'll realize what you had was pain is when you hop in and ride your
Oh, yeah, you've enjoyed driving Mercury you loved your Saturn now come and dig Uranus love that new car smell
Nothing smells like Uranus the pendability no one has ever got stuck in Uranus
Take the punch. There'll be courageous bend over and ride your
Uranus and if you like a car that holds the road you couldn't wipe out Uranus if you tried
Uranus
Powerful yet great with gas need drunk space rest assured you can pack anything in Uranus
And if Uranus is rear-ended our well-lover kidded joints will soften the blow
Come to our showroom and pick out Uranus and leave that messy paperwork to us check out Uranus
Take the dive like Greg Lou gain has been over and ride Uranus
144 at W.I.O.D. I hope that Roberto Alamar Jr hits 450 in a playoffs
I hope the Orioles win the Sticking World Series just to piss off a lot of you people out there that are so self-righteous
Okay, because he spat in somebody's face just because the guy got all carried away and called him a little
sucker how do you like that
And Orioles already or had won nothing in the first inning and they got Bobby Bonilla up there as in Mahabona
And they got Alamar must have got a hit
He's on first ban let's see a stool first base or walked or something like that
He's a standing there. I think was he standing there? He's on there
Come on Bobby kiss one out of there just like the old days with a meds
Okay, just like the old days with the pirates when they boot you out of town come on Bobby
Anyway, it's 145 at W.I.O.D. All you people out there who just spoil sports there ain't nothing like baseball man pretty boring
An
He's got one more way
Davi
Spading
That means you're in orange, just do it.
It'll fit on your one.
It'll fit on your one.
It'll fit on your one.
It'll fit on your one.
It'll fit on your one.
It'll fit on your one.
It'll fit on your one.
It'll fit on your one.
It'll fit on your one.
It'll fit on your one.
It'll fit on your one.
It'll fit on your one.
It'll fit on your one.
It'll fit on your one.
It'll fit on your one.
It'll fit on your one.
It'll fit on your one.
It'll fit on your one.
It'll fit on your one.
It'll fit on your one.
It'll fit on your one.
It'll fit on your one.
It'll fit on your one.
It'll fit on your one.
It'll fit on your one.
He said, I want to tell you something you may have forgotten since the day of the day.
He said, I want to tell you something you may have forgotten since the day of the day.
He said, I want to tell you something you may have forgotten since the day of the day.
He said, I want to tell you something you may have forgotten since the day of the day.
He said, I want to tell you something you may have forgotten since the day of the day.
He said, I want to tell you something you may have forgotten since the day of the day.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
Nobody has got to play off game on.
Nobody has got to play off game on.
Nobody has got to play off game on.
Nobody has got to play off game on.
Nobody has got to play off game on.
Nobody has got to play off game on.
Nobody has got to play off game on.
Nobody has got to play off game on.
Nobody has got to play off game on.
Nobody has got to play off game on.
Nobody has got to play off game on.
Nobody has got to play off game on.
Nobody has got to play off game on.
Nobody has got to play off game on.
Nobody has got to play off game on.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
He said, I didn't forget.
Thank you.
