I'm Juan Mendilletta news talk and entertainment radio six ten W I O D now back to second rods
So I guess he got the message to that you don't like him
What are you talking about now you know you are right away the ocean provocateur?
No, thank you very much. I'm just trying to get you on the straight and narrow path
No, well, Juan. How do I feel about you? We're tight man? No, you're not we are yeah
I'm not talking about your sex well exactly
You don't know you know
My what you think that he's boring. I do not yes you do I
Okay, I watch
Juan
I can do this without moving my lips go ahead. What do I think of them? No, I'm telling okay lies some I don't start it again
You see you have this fetish with Chuck Meyer and no man
And he's like the role model for the news person that you think is gonna put you over the top
We do a different show anybody. No, I'm this is an extension. We're not finished. That was only the beginning
We're not finished. You know, I I would pay for a counselor
I don't need somebody to come in and tell me what I have fetishes
Yes, you do I don't know you don't I don't you have to get rid of the scapegoating
You have to you have to you must from one must get rid of the Chuck Meyer ghost you have to separate your Chuck is not coming back
All right, Dr. Neal sludge me Chuck that's right, Dr. Laura Neal right
On your knees. Yeah
I'm just telling you Chuck's not coming back. I think I've dealt with that when you get into the afternoon
I come Friday
Five and five twenty. Yeah, he will not be coming into James Bond
All right, let me see if I can help with this. Okay, okay, nobody will ever measure up to him
That great bombastic sense of humor the stentorian voice right that big fat stomach nobody's ever gonna quite measure up
a lot of measuring your mind right
Okay, I don't want to do the best that you can okay. I think how about a suds does the news and
Then we don't have to have like any any outside influences any rotating news people and then the bird can come in and cackle in the background
That would be good. I would love to know he would just keep saying everything's gonna be okay, right?
Let's go to a lady in Miami. Hello. Yes. Yes. How long do I have to wait?
Another 10 minutes and well, I'll tell you what we'll see we can put you up in the front of the line
Let me ask okay, hold on
Can we put her up in the front of the line sure go ahead? Okay, let's go to a lady in Miami. Hello. Yes
Hi, who's speaking? That's what we want to know is this Rick? Yes. Well, this is Pearl
I want to tell you Rick. I have been listening to your buddy there
Who doesn't as supposed to come on till 10 o'clock for the past? No, I hate to break the news to you pearl
You lovely lady, but I am supposed to come on whenever I wander in here. I don't know who you are
I'm me. I don't know who you are. Yeah, you don't know who I am, but I'm not supposed to come on till 10 o'clock
What is your name? What is my name?
Rasputin well Rasputin you better get back in the ink bottle. Yeah
I want to grab rhymes with stink
We can talk Rick was talking about which I can smell you right over the phone
Your friend to get back out of your unless you have invited him as a guest to humiliate you every single day
Yes, he has he called me at home and said I want you to come in everything really any
person I called so please tell in other words you're not going to recognize me right Pearl
It's like you can't hear the voice
Well, well, I don't know who you're calling a bitch, but I've got a good name for you to sir
Do you really? But you're not speaking to me though? I thought you weren't talking to me
So how can you call me a name when you're not speaking to me?
The same thing goes to you because you're not speaking to me your mama
Pearl
Pearl
Old bag okay, let's go to
Layton North Miami. Hello. Hello. Hi. Hello. Are you talking to me now? We are talking to you
I think we'll put you in the front of the line next yes. Thank you. Hi. I want to tell you maybe he's right
Neil that man that you have the truth peculiar like like a hill building like a hill building well. Yes. Steve. We're now
Is that who we're? Yeah. Yeah. I really by the way he died he died
Did you have it here Martha or Margaret was there? He's killing him off. Yeah one by two
He's terrible. Well, he doesn't want to play the uh he doesn't want to pay the fare all the way out to California
You're trying not to listen to what you say. I am list
Thanks. You're calling it that guy. I'd like to
Know what you want to hear. What are you saying Gilbert? Man? Yes, I am. That guy. She's not
What does she say? She's saying that that Jackess which I wish I knew what his name was
You said his name was Gilbert
No, well, I don't know who you're talking about. Gilbert's another asshole
That's what I'm talking about Gilbert. Okay. That's what I thought he does the voices. Does he?
Oh, I know what is through this I hear his voice you you okay? I turn it all off. Okay. He'll be on a lot more now
I don't want to hear your voice lady. Yeah, and not that I like Neil Rogers that mark. No, not at all. Hope. Oh, thank God
Oh, yeah, there you go. It's an active God
Hello. No, no, no, look to see we just get hit by a bolt. Wow. See that old bitch to a Monroe
I hope that they both just got the juice. She's gone. Yeah
I think that actually happened on her head. Yeah, you just kind of came through here. Wow
That was except whoa, hang on. He was struck by lightning or another active god
We're rebooting hole. Yeah, Russia. Shana and she just got she got it. Well, look at us. We don't need any names on the board
Adam don't worry. We got a full thing here. Let's go to date hello
Wait, date one hold on what? Oh, we got to wait for the thing to build up. Oh, yeah, yeah, we you know
Even that one out. It's yeah, that must have been a pretty cool one thing to walk on the tightrope
But we kind of like a net once in a while by the way, where is it at? Okay, the deep hide is on drugs
Dave hello, hello Rick. Hello, sir. How you doing? Sorry if you can hear this noise in the bank right?
I get guys working in the house
What are they doing? They're redoing the floors the wooden floors
Well, I hope it'll be nice when they're doesn't know it'll be nice here that they're saying yeah
Anyway, what I was calling about is this morning
I got I got an email from my daughter on American online. Yeah
And the email was forwarded to her, but it was about the lexas
Nexus database. Yeah, and it's called ptracks one of their databases that has personal information on millions of Americans right it is available to
Certain parties. Yeah, certain parties are completely legal and you can get your name removed. Yeah, they keep track of your
Then how do people know what to call you? What how would people know what to call you? Well, who the hell
Excuse me. I mean, you don't you don't want them to find it because it's usually for illegal purposes. Yeah
And if uh, and you think getting your name removed off of that is gonna stop people from calling you and bothering you
Well, it's not every mailing list in the world especially now
You're gonna be called by every floor sander. Did they do a good job? Can we come out and like try it again? Well, this
Yeah, maybe yeah
This database if I can get back to you to the topic for a second. Yeah
Is strictly to for the legal community and law enforcement or anybody who says they are that well
I have access to it to the ptracks. They yes sir
Well, they say the information they have on it includes social security and everything
Who you've dealt with your arrest record if you've ever declared any bankruptcies a all your business partners any ventures that you've ever tried everything
It's all in there. It's like to suit and
That's like what all the centers has a siren on it. Well if you call them or fax them you can get your name removed. Yeah
And if any of your viewers wanted I'll give them the eight hundred. Okay, tell our viewers go ahead
800 yeah, five four three okay, eight six two all right put on a mask
Okay, exactly see you started choking. Yeah, 943 at WIO D. Let's try Broward. Hello
Broward
We don't know where you're calling because all of our electricity just went out so it's Broward and Dave good morning, sir
Yes, sir that's you
Norm can't suggested that I call you guys and tell you about a new store in town. It's a hemp store. Oh
I love hamsters
No him oh
No, that's what I said. I love hamsters. Oh Adams one
Yeah, and what's it what's it called the hemp store? Hemp
Hemp
Okay, and what do they sell?
If we miss hemp okay good deal. What kind of hemp?
Gene's uh, yeah shirts, panty packs, right?
You know what I want I want a hemp hammock
Don't have those they don't they've got to have hemp hammocks, huh? They have to have hemp hammocks. Oh one of those hemp cars
So when it starts smoking I won't even tell you or tell me or tell me or nobody's that desperate okay
This is for what?
That sounds like you've been there 944 at W I O D okay, we have overlies now in day three of them
751 W I O D Broward 5249463. Let's try another Broward call hello
Hello, hello
Am I in the area? Yes, you are sir. I wanted to give you my opinion. This is your special time for your opinion
I've been listening to since you were
Big phone calls and mr. Bayon mr. Bayon yeah, right. That's when you back when we were a fetus
I thought those telephone calls were so good that you got me and that was a study listener I like to show a lot yeah
Uh things I
Like the most is when you make the phone calls. Yeah, you do things
Well, you see I like that too and like nobody's off in the morning. So we're gonna go after news and try that see if anybody's home
You just go out like it's going great and hear that probability information. Yes, sir
But that was so different so when you want location. Yeah, well now you know all those tolls we paid
We want them back. We're sitting at them out as soon as we get to the afternoon
We we're gonna go out there we want we want the payback
You know what they you've heard about the payback what that
Well, I can't say it on here, but it's coming
Well, the negative things about right about the show are I don't care for the payphone challenge
Okay, and also when Neil Rogers comes on it's such a different demeanor to you
That I think it takes away from your show and that's what my phone goes on
To shut the
Well, I know he's gonna stop you because I've only been here for 35 minutes
So it's not that you turn to right off usually about 930 would come on and then when you go on your whole different demeanor
So brick person I like that that's when I don't care. Yeah, she becomes much demeanor. Yeah
Okay, well, thanks for your okay, and I'll be talking to you 1005. Let's go to Hollywood. Hello. Oh, he'll be there. Oh, you couldn't
Hollywood hello, hello morning. Hey, I live down the street from
Rosa Lopez. Yeah. Oh today. Oh
Hey block the streets. I don't believe what they do for this woman
Payphone challenge. Yeah, you have somebody go up to stand around
I read ideas. Yeah, people she soliciting funds from yeah, you know
Hey, I'm tight with the statue for five bucks. I had a bunch of little play. There you go
I bet you that bug can probably rain jacket a bunch of little plastic Jesus is that we can
Pedal out there all by the way I was supposed to give you something from yesterday's meeting
Cool a fish. Oh, yeah, okay. See you later. Let's go to
Open park. Hello. Hey, I don't know if you've gotten a Randy Rhodes by report yet. No, no
You had a friend of yours an old friend of yours call her up and give her a whole play-by-play on what went down yesterday
Yeah, your old pal Clem. Oh really? Yeah, he read the redneck Yenta. Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah
And he just went crazy and Randy
Neil Randy's pissed at you too bad
Rowan
Rowan she says you knew all about her getting married and didn't call no
I know I did not know anything about her getting married in it in addition in addition to which she and Jim have been living together for how many years
So was it like a big deal that she got married or like some major announcement in addition to which if I did know about it
I wouldn't have called her anyway
I can't my arm is long enough to hold a phone that far away from my ear anymore
She's still waiting for the wedding present
Yeah, tell it okay quarter breath. We'll get an engineer in here fix the equipment. We'll be okay
947
That mean that whole thing that Randy Jim thing. Oh, brother
Talk about a death wish. I have no idea what that whole thing is all about
And I don't think they do
In regards to in regards to anything. I just I just don't know what that is
I don't understand it relationship. How can you understand any very bizarre? Yeah, right
Yeah, most are
Okay
It's 947 at WI center
away
When you talk live on 610 WIOD you'll be recorded and we'll play the tape back whenever we feel like it
951 9 and front of 10 o'clock if you'd like to get in on the remaining minutes of the show
Deadlines robin 751 WIOD
Broward 524
Hey, hey, did when that kneel comes on with that filthy mouth of his
Don't you old far its understand we know you're gonna be there and you're still gonna be there at 1005 and at 1105 until you croak
You'll be out there, but why do you lie? It's probably probably most most most no seriously like Pearl
She's probably close to a meeting her maker if she believes in any of that crap. Why doesn't she stop lying?
I mean she's like guaranteeing herself a line in purgatory
She
May have just bit the
Take a number Pearl along with Mark and then the other one that made me in the supermarket take a number sweet heart
Met you in a super mark. She started to say that in the lightning struck Lucristo came down. I
Love that song. Yeah. Oh, I don't know why per say together together
Let's go to I know
That's well, that's a stretch man. It's a great song. It's one of my all-time favorite song
Absolutely you can I never heard that song was on wk and rnd troid
I was driving with my chief engineer from Kalamazoo to Detroit. Yeah, and Jim Jeffries who did the overnight show and Detroit was playing lightning strikes by
Lucristo on Kener 13th
It's a great song. It was probably one of the great rock stations in history of the industry
In Detroit in Southfield no, not in wherever it was deer born
You know do you remember when we were sitting in the office at WKXY in Sarasota and we used to go to like those little music meetings
And he would play little samples for us and he put on the night the lights went out in Georgia
And I hated that song. I said forget it. It'll never happen and we walked out for some reason I started whistling. He said
It's on as soon as I started whistling it it was like on it was an instant hit
I hated it for some reason and I don't know what brought that up. What does that have to do with me?
I don't know. It's just like trickled my it trickled my my
Electrifying story. I had about Kener 13 in Detroit and you're talking about the LK and in Sarasota
Jeb was speaking of things that died that stink in
You know in Sarasota we were on City Island right there on the bay. Yeah, and
A mouse or a rat got in the transmitter one time and got fried. Yeah, and boy for like weeks and months
You talk about a stench fried rat allarange man. It was the skull you remember at Y&D in fact buddy bud owned it then
I think you were working there for a while two weeks. Yeah, we got paid either but there were two cheap
The transmitter on a on a chassis. They just had the components laying on the floor. Yeah, well that wasn't a snake crawled in there one afternoon
I told you there were a snake sitting outside
But I think the work one more now a big day that was yesterday
No, I'm not talking about in Bob Green's office. I talk about the rest of the afternoon. Oh, we're supposed to call Bob Doherb
So I'll tell you okay. Yeah, very amusing. Did you
Do you have a grease thing a grease container a grease trap a jar like we were talking about? Oh
grease thing yeah now you don't for what what do you do with grease when you fry something on the stove? What do you do with the grease?
Uh, I don't fry anything on a stove never
Once in a blue moon and what I do is I take liquid detergent and put it in there like dissolve it and put it down the thing the sink
Yeah, I'm the disposal like anybody else does not anybody else
I knew back in the days when I was cooking stuff like that
I just have a jar with grease in it right that's what brought that up. What do I do with the jar if you ever smell that?
I don't put it in the refrigerator. No, no
You seal it up and you put it under the sink exactly as far as is
But when you go to use it after it's like half full that's the rink you know a red nice door that don't you?
What do they do? Well put it on string beans no bacon grease sometimes they put it on something that might look like a stain. Oh, I see
Oh really? It's cheaper than lard. Let's go to and lachyper and Vaseline Miami Beach. Hello
Back at you can hardly a pay phone. Yeah, though worst
Can't yeah
That's okay. Yeah, just wanted to say regarding who doesn't news. Yeah, I
For the Rick and such show I
I say why not Jackie Quinn. I think she does a good job
I think the show you had a
Earlier in the week where she got mom by her dog
She got mom by her job as long as she's getting involved by an animal
But you don't understand Rick hates Jackie Quinn really? Yeah. What's wrong with her? I don't hate Jackie Quinn. Yes
You do okay. I just Pfizer. Uh-huh. Well, how did he feel about Chuck Meyer? He loves Chuck Meyer
He's got a blow up doll at home. It's got one of those little O-shaped mouths
It's not possible that they could just like have like a sort of bluff easily. Well, you know like me
Yeah, like maybe she could wear a Chuck Meyer mask. That would be good like a bag
Okay, he said something about having the news called in remote from Holland and
Something about a finger in the dice
Thanks, pal. All right. Let's go to Miami. Hello
If you can if you can imagine John Candy's arteries you should see the sewers in high a Leah
Because they use so much cooking oil and it goes right down the drain
Yeah, and literally there's a problem because it solidifies in the sewers. I hadn't thought about that it hardens
Yeah, that's one of the reasons why you don't pour oil down the drain because you end up with like
Something between Plato and you know you may have the analogy of the day too because John candy's been dead so long
It was a nice reach. Yeah, isn't it? Yes
Well, I mean it's probably I mean next would be like Sebastian Cabot
That's the really big three-dimensional oil and the in the jacquery on you know, yeah
Okay, well, thanks for pointing that out. Let's go to
Yeah, mobile
Hello
Hey, hello sir. Hello. That's Friday everybody a little slow on the draw today speak. Yeah, I guess we are
Custom weight and I guess but I'm not complaining
You'd never do the 13th and back at us and happy rush your shot at two pal. Yeah, you do
Okay
That smell but yeah
I'm sorry for you. I don't know if it ranks up with the rest of years, but
Well, right. They're going down. Yeah, I had to go out of town for about a week and
Either the night before I left or the day I left sometime
Lightning hit my freezer and the freezer is in the garage. Yeah, boy
About three days later. I got a call from my daughter who was coming in to feed animal
She says I don't know if smells like one of the animals died, but they're all still eating and none of them really smell bad
Yeah, but it ain't seen mom lately. Yeah, she was with me. Oh
So I'm like home I couldn't figure out what was smelling so bad, but boy. It was really really bad
So you went your meat went bad on you huh? Well, I bet
Connick
Your what oh
Oh, it was pretty bad. Yeah, freezer full of fish after a while
Yeah, it's like when you walk into a supermarket and where maybe they've had a power out or something or the seafood laying around too long
Everybody has smelled that. Oh brother. I don't know if they smelled it after a week. Oh
God pretty dog on bad anyway, listen guys. You were talking about paying a dollar for a caller. Yes, sir
I got paid two dollars yesterday
And given a diary
We can't all too, but I just want you to love you. Yeah, we'll be on the washing car
Well, I'm just a good news on Friday the 13th is that I am talking to you so I must be listening
There you go pal. Okay. Hallmark cards great things are coming your way
Yeah, and don't go near that radio dial. Yeah, and just remember you know like when a week rolls rounder's deadlines
Yes, there is okay yesterday until next week and I guess it's just a it's a good thing that
The diary is getting spelled out absolutely. You know if you were on a ballot. I'd be voting for you
Once run and run come on. It's all over with I don't know
If I wanted to listen to them, I'd be listening to them instead of listening to you guys a couple years ago
You know there you go. All right pal have a good one
Okay, I just want to make sure he is nice and fresh and well done
9.58 him to some two in front of 10. Oh look at that dude
Bitch, I think she's dead. All right, you know, it's and it's about smells. Oh
Margot Eston, what are those who?
Where is the janker come back? It's like soap opera. I kind of wonder she slammed into the side of a bridge
So what's wrong with the new Roger Thorpe? Why is everybody all freaked out? He's finally acting like a nice guy
We have to say audio we're a ghost
Hello, I'm the general manager of his radio station and today is russia jana the jewish new year
In an effort to celebrate religious diversity and promote goodwill toward other faiths
We've brought in a member of the jewish community to offer our jewish listeners a greeting for the new year
Hey, hey happy new year
Hey, hey, it's it go home. Okay
Say her back your favorite jewish rock and roll nostalgia band
It's russia shenanah with their greatest hits album sock hop at the synagogue
My whereby's back is gonna soon to spend the baby
Yes russia shenanah is reformed to bring you 12 kosher cuts of hop and Hebrew hijinks
That's good
Isn't good for you
This album should be in every orthodox rockers collection rolling stone gives it five stars of David
That's it
Who wrote the book of jose
sock hop at the synagogue
new from russia shenanah
Available in all record stores. We'll talk twice when you get here. Don't pass over this album
Oh
Okay 108 at ww. I would be happy friday happy new year happy rosa Lopez day on friday the 13th which is officially
sinister
It's an oldman
Speaking of old people by the way. Thanks so much to all the old farts that called us morning the three or four of them anyway
We can't stand when you come on that show. Why don't you come on at 10 o'clock then we'll listen to you
Yeah, cuz you're listening right now are you fooling somebody?
Are you yanking our chain you think that for one second?
I believe that any of those people are not listening right now like hanging right under the age of their colostomy bag and squeezing it real tight
As their teeth are fizzing louder than ever when I'd glass in the back of the room. Who are you kidding man?
So how about that hockey game last night?
I'll three to two and then of course a couple empty netters at the end which made it five to two
But the final score didn't reflect the intensity the history of the game Curtis Joseph and my gricketer incredible in goal
All kinds of scoring chances all kinds of goalpost being hit there which helped ricketer out by the way
And this is the way it should be
You know if the thing would end at last night
I mean it's anti-climactic two quick games in your out you have to have the best of three
And so now it sets it up for tomorrow night at eight in Montreal game of three in the world cup
And uh, you know, I wasn't really a root and hard for Canada last night even in spite of that one twerp
That called the other day especially when I found out he don't know hockey from his ass
He wouldn't know Merritt Steerheim from Merritt Doki that guy
Is that great that we have like some new blood in there that sees your odious has a step to side that we have Merritt Steerheim back to kick around again
Another old crony another old flunky. Why do we bring back Steve Clark?
That's what I say. Let's make him the ahead honcho with this town
Then there's a thing in a herald here
No vote for the new data arena would delight broward and might cost the county three million dollars might cost the money
If the public if the public rejects the plan like there's some doubt here
But the best article of all about this and by the way Dave Hyde you're on heavy drugs man
I don't know what's wrong with you
What's happened to you that thing about Mickey Harrison which I'll get to eventually
Oh my god
Dave Hyde I think is the anti-Christ
Ritter steps away from the fray
Tony Ritter chairman of nightritter and a key architect of the arena financing plan and date said Thursday
He will no longer take an active role in the arena debate nightritter owns the herald no no no doubt
I'm planning on fading into the background. He said in an interview
He said the change in role was triggered by the successive Dan Paul's petition drive now that it's a political campaign
I really can't be active he said
Ritter said it would be inappropriate for nightritter to participate in the election campaign
I do have a strong interest in the arena
He said but I'm not going to have any kind of leadership role
Right like there wasn't a conflict of interest in the first place like there always was with a herald where they use their new
News pages to propaganda and try to put crap over on the public like the metro rail
Anybody remember the way they sold us to metro rail and it seems to me that mirror it's still high
I'm with the county manager back then in date county wasn't he?
Oh my god, but now it's the a great elder statesman mirrored steerheim is coming back to save the city of Miami right
What what is uh what kind of letters are those on there? What is that all about?
Is that a new deal that we're liking in this leftovers in lowercase? Hello
Purple line
Hello speak to me
Neil yes, sir. This is iron. How you doing?
Oh
Oh god, oh god. I just wanted to let you know that uh
She the other
Where is Pearl when we need her?
The other day when you were talking on the radio
About the moon of the Canada Cup. Yes, and the caller who didn't know anything and he said it was off sides
And you vehemently
It was offside it was offside, but let me let me also say this today
It wasn't three or four steps offside
No, it was a half a stride it was it was a I'd say about six inches very close because if you look
You have to look at the puck and most of these people don't really understand the rules
They're just looking at the bodies and brindamore
Did appear to be well ahead, but the puck was on the line
Iserman had to puck on the blue line and brindamore tried desperately to get escape back on the line
But was about five six seven inches over the line it was offside, but they blew it they must have
ESPN did a pretty good job on the showcasing and they showed it last time
On cbc2 they showed it
Neil, let me ask you a question you were
You know, I remember back when the strike was ending and and I had said to you
United pay pretty much anything to go to the pro hockey games and of course last year was unbelievable
With the finals how expensive
You know you you we hear about these outlandish prices that we have at the fleet center
Yeah, you know, and I know that for me personally
$48 that ticket that buy two seasons tickets is 96 bucks a game
It's 41 hundred bucks plus parking we have even started to buy a soda or anything down there right
Yeah, I mean you think they'll be 75 bucks a ticket for those seats where not here
No, when we get to the new arena
No
No, because they're good. I don't think it's gonna be all that much more because they're gonna have all the revenue from the sky boxes
I'm not saying I'm not going to say that they're ever gonna lower the price because I'll never believe that right
But I don't think they'll have to jack them way up because they'll have all the revenue from the sky boxes and the advertising and all the other stuff
In addition to which they might have a Mickey Erison to kick around because it looks like he's gonna be coming on his hands and ease and suck and win to be a tenet up in there
Do you think though that there's really enough
corporate sponsorship to sell those things when they're having enough problems with the dolphins and there and that's stuff about the club seats and the and the
License rights for the extra money to buy club seat
Yeah, but you've got to understand the reason that they raised the price on the boxes and the club seats and all of that stuff
It pro player whatever the hell it is this week was because the
Because of the tax situation
That's why all those prices went way up. You know the other day
Something because I'm in the car all the time. I do listen to the Hummer quite frequently. Yeah, I see here we go again
Yeah, well, you know, I'm not gonna walk. No, I'm not not knocking but I'm just showing you how how interesting it is that one day
It seems like everybody in their brother listens to the Humper in the afternoon and the next day when they find out Phil is leaving
He's the greatest thing since Halava. Well, all I know is that he has been two things number one
He's been saying all along about Tony Reader and the puppet and then Mickey Erison
I mean he if anybody blasts those guys it's him and I don't
Well, you treat you do. I'm not I treated you just let him have it five seconds before I don't
Well, I'm a phone, but he really let's I mean he is relentless. He's ruthless to them. Yeah, and the other thing is somebody called him up about a
Montertuego and said to him what was his big problem with
Jeff Rimmer and you and he said he said the big problem that he had with Jeff Rimmer was
That he said he reported to you about that he was leaving to a m going to
First of all Jeff Rimmer never told me that that was a listener that told me that
Jeff Rimmer never said anything about Hank going to Q a m to a F a n
That was a listener that started that rumor and had nothing to do with rumor
But it's just an excuse because Hank is jealous and jealous and obsessed with me
So therefore instead of taking shots at me he does it through rumor as if I really care right? Okay, I'm
I'm back to you. Thank you 1015 at W I O D
The opinions expressed by the host gastricolars on W I O D are not necessarily those of the station or sponsors
All W I O D programs are copyright 1996 by W I O D incorporated
No tape recordings or transcripts may be created or distributed without prior written consent of W I O D
Incorporated
Okay, 1018 at W I O D was just getting some great news through the grapevine
So anyway, I just want to express my personal opinion. I think Jennifer Rem is a class act all the way
I love Jennifer. She and I have worked together for years
They I have no problems with Jennifer. She's entitled her opinion and the fact that Rick Riley got psychotic yesterday
Because she expressed an opinion he didn't like
Tough crap is basically the way I look at it. That's number one number two
I'm delighted over the fact that we had an opportunity yesterday for Phil Henry to come on a year and do publicly
What he's been doing off the earth for four months now and that is try to convince me to get out of here
No seriously don't you find that I don't know what to use the word disingenuous
sinister subversive
I don't know what term to use
Because I don't know what motivation there could possibly be there because I don't you see there some people you work within the business like years ago
Like I worked with Bill Calder was a good friend of mine. We go to the track. He and his wife were good friends of mine
A Craig Worthing was a good friend of mine when I worked at KT
but
Very rarely do I become close with people that I work with just as George Hilton
That's the understatement of the century. I'm a hardass. Okay, but
In this particular case, I've never even gone out and had a beer or a hamburger with Phil Henry
He's been here two and a half years and there's just never I mean he's here in the afternoon
I leave here at two and there's just never even been the occasion that we've ever even sat down and
talked out of this building once
So why the tremendous interest in my career and where I'm going and what I'm going to be doing I'm not going anywhere
I'm satisfied with making the income that I'm making which starts with a very significant number
and
And
You know, I'm like I said before I don't plan on doing this the rest of my life
I don't want to be the Bob Barker of talk radio. I don't want to be like long John Neville and croak on the air
I don't understand those people. I mean to each its own there are those guys who say oh, if you know once they quit
They croak, you know, that's the that's why George Burns was on stage until the day that he croaked and that's fine
There are some people like that who have evidently that's all there is in life
Maybe after Gracie died that's all George had left to do was puff on cigars instead and hobble around on stage
Maybe that was it whatever. I don't know
But I somehow could probably scrape by I could somehow manage without the delight of coming in here and begging people to talk to me every day
And I would just you know if I could eat out a life that would be it
I would just go away and vanish and disappear and like Andy Williams
That's one thing I do like about Andy Williams and I'm sorry the guy played the godfather yesterday
Because I apologize profusely because Andy can't sing his way out of a paper sack
But at least Andy Williams there's a guy who made a lot of my air outside another one Mike Douglas
Anybody he was on with what's her name the other day? Who's the uh
Who's that new talk show bitch what the hell is her name? She's really she's good what color white
Not Rosio Donald or maybe it was Rosio Donald. Oh, like I said, I take that back. She's not good
Man, no, it was Rosio Donald Mike Douglas because that's right because they were ripping the osmins again
He took the shots for moments
But why not the guy made millions of dollars. What does he need to be uh,
Potschkin around now trying to be an entertainer
So I'm not interested at this stage of my life at this age and after 20 years of
Frustration in this town of like starting all over again of starting. Oh, I'm gonna be syndicated
Great, that's wonderful sure
I'd like to be on nationwide and talking to people and have eight million phone lines and have a thousand phone calls at all times and be making two three million a year
great
Maybe I'm lazy maybe I'm not highly motivated. Maybe I'm just a content even though I come in here and grumble on the year
That's part of the stick. Okay, maybe I'm content with uh, you know, schlepping along with that check that I carry in a suitcase to the bank every Thursday
Maybe it's uh enough for me
But I just I find it just bizarre that this man on an almost daily basis
Uh, you've got to call this agent and I got to get out of here and I'm gonna do this in windows in my contract and windows in the building
I know I don't understand it. I don't know where this man is coming from
Is he really my keeper? Is he looking out for my best interests?
Do I believe that?
Do you believe that do you think that that's what this is all about?
Do you think or do you think that because somebody is leaving
They would enjoy seeing what they left behind to disintegrate and as much respect as I have for Phil Henry
Is that one of the great talents in this industry not just now but ever and I've said that for for since he came in this building
Since he started doing afternoons and we really got the hang of what he's doing. He's a phenomenal tally's a funny guy
But guess what before Phil came here we were doing great
Do you know what I'm saying in other words somehow we survived here before he came this isn't a shot
This is just a statement of fact since we're laying this all out on the table
And I have a feeling that somehow maybe after he leaves even though there's going to be a gigantic void there
We probably will have a chance to succeed again
Especially with the more aggressive ownership that's going to do some marketing and hopefully do some things we might just make it
But I just find it very very peculiar and very unusual that on an almost daily basis
You got to get out of here and it's uh a gratton. I'm not going anywhere. Maybe just out of spite. I'm going to stay now
Because I don't understand that whole deal. I don't get it
It's like when I was walking across the street with Bob Neil the day that the announcement was made of the sale of the radio station
And he said to me he said to me that
Paxton bought WIOD primarily for Neil Rogers in the dolphins those were his words
And he said well, you know if it doesn't work out
There's always a Howard's network and there's always this and there's always and I thought boy
We aren't even across the street yet and already they're like planting the seeds of wow
You know you can always bail out
Think about it or not
1024 wiod dolphins play
And then we like to talk about it every Monday night from six to eight p.m
And sometimes I choose these joy sports talk six ten dolphin edition as deep hole in the mad dog broadcast live from David busters and Hollywood
You can be a part of the action when great prizes like the Miller light NFL player of the year till gate cooler kid a
Free suit from Austin work a digital satellite system and you can catch special appearances by dolphin players
As since these guys planned the NFL you gotta get a whole new that's from our back and shanning limo service
It all happens at one of the most amazing places in south florida david busters right off by 95 in sterling road
There's 50,000 square feet of food and fun including D&B's million dollar midway
Sports talk six ten dolphin edition live from david busters for Miller light gmc truck dealers
Austin birth were really great fit cost less and news talk and energy mid radio six ten
W.I.O.D
News talk and entertainment radio
six ten w i.O.D. You're being very difficult with me this morning. Yes, I am okay 1028 at wiod
So what are you saying George you saying that out of a read with him? Oh, Adam agree
But it's because Adam has become a little suck whole little underling and that's just the way it goes
You know, I can't worry about that
I think that once this thing gets over the guy that called this morning on rickshaw even though he was full of crap in one part
Oh, he said oh, well, yeah that thing would Jennifer that was bad radio. It was great radio
It was some of the best radio we've ever had on this radio station. Yes today. I'm gonna say it again
Everyone in this building the it's like a clock that just stops
We know when the little hand hits the big head and everything freezes in motion
And that's how this building was there was no work going on even in the few departments where they're occasionally a sum
There was nothing going on in this building everybody was gathered round
They had the monitors on in every orifice in every toilet in every
Nook and cranny it was all over the building
And why was that because there was stuff going on it wasn't it wasn't contrived see mr
Ego and a people on the light bulb for years they've been doing that real boring contrived controversy where they try to whip up all this a contrived hate see this was real hate
This was written oh seriously. This was real
Disagreement real honest stuff being laid out and that's one thing that I've always thrived on is like putting stuff on the air that nobody
Else ever puts on the air the audience doesn't want to hear a bunch of contrived crap
With the same mr. Kane and mr. Ciderman
Nobody wants to hear that crap man. Oh man after the first
400 pounds of that crap it starts smelling pretty bad and the taste ain't too good either
But when you have people on who legitimately have some differences there and when you have people who are scapegoating and looking to
Lash out and leash out in every direction to blame others for their failures
It creates the opportunity for a real uh, whatever it was whatever you want for a real soap opera
And I think if if there's one thing that can keep us going these next 10 days and you do realize now
The number up there on the board. I told Adam were changing that number to instead of counting days
We're counting shows because it's a smaller number and it it's it creates like a foreseeable end to this
So we have 10 more shows after today
During which we will be owned by Cox enterprises after which the transition will finally
Finally at a long last take place. We're digging up Martin Luther King will come in on that day and say
Free at last, etc and so on and the old people say oh free will take some
That's right
So here we are just laying it right out there on the line. I'm gonna say it again. I think that uh, you know what we once the
Transition takes place
Ron and Ron as much as I you know what I think are Ron and Ron
I hope they bring all their people over here. I hope they do a 10 share in the morning
Just so there's a possibility that we can have some dribble over in the other day parts
And we might expand our humans instead of talking to the same people
This is one of the biggest problems of this radio station that the uh current owners don't understand
And don't want to understand because it requires an effort to change
You can't keep saying the same things to the same people over and over and over again
You have to develop new cum. It's less like these promos that we keep running
There isn't anybody who listens to this radio station that doesn't know we have sports talk that doesn't know
We do the traffic that doesn't know we have new
Exactly there isn't anybody who doesn't know these things already
So what we keep doing is recycling the same cumin telling the same people the same things until they can recite it by rote
You remember Kyle rote, Jr
So maritoki said
Here's my me b. Chilli
You suck ass, oh okay. Thanks so much. Good. We waited for like what half an hour for that
I'm glad you got a rich full life pal
Uh cut the crap Rick stop trying to do voices
We have an open line in date 751 W.I.O.D
We have an open line on the purple line pound i.o. D1 and brown word
Here's a lady in my me b. Chilli
Hello, new yes
new
Hello, new yes, I want to wish you from the depth. I don't celebrate happy new year. I don't celebrate it
You don't happy new year to you. Okay happy rochishana. Thank you. Goodbye
Open line and date. I'm not going to come on here pretend for the benefit of our Jewish friends out there that um
Who cares about this stuff?
Stop wasting your money. Okay, go out and throw the moths as a way or whatever it is. We're doing now
That's it paysock throw that stuff away
With this with these Jewish holiday. So it's not really 1996. It's 57
What what is it? What's the year?
Anybody have the thing here? What who knows what it is and who cares
You keep running around telling everybody. Oh, it's not 1996. It's 50 uh, it's 25 25
Here's how it's what Zager and Evan said forget about it already will you
With this religious with this kaka stuff with all this phony baloney stuff
And that you're pure crap, but we'll gotta fast because it's the day of atonement
We got to waitone for our sins. How about an animal sacrifice, huh? Let's go find that sickin
Let's cut out the puffy can see if God is pleased at that
I'm partial to goats personally in fact
I would think that after all these years of sacrificing those animals
I would think that a lot of these gods are getting the hardening of the arteries or hardening of something by now
So cut the crap already. Okay, Zagazoon have a wonderful life and the happy as Shivu and whatever
And happy rosalopas day
I think that it's really fantastic that the rosalopas thing and Friday the 13th and rushes shown are all falling basically at the same time this year
I think I see a lot of similarity
Here's a call from Tampa and we have no idea why because they can't hear us
Hello, yeah, like I said here's a candle hello
Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I love the references Zager and Evan's I haven't heard that name and and quite a long time
Yeah, listen about Andy Williams
Oh, please I'm so sorry. I mentioned that night. I know, but the thing is the guys got us up
They're all out in Branson, Missouri. They don't fade away now. They go out there and they get their own convention
All and they make a fortune from nine to five in Branson, Missouri
What's Andy Williams got to do with that is he he's entertaining out there
Yeah, he's got his own place. I couldn't believe it. It was on TV the other night. Yeah, and he looks like a hundred and ten
Uh-huh, you know
Well, thank God we don't have to see him anymore on TV. That's my point. Yeah, he's got his own thing out there
My goodness was on there yesterday. They had to bring on his body parts in a jar
All the people all the people that are at the you don't even hear about anymore
They've all got their own little saloons out there making a fortune
Well, let me ask you this question if you were Bob Barker and had probably 50 or a hundred million dollars floating around somewhere
Would you be on here every day doing that stupid show or coming in the bug once or twice a week to take
He looks ridiculous
What's the point when when do people like Dick Clark and Ed McMahon? I mean, it's got enough for beer money
One of these people ever have enough already. I don't know. It's really sad
They want to keep working until the day they stick their ass in the ground. I don't get it
I know they they said the thing about George Burns
But like but like you were saying that was his whole life. Yeah, business
He knew that great after great. I mean he and Gracie were like, uh, you know
So close and once he died that was all he had left
Yeah, I just read his autobiography one of the great love stories in history was George Burns and Gracie Alan
Yeah, and that's all he had if he didn't if he didn't have a stage he had nothing else
Yeah, the big cigar and the behavior the big one. Yeah, the big one not as big as Milton Burle
But he had a big one, you know, I'll tell you I've been listening to the station and
It's like listening to other people's grief from misery, but I'm telling you you guys
With all this stuff going on has been some of the best radio. I've heard I can't I can't get enough today
I'm gonna say I've been in the 20 years on here in this market yesterday was the greatest day of broadcasting in the history of Miami radio
I heard a bit of it
I called I called Phil and it made a made a reference to Ellis Rubin and he I didn't even I wasn't even sure
Him being in town only two and a half years that he would he would know yeah Ellis Rubin and
He got it right off the bat and and perceived to hang up on me quickly instead of what's funny
I wasn't even sure he was gonna get that yeah, but the guy you don't get you don't get a curveball by him
Yeah, that's for damn sure but one one thing a little slider one thing and so why do you think that Phil Henry is so anxious for me to leave
W.I. O.D. Get out of this market. Why do you think that is I have no idea?
I don't you think it's someone I don't you find it unusual? It's very unusual
I think that nobody wants to get caught from the team no matter what it is and I still think he I don't care if he's going to KFI or YFI or
The Jetsons Network. Yeah, he's going nobody likes to be cut from the team and I agree with you 100%
The only people powerful enough to do what has been done to him is the Miami Dolphins organization and the deal with Brian Cox
Yeah, who else could be behind it?
Well, I think that had a lot to do with it. I mean, I don't you know, I can't say it for sure, but I think that
I know you talk about
I know you took them on you took on Brian Cox and maybe they've for whatever reason the dolphin organization is put up with me for all these years
They they just the humor me and they just don't take me seriously and I've never pissed anybody in the organization off enough to the point where
They've said oh, well if Roger's is on air goodbye, you know, that kind of thing
I guess they figured that mr. Andrew there weren't go. I didn't get away with it
They just had two thin of a forskin. I think that was the problem. Yeah, have a great day pal
See ya two open lines in date 7519 463 751 W. I. Would. We have one in Broward 524 and two
Use talking entertainment radio
610 W. I. O. D
This is the Neil Roger show
This is your brain
Any questions
This I'm used to say to Robbie when dark and other calling it pro player part cause
To the loo
For a change
The new rules are you have to show up in your underwear
And no one ugly is allowed in there so you'll have lots of fun
Checking out those fun
Unbelievable
So I can get my pigs
Up with the game is over
tight just like my food and the loo
Back around over my bulking mouth
Now you can see a lot more at the game
Since everybody is undressed the same and you can look around to see what hanging down
This is paradise vow
I never realized how good it would feel being glad if my jockey's at the football field since derabi is gone
And now it's bb part
Yeah
Yeah
This is the kind of blonde man for start on this film
I'm gonna wrap it all along
You check it out
That was guys
I'm gonna lay down
I'm gonna lay down
Well, I'll ride
Horseback
I hated it the full-of-a-posted
And met the new team mascot underwear man
Looked for chicks and stared at the fun zone above
At their tunnels of love
I've never realized just how good it would feel being glad if my jockey's at the football field since derabi is gone
Oh
And now it's bb part
Hey Colin cb part
Let's hug it bb part
Yeah
Everybody gotta bring their own pp
Don't forget Sunday one o'clock against the jets
I'll be there
Poor first foot first off in game in two years
This is gonna be some happening. I'll tell you that
I sure hope rich. I hasn't been eaten too much at the trackly at least so I have at least a half a seat to sit in
1043 at w.i.o.d
Here's the lady in Pembroke pines hopefully under the age of a hundred hello
Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am
I wanted to talk to you about the acon sight for a minute
if I could
But I didn't want to bore you with that
Yeah
But I'm not having very much success
Yeah
And I don't know who to talk to
I mean is there anyone that I can
Do you have the book? Yeah, I have the book. I even have the cookbook
Yeah, and how long have you been on it? A month
Yeah, and how much have you lost? I lost 10 pounds in the first week
I gained five pounds back in the third week
And you were still on it? Yeah
Faithfully
You're drinking diet soda? Yep
More water so than than anything else
But I went to the woman over at Delight Perempepper pines
And she said she's an authorite seller of all his products
And I asked her what the problem was and she asked me if I was taking supplements and I told her no
She told me that was the problem
I uh, I don't agree nobody lost me. Nobody loses weight by taking supplements
The only reason you take supplements are so that you don't lose essential nutrients while you're cutting down on
Carbohydrates right and I don't supplements don't make you if just taking supplements made you lose weight
Then everybody would just be popping pills and losing weight
Exactly, and that's why I didn't believe in it
But I mean who else can I turn to to help me?
I know why don't you call it did you call the number in the book?
Oh, I you know what I didn't even know there was one in there
I don't remember what it is, but it's in there
I definitely will look for it because I just
And see what you need to do I don't I don't go along with anybody that just goes out and buys the book and does it on
Your own you've got to find a doctor that believes in it and that'll supervise it and it'll take the periodic blood test
And see how your cholesterol is doing in your triglycerides in the whole deal
And uh and answer your questions
You know, I'm never ever again, but gonna be putting a position of a playing doctor here on you
I just don't know I don't know the answers. I understand that I didn't I
And even if I were a doctor I couldn't I could I diagnosed you over the phone?
Do I know am I following you around watching what you're eating all day every day?
I don't know
I just didn't know if there was anyone that I could just slow if you would have just slowed down
I would understood it, but to gain five pounds back if you know, you know
And maybe maybe you're eating stuff that isn't legitimate that isn't really on the diet
Are you buying some of the uh because you mentioned a place are you buying cheesecakes and the other stuff?
Well, I didn't buy there actually I did buy them, but I didn't like them so I made my own yeah
But I you know, I checked all the carbohydrates and I watched you know what I was using in them
And I have to say that I have stayed under 20
Trying under 20 grams. Yeah trying to um, you know get things moving
But I had I took me one day to get into ketosis. Well, maybe you got a yeast problem
Yeah, but again, I can't really expect it could be a lot of things, but you got to you got to talk to a doctor
You have to find a doctor that don't go huh? I are there actual doctors that follow this diet
I mean I hear about all this fend fend and redux and all these pills and everything and I'm not interested in that
But I didn't know if there were actual doctors that all those all those pills are our speed. That's all that stuff is
I'm not interested in any of that. I just want to stick to the diet. Yeah, I know there were doctors that actually followed it
Yeah, and that's why I called you because I really didn't know where to turn
Yeah, I don't expect you to tell me what to do over the phone
Well, I can have George give you the my doctor's number all the way see you're in brown. He's in Miami Beach
But you know, it's up to you. Maybe you can call there him. He's he's on it himself
He's a real big believer in it. I mean, I have never talked to anybody that hasn't lost weight on the diet
Yeah, and that's why and I have a hundred pounds to lose right now like I'm trying to lose 20 now
Well, then though if you got that much to lose you've definitely got to have a doctor
You can't just buy a book and start patching around with your body
Hang on a second. Okay. Thank okay line four you got the stuff right two open lines in day
It's seven five one the doctors in docked in the I mean I sympathized with her plate, but I can't I'm not the guy
Believe me. I'm fat as a pig
seven five one nine four six three seven five one
W-I-O-D
We're gonna come to the answer this morning about why Phil Henry is so anxious for the rest of us to all bail out of W-I-O-D
We're also going to find out we're gonna hear from Jews who are not celebrating a new year or a young kipper
We're not going to shul we're gonna hear from them
We're gonna also find out if Dave Hyde is doing speed or other drugs because lately between his column about the Troy
Ackman book by skip bailess
Which all it did was publicize the book see I don't see that anybody has fallen off the deep end
I didn't see Troy Ackman get benched. I saw Dallas kick the crap out of the giants last week
I don't see people swooning diving it off tall build tall buildings because Troy Ackman might be gay or might not
Nobody really gives a crap and yet Dave Hyde helped to sell a lot of books and create a lot of interest in that and bring it to everybody's attention
And now in his column today, which is one of these columns where he just has a lot of idle thoughts about this and that
And I was reading it and as usual enjoying Dave Hyde's column because I like Dave
But he gets to a thing about he says you know who I feel sympathetic towards in his heat situation while not agreeing with his arena stand
Mickey Harrison
His family got involved in the heat to help the area
He took over the heat completely to keep the team in Miami
All he wants to do is build a championship team not a sports empire all he does is get ripped
And I'm wondering is this man is this supposed to be tongue in cheek is this a joke
His family got involved in the heat to help out the area
And that's why they wanted to push through they wanted to sneak through this arena
They wanted to force the panthers out of town and they wanted to sneak through this new arena three and a half blocks away from the present one
Right by the port of iami for the fun and benefit of the irison family and the herald
I
Mean let's let's get serious. Okay, not to mention of course all the high jinks with pat Riley and jawan Howard and all the other stuff that they tried to pull the wool over the NBA's eyes forget about that
And the fact that they went up there and lied in broward counted to the commissioners and Pauline Winnick did the
Micky's bidding up there and pretended that they really had an interest in going in the new broward arena and then brought all the information back to date and try to pull the wool over the people in date county
Dave Hyde man, I think I think too many of those default shows man
I think it'll do it to you better watch out for my friend Ruben
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Yeah, how you doing great?
Hey
One quick bang a big report for you. Yes sir corner of
Now till and
Howard yeah, I never see one of these before the pig sitting on the corner with a no pad and pen
And the only thing I can figure out he's taking a seat belt survey
Standing there smoking a cigarette and he just he just standing on the corner
Down on the corner with a pad and pen no radar gun no nothing
Yeah, maybe he's checking out who's being audio nice. Maybe he's making a list and checking it twice
He's got a check here and a check there and but people flying by and his head's going left and right
But he doesn't have a pistola. He's not the shoot no radar
No pistol and no radar gun no nothing. Huh, I never seen a seat belt check before but
Look like he's running his own little survey there great
Some son a new wrinkle has been added man
My attention pd. I feel a lot safer for the new year. Thanks now. Thanks a lot. Okay. There's a little warning for you and Broward
751 no, I did not know you were getting married Randy and quite frankly
I don't think anybody's really interested in this point
Don't take it personally unless you want to but you've been living with a guy for like 75 years already
It's not like a major announcement and if he works expecting a wedding gift get serious
1050 at wiod who doesn't like to go out for a great meal, huh?
Who doesn't like saving money at the same time
Now there's a way to save 25% every time you die out with a transmedia card
The transmedia card saves you 25% on the entire food and drink portion of your bill and that includes any guest you pay for
And it's easy because the transmedia card is linked to a credit card of your choice
All you do is pay for your meal with your transmedia card and a 25% credit shows up on your next statement
It's that easy no coupons to monkey around with no books none of that stuff just the card
You can use it anytime anywhere with no restrictions
And there's over 150 restaurants in South Florida to choose from like cocoa puzzle like shameax like bistro 209
Like red flannel cafe like geocosa like kaza blanca and lots lots more and over 7,000 more restaurants all around the world
Call now and get the transmedia card for just 25 bucks for the first year
That's 50% off the regular membership fee call 1 800
7 9 1
Dine 1 800 7 9 1 D I N E it comes with a money back guarantee
So you got nothing to lose but that big bill save 25% when you eat out with a transmedia card get yours today by calling tool free
1 800 7 9 1 Dine
To an old and guess who's next the jet beautiful
Dolphins on radio use talking entertainment radio
16 W I O D
It's big Neil it's big enough both of us well congratulations get a life
Okay calm down Jennifer 1054 a W I O D open line and date one and brown 72 on a green lines
And one even on a purple line mobile one cell 18 T wireless at pound I O D here's Tamarack hello
Yeah, yes sir good morning to you win as deus
Uh this this Rick inside or this Rick and Jennifer M thing. I like to address that if I could the Rick and Rem thing
Yeah, right
We're good. They're great. They're me, you know, they're going back to afternoons, which is even more great
But uh why why not? I'm gonna have to why but I think Rick
Picking on Jennifer Rem is really low
And we're him picking on everyone on the news and the traffic
Traffic stuff. Let me just let me explain of course the traffic sucks, but let me explain this to you
Okay, Jennifer is the news director, right and what Jennifer took exception to was the fact that Rick
You know when I kind of like brought this all out of the closet yesterday that Rick was placing blame on Jackie a Quinn and
certain other people in the news department for the demise of the numbers on a morning show
And she took that personally and I would you know tend to agree with her like I told Rick the other day that bringing back Chuck Meyer is not the answer
And uh, I don't think that most people tune into any show because they want to hear a certain news person
Especially on this radio station not gonna understand if we were in all news station
I'm gonna understand if we were like an old funny dutty station where people wanted to hear a Walter Cronkite doing the news
But that's not the nature of this radio station
You're only here in for five minutes on each side of the hour
And it was long as somebody can seem to read more than two words without stumbling and falling down and just pass along the information and play the spot and get out
That should be it that's exactly right
And of course one of the things that never did come up in a course of conversation yesterday
It was the fact that Rick has never gotten into a newscast on time in the 70 years or whatever
It said that he's been on this radio station which of course puts additional stress on the news people
So uh, that's what generated all of that and I think that when you want to make it into a personal thing that's that's up to the two of them but
Well for him to bring it out like that and it's just so ass-lined for him to blame everyone in the news
That you're only here in a total of five minutes on each side of the hour about the news. Yeah
It's you know, it's a little fault and his program isn't bad anyway
But to him to get so petty to try to blatantly blame well see
I think that when you've got deficiencies and we've all got things that we can fix nobody does a perfect show
I don't know anybody including yours truly who does a perfect show we can all improve
Perfect as I get it but but yeah right but but when you're doing your gardening
But the the thing is this that when you've got areas that need to be worked on like for example like I you know
I tried suggesting different things to Rick over the years and he he'll solicit your opinion
But then he what whatever you say he wants to do the opposite like
Anyone you're not the other Gilbert and I'm telling you that this guy this guy that they have calling in
I don't know what the guy's name is he's from somewhere in the Midwest and they pay him to make these calls
You know time break out and Bob dole. Yeah, he's he's like a comedy guy allegedly
This guy is the kiss of death. I'm telling you out in the last year
I've never heard that guy come on without punching the button and turning that show off immediately
And I think I got a some kind of idea of what humor is okay the guy's not funny
He's pathetic no and Gilbert is is less than that and I bring those things up this morning and right away
It's like I just brought in a knife again
I'd like stab Rick in the back or something
He just takes great offense with that and I don't know what that's all about
Well, I think he just needs to grow up a little bit
Well, that's part of it. I think instead of being stubborn in a hard ass
Which I thought he was moving away from that a little bit
You got to start patching up those areas that need some work instead of lashing out and looking for a scapegoat
And blaming the newest person or the guy that the janitor that empties out the waste basket as for the reason why you're not doing his
Great as you might definitely and I love Jennifer M everybody loves Jennifer. I bought her a lip to nice tea bottle
Remember that little thing they were doing the bidding on the stuff in the garbage your cigar. Oh, yeah
Remember yeah, why I have a lip to nice tea bottle that was on Phil show. Yes, it was right
So I take exception and I take a personal work says about my Jennifer M it just keeps getting bigger
Okay, pal have a great day
Okay, we have an open line in date 751 is Jennifer in the building there? She on a she
Resting or something because I noticed Jackie Quinn took off for the weekend
She went up to the northeast somewhere to get out of here
She probably went up there hoping to get hit by that hurricane
Because it was pretty hortant pretty intense here yesterday
So she's gone and if Jennifer see I don't I don't know what the problem is
I mean I like Terry Griffin is sitting in there right now. We love Terry Terry is great
She does a super job on the news
I don't think people specifically tune in the show because they want to your Terry do the news
But she's sensational and it's great and we're gonna miss her because she's not going with us is she
No
Damn it and we wish that you were thank you. You know how I feel and the Jennifer
She's been doing the news on this show for a long time. I'm most of the day parts and
It's great and once in a blue moon. I'll come on at the end
We'll have a little verbal intercourse back and forth and you know if my if the share on this show dropped a point
Or when during those periods of time when the numbers go down a little bit
I don't come on say oh it's the news people's fault. It's that damn Terry Griffin and that Jennifer Reem. It's their fault
And I think it's unfortunate
But I'm glad that it came up because I think that it'll force some people to reassess their attitudes
Although I'm not sure that's really happened yet
But I think that if we continue banging away at it some people will be forced to reassess their own performance
and their own involvement and their own effort and their own
Priorities and kind of like put things in perspective all of course there might be some people who are beyond doing that
But again, I don't want to conjecture time will tell
Here's my my hammy hello
Hello
Neil whatever. Yeah, hey
Rick is a crybaby man
Yeah, he wants that and you
We're gonna get her for him this morning. He's a trainer ripper and you know when it's they she has a guts to go off on you
He's a jack yeah, he's blaming her for all his problems. Yeah, he's a
He should think responsibly stop talking about how many years if I told him to grow up here in Butchup
Okay, and I'm thinking that right now if we really keep banging away on this to just maybe I know there's
There are miracles they don't happen very often
But just maybe there will be a little growth just a little fuzz a little for a little something might start and got only knows what that might turn into
You're going to into the soul of stupidity. I think I can know you I OD my ammy fort-lotter day and you talk and entertain with radio
610 W I OD
Oh
Oh
What
Oh
Jennifer
We like what you say
Tell those assholes they can't all go
In it
Just so no one needs the headlines quite like
We love the way
You speak your mind
You're right when you say that this place needs a giant and enormous glow job
Jennifer
Say it's not to be
Jennifer
That you'll really feel
Jennifer says you don't like
Baby
A life
Cost of what reads the headlines quite like
Jennifer
Jennifer
Jennifer
You're being very difficult with me this morning. Okay. 1106 at W I OD happy Friday happy Friday the 13th happy Russia
Shona happy new year happy a weekend happy whatever you want to be happy about the market somebody must be happy the market's going bananas today
It's a 55 point
The next X up 18 points, which is the equivalent of like 90
The Dow points it's going bananas. So let's just close it down right now before they change their mind
We have got a board here that I wouldn't wish on Hermann Gehringman look at that what's going on here today?
Is it because of Russia Shona didn't I predict this the other day?
It's another excuse every day line and two of the Broward lines and the purple line
I got two calls sitting there on the board after now of ranting and raving and carrying on
And gesticulating and opening up and bleeding all over the place here for you
It just so they don't care they got no comment they have no ideas
It's just like the thing I brought up with Rick this morning about that guy that they pay to make those calls
Who's you know there's I've always said there's nothing worse than somebody trying to be funny who wasn't
I bring that up to Rick and you people won't call you want you they got nothing to say about it one way or the other
Because generally like I've said before the people who call our ass liquors and they just want to
We'd appreciate themselves and that's that's the purpose of the call
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil God. Yes, I am.
A few comments. Let me show you your Dave Hyde, Harrison bang. I
Agreed. Okay, we have two open lines in date seven five one we got one in Broward five two four one on a green line
I tell you I've never heard some real losers in my time but going back to 9.15 this morning starting with pearl and pearl
Mesta and the other geriatrics we've heard from is there anybody alive out there I'm extending the hand
A friendship or the sort of democles or anything in between what is it that we can stick in you attoya
Jesus God almighty talk about the aging demographic how about bringing Henry Barrow into the news on Rick and so two old oh sorry
How about Tom Hopkins? Oh, it doesn't have a colon sorry
Here's a bokeh hello
Happy everything everybody right
Thank you for the party some history
101 this morning on the Rick and such show the what radio lesson
I thought you were literally tutoring rip this morning no, I was just trying to give some input because they are making this big switch over the afternoon
And I think Rick ought to concentrate. I'm trying to get him focused into concentrating on the things that he could do to improve the show as
A post to lashing out and blaming news people and janitors and watchmakers and everybody else
But I did catch one thing every suggestion you made to be sort of resistant right exactly that's the thing with Rick
In fact, I should probably tell him that Gilbert is sensational and the guy that does those phone things is the funniest guy I've ever heard in my life
They'll both disappear in a heartbeat
Right now also I'm Jewish I don't celebrate the rest of son right
Oh great
I call my mother she lives in Chicago I wish you're happy new year because she's a good old girl
But I don't care about it and there's a bad in me
Well, I want to hear from all the non-observant Jews today who are much more concerned with eating humontosh and at Purim
And with being circumcised and with all these hocus-bocus holiday
And a few other things first of all when the very just crash occurred Jennifer Renkin and I did a terrific show
She's a bit of a great news lady on them to see that she's subject to any criticism
And finally for Phil Henry listen without a meal and without the dolphins there is no WIOD
And you know LA may be the greatest place in the world but buying good luck
Let's stop blasting us and putting down our town the heck with it we've got a live here and we're going to make the best of it
Well, I'm blasting it too I mean I hate it here in many respects
But I'm making a good living and I like the weather but other than that I'm not changing my tune because Phil Henry is leaving
That would be very disingenuous to use the word that I've become one of my favorites lately
But I'm just I'm curious as to why he's got this fetish with yesterday
It was trying to convince both Rick and suds and yours truly that the past years are greener every place else
And we ought to be getting out of here and it just smacks to me of a Cox corporate effort to finish off and break this place into a million pieces before they handed over to Paxton
There was no doubt in my mind that that's where they're coming from that's what they want to do
You said it yesterday it's radio spike
Yeah, well, I've said that for years but I mean now more so than ever
I mean well how how if you've got any kind of honor if you've got any kind of decency if you've got any kind of credibility
How do you make a financial deal with somebody and sell them a property and then try to destroy it before they take control of it
It would be like it would be like you're selling somebody your house and then before the closing date you run around trashing the house
So that when they come in on the closing they they they walk into a piece of crap
Well, I don't think that I want to get sucked into that I think I'm just going to enjoy the programs and everything's going to turn out okay
I agree
All right
Have a good one
Okay, there you go another non-observant you we need a lot more of them calling in who are going to be wasting their time rushing to shul and putting on a phony act
Because it happens to be one of the important holidays
I mean how do you separate well this one's important and simple story that's not that important
Come on already
Stop with this archaic stuff. By Ruchat Arnoia. Loheno Melachemi your money
Jesus two open lines on the green lines all this religious stuff these bubble my sees that's the main reason that's the one thing to go along with what Phil was saying yesterday
And I admitted it I would like to have a much broader forum speak to a lot more people
But that's the main reason because there is no one anywhere in this country no one anywhere
Who speaks out against organized religion and who just on a practically daily basis rips into all this hypocrisy and bull crap and the child molesting priests and all the hatred and all this stuff that's going on all over the world
Because of these fairy tales because of these fantasies because of what religion does best and that is generating hatred
And yes, I would like you know you've heard me say that for 20 years and probably getting tired of hearing it
But there's a lot of other people that never heard anybody express that and maybe just a few of them might stop and think hey you know something that makes some sense maybe
But hey it's not good business 12 minutes after 11 at W I O D that I'm aware total famous 7761 for just option
Until we find a suitable replacement for sex we're doing sports late nights on 610 W I O D
Ron bar and sports byline USA 10 p.m. tonight on news talk and entertainment radio 610 W I O D
How's that hand job coming along John can beat that gator meat
Oh
This radio station
Not a future is in doubt
We've been talking about
Packson ever since Cox pulled out now will work for
The man's a million if
Gone away from
Welcome he's like Wayne with more hair
You might think that it's a bummer when
Phil and he's gone say goodbye to Aaron summer say hi to Ron and Ron
They're gonna work for taxes
And that's matter of back
They're gone
Work for taxes
But he'll ain't changing his act
Hey asshole
Tax and upon again Christian
Right just as he can be
He wants to change the stations
Letters WG O D now will work for taxes
Oh God
He's the plan
Taxi
Taxi is gone on work for tax and
Taxi will make the sign of the cross
Yeah but wait a second
1118 at W I O D open line at day 7519 463
We're trying to hear from somebody under the age of 100 so far this morning
We haven't succeeded we're getting close though we're getting pretty close
Here's uh, here's somebody close who's like bubbling under
So long Cox your head's a full of rocks gonna bear you out back in a cardboard box
Hi Aaron happy new year
You're not Jewish
Wow no so
So what what's your point
But you are circumcised
That's true
I knew that how I know that Jim Scholler
Everybody knows that Jim Scholler's cut
In fact every time they make out the new line up you're the first one to get cut
I'm always the first to get cut
So what are you doing these days you're not still up there on J&O are you?
I don't know
Free at last thank God almighty
Yeah?
No I'm the director of public relations and advertising for carousels Jupiter
formerly the Bert Reynolds dinner theater
Call the box office now
What kind of a scam is that?
746 2800
Boy
You radio guys should buy a serotonin don't you?
Oh man but this is great this is the best this is fun
You're having a good time huh
Oh yeah
All right by the beach
Go out your showgirls and it's glamorous and it's fun it's exciting it's cool
So were you there when they blew out boy Gary or was that after your departure?
He came in and laughed after I did so that was fun
Yeah
I missed him completely
He was there a very brief time that was one of the shortest rains since the pigeons the over plantation
Yeah about five minutes too long
Yeah
Yeah in and out
Well you know what he told Randy he said well it's radio I got blown out that's radio
Yeah you know I didn't get invited to that wedding either
I don't even think he sued anybody up there it just he got blown out that's radio that's the way life is say I V to A
I think Randy forgot which which mental war you had to be committed to so I didn't get invited out of it
So did you send Randy a wedding gift by the way?
No I didn't hear it you know I didn't hear it all after the fact
Did you attend her wedding?
No
Did you notice that they were getting married?
No
Yeah
Did I care? No
Right
Okay
Yeah so what's the point?
Exactly
I don't know why the hell did you call me?
I heard the wedding was in
Where?
But I could be wrong
Yeah she evidently was on here dissing me yesterday for not sending her a wedding gift and acknowledging there
How the hell was I supposed to know they were getting married?
You know what he doesn't make any difference because nobody's listening to her
Right
So I mean the only one that's what he told me
The only one they're listening to is Lee Fowler and they're treating him like a dog
So
I heard that he was suicidal I mean literally
Well yeah who wouldn't be I mean the guy I mean he goes I mean regardless of what you think about him
And we're not he stole your act the fact of the matter is the guy goes in does his best day after day
They're treating him like a dog he's on he goes in for kidney dialysis three times a week
And still shows up on time to do a show
Yeah
And you know and he's the only one with any numbers and they treat him like dirt
He has numbers he does he's the only one on the station who does
How do you like that he's up there getting numbers stealing my act the Hummers the only one on QAM with any number stealing my act
Well there you go, isn't it?
Well and I'm still sitting here getting a few numbers doing my own act how do you like that?
The act that never died
Yeah
Well listen Skyler this has really been
Almost as good as that guy that calls Rick and Suts in the morning from Indiana so from Elkhardt Indiana
Right well my tape is in the mail
Okay
Okay
Take care yourself
Yeah you too
Bye bye
Okay
I'm in 22 at WIOD
Use talk at entertainment radio
610 WIOD
I'm telling you Cheryl that's what it is
Okay 1124 at WIOD so Cheryl Riftgen is a Cheryl we Riftgen weaned Schwartz is in the building
You know you're doing this and that's not nice
And she's actually speaking to me and pointing
On Russia's shunner you don't point okay you at least be on your best behavior go home and drink a little Morgan David and go to shul
And kosher kosher the house again and send your kids off to Israel to be slaughtered by Arabs
You know sooner or later you sooner or later
You know you're just like Rick Riley that was a real shot that was the worst shot of all
Sooner or later you have to get the message when you're gonna go on vacation
Don't be a Jewish martyr all your life don't go visiting Auschwitz don't go to Egypt
Don't go to places where they have nothing but a bunch of our bison anti-Semites you can stay here for that
Go to someplace great go to Rome go to Amsterdam go to Stockholm go see the real world sometime before it's too late
Are you finished picking on me?
No
Okay here so like I said I apologize for the Rick Riley comment that was a low blow you're welcome
Here's a dear field hello hello yes sir just a non-religious you calling you up to say oh
Oh
And I resisted I resisted Judaism ever since I was I can remember yeah I didn't even want to be barmed
You got to be honest though Judaism is a great culinary religion
Well it's a great gastronomic religion we got Homan Toshan on Purim we got the well you know
I guess over I could live without without the stale bread with the monsters you know
I used to like the holidays they used to like to take off school
Yeah that's right lots of holidays including some two-dayers and eight-dayers and some real good long drawn out holidays
There you go we're no dummies
But I if I didn't go to Tampa and I didn't have a permit I couldn't watch Frank Mahavish or Johnny Power go and play hockey
Really?
So that was why I had to do it but that's not a Jews a lot of Jews in Toronto way
Oh tons of them
Yeah
They got a whole sect up there very religious as a matter of fact Bathurstreet right from you go from Bathurstreet
Bathurstreet but I'm up there right through Aiglington right up through
Fields it's all Jewish there yeah there must be I'd say 250,000 yeah a lot of let's see Toronto's got a lot of Jews a lot of fags
Oh they have a chat there the Canadian Homophile Association of Toronto
They have lots of Asians or Oriental's or whatever you want to call me a lot of
Many they have you know the thing at all the thing that I find fascinating is when we were in Rome I pointed out to John
I said you know there's a lot more Middle Eastern people in Toronto than there are in Rome
There's a lot more of times in Toronto than there are in Italy
Well there's a lot there's two like little Italy's in Toronto which is amazing and there's just tons of China towns they're all over the place
I swear you think you're an Asian sometimes
But but I will say this the Asian people who live in Toronto are very much different than the ones who live here
Well I wouldn't know because I haven't lived there in 20 years
But apparently my relatives all say they're very studious hardworking
Well that's generally true with most of them but they're much hipper and much more progressive and much more part of the mainstream
But then again Toronto's a city that works where all the different people seem to get along and coexist in our part of the city
As opposed to here where everybody's in their own little thing
Well it's very cosmopolitan you know it's like New York
Right well without all that without without without that many black people right
That's true well there you'd be surprised there's got to be a hundred thousand Jamaicans Caribbean people up there now
They're Caribbean but they're all driving cams
But no very nice city between July and August
Right yeah
That's why I got down here because I just couldn't fathom the cold anymore
It's just thought I'd call say hello you know I'm non-religious too
There's a lot of us you'd be surprised
No I wouldn't be surprised I think that the number of Jews who are really observant
Except on these high holidays though Russia's shown on you I'm kipper is when all kinds of Jews who the rest of the year couldn't give it damn less
All of a sudden become very religious and they're convinced that because they paid their dues at temple therefore they should go
And they should drag their kids along and they should pop a Yarmulka on their head and they should they should force them to participate in all this meaningless exercise
Exactly well they got to make an appearance for the boss or the who or they this they got to impress everybody
Or the who which I think the who are going to be in the temple okay
Are they Jewish?
How do you enjoy the World Cup? I think it's great hockey
I'm enjoying it a lot and like I said I really I'm not rooting for one country or the other
I'm glad to see it go the full three games for tomorrow night
Yeah but it's just it's just a real treat to see all and I'm going to tell you these guys are not fooling around
Like for last night Lindross and LeClaire who are not only teammates but their line mates on the Legion of Doom on the flyers
They're line mates on the same team during the regular season and they got into it a little bit and Lindross gave them a real shot
I mean these guys are planned for country and it's for real and they mean it
It's been great hockey
It has been did you see time Chery going on on and on about this guy and that guy and all these fake injuries
Yeah loves Bobby or loves Bobby or he's right Bobby or is the greatest player who ever played the game
There's nobody even close he's absolutely right
But I still would take Gordy however Bobby or way well you know why just for longevity
If Bobby or would have played
Yeah but you know it's interesting that he pointed out last night that Bobby or ruined his legs and finished his career
Because he insisted in playing in the whatever it was called Canada Cup
That's what he's very sad
And he wanted for us that year
But that I the Bobby or in Gordy how are both up there
I still would lean a little towards how because in those days there was a little tougher
There was only 16s and there's more longevity there
Well that Bobby or probably was more talented
I'll stick with Jim Dury myself
Have a good one
And back to you
Okay we have two open lines in day 751 WIOD
We have one in Broward like I said these people would know
Merit the Steerheim from Merit Doki
As in Poki
It is astonishing to me maybe it's because of the fact that this area is so geographically isolated
From we were talking about that yesterday while Phil was trying to convince me to go up in the northeast or just get out of here and go somewhere else and work
About the fact that when you live up north or in the Midwest or far west I guess is the same thing too to a lesser degree
Because you're geographically isolated
But the deep south and especially Florida which on radio and you just it's like a cacophony of foreign languages
That you're mostly esponial on AM radio at night and you just don't have any relationship to the other parts to what's going on
And so the things that people are interested in here
It's like when we got the hockey team and I started getting real enthused about it and everybody was talking to me
Oh gee thank you for introducing us to something we never heard of before
Like I was talking a foreign language like they thought oh boy this is really neat
We never knew such a thing existed
Which I find very difficult to comprehend
Here's the Hollywood hello for now no comment
Brilliant very good open line and date 751 WYOD 2 and Broward 5249463 and 2 on a green lines 180944 WYOD
Here's a Pompano hello
Hello yes sir hi good morning you. Where is Diaz?
Buenos Diaz first time caller good love your show I'm a Julio and I still have my turtleneck no
I'm not a single size
Any of those things you got to deal with you know
Neil in reference to your comment a couple of days ago about that we are the world millionaires
That they should have shallow millions instead of singing this stupid sound
Same thing happened that after Andrew when the Estefan went and organized his salsa concert
And instead of shelling out their couple of millions they went out and organized the salsa concert
Yeah these these performers are making hundreds of millions of dollars
They had a thing on the other day this fat Oprah Winfrey bitch
She made I think a hundred and seventeen million last year some obscene amount for what I have no idea
And you know they could as a tax write off each donate a million to a variety of different charities
Instead of like putting on this act which they do for public relations to give the appearance that they're so concerned
And they're such great activists and they're so right
Like Michael Jackson is so concerned about the children of the world which he is if he can do them and he's attracted to him
But other than that that's the extent of his interest
That's true actually I was leaving in New York you remember when the Estefan had the accident that she heard her back
Yeah
Well she was admitted to a hospital in New York I was leaving there
And in New York City most of the hospital has Filipino nurses like 75% of the nurses are from the Philippines
And this lady was so thankful for the nursing care that she received
That instead of even a check to the nurses she went out and donate $10,000 to the government of the Philippines
What would the 50 million poor people the Philippines were going to do with the $10,000?
I'll tell you she could have bought a lot of pairs of shoes for those Filipino nurses with ten grand
Exactly and you're short of your mouth but most of the Hispanic newspapers are ready when crazy
They just look her from head to toe even when they killed that guy in the boat you know they just they're just obsessed with her
Oh my god, they can't get me
Rick Sanchez goes out and runs a guy over in his car and right away they're picking on poor Rick Sanchez because the guy died just in case you didn't know
But Gloria and her husband they go out there and they kill some guy on a speedboat and right away she's a great activist
And she's worried about boating safety or the boat of them are great people etc and so on
It's like a saint I mean she can do no wrong
Yeah I think she's well well well overblown I mean it's not like Luis Miguel I mean he's talked to Hispanic
I don't know if he's overblown or not but I like it
No but when he's been seeing all the Spanish songs and he's thick with his Spanish songs
He never went to the like the famous crossover where we're looking for the you know
No but you're wrong about that I mean I'd be the first one to defend Luis but the only reason that they have resisted that is because he can't speak English
I mean he speaks very wet-back English and you notice it had one rendition of America he sings a couple of choruses there in English
But that's about the extent of it and they just you know it's really sad too because he grew up in an entertainment family
His father was Luis Reyes I'm sure you know and you would have thought that since he was like a singer and movie guy
And it from being in a kid that one of the things if they had a little bit of vision
They would have taught him English from when he was a kid when it's much easier to learn another language
Yeah but it's unfortunately an impediment although he's no matter Italy, Spain, wherever he go all over the world
He's gigantic so he's still making a few papers
Anyway I love your show and I hope you don't have a bunch of calls now from his Spanish songs and communist
I go on Easter because we offended the difference
Too bad
Take care and he'll have a good weekend
And back to you
Okay boy it's really grim today man it is really grim they must all either be at Rosa Lopez's house or on a way to shoulder
And I one or the other it is very very grim
And I don't understand please don't tell me that you don't have an opinion on all these different things that I've been asking about
It's not possible it isn't possible
But they just it's like the thing with Hank Goldberg and all of a sudden the thing with Phil Henry
All of a sudden all these people who have been for the last two years resisting and fighting me every time I tell him that nobody in their right mind with a sense of humor
And any taste whatsoever would be listening to the Humper at the same time that Phil was on
And now yesterday they're coming on and well you know Rick you suck and Neil you're okay while we're doing the gardening you know you're like an old soft shoe
But Phil's the greatest thing in the history of the market
Why is it now that he's leaving they finally are discovering this as opposed to why I was trying to sell it to him
Oh well you know the Humper Humper what the Humper blows
751 WIOD 524 9463 and Broward 2 on the green lines 1 800 944 WIOD
And of course in Broward
Lorenzo's a Italian center on the corner of 163rd and Dixie highway in North Miami Beach and Ben and Bob's in the Indian Trace Shopping Center in Weston
And they have more of their great specials this week
At Lorenzo's save $2 a pound on fresh USDA prime T-bones or porterhouse steaks they're just 899 a pound
Formula Milk Fed shoulder wheel cutlets are only 399 a pound and try the 98% fat free boars had lower salt ham
Perfect for the Atkins died for just 599 a pound
Lorenzo's also has an 8 ounce package of delicious all natural kosher to WINGLIN smoke king salmon for only $999
And flown in from Italy chocolate covered cream filled pro fitteralls for only a dollar each what are those candy
But what is it is it like truffles well going find out Lorenzo's also has micro brood beers on sale like rattlesnake for 899 a 6 pack
Named after Rick Riley naked aspen a l699 a 6 pack and 3 finger jack for 599 a 6 pack for those of you who like doing the 3 finger jack
Over at Ben and Bob's pick up large sweet for only 49 cents a pound sweet California
Not those three fingers yours that well Bob dole can do it sweet California plum is only 69 cents a pound rainbow trout and base scallops
And trouser trout only 499 a pound and king fish takes only 399 a pound remember king fish on Amazon Andy he be good
Lorenzo's in North Miami Beach Ben and Bob's in Western where the good stuff is waiting on you right now
There's a new dolphins player coin available this week only at Miami subs the vegetable coins and trading cards to celebrate the history of the Miami dolphins now for Miami subs
And news talk and entertainment radio 610 W I O D
