I'm such an idiot. I'm actually a lesbian
welcome
oh
Stings all over got the smelly piss we don't like here crazy little cut me love
She had her baby
Just call her band but oh
Can't hear the high notes see the she thinks she is a cool cool slut
that's
And quite a finish to the day yesterday.
And I really don't know whether to go into it on the air or not, but I guess I probably
will eventually.
How we don't want to talk about that contra-tops with D-fo in a hallway.
D-fo went about two or three rounds with Phil Henry in a hall and then I guess stood
around waiting for me to get off the air and see one thing about me when it comes to a
clock.
Generally, I got a routine here and that is for like about a minute or two I smoothed
with Phil Henry and find out, you know, what's going on.
And then I zip out that door baby and I'm gone like a bad out of hell, which is a real
good philosophy.
No matter where you work, when it's time to leave, don't linger any longer than you
have to.
Okay?
Don't linger around, don't hang around, don't smooth, don't get yourself into a lot of
trouble.
Just make a B-line out the door.
So yesterday, unfortunately, the way out the door from here, it goes by the little sports
booth in there, the sports closet.
And D-fo was standing there yesterday after getting Phil Henry justifiably very upset about
the minimizing Phil's, you know, pretty decent book and talking about that six o'clock
hour and a five o'clock hour and the Hummer did this and this one did that.
And it always amazes me that these sports guys take themselves so seriously, it just
astonishes me.
And so at two 15, I'm still standing there listening to this man rambling on and trying to straighten
his ass out.
And then at two 30, I'm still standing there and people are like wandering up and down
the hallway, various and sundry people looking at this conversation going on.
Not like screaming and yelling, but a little bit on the animated side.
And then like two 45, I'm still standing there at three o'clock.
I finally, finally managed to end the conversation.
And yes, what?
He wasn't ready to win the conversation.
But I mean, at that point, I had wasted an hour of my life.
I told some people this morning I could have spent a better hour on my hands and knees puking
on the toilet bowl would have been more productive than standing there arguing with Jeff
the Forrest about how great the sports talk show is and what a brilliant job they did
in the book.
And how he beat the Hummers ass and yada yada yada was the most incredible waste of my
time in history, mankind.
And guess what, Defo?
I still don't like the monologues.
See I don't try to tell anybody how to run their show.
I don't try to tell anybody how to run their life, how to run their show.
I do express my opinions though.
And some people don't like them.
Tough crap.
Too bad.
That's my opinion.
But at least I don't single the Defo out.
I think that most of the sports shows, I think that all of the sports shows in his town
are pretty weak because most of them are one dimensional and they let the callers like
kind of engineered the way things go.
It's always either the dolphins and the canes which nobody cares about the canes anymore
because they lost a couple of games.
So it's the dolphins this and the dolphins that and how they he pulled out a game last
night.
So somebody might mention that Pat Riley is a genius but I doubt it.
And other than that there's nothing else on.
And I also suggested that they not even make any reference to hockey because they don't
go to any games and then Defo went to a long song and it ants about how he couldn't
show up because he's on the year to late o'clock till about 8 30 and I said well that's
only the start of the second period.
Lots of the paid fans are still coming in the middle of the second period.
Well, he just has an aversion to coming in the second period.
I said look, why don't you face it?
You guys know nothing about it.
At which point he proceeded to tell me that Mandage has gone to several hockey games.
He has.
When was that?
When was this?
What planet are we living on?
Okay.
And speaking of hockey games, how about those Panthers last night?
Everybody's ready for them to fold up like an accordion.
Everybody's saying they were just a flash in a pan and meantime here they go.
Another big tie.
They almost won a damn thing but brilliant gold tending by the beaser and hextall again
last night and Panthers are right there.
A tie ain't all that bad.
And as I look at the standings, they're right there with 61 points.
And sure the Rangers got 66, but guess what?
The Rangers have played 48 and the Panthers have played 45.
We still got three games in hand on them, including the win at Washington tonight.
And I'm going to say it again.
What a sad commentary.
I was watching a really incredible game last night.
Pittsburgh beating Boston, seven to six and over time.
All your Bruins fans out there will pass you the knife.
Okay.
Twice the penguins blew a two goal lead.
Bruins are ahead six to four in the third period.
Okay.
Penguins are doing nothing in the last 52 seconds.
The penguin scored twice to tie up the game and send it in overtime.
Then we go into overtime.
The Bruins are all over the penguins like stink on a on a DFO.
I mean, it was just incredible.
And then the penguins get a penalty, which is almost never called,
but Dvoroski calls a penalty against Pittsburgh.
And now the Bruins are just all over.
They're coming with a minute of an inch is scoring a winning goal and over time.
The penguins have never gotten the puck across center ice in the overtime so far.
Now all of a sudden Boston's on a power play and Mario Lemieux tips that pass away.
They're at the blue line, races out on a breakaway, goes down, puts it in the top of the net
and scores the winning goal seven to six.
What an incredible night, Mario.
Incredible.
Now that was a game.
But unfortunately, we couldn't see that brilliant game with the Panthers and Flyers.
That very exciting obviously game that ended in the one one over time.
Time because Sunshine and Channel 33 decided I guess that wasn't the game that's worth adding to the schedule.
And you're not going to see it.
So I did hear the last two minutes.
I was able to handle two minutes of Chris Moore, which is about my maximum.
But nice going guys.
Okay, they're still doing it.
They're not falling apart.
They're not going to fall apart.
And after we knew the break, I've got maybe the greatest room worth of day,
which looks pretty good for the Panthers.
And you heard it here maybe not first, but you heard it here.
And I believe it at this point, I'm beginning to believe it.
It may be a swishful second, but I think this could be true.
1013 at WIOD.
We just kind of got a little naughty in the parking lot of the church.
Yeah.
How much is it like we drive around?
And what's for the most of your places to have sex?
Passion phones, a handful of midnight on news, talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
I just can't stand that.
That's a lot.
Okay, 1016 at WIOD.
So anyway, I'll get to the Panther thing in just a second.
First, I want to mention, it's with deep regret that I announced.
I guess he announced it yesterday.
Of course, with Phil, you never know if he's serious or joking.
But the Phil Henry trip to Ireland is off.
The Phil Henry trip to Ireland is off.
They got like six people to sign up to go on it.
Our trip to Vegas is still on.
And we're not doing all that great.
What do we got about 110?
But we have a good excuse.
And that is the first two years.
It's kind of called attrition is what it's called.
It's kind of like our audience.
They die off.
They fly away.
They run like a bad out of hell.
They can't take it anymore.
But the trip to Vegas is very much on on April 18th through the 21st.
Call Rocky and Regal Travel.
Get yourself on board, as they say.
In a day to Broward 445, 7740 from Palm Beach, 989, 8888.
And we're going to be staying three days and three nights at the MGM Grand.
We're flying like a real airline American commercial jets from four
Saturday, all in the Miami.
It's 599 bucks per person for double.
And you got till February 29th to pay the whole amount in.
So he's still got like over a month to come up with a cash.
So at least get it a positive and here and get on the thing.
Because we still have like 90 seats.
We had 200 seats to start with.
We got over 110 now.
What more than that?
111? No, seriously.
Do we have an update or what?
Are that the latest to stir?
The latest.
Okay. Over 110.
That's not too bad considering the nightmares that we were put through
the first two years by somebody else.
But anyway, if you do want to go call Rocky in the next couple of days
and let's get with it.
Okay. But the Phil Henry thing is disturbing.
That was a very high ticket thing.
No question about that.
Also, it's at a bad time of the year when it's colder than hell over there.
And thirdly, who the hell wants to go to Ireland for a week anyway?
Right Phil?
But you know, I see these things are deflating.
That's why when DFO came up with that phone call yesterday.
Now, let me just ask you this.
When I was in here with a book, the whole rating book came in yesterday.
They always give me a copy of it because I know how to read it.
And in the middle of a spot, Rick Riley's doing a spot.
I interrupted him in the middle as I'm looking through this book.
And I said, DFO beat the Hummer in the six o'clock.
I remember that.
Two four to two one.
And of course, at that time, I didn't realize men 25 to 54 was 47 to a three seven,
which is, you know, okay.
But even so, those are not in other words, when you got a two four, 12 plus,
I don't care how you break it down.
It doesn't, it doesn't translate to any, no matter what demographic it is,
it's not going to be a giant number.
These sports guys just don't understand that the sports audience.
In other words, if all I ever talked about with sports, which thank God, it's not.
But if that's all I ever talked about, we wouldn't be doing all that great.
Right.
And then DFO looks at me and says, well, you can talk about anything in the audience.
So respond to you.
Right.
Like they do every day here in this first hour when it's like talking to my guy,
damn, periky, if I had one, which they don't.
But anyway, so full, you know, did the, for example, his first hour in this book,
he did very, very well with a four one, sheer 12 plus.
And it let's see, two o'clock in men, 25 to 54.
He's got an eight three at three o'clock.
He's got a seven.
Now that's not on a sports show.
That's like on an entertainment show and it's still 25 to 54 doing seven and eights there.
How you doing, DFO?
See, I just, I get nervous when sports guys try to like compare themselves to other people.
See, to me, Phil Henry deserves to be frustrated because he now,
as I shouldn't be say this, can now I sound like Rick Riley.
I don't want to get him depressed.
But the man works like a son of a bitch on that show.
He works for hours coming up with different and creative and wild and wacky things.
He's just amazing.
And yet this town, which is so slow to accept anybody, he's having a,
he's got a battle on his hands.
The fact that Hank is even competing with him in any hour is an infomnia.
It's a disgrace.
It's a, it's a sham because there's nothing on that hummershow that you're going to learn,
except what the same points,
but they can read in the newspaper on a goddamn Super Bowl.
That's about it.
But there's just something about this town, man.
It's hard to crack him.
It's hard to break through this town.
It's hard to crack through.
They got a crack problem in this town.
It's so I think this town's all about to make the big breakthrough.
It is tougher than nails.
So DFO just continue doing whatever it is you're doing.
If you're going to keep doing the cliches and the monologues, that's up to you.
I'm not telling you how to do you sure.
I don't like that.
I do love by the way, which I told him in the hall, but he looked at me kind of non-plussed.
I do love Thursday when it got Rubin and Hyde on there,
which to me is one of the great sports shows ever been on the radio.
Maybe the best ever in this town.
That's a great thing.
You know why?
Because there are people actually giving opinions and saying something as opposed just
having manwitch on there kissing Don Chula's ass and kissing Brian Cox's parts
and doing stuff like that.
That stuff I think is not productive.
There's no credibility there.
The manwitch, my street, don't have any credibility when it comes to football that
often's because he's a shill.
He is a consummate shill.
And I also articulated these things in the hallway during that hour of rambling and
ranting and wasting my time.
And it didn't sink in.
I don't think there's, you know, where there's no sense, there's no feeling.
DFO, it's not personal.
It's business.
I even told him that in the hallway again yesterday.
He never stole a freight train.
He's an okay guy.
It's not personal.
It's business.
That's it.
But don't put yourself in a same league with Phil Henry
because that makes me very angry.
That's what Michael told Carlo.
You know what I'm saying?
And I got Luca Brotsey waiting for in a car outside.
DFO for a trip to Vegas.
You like going to Vegas?
Lucas out there waiting in a guy damn car with a clemenza.
So anyway, about that arena, we got to do another break first.
Okay, when we come back, I promise I'm going to tell you what I heard yesterday.
And it was not from Jeff Rimmer.
So it might actually be true.
It was from a fairly credible source.
And it looks like some good things are going to happen like very, very soon, like maybe tomorrow.
10, 21.
So we got two things to look forward to tomorrow.
Maybe a really good thing happening in an announcement.
And then also maybe the OJ thing tomorrow night.
Any of you watch the OJ thing on a black entertainment network tomorrow night.
I don't want to start making threats.
Okay.
But we that's why Rick was taking numbers this morning.
We will come to your house and blow you away and everybody in the house.
If you're watching that OJ thing tomorrow night.
Can you imagine anybody in their right mind at this stage of the game that wants to watch another puff piece?
In fact, the way what's promoted on the news last night.
And there's all different kind of stories.
Now what it's going to be is that he's going to be on there to hawk his 2995 video.
That's what it's really all about.
And of course, he's picked BET the black entertainment network because he knows he's going to get nothing
but sympathy and a lot of marshmallows.
Even Larry King never tossed as many marshmallows as he's going to see there tomorrow night.
Did you hear the thing with the guys that were talking to the guys who were going to interview him?
And they said, Oh, no, we were not precluded from asking him any questions.
We were just told which questions he wouldn't answer.
Right. In other words, they've basically laid it out.
This is what I'm going to say and this is what you can ask.
And by the way, don't forget to mention that video a lot.
Now that's really great.
And I heard that Carabee and guy, whatever the hell origin he is that called Rick about nine o'clock this morning.
I get so angry when I hear people like that.
These professional ethnics.
I have never ever heard one Jew defend Bugsy Seagal or Meyer Lansky.
I never heard one Faggot defend John Wayne Gacy or Jeffrey Dahmer.
And yet if a black guy goes out there and commits a violent crime.
And even then this guy also said he was sure that he did it.
But he's still defending it because it's a racial thing.
I'm sorry, brother, but you're going to have to like outgrow that someday.
Or you're going to be doing that step and fetch a routine the rest of your life till they stick your ass in the ground.
You got to transcend that.
You know, Barbara Jordan died the other day.
Barbara Jordan to me was one of the most brilliant people who ever lived on a face of this earth.
I love Barbara Jordan.
I would vote 40 times for Barbara Jordan if she could be alive and running for president,
because she's heads and shoulders above all these other hack politicians.
So if you want to admire somebody who was black, somebody who was brilliant, somebody who had a brain,
somebody who accomplished something in her lifetime, admire Barbara Jordan, not Dion Sanders, not O.J. Simpson,
not Gary Sheffield, not Sammy Smith.
Oh, Sammy's okay.
1023 at W.I.O.D.
You know,
Use talk and entertainment radio.
610 W.I.O.D.
So Sheryl's in here,
Hocking a Chinook about going to the Hocking game when a break runs out.
And I'm trying to do a radio show and she's Hocking a Chinook, okay?
Oh, sorry.
Sorry, Sheryl.
You just seem to have that effect on everybody, sweetheart, especially Jews.
That's what the judge said.
In fact, when I had that trial at time when I was leaving I.N.Z.
I mean, WNWS going I.N.Z.
And the judge, Judge Rifkin, was my judge.
He was a good guy.
I said, this guy, this little Jew guy wins.
He can go back to work.
And I said, by the way, you're married to Sheryl, aren't you?
Like that.
So I guess you have that effect on everybody.
Don't take it personal unless you want to.
So anyway, the story is that I'm hearing is that tomorrow the group that the
Broward County people hired to do the study, the feasibility study on the crunch,
the numbers on the arena, all of a sudden on the tax, the hotel tax,
they're going to make their report and say that it's feasible,
that the money can be raised in yadda yadda yadda.
And they can do this very easily with no pain, no strain.
And they can raise the 185 or 177 million, I think it is.
Whatever the number is.
And they're going to recommend that the county go ahead and do it.
And then the Broward County commissioners allegedly like the next day,
which would be Thursday, are going to have an emergency meeting and at that time
approve the construction of the new arena, at which time, of course,
it would appear that the panthers probably would stay here, even with Wayne still owning them.
Because at that point, he'd have no reason to have to sell them because we're going to have the arena.
Are you following that?
Do you believe that?
That's the obvious question.
Do I believe it?
Well, I don't know, but I'm hoping.
Because it sounds like the first sensible thing I've heard.
And now, of course, it's also interesting that the various sites like the
Sawgrass people had that pull that they propped on everybody yesterday,
which of course the Sawgrass makes the most sense to build it there.
Because I live there and it's easy for me to get there.
And then number two, the one up at Poppano Park with all that land they got adjacent to the track.
I saw Ted Snow on the news last night.
How can I try and think about that and how they're very anxious to try to get the arena built there.
So now it's starting to look like something might happen here.
Wouldn't that be a major miracle, huh?
Would that be major or what?
Yes!
You can say that again.
So that's my rumor of the day.
And like I said, I hope to hell it's true.
1028 at WIOD.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil, I've never been a hockey game them going Saturday.
Yeah.
To the Buffalo game.
Yeah.
And I got tickets through ticket master and row you and the upper deck.
Yeah.
Do they allow you and that arena to move down the empty seats during the game?
No, you know what that's like doing.
It's like calling up the IRS and asking them, would you allow me to cheat a little bit on my taxes?
Do you know what I'm saying?
Why would you ask me a question like that?
I just wondered if it's like JRS for the...
You see, you must have read that re-retired column in a Sunsendless morning about everybody being honest.
I'd rather read a column about people cheating a little bit.
You know what I'm saying?
Just do it discreetly like everybody else does.
Wait a reasonable amount.
And then when all the ushers are sleeping by the middle of the second period, just go wherever you want.
Okay, thanks.
That's a way to do it.
Thank you.
Okay.
Okay, trace the call.
Find out his name.
We'll be watching him at the game.
Okay.
Two open lines in day.
8751 WIOD, the AT&T wireless and mobile one cellular line.
Is the...
Now we got to say that every time now is that to deal?
The AT&T wireless and mobile one cellular line, the purple line.
Whatever you want to call it for, all you mobile people is open.
Pound IOD and 200 green lines.
Okay.
1-800-944-9463.
Look at the excitement and the enthusiasm on this arena thing.
And let me say it again.
This black entertainment thing with OJ tomorrow night.
It's too bad that they couldn't have done it tonight.
Right opposite to two important things that are going on.
The president, state of the union address and the more important thing, the Panthers of Washington.
Okay.
It would be real interesting to find out how many people with those two other options would still watch the OJ crap on black entertainment.
Which is on all the cable systems, I guess.
And there will be those people who will be watching that tomorrow.
Is that a sad comment?
I guarantee I won't.
No way, Jose.
Let's see.
The Leafs are playing Chicago tomorrow night.
There's all kinds of games on.
There's the track tomorrow.
There's all kinds of options.
Okay.
Watching OJ on black entertainment television is not an option for this kid.
No way, Jose.
I don't want to hear from him.
All I want to hear is when they finally start getting the testimony from the civil suit out.
Which Fred Goldman yesterday said there were some interesting things.
But of course, we don't know what they were yet.
That's what I want to start hearing.
I want to start hearing reports of how they nail him to across somewhere and burn his guilty ass.
That's what I want to start seeing.
Here's a Margate.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing, man?
Okay, sir.
I'm a New York Ranger fan.
I know you don't like that.
No, I don't.
But, you know, I love the meds.
Yeah.
And I like the New York Giant.
Oh, yeah.
Why do you got it made all the way around?
Well, you know, everybody else sucks.
Yeah.
And.
But how you doing, man?
I'm rehearsing you a long time.
I used to call you up all the time.
I go to a popular track too.
Yeah.
I've missed you a couple of times up there.
Yeah.
We carry side belt.
Yeah.
Who's this?
This isn't Mitchell, is it?
No, this is Tommy.
Oh, Tommy.
He sounds just like Mitchell's boyfriend or something.
Oh, man.
I ain't got no voice for him.
Yeah, I bet.
And I don't have a girlfriend either.
No, I'm sure that.
Listen, Phil has got this special now on dead bodies.
Couldn't have said it better myself.
Given Quasimodo's home phone number, okay?
Maybe Esmeralda, both of them.
So we have an open line at day 751.
That's our first color day from a real moron, okay?
He's from New York.
Go back where you came from, okay?
All you foreigners like you in New Yorkers.
Go back where the hell you came from already.
Where we going?
We're going to...
Let's see.
Here you do with us with me again today.
This is too old.
Oh, he's got to go this time.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes.
Are you doing nails?
Okay, finger, man.
I called you.
I dare to call you in.
For real things, you know, but I have a problem with my phone.
You had a problem, yeah.
I think you still had your finger in it.
No, I called you to say you're happy to hear.
Well, happy to hear you.
It's only the 20th of the event.
It's only a little bit late, but that's okay.
Better late than ever.
It is not what I tried, but there was...
I couldn't...
Everybody's in the sense to hear what you were saying the other day.
It was all screwed up.
What?
Everybody wanted to...
You know.
Yeah, to you know.
How far you... to be with you.
Well, listen, I think you ought to make a New Year's resolution
finger-anon that is during 1996, keep your finger out of your...
Brackum would be a really good idea.
In order to say...
Yes, yes.
And tell the priest the same thing.
I... I wear it in growth now.
And that's good.
That way I get used now to put my finger away out of it.
Beautiful.
That's great.
That's a good move in the right direction.
Okay.
All right.
Nice finger.
I mean, in nice year.
Okay.
And back to you.
And say hi to Rucker Howard too.
Okay, that's finger-man.
We have an open line in date.
751.
We got one in Broward.
I can see it's going to be a swell four hours today, boys and girls.
But I don't care because I got the 25 to 54 numbers here.
Man, hour by hour.
I can read all of those and I consider it in Gloward like D-Fo is doing.
And guess what?
D-Fo minds a lot bigger than yours is.
My number anyway.
Look at those four hours.
Men 25 to 54, 10am to 2pm, 9.3, 10.5, 9.8, 9.3.
Oh!
It's pretty goddamn impressive to me since there ain't anybody else in the market.
At any hour of any time doing as much even as a nine share.
Okay.
How do you like that, Howie?
How do you like that, everybody?
I'll stand around in the hallway until I find somebody that wants to hear about it.
I'll stand there and read these numbers off.
And tell you how great I am.
Okay, D-Fo?
I'm serious.
That episode yesterday.
I don't know if the man's going through change of life or what it is.
You don't have to convince me, okay?
I want you to beat the Hummer.
I can't stand a Hummer.
I can't stand QAM.
That station makes me sick to my stomach.
In addition to which now that the Hummer's got that new sidekick on here,
who also sounds like a 17 year old,
Pimpley faced retard.
He's going to, he'll take care of that himself for you.
It's an old brainer.
Why do all these people bring these goddamn clowns in there?
And over there they all sound like they were about 10 years old,
sitting there to like fill the time, fill the gap.
Just filling up a lot of idle time.
Here's Lauderdale.
No wait a minute.
What the hell happened to them?
What's going on here on this phone now with Spastic?
Okay, Spastic is where it's at.
Open line and date, 751.
And as soon as George gets the hell offline for all those lines,
I'll be open and brown.
5249463.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Good morning, sir.
Yes, sir.
Were you capable or were you able to read the paper concerning Mr. Heisinga?
Was I capable of reading the paper?
I'm sorry, I meant were you able to?
No, I cannot read.
I apologize for that.
I cannot read.
We're Mr. Wayne, the million dollar a year he was going to donate the catch that they never said anything about.
He wanted all the gross revenues on a yearly basis to go to him.
Yeah.
Did you read that?
No, I did not read that.
Yes, it is for today's front page.
He's going to willing to give him a million dollars a year as long as he gets all the revenues.
So what's wrong with that?
All the revenues?
Sure, all the revenues.
All the gross revenue.
I can't think of anything grosser than that, can you?
Hey, listen, you don't think this guy is Santa Claus anymore, do you?
No, it just takes me off to the fact that they brought the gift that he was going to make to him.
He ain't making no gift.
He never gave anybody anything, okay?
He ain't making no gift.
The charity thing he did, that was nice window dressing.
But you know, everybody needs charitable deductions, you know what I'm saying?
What was Hank's numbers in the afternoon or what were?
What were his number with what?
You want me to go down the whole thing?
No, I mean how lost he was.
He didn't have Lausy, he did okay.
He had the best numbers on QAM.
But that's not saying much, not saying much, but he had the best numbers on QAM.
And bracket two?
Sure he did.
Men 25 to 54.
Let's see, at two o'clock Phil Henry's got an eight-three, Hank has got a one-eight.
Or no, that's Lardass.
The other Lardass.
At three o'clock Phil's got a seven, Hank's got a 2.9.
At four o'clock Phil's got a six, Hank's got a 5.4 as he's eaten more furiously and frantically.
The audience is coming on board.
At five o'clock Hank beats Phil, 5.5 to a 4.6 which is enough to make me sick to my stomach.
And then D-4 at six has a 4.7 and Hank goes back to a 3.7.
So that one average hour in there between five and six has convinced D-4 that D-4 is God,
that Phil is slipping in his old age like the dawn.
And what can I tell you?
Well, D-4 he's a nice guy but he's no Phil.
Have a lovely day.
Very profound, thank you sir.
He's no Phil, how do you like that D-4?
Well, we don't want to knock you back down to size, okay?
It's not personal, you're a good guy.
How many times did I help this guy out?
I came on his guide, Dan Radio show, to talk cocky because he didn't know much about it.
He's still thinking about Eddie Jackman and Gump Worsley, okay?
You can't live in the past forever.
Didn't I go on at Make Believe show with his auntie C.I. and at Monday night that they picked me up in the limo
and slept me over there into that very marginal neighborhood and then invited strange people to come running in there and get $100.
Didn't give me no $100.
Gave me like a certificate for like hooters or someplace that I never would go to.
By the way, the guys in Venegans, the waiters were shorts.
What's wrong with that?
What's wrong with having good looking waiters in shorts?
Is there something wrong with a place that the faggots can go and look at a guy?
Maybe a woman might be interested in going?
What's wrong with that?
We have an open line in Dade, 751 W.I.O.D.
Your enthusiasm here today is just contagious.
I want to hear a lot of really paranoid people talking about O.J. again here today.
And I'm going to get really pissed off and psychotic.
I want to hear from just one person that's going to watch that DREC on TV the more on it.
And then I want to hear from one person that's going to go out there and buy that video February 1 when it comes out for sale like an eight days from now.
That'll be the biggest closet purchase in the history of mankind.
By the way, speaking of closet purchases, we got another 200 bucks in the mail today.
200 bucks, that's like 10.
Isn't that exciting?
So we're up to 143,522 for center one now.
We got eight days left to come up with that last 6478 bucks, whatever it is, to make 150 grand.
We're going to be at borders in Kendall 1 to 3 this Saturday afternoon, 1 to 3 candlelets just south of Dadeland.
We're going to be there, Rick will be there, Phil will be there, Sudds will be there, I'll be there.
The gods of Mishbhaha will be there.
Fat Rich will probably be there because he lives right down here anyway and he'll get some free food.
But that's our last gasp, that's our last major thing.
But in the meantime, I'm looking at the mail every day expecting this avalanche, even Patrick Wad never saw an avalanche like I'm waiting for to come in the mail.
A flood of these $20 checks for center one as a way of the audience saying thanks Neil on your 20th anniversary for 20 years of coming in and puking your brains out in this goddamn town.
It's resistant to anything that just doesn't want to play the goddamn game.
That's as dead as a door nail.
Thank you so much.
Here's a dollar a year, even though we may not have listened all 20 years, it will just throw it in there anyway because it's not for you.
It's for a charity.
And I'm still waiting for most of you to get off your dead ass.
Make the checkout to center one 20 bucks.
Some have done 40 some have done 60 one did a hundred.
That's great.
The more the merrier, mail it to Neil Rogers W.I.O.D. Miami 33141.
All you need is the name of the collaters in the city with a zip code.
That's pretty simple.
Miami 33141.
You can't get any simpler than that.
But most of you won't do it.
Now of course, if you already you know, bought your CDs and stuff like that, that's fine.
But I know the overwhelming majority.
We didn't do that either.
And you know which crowd didn't really do it.
And that's the older part of the audience, the closet audience that we have out there as we discovered a few of them yesterday.
Which believe me, I'm not asking you to call again because that was more than I could handle.
But there are the closet ones out there.
If we were still doing Camilo's house, I guarantee I had a flood of those 20 dollar checks in here.
The mailman would have a triple hernia.
He'd be doing a bypass operation right now in his goddamn groin.
From having a hernia bringing those bags of checks in here.
But because it's for center one and for people with AIDS right away, uh-oh, well we know where he's coming from.
It's a fag thing, right?
I feel sorry for you.
Okay, I feel real sorry for so many of you.
1039 and WYOD.
WYOD is a matter of fact.
Did you see there doing that thing now?
Would Jupiter with the planet Jupiter?
And they got the little thing on here.
Oh, and also the thing with a space shuttle.
Did you see was it on 60 minutes on Sunday night?
I think it was where Leslie Stahl was talking to the parents and then they had another feature on it yesterday.
And a space shuttle was just murdered by Ronald Reagan because he was going to talk about it in his, uh, you know, the teacher on a shuttle in a state of the union address.
And so, you know, come hell or high water.
And a matter of the fact that there was all that ice on a thing and the old rings they knew were going to like, in fact two of the engineers that worked on a project said they knew what was going to blow up.
And of course not only that, but it didn't really blow up when the explosion took place.
All the components of the shuttle like separated and like went off in their own little directions.
And so the capsule that the astronauts were in came hurtling down crashing down to earth and they died a wicked horrible death.
In fact, wasn't Rick last week one day reading about the fact that they got the black box.
Right. They had to.
And they had to.
Oh, and the whole.
Oh, Jesus.
Horrendous.
And they knew it on there too.
One of the astronauts was yelling.
I told them.
I told them.
Isn't that great?
Yeah.
So here was a human sacrifice by Ronald Reagan, which of course being the good religious guy that he is.
But guess what?
He forgot about it.
Here is Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
I wanted to ask you.
I've never been to the arena for a hockey game, but is it pretty good anywhere you sit?
Or fairly good?
What do you mean is it pretty good anywhere you sit?
I mean, what kind of a question is that?
Well, I mean, how far away is there some states that it's like any other sporting event.
There are some seats that are better than others.
The upper deck is not like 10 miles away.
The upper deck you still can see what's going on.
Unlike other places, you know, other arenas.
Like some other arenas where like I gigantic, and when you're sitting way, way up in the back,
like in Tampa and at gigantic barn that they've got, if you're sitting way up in the back,
you need a good pair of binoculars and a telescope and stuff like that.
Okay.
So the couple we think of.
And Christopher Columbus?
Yeah.
A couple weeks ago, Heizingle was on a ESPN, radio on the weekend, and he was saying how terrible the arena was,
and it's a terrible place to watch a hockey game.
No, it is not a terrible place to watch a hockey game.
It's just too small, and it can't make any money.
There is not the arena.
If you could just enlarge the arena.
If you had a magic wand and you could just enlarge it, the arena would be perfect.
I mean, a lot of people don't like the location because they're paranoid and psychotic,
but the location isn't all that bad.
Yeah.
I mean, it's in a bad area, but in terms of getting there, it's not hard to get to.
So in terms of, if this was like 20 years ago, it would be a greater arena.
Smaller arenas, you have, it's better, I'd rather see a smaller arena.
Right.
Right.
I would have been in the park.
And if it was 20 years ago, they could probably make money with it because they wouldn't be paying these salaries.
But when the city of Miami built it again with no foresight, they said,
let's build it smaller because we'll never be able to put 18 or 20,000 people in there.
And if we build it that big with that many seats, it'll look empty all the time.
So instead of having a little bit of foresight and planning ahead,
when the day would come that we actually had a basketball and a hockey team,
and wanted to put a lot of people in there and make some money, they build it smaller,
which is their mentality here.
Everything has to be smaller.
Not only that, it's what they only have like 14 boxes.
Right.
Like the boxes.
Right. That was the biggest.
And there's no way to enlarge it because the building itself just isn't big enough to do it.
So you can thank the politicians in Miami for the mess that we're in right now.
Yeah.
It's crazy mess.
Like I said yesterday, even the mugwumps in Tampa are building a big, brand new arena downtown.
And a nose pick in place like that, they're building a beautiful state of the art arena with a crappy team like they got.
And here we are sitting on pins and needles of praying that something good happens.
Yep. The same.
All right.
I love your show, man.
OK, pal. Thank you.
See you.
We have two open lines in Dade 751 WIOD.
They're recalcitrant again here today.
They're pretty slow, two and powered 5249463.
One on a green line, 1-800-944-WIOD.
Phil Henry, I know your listing.
Just keep in mind.
Just keep saying to yourself, this is the toughest goddamn place on the face of the earth.
This is the most intractable, the most immovable.
Don't let it get you down, Mr.
even though you're no Jeff DeForest.
Here's for Lauderdale on the purple line.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
That's the 18-T wireless mobile one-sided line.
Yes.
How you doing, Neil?
OK, sir.
I just want to know with all this talk about building the arena down and sunrising everything.
Yeah.
You think it's going to happen and you think the Panthers are going to stay?
What did I just get through saying like 15 minutes ago?
So I wasn't listening about that.
There you go.
See if you had been listening.
I would have told you that the rumor raised that tomorrow they're going to have a meeting.
And this consultant firm that the county hired to do the crunch study on the numbers
is going to say it's feasible that they can raise the money with no problem at all
and they're going to recommend that the county goes ahead and do it.
And then on Thursday, or maybe even tomorrow afternoon,
the county commission is going to have an emergency meeting and vote to it to build it.
Yeah, but that's the popular rumor.
Did you were saying that Heiseng has already done deal that they're moving the Panthers?
I said, no, I did not say that.
I said, that's what I've been told.
OK.
I mean, I've been told a million different things, OK?
Yeah.
All right.
Listen.
If I knew, I would tell you, adamantly, for sure, absolute, this is what it is.
Nobody knows.
Only He knows and maybe a handful of his inner henchmen.
And he's keeping his all in suspense.
Right.
Listen, let me ask you something.
I got a nail for a traffic ticket on the weekend.
Yeah.
And I hear you're talking about these ticket defense guys all the time.
Do they guarantee that you get, they get you off on it?
Of course not.
Of course not.
You can't guarantee it, but I just, just short of guarantee.
Oh, would you have that?
They're pretty damn good.
Would you have another number or something?
1-800-946-832-7.
Is that the right number?
741.
What did I say?
9-something.
Oh, well, that's another number.
1-800-741-Team-TEAM-TEM-18741-8326.
Great.
Thank you.
Did I cut any of the same numbers I gave you?
Maybe one or two.
Maybe one or two.
OK. Good luck, pal.
And slow down.
What number did I give?
941.
That's probably somebody's number.
I know.
Let's call it and see if they're home.
We have an open line on the AT&T Wireless Mobile One Cellular Line.
And see, there's another example, a clutter with that douchebag with that Steve Nichol.
If we have to keep saying that 400 times, what is that?
What is it?
Oh, thanks so much, Bob Green and Cheryl and whoever else.
And he probably is in on Donut 2.
Oh, maybe he'll sign the check.
So anyway, in fact, every time I get my paycheck and his signature is on there, I go,
it's just a joke when you relax for crying out loud, just a joke, Mitch.
So anyway, it's 1048 at WI.
But when you get out of here before you dig and put the thing up on here,
it's 144,000.
Stand up on the ladder there.
OK, be a real man.
Stand up on the ladder and do something constructive for once in your life.
I want the 143 change to 144,522.
With your finger, OK, I'm sure you've had your fingers on things dirtier than what's up there on a board.
OK.
So just wipe that little three off the grease board and make it into a four.
OK, Quattro.
In Italian or esponial, Quattro.
Fear.
The only fear we have to fear is fear on the board, as they say in German.
1049 at WIOD.
OK, so that new center won total out of the WIOD, finally,
ponied up that thousand bucks, which is long overdue.
It's 144,522.
We're going to make the 150 grand.
But of course, now that's going to take like 15 people out there that were getting ready to send in their $20 checks.
And they'll sit back and say, oh no, he'll make it without me.
I need that 20.
I got to go to the track tonight.
Well, guess what? The tracking and opening night. How do you like that?
So let throws that excuse right out the window, huh?
Nice going.
And you can't go tomorrow night because you got to stay home and watch OJ.
Here's a bokeh. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir. How you doing?
Great.
Yeah, I like your show and I like coming down to the arena and saying hi to you.
And I just got one thing to say to your friend, John,
so I have to call on you, Dave, man.
Bye.
Oh my God.
You know who that is?
That's that asshole, Paul.
See, not only is he make a clown out of himself.
I don't want to see a Paul. Just go away.
Here's a guy that just doesn't, doesn't get the message.
Just go away. Don't go away, man.
Just go away.
And John and I are sitting there at the game the other night.
He comes out, oh, hi, Dave.
Well, guess what?
That ain't Dave. That's John.
Okay. And he don't really care that you call him John or Dave or just don't call him anything at all.
Just go away. Okay.
Like this guy's writing my life's story.
Like all these other people out there that think they know something.
They're all like, they got.
Oh, yeah.
They got a wild imagination because they have no life.
Is it gonna be fun for their own?
It's your own life, Paul.
That would be a really good idea.
Okay?
So go to the games and go in your own section.
Alright, please.
Jesus. God Almighty.
This is a phone call.
This is the kind of thing you get out of here in Miami.
I really love coming out of the games and saying, hi, do ya?
I don't want to say hi, do ya?
I want to say, bye, do ya.
See ya?
Get outta here!
We have an open line in.
Dayed 7-5-1 W YOD, and 2 on the green lines.
How come in, as we have so many assholes call on those green lines?
can you explain that to me?
How come we have so many chronic misfits who can't find a life up there in Palm Beach County?
Well, I guess it speaks for itself, don't it?
I mean, if Greg B. Del can be doing a 7.8-year 12-plus on the morning on WGNO, I think that speaks volumes for Palm Beach County.
Not that I have anything again, Greg, but just get out of my face as well.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
He's an O'John for Cocked the Tour.
Right.
Good morning, Neil.
The Pantas will stay in flip.
We have an open line in date, 7.51. That's Woody.
Okay?
All we're getting is misfits here.
You know, you're not going to fool me.
This ain't the Phil Henry show with Andy on there.
Sick in the Al Rogers and Woody and people like that on here.
This is the Near Rogers show with George Sick in Woody on Neil.
I'm sorry.
Open line in Broward, 524, WIOD and 2 on the green lines.
Let's talk to somebody in Palm Beach who's not a goddamn misfit, okay?
Let's talk some heavy-duty crap with somebody that's got a brain in Palm Beach.
Is that possible?
Who's not a chronic?
Who's not one of these goddamn pains in the ass that we just can't get rid of out there?
See, think about this radio station that really cracks me up.
Is I sit here and I scream and I rant and I rave and of course you would think that if I scream louder, more people are going to listen.
Well, radio doesn't turn on spontaneously.
Now, maybe we could invent a new radio that the louder you scream, somebody's radio will turn on to your frequency automatically if you scream loud enough.
You know what I'm saying?
We can make it into a screaming contest.
Not going to do this for you.
We got the biggest screamers right here.
Or is that a Channel 7?
But it just doesn't work that way.
But hey, so in other words, we're trying to make something out of nothing.
We're trying to make goddamn mistakes.
Shout to everybody on out of dog droppings because there ain't no marketing going on.
There ain't nobody going out and tapping somebody on the shoulder, which is one of the reasons that Phil Henry is ready to blow his brains out and not doing what he ought to be doing because of the fact that nobody ever said anything about it.
Forget about Rick and Suds because God forbid we should mention that they're on the year.
So you see, there is something about having been here for 20 years and that is that there actually are a few people that know that I'm on the year here.
Which if there weren't, I'd be sitting down there with a two-shear also.
Here's for a Saturday on the Purple Line.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
You were talking about the NASA stuff and the Pluto thing or the Jupiter thing.
Yeah.
I don't know if you heard the scientists this morning talking about the fact that they have discovered that they didn't know what they were talking about the planet before.
Yeah.
And now that they think maybe on one of the moons, there might actually be organisms that are living things.
Yeah.
And we'll never hear about that when due to the religious rights they'll never go.
Yeah.
So there.
What do you know which moon it's on, don't you?
Uranus.
It's a moon.
Have a great day, pal.
Hi.
Yeah, that's right.
We don't want, because then they'll have to start explaining that away.
We don't want to, you know, we've already got enough problems trying to explain away all these other silly fairy tales from the Bible.
But now they're going to have to start explaining away.
Well, he works in mysterious ways.
Satan put that, uh, some of the story.
Satan put the goddamn moon there.
That's right.
Satan put the cockamoon out there.
Hockamoon.
And he's the one responsible and there must be all demon devils out there on the, uh, on Jupiter's moon or on the moon.
How about the moon on Uranus?
We have an open line at day 751 W.I.O.D.
We still got two on the green lines.
You know, I think we can solve the green line problem.
Okay.
Like I said, no more geeks in misfits called that we can take those lines out because I think that's all we got up there.
Oh, it's nice coming and seeing you at the honky games.
By the way, apologize to John for calling them Dave.
Yeah, you know something.
He hasn't been the same since that game.
You know what?
He just has been so depressed and walking around shaking his head.
He thought he was a celebrity.
He thought he was a major personality in the market.
And now he's like Dave.
Unbelievable.
Jesus shows a fat and the Esther man.
It's just a killer.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neal, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Happy anniversary, man.
It's coming.
It's coming.
And the anniversary too.
March 1st, it's getting close.
You know, it's like five weeks away.
Yeah, that's right.
God, I can imagine.
I can envision the wild bash that's going to go on in this place.
I haven't listened to you since 1988.
All right.
I'm staying with you.
Okay.
I was watching a figure stating last week.
You know what?
Talk about desperate.
I know there's nothing else.
But you know that guy James Brown.
Yeah, that sure do.
You know, James Brown, he's the all around black guy on there.
The token black guy.
That's what he knows about his a little bit about football.
He knows nothing about any other sport.
They even had him on a hockey all-star game Saturday.
He knows nothing.
Well, he compared Scott Hamilton.
He said that figure stating has Scott Hamilton
and baseball has Cal Ripken.
Oh, yeah.
So that gets to turn in orange as the hampleter.
James Brown wouldn't know Scott Hamilton from his record.
I'll tell you that right now.
And let me ask you a question.
Yeah.
Thinking about going to either Rome or Florence.
Yeah.
What do you think is the best both?
Both.
You want to know why?
Can I tell you why?
Because no matter which one you go to,
how long are you going to go for?
Thinking about going about a week.
Oh, well, for crying out loud, you hop on the train.
The train's leaving like every hour from going both ways.
Right.
I called you about.
I told you I went to Venice a year ago.
Right.
But like I said, you hop on the train.
The train ride is like about an hour and 20 minutes.
Something like that.
It's supposed to be longer.
But it's only about an hour and 25 minutes.
And it's great.
And you know, you can spend the whole day in Florence.
And then like seven, eight o'clock at night, go back to Rome.
Yeah.
This is like the best time to go like in March, I guess.
Right.
The weather's great.
It is?
I don't know.
March?
Yeah.
It'll be a summer time.
No, the best time would be to go like in April, late April or in May.
It's going to be chilly in March.
Oh, yeah.
All right, Neil.
Thanks a lot.
Good luck to you, pal.
All right.
Take it easy.
Okay.
See you in forensic.
But then of course there's that Italian guy that called Phil a couple of days ago.
Now that I don't know why that sticks out in my mind.
But it was just such an inane thing for somebody to say.
The topic was something about the bilingualism.
Phil had one of his voices on there.
And this guy's, well, I'm a titan, but I sure would never go to Italy.
Well, what does that mean?
That's like saying, I'm a Spanish, but I would never go to Spain.
By the way, anybody ever been to Spain?
Madrid, Barcelona?
Well, I want to hear from somebody who's been to Spain.
I get too many conflicting reports.
And of course you got to find out for yourself.
You got to find out for yourself what it's all about.
I think Spain would be pretty interesting.
Of course, if I want to hear a bunch of people babbling in Spain,
you'll, of course, if you go to a Barcelona, they don't speak Spanish.
They speak Castilian with a speech effect.
In addition to which the Castilian is not just different from Spanish in terms of the fact
they got their tongue all jammed up in their thing.
But the language is different too.
There are some things that are different.
They speak it really, really fast.
It sounds like one big story.
You like that?
You know, something like...
Uh-huh.
Oh, I feel like I was stuck in a hallway with a default again.
Like that.
I have no idea what language he was speaking to.
He was just out of control.
He's trying to like validate himself as a human being.
You're okay in my book, DFO.
Okay?
Everybody listen to Sports Talk on 610, W-I-O-D, from 6 to 8.
Oh!
I've always said that.
But now he wants me to like say stuff that I don't believe.
Like I love those monologues.
I hate those monologues.
I hate the cliches.
But that's your thing.
Just do it.
Just do what you want to do.
Feel good about it.
You're beaten to hum or y'all to be gray.
You ought to be happy, okay?
In any language, but just get out of my face.
More annoying than Latoya Jackson.
W-I-O-D.
Oh!
I was talking entertainment radio.
610, W-I-O-D.
Don't be understanding that I was jumping front of a bullet from the cold.
Yeah!
G-B has got a lady named Katty Lee.
Everybody thinks that she is squeaky clean.
I'm gonna go a cover now and be a thing.
Katty's just a snob that thinks it's not a thing.
And that she says she's gonna often leave her show.
Well, baby, just pack up all your things and go, go, go.
I hope you understand that.
You're up.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean it.
No.
Don't tell me old Frank is a loving sheen.
We said I want more time and baby, I'm gonna scream.
I'm Monday night football, he's as good as death.
That ain't much going on in little Frank.
He said, go, go.
Oh!
G-B, Katty, go, go.
That reach to the show.
No.
Just go, Katty, go, go.
No.
G-B, Katty, go, go.
Nobody's that good.
Go, go, go.
Go, Katty, go.
Love it all, 6 at WYOT.
Happy Tuesday from all your good pizons over here.
We're pretty lonely though these days because we're just sitting out there on a limb waiting for somebody to chop it off.
You know how that works?
Don't forget, by the way, this Sunday morning from 6 to 9, Steve Nickel talks to extremely old people on the A Weekend magazine.
Now, here's the thing that somebody left in my box, which is kind of a bizarre.
And it's from the Harold on Sunday, January 21st from the neighbors sectionized, who this is?
Is this what this is?
It's got to be.
So anyway, I don't know which neighbors it's in, probably like somewhere in dates, some like Bogus neighborhood.
And it says she helps match pets with a perfect home.
And it's got a picture here.
But anyway, the article says her fifth grade students at Medolain Elementary School in Hylia respectfully call her Miss Jacobs.
Those who listen to W.I.O.D.'s Neil Rogers have heard the radio personality refer to her jokingly as Susan the schoolteacher
and otherwise reserved young woman who turns into a rabid doll fan when she takes her seat next to Rogers at your Rabi Stadium.
But her largest and most avid leads into the virus don't know her name.
Their dogs and cats at Dead County Animal Shelter.
Every Saturday for the past five years, Susan Jacobs drive to the shelter from a Pember Pine, so I'm going to help care for abandoned lost and abused animals, yaddy-addy-addy.
And then on the it's got a big picture of her kissing a couple of puppies and it says pampering pets to be Nancy Jacobs cuddles a couple of puppies at the shelter.
Well, guess what? I don't call her Susan the schoolteacher.
I call her Nancy the schoolteacher because her name is Nancy like it says by the picture, but on the rest of the article keeps calling her Susan.
God damn it.
So you can wipe your ass with this here, OK?
Even in a puff piece in a neighbor's section, they can't get a thing right.
Susan Jacobs, my ass, so I high-nancy the schoolteacher and don't hold it against them.
OK, they just and it's written by some binbed called Sue Mullin, who's probably another one of those $1 an hour stringers that they got.
Another elementary school kid writing in a newspaper.
See, the schools around here don't need to have their own newspapers because most of those kids can already write for the herald in a sun sentinel.
Here is the Hollywood. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
Hey, what's happening? Hey, I was listening last night with the game on the other station, which I had to because the game wasn't on.
Those guys who do that game, they're stupid, OK, like the panther's score.
Right? Yeah.
And it's like, oh wow, there's a goal of the panther's score.
But on the other hand, the flyers went to fire's score.
It was like, oh, unbelievable. You got to watch these flyers.
I doubt that. You know, I doubt that. Oh, yeah, I doubted.
Well, those people are supposed to be the panther's station.
Yeah. They need to scrap themselves.
OK, well, scrap this. OK, you're a hell of a collar.
We have an open line in Broward 524. See, there's a guy that thinks he's going to ingratiate himself with me by making comments.
And he don't even make the right comments because of course, Chris Moore, we don't even want to go into it.
By the way, Fred Cusick and Derek Sanderson are both on oxygen this morning.
Man, I love Fred Cusick. He was one of the, he is one of the all-time greatest.
But I'm going to tell you he is so close to death.
He's closer to death than George Burns.
And they say George is taking intravenously.
But I mean poor Fred and last night Derek is all he does is cry now the whole game.
Every time there's a penalty on the Bruins, oh, we was robbed.
He's getting like Johnny most. And of course, he's dead too.
But man, those two. And of course, when the Bruins blew that 6 to 4 lead in the last 52 seconds
and then Mario got that breakaway and scored that great exciting goal and overtime in a Penguin's winnet.
It sure would have been nice to hear Mike Lang, but of course the penguins weren't televising last night either.
What a goddamn bad break that is.
Here's Mimey Springs. Hello.
Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir.
I only work in Miami Springs and I'm happy to say I live in sunrise.
And I got my fingers crossed.
Yes, sir. I think the next couple of days we may have some good news.
Big and high.
I keep fan, especially Panthers fan and I'm, I'm ready for them.
Right.
I know you don't read the Harold, but I was at breakfast this morning.
And I was reading through it.
And there's something interesting on page 8a if you have one available.
What is it?
Because I don't feel like standing up.
Not for the Harold. I don't stand up and reach over and grab it.
Yeah, I usually sit down on the paper.
It's a bunch of letters that people wrote in about the media switching over during the Clinton press conference.
Oh, yeah.
Like I said, I got to see that.
Oh, yeah, I was going to say, I mean, I wouldn't have called unless it was something you really wanted to say.
Something really important.
Yeah, something pertinent to the pay.
Here's the Sun Sentinel, which you already got 45 copies of that.
Here's the Miami Harold. How do you like that?
Page 8a.
Oh, what a nice colorful front page too.
Oh, good.
Makes me feel just like a USA today and the Harold all wrapped up in one.
Page 8a editorial page.
Yep.
And interrupting president for a coach was appalling.
How about it?
All right.
Here's one.
We may do something.
It certainly was refreshing to hear from the two largest egos in the US rather than listen to important subjects such as the US budget environment, child welfare.
No wonder people are worried about morals, values and priorities as Mary and Miami.
All right, Mary.
There's another one.
There's another one.
I realized that South Florida is very interested in the dolphins coach, but the president's actions and the countries need their far more importance as Doris and Sunrise.
All right, Doris.
Have local TV stations lost their grip on reality.
Says Cheryl and keep a skein.
I guess the budget troops in Bosnian whitewater really take second place to the importance of a football coach being arts is Alan Miami.
Itta Boy Al.
And there's another one from Abby and Miami.
Thank God there's one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight letters here all ripping and tearing to goddamn local media here for bringing a bunch of irresponsible butt plugs interrupting the president of the US for a goddamn stupid football coach press conference, which we knew already ahead of time.
We are not alone, Neil.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, sir. I never would have seen it.
I know that, but in closing, Dave Kennedy, you're a douchebag.
Okay.
See you, buddy.
See ya.
Yeah, how do you like that?
I'm not the only one.
Of course, maybe some of those people are old parts who generally are the ones that write the letters to the editor, but hey, the old parts may know something.
Okay, like me, I'm a pretty old fart.
And like I said, then, and I'll say it again now, I don't care who the president is.
Even if he's a senior old fart like Ronald Reagan was a senior old, fascist right wing extremist like him.
If the president is on there, you can wait another 15 minutes before Chrome, Dome and Jimmy with all the hair.
How about if Jimmy instead of doing it the other way?
How about if Jimmy just gives up his hair and puts it on Wayne's head?
That would be cute, huh?
Let's see that picture with Wayne with Jimmy's hair on it.
I think that would be sweet as it gets.
Maybe, and maybe a Zit transplant.
It's 11th, 13th at WIOD.
Hi, I'm Rick Riley.
And I'm Suds Coleman.
We're founders of Black Entertainment Television or BET.
Named after us when they heard that we were taking it over Rick and Suds, we wouldn't listen to them on a bet.
Oh, there's the name.
Wow, see us tonight at 10.
Oh, man.
Rick and Suds, 6 to 10 a.m. on News Talk and Entertainment Radio, 610 WIOD.
Kill Nicole.
During his trial, O.J. Simpson desperately wanted to tell his story without being bothered by a little something called cross-examination.
I would not, could not, and did not commit these crimes.
Well, now, O.J. has finally found a way to come clean, a way that doesn't bother with ethics or common sense, and can make a fuck in the process.
And if you order now, you'll receive this video with O.J.'s True Story.
Coming soon to a TV near you, O.J. Simpson's Miss Info Mershaw.
Could you tell us about your video, Juice?
I'll show that. It's me, sitting in my backyard so nobody could be yelling things like murder at me, trying to worm my way back into the hearts of America.
Sounds good. Let's give a listen.
Oh, and I was prosecuted as how could a woman who changes her hairstyle every day be telling the truth.
Hard-hitting stuff, O.J.
You bet, baby. And if you're watching my Miss Info Mershaw, pull out 29.95 for my video now.
O.J. Simpson's Miss Info Mershaw.
If you were baffled by the burning, Winkle, you try to figure out why anyone would buy this.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Tell me another one, Cheryl.
So anyway, it's 11.17. Tell her that story, by the way. She'll get a kick out of it.
So there's our new total for center, $145,000.
152 bucks. Okay, we're going to make that $150 if we have to make Cheryl give up the last five grand.
Well, she's got a rich ex husband.
You got another one. Okay, let's tell it on the air.
Come on. Okay, get a 90 share guaranteed.
Do it on DFO show. He gets it all at heavy sports.
We have an open line and Broward 5249463.
I'm not doing no break right now. Okay, but come back.
You'll tell me during the break. Okay, let's do the break.
No, it's just a joke. It's just a little joke. We got a radio show going on here.
It's more important than hearing some gossip from Cheryl.
That's got some some spicy story again about somebody's doing who and who's putting this wear and what it looked like and who was all over the place at the time.
That was the most. I mean, seriously, you can you could stop.
You could sit in a corner and just think about that for hours and try to like, you know, conjure up in your mind what that was really all about.
Here's and it was not a compliment either. Cheryl, I don't want you to take it personally, but I don't think that's a compliment with somebody is like doing you and they're going.
There's like some message in there. Oh God.
Every do anybody and while you were doing it, we were all over it like in a towel, which you brought the towel ahead of time because you knew you were going to be all over the place.
That's a pretty sexy. Here's North Miami Beach. Hello radio radio. Don't hang up. I just came. What was that? Remember that radio.
Oh, your memories better than mine. It's an ancient. Yeah. Oh, they brought a memory when you started talking about what's happening with Phil and the demos.
I am so pissed off about the Phil Henry numbers, man. And I've never, you know, ordinarily, I don't try to like, you know, everybody's got to do their own thing, but Phil Henry is so God damn good in the fact that even in one hour, Hank beats him out there in any demo is so unacceptable.
It's it's an in fact that you said it best before when you had a really high rating one month in the next month. It was like no right and it's got to be impossible. Every guy I know every friend I have listens to you and then Phil there you go.
Like I said 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Sorry, Rick. Now you're going to get Rick going again. One day it was Rick the next day. It was D.F.O. Well, I was a good guy, but when I come in here in the morning on their show, you know, myself. I start doing stuff.
I listen to I listen to Rick and so it's but yeah, but not well. Why don't you say that to make him feel better to make him feel better?
Well, that's true. That's true. Him and D.F.O. they ought to go they had to both go to school and get a person on or something. I definitely definitely.
I just wanted to let you know that that you know everyone I know listens to you and have felt all the time. This is B.A. and you know what?
Well, you know what I think Phil is not getting credit for the some people in the diary. They probably put down Steve Warnell. They put down Margaret.
They're putting down all these other people. The Phil could get all the diaries that they put in the other names. He'd probably have a 15 share.
It's all these other guys, right? Right. I'm telling you because these people out there is if I have to tell you are dumber than dust.
Oh, tell me about it today. I tried to get a trucking company to ask the on asked them if they shipped the Rhode Island. She asked me to spell Rhode Island.
Yeah. In fact, I just found Freddie Cruz also added two share in the afternoon. He's not even on the air. The gentle breeze.
By the way, do you know that Cleveland Clinic ad did you running? Have you listened to it? Do I know what?
I'm playing. Are you going to talk to me about Dr. Moon?
Yeah.
Please. I was just thinking during that last news. It's just a matter of time before somebody calls about Dr. Harry Moon.
Well, listen, he must be a hell of a guy to walk around with a name like that. You know what I'm saying? Have a great day.
You would have gone on to it. Huh? I thought you would have gone on to it. You know, you would have said something about it.
What am I going to say is a sponsor. I'm going to start making fun of Dr. Moon. You know, his brother is, don't you?
No. Have a great day. He doesn't know who his brother is. It's just, you see, these people got a sense of humor. Right away, it is going to get a phone called you.
You hear what he said? Yeah. The doctor. Any like I said, anybody that has a name like that has a sense of humor. Dr. Harry Moon and his brother.
He's a good guy. So anyway, I guess we can write them off. We have an open line in date, 751 WOD, one on a green line, 18944.
And don't forget we got it's full now, but the AT&T wireless and mobile one cellular line too, which I usually call the purple line.
But we got to call it the other thing because we love our friends in mobile one cellular at AT&T and whoever else we love.
And Steve Nichol wants us to kill a lot more time pretty soon. If we can just get a few more trips going and a few more tragic trips and a few more of these long phone lines with big long names on them.
We can just do the breaks and give all the stuff and then never take a call and never do any show. Sounds okay to me. It's 1121 at WOD.
Use talk and entertainment radio. 610 W I O D.
That's what's up, Yoke. There is a group of people out there that are being persecuted for their good sense.
A group of people who give higher priority to health than fashionability.
And they are those who suffer from hat hair. Why are they ridiculed? Simply because they refuse to cave in to social pressures and wear hats and cold weather.
These people should not be ridiculed. They should be saluted.
Yes, it would be nice if we all tipped our caps to these people. It would be nice. But then we'd all have hat hair like them and who wants that?
I'm sorry. I know you can lose 80% of your body heat through your head. But hey, that's a small price to pay.
If we're not looking like a dork. Oh, go ahead. Make one of them. They deserve it. Don't they realize that the rest of us who don't wear hats are going to have colds and be coughing and sneezing in their direction.
They're going to get sick anyway. So why? Why risk hat hair in the first place? It's better to look like a fool. They look like a fool.
Oh, speaking of cool. So last night on MSG, the Ranger Shield Network, which carries the Ranger games. So before the game on the pregame show, they had like that L-Trowick was a real Canadian asshole.
And he was doing this thing about the fan reaction to the Fox tracks on the All Star Game Saturday night. And of course there were some people saying, oh, yeah, it was okay. And then there were some saying it was disgusting and grotesque and glenhealy of the Ranger was saying it really sucked and we don't need it.
And then guess who liked it the most. I'll give you one guess as to which group of people liked it the most.
Little kids. They had two little. Oh, it was cool. It was one like eight year old kid and one like nine year old girl. And they thought it was cool. So like I said, Fox up your ass. And the host of that show, which I don't know what his name is on MSG, who's a good guy, he said it sucked.
He said, Fox, you'd be committed for the technology in this in any of it, but it really sucked and it was distracting. Please don't ever do it again.
And the fact that there are people, I just am in shock. The fact that there are some people try to say, now, oh, yeah, it was really great. It was not only not great. It's unacceptable for the All Star game is like a once in a lifetime thing.
Fine. I could handle that. It was it was okay for one time thing. But if they really plan on doing that like again, which they do, I mean somebody up needs to be murdered at Fox.
Absolutely unacceptable. It changes the whole nature of the game that you see on television. Into a goddamn video game. I don't want no goddamn hockey video game. If I want it, I'll go. I'll go out and buy Wayne Gretzky's hockey video number two or whatever. I'll buy a hockey video game. If that's what I want to see.
You jackasses. Oh, it was really cool, man. Okay, whatever you say. Here's for a lot of day on the purple AT&T wireless mobile one cellular and not the other guy's line.
Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir about the hockey game the other night. I'm a Bruins fan go up there in Boston area my whole life. Yes, sir. I thought the game was great, but I don't think what to serve the MVP. Why not? Well, it did be.
He played in all like game, but I thought one of the two goalies in the third period that has to go potman deserved it. They did a fantastic game. I don't think so. I mean, they did play a fantastic game, but they didn't, you know, they they weren't responsible for the outcome of the game. You know, in a game like that, where there were a lot of people that played well, you've got to look for somebody who's got the edge who did something that like, you know, resulted in winning the game. And since he scored the winning goal, I think he deserved it. Okay, well, that's just your point. I think I think it was a nice touch. You know, I mean, you know, I think it was a nice touch. You know, I mean, you know, I think it was a nice touch. You know, I think it was a nice touch. You know, I mean, you know, I think it was a nice touch. You know, I think it was
a nice touch. You know, I think right in all 17 years in Boston, they all love him and it was a nice thing. Oh yeah, I'll agree with you that there. And about the Fox track, I didn't think, accounted for it. Except for when there was a shot and the goalie made to save, and it would go up in the year, most times you don't see that you lose it with the Fox track. Once the goalie makes a save and it goes off into the stands, I know we looked a little interesting, but otherwise I couldn't care for it. Okay. Thanks a lot. Well, listen to me. You can really do your job.
childhood you love it. We have an open line on the purple I think he was gone on
the AT&T wireless and mobile one said I'm not going to keep saying that okay
I'm not going to say that four million times on the purple line it's for AT&T
wireless and mobile one cellular customers that's what I'm going to say that
Steve Nicholman this guy so help me God if brevity were like if you could
sell brevity by the ounce this man would be poverty-stricken we have two
open lines on the green lines 1-800-944-W-I-O-D they don't care about OJ up there
in Palm Beach they don't care about the fox tracks they don't care about any
about the arena because of course a lot of those nose pickers up there still
really believe all they're going to build it up here in Palm Beach well guess
what they're not it's not even under consideration there is no chance there
is less than no chance that anybody's building any arena in Palm Beach how do
you like that take it to the bank here's Miami Lakes hello
yeah what's going on over there what's all the screaming and carrying on going over
there yeah yeah yeah yeah okay there's a call there's a really brilliant
color right there first of all he's got like 20 pounds of gravel in his throat
secondly he's got the radio way up at a background third is about six people
playing grab ass with each other and maybe with him in a back have an ice day
pal it sounds like he got a good start the two lines that are open on the board are
both up there in Palm Beach the green lines I could just sit and ignore them
all day I could not pick on them anymore I could sit because quite frankly the
total survey area in here in the book did we talk about that no we did not
which includes Palm Beach in addition to Dayton Broward see the Palm Beach people
you don't count in the ratings how do you like that nobody cares about the TSA
and it kind of frost my ass that like for example Howard's got a few more
people in Palm Beach on the TSA than we do but of course Howard's on FM which
taking here up there a hundred thousand watts and in Palm Beach most of it
like east of 441 you can't hear it for love or money so TSA let's see average
quarter hour we got like what do we got 42,000 on a wrong goddamn thing I'll find
the TSA here somewhere I'll find a guy damn thing and when I do it's like you
know a couple of thousand something like that three or four thousand so we got
we got squat up there in Palm Beach and I'm sitting here every day and then
all we get is that Paul guy call it in or we get Greg from Boynton Beach who's
trying to be on his best behavior and go through heavy therapy and I think it
may be starting to work very slowly but we got generally a bunch of
chronic stuff there because we got the same 10 people that's all we got like I
said here's Coral Springs hello hey Neil hi yes sir how are you you still
have it in front of you the herald that is I have it in front of me but not the
hero yeah I got it here pull it out it's out you you're the first day I just
pulled it out right below that picture look at the head my shirt is fear clergy
malpractice church healers liable in diabetic boys death clergy malpractice
suits feared the Supreme Court let's stand Monday a one and a half million dollar
reward against parents and religious caregivers who treated the diabetic
Minnesota boy with prayer instead of insulin the 11 year old boy died it was
the first jury verdict of its kind against Christian science spiritual healers
to survive a final challenge at the same time the justice is left the
Christian science church itself free of a nine million dollar judgment imposed
by a jury to punish the church yeah let the church out but they got the
parent and the friend and the healer oh yeah the church they're off the hook
of course because the Supreme Court is scared crapless of these religious
institutions but the parents they're the ones that are going to pay in the
fact that they were brainwashed by this Christian science bull crap and they
let their kid die when he could have been given insulin and be alive today what
a bunch of crap that is they believe one other thing they shouldn't be just
getting a they they should be going to the electric chair right but if they
get that because they are afraid of the Catholics they may come back to them
and say about abortions that they give their own advice about abortions right
yeah it says Roman Catholic Baptist Mormon and other churches said the case
invites judges and juries to access the validity of religious doctrine and
practices to which I say all right right thank God it's about time thank the
Lord deal one more thing you got me interested in that book a Gord Vida
you started the live from Gogo right have you finished that now I gave it to
George oh you got harder I just I don't know I just all that religious
hocus book is even though it's very funny I'm just I can't I can't handle it
it is I got into it I'm getting a little slow and slowing down a little bit
now but I still find it are you reading it George I finally took it out of my
briefcase over the weekend oh so George is getting ready to read it he's thinking
about it yeah one last same was request that Cheryl Crow satire whatever
Cheryl Crow yeah that we what her what the song that she made a year ago
that you had a satirical song about it all I have to do is yeah I know I'm
just trying to think yeah I'll find it all right I'll dig have a great day
amigo thanks for the story so there we go right in the front page of the
hero which if I read the hero I would have seen that but I don't read the
hero I could subscribe to what I think I could probably how does a guy like me
afford the guy named Sun sentle every day that's what I'd like to know and I
might even be able to afford to subscribe to the hero again but it's against my
religion I just oh I did that for a while here and I thought you guys just really
suck but then again a Sun sent me and I'll act read either I can't wait till
Melissa Ruggieri puts together her great radio story now that the whole book is
out and puts together that full story so we can read about those great numbers
like from all those like Howard and Howard and Howard is there any other
station down the air because basically I'm looking at men 25 to 54 and like his
biggest hour there from eight to nine and nine to 10 is an eight eight and eight
six and my smallest hour here is a 9.3 okay sweetheart Melissa even though I'm
just barely you know holding my own as she says I'm holding my own I think you're
holding somebody's over there and eight your own unless you got one it's an
open line now that's super day that's not the super day from the track is it that's
not Geary side bell is good friend super day that fat pig that used to hang around
of the track chronic that big us and yeah the one I used to make tapes off of
the show and send him out and charge money for it remember that that's the one
that thing is Melissa Ruggiery's boyfriend oh my god does that explain all
now or what super Dave with that 40 boy Shahej that talks to his teeth that I
think probably is ahead in the fair with Ken Block and Gilbert both and the guy
with the eyes it's 1135 at W.I.O.D. Saturday in 1D Rick and Todd Sneill and Phil
hold court at the borders books music and cafe in Kendall to benefit center one
one last time best of W.I.O.D. C.D. C.D. C.S.S.S the best dog personalities on the
planet Saturday in person 1 to 3 p.m. at borders in Kendall near day landball
Andy up for center one with news talking entertainment radio 610 W.I.O.D.
happy plan I haven't felt anything remotely sexual in years okay it's a 23 till
noon at W.I.O.D. now why the hell did I play that that isn't what I wanted to
play what I want to play on here and by the way the guy just called the
chances of my fine and that thing I know exactly what he's talking about but
I'll just keep digging okay I'll just keep digging and digging I'll pretend I'm
in Tampa and just keep digging and digging and digging till it bleeds what
did I want to plan here oh that which I will but I'll find that one of these days
trust me when I tell you pal just to stay there hooked right to it yeah so the
Christian scientists all these other people think that it's okay to have a
they call it a religion where they just neglect their child and they don't
give medical care because the religion says you don't do medical care and you
don't do drugs and you don't do this you don't do blood transfusions because
the Lord said so guess what the kid is dead see these are the real victims the
children of these religious nuts these are the victims between the brainwashing
and the abuse and all the other bull crap and the course the guilt trips all the
other garbage that goes on so is it any wonder that we have all these God
the moj Simpson's running around and Michael Jackson's show his witness now now
you're gonna start on the Jehovah's Witnesses to you relax next you'll
bring up the God damn Mormons again not only do you not get blood transfusions
when your Jehovah's Witness but you don't get Christmas or birthdays either well
screw them how about Hanukkah gifts oh sorry here's a mobile and Viral Beach hello
Neil God yes sir hey I was just listening to you they don't even rate above
West Palm or even West Palm and you're what you got your own no of course not
well why how many people do you think we have I mean we can't get a call from
West Palm Beach for love or money do you think we have a measurable audience in
like Fort Pierce the real deal I'm I transit and do sales work all over East
Coast from West Palm this a bastion I know quite a few people that that
listened to your show regularly and it just doesn't give you the justice even
though you don't need the numbers anymore than you got well for justice you know
we must go to see what's his name yeah but anyway I just think it's a lot
bigger than what what seems up to your auntie a pal it's a lot bigger than most
of these people assume it is I'll tell you that even bigger than an acorn
even an Okamachobi I know a lot of people that live see you all right Neil God
have a great name number one in Mugwams pal that's true have a great life
all right yes see and Palm Beach we can't buy a call but every now and then we
could cause from a Sebastian inlet and from Joel Sebastian this guy in the
Viral Beach and from Melbourne and Palm Bay and all those other glacier places
up there but all Palm Beach they're too good for us especially our good friends
up there in Boka because they're too snooty in Boka they wouldn't listen to
what God damn station like this in addition to which Boka is mainly all the old
Jews that ran away from the beach because they didn't want to be invaded by
the Cubans isn't that what the real story is about Boka why don't you admit it
okay you lying phonies up there you just ran away because you didn't want to
learn to speak Spanish which is the proper thing to do that's what George just
said of course what they'll just he know because his brain is being squeezed so
tightly by that real tight foreskin I'm telling you that's why the that's one of
the reasons a Latin men are so God damn emotional high strong is because the
blood is always just being convulsed in there here's a Davy hello hey Neil it's
Paul from Riverside Gordon how you doing okay Paul I wanted to call and comment on
why did you say from Riverside Gordon is there like am I supposed to like
recognize that or we I met you I met you a couple times that at a hockey game
and I introduced myself as being the guy that that embolms all the bodies oh
yeah this is the stiff guy right well it's always good finding a stiff guy exactly
um I wanted to comment on the Spain trip yes I've been to Spain and you don't
sound too enthused about it well we're about so I mean like I
I flew it I'm a dread well I flew into Barcelona right outside the air force
base there right and I spent two days there and and then I I traveled to Madrid
and I spent a night there and then went back to Barcelona spent the fourth the
fourth day and night and then left out so I spent you spend a lot is what it sounds like
I'm sorry I said sounded like a hell of a time it was great yeah good night life
and excellent food excellent food excellent isn't what what not black beans and rice no no no that's
not Cuban food yeah we're talking Spain not we're talking Spanish food now not Cuban food
that's right you know what they do over there they they like I know you're on the
Atkins but some of the food the course you know they don't know the Atkins from from from
anything but they they um they cook a lot in olive oil and they do their french fries
and stuff like that deep fried in the olive oil and it comes out with such a great flavor and a light
a really light taste it's it's really really really good food and um I was impressed with the
place I would like to go back but I just thought you'd like to know that so in other words it was not
filthy and dangerous and like the third world like most of Latin America's not even closed I mean
especially especially um Barcelona was was a was a very um it reminded me a lot of Italy yeah
now we're talking it reminded me a lot of downtown Italy because it had um downtown Italy
well downtown I didn't know Italy had a downtown the the the largest cities in in in Italy like aroma yeah
like well oh exactly because it has a lot of um older buildings and uh really neat architecture and
the the other people were really friendly as opposed to a place like France which I've also been to
which uh quite frankly I thought stuck though worst anybody out there contemplating a trip to
Paris should be shot on site exactly um one other comment did you I know you don't watch Letterman
by by by any chance did you get a call yet about Letterman last night no team ripped that the NHL
and he ripped Fox oh always loved that Dave about this new puck thing yeah and he and he gave an
example he showed a couple of the uh uh clips from the from one of the games and showed the blue dot
yeah and he asked his audience to vote on it and they were all booing it and we're talking about
how stupid it was and then the whole rest of the show everywhere he went he had a blue dot on it
so they could see him I love it and he was ripping him a new and Neil and he was saying he pleaded with
them you know don't ruin this age old game of that's right and uh for about your five-year-old kids
so I knew it's cool man it's cool it's like Nintendo daddy he must have had the same uh uh
stuff that you had as far as statistics or for people that they interviewed because he said the
same unity to everybody above the age of twelve thought it was stupid right and everybody
voted to twelve said the exact same thing oh it's like a big video game right exactly and then
there was another group the people that never even uh it were had any interest in the game
who thought it was really neat and cool but guess what it was a once-in-a-lifetime thing in a matter
how much graphics they put on it they'll still never watch it again anyway that's right well I
knew that would make you happy that your buddy Letterman was thanks a lot Dave you're the best
sweetheart and and and Neil in closing don't forget it's always nice to have a stiff one okay later
see in Barthalona bye we have an open line in power at five two four nine four six three five two
four and I'm sitting you're going through all these just looking for that because I know exactly
what he wants that all you really got to do is uh stick it uh near you something like that whatever
that horrible Cheryl Kroza I bet you they played that Cheryl Kro thing the death over there on the
coast right next to our sister station which by the way we share very very very I think it's 2%
of the coast audience ever listens to W.I.O.D. how do you like that huh what a bunch of snobs there
and you want to know why I'll tell you why because the coast is a background station just like life
it's music it's music on the FM band that's the sad part of it is and they're over there and they
really think that they're I mean you know Wendy Bennett's a nice person and Johnny Dark he's got
his moments all over his marginal but I mean uh and then of course there's a comedian in the morning
but I'm telling you man the coast it's just background slush it's on in the orifice it's on
and of course they get that big number in there automatically because people are forced to listen to
it we have people who claim that they're forced to listen to this no way nobody holds a gun in your
head makes you listen but when you're working in an orifice all day in the doctor or the dentist
or whoever has that slush on in the background the coast then you're a captive audience and of
course they're listening from like nine to five so they have this enormous length of
the list of ship because people are any orifices that maybe for lunch break and then they say thank
God I don't have to hear that anymore no more God damn a Cheryl Kro oh God that goes to show you man
you can pedal anything in America the Fox tracks and Cheryl Kro I rest my case and uh
Lyle I love it I think he's probably doing it with Eric Roberts not Julia now there's a real
piece that Eric Roberts there's a guy if you if you see him in a street in a shopping mall just run
in the other direction I'm telling you okay and all you little kids out there if you ever see
Eric Roberts just run and scream for help well and also did you see that thing now that they're
doing on the TV stations because of that one school that one neighborhood with the school where
the pedophile has been you know allowed move in there and I want to say it again all the strangers
anybody you don't know all your little kids that are skipping school today anybody you don't know if
they come anywhere near you even if they're just walking by in the mall start screaming any
yelling call for mommy and daddy and the police immediately because they're probably a child
molester and especially at Christmas time when Santa starts bouncing you up and down on his lap
and smiling too much and getting too much joy out of it then run like hell you know it's the
anti-Christ here's a candle hello good afternoon how are you when is the morning you're talking about
Madrid yes spend four days in Madrid beautiful city is it has some tremendous fountains the now
those fountains don't have like little stuff spritzing out of it do they oh yeah oh don't tell a
principal over a dillard high about that average meal is about thirty dollars they have some we
stated a nice hotel called Florida not day hotel and it's just outside of downtown
the bus system is excellent it's just a beautiful beautiful city a lot of museums you can't go wrong
you can take and they don't treat Americans like dirt there like they have a lot of they're very
friendly they have like day trips to Abilas or govio and Toledo Toledo Toledo oh and these are
a lot of Toledo I've been there once right raceway park the way they're very historic cities right
yeah there's a lot of influence from the moors because you know the moors right roll that area for
about five hundred years right and you just can't go wrong with Madrid it's it's great and Barthalona
if you've been there now I've never been to Barcelona but I'm a little nervous about going to a
place when everybody speaks with a speech defect you know just would feel out of place well actually
they were so nice that I had to take the bus one day and the bus driver just told me to get on
the bus and sit down and he hit let me have a free ride on the bus and I thought that was very nice
you know that was very nice so it's a it's a nice city and I think you would enjoy it and I think
the word we're looking for here is nice exactly okay bye thanks a pile well that was pretty nice we
have an open line in day 7519 463 751 WIID and of course one of the real nice things is that it's
any place but here so anyway it's 1149 and WIID use talk entertainment radio
610 WIID
welcome hell it damn near kill them
what it is I hear and it made me ill now the rate no cure in the rate no feel for Ebola
the doctor says I'm sick and I won't last long but the beast has survived till the end of the song
you see
oh hey 1151 at WIID and it looks like that was going to be a lot of fun here remember that book
came out the hot zone and Rick got all been out of shape about that and people were running out
and buying it and waiting for the end of the world I guess we still have to wait another couple
of weeks for the end of the world huh everybody that that's one of the great pastimes of mankind is
predicting the goddamn end of the world here's Pemberg Pine hello yeah sir have you been the
ghost cream park yet no I have not Jerry Bailey's what is it now what was that what was that
some guy about 150 years old with blue hair his other line rings and he says Jerry Bailey's
something like that because I think Jerry Bailey had a big day yesterday I saw that in the
sports section was I glanced by very quickly and that's it that's the end of the call just
vanishes and I think that's it I think the guy's made his last wager here's Miami hello
yeah yes sir have you ever noticed that uh Jimmy Johnson looks like Elroy from the Jetsons
I don't watch the Jetsons but whatever you say well I think a lot of people out there would
you know I guess a lot of people out there watch the Jetsons well they used to when they were
children I would have had you know no I'm older than dirt so I don't ever watch that exactly and
have a guy father question for you yes why did Sonny stop for the toll I mean he's the son of
like the biggest mob guy what you doing stopping for a toll well don't you remember the first of
all even if he wouldn't stop for the toll that the car was stopped in front of him blocking his way
he's honking the horn and honking and then the car kind of like backed up into him a little bit
to block his way and then the tolltaker kind of like a duck down and vanish from sight and then
all of a sudden but a bing but a bing all over the place and it only took like 750 shots as he came
out of the car and was staggering around yeah but he should have just crashed through both those
things with his big you know that lack well he didn't have a big one that's what his wife was
saying at the wedding oh yeah okay all right there you go there you go there's the answer for you
okay they shot Sonny on the cause way he's dead oh that's right Robert DeValle didn't have the
he didn't have the account in his cheeks I'm sorry but anyway the consul area of mine
so where we go now it's 1153 I'll tell you one thing the godfather what was that 73 74 like over
20 years ago that movie was out it is just as much alive and in the minds of all of us today
as it was back then and even of course Joe Dodgeola and a few dagos back there in the early 70s
and the church of course got all bent out of shape the American defamation league oh you can't
release this movie yadi yadi why did he not like I said before were there any Jews got upset because
myrlansky and bugs he's eager for Jewish you know what I'm saying hoods what what's the
reasoning at all paranoid about that so we got us this Sicilian thing okay like she says in the movie
it's this Sicilian thing it's been going on forever that's what Kay said
but I guess you like Michael Sicilian things so that's you know for a while anyway
here's Kendall hello hello yes sir a deal yes how you doing okay yeah I was surprised
it you let him know someone calling in talking about uh jj trying to steal the president's trying
to steal jj thunder trying to jj jj jj yeah yeah yeah you're trying to steal his thunder yeah and
everybody in town been waiting to hear him and then the president trying to sleep in there yeah
and get in and uh and that I got anxious there yeah well jj was only on for the redneck
uh viewers no no come on hey you know that uh for the good old man what kind of you know you know
I you know what you know what you know what I know I know Yahoo is what you're saying but it's
used a lot of words to say it we have an open line no seriously that guy said Yahoo in about 600
words correct just a hell of a trick yeah go over to Tampa you'll fit in there like a glove okay
asshole jj jj my ass all these people get whipped up just like Pat Riley man they came from
behind and squeaked out a win last night those stinking heat nobody's talking about pat Riley anymore
because that team stinks just like they always stunk and he's got more guy damn greetian
crap in his hair than you can check your stick at but hey you know these people get all excited
about somebody for about two days and then as soon as they don't come up to their expectations man
that's it yeah that was real funny pal that was a real funny call hey by the way lardass will be
45 to reangle up in the air and goose step pal you'll love it only guess what he don't like red
next either here's a tamarack hello now what's good is the act inside if you have high
collection yeah okay we have an open line on the a broward line 5249463 I always like a caller who
starts out not hello not even with a statement but it starts in on a speech okay well guess what
asshole a lot of people have had their cholesterol come down from the atkins diet but hey I wouldn't
waste my time with you because you're too close to death anyways I don't waste your time
here's a bokeh hello they're gonna have the uh rimmer tracks tonight on sunshine do you see that
the rimmer track yes can have a little ball spot in the mustache over the puck he can
oh that's cute I like that yeah there's that the way the uh he's high pingo tracks yeah really
you're really making a sense what they did with the game it was grotesque they had to heat game on
that was great sunshine had to heat game on last night you mean yeah I know that's
topic it's a real hot yeah that's right everybody's real thrilled about that the panthers are playing
in Philadelphia against the mighty flyers they hold them to a one one tie the flyers had to pull out the
tie the uh the last three minutes of the game and the biser plays again a brilliant game so did
hextal yeah nobody gets to see that you know you think after all the interest that was build up
after Saturday all these people watching the all-star game who ordinarily would have no interest
you think that right off the bat that the local people are would say hey let's add that game to
the schedule because it really is a meaningful game now and it's really gonna be great and they didn't
work because they had to because they had the guide game he came well how come channel 33 couldn't
put it on if sunshine couldn't do it and also how come like uh the news had like video highlights of
the game but you couldn't find it anywhere on a satellite what you tell me why I didn't see that
they had video highlights and something like that channel seven had it and they did yeah they had
the highlights of the game and they showed a goal the goal and so I don't know how they got it I
can't believe that because it had to be on summer my satellite well of course filled it off
you most of their games aren't on anyway they're they're like you can't get them no I watched
Linda as he shot that flash shot they showed it I saw it I'll be I don't know how I was kind of
curious I don't know yeah I don't know I do maybe somebody knows maybe they filled it off he
actually televised it somewhere but you wouldn't be able to pick it up here at least the important
games on tonight right there you go all right that's what rumors said okay okay see you yeah he's
back up there and Washington night with all of us all oh it's speaking of Jeff DeForest by the way
no I'm not trying to get Jeff Rimmer your job I don't care if they hire him here or not which they
never will because he's an adult and he knows something about sports and more than just hockey
and because he had a tense here in Baltimore but DeForest and in a hallway as part of this our
monologue yesterday carrying on like a child about well Rimmer has no good for this and he's very
limited and he's very narrow he had a crappy show on QA and he ought to he nobody's trying to get
your job before you paranoid twit what doll is wrong with you my god everybody is so terrified
you know when you're that insecure that you're terrified that everybody else is looking for your
job then you got a real serious problem there you know I'm saying like that 2.4 share I don't
care what you got in men 2.4 rate nothing I would be writing home about okay that's a two show
those sports shows are a two show two dose here's the deer field hello yes sir how are you okay uh you
sent me to Boston you went we went okay and we conquered it was great all right the people up there
I mean there is no comparison they were friendly yeah well that's a great city that's a real city
you walked down the street they say hello to you talking in bars did people all over by just
it was just amazing yeah and all these colleges and universities and young living and reading people
in Okando commandos and all these really neat things to see like you know Paul Rivera and his
horse and the freedom trail and Quincy market and Fanny will haul in like a city with some character
with some class yeah it was it was great um we went to that NHL experience type thing right which
was a blast yeah they showed a big thing on the on the Bruins game last night on the SBK they
showed a big piece on that it was a blast I want to an off star jersey for doing one of these
little interactive games great so all in all it worked out just absolutely and how was the fleet
center um actually was great it was very similar to uh the god similar to the godden no no it wasn't
because you couldn't get a bad seat it's really it's a it's a big arena yeah the the concession
areas remind you a bit of the arena but at every concession stand they have the TV so you get
to see if you're outside well that's because the people who go there see are interested in what's
going on in the game other than going out in the hallway and smoothing like here listen I'm glad
you enjoyed it pal okay have a great life oh whatever he said the emotional stability is not what
it's cracked up to be WIOD Miami Ford Lutterdale use talking entertainment radio 610 WIOD
com photo wants to play good afternoon at 12 o'clock this is Maria Garcia news talk and
entertainment radio 610 WIOD
