Talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers ship.
The jock to deal call 622 WIOD and Dan Scourge board.
677 WIOD and Broward.
Outside of date of Broward it's toll free 888-949 WIOD.
AT&T wireless and mobile one customers can call for free and poundio.
Roar now.
The Neil Rogers ship.
Holy cow!
Well that game was worth it spotting Neil Rogers on Hollywood Beach in one of those butt-floss-bending suits.
That pale Rogers is a like and boy guy.
If you're an atheist with a swish and a stride.
Alright.
Smoke a good stove and ride around in a bed.
You've got a radio show.
You do just for the check.
Happy anniversary to Neil.
Oi!
The only thing in this town that's real.
Roy!
We've all listened for miles around just to hear that famous farting sound.
There are only atkins diet.
Take the bread off your sandwich.
And like baking bonuses to merry-manders.
Alright.
Neil Rogers you're the best.
You've hurt.
Really put my hand me to the test.
Neil Rogers always gets to know you're there.
Okay.
Neil Rogers, you're a brine-cocks and to a bear.
Are you sure?
Neil Rogers the only thing I miss when I go.
I went away for a weekend inside a town fart of lowest.
But happy anniversary to Neil.
I always love his show.
Got these cigars early in today.
Kill y'all.
Happy Thanksgiving.
It's 10-04 at W-Y-O-D.
What am I doing here today?
Boy was this a bad mistake.
We've all just analyzed this.
We've examined it in our minds.
We've all come to a unanimous conclusion.
And that is this was a bad idea.
And we're going to come back and do it again tomorrow.
No matter how bad it is today.
We're just debating here who's going to be working this weekend at W-Y-O-D.
We've decided probably going to shut it down.
That would probably be best.
Not rather than suffer all an embarrassment that's going to go on when the board ops don't show up the one it already gave notice.
Hey, don't worry about these things.
Okay.
Because it's a bustman's holiday.
It's all request Thanksgiving today and tomorrow.
And of course it's also we're going to find out who's going to bring us lunch today.
What do you think we ought to have a Thanksgiving little Joey show up?
Any only shows up when there's going to be food coming.
Yeah, don't give me that crap.
How's your lovely wife doing, by the way?
Oh, she's sound asleep, huh?
With who?
So anyway, it's, we'll find out somebody must be open.
That's also what we want to hear besides your painting the S-Request is from people who are working today in places that are open today.
Is there, is there like any store open today?
There's got to be someone.
Oh, don't give me that crap.
No, there's got to be you know these exploitive bastards.
It's not like the old days when every holiday was like mandatory.
You would close or you'd immediately go to hell or purgatory at the least.
Not anymore.
They figure everybody else is going to be closed.
Will be open and grab up all the cash because there got to be a lot of pretty bored people that you know how much crap can you eat before the end of the day.
So we'll get right to it because they're in a damn thing going on.
I see the Leafs got pouted by the Red Wings last night as expected.
There's a great story by the way about Dave Lowry in the Suncentalous Morning.
Dave's crew provides children NHL experience.
Lowry buys tickets and gives them to these disadvantaged kids.
What a great story.
This is so typical of the guys on the team.
Not just the way they play the game and the whole deal with that, but just they're like real people.
Nice go and Dave of that great struck a shepherd and Lowry line.
By the way, I just thought I mentioned that.
And then to show you that not everything is so great.
There is a story in here.
I was sitting here while Ron and Ron were on with the monitor down reading the newspaper.
And like here every day.
And there's that Alan King.
He does it for me.
I don't know about you, but Alan King.
I mean, I'm an old fart and even I don't want to hear Alan King.
But I'd rather hear of...
Don't be fisticed up.
That King or Queen.
But man, did you read this story or hear about it?
Man indicted in death of one year old left in care.
And it's like a little blurb, which most people wouldn't see.
And I hate to appeal on your parade on Thanksgiving day.
But this is so typical.
What is with people?
Are they out of their minds?
A grand jury in Broward County on Wednesday indicted a lot of Hill man on a first degree murder charge in the death of a one year old girl left in his care.
Everett Dwayne Carter also was charged with sexual battery on a victim under younger than 12 and aggravated child abuse.
Carter 23 told Broward Sheriff's Office detectives that while he was watching Bridget is it or on November 5th, he molested the girl.
One year old.
When she started bleeding and crying, what a surprise that is.
Carter said he tried to calm her down by tossing her in the air and catching her.
Oops!
The game ended when Bridget fell hitting her head against the table.
Carter told detectives as in dead.
What kind of...
What are we dealing with here?
You know what I'm saying?
What are we dealing with?
Of course we'd much rather worry about OJ and fry his ass if we could but we never will.
But we'll get all this money anyway.
What's left?
But I mean, what is this?
What are we talking about here boys and girls?
I just thought I mentioned that to show you that even though it is Thanksgiving, there's still a bunch of assholes running around on a loose.
Here's the Miami.
Buenos dias, happy Thanksgiving.
Happy Thanksgiving, Neil.
And back to you, Turk, I'm Ion.
Whatever you are.
I'm glad you're calm.
Glad you're on today.
I'm on.
You're on right here.
We had tapes this morning.
We got more tapes this afternoon.
We got tapes up the rectum here at WIOD and I figured we'd better have one live show anyway.
Well I'm glad that you're on.
We are out there and we're glad that you are doing it on the air and that you're on.
What else are you going to be doing?
Well I'm going to be watching football later.
What time is that first game start?
Not one o'clock I hope.
I think noon.
Noon?
Oh no, please say it.
I started early on Thanksgiving.
Oh no, please say you're...
I think it is.
You're fun in me.
Well which game is that?
Hopefully that's the Lions game, huh?
It usually is, yeah.
Oh well nobody's going to watch that.
Lions and Kansas City, what a what a what a piece of pus that is.
I mean the big game is when the Redskins are going to pound the ass out of Dallas this afternoon.
We're looking forward to that.
I'm going to watch every second of that.
I'm going to be screaming and jumping up and down for those damn cowgirls to get it.
They will.
Yeah.
They will don't worry.
Troy has shown them the way.
They all know how to really take it up the old rectum now.
Well we are going to tell you that the fans are out there.
They're listening to you.
I'm an ex New Yorker and I'm glad that you do a show for us because nobody else would do it.
Okay pal.
I wanted to get one request if I could.
Yes sir.
I know you don't like to play it but if you get a chance today would you play a young Neil?
You know something I knew.
As soon as you said I know you don't like to play it.
How did I know?
You know what I'm saying?
Well as soon as you said that I knew exactly what you were going and...
I'm sorry but I grew up you know two minutes from Yonkers Raceway by the way and old stomping grounds during my heyday.
Where's Bullet Bob Meyer when we need him?
He's still here by the way.
You mentioned it a lot because I know you're into harness racing.
You mentioned Carmine a lot but you don't mention her Vey Filion that much.
No thanks but they all use a friend Jackie Lee can't be too good.
The two biggest shysters of the day in that period for me when I was growing up and we loved it.
I spent a lot of my misspent youth at the track and even when we were underage they still let us in somehow.
I don't know why but they did.
And don't forget the favorite of all those grease balls Jimmy Maulron.
Have a great day pal.
You too.
See ya.
Young Neal, I better write it down because it's not in the DCS.
But it is unfortunately on one of those damn things.
Unfortunately he said.
We'll get to it huh?
It's what?
It's on the nuggets.
Oh geez.
Okay so we'll get to it.
We have an open line of day 6222WYOD, Bokopom Beach.
We got two open lines for you and we pay the freight.
How do you like that?
One triple 8949WYOD.
In other words it's going to be easy to find is what he's saying and don't make no excuses.
We got no news today by the way.
You don't have to have like coke light and Pepsi light.
This is WYOD light.
Starting as of September 30th this became WYOD light.
In other words we got rid of the excess baggage.
We got rid of contact with the outside world basically.
So we have no news.
We have no board ops.
We have no anything.
But we're just here holding up the fort while everybody else is out there diddling around.
But then of course we've always got.
So you know it can't be all bad.
Here's Poppano.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes.
Curtis went up for you.
You're listening to Neil Rogers, the only jock and the only individual who's got the guts to do anything on Thanksgiving day.
Yeah that was great.
I'm an Ole Miss Gander.
I used to listen to you way back when.
Yeah you're a Michiganer?
Yeah you're a Keener days.
I never was I'm Keener.
Oh I thought you were.
Yeah right whatever you say.
Well WKNR and I still can't find those jingles by the way.
So just don't pay me on that.
No we got them around here.
Don't panic.
We got them somewhere.
Oh I'm...
Keener's now in Battle Creek and I was listening to him up there when I was up in Michigan.
No that's another WKFR.
They've been there for a while.
No WKNR 1400.
No WKNR is in Cleveland.
I thought they were still up in Battle Creek.
Wrong WKFR they call it Keener but it's used to be owned by the same outfit.
Yeah.
Call letters went to Cleveland.
Don't mess with me with my radio knowledge okay?
Okay.
I may not know much else other than a few hockey players, old time hockey players but I know my radio stuff.
I know my old time call letters.
Yeah well I don't know.
Like WDW IOD Lite.
Yeah IOD Lite and everything else.
Without the news, without the pen and the S information, without contact with the outside world.
Well...
We're just here in this little building.
It's a very nice building.
It's fairly new.
It's clean.
It's fastidious.
And we're just isolated from reality which is probably good.
Yeah it is.
You want to be involved with all these stupid stories about these child molesting assholes.
Oh that's...
I say fry their ass right away.
Let's just you know, not waste any time.
That's one sick puppy.
Let's do it on Montel.
Let's just fry this guy's ass and move on with life.
Yeah.
Well in the meantime, you have yourself a very safe and happy Thanksgiving day.
Okay you have yourself too.
Keep care.
Okay keep care and take whatever.
What the hell language was he's speaking?
We have an open line in day 6229463.
We have one in Broward 767.
We're actually getting a ton of calls here today more so than usual.
And that's because everybody's off.
Did anybody call the offer us lunch yet today by the way?
No.
And by the way, we don't care what supermarkets are open.
This is just like when we first got here.
Yes we do.
Why?
They're not going to send us food.
But maybe I would like to know.
Windixie is all four.
Windixie has all these people calling up telling us what Dixie is open to all four?
Telling us what and came art.
What about publics?
They're all closed.
We don't want people calling with what kind of food is what kind of food is came art so open to call us food is game art so see food.
Now seriously, who cares about came art?
That's what they're calling and Walmart.
Well I did ask the question.
When are you so surly about you little miserable spick?
Because all we want to hear from are people who say we're open.
No, no, no, no.
And you're now you're telling all we want to hear from?
I want to hear from anybody who's alive today tomorrow.
It'll be a major miracle every line of walking out there.
Oh, so in other words, they're bugging you with it.
Like I said, keep calling.
So anyway, it's 10th, 13th.
Boy, you are really surly.
And you're the one that said you wanted to work today because you wanted the extra pay.
Oh, you said I wanted to work today.
I said that lessons the pain of it.
You didn't say that at all.
If you would have just said it's a bad idea, I'd be sleeping right now.
I would have gotten up a lot later to clean up my little dog.
Yeah, that's a new deal I got now.
Oh yeah, he just all over the house.
Just a little surprise.
He's not too happy.
I went away on vacation for a while.
He had to put up with my mother for about nine days.
And now he's given me a response all over the place.
I mean for a dog that weighs 10 pounds.
When you can really your own weight on the floor,
you're doing a hell of a job.
I'll tell you that.
Can you imagine?
Can you imagine if Al Goldstein could have his own weight?
They'd have to have a whole building for him to work in 10-14 at WIOD.
Well, we got a lot of people at a full of crap.
How about if...
Roy!
Could do his own weight.
Man, I think he is.
He's just walking around.
Soon the world will change forever because of 610 WIOD.
Oh!
In Bangladesh, streeter Chins will quote Ron and Ron.
In Marrakesh, political prisoners will salute reconcise.
And it's a Vatican.
All two boys in training will discover the word according to Neil Roderick,
Spell Ron and Ron.
Neil and Rick and Suts, 24 hours a day, live to the world.
Coming soon to computers everywhere.
From Talk and Entertainment Radio, 610 WIOD.
Can beat that gator meat.
Now back to the Neil Rodgers program on 1240 WGBA.
Here again, America's youngest dog show host, 6-year-old Neil Rodgers.
OK, I guess we're done with the mail.
And there's four minutes left in the hour.
Let's take some calls.
All in.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil, how's it going?
Great.
That's good.
Well, sir, I can't film my subscription to the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle.
All the good old DNC.
What an abortion that paper is.
Then I asked how many other people did likewise.
And they said none of my business.
Yeah, well, they're real nice over there.
OK, well, I just thought I'd let you know.
You're a fine American.
Have a nice life.
Hello.
I want to speak to Neil.
You got him.
Am I on?
Yeah.
Neil.
Yeah.
Neil, you're a stinky pink old glue sniffing, bed wetter and a pansy.
Big call.
This is the day so far.
Did he say pansy?
I want to sneak it off.
What a mong-brain.
I ride my bike 30 miles every Saturday to the show.
And this guy calls me named.
She's on you, sir.
She's on you.
By the way, have you seen some of those bad boys at the new AMP?
No, what are you cackling about?
Hey, this is my gun.
A million producers in the world.
And they fixed me in here with an egg.
That is my car.
It's a macaque castle.
Hello.
How many?
You're used to be such a nice boy.
And now you're so terrible.
Yeah, but you can't shut it off.
You can't shut it off.
I don't need this.
It offers from other stations.
Patavia, Almira, Fredonia.
But instead, I stay here and entertain you grotesque sub-hoo and dutabag.
Unbelievable.
Geneva, hello.
Hello, is this Neil Rogers?
What kind of phone are you on, sir?
How's that again?
Do you have a dial phone or a watt?
No, I have to put it to the operator.
Let's...
Let's knock into that.
Hey, I was listening to Joey Reynolds on WKBW last night.
Somebody asked you.
Did you hear what he's been saying about you?
No, I don't listen anymore.
He's a daughtering old man.
He claims he's only 40.
Yeah, right.
And do we be true in two?
Oh, shut up.
A group of sub-hoo.
And if you think he's bad now, we totally had you.
Oh, boy.
Okay, when we come back, maybe the egg will come out of his shell.
But I hope not.
Well, it's really something to be thankful for.
I'm even playing at these to Crab, so we must be in a really good mood and we'll be really thankful when Max decides to fix these remote starts and all these things in here.
But hey, Ron wasn't built in the day and of course he's out of the tutelage of...
Roar!
So, don't hold your breath.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing this morning?
Great.
Good.
Did you watch the Red Wings against the Leap?
That was not.
Was it?
No, I was watching the...
Doesn't the highlights this morning.
I don't want to see it.
I want to hear about it.
Yeah, Brendan Shanahan had the hatchet. Good for him.
Yeah.
I wonder how all the guys' wives on a team field, by the way.
Oh, and also the rumor...
Rumor has it, you know, the Tampa Bay Lightning?
Yeah.
The rumor has it that Phil Espazito's daughter is spreading stories that the Russian guys are hung like a moose.
Oh!
She married that cellophano.
Oh, God.
Yeah, Espazito, whatever, is he?
Hey, really?
He asked me something.
I was listening yesterday, the news.
That one guy who...
Who does the news?
Steve, the guy that is a swallowing problem, yeah.
Yeah, he said, oh, the panther's won.
But the reason they won is because...
Ha-ha.
Ha-shik wasn't in or something.
Yeah.
And then I nailed him later.
It turns out he's from Buffalo.
Oh.
He's a Buffalo hole.
Oh, he needs that.
He needs that.
Yeah, he needs to go back up there.
Uh-huh.
But anyway, uh...
We gotta do something about that news.
I'll tell you that.
We got the traffic I've been doing make-believe news trying to be a comedian.
Oh, God.
Give us strength to get through this deal here.
Yeah.
That Steve Nicholis has got an imagination.
Yeah, I have to work today, so I just wanted to wish you.
Doing what? What are you doing?
I'm a...
Porker.
A porker?
Yeah, I'm a porker.
Oh, my.
But anyway, I've been listening here for a while, and I'm a big fan.
Great.
Hey, I'm not a big Rick Riley fan, so if you have it, you could uh...
You could play Rick Riley.
Was that Rick Riley stole my...
Rift Aid?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
You know, I must be psychic today.
I wish the hell a track was open tonight.
Yeah.
I should go immediately not sooner.
As soon as you said Rick Riley, I knew you wanted to hear that.
All right, Neil.
Have a great day, pal.
You're too much.
Go write some tickets.
Okay.
So we got a porker out there listening.
How do you like that?
Rick Riley stole my briefcase.
Where is that, George?
It's in here.
I know, Dan Wellitz in here.
Oh, geez.
This thing.
Like I said, this thing, once upon a time, it was really like useful almost.
Rick Riley stole my briefcase.
Where the hell am I going to find at the stupid...
Oh, look at that.
We also have that Rick Riley Boca-Brion song, too, which we haven't played in a dog's age.
Huh, I might have to dig that out.
Come on, come on.
Let's get with it.
If you lost it or what?
If you lost it totally, I mean, what's Roy going to think about this?
Jesus.
Rick Riley stole my briefcase.
I liked a park in his face.
That's Marmy Tink.
What gives him the right?
Oh, I think his wife, what a fight it off tonight.
Rick Riley stole my briefcase.
What?
This trace to the human race.
Oh, Rick, you're a smuck.
Hey, goat, Bert Sucks.
That wheel of meat should also include Rick Riley's butt.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Rick Riley stole my briefcase.
I liked a park in his face.
Hey, he's hell.
Rick Riley, you're an asshole.
Did he say asshole?
Yes.
So anyway, he did.
1025 at W-I-O-D.
And it's all request.
Thanks for giving day.
They're all getting ready.
We haven't heard from nobody.
It's going to bring us no Thanksgiving lunch today, huh?
Some nice sliced turkey would be nice.
Or like anything would be nice to be honest with you.
I bet Wayne is open today.
I bet your pony tail is open today.
Huh?
We'll find out who our real friends are out there.
Some of those guys.
I mean, who the hell wants to take a turkey anyway?
There's going to be enough turkey for our goldstein
later on in the day.
Why the hell not have something a little bit more
with a little taste in it?
I've got some ideas.
Here's a Hollywood.
Hello.
Hollywood.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I wonder if you could help.
I'm legally blind and I didn't hear.
Could you tell me what time the dollars cowboys are playing
and what channel?
4 p.m.
And of course it would be on Fox.
It'll be on Channel 7.
4 p.m.
Yes, sir.
Channel 7.
Uh-huh.
Thank you, Neil.
Pat Summerall and the John Madden.
Thank you.
Okay.
We have an open line in Brown.
I hope I got that right.
Did I?
Oh, Jesus.
If I gave him the wrong information, I'm going to die and go to hell immediately.
If not sooner.
Boy, do I hope.
Huh?
Come on.
Where's the page this paper today just loaded with crap with kaka as usual.
What's the deal with that?
Where is the NFL page?
We don't give it to him about the University of Huracun's.
Okay.
Screw them.
We know the only big game of the weekend is going to be Saturday as far as college is concerned.
And the Geaters are going to beat the stod out of FSU.
Not that I really care mine you.
I don't care.
I'm not really rooting and tooting for anybody in that game.
I'm more powered to both of them.
But it's going to be ugly.
Where's the, where is this thing?
Where's the stuff?
Where's the meat?
Where's the lamb beef in here in this stupid paper?
Too many pages of ads.
Add after, add after, add for places that ain't even open today.
Okay.
Here we go.
4 p.m.
Like I said, I got to ride Redskins at Cowboys on seven.
It's on schlocks.
Here's a candle on a mobile.
Hello.
What's happening now?
Yeah.
How you doing?
Okay.
Happy Thanksgiving to you.
Uh-huh.
We got a gobbler on here.
Are we a living gobbler?
No, I'm not a gobbler.
I think you are.
You think so?
Well, only sometimes.
But anyway.
Goal Florida State that you mentioned it.
I don't know if it's going to be a rough game,
but I think Florida State State is going to do it.
Can beat that Gator Meat.
That story you read in the, in the newspaper today.
Yeah.
Absolutely, absolutely, absolutely disgusting people like that.
Discuss me.
I have a child of my own.
I have two children actually.
And, and the thought of that, you know, I understand.
One year old.
One year old.
One year old.
I know.
Then the, uh, un, un, unbelievable, unbelievable that gives me chills.
Give me chills.
I mean, somebody ought to buy these people a blow up dollar,
something just to try to draw my diaphragm and say this.
You know what?
Mutilated.
Mutilated.
Mutilated them all.
Yeah.
But anyway, in closing.
In closing, have a happy Thanksgiving.
Thank you for being on the air today.
You really made my day.
I was expecting a taper or the turkey parade or something.
Well, believe me, you'll get plenty of tapes.
So we got tapes up the ass here this weekend.
So I love, I love you.
Have a great life, pal.
Take care.
Say goodbye.
Open line on the mobile, pound IOD.
It's 1029 at WIOD.
Talking entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
Okay, 1033 now.
Yesterday, Scott the long guy who's a wonderful human being.
Believe me, you have no idea how wonderful.
But anyway, so he had given me a tape, a group name,
sublime, and their version of I Smoke a Year,
joint in the morning.
And I think I played about 30 seconds of it and said,
because it really blows.
Sorry, Scott.
So little Joey had called the other day and we'll see whether
he's going to come up with a good one or what.
This is who?
The wind jammer is okay as in jammer.
Roar.
Jammer for it.
Me jammer.
I'm pretty weak, buddy.
I smoke two joints in the morning.
I smoke two joints at night.
I smoke two joints in the afternoon.
It makes me feel alright.
I smoke two joints in time of peace.
Two in time of war.
I smoke two joints in class.
I smoke two joints.
Then I smoke two more.
But my mastery was called mission.
If we have fucking man.
My daddy was called mission.
To the best you can.
Well, it's not good enough.
So anyway, Joey, thanks, but it blows.
Okay, I mean, what's wrong with that other one?
How? It's dynamite.
Where the hell is it?
I don't hear it.
Do you hear it?
Oh, I don't hear it.
Can I ask you a question?
Who's been in here, pochking around,
weighing with everything on the board?
Every, everything is like configured in a wrong thing,
and it's all screwed up.
Of course, that's your for us, ain't it?
God, I'm in bear act.
Maybe it was roar.
No comparison.
That's what I was kind of like a little stick flutter.
I smoke two joints in the morning.
I smoke two joints at night.
I smoke two joints at night.
I smoke two joints at night.
It makes me feel alright.
I smoke two joints at the time of peace.
And two at the time of war.
All right.
I smoke two joints before I smoke two joints.
And then I smoke two more.
Oh, my daddy was called mission.
You be a hard-working man.
From my mother, she wants to meet you.
To the best you can.
The same one day, I met Emma, came for me instead.
Hard work, good, and hard work, fine.
But first take care of him.
So now I smoke two joints when I get up.
Oh, in the car, I smoke two joints.
I smoke two joints when I play video game.
And at every 10,000 points, I smoke two joints.
I smoke two joints at the time of peace.
And two at the time of war.
I like it.
I smoke two joints before I smoke two joints.
And then I smoke two more.
Oh, my daddy was called mission.
You be a hard-working man.
From my mother, she wants to meet you.
To the best you can.
The same one day, I met Emma, came for me instead.
Hard work, good, and hard work, fine.
But first take care of him.
That's why I smoke two joints in the morning.
I smoke two joints at night.
I smoke two joints in the afternoon.
It makes me feel alright.
I smoke two joints at the time of peace.
And two at the time of war.
I smoke two joints before I smoke two joints.
And then I smoke two more.
Oh, two joints.
That's what I do.
Oh, two joints.
Come and smoke two joints with me in the morning.
Oh, two joints.
Come and smoke two joints with me in the afternoon.
Yeah.
Oh, two joints.
Hey, would you rather smoke two joints or would you rather do your homework?
Oh, two joints.
I know you weren't going to say that.
Oh, two joints.
Oh, two joints.
Oh, two joints.
That's what I do.
Oh, two joints.
But anyway, so it's 1038 W.I.O.D.,
that's the definitive virgin, make no mistake about it.
It may not have been the original, but sometimes the imitator be the best, right?
That's what Paul Castanova always says.
Here's a pig report in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy Thanksgiving.
Back to you.
They're out in force.
I think.
Oh, no.
I just had a poker call a little while ago.
He seemed like a real benevolent guy.
That wouldn't write you a ticket for more than 500 bucks.
That's right.
I heard him.
I heard him.
Yeah.
They decided to give the criminals a break today.
Yeah.
Well, we got a real short of your money.
We're going to go to Calroyo now, and we can get the city of Miami out of Hock.
They got a fill in there.
There's a short.
There's a short.
Yeah.
Where now, where is it?
8.74, as you get off of the 88th, you know, a candle drive turn off there.
I wouldn't go over 20.
Just don't get off.
Yeah, don't get off.
Keep going.
OK.
All right, Neil.
Have a good one.
Thanks for the warning.
All right.
See you.
Thanks for being on the air.
OK.
Yeah, the audience is very grateful that there's one live show that somebody, some hot shot, decided to come into the hands of these stupid tapes.
And a lot of stupid part timers going to literally like that on the air just filling in the gaps.
That's a bunch of crap.
I wouldn't be surprised if we even show up on Christmas New Year, but we won't.
We won't.
Those are Mondays too, by the way, this year.
Hallelujah.
Yeah.
It's a real piece of crap when those days turn what?
They're not.
What day is it on?
Well, I hate to break the news to you, but if it's Wednesday, then somebody's got this all screwed up because it says,
Oh, you know what?
Oh my God.
Tracy.
I thought Tracy was perfect.
You have an old copy.
He gave us the corrected.
Oh, he's got Saturday, December 23rd.
We're doing a thing.
And it's 21st.
Yes.
The Saturday before Christmas, because I was just, so that's even better.
That's even better.
Now it's not really even better, because then where the hell can you go?
We're moving.
We're moving Christmas day to Monday this year, whether you like it or not.
How do you like that?
We won a long holiday weekend.
What kind of crap in a Wednesday?
Which breaks up your whole week?
That blows.
That sucks.
What kind of crap is that that you decided to get born out of day like that in the middle of the week?
Doesn't he know you're supposed to get born on either a Friday or a Monday?
So we have a long bus mentality vacation weekend and you can go to Rome again and see all the get's keys over there to Vatican.
How can a Chinatown crawling around in their little schmattas and throwing their last few lira to the Pope so we can go out and rent some or alter boys?
Here's North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Cool, Neil. Good morning.
Yes, sir.
How are you this morning?
I'm a little amiff now that I find that Christmas and New Year's are on a Wednesday.
Yeah, just when you said Monday, I looked at my camera.
Well, the only reason I figured that because I'm looking at this schedule here.
It says Saturday, December 23rd.
We're doing an appearance, but it turns out to be the 21st.
You need to beat your promotions manager.
Yeah.
I am.
We're close today, but I'm actually working.
Doing what?
We have a beeper in a cell phone company.
Yeah.
And it's the only day that the phones don't ring off the hook that we can get any kind of real work going on.
Great.
So, uh...
The only day here for me, the phones are ringing off the hook.
It's a beautiful thing.
I guess that's good.
Well, because everybody, I figured it.
Usually, I'm Thanksgiving on the major holidays.
It's like this because they got some time. They got no excuses.
Yeah, they got nothing.
The rest of the week, they're very busy.
They're very especially the women.
They call when they finally get one on here.
She hangs on for like 15 seconds and then, oh, she's too important.
She's got to go finish her nails.
She's got to finish her shopping.
Right.
Well, tell all your listeners to get stuffed.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Yeah, I think somebody said this morning, the early game is 1230, but I think that might be the pregame.
I think it probably kicks off at one, but who cares?
Well, yeah, Detroit and Kansas City, I mean, you got to be psychotic to watch that.
That's two losers going head to head.
Unless you like seeing Wayne Fonts and other fat guys.
Have a great day, Pat.
Hi, Uncle Leo.
Yeah.
By the way, Wayne Fonts is out. He's going to be long gone. He's going to be dead meat.
We have an open line in date, 622-2946-36222.
It's almost like we're giving crap away today.
Well, we are. We're here. That's our present to you.
So who called you about the food, by the way?
Nobody.
Hey, but camearts open.
Well, nobody called and said we would love to bring you food for lunch today with little Joey there.
And we know you guys are starving.
And you're entertaining us on Thanksgiving Day and came into work, which nobody else is doing.
And the whole damn station is tapes.
Nobody called and said we would love to bring you a bunch of crap.
Come on, bring us a bunch of crap, will you?
Even Ponytail didn't call.
Who ordinarily is like who was here just the other day.
Oh, I guess he already did his duty by stopping by Wayne Arnold's.
God forbid that he should bring us by something really good.
Here's the West Palm Beach. Hello.
Hey, good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
Thank you for performing a community service today and being there.
Yes, I am.
Giving all of us a choice.
I think this should be the headline in both newspapers today.
Roger's works on Thanksgiving, giving us something to be thankful for.
Exactly.
Everybody's going to be yanking on the old swishbone today.
And I don't want to change the pace of the show, but I didn't have a radio accident last week.
I had a disaster.
Orchley, heading for the bar, like pop on the radio.
You're not going to believe.
I don't believe it.
Gilbert was talking to Dickie Farco.
Some West Palm Beach station.
Oh, boy. Well, at least he found his own level now.
He found a perfect spot to land.
So I turned it off, right?
When it's a bar left at three, turn a radio on it's still in the same station.
I'm not kidding you.
Joey Reynolds on some kind of how to improve your life talk show.
How to improve his life?
That's what he needs to find out.
Oh, in other words, he's given people advice.
Oh, my God.
I am that hemorrhoid.
And some lady on an ever given advice on how to, you know, relationships and crap like.
It was like 330 in the morning.
How does the horse workout by the way?
W of BGT.
I'm not sure.
Yeah.
WDDT, yeah.
Just for it.
But I mean, in the same day, it was a disaster.
My, my, my.
Look out now.
Yeah, if you would have just heard blind Mike call in Rick and Suds, it was probably on the same day.
You'd really had a tri-factor.
You'd probably go home and blow in somebody's brains out.
Hey, I've got a request too.
Yes, sir.
Can you play trained Austin?
I'd like to dedicate the train to Austin.
You know, she showed me some pictures of opening.
Oh, kiss your butt.
Yeah, kiss her brain.
Train to Austin.
What is that?
Yeah, that's what it is.
That's exactly what it is.
But my son's an engineer with a railroad up in Illinois.
Yeah.
And if you could play, I'd like to dedicate to him and all the douchebag engineers on the Illinois
Central Railroad.
Okay.
I'll dig around for it.
See ya.
Appreciate you being there.
All right.
So where am I going to find that?
Good question.
Wasn't it on a cart that disappeared and we couldn't play it anymore?
No, no, no, no, no.
We had it back after that.
It was probably like I'm one of the old, I would say it's on here on the best of 92.
That's my best personal guess and guess what it is.
Boy, I haven't lost it.
I'll tell you that.
You're supposed to be the hot shot that knows all this crap.
And of course, in some of them, I'm not a tanneling it.
I guess it's a little bit, you know, no good, no excuse though, but I'm old in the
Fibrile.
So anyway, what tell did he say it was the train to Austin?
I'm really thinking about whether I want to play it or not.
If you get a title that far screwed up, you know what I'm saying?
There it is.
What does it call?
I don't know what it is.
No, it's called, where the hell is it?
I was riding on a train to Austin, Texas.
Oh, and a very lovely lady said next to mine.
When she got a pretty tour, she asked to buy what holds her son.
I was more than happy to.
And now there's more I'd like to do.
Are you sure?
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
I want to whisper sweet nothings in her rear.
I want to hold her behind.
Brackum.
Close doors and more.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
When she returned, she said she was an actress.
She showed me an album of pictures of her opening,
which she'd been sitting on.
She seemed to swin as she could be,
but I could clearly see.
She was the kind of girl whose romance hearts
has been wrecked and done.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
I want to whisper sweet nothings in her rear.
I want to hold her behind.
Close doors and more.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
Well, I'll never forget the train ride down to Austin.
We're saying you're the sweet and we shared our tales.
But as my heart tried to leave her behind,
regrets are all I was fine,
because I hope that I'd get that girl in the end.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
I want to whisper sweet nothings in her rear.
I want to hold her behind.
Close doors and more.
I want to kiss her, but...
I want to kiss her, but...
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
1049 and WID.
Did we miss a break there or something?
Not yet.
What do you mean?
We didn't do the third one or we didn't do the third one.
We didn't do it.
We better do some spot.
1049 and WID, I just said it.
Okay.
Well, that was short and to the point.
So I'll get my cigar and my purse.
What do you want?
I'm not smoking it, though.
Don't get raw.
Yes, I am.
Okay.
So how's the food coming, by the way?
Why don't you have a blank look on your purse?
Like, so in other words, nobody loves us anymore, huh?
That's really grotesque.
Can you imagine the billions of pounds of crap that are being consumed today
and also being excreted at the same, well, not at the same time,
but shortly later?
I mean, we're going to sit here starving to death,
because nobody gives a crap about us being here on a holiday.
That really is outrageous and disgusting.
And I...
Well, that's good.
About being a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Yes.
And he talks about a song that you have for Tro Aikman.
Yes.
Can you play it for me?
Have a great day, sweetheart.
How's that for service, huh?
Yeah.
Okay.
See you.
I wonder Troi likes to wish Boned Offense, you think so?
When this quarterback gets lonely.
All right.
He likes receivers that are wise.
Some people say that number eight is gay.
They say Troi loves the big brown eye Aikman.
He goes down on his knees Aikman.
It's guys he likes to please Aikman.
He loves to slap cowboys on their behind.
Rack them.
He's got a spotless reputation.
America's team is world renowned.
But is Troi gay?
I've heard some people say they've got him.
The heart will he goes down.
Aikman.
Boy.
He goes down on his knees Aikman.
I like it.
I can't some balls to squeeze Aikman.
Don't clip him cause he likes it from behind.
I'm going to tell you they're going to take a whooping today, man.
I just can smell it.
I can feel it.
I think that the red skins are going to do it.
He's not going to play but he looks good on the sideline.
We have two open lines in date.
He looks good.
He can't play.
What's wrong with that?
He's got that big whoop nose.
He's been playing.
I don't know what's with him.
I have no idea what's with the red skins or the four skins.
But they're doing it for some reason.
A cowboys you can smell it.
Maybe Leon Lettle brings some of the good stuff today.
What a disgrace that team is.
There's a good bunch of world models for all of the youth of America.
It's the Dal-ass cowboys baby.
And they're worried about his Troy maybe like a pack in it.
Maybe he wants to play for the Packers.
We have two open lines in date.
622-9463.
We have nobody bringing us no lunch today.
Which Joey is thinking about why did he come here and spend an hour trying to find the studio.
We have really lost it.
Look at how hard we had to work to get our friend's salad.
We get this 85,000 cases of sole water.
We're telling you right now, thanks Sal and national distributors.
And although yesterday when Lorenzo said over that breastseola and mozzarella.
Oh God is that good.
Woo!
You could go right to Italy and not get breastseola.
Which is kind of like an Italian chip beef.
Which doesn't sound all that great, but it is.
It's really kind of like a red meat.
Ever see any red meat.
But man, is that sensational?
Thank you David Lorenzo.
There's a guy.
There's a sponsor who cares about us.
Is David over at Lorenzo's.
They give a crap about us.
Some of these other people.
Whenever they can use this and manipulate us and whatever they need us.
By the way, if you bought a spot on the station and it's not been running,
don't worry about it because Mary's under a lot of stress.
And so is George.
And so is Wayne and so is Adam.
But hey, it's a but hey.
Let's go to Sunrise.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes man.
Hi, happy Thanksgiving.
And back to you.
Did you happen to catch any of the Pittsburgh Montreal game?
No I did not.
Too-too-time by the way I understand.
Yeah, if I watched it, Stubborn's played an awesome game.
Did he really?
I'm a huge fan.
Oh, I want Stubborn.
We want a back.
We want a back.
We want a back.
They broke my heart when they traded him.
Yeah, I love Stubborn.
I do too.
Let me take a look.
Did he get any points in acting?
No, he didn't.
But he got named Player of the Game.
Really?
Yes he did.
Player of the Game.
He played awesome.
The rest of the team blows.
He was making awesome passes, setting up the guys.
And they were doing nothing with it.
He looked so frustrated.
I just, I felt so bad for him.
I see Yager got his 19th who leads the league by the way.
I also see Patrick Frog was like a human civ against the Rangers last night.
Yeah.
Which is good for us because the Rangers aren't going anywhere.
And Colorado now has got, we got two games in hand on them and we still got a point on them.
We're still first in league.
How do you like that?
I love it.
So the Lancer are falling.
They're having an avalanche right on the race.
I like it better when the Rangers lose though.
Yeah, but well, you don't have to worry about that.
They got plenty of losses coming soon.
I know.
But I think they're going to be better.
And how about my Leafs?
Yeah.
They got trounce.
Well, you know.
That's a rough year.
We'll be all right.
What can you do?
We'll be okay when Tim Horton comes back.
All right.
I just want to call him.
Wish you a happy Thanksgiving and let you know that I love to barred tonight.
I'm deepressed.
We want Stewie back.
Let's start a campaign.
You and I, we want Stewie back now if not sooner.
Can we send him something?
We should send him something to Pittsburgh.
Let him know everyone in Florida misses him.
Okay.
We'll send him a big killbassa.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
You too.
Bye-bye.
What a great guy, Stew Barnes.
Everybody loves Stew Barnes and then we get these ass liquors calling him.
Oh no, this Chris Wells is going to be great.
You know, whatever Brian Maria is.
Brian Maria is a genius.
Okay. He's a wonderful guy.
He's phenomenal.
He's the best.
But that doesn't mean he's perfect.
And all you rubber stampers out there, all you ass liquors, you better get with it.
And by the way, what's icing?
So it's 1057 at WIOD.
Stew, the only radio station that doesn't suck.
Six, ten WIOD.
Miami, Fort Lauderdale.
This is the Neorodger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Just lick them.
People are watching.
Women are staring at their green roof envy.
Oh, but I'm not sharing some say his brain less.
And I'm not sure I'm talking.
Not much to look at.
But I ain't looking.
His smells just a little too much.
Is that all a little too close?
His nose is just a little too long.
But while they're grown in,
I will be more than tall in.
His got a really big trowel's a trowel.
And his trowel's looks green if he let it out.
And his got a really big trowel's a trowel.
His got a really big trowel's a trowel.
That part can make me a just wisdom shout.
His got a really big trowel's a trowel's a trowel.
I wanna give you a clam.
He's got a woman in the baby Charles and Charles.
He's got a woman in the baby Charles and Charles.
They should fall low.
I have no foreskin.
So anyway, it's $11.02 when it's out.
You know what they say?
It cocks, bleep it out.
So we're just rolling along singing the song.
Looks like we're going hungry today.
A bit of the whole audience is saying, boy, they have sure lost it.
They've lost the touch.
They've lost that love and nothing again.
Don't start me with that song again because I'll puke if I think about anybody planning.
How does Honey Fox doing, by the way?
Hi, this is Johnny Fox.
Playing all the country.
It's all the time.
He's kissing it over there.
I wonder if he and Dom Cox are on the same.
Are they both doing it?
I'm kissing. They're both kissing it.
I want to give you a kiss.
Here's Pembroke Pines. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, happy Thanksgiving day.
Back to you, pal.
Hey, I got a spy report from Mandage for you last night.
Yeah.
You know what he said?
He said, um, the only thing that other station QAM is missing, they have their great lineup,
but the only thing they're missing is Neil Roger.
Yeah, little joy was just going to be a spy report before saying that he was going on sucking around heavy duty about how they all to have me on that station.
Where would they get the money to pay me?
They're already going to go broke with all the money they paid for all these sports franchises.
And with the asylians at dollars, they paid the default, which is way more than what he's worth.
What were they, forget it?
See, I like working for an outfit with a check clear.
You know what I'm saying?
You don't have to worry about if it's going to bounce or not.
Well, I guess so, huh?
Geez.
Well, I just wanted to tell you that and let you know and happy turkey day.
And back to you.
And I hope you get some lunch in there pretty soon.
All right.
Okay. Thanks.
Yeah, man, which is great.
And I've already said this before he started sucking around.
Maybe that's why he said it.
But that we have a deep mutual respect, me and Jimmy Boy, even though he is a Michigan fan.
He knows talent when he hears it.
I made him into a star.
Just being on here and doing those games.
That isn't what made him a star.
What made him a star was.
All right.
Stuff like that.
That's right.
That's what made him into a gigantic star was things like, look at the **** on that blonde, man.
Right.
And then of course, especially.
Yes.
Yes.
Not to be not to forget.
You checked out.
Right.
So he'll be winding up being over there because he's going to be doing the games with Zinfur on QAM.
And of course, that is if they don't declare chapter 13 first.
But hey, how about those marlins?
They got John Canjolosi.
Which sounds like Canjolosi sounds like some kind of a like leprosy.
Some kind of a rare disease.
But they'll be okay.
They're going to go out there.
Wayne is on least a pocketbook.
He got all pissed off at your aunt's.
They're if he said you were an asshole.
You don't want to pay.
You want all these salary kept.
Then you get $55 million to that professional malcontent Alfred Albert Bell.
You jackass.
So even Wayne voted for the settlement.
How do you like that?
That's really saying something.
So I guess that means that now that he's a good guy.
We won't play that Wayne is an asshole song anymore, right?
Oops.
Do we really want to play this or not?
Asshole, asshole.
Yes we do.
That Wayne Heisinga's such an asshole.
He yelled at Manish that greedy churn.
You turt because he wouldn't take a shower with Hank Olberg.
Asshole, asshole.
He's Wayne Heisinga's such an asshole.
He's just like Hitler and Abe Abron.
What's that he's pounding on?
Asshole, asshole.
Wayne is the quintessential asshole.
The only thing there is left to say is drop jam.
Right away.
So our good post-Personal friends at Boston market of all places come through force on our at Hollywood Boulevard.
Little joys on his way immediately.
They might not have the meatloaf while turkey and ham suffice.
It's a limited menu today because it's, you know, Thanksgiving.
They may have it or not.
What do you mean they may have it?
It's a limited Thanksgiving menu today.
Yeah.
So like from yesterday when they closed until whenever Thanksgiving finally ends, the meatloaf has vanished.
It's disappeared.
Tell them to go dig around.
They'll find some meat.
I've learned in my life if you dig around long enough and far enough, you'll find some meat.
Anyway, so thanks, Joey.
Wayne is on his way for the food.
Whatever they got will take it.
Okay?
Are we going to be choosy today with everybody closed with our best close personal friends just shining us today?
Just when you go into pizza loft, tell Jeff Cohen, boy, you are a major asshole, man.
Let those guys down on Thanksgiving day when they come into work hard for you and to give you,
and he's even got a spot running day ponytail.
Oh, wait till we get to that spot.
That ought to be a good one.
Here's coconut creak.
Hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Happy Thanksgiving.
And back to you.
I'd like to give you an uplifting how I screwed over a frog story, if you'd like to hear it.
Yeah.
I have the, I do work, I work in convenience stores.
I will service convenience stores.
You told them?
Absolutely.
Whatever they need.
I told you.
I was in a mobile station down in Hollywood.
And there was probably about three or four people in line and this real, snolly looking old frog walked in.
And that's what it didn't feel like waiting.
It didn't feel like waiting in line.
So he muscled up to the front and he was basically looking for directions of what it was.
And from what I could gather with his stupid accent, he was looking for some place in Lake Worth.
Oh, yeah, that's a good place for him where the people are older than a Mathuzlana bad day, yes.
Absolutely.
If it didn't like a frog.
Right.
So the cashier didn't really know where he was going.
She said, you know, he said, well, do you have a map?
And she said, well, you have to purchase it because they were wrapped in plastic.
You'd have to rip it apart if you wanted to use it.
Well, he didn't like that.
So I pulled him aside and I said, come on out.
And I basically took him out.
No, because then he'd have to buy it.
But he probably wanted it was just to look at it, unfold, you know, and punch you around with it.
And then just throw it down on the floor and walk out.
Absolutely. That's exactly what you wanted.
Oh, isn't that great?
What a cheap bastard that is.
So what I did is, and I knew there were people watching that they were listening.
They were kind of upset because he cut in line anyway.
So I grabbed them.
I said, come on outside.
And I said, I'll give you directions.
So I sent them on to 95.
Now, I assumed he was looking for Lake Worth.
I know that 10th Avenue north is up there.
Right.
So what I did is I told him to get on to 95, which he was very familiar with.
And I told him to go to Southwest Tenth Street.
He said, ah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I know that 10th Street Tenth Street Lake Worth.
So I sent them to Southwest Tenth Street.
I told him to go about three miles west to the left.
So I go about three, four miles west.
You'll come to a toll booth.
Go through the toll booth and when you see university drive,
you'll have to exit and go right.
So he's somewhere and I hopefully still somewhere in time.
He probably wound up at Sloanies.
Yeah, he's at Sloanies.
He's somewhere in Parkland.
Hopefully he's with Rick Riley.
Nice work, pal.
You like that?
Excellent.
Can I get a request?
Yes, you can.
I know you don't like to podge your own with Riley's stuff,
but that Boca song?
Let me just tell you something.
Okay. That's not Riley's stuff.
That one happened.
I will admit that I spoke to a joints.
That's one that he played years ago and lost.
And I just found it.
So it's mine now.
But the Boca thing, Boca Brian did that for me originally.
And then Rick kind of inherited it.
He kind of swiped it.
And also I want to call somebody a douchebag.
But before I do it, I just want to let you know this person.
I'm going to call a douchebag.
His last name is the same as your head engineer.
Okay.
And so if I say his name, you can throw that in there.
Yeah.
Okay, we've got Winston and Jim Roy.
A broke douchebag.
And don't forget Patrick Roy.
Have a great day, pal.
Thanks.
Nice job.
There's a guy who's doing it, man.
So this is Rick Riley's, huh?
Just like my briefcases.
What?
There's a marvelous place.
I know all the wealthy people go.
It's where royalty play follow.
And that's what I like about Boca.
A down there he goes on never small.
A down where they say,
Help troll.
And every corner has a wall.
And that's what I like about Boca.
Spend 10 grand on golf course fees.
Spend the day in Jewish bakeries.
You should taste these delicacies.
And that's what I like about Boca.
Oh, these excuse our attitudes.
And our BMWs.
We find pleasure in being rude.
And that's what I like about Boca.
Raw.
Who chees belts and Rolex watches?
White shoes make us so obnoxious.
If you're clean, let you touch us.
And that's what I like about Boca.
We really don't care what you think.
You see how a doo-doo doesn't stink.
There's no coffee.
Only Mocha.
And that's what I like about Boca.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's what I like about Boca.
Oh, and by the way, speaking of the murdering OJ,
did you see the story yesterday and not everything that comes along?
You know, we got 20 witnesses that he's contradicting.
He's contradicting.
All don't confuse me with the facts.
Basically, it was his testimony.
So the new deal was, you know, the Bruno Mungly shoes.
And he said that the photo was doctored.
The one that the guy sold to the National Enquirer.
Well, guess what?
They found another publication that had published it before the murders.
So somebody must have been psychic.
There must be a psychic conspiracy because they must have known that the murders would take place.
That they would be leaving a shoe print with Bruno Mungly shoes.
And so they must have doctored the photo even before the murders took place.
How do you like that?
So I don't want to say that the man might just possibly be guilty.
Oh, man.
Oh, God.
So what is he going to say when they finally get through with the 85,000 more prosecution witnesses
and the defense calls them and puts them on a stand?
What's he going to say then?
Kill the cold.
Oh, thank God.
Better late than ever, OJ.
OJ.
And they're still out there getting autographs.
Hey, OJ, all those assholes, all those ass liquors out there.
Hey, we don't care if our football guys murder a few people or rape the few women or stuff like that.
Or if our favorite boxer raped a couple and went to the Islam or we don't care about that.
He did his time. He's a great American.
We just want to go there and worship at his feet because we only wish we could be half as much as he is.
It's 11th, 13th at WIOD.
Oh.
OJ.
What have you gone and done?
Why did you leave?
The bloody blood.
There were four of you thinking of OJ.
You almost got away.
Oh, best instead of driving around the freeways.
You should have been on Brazilian airways.
All your friends call you the Jew.
They say, I hope the children take care of you.
Oh, OJ.
Man, you could play.
Are you?
I used to watch you bus and tackle.
Now you walk around the shackle.
OJ.
You're on a desert time.
Remember to leave with your back to the corner.
Or you'll be walking like Tina Turner.
OJ.
Let's take up a collection for OJ.
He'd be in big trouble, man.
Even if he doesn't lose the civil case, they said he is broke.
The government's got a $685,000 in on his house.
He's going to boss the chicken.
He's going to blow up a balloon.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
I have been here complaining about the metro rail.
Having traveled to real cities, I can't imagine you were to attack
something like public transportation, something that real cities have.
We don't have public transportation.
We have a thing that was done for the benefit of the downtown people and the herald,
which only serves a very small number of people.
Guess what?
How's the traffic on Dixie Highway?
I was supposed to solve that problem, which is worse than ever before.
I wouldn't know, because I don't drive.
Yeah.
Cities that have mass transportation like Boston and Toronto and New York,
they have a real subway system or rail system.
You can actually go all over the area instead of a very limited area where nobody wants to go anyway.
How many people do you want to go to Halea?
I don't personally know.
There are probably 100,000 people right now trying to get out of Halea.
Nobody wants to go there.
Unless you want to go to Shorides for ribs, who wants to go down there?
This is Shorides since that day and south, so I'm right there.
Don't think there should be more.
You see it is a white elephant.
It isn't white elephant.
The ridership is minimal and it's a piece of crap.
And it cost a billion dollars to build it.
That was the only intelligent thing that Ronald Reagan ever said.
He made the observation after the thing was a bust since it was federal funds.
He said they could have bought everybody in Dade County a car
and had money left over for a billion dollars.
And that was true at the time.
Really?
I don't like to drive myself.
Yeah.
But I would be asking it.
So what's the point?
What are you trying to say?
The metro rail is great?
Okay, it's great.
Have a nice Thanksgiving.
We have an open line in Dade.
6229 for he doesn't like to drive.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
So while you geek out there who are afraid to drive just to go down the metro rail,
even though it doesn't go where you want to go, get hop on it anyway.
Hop on this, pal.
Here's to Miami on a mobile.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
This stupid holiday, man.
Buenos dias.
Happy Turkey.
Hey, so called religious dudes.
They were once a year to thank God.
Yeah.
Oh, it's like they say at Christmas time.
You know, that's a one day of the year you're supposed to be good.
How about if the other rest of the year you try to be like a decent person,
and at Christmas you go out and screw everybody.
How would that be?
Right, exactly.
That sounds good to me.
When's it coming?
Hey, I'm talking about the good off seat of Miami.
Yeah.
You know, they're in the verge of chapter 9 or 8, whatever.
Do you hear what your carolio said on the news last night?
Yeah.
Don't be 50 dollars.
God.
Anyway, you know, you got all this bunch of freaks, Mr. Tomas Regalado and Fredo Gordete.
Right.
And Hernndez and Carroio going to city.
A bunch of an animal people.
Exactly.
You know, so what do you expect?
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
What do you expect?
Unbelievable.
Right.
Can you play a whatever you want?
A couple of how to spell a done L.
How to spell with Darn L.
Yeah.
You got it.
Thanks buddy.
Have a happy path.
See you.
Okay.
Don't choke on that swishbone out there while you guys out there will be celebrating today.
This is Lone and the spell with Darn L.
I bet Darn L Jackson, and today we're going to spell the word grammar.
spell it with me now.
grammar.
g-r-a-m-m-a-r.
Now, let's use it in a sentence.
My grammar will be good.
And so's my granddaddy.
This is Lone and the spell with Darn L.
I bet Darn L. Jackson.
This is Lone and the spell with Darn L.
I bet Darn L. Jackson.
And today we're going to spell the word paradise.
spell it with me now.
Paradise.
g-r-a-d-i-s-b.
Now, let's use it in a sentence.
Whenever I go out to gamble, I always take along my luck as paradise.
Be good to me now.
This is Lone and the spell with Darn L.
I bet Darn L. Jackson.
I didn't know Darn L was port of Rican, did you?
Isn't that a port of Rican thing with the dice hanging from the area of whom here is that a...
What is that?
It's just any kind of low life.
I see white trash people around here.
That was George Rodriguez who said that the port of Rican's her low life is what he said.
He didn't come right out and say that, but that what he was saying being a Cuban himself.
The port of Rican's usually wave their flag.
The Cubans have like a little...
They have like a little Cuban flag hanging from their flag.
Those are port of Rican's.
And all my life...
Port of Rican's have a Cuban flag?
No, the Cuban flag and the port of Rican flag are similar so they get confused a lot.
But all my years in Miami I've seen one Cuban flag from a rear remuiler.
You've seen one Cuban flag, I've seen a lot more than that.
The rest of the port of Rican's.
Even lately.
Yeah.
And how about the Rosary beads hanging, all the Chachkis hanging from there?
Those are the big paradise.
Those are Cubans.
And then the dogs, the eyes moving in the back in the rear-view...
Those are Mexicans.
Oh.
Oh, I didn't know they had a car.
Maybe they ought to use the metro rail.
Let's go to a Riviera beach.
Hello.
Riviera somewhere.
Hello.
Gone?
Well, too damn bad.
They didn't know where the hell they were.
We have an open line on the green line.
One, trivel eight, nine, four, nine.
That really is the kick in the push, huh?
Riviera Beach, one of those real hot shots up there.
Here's Boka.
Hello.
Boka.
Yes, sir.
Happy all request, thank you for giving you.
Yeah.
Back to you.
I got a shameless request.
I thought it was Steve Nichol.
What is it?
A shameless request.
It's not going to take any work.
Okay.
It's cart number 30.
Cart number 30?
Yes, sir.
We don't have any.
We don't have any numbered carts.
Oh, you did in the past.
I'm Wemenia.
No, we didn't.
I'm Wemenia.
Never had any numbered carts.
The carts are always alphabet type.
They're like, we just with labels.
With names.
What is it?
I'm Wemenia.
Oh, Elmer Fud.
Oh, you're tall.
I know why you keep saying 30s.
He's talking about like disc number 30 from the,
okay, I'll find a Weemaway.
I appreciate it, Neil.
I'd like to dedicate it to Iber and Streeter from King and Koehback
if I can.
Okay.
Thank you, Neil.
See ya.
Okay.
Now, see now we got the problem, George.
Now we got this disc problem.
Anybody out there got a disc problem?
We'll find you a good counter-practor.
We got a little bit of a disc problem, ladies and gentlemen,
because we don't know which disc that beyond, huh?
Give me a guest, George.
What number?
I say 11 myself.
What did he say?
I'm sorry.
I was talking to Steve DeLie.
The Elmer Fud, the Weemaway, whatever that thing is called.
Nine.
Nine.
What do you speak in German now?
Nine.
I don't think youth really thinks so.
How do I know?
I put them all on there.
Yeah, I can't inherit things.
I'm going to go to the next day, night after night,
working like a maniac.
George came in here.
Everybody came in here except Rick or course.
And we worked like crazy to put this stuff on here.
And then we find out this ain't no good.
There's the rabbit sleeps tonight.
Oh, that's it, ain't it?
Yes it is.
Oh my God, guess what?
It's on this number 11.
What a genius that Rogers is, huh?
And the fall is the quiet fall is the rabbit sleeps tonight.
I sneak wide off, I get him tied up, he needs to pale moonlight.
Oh, my God is wetty, my hand is steady.
I've got him in my sight.
Don't want to kill him, just want to dwell him.
I hope he's nice and tight, and sigh.
Our humble way.
Our humble way.
Our humble way.
Our humaime way.
Our humble way.
Our humble way.
Our humble way.
Our humble way.
Our humaime way.
Our humble way.
Our humaime way.
Our hum lines.
my dipstick up on his whipstick and thank him for the dance.
But he's no waitie, he's like Ned Bady in the riverance.
As I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we moe, I we
we a final rim shot on there, so to speak. 1127 at WIudia.
It's really rare, she blew her kiss to the conductor. In the covers I would like to
a f***ing chair.
Seems New York is legal now to show the world you well in doubt
The big apple is the place to let your puppies breathe
I have no foreskin
Stop this on a train rolling down the tracks
Stop this on a train and you won't get no flags
This train should get a triple X rating
I've got so hot I started f***ing fading
Stop this on a train it's given me the fist
All the passengers are flashing me their t***s
I'm getting a rise in my cotton doggers
From all these girls flashing me their doggers
So that must be going on in the metro rail
One of the guys sounded so excited about all I think he wouldn't have cared about that sound
I'm judging from the sound of his verse
It's 1134 and it's WIODD's
Bouses are great but boy after the first 20 or 30 they'll kill you
And that's just in the morning
Here's a lady in the gables
Hello
Hi New
How you doing?
Happy Thanksgiving
Back to you
I called you a couple weeks ago to reach your happy birthday
Yeah
I wanted to call you again to talk about the food bomb feel bad
I didn't want to be a chronic call
So that's one of the reasons why I didn't call you back
Okay
Did you watch the avalanche in the ranges game last night?
No I did not
Ah, they were talking about um...
I saw the lowlights though
I saw Patrick Frog letting in one goal after another
He's slipping
Good
We have a great possibility when in the cup
Yeah we're in first place in league
How do you like that?
I love it
And we got two games in hand on the lanch
I know, I know
But did you hear if Colin Powell doesn't you know
Butch up they're going to replace them a possibility
Coach Barry Melrose
Colin Powell
They said that they made light
Colin Powell?
Yeah
Is the coach of the Rangers?
Is it Colin Powell?
I thought it was John Campbell
I thought it was Colin Powell
Colin Campbell
I'm sorry
Colin Powell has a slightly not much but just slightly darker complexion
I know I know
I can see how you could be confused
I know, I know
I know, I know
He's got a Colin problem
I'm sorry Neil
But like they mentioned that the possibility is that Barry Melrose
Alright boy they fit in like a glove
I hate Barry Melrose and I hate the Rangers and I hate Wayne Gretzky
I like it
I know
I love it
I'm the expert
Max made in purgatory
Okay, Neil
He's doing it with the food by the way
I go to the game but I know you fit in Section 106
Yes I do
You mind if I come over and say hello to you?
Why should I mind?
Everybody comes by and says hi
At least a few
Well, I didn't want to bother you like before the game
I usually get there to watch a practice at 630
I'm there
You mind if I stop by and say hello?
I would love to see you briefly
That's true
Okay
Thank you, happy Thanksgiving
Back to you
Bye-bye
We have an open line in day 622
So what do you got Joey?
What do they, that was pretty quick
Right down the old hersy highway
We know me, love?
We don't know me here
They need to handle
They're more meat than I can handle, wanna bet?
Joey says he's got more meat there than I can handle
Well, you're starting to get
And what's with the hair now?
Are you like doing your hair different?
To cover up the fact that your face is falling in?
If you know what I'm saying, he's got a whole new do now
Since he got married, he's got a whole new
Less dipty do in his duties
Oh, less do?
More talking, less do
Here's a lady in the sunrise lake
Oh my god, finally
Yes ma'am
You know, I was waiting for
You know, I was waiting for Thanksgiving for God's sake
Huh?
I wanted to give you something to be thankful for, finally getting on a year
I am so thankful
Listen, I've been listening to you for, you know, 100 years
100 years
For the baby
Right
And I just wanted to call and thank you because you are one of the blessings in my life, Neil Rogers
Well, how about that?
You're saying something like that
Everybody is so nice today, isn't this disgusting?
It's a little disgusting
But once a year you can handle it
And also the stalking
Yeah
That's right, I don't know if you remember me, but last year at borders
I kissed your ring
Like I kneeled before you and kissed your ring
Oh yeah, no, I don't
Oh, god, Neil, I can't picture of it, it's one of your questions
I don't remember what I had for dinner last night
You're gonna ask me if I remember last year at borders?
It's the sugar dammit, you gotta get off that sugar
It is, I'm not on any sugar, I'm doing good, I've lost seven pounds
Okay, well just keep it in the last week
In a week and a half, I lost seven pounds, since I came back from my eating vacation in Rome
Is mommy gonna try a test of you tonight?
Don't worry about mommy, just mind your own business
I'm concerned
I'm doing great
You know, I'm concerned for its upper seasons
Because if you have another heart attack and die, then it'll be really boring on you
Yeah, I'm not going anywhere, I'm staying alive for at least another 50 years just to piss everybody off
Wonderful
Listen, I just wanted to thank my husband for being such a great guy
And he's out on the road right now coming back from a football game
And if he got hurt, he might as well not even come home
Because I can't handle that
But what does that mean?
Well, because sometimes he gets hurt
He's playing a game, he gets injured, I don't want to deal with that
Well that's always good excuse I'm going out to play a football game, we've heard that one before
No, it's the annual 30 days
Oh yeah, I believe it, yeah
So one of the thank him on the air in front of God and you and everybody else
Okay
And if you as well and have a great Thanksgiving day
In front of you, good
Have a happy
Oh yeah
See ya
Two open lines in date, 622-9463
622-2WYD
Thanks to Boston Market, guys
These God, God
And Kevin the General Manager
And Kevin the General Manager and the God's of his boss
And who else?
And Sam the great big boss who called us and arranged the whole thing
Boston Market, Boston, chicken, whatever the hell they are, okay?
Boston Beans, Boston Baked, Boston Market, I got it
So there's two salads over there which I'm not eating that and where's my meat?
What do I want?
Or what am I going to get?
Is that the obvious question?
Where's my meat?
Exactly
622-2WYD
It's all request Thanksgiving day
Today and tomorrow that's stupid lines Kansas City game
Nobody wants to see that, it just started 1230
I think the pre-
Does the game start at 1230 of the pre-game?
Let me just take a look at that so I can, huh?
The game starts at 1230?
Well I'll sit here and just do a play by play on the game
Let's take a puke
Yeah, 1230 that Chiefs and Lions
Oh that's right, they have to do that because just in case that game runs real long
Or goes into overtime God forbid
They want to make sure there's plenty of leeway for the Fox people
Because that's kind of a conspiracy. Oh that's Turkey, that's great
But what about my meatloaf, huh?
I see some beautiful looking turkey, some turkey breast no less
Here's a Tamarack, hello
Hello Neil
Yes sir
Happy Thanksgiving to you
Thanks to you
You know tomorrow's the busiest day of the year for shopping
That is absolutely correct sir
Most of all it's the busiest day of the year for hospitals and stomach aches
Yeah
Hey Neil, I got a lot of reports for you
Okay
Listen, I'm an independent career
I can use my own vehicle for pickups and deliveries of packages, you know, etc.
And I'm like on the beach in Surfside by like a 94th Street
Where's my meat?
And one of these wannabe metro parking christmas officers is like right behind me as I pull in a loading zone
Four parking lanes long
I put my career sign in the window
Grab my clipboard and the box I'm dropping off
Get in and out and back to my car within two minutes
And this guy parking officer Assault W Perez is still right in the middle
Oh
A career who is loading and unloading all day in loading zones
A parking they get for parking in loading zone
Yeah
They kinda can't be this hard up for money
Don't do it again
Okay, we have an open line of bri- what are you saying to me?
There's no meatloaf in there
Well, they didn't have any meatloaf
They have everything fresh
They won't get a bring me they got turkey and ham, okay
I know I'm not gonna eat no vegetables
Well, you can't have no vegetables on the weekends
Is this guy dreaming or what?
Oh, look at Adam's thumb, doesn't that look beautiful?
It looks like a thumb
What? What is in there?
What is it?
Honey, honey
Now see, I can't have no honey glazed anything
I can't have that
How about if you just eat the inside and not the glazed outside?
Oh yeah, right
That's like saying, how about if we bring you like 20 pounds of
Entomans donuts and you just eat the whole thing?
Do I want what?
Yeah, I'll have some of that dry turkey there
Whatever that is, okay, well, this is...
You know, we thank these people real a lot, you know
But this is pretty...
Let me take a look at it
I have never seen anybody pochki around so much in my life
My God
I don't just want to look at the meat, I want it in my hands
Mmm
It's not dry at all
It's moist, it's tender, it's delicious
Mmm
The turkey and the turkey too
Cornbread, I can't have no cornbread
God, they said all kinds of good stuff for Adam and Joey and George
Too bad Wayne left so early
For him
Mmm
Thanks a lot again guys, this is beautiful
Too bad I can't eat that ham
Of course that wouldn't be cause you're not eating ham, Adam are you?
Adam's eating the ham, he's going straight to hell
Oi
Here's a Davy, hello
Hello
Next thing you'll be getting cheese in there, yes?
Hello, Neil
Yes sir
Yeah, this is Joe and Davy, how are you doing?
Okay, Joe
Hey, remember about a year or so ago
In Tamarack they had that law about tumid
Some of them stiff even though you're dressed
Turgent, not tumid, turgent
Turgent, yeah, if you have something tumid in your pants
Right, well guess what happened to you guys
Humid, not tumid, humid
If it's turgent and humid man, you're in big trouble
Guess what happened, I don't drive you guys
What's that?
The Oscar Mara Wiener Mumbio was headed north
Yeah
And here comes the pegs, right?
They pull him over
The driver's trying to get the car cover out
Because the Oscar Mara Wiener was too turgent
Right, and it wasn't limping up
Listen, they were trying to cover up, right?
And it ain't happening, okay?
Here comes the cop, there was a Japanese cop
with a metric tape, whatever you call it
And he's maging it, probably for the ticket
to make sure you know they get the most out of it
Yeah
And then there was American cop was there
And they were arguing about which way to write the ticket
Well guess who pulls up behind
Jim Mandage
No, Sally Fitz
Yeah
One to know if there was a...
Okay, we have two open lines in Broward, 767
After all of that, we get to this ridiculous story
Pal, I got news for, your material is worse than lunch
No, lunch is great, the turkey is good
Little on the, you know, it's moist
But it's, what are you laughing about?
What's in gravy on it?
What do you mean it's got gravy on it?
I said you could put some gravy on it
What gravy?
We got gravy?
I'm sure we have gravy, Joey
You asshole
Yeah, but what's in the gravy though?
It's probably like cornstarch and crap in there
that I can't eat
I'm not gonna drop the gravy all over the board, are you crazy?
Oh yeah, you can tell by how, oh boy
I can tell looking right through the cover that this gravy's got all kinds of carbohydrates in it
It is loaded with mung
If I can get the damn top off of this stupid thing which I don't want to spill it all over the board
Because I don't want to get
Pro, pro, pro
I said
Yeah, see if you can know, you're gonna spill it, I'm telling you that right now, mister
I'm telling you right now, man, your career is gonna be very short-lied
First it brings in that real crappy version of smoke this in the morning
You said it was gonna be great, it sucked
We have an open line in Broward, 7679463
It's 1144 at WIOD
Hardaway left one, left side line Marley 3.0
Oh, he hit it
Oh, he hit it
Oh, he hit it
I don't mean that was a 3, I mean that was from the moon
From the moon from his restaurant about three blocks from here
