Let's go to Mulberry. I'm all you're on the RWS UN. Hello. Yeah, hello. How are you guys?
Yeah, what was that? How's everybody? I advise everybody just fine. Good. Good. Listen to you all the time and
Enjoy your show and they don't know good talent when they got it. That's for damn sure off it is to a cell phone
I sell you're on the RWS UN
Yeah, let's all phone. Oh, hi. Hey, Matt dog with that man. Oh, it's not obvious
What's happening. I'll tell you what's happening. I'm being insulted once again Rogers is in the studio for like four minutes and
Already here comes Velvita with a selection of snap all over the place
I ran for you today great. I should have picked up that stock when it first opened. He opened at 20 what 29
Yeah, grab one. That's really this is about 40 now. I think
I like the lemonade. Flying upwards. It's zoom in. Well, I gotta tell you something this red guy is a real apple. Yeah, he is
Oh, man, I can't believe you even put him on here
What show you're listening to Bob will put anybody on there you go listen Bob
I noticed since today's last day I'm gonna be here. He is using all the call today
He is pulling out all the time. I got burned on that
Ray a kind of thing right in here. Oh, I did. Oh, that's just for behind the traffic. Well, I didn't know that
I thought it was some kind of you know a great bit. Yeah, and I'm sitting here and I'm waiting and I'm waiting
It's going on you like 45 seconds. I would have heard that that must have been entertaining. Oh it was
Hey, Neil. Yeah, good to see you up here, man. Well, thanks a lot now. You coming out to West Shore tomorrow
It's absolutely I want to I got a question asked is sure nobody gonna be there. I don't know for sure
But that she's not working. I guess you'll come out. I mean need to see everybody's coming out everybody's coming out
There you go. Well, I'm going to West Shore too. There you go
Hey, listen great talking. I just will be the cup signs that
That I see I called about five weeks ago
Couple of signs I see that says that you are going big time Robert is that
You're you're getting a lot of commercial airtime and and it's very difficult to get through to you guys in the lines now
Well, thank you very much. So keep up the good work and Neil
Have a happy trails down back down to Miami and God bless you my son. See you man. Okay. By the way, I got a report that
The buzz in the lobby at WFLA's battle
Yeah, the buzz in the lobby was a laceter and Rogers everybody was talking
Because a lot of people didn't know that I was back or that you were on over here and everybody kept saying to everybody else
I'd worth echoed hall last Tuesday night for for their battle the talk show. Oh, oh, yeah
The battle of the talk show has come. Yeah, what a catching in that it really is a must-emade opi really happy
All that promotion very well
They are pathetic and thanks to channel 13 by the way who did a really nice segment that they came out to shortses and peed all over us for like hours
and did about two minutes on the 11 o'clock news last time and then some guy named opi apparently showed up and smashed their windows and afterwards
I wouldn't be surprised if I triggered that guy. I don't want to admit it
But you know, he did show up around midnight the segment came on at 11 o'8 then probably I triggered something inside of that came
Maybe it was his David Katen like
inner
repressed emotions. I didn't see the bit that I get a lot of airtime
The top of your your ball spot was on air and she had my face. It was a Neil Rogers piece
Now they showed your face briefly. I said yeah, the the real fat guys there too shut up on taking calls here. Hello
Hello, hello. Yeah, I
Yes, I just wanted to share my feelings about your show and and Neil
Uh-huh, I just don't don't like Neil at all. Oh, why not? It's a problem. I feel so
I like you a lot better
Well, guess what guess what sir next week you'll be here all by himself. I'll have those charcoal those certificates to give away
We'll be back in Miami with all the other heathens and you can rest easy
Well, we won't be here intruding on your space. He got to understand
Got to understand that after you're taking off of that crap it starts
What about you have Randy Rhodes disease? What the man speak?
Yeah, what's what does he have to hear it? It's not a clock in the morning and the man is in coherent does he has Randy
Rose and doggy downers. Well, why don't you take the paper towels and the spritzer over there and go clean up the studio
Me when Neil Neil doesn't want to hear something he's not gonna let the person speak go right ahead take all the time you like and I just
I don't I don't think you
Kiss your butt. Yeah, I don't want to kiss his butt or your is either sir. Okay. I'm not into the
Out of the matter with my fight. I don't want to kiss it. Why not even your in-laws don't want to kill your wife said
Somebody could kiss it last night about that car. She's still frosted about
Oh, tell me I tried to make make a light of it to try to loosen her up a little bit
I said you're one of the people that mentioned it to her
Oh
A match made in heaven this can now this can try can try my ass
Bony just calm down relax just take a deep breath on your head another problem that can't you stick a relaxed spot
Oh, you can't touch good
So you should have been here earlier because like a George and boy cheese were off the hall and
George was gossiping left and right about boy Gary eyes. It is not it is not
It's true and the funny thing is gossiping about boy boy was saying a boy Gary does that some boy Gary does that does no
He doesn't well. I know he does but the funny thing is is the boy cheese
Listen to this walking turdburgers. He does have Randy Rhodes disease in a
Decadement to the future of the isn't there any known cure?
Isn't there some kind of vibe you know of injection we can give him?
They'll be stuck in Judea Park so anyway like I'm saying
Boy, Jesus ended up in the hall shaking his head going on
He's stuck in perpetual park and virtually everything that George is saying is stuff that boy cheese does and boy
Jesus out there. Oh, that's terrible. I don't know how you work under those conditions. Oh, I feel so sorry for you. Oh
It was absolutely disgusting. I've never seen anything like in my entire life
I was not you're not gonna say anything. What am I gonna say to respond to that?
What would it be the purpose why would I waste my time? Why would I dig my mind? George when I come on it came on the air and said this
I said boy you should have heard what I just heard out there then George. I mean, oh he's on the air
No, I didn't say that. No, I didn't say that what would you totally intimidate about you?
Now should I do my attack on the bird now or should I wait for 105?
I guess I'll wait there's no point doing that for eight or twice what an asshole you are bird brain
What an idiot. I thought he was gonna be here for a couple of days in fact Monday. I'll confess I
Invited him to come back. We had a pretty good time Tuesday was a debacle. It was a disaster
He started bringing some of the old rodents out of the woodworking. I thought well, okay. Let's not press our luck
We went out to park him out at two o'clock. I said thanks have a great day drive carefully
But I never expecting to see him in here again. When's the morning? I'm sitting here with you. I'm gonna shut that off
I can't stay there because it can be my show
It is so bulky
What's this obsession with hockey?
So you're saying so anyway, I'm sitting here and it's like a quarter to ten
I look around all of a sudden here he is again. Yeah, I said I didn't think you were coming in today
He said neither did I
He did it. I
How you do that well. Yeah, and then there's day he's here again
Yeah, feeding him and feeding him and feeding him and you can tell the audience is like foaming at the mouth and George
Tells me like 80% of the people are calling down there who are bitching about when the hell is he going back to Lakeland and getting the hell off the show
So then he and George apparently
It's all the time though. I finish with one story. You are the biggest loud mouth just smokey
Randy Rhodes is smoke your bag if they're in shut up for a minute. Will you blob all right?
So he you know can't just leave here yesterday
It you know, let's say at the end of the show. Well, it's been fun
I'm not coming back tomorrow. It's been enough
But you know thanks for the lunch and thanks for the memories. No sticking around a while to suck around with Rick and suds under the
Guys of well, he wants to talk about some of the local personalities Jack Harris
Like I don't know who Jack Harris is right and all this other crap and he spent about 30 seconds on that
He spent about 30 seconds saying the channel 13 is the best local news of any station in America and we do love all our friends
The channel 13 who love us to a point of almost neurosis. They're good
But to make a statement like that is so asinine as to be absurd rhymes with turd and bird and then he goes it launches into the whole
The real reason for him staying here is a ledge camaraderie with suds because he says well
You know suds being a sidekick is such a tough job and you have to walk that fine line
and
Goes through this whole
Self-aggrandizing thing and sucking around about how their show on driving should be in the broadcasting hall of fame and about suds is such a great and of course
You know when Neil used to be out sick. I used to fill in for him and just like you suds. It was always a great show
And the audience is out there just spitting blood. You can just see them
Just fuming and saying get the hell out of there already go the most self-flags
He still lives in perpetual denial
Distributed like he just lives in a state he doesn't want to admit that he was canned by me not by Disney
Oh speaking of Disney boy, that's gonna be a great story. What?
The WCKG story still going on. I talked to food last night and he didn't really have any details
He said it's still going on so apparently we don't know the guys names litigation. I did I forget it to tell you the truth
He was in Minneapolis. Oh, it was a different right big dude in the studio
No, I wasn't taught he was doing some type of an FM you know morning music kind of show
And that's what it was higher for what you guy like that should be doing a sports show 350 a year
Have you told a story on the year? Yeah. Oh, I love it. Yeah
