For a special guest right here in the studio with me none other than guest not a guest
We don't have guests. Well, you said you're the best place for you're sure you're softening on the other guest
Place for boogers wait to hear this you're gonna you will fall off the chair checkers
Oh
Checkers is a lot plays for what don't come in don't come into my town and ridicule the taste of my audience of my friends and neighbors
What did they do to the neighbors of Bokin?
Ray and lutes or what
More than how were the taste buds of the people that besides having no taste with Lionel whose voices like
They's great to hear this on the plane lutes. I'm telling you the best place for burgers is checkers
You have to be up to town and knock my friends and they have a hard to prove that you're on welfare before they let you
Weed at checkers. That's how they didn't do the survey in lutes because somebody lost the crayon
Is like burn steakhouse compared to checkers and this goes on raving about people have
Focusing the eyes and the shakes. How do you compare that with steak and shake?
Why don't you just accept it?
Those of us heathens who live in Miami would kiss the ground to have steak and shake and this
Cocka made me think here the the readers of the tribune say that checkers is the best place
This has got to be a benefit of those of you listening at home. What has happened this morning is the tapet tribune
I know not everybody gets the tapet tribune. Thank God has published there, you know best of the annual thing
They do the best burger place the best this the best of that well one of the things that was you know the best
Of was unfortunately the best talk show host and guess who didn't win
And is Justin here throwing a hissy fit wait listen the best restaurant for a last date
Nick Doddels I
Love it. Well, you see they they didn't have a sense man. This is just incredible
This whole thing has to be a put on aren't they aren't they putting this on who publishes this like like who publishes the
Tampa Tribune I have no idea. I think it's the Tampa Tribune company. No, but it's like from somewhere else
You know, I mean you have no idea or it might be a night reader publication come to think oh well
Let's find the front hey where's the goddamn front page of this thing and find out who's responsible for this swill
Does he hear I think the same people who publish players publish the Tampa Tribune myself
So where's the master kid published Alex at Sunday?
No, it's by the Tribune company media general
Who the hell is that media general much are red next probably from lutes
I don't know who all they own but they own a lot of this paper blows man
I want to go on record right now saying the Tampa Tribune could be one of the most
Perotial remote and pathetic newspapers. I've ever read my life
I mean all the years I have looked up to you all the years have been my radio guide
Little Pith like you just a little beat you contrived crap. I don't expect to be in there. Okay. Although I do have a bigger number than you got
I didn't get a number yet. That's the point
I know
No, I had a point. I think you're gonna be people don't understand the book and you're sitting there lying through your teeth
You know that I was not included in that last friend. Yeah
So anyway, these people of the hockey game last night said oh and the nail. Oh, that's blob over there. How you doing blob?
Am I right?
Oh
That's what they said. They said Neil you're great. Oh, who's that over there? Oh blob. How you doing? See a lot
Golfports a good morning golf or you're on the air WS1
Oh, oh, oh
Hey, we don't need Joe's stone crab. We have red lobster here exactly now you're talking some class
I see what this is all about now. It's simple. It's plain. It's like
No fancy tablecloths just plain old crap, right? That's what the Tampa Tribune is all about plain old crap
Hey, you can wrap fish with that temperature view exactly
But only if you get it at what's that at Long John Silver's yeah, what's wrong with that? That's the best who needs burns
We got sizzler exactly now. We're talking heavy duty. You know it
You know, I have an absolutely horrible miserable Puking-Duking shameless request. You're not the chronic end
Where's this guy called from? I
Go for you. I'm not a chronic. Okay. You sound like that former home of Lionel the golf board lawyer
Well Lionel graduated from the same law school, which I now attend here. Oh, you're kidding. So you're the new golf board lawyer? Yeah
Oh my god, you know, I lived in Miami all my life. I listened to you for 10 years
I'm stuck up here in this Marlin hating St. Petersburg area where if you're under the age of death
You can just forget it. I'll tell you one thing we had a good young crowd at the hockey game last night
He's over in golf. What that is. Oh golf for it. Yeah, it's death
I got the day off today. Yeah, it's sunny. Can I come by and say hi?
Come by where come by here? Come by the station. No, no way. Well, what do you look like?
I look like Jagger. Yeah, right
Mick probably Mick under what do you mean come by and say hi? They're gonna let you in here
I can't drive all I live 40 miles away from peaches. I can't come out there Sunday. I got a study
Sir, sir, let let me explain some of the facts of life to Neil and I of course are getting you
Manga's gobs of money for appearing tomorrow at peaches
So we will pretend to like our public
But we just don't let anybody come up here and you know glad hand with it. Why not? How much money can you bring?
Why not food? I bring anything Neil. I just want to come by. How fast can you get here? You'll bring anything?
You can come by. Where's the Militant? You'll God card. Tell him it's in my sack. I brought all my crap don't worry about it
Did you bring the carts to yeah? Yeah, I brought a lot of crap and my carts to a few of them. So can I come by later just tell them that we gave you
Executive a permission or something like that. No, they'll they'll give you the guided tour. You're serious. Yeah, I can come by you can come by
Kurt will let you sit in his lap really yeah, he's the only person's lap I can sit in well
God yeah, or blah blah let you sit in his lap. That'll cover a lot of territory. All right nine o'clock
What do you mean nine o'clock? How are you gonna get it?
Is there somebody gonna let him in at nine o'clock? Yeah, the doors are okay. No sweat. I think they'll be able to get in
I couldn't but you'll be able to get in okay Neil your god see you
God now it is a little bit behind the time one line available. It's in Pinellas the telephone number five seven six
US I want this audience to wake up for a last-minute man
You people should be kissing his fat ass that he came back here to give you his tremendous deep balls
And is a centaurian opinions or whatever the hell it is and I just can't believe it seriously
They ought to be just like this kid they ought to be knocking the door down just kissing you all over your
Big fat discussion
You are implying that they don't like me that I don't have any audience and just a couple of weeks ago
I just a couple of weeks ago
I'll be out there with sandwich boards promoting and telling the whole world that you
You said I mean these people love that fat man like just
That's gonna be a just amazing. I've got it all on tape man
I have everything you ever said does your whole show consist of little snippets of me saying crap on a year
Is that is that a show uh-huh? Okay
But yeah, by the way they are so muddy can I recut them more you know we like that come on
Understand that's part of the charm of the no it's not part of the song of the available blob card that it goes
It's muffled we like that 15 minutes after the hour of eight o'clock
After the hour of eight o'clock 56 Tampa 55 degrees. I just you know just uh
Fit all your cards there, you know, it's it's
Like alive just like they don't have the pot open you damn right. I don't have a pot. Come on glob you say wait
I say you think I just open it up which number is one one can you handle? I don't know which one it is all I have to open off three for God's sake go ahead
Oh
Okay, just a little quicky to see if these are hooked up. Yeah, well they're hooked up. Okay, they're hooked up
You might have to play with a volume a little bit because that's on a little low
Oi
Really okay, oh there you go. It's not that one when you cut the crap already
I did this what do you mean you are so easy? You know, do you want to go for the t-shirt or not? Yeah, okay?
So can you identify this caller I get all the things I want
Rose
Okay, give the idiot a t-shirt. Okay, we got him very good. That was Rose. Yeah, very good
Well, I don't know the name of any of the other female callers so that would be it. Oh
God, okay 21 minutes. Was it bill from Newport, Richie?
I get all the sick that was bill. No, no, it's velvita. Let's go to Tampa. Hi there, Tommy
Let's go to Tampa. Hi, Tampa. You're on the same. Do you Tampa, asshole? Let's try safety harbor? Maybe they're not assholes there. I
Safety you're on the air. Hey, that's right buddy. We're not assholes. That's right. No, and safety harbor is one of my favorite places
Indeed, and I'll say this man. Yeah, yeah, man. Hey, Neil, you know, hold a candle to Bob. Oi
Thank you. I know
I'm your worst day. Hold a candle. Great. Hold a candle to this. Okay, but we send this guy to your shirt couple
Yeah, great. No, send him a candle. I think he knows where to put it. Yeah
Yeah, better than you
Bob, I even stole it up. That's true. That's better than you. I was better than him. The three and a half years. I was gone
Neil, I had hired an ass you said the three and a half years. Those cops house you stay in and yeah, right? You're down there
Lame me. Yeah, we're down here. Miami with the Marley
With our baseball team and with Baldwin has then gone. We had a bunch of Jews and Cubans down there and fags get out of your
Ansel. The moment they're going off the moment is about to queer right exactly. Okay, stick that candle back where belongs
Hey, let me tell you something. You can this is got calls the great call
I'm here with this. I came down here for this. I love this guy out this great call. Oh this abusive idiot
I don't think around. I'm saying this is a call. No, underlacitor is blown it out his nose here. My audience loves calls like that. God
God almighty one line available. Something else. May let's go to oh
Whoa, we like calls from sun city hiders sun. You're on the air WSU N
Mr. Rogers you have no intention of even coming near sun city to know I sure it on sir
Quite frankly, I can't find my teeth. Well, I would certainly hold so
Yourty forces have been we have
By God, we've got enough trouble with that. They've been notified by God. Did you say? I thought he was busy with a guy in Texas
Lute in the day. I'm airway. Let me ask you something sir. What I went down the stanza. Can you answer your question for me?
I certainly can okay
When was the last time you had a really meaningful bowel movements sir?
Oh three days ago. All right. Well listen go work on another one
I don't go for fakes or you're you're not for real
You're in airzots human being man. What you live on the cro- you're in chrome aren't you?
Cronen yeah, that's a disease man. Cones. Do you think that's what you got?
That's where they ought to put you in that damn detention center right exactly
I'm going in there right now. Okay with you we can like put our teeth in the same glass asshole
These are the kind of calls I've been waiting for now. Let's just zip right through all right boy
Every retard every metal reject every reject from the human race here. They come out of the woodwork from out of their rock
Yeah, what do you want plan?
Neil you're
Yeah, now we're talking are we lentless? What's that I am relentless?
Falling out of a window you better not stand there a window when I'm near you use a son of a bitch
whoa
And you think you're not funny go to Key West where you belong. Okay, you think yeah. Oh another great call guide
I let me ask you a question can I ask you a question? Yeah, sure how many phone lines are they tying up at if I like to make these calls?
I don't know but these are great calls. They are good. Oh man. I'm not the hey
She was going to do lines in the spot. She was called the other guy before that first punk that wasn't that was pathetic
Boy just because he said he had not a ball movement three days. No, not him. I'm not ready to ready more either come on move along
Let's take a lot of calls here. I can't stop here. This is morning drive, you know too many interruptions
I hope Belvedice at home listing. We hope you feel better Tom. But when I say too many
I thought he might know boys changed the line. Well, Justin was great. Donald
Barnard Cato Barnard Cato. Oh, there's Uncle Neil down there, you know fetching in his bag again looking for more carts my show
But he's going to run his own carts. Cock alone. Oh great. That's a very popular one up here. Let's go to
To your underwear WS UN
Oh, that uh, oh, let's get with the program. Yes sir. Come on. Welcome to go to the US UN IOD
Whoops Ron card. Hey. Yeah, I'm gonna be boring for all those other people
Relentless sir. You're absolutely relentless
I was just I couldn't believe I turned on the radio. I was gonna give Neil call today because I read the Tampa Tribune
I was kind of bored of uh, what are the what are the Tampa Tribune say?
Survey what are the Tampa Tribune say? He's talking about the
So how do you like checkers sir?
Those are the best damn boogers that money can buy man. Chili dogs too. Oh, yeah the very best and the best shakes
I get the shakes just thinking about it. Well good beats to go to the table of the Tampa Tribune
And those who read it have tasted in your ass, man you people are
Exactly
To do get the same peat times instead huh? No, just uh, just don't get a newspaper. It's depressing. Oh, I go get USA today
They got a lot of nice colorful pictures and maps and uh, pretty colors. Yeah, that's what I like
Yeah, exactly
I love that weather map
Huh, that's pizza and Tampa pizza hut. Yeah, pretty good huh best flavor of ice cream vanilla
Now we're talking excitement man
No wonder people people Tampa Bay have spoken of you know, I don't think they're on a damn class action suit by the people living this community
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, now you understand why people all over the damn rest of the world think that this is the most boring place in America
Because they read the goddamn Tampa Tribune now I understand
I understand why players magazine didn't want to touch you with a 10 foot pass you on the bread
Wonder bread now we're talking let's take another call
Let's go to Jill in Newport, Richie
Don't you just like to say feel this
That was your buddy that wasn't Jill is Bill a
K.A.D. man you got to screen those calls better in the air
Morning, she wears her little skirt so Bill is Jill in the morning
He's probably on his way to church to see the priest yeah, Ryan Ryan to see the bishop or maybe he's on his way to see the Cardinals
Yeah, okay coming up on 28 minutes after the hour of eight o'clock
I have been invaded in my studio with his own cards
Do you have any of my cards in there can you play any of mine?
Oh, this is exciting watching
I don't have the cup of cards. How would this be?
Well, yeah, I don't have a bone spot. That is not me. That's that's Larry King
I know the difference between my voice and Larry King's voice. Yeah. Yeah, I do. Yeah
How's that? Oh, it's great great
Well, you know, maybe we can do you know, doing cards here or something
Hi, here's mine. Here's mine
Huh, yes indeed probably the last time we'll play that but I thought I'd save it for you unless you want to take it back to my Andy with you
What's that that's the lensky song? I love it George would pay a lot of money to have that all bet he would how much
You went a little bit for him an hour is wage
75 cents and don't pay very much down. So anyway during the news break
If Sherwin having like a sexual experience while she's doing that weather or what what is what kind of a weather is that sure in the body
It's gonna be 75. I'm telling you I guarantee you that she's you're just you're just all been out of shape because she's got a deeper more manly voice than you do true
So anyway
Bob is explaining
The lay of the land here and he said Tom Velvita can be a little bit tough to
Deal with because he's so erotic
Is Mary no about this or what the rest of the story got almighty Tom Velvita is erotic
Dead incredible
No, God
That's incredible cut the crap already gets the battle of the carts here this morning. I know I know
I know I'll keep you know just keep in mind that I control the volume on yours and I have not turned them down
Yeah, and also the land time go take a nap out in front too for an hour
I have kept that in mind. Let's go right to those phones immediately plan city either plan. You're on the air
WS UN
Hey Bob
Great show blob
Baby
Yes, go on the market for a Jeep yeah, I'll probably a lot more so than I was earlier today
Well, grand Cherokee or as well. I don't know
You know that I was really serious and you know granted I'm stumbling here this morning on three hours of sleep
And I was just throwing out anything that came to mind that I am serious a lot green our general manager at W.I.O.D
drives a Cherokee Jeep company vehicle. That's what a classy outfit we got. I've got a Laredo and we love it
Laredo that's what one of the C.J. Series though, isn't it? No, it's a Cherokee. Oh Cherokee Laredo
Okay, it's a little Laredo though. It's got the six cylinder
It's an 89. I have no problems with it
Oh, for real. Yeah
Why didn't buy it here? We don't know you for real much down here, but
Hey look, you know, we'll talk about Corvette later. I'm sorry caller. Please go ahead
You know, he's Mike my guest has been very rude. Okay. Well my wife uses it to drive over Corvette. Oh really?
Oh, now I'm starting to sound like you know, can I get one here before 10 o'clock? Sure. I don't want to send over to me
I'll have the muffie just to run a check down
Okay, honey if you're listening go right down to the Jeep dealer and pay for it
Okay, thanks then. I appreciate oh you don't like when I say I appreciate you
Oh
Now we've heard his fill and you're talking to me hurt my feelings. I'm reading the paper here
I'm waiting for you to get this personal call over with here. Come on
Let's get the right break it get like a morning show I want to talk about you
I know
Morning show here is like running run and they're not even on the air anymore
Let's go to samfah. Hi, Sammy. You're on the air Oh
Yeah, hey man. Hey, I thought this was the Bob Laster to show you. Oh, I couldn't wait till we get one of these
These are always my favorite we always get these I thought this was the Rick and Sonshow. What's that fat bag doing on there now?
Hey, Neil, how's it going bud? Great pal. Good to have you. He says is this somebody we know?
No, somebody we want to know this is all a time great. Never has the nerve to call it all right
It's about time. Don't you think it's about damn time this town got off their ass and started giving Bob the kind of support that he deserves
Yeah, Bob's alright. He's not too bad. He's okay. Yeah
But anyway
We hanging out for a couple days or what Neil? Yeah hanging out
Another personal call gonna go to one of my great friends that we have here in the Tampa Tribune like the Olive Garden
Have you ever eaten at the Olive Garden, sir?
Yeah, it's all right. Yeah, all right. The bell is better a lot
Yeah, and Donatella's and Bellas. Yeah, and the good fellas. Yeah
Oh, you know, it's a good place to go for lunches
Lorelos. Lorelos. There's another one. Yeah, they're funny how they all rhyme and that funny because they like to keep things simple simple things for simple people
That's what we do it here. Well, listen. You all have a great day now. Hey, can I call somebody a douche bag? Sure
Stanley is a douche bag
Okay, see ya. Okay, take care there fun seeker five seven six WSU in Pinellas
Hillsborough 221 WS one although that's the only place there is a line open in Hillsboro
Which we could write down as are the one just in case you might one two a little later on
Okay, let's go to let's go to Willie in Newport, Richie either Willie in Newport, Richie
Hey honey boy, I can't imagine who does a new guy get this
I can't imagine why do you think every other call from the he's got jilly Willie
Let's take a contest who could that be let's think of the first 75 guesses don't count, okay?
They all rhyme with Billy, but it's Willie and silly Vanille and Millie
Well, who do you have a lot of here give it out of our face that was your pal my pal who Billy from
silly Vanille well, what's he what's he?
Sorry, but like no t-shirt for you
What the hell man?
A-44 by the way that yeah that's coming up here the lawyer of the future
The Reynolds replacement right on this Dennis Larry no cure for cancer CD at great expense WSU and if he show
On a great expense of WS if he showed up and we're gonna give it to him because nobody will take it off your hands
That shows you what a parochial all town is this nobody. Well, I'm great
CD there aren't too many Catholics here. Let's go to clear water. Hi clear. You're on the air. Yeah, hey guys
Hey clear this new club out like checkers, right? What guys like checkers? No
The not purchase people who read the Tampa Tribune said that checkers has got the best bookers in town you're like
Tiddly winks all those are on the kind of brother should bring back those are the kind of brothers you bring up right
Listen, they all you didn't bring fat rich at what you did no boy Bob you get some pretty big shoes to fill yes, I do
Hey, come on some reduce back. Yeah, Luke from bowl. You're one heck of a big douche bag
Okay, have a great day pal and don't ever do this again
And by the way, can I make a suggestion to him?
Yeah, you have great calls you have a really great callers here. I mean it's really pretty
I show this is your show. These are your callers. This is not my callers my callers don't call call up and say
Let me try to get this iconic bitch that called me for how you're disgusting
You've got it and you're relentless and you're about to window
I hope you go to Key West and then get AIDS and you're wonderful and stick it in your nose
She didn't say she should get AIDS. She was thinking about it. Okay. Uh, excuse me exactly
844 the time
Oh, this is a call or a card. This is a call
the Bob
Sodom and Neil Gamora show you got that's that's Bob Gamora and Neil Sodom sir
Well, I'll ask you to sunken all time while now bringing this deviate from date up here
Yeah, I haven't a living Broward sir. Okay, so let's start doing my hair. You work the day
Anti-Sus no where you live. No, it's just bigoted asshole. If you get out your dress
He knows exactly where you lived. I am not begging it
You're an but you aren't obnoxious asshole. You admit to that part of it. No, I do not yes
You did you did I just said that you and obnoxious bigoted asshole. You said I'm not bigoted
So two out of three eight man. Okay, even Pete Rose don't bat 67
Disgusting vulgar vile can I ask you a question to sir? How about some prune juice? You think that might clean out your system
You idiot? God
Here you ever get out of the house you just sit there with a phone up your ass you moron come on
Let's get with it. He got some disser is that it doesn't just
Just hold on to what these cops depated me. It's was the other day when he sits in the bathroom with guy off
Okay, let's get on to somebody who's alive. Oh, he's already hung up like spot. He hung up because he's a moron
You're driving away my calls finally got to the truth to the bottom of the matter
Either that or maybe nature's calling finally 576 WS
You know, it's just a valid two one WS you went in Hillsboro all other areas toll free 1 830
560 doing WS
Look I get you're born away my calls man. I got a bump to numbers here. I mean we have a nice friendly little chat
My morning with the president. They will be here in the area. Every line will be lit. Okay, I'm walking out
How do you like that go at the door hitch on the way out? Okay 915 last year on news talk radio day
You stay right where you are or else all good my hands on those cards last year on news talk radio 620 WSU
All right, what the hell? Yeah, did that take more calls not gonna take more calls Mr. Rogers or
Should I play some stick or just want to shmoo's let's let's take a lot of clothes. Okay, let's go to clear water
Hello clear you're on the earth WSU N. Hey, great show Bob. Oh, thanks. So thanks clear
Neal it's about time someone ripped Fred the asshole. He told him how it is
Yeah, but don't you like the fact that we squeezed a little bit of honesty because he said that he was not bigoted
But he isn't obnoxious asshole. I appreciate that. I like it. Yeah, cuz Bob would say I appreciate that
Bob let's go and talk and talk and talk and Bob need to do a little bit with you
Bob show Bob
I'm doing a show you need a secure time. Don't you understand if Bob had the kind of hot phones that we got here since I said down
Every day between six and ten he wouldn't have to put assholes on your
Hot phones that you have you were just crying
You know, I just said that every line will be lit when we came back. Is it not?
Yes, you guys haven't had to beg for a call since you've been there right? That's right since I came in and
I said we have a shelf death out there frantically calling in we're trying to deceive Opie
Ron is scaring
Anyhow about this. Yeah wouldn't be something of all those people that we had at the McLear water mall last time if there was all I put off
Oh
Something shipped him up. I talk about peaches tomorrow. Let him talk. It's you're gonna be out. Yeah, I love him to do right
Okay, you're a scholar what's the point of showing up early you guys are just giving out pictures right?
Follows. What do you mean by?
I have like a show and wait a minute. Wait a minute. There is gonna be food. Yeah
Well, do we know about this so that we can tell the audience or is this
So it's in the promo's it's in the recorded spots. Yeah, but I don't we talk about it. Well, I don't know anything about it
We're supplying food for the troops that are coming by and who's bringing it?
Cash care. Oh cash and guy
I'm gonna be cash and carry that I know it's a supermarket. Yes
Well, they also have catering and a deli and take really oh great
I think it's super market is cash and carry my favorite too. Oh, we shot there all the time. Yeah, Mary wouldn't go anyplace else
Yeah, you guys address the crowd is gonna be like a show type or are we gonna address the crowd?
No, we're gonna undress the crowd while I'm dressing for there definitely early. All right, okay
Is it gonna be like
Individual more than I were gonna work on each individual. That's right. I'll depending on what they look like
Okay, that's what I want you know, I are going to you know personally
Greed by the women and I'll address the guys something for everybody. It isn't widely known
But we do have a song and dance routine that we do that we used to do when we both worked in called the old Neil and Bob
That's right
And then we some of that going on there too. I think
Okay, see a nine twenty one the time what do you mean? I use one of your fans?
That's good guys great to desperate. That's what we mean desperate couldn't you hear the sound of his voice?
Let's go to Tampa. I'd say up here on the RWS you want
Hi Bob
Hi, I'm
Hello, this is more of a film remember this Bob get any real calls or these all make believe you're all your calls man
The leprechauns and fairies you bring out the worst day bring out the worst of my audience. You're so negative
Do you still have your looking charms?
Yes, they know that Bob is
Is
Morning
Wow, if he's morning that you'd have to light up the whole goddamn town. What do you mean moon lighting? I?
WS you and ma'am I am I
WS you and he is WS you and he's the son and the moon. I saw you working at the donut the white
Yeah
Get off my phone you jerk get out of my life that was the best call I've ever heard that was great
I know if they say I got to put you up a little bit
Oh
This is a special one just for you and don't go ballistic on me. Okay. Don't go
Is this gonna be a cart or a real call well? You'll just have to try to figure it out
You know it is already let's go to Jill from Newport Rickety. Hi there. I'm Jill from Newport Rickety. Hello
Yeah
Oh
All right
Walking hole yes, we're gonna be wearing out every clap and t-shirts and when we put
Yeah, what was that 65 or all gonna jump out the window
This asshole get rid of him why do you put him on there get him off get him off wait
This is him. Oh, he doesn't hear up here. It's the big round
Oh
marijuana
You don't what you get the burger
Okay, okay, get a cat in that line of air, Peter.
Why do you put him on?
Why do you insist on putting that asshole on the air?
I have an honeymoon for weeks.
And there he is.
You've already played him on card 75 times.
I don't want to put him on line.
I put him on for your benefit.
It's me, I wonder, radio, I'll get.
Hello, man.
Oh, man.
I wonder if people jump in on a building's in this town.
I put him on for your benefit.
Thanks.
I do a little special something for your trip up here.
Holy cow.
So now you'll have something to talk about to your, my, my,
my, my, my audience.
Break time.
Nanyans.
Yeah, it is lasted on News Talk radio 620, WS UN.
Because I have, you know, I'm, I'm, of course, Drew Hayes used to say,
let's go back to those busy, busy telephone.
Drew Hayes.
There's a name.
If ever, if ever the GM Con of Family missed anybody that they should have taken care of.
There was the guy.
How much do you think it would take?
What a punk.
I've got $5.
WLS.
The world's largest sore.
Anyway, I don't know how to go.
Sorry to bring back bad memories.
Ball, you certainly did.
Let's go to Tampa.
Hi there, Tampa.
You're on the air.
Hey, how you doing, Bob?
Hey, pretty good man.
You soft.
Not too bad.
All right.
Long time listening, first time college.
All the three.
Hey, well, now we're talking.
I'm a Bay.
Yes, sir.
And Bob, I just wanted to, I've been contemplating cars for a long time, but I decided to call.
Six years ago, you changed my life, and I just wanted to thank you.
What did I do six years ago?
Well, mainly you just got me to start thinking for myself instead of listening to the
reddering.
Well, I certainly hope we've changed that in a minute while.
I just wanted to call and tell you, I really appreciate it.
I'm looking forward to meeting you all tomorrow.
Oh, you thought about the features?
Yeah, I'm going to come out there.
All right.
11 to 2 if you get there early, man, you know, you scoff up on somebody and besides the
food will probably last a hell of a lot longer now because I doubt very much that the
pox and festive Velvita will be there tomorrow.
Yeah, I just, I just think don't, don't take you realize sometimes how much you can, you
can affect people's lives by just talking common sense.
And I just hope to keep it up in the future.
Thank you very much.
Appreciate it.
Have a great day, Phil.
You too, Phil.
See you tomorrow.
One, one, open it.
How did, don't, don't like sluff on it.
How come my level is so low now?
You got my mic turned off.
No, I don't have to.
You're not fooling me.
He's trying to like upstage me now.
Like, I'm not trying to upstage you.
You've got a different mic than I do.
Your mic, my mic is highly directional.
Yours is not.
And when I raise my voice, I can hear feedback in your mic.
Feed this.
Yeah, you've got to sluck over that.
That was like a very, it was like a home.
It was not so far call.
It was poignant.
It was meaningful.
It goes to show you that sometimes people who are inhibited, people who are living in
like this narrow little cloistered world brought up.
And this kind of neanderthal mentality, when they actually hear there's an option like somebody could think for themselves, it's like a mirror.
I'm screaming over here in that goddamn needle isn't even moving on it.
What are you looking at the wrong one?
This is the one.
Oh, ran.
I'm not going anywhere.
It's not. Look at that.
Look, see what I'm talking about.
This is what it is.
It's a panic.
Crank that thing up.
Let somebody hear this goddamn station.
Well, you know, wonder you don't have any numbers on this station.
When you walk into a radio station and you see that the needle is barely moving.
How come we got a point five right is lay that needle on the pin, man.
Lay that baby over there, distort the damn thing so that they'll be listening in Jacksonville.
Why do we want people listening in Jacksonville?
You're right.
Exactly.
I'll turn it back down again.
I'll turn it all the way off this time.
Let's go to St. Petersburg.
Hi there, St. Petersburg.
You're on the air at the WSUN with a.
Hey, that's what I'm going on.
My gills and lasses are on it now.
I think Fred, Fred, their Bob's famous religious call, a formerly Jacob from F.A.
from over there.
Flah, think he's after your bot, man.
What do you mean, formerly Jacob?
What does that mean?
He was one of Bob's old colors on F.A.
His name was Jake.
Oh, no, he's Fred.
Well, if you'd like to know the truth, I thought so too, but Bob's a sure man.
I hope they're in N.P. Richie.
I hope they have big enough shirts to fit over their clasp to me bags tomorrow.
They're a clapped in shirts.
Bill and Fred and Jacob are doing like a little three-way right now as we see.
Do they are a clapped in?
Stop!
Stop!
Oh, man.
Can I switch to a commercial show?
Oh, funny clothes.
They're chillin'.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Closing your great-
But laugh at her.
God, man.
Cavitry, will you ever hear of some kind of radio?
Sure.
To talk show.
You know, people fall in while he's on the air and make a beat.
What about?
Well, I ain't, Joe.
Whatever happens to bug you, that's what you talk about.
Sometimes he agrees with the caller.
Other times he sets some straight.
Surprise, you never listen, Joe.
Feel three other talk shows around, but for my money he's the best.
Why does he get results?
Well, no.
He doesn't do anything except talk.
Well, then.
I guess it just gives you a chance to unload.
You know how it is.
You got a beef.
You tell it to somebody and you feel better.
Bob, God!
This time we go to Newport, Richie.
Who's your problem?
Talk about a self-stroking exercise.
We're going to Newport.
Do we have to, how many guessers do we get?
I think you'll be delightfully surprised.
Newport Richie, are you on the air?
What's happening, Big Bob?
You see?
You have different voice in Newport Richie?
That's right.
You're making progress, man.
Under 100.
And he's under 100.
He's bright.
He's a live.
He's articulate.
Articulant, intelligent.
The last time I have something coming.
What's that?
Former WFM.
Both former WFM.
Did you work there?
Pretty much as of last week.
As of last week.
I just started now.
I worked there, bought up a couple of times.
I don't want to talk too much.
So that's one finished business there.
We know he's one of your most loyal listeners.
Yeah.
Well, when will you're on finish business this week?
You would want to offend him.
No.
I don't know, but I know he's listening.
He spends more time listening to the orc show than he does concentrate on his shows.
Well, he likes good radio.
That's why he listens over here.
He would know good radio if one slid up his ass.
He was.
He listens to the station.
Now, he just does monitoring so we can write letters to arbitrage.
When they said, die, we again.
They said it.
That is true.
It's out of his freaking mind.
We hold a hold on there.
One where your business is.
If any up there, I mean, you know, when will you be a business?
He's a proglody.
You're a good.
You're a good.
I'm probably David Paul's illegitimate brother.
Has the last check cleared?
Oh, yes.
Okay.
So you don't have any unfinished business.
This mess, spill your guts.
What's going on over there?
Well, I have nothing.
Nothing.
There will be nothing said about you on the radio.
Well, I know that's what we know that.
How about off the radio and the halls?
Oh, off the radio.
There's everyone listening to you.
Everyone.
Oh, man, it's great.
I have time.
We've had people try and call the show and then, you know, get curse words on.
Oh, you're kidding.
Huh?
Well, Lionel called one day.
Did you really?
Yes, he did.
I'm serious, too.
But then Lionel is just a chronic caller.
All he ever was was a caller.
It's always still his.
Oh, I tell you he's starting.
Yeah, well, you know, Lionel and I, God, man, I feel so bad.
Lionel and I have a lot in common, you know?
I always wanted to be a lawyer.
He always wanted to be a talk show host.
And neither of us ever got our dream.
Well, I just wanted to say, did you guys, when we're working for you someday, man?
Big Bob.
Hey, well, you know, come on over.
Yeah.
Well, thanks a lot.
I'll catch you guys tomorrow.
I'll catch you guys tomorrow, peaches.
Okay.
Congratulations for getting out.
Hey, be sure to tell us who you are.
Huh?
Be sure to tell me who you are.
I don't care what the situation is.
There'll be a lot of other radio people there, too.
So be sure to tell us, okay?
All right.
Okay.
Thank you.
Oh, seriously, when we did the thing at the Clearwater Mall, like days afterward, I was told through the
rape find that every person who works in radio and some who are on the outside looking in,
we're at that thing.
Check it out.
They did.
It was an incredible gathering.
We have an employed Tampa Bay radio people as well as some employed as well.
But I do get spy reports of your pardoning expression.
I don't use the word spy reports on my show.
You've got to get some nervous talking and saying, is my radio got?
I do get spy reports that, what are you making faces for?
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
Let's go.
You're pacing as they talk about my show that they talk about my show up and down the halls at WFL.
They probably have a meeting every day.
They just sit down and analyze it.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
I mean, they like the show.
Yeah, we're talking about the employees, not of course, man.
Well Todd was telling me at the game last night, which he was paying no attention to.
He was telling me that at the newspapers here, and at the, you know, at the TV stations,
and then he was departments, everybody who works in TV news here, listen to this station.
Yeah, that's true.
But how come they won't talk about it?
How come the goddamn Tampa Tribune is given a song of a dance about Ron and Ron who aren't even on the air anymore?
And Mason Dixon with his cornpone finger up his butt.
Here you come up, you come up, you're an idiot, it's an idiot.
Exactly.
So the entire, you know, not our audience, the audience, the audience that reads the Tampa Tribune,
that eats at checkers and up chucks at the Olive Garden.
Well, last, that are on News Talk Radio 620, WSUN.
Let's go to New York, which is where we're right.
Well, no, it's very believable. New York, higher on the air, WSUN.
There were no tacos, no meal.
Who told you he had widespread appeal?
I didn't mean that I young cut and started to hurt.
That couldn't leave and come.
Oh, feel.
I love it.
Was that Bell V to call it in from the house?
I don't think so, his voice isn't that deep.
How about saying, Petersburg, either, St. John, or the air, WSUN?
Hey, the bad dog, how you doing?
Oh, they're pretty good, thank you, self.
Pretty good.
Hello, Nioh.
No.
No guiding light for today.
No, over to money, basketball.
This is, this is, uh, what are your favorite colors, chronic?
Chronic, uh, Rose, Jr.
Yeah, hi.
Yeah.
The glad you had me, oh God.
Glad you had a safe trip up.
I thought you were flying.
Wow, look at this.
We got food.
See, all I got into was coming here.
I tracked it like a magnet, Rose, Jr.
Oh, there's plenty of stuff up and down for a street.
Yeah.
So, I've amazed you got up there safely.
You must have done 120 miles now.
No, no, no, it did not.
It's a matter of fact that we've made it in four hours
and it would have been less than that except when you're coming up 75
and you get around four miles.
Yeah.
God, are those people old and slow and those picking men?
Oh, man.
That.
They're, it's like a convoy.
They're like in all three lanes and they're like all going about 45, 48 miles an hour
and everybody's just tearing it here.
I'm trying to get around them.
It's impossible and impossible.
I wanted to tell you that my sister is down from Boston, my step sister,
and she, she listened to the whole show from beginning to end.
I mean, from the last year right through to Randy loves you all.
Right.
And she's a total hockey maven and she ought to be because she's the daughter of the late Walter Brown.
So, I just want to say hello.
She's too nervous to call.
Say hello to you.
Well, let's say hello to her.
Okay.
Hello her.
Her name is Marge.
Time Marge.
Okay, take anything.
Have a great day.
Have a great day.
Okay.
Bye.
Bye.
Oh, great.
Now we can enter inventory of the food here.
Do we have anything to drink?
Like sodas, like diet sodas.
How come last night so?
How come last night at the game when Todd said to you,
anybody want a soda and you said, I'll have a coke and then he said, like, diet or regularly said,
regular is my diabetic friend.
Are you eating sugar?
I'm eating sugar.
Just what I asked.
I occasionally asked.
I can't.
Well, a diabetic was eating sugar.
Now, if I admitted to you that I had M&M's at the hotel in the mini bar last night,
you'd be upset.
I mean, how come all of a sudden you're so concerned about my health?
I'm not.
I didn't think so.
What is that?
What is in it?
I don't know here.
Let me pass it over.
Can we take a puke at that?
Now, is this the stuff from the deli?
Oh, that's your omelette blob?
Look at the size of that thing.
That is.
That's your omelette.
I can't eat all of that.
Why you don't have to eat all of this?
This is from Schwarze's deli and restaurant.
Judy and Michael Schwarze at 1706 out of the El Mabry in Tampa.
Kosher and Codd.
And Catering and Jewish and Fragoyam and Ferrella.
I think you almost all of their own baking.
This stuff is phenomenal.
It's great.
Do they advertise at WSUN?
Not yet.
Well, why not?
Let's go.
I have got to wake up this place, man.
I might have to take a month off and stay over here and wake these people up and get this
into a real radio station.
I'm on top of the school.
I hear them down there at the end of the hall with their goddamn neodymium records.
Who the hell wants to hear that crap?
I'm on top of the school.
I'm on top of the school.
I'm on top of the school.
I'm on top of the school.
I'm on top of the school.
I'm on top of the school.
I'm on top of the school.
I'm on top of the school.
I'm on top of the school.
I'm on top of the school.
Oh, geez.
St. Petersburg, how you're on the air?
Good morning.
Good morning, St.
No, I wanted to start off by thanking you, Robert, for introducing me to Mr. Robert Engersall.
Oh, yeah, Engersall, okay, sure.
You're in the men's, the Messiah.
Who's that?
Some kind of communist?
Robert Engersall?
You don't know who he is?
Yes, yes, yes.
You would have known when you were good.
Really?
Never went that, Robert.
Reminal, do we have a fork or weed just with our fingers?
Here's your stuff.
Go ahead, go ahead, go ahead, go ahead.
Go ahead, go ahead, go ahead.
What is a meal, Roberts?
What is a meal, Roberts?
Yeah.
I don't know.
Right after 10 o'clock, you go off?
Yeah.
I hear a static on my radio.
Yeah.
And then two of you have picked up.
Just kidding up on the eye.
Listen to you, come on.
He does not have a smile on his face.
I know.
I'm busy in checking out the food.
Okay, these guys okay with me.
I'm just saying anything you want.
I'm checking the food out.
Okay, well, look at that beautiful bread.
If you ever said that's one of those mixed rye and pumpernicolette is incredible.
Okay, I'm going in my call.
Yes, I think.
All right.
My king.
Oh, God.
Thank you.
Thank you, sir.
Okay, come down.
Oh, God.
Get a great call.
Oh, God.
I'll do that later when I get home.
Let's go to Sethner.
I said if you're on your WSU end.
Neel?
Uh-huh.
Oh, Neel.
Just a hug.
Robbing, talking to you.
Oh, bed.
I don't even vibrating, too.
Yeah.
I might even be shirrating.
Don't wear your batteries out.
Oh, Neel.
God.
Damn, could you people talk longer?
You know, we're trying to eat.
Exactly.
We're trying to get the damn food organized and we got a bunch of short ones on the phone.
Okay.
Oh, I can't put a long winded one on if they don't come any shorter than that one.
Look.
So that we can eat just what a beautiful object.
It's got like all kinds of good vegetables and stuff in it.
I know.
And my omelette's getting cold.
So, you know, do we even have a few things?
I'm going to put one on the whole bottle.
We even have a little bit of wine.
Talk on the phone.
Well, we've got to, uh, let's go to, uh, uh, the celebrity line here.
Hello, Rose.
Hello, my darling.
Just keep talking, honey.
Is this the Rose?
Yeah.
And you talked to this bitch?
Hey, asshole.
Yeah.
You're a real asshole.
I'm no chronic Neel.
So then what do you call me an asshole for?
Because kind of a greeting is that.
You think calling me a chronic, that's not a good thing.
You're disgusting, filthy bitch.
What kind of a greeting is that?
I come over here in the first word out of your ugly,
a post-drilled mouth is asshole.
Look, you've been calling me a chronic.
God, are you a slut?
Are you been calling me a chronic?
And that's not true.
I don't even know who you are.
I hear your show, Neel, because I like your show.
So why can't you listen?
Why do you have to call?
You tell everybody I'm a chronic, and that's not true.
I just stand out because I'm good.
Yeah, you stand out, huh?
Yeah, I'm a good caller, Neel.
I'm a good caller, Neel.
Stand out on this side.
And that bitch that called a while ago that chronic.
Everybody to you is a bitch and asshole.
Why don't you clean up your act?
Gargolot your thing with corn.
From you.
Yes, right.
Clean up your callostomy bag, honey.
I'm not in a lot of room.
You have a lot of room to talk to bitch.
Whoa.
Anyway, listen.
Hey, what's up?
Hey, what's up?
Yes, Rose?
You're a lot better than Neel, all right?
Yeah, you know what?
I find very amusing, Rose.
My chronic suck-around bitch.
What I find most amusing is that you're about the third one.
Well, you know about you're the best or kneel the best.
Why can't you people listen to the radio?
And it's always trying to pit this one against the other one, okay?
If you like Bob, listen to Bob.
If you like me, listen and don't ever call it.
And that's yours for the whole audience.
Well, you're really the way it goes.
This is your number one and we're concerned that number two and Neel's number three.
And Randy is a bitch.
Just to listen and cut the crap, okay?
And for this, you get up in the middle of the night.
It's true, honey.
9.48 the time.
Let's see your last-order on NewsTalk Radio.
6.20 WSUN.
Great food.
Okay, let's wrap it up a couple more quick calls so I can get out of here and go home and go.
I'm going to, by the way.
Okay, great.
I'm sorry.
I can't hear us.
I'm afraid to love to see you.
What do we have here?
Oh my God.
Guess who just walked in.
Guess who just walked in.
I'll be so happy.
Um, now you can't see him from there.
Jacksonville, hi there, Jackson.
You're on the air.
Madduck.
Hey, how you doing, man?
Look who's there.
What the hell is that?
Get a tanker.
Jacksonville, listen and four.
Neel.
What?
You don't want Jacksonville, listen and to the street.
He loves Jacksonville, sir.
You have?
That was me.
That said he don't want Jacksonville.
Oh, you got it all wrong.
God, that's what I heard.
The only difference between Jacksonville tamping Miami is the number of assholes per square
it.
Exactly.
Spread out up.
The number of square inches.
God, I went down and I came up here from Clearwater.
And I had a dog named Bubba.
But you moved from Clearwater to Jacksonville?
Yeah, I got a promotion.
Actually, I live in a small town.
How could you possibly get a promotion?
I mean, I know the Clearwater is a prize winner, man.
But how could you possibly get a promotion?
It would take you from Clearwater to Jacksonville.
Well, actually, it's a smaller town than Jacksonville, about side of Jacksonville, and it's
down to about 1,000 people.
No, wait a minute.
Are you the guy that called before?
No.
Huh?
No, no, no.
You are talking to this gentleman that came in here that brought us all this crap.
Are you the guy that called the city we're coming in?
From Jacky?
He gave him the, uh, good to see you, by the way.
Oh, good to see you, but I think of this guy.
No, not you.
This guy that came in here brought us a, uh, pornographic catalog and a bunch of stuff in
the bunch of M&M.
So we just gave him a pornographic album.
Right.
Anyway, Bob, I believe you.
I believe when you were on Plata, I can't believe you're back.
No, I can't believe them back either.
So maybe you're doing a great job with the schmoo.
He is doing a great job.
You want to know something?
He's a monster in a business, sir.
I don't like sports talk.
But you do a good job.
I do a damn good job.
You make it happen.
How about those leaves, huh?
How about them, leave?
They did it.
They kicked some ass.
Well, I'm a, I'm a penguin spin.
Um, that one I side to, by the way, okay?
No, it didn't come in the five.
In fact, well, keep up the good work.
I'm a cop.
Okay, here you're side, back.
Have a great day.
Yeah, I just took the M&M away from me.
See ya.
Diabetic, I mean.
Would you take care of the calls and stuff with a damn food here?
It's a video show, not a goddamn restaurant, Lanceter.
Land, oh, lakes, either land.
You're on the air, WSUN.
Or land.
Let's go.
Go on.
Huh, hell with him.
Didn't want to talk to him anyway.
Most people in land, lakes are bizarre.
Let's go to Tampa.
Hi there, Tampa.
You're on the air, WSUN.
Hey, Bob, I talked to Neil the other day.
He played a card for me.
I offered him dinner when he was up here at Donatello.
Yeah?
If he played Chesterfield, Queen for me.
And I did.
Yes, sir, and I was just inviting you.
We're going to night and tomorrow night.
No, jeez, that's too bad we can't go there tonight.
Well, we'll be there tonight.
So you just left by and took up the check for all of us, okay?
I don't work.
There'll be about 20, 30 of us.
All right, and we're going for my vice president's birthday.
I've got to say happy birthday to him.
Happy birthday, Pete.
Happy birthday, Pete.
And I did not bring that card, but that's...
We don't have to.
Because it's...
Because you're not a nice guy, that's why.
Anyway, next time you get a little bit of free time, Neil, and you're up by...
And Bob, I'll take you to...
Okay.
Okay.
No problem, thanks.
Who else going to Donatello's tonight?
You.
You're a lovely wife.
Right.
Um, allegedly Curt and Susie, but I'm sure they'll come up with some other excuse tonight.
I thought he was going to the basketball fair.
That was last night.
What's he at night, Curt?
I always got a hand in the middle.
Nobody in there.
Is that a solid?
And Bob's running on its own.
Bob Neil.
Oh, other Peter?
How are you, Peter?
Bob Neil.
And Bob Neil, that's it.
Dad, as far as I know.
Okay, so I just don't take.
And of course, Guido.
Hello, B.
Try the revolver on the RWSC line.
Good morning, Mr. Lasseter.
Good morning, there, Apollo.
Uh, I'm going to Pete's tomorrow.
And of course, I know what you look like after seeing you get beat up by that lady rascal.
So I know I'll see you, but I have no idea what Mr. Rogers looks like.
Uh, Mr. Rogers.
Hi, he'll choose and dresser.
You'll be wearing it well.
Mr. Rogers doesn't know anything about the lady rascal.
I'll be wearing a lace slip, as a matter of fact, it'll be lovely.
What color dress and the shi-hi-yo shoes are you wearing?
In fact, maybe we'll give you the slip.
How's that?
I'll be there.
Okay, great.
Give me the slip.
Okay, bring your white hood, too, with you, okay?
Let's go to a pom-armor.
Hi, there, pom.
You're on the RWSC end.
Hey, good morning.
Good morning, pom.
Are you still living in this 6th, 10th slot, huh?
You haven't been admitted to this side yet.
Man, I love this.
I really, truly like the hours.
Come on in, bird.
Oh, man.
Well, you know, it used to be the ratings for very important to you.
Oh, it still are.
But you would own this whole market if you were on after some of us with brains woke up in the morning.
Well, I'm just saving off of the stolen owned market.
You see, this is the most prestigious time.
If I can make this big fly, I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I'm going to earn so much.
I thought I was bad when the food came in.
But you're like it's just total disinterest.
But you're like it's just total disinterest.
Like we got to hit the board over here.
Like we got to hit the board over here.
Like we got to hit the board over here.
Like we got to hit the board over here.
Like we got to hit the board over here.
Like we got to hit the board over here.
Like we got to hit the board over here.
Like we got to hit the board over here.
Like we got to hit the board over here.
Like we got to hit the board over here.
Like we got to hit the board over here.
He's in Thursdays from Michael who's a dandy's in now.
He's in now with a great deli at 1706 Southdale, Nebri.
Well, Kurt has told up a message in here for you.
He said eat this.
People to see things.
We haven't had one report this morning.
Not one miserable little report this morning on Kurt Skig at Blueberry Hill.
I mean, I get all the promotion yesterday.
All the begging, the pleading, and things.
Marvin and Wendy went out there and know that.
So that's two more than they would have had.
That's probably like a half a dozen.
TJ, how about you?
Did you go there after the FLA thing?
How do you come on?
Let's go, people.
Oh, I get into my hotel room last night.
I turn on the TV.
It happens to be on 44 on TOG.
And what's on the news?
What?
The FLA thing.
That's news.
That's a news story.
And there's Lionel talking about,
how we like to press the flush without the stairs and get their input.
Well, he does.
You know, he passes out his business card, that way.
It comes to find out the only people that showed up there
were the ones who were there to see Bruce Williams.
Really?
Yeah, and it wasn't even on Tuesday.
Probably not.
But all this 576 WS U.N.
Alacitor on AM620 WS U.N.
It's in the treasure of the, uh, I was a deep card.
Was that Rose?
By the way, was that specifically for that bitch?
What, you just played?
I, uh...
Why don't you just get rid of her?
That would be a side of real time.
You're a party member call.
Oh, get out of here.
I've been here for what?
This is the fourth day.
We're just starting the party.
You know, I think she's got a thing for you.
You know, calls and the thing on tape.
She's like, uh... a co-host.
Oh, that just came work-a-host here in the morning.
I just came here to the studio.
I just came here to the studio.
That came into the studio less than five minutes before one on the air.
I'd never played that before.
It used to be on part of a promo with that promo,
I was in one for a couple of months.
Here.
I think she just has a thing for you, man.
Let's go to Tampa.
I'd Tampa.
You're on the air, WSUM.
Hello, Mr. Alster, Mr. Roger.
Hey, Mr. Serba.
Welcome to Tampa.
Thank you so much.
Oh, I thought that was the end of the call.
Oh, no.
I wouldn't hang up on you.
Oh, OK.
Yeah, I just want to say, I just...
I just tuned in you guys a couple of weeks ago
and it's much more...
Much refreshing from FLA.
That's right, sir.
Right there, fresh here.
So what do you have, FLA?
Yeah, like...
I'll take some.
Like, I'm really going to pay ten bucks to see those guys.
Yeah, or even nine dollars and seventy cents.
Or to go see them.
Yeah.
Not awesome.
I would have paid ten bucks to see them.
I would have gone except I was afraid they'd throw me out.
Oh, well, I think just...
I don't know.
They'd do too much stick, you know, like old box, doing stuff like that.
That's right.
We don't do stick here, man.
Oh, Ms. Alster, I want to thank you for the tape.
You're in a little letter.
Oh, you're quite welcome.
I took it to the mailbox personally myself
and filled out the envelope and everything.
Yeah, I appreciate it.
Well, you're welcome.
And Neil, to tell you the truth, I do catch your show more
than Bob's just because I get up later.
But it's nice that both you guys are on the air,
because you sound like you have a good rapport together.
The best.
Oh, yeah.
You know, people say, well, you're just a little bitch.
You're tripping you.
That's nonsense, you guys.
You've got good times, a lot that I want.
You guys are doing, you know, I mean,
you guys compliment each other, you know.
But what one doesn't pick up on the other does.
Exactly. That's right.
Whatever he doesn't pick up, I do.
Let's go to St. Petersburg, St. John the Air,
WSOK, and I'll have whoever the hell you are.
Yeah.
Hi, Bob.
Hey, how you doing, St.?
OK, Neil, how are you this morning?
OK, sir.
Listen, I don't normally call the complain.
Yeah.
But yesterday, I was invited by Tom Zolvita,
to the doghouse for lunch and to meet Randy Rhodes.
Right.
You know, I hear you guys rip on him a lot,
and I've always felt that maybe there was a little bit on just.
Until yesterday.
Sir, it's only because we're afraid of our jobs that, you know,
we're as kind to him as we are.
Well, it's an absolute tyrant.
Well, I sympathize with you because of yesterday's experience.
But one second, here he is.
Hey, Tom, there's a guy on the phone that says he saw you at the doghouse yesterday.
Do you know what he said about you?
I was a geek.
That's right.
Well, here's what happened.
I'm about to make it brief.
Ian, if I can be there, comes to my table while I'm having lunch.
Yeah.
Bring the pot over.
Introduce this talk.
Oh, Todd was there, too?
That Todd was there.
God, you must have come back into town for that, yo.
Then he proceeds to spill my entire lunch on my lap.
Are you serious?
I'm serious.
Is a geek.
Todd goes to get a rag or something to wipe it up.
Yeah.
And Tom, well, to that Todd is gone.
So you have to forgive him.
He's a little manager.
He has to please forgive my general manager for doing that.
He's very clumsy.
And I saw what happened.
It wasn't Todd.
It was Todd.
It was dope, the food.
Unbelievable.
He blamed Todd.
Was the zipper up or down?
Huh?
Was the zipper up or down at the time?
Because I understand he had a zipper problem, yes, though.
Well, you know, at least the seats would say, well, let me buy you a lap dance.
Yeah.
To buy you a lap dance?
Yeah.
I got food all over my lap.
Uh-huh.
You know, and I said, uh-
Well, it wasn't a lap dance.
It was a lap meal, how's that?
Well, you see, if you had all that food all over your lap as it was, then there's a thing.
Sometimes the lap meals and all that bad, you know.
Unbelievable.
Unbelievable, indeed.
Joining us in the studio today, of course, is the bird meal.
Rogers is here and we're just about finished with this turkey.
Let's go to, um...
We're not sure where.
Hi there.
We're not sure.
Am I on a beer?
No, you're not.
This time, it is a West Kong Beach.
No, it wasn't Rose.
God, you got Rose on the brain, man.
Yeah, everybody, the sounds to you like Rose.
Jesus.
Oh, line one river to hell, that may be West Palm Beach.
Yeah, right.
Hi, Bob.
Hi.
This is Martha.
This is Bob.
Oh, if it is this time to clear water on a cell phone, I clear you're on the RWS you're in.
Hey, Bob, Neil.
Gawr.
How you doing, guys?
Oh, great, man.
What do you think?
Michael Jordan broke the silence.
Oh, he did.
Just think of, come out and say it ain't nothing but a thing.
Oh, isn't that something?
Just a hobby.
God, I hate dead man.
I'm serious.
I started to dislike him in Chicago, but he has such an angelic smile.
I mean, he just looks like such a nice guy and I know he isn't.
And I don't mind being a son of a bitch.
I'm a son of a bitch.
Most of my friends are son of a bitch.
He's all high, Neil.
And it's just that when you pretend that you're not what you are,
it just did drives me crazy.
And I like Scottie Pippin anyway.
Hey, man, world's greatest basketball player.
Scottie Pippin.
Michael Jordan.
Ask Scottie Pippin.
No, Scottie Pippin's world's best looking guy.
Oh, speaking of that, you've got to watch Eastpan.
They're 6'30 to 7 o'clock aerobic show in the morning.
Eastpan.
Eastpan.
I'm so sad.
It's something for everybody.
You know what I'm saying?
They got three broads for those of us who are into the broads.
Eastpan.
How you doing?
You're going to love the male aerobic stance with the best.
I'm telling you.
You're going to have a big fan deck.
There's one black 2-0.
There's one black 2-0 on the show that's making me think about it.
You're going to get a G-span.
Why is he here?
He's trying to help your friends out, Collar.
And you see what you get?
A little lower on the fuzzer head.
You need help, anybody.
He's getting old.
It's seen going away.
You like Michael Jordan.
Oh, yes, P-N.
One time.
I just got the money.
Sure, you can call somebody a douchebag.
I started that back in 1967.
Somebody stole it from you, though.
Who do you want to call a douchebag, sir?
Hello.
He's gone.
He's here.
That's the new thing.
Right?
Oh, it's an old thing.
It's an old thing.
I think he just picked up over here.
Oh, OK.
Let's go back to West Palm Beach.
West Palm Beach.
Other West York.
Hi, Bob.
Oh, it's you again, Martha.
Yes, hi.
You hung up on me.
How come?
It wasn't my idea.
Listen to that.
We should need it.
I'm in West Palm Beach.
Mill Rogers made me do it, Martha.
Well, how long have they been in the vise market?
He said he would never, ever get me another job
if I put you on the air.
You know if I bet, Neil?
You sum up that vise just a little bit.
He's a fucking scrub, Martha.
I'm your jockie.
You're two tight this morning, Rogers.
I thought you were a little vise.
Oh, boy.
Just more shit.
She must be on East Palm.
Yes, Martha.
What's your obsession with donuts?
576 WSN went.
Is the telephone number, where would that be?
In Penelope and Hillbrook.
Maybe it's the boy Martha can relate to that.
Whoa.
You see you come in here?
You insult my great collars.
Here I am.
You're roasting the numbers on the station.
Or we have roast on tape.
We have roast on the phone.
We have roasts on the nose.
I'm trying to transfer all of these great listeners and collars
to your show.
That's the only reason you really took a big gun.
I'm throwing the ball.
Quite frankly, I'm throwing the towel or put it on.
But I can't relate to that.
Whatever that means.
Miami or Richie or...
Is it Richie?
Is it Miami?
George, but out.
We're having a good time with this.
And you're sticking your...
Well, just do what you're paid for, okay?
In other words, just sit there and stare straight ahead.
You don't even get paid enough to sit there and stare straight ahead.
Newport Richie?
What is that?
Is it Miami or...
He doesn't know.
Well, who typed it on there?
Is there a mouse in your pocket or what?
Careful.
Huh?
Careful.
He's reaching in there to check it out.
Yeah.
Okay, let's try Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Are you in Miami or Ork Richie ork?
I'm out of Miami.
Okay.
Great.
We got a right, Kurt.
Edaboy.
They got a full work in the air in there.
Behind where?
Whoever's working the phone.
That's Marvin.
He said you're right.
It's Marvin.
God, this is a mean audience.
Oh, it's not.
Mean audience.
Yeah.
I want the whole rest of the state to know that this morning I came on with Blob.
I dragged my ass out of bed at 6.30 in the morning.
I come in here at 7.15 and couldn't get in here until 7.30.
7.30 to 1.00.
The first three calls are like, you bastard.
You bitch.
I was great.
It was beautiful.
It was Blob's own personal audience.
And there were all calls were coming from Blob's house too.
It was great.
Go ahead, sir.
Don't be intimidated by this crap.
Favorite, favorite, favorite.
What do we got here?
Neil would show up.
We're ready for the later build back up again.
Yeah.
Neil would join WSU and Morning.
Now, what is this?
I mean, what is this on?
I mean, what is this from?
Is this from like a poster that we put up on the board?
Oh, it's a little blow up from a press release from Tom Velvita.
By the way, Field Better Tom.
We sure hope you're feeling better and back within two, three months.
That's what everybody said.
Now, do they?
They said, man, it sure is going around here with Tom.
Well, here we are, Tom.
It's probably a year.
Okay.
Neil will join WSU and Morning host, Blob Lasseter, for a personal appearance at Peaches and Tampa Saturday, March 20th.
This will be Lasseter's first appearance since he began doing WSU and 6 to 10 a.m.
Morning show on February 1st.
It says.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Everyone is invited to come.
Well, I don't want all of this.
Okay.
We know all of that.
It says then we want to know what in the hell the refreshments are.
That's what we need to know.
Did you write this in here Keith on the bottom?
Yes, see.
You're not fooling us.
Okay.
I mean, we know your good intentions are good, but you're not fooling anybody.
Like, oh, we got our crap together.
Not sweaters.
What are these refreshments?
We got our free scratch.
You can't get it.
Dead at cans or good food or what?
Oh, it's it.
Yeah, great food.
Don't cover up for him.
What are they doing in there in the other room?
Are they playing grab ass to get in there?
Kurt's playing grab ass with everybody in the other room.
Let's do the show in there.
It says.
Come early for free refreshments provided by cash and carry.
How early and how much?
We don't know.
No, we don't.
Well, we didn't know.
But he won't tell anybody.
I don't care.
It says you win.
It's not mine.
I didn't call Vel Vita at home.
Maybe Bob Neal will be their addition it out.
And certainly if anybody can do it.
Huh.
Huh. You don't know Bob Neal, do you?
No.
Oh, man.
So come and see Bob Neal and Bob Neal tomorrow.
And just Neal and Bob.
He is here.
He's here.
He's going to join us.
He's going to come in and say to Guido.
Hi, how you doing?
With a finger like right up around here?
He.
But of course in Bob Neal's case, he don't have to worry about it.
Because his fingers always like right up around there by the left nostril.
Land it's an atrium.
He's from Atlanta.
Funny that's not where you had your finger with your finger.
He's the Neal Bortz guy up there in Atlanta.
He's the David Paul guy.
He doesn't want to see me.
Undalabeled.
What?
Well Mike Disney poisoned his mind.
I'm sure toward me.
He didn't want to see me.
He, uh, I don't think he and Disney are like exactly like this to be honest with me.
Oh, well maybe.
The Disney was shipped and packed back to WCKG in Chicago, which is a desperately dying radio station.
It's a place for him.
Yeah.
He'll fit right in there.
Yeah.
I wonder how Mike celebrated St. Patrick's Day and I wonder how read his noses by now.
It's, uh, 1135 on the IOD network.
You can wake up with Bob Lasseter every week day morning from 6 to 10.
On News Talk Radio 620, WSUN.
Hey, uh, what was that lady talking about?
I don't know.
I got to pee.
She, she, she doesn't want to be mixed up with the squirrels and the stuff.
Yeah, I understand.
You left out of that.
I'll talk to you in three and a half years.
Oh, another one.
Another one.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'll have you on the radio again.
Yeah, so happy.
You know, you waited four miserable weeks to call me.
I know.
I found out about it too.
And I was driving down the road.
I really should.
That fat man's coming back and I tell you, I got a Woody.
You got a Woody, huh?
Well, good.
I'm excited.
By the way, what is it?
I've seen one of those a long times today.
Is it a Mercury or a, uh, Dissoto Woody?
I never mind.
Oh, okay.
What is the seaworth anyway?
Weekday mornings from 6 to 10, it's Bob Lasseter on News Talk Radio 620, WSUN.
It's the Neil Lager show.
You can talk to Neil Live by calling toll free 1-800-944-9463.
Oh, Neil, my queen.
Okay, 140.
All right.
Cut the crab at, uh, Dissoto, 140?
Yeah.
Yeah.
God, this time flies when you're having a good time, doesn't it?
Yeah, really good.
We're in Ricken Suds.
It's 1140-20 till noon, we're at our palatial WSUN studios on the shores of the, uh, thing
here, man.
Now, you saw, you know before I hit in a rub because it is my show out much.
Uh, you know, I have a, uh, do they call like a Bayview?
Or is that the Bay, Tampa Bay?
Yeah, that's Tampa Bay.
Right in behind a hotel.
And this morning I get up and I open up the windows and here's the beaches out there.
All I will say, I'm pretty sorry filthy looking beaches.
Oh, don't go on them.
What do you mean?
Even in the summertime?
Even in the summertime unless you have, you know, rubber boots and gloves on.
Why not?
A lot of people like to walk up and down the shores of Tampa Bay with all those large green trash bags and collected fish.
No, seriously, what is the problem back there?
Because I thought this is exciting.
I'm on the water here and then I looked at it and looked like mong.
Well, that's, because that's what it is.
Oh, it is mong?
Mong.
So if there's anybody in the audience who doesn't know what mong is, just take a drive up to the, uh, thing.
Don't drink it though.
Just drive up.
Don't go near it.
Okay, let's do, uh, I knew you were about to say something.
I interrupted very rudely for which I don't apologize.
No, you mentioned Rick and Suds.
Yeah.
And I was gonna say you saw Suds Wednesday, St. Patrick's Day, when he was allegedly in the bag.
Perfectly coherent.
He was.
I at least I thought, don't call it in his case.
How do you tell?
Exactly.
But he looked okay.
Yeah, because he has a blood sugar.
900.
What's the, let's test it now.
See, you're trying to compare the smoking thing with these M&Ms and during the break, because you...
You're a sad only, Aaron.
So I'm gonna go out there and smoke.
I'll show them.
When did I say that?
Last week.
I don't smoke earlier.
I will never smoke another cigar as long as I live.
You know why?
No, listen to me.
I smoke it.
Maybe it was because George gave me those nasty ones they...
You're a cigarette.
And sliced the end off of the other day and I like got in my tongue and all over my...
Those things irritate the cramp out of your mind.
I think they're worse than that.
You know, see how all the little people around here are counting on you.
Every time I step out in the hall, I mean what?
I'm me smoking a cigar.
The body comes up to me.
Okay, Peter comes up to me.
No, I'll smoke it if that's what the purpose is.
Yeah.
Well, what did you do?
Just get a new pack?
Yeah.
You want me to change smoke them now?
No, I'm not gonna...
You're not gonna say anything to me.
That's true.
Yeah, okay.
They can go to hell.
I'll pull this show off the station factory and you can say douchebag.
You're all the little people are counting on you.
What were the ash tree?
Well, how come we don't have an ash tree in here?
Well, because there's no smoking in the building.
What kind of...
What kind of...
You're not a damn good reason.
You're not a damn good reason.
You're my bottled.
Okay.
Mmm.
Time!
No time!
You smoking time!
Shut your mouth.
Call the cops!
Here's a...
Now, what is it?
What it is?
I'm gonna give it a 10 to 2 slot after.
Uh, Miami is next to sunrise.
I'm very confused because Kurt is like doing his best to screw up the show.
Could I have the light back down?
Yeah, could you just a joke?
What?
The lighter.
Is it not the lighter back?
You're just laughing out there?
Nobody cares.
What lighter?
Do I have your lighter?
Oh, there it is.
Isn't he about ready to go home?
Don't you need an ash?
Yes, I do.
Where are we going now?
Are we going to sunrise by any?
We're not having.
Hello!
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Good morning to you.
Top of the morning.
Hi, birdie.
Hi!
How are you?
Unbelievable.
This isn't the island queen, is it?
This is the original one.
Wow!
The island queen!
There you go!
Yeah!
Oh, man.
It is.
It's island.
Hi, birdie.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
It's so nice to talk to you.
How astonishing to hear from the island queen.
Hi, Bob.
Hi there.
Why is she sitting on Kurt's lantern?
She's doing that just to piss me off for one.
When you cut it out, when you...
Look at this.
They're grabbing each other.
You're not fooling anybody.
Okay, these are raids.
We've seen them a million times.
Okay, it's not fooling anybody.
Go ahead, queen.
I'll have an island.
Well, this was nice to see you again.
Yeah.
How does he look?
How he looks fine.
Yeah.
Except for those silly headphones on, he looks like Mr. Spock
on a bed day without the ears.
With an ear job.
A better day.
Yeah.
It's like the good old days.
It sure is like a little reunion here, right?
Spock and I and Z.
Yeah?
The only thing missing is that a douchebag.
Where was his name?
Kyle.
Kyle.
Kyle Isley.
Probably the best board op I ever worked with.
Oh, sorry, George.
No, I feel like I'm working with Kyle because he'll keep turning my mic off.
You didn't hear that, did you?
You're just blew me a little kiss.
Wasn't that sweet?
Unbelievable.
Yeah.
Well, I kind of go, Jeff is waiting.
Okay, well, make sure you go ahead and do a good job.
He'll be done with that.
Okay, see you later.
Bye-bye.
Whatever happened to Kyle, I'd totally forgotten him.
He was a raid boarder.
He'll be there forever.
They will bury him right in the end.
He'll be there forever.
He'll be there forever.
He'll be there forever.
He'll be there forever.
That's what he took his brother and threw him out into the gutter end of a crap about that.
I wonder what ever happened to Keith.
Now, there's a guy who probably wouldn't be too good on a job interview, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Yeah.
He doesn't give a real good impression.
On the phone, he might be a little better.
Probably couldn't hear him.
If it's a night, yeah.
If it's a night.
Yeah.
Like, three in the morning with those crayons, he was very good.
He was a piece of work.
I'll say that.
He was different.
Yeah.
He was sure different.
We come in and do the mornings you want to say to like 4.35 o'clock in the morning.
And he was like in the middle of just getting a wrap it up again right to go home.
Yeah.
From a late night's session with his Crayolas and his charts.
He didn't come to work till five in the afternoon.
Or later.
Yeah, or later.
And that's why he walked out.
Because they started demanding that he come in for meetings like in real times when normal people come in and he said the screw that.
They said, Keith, we're having the meeting to decide our meetings.
Is anybody upset that I'm smoking in here?
Evan, are you serious?
Haven't heard anything.
I'm not inhaling this by the way.
I don't know.
It is okay.
As long as I make a lot of smoke and make a big to do about this.
Now, are they going to like rip my ass for weeks after I leave now?
And they are.
People say yes.
They'll say what a disgusting.
Oh, it's a whiskey.
I'm the one who's going to.
He's got a auger slot.
Oh, yeah.
It's like you're a voodoo doll and stick all kind of the cream smoking in here.
So I don't see that.
It's having a great impact.
I don't see any schmutz on the ceiling.
It's a lot more comfortable.
Although it is a little too warm still.
No, schmutz on the ceiling.
How comfortable in here last time.
In other words, they don't.
Did you see that?
I have never seen such a limperist in my life.
What a...
Oh, I saw that.
Where the God, I saw that.
I saw that, man.
No wonder he wouldn't come to the hockey game.
Yeah, that's it.
Stand up and toss it down, baby.
Who the hell are you, kiddin' Kurt?
What's going on here?
He was playing a little, he was tossin' it.
Oh.
Here's the hotline.
Hello.
Nail.
Yes?
How were the seats last night?
Is this Melvita?
Yeah.
He's smoking, Melvita, he's smoking, he's smoking.
Nail can do anything he wants.
Yeah, see, there you go, Mom.
How do you like that, Lassiter?
Are you fatso?
So anyway, we had a great seat and we had a great time.
And we found some SUV and listeners all around us.
And it was great.
Good.
Hi, Tom.
Are they true...
Hey, Bird.
How you feeling, Tom?
Huh?
Oh, I'm feeling pretty good.
Let me say it again.
How you feeling, Tom?
The fever is down and I'm feeling pretty good.
But I'm all packed up.
You are?
Yeah.
Well, I noticed that the one that used to be on Kurt's face is missing now.
So is there a coincidence?
Maybe you picked it up from him.
His Kurt were in the bow that I gave him.
He's wearing one.
Yeah, he's wearing a pink bow on his head.
He was supposed to be wearing the bow today.
Yeah, that's all he's got on.
He's just got a pink bow on his head and like wrapped up like a little holiday package.
Leave him alone, I really want to see what the bow is.
I think you're all doing it with this guy.
And you're going to give him a complex and get him neurotic.
Oh, no, Susie stole the bow.
She's got it on her head.
Isn't it?
So anything you give to Kurt, he's going to give the Susie.
You know what I mean?
Well, then she's going to give it to him.
Like chickenpox.
Yeah, right.
He said he's going to give it to her, but I think he's been saying that a long time.
She's even, she's laughing at that.
She said that'll be the day.
Well, what time did you turn the radio on this morning, Tom?
Say what?
What time did you turn the radio on?
It's been on all day.
Oh.
And how's it been?
What?
Give me your honor.
You know, I got to be honest with you.
We've been doing very well up until this call, but you're like,
so I understand you're out of the weather, but don't like blow the whole thing out of the water.
I was planning on running a place and come up here for a couple of months at a time.
That'd be great.
It would be great.
Come on up.
Because I enjoyed a lot better, although Dave would get upset with my smoking in this room.
Are they treating you okay?
They're treating us great.
And the Schwarzes deli on Dale Maybury came up with some great stuff.
We don't eat any more food.
We had a feeding frenzy.
We had omelets and potatoes and bagels and the bea-
The alleys and cookies.
And then we had one of our listeners come up and actually got the Dennis Lyrie CD off our hands and brought some N&Bs.
And all kinds of stuff were bagels and brought two extra packs of cigarettes so I can change smoke and make...
We're having a hell of a time, man. We're having a little grab ass.
And Bob is actually staying in the station.
What is he doing on the wall?
Let me leave, Bob.
What's going on now?
Is he on the floor?
Neal's distracted.
Oh my God.
Yeah, whatever's going on in there, I'm missing out time.
You're saying, God, this is radio.
Yeah.
If you could only see it.
I usually do.
That's what he was saying.
If I could only see it.
But anyway, what?
Bob's actually staying there past 10 o'clock.
He's going to stick around as long as I want because he appreciates it so much that I came in early this morning.
And I would have been on a lot earlier except that I was walking around in the halls trying to get my ass in his station.
Tom.
Peter let you in, didn't he?
Yeah.
Okay, no one knew what time you were coming.
I'm not touching any of your lines, okay?
Hey, Tom, can Neal stay at your place next time?
He was supposed to stay this time, except...
Well, I'll just move in like to the front senior car there on the floor and that bottom right hand in the passenger side there.
Well, the sawdust is.
It makes for a nice little bed delaying.
Neal, have you ever had the chicken pock?
When I was a kid like most people.
So you did have them.
How long is this going to last?
Did they tell you?
I mean, it's call?
No.
Yeah.
Exactly.
That's what I had in mind.
When I heard your voice.
Probably a week, 10 days.
Yeah.
14 days.
Which is how much longer?
Well, I don't know when I actually started coming down with it.
Probably Sunday, Saturday, Sunday.
Yeah.
So probably I might be back to a darkened Bob door next week.
Because Keith Conner was coming.
You looked like crap on wheels, man.
He said that you looked like a pathetic.
He said it was embarrassed for you.
But, no.
And I said, what's that about that?
But you would have enjoyed the hockey game last night, Tom.
Yeah.
A lot of fights, a lot of action.
Leaves won it, but the lighting were right in there.
And potpan made a lot of great say.
It was a good game.
A lot of enthusiasm.
And the security guard waved back.
No, actually the security guard.
You knew who Mr. Guard.
And the security guard number 29 winked at us.
When we came in and I said, listen, Bob and Neil are only names, okay, kid?
Ha!
Well, listen, Tom.
I don't want to blow you off here, buddy.
You're blowing me off.
Have a great day, Tom.
And it feels better.
I didn't get to call anybody a douchebag.
And we're so sorry that we may be able to send you to your Tom.
And I'll smoke another one just for you, okay, Tom?
Hey, thanks for having me.
And Peter and Kurt said they miss you desperately, okay?
Hey, enjoy your study.
And if you believe that, okay, Tom?
Okay.
See ya.
That's Tom Velvita for his big bank club from State to the From Coast.
You know, Keith painted such a picture, such as sad tragic, pathetic picture of him.
And Tom and his pox that everybody here at the station actually felt sorry for him for about 10 minutes.
Up until I'd call now, I feel sorry for us.
It's 1151.
Now is the possible, huh?
On the IOD network.
And then Saturday we got our remote, our appearance in peaches from 11 a.m. to 2 a.m.
Me and the blob together again and Tom Velvita will be there.
We'll have some ugly pictures and a bunch of stuff.
Neil Bob Fowler.
Peaches.
Be there.
Don't miss it.
It's gonna be one month.
Come see Neil and Bob.
Come meet Neil Rogers and Bob Latheter Saturday March 20th.
11 a.m. till 2 p.m.
Peaches at University Collections.
Another personal appearance from News Talk Radio 620 WSUN.
News Talk Radio 620 WSUN.
It's the Neil Rogers show.
You can talk to Neil Live by calling Toe Free 1-800-944-9463.
Unbelabeled.
So anyway, oh wait a minute.
Just look like a blob to you.
See you're the one that told me don't make the levels at high?
Just look like a blob to you.
Yeah.
It's 1155.
We got backed up badly here toward the end of the hour.
We did?
We got backed up.
We didn't get it.
It takes a next class.
Here's four Myers.
Hello.
Hello.
Four Myers.
Hello.
Does this thing working?
They've been on here for hours.
They're gone.
How about Port Charlotte?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Good to you.
Yeah.
First of all, welcome to the West.
Yes, sir.
I'd be up there to see you.
But nice old prevent you pulled out in front of my motorcycle and I have a cast.
So I won't be able to come up and see you.
It's all nice.
Well, I tell you, those old parts that drive down by you, man.
I would love them.
I always pop at a gut driving up 75 years today trying to get around these people.
They're in all the lanes.
They're all over the goddamn road.
They're all going each one going slower than them.
And talk about Canadian plates, man.
There are more Ontario plates than there are in Ontario.
Well, you just clear the call back and you'll be all right.
What the hell was that all about, eh?
Well, you can see as their knuckles were going down the road.
Yeah.
Anyway, listen.
While Bob is in the room, blephal plastic.
Who?
What?
You were talking about that, the eyelid procedure?
Oh, yeah.
I've had that twice.
You have?
Yeah.
And how did it come out?
Pretty good.
When I was born, I had a condition called toses where your eyelid just doesn't work.
You know, it stays shut.
Yeah.
And blephal plastic.
And it's called one.
It's called toses.
Hallotosis?
Toses.
Just plain toses.
Just plain toses.
Toses.
Is that when your toses stay shut?
Yeah.
That's when your eyes stay shut.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Anyway, they're towing your eyes called toses.
Yeah.
Anyway, it's a procedure that fixes your eyelid.
It reattaches it to the muscle.
Dude, and I had a problem.
It attaches it to your muscle.
It reattaches it to the eyelid muscle.
Well, boy, it must create some back strain having your muscle attached to your eyelid, huh?
Well, sometimes.
Even once his name was a hair.
Ron Jeremy couldn't do that.
Yeah, it makes it real difficult to dress.
Yeah, I would think so, yeah.
Anyway, I had a problem with my face.
That's what the art of it should be.
He can't get his dress on over his ears.
I've had early certain times that your eyelids are open.
So you've got Hallotosis and your eyelids are all straightened out now?
Yeah, and it's the only thing it does is I sleep with that eye open now.
So I have like, I'm like, I'm winking when I sleep.
Well, sir, if you'd stop having dirty thoughts, you could stay on it.
Well, what can I do with all the time?
You can be like the winked poster child.
Yeah, well, you know, all the references to Kurt can't help.
Yeah, well, listen, yeah, I'm just in my shoes.
He's okay. He's just like, excuse me.
I'd make a famous request if I could.
Okay, so we got to tone all of that down because we don't want to intimidate him
so much, he'll create a neurosis.
All right.
And then, of course, he'll have toosis.
Oh, well, I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Don't ask you.
Would you rather have neurosis or toosis?
Probably neurosis, so I could cope with poor Charlotte.
Okay.
Anyway.
What an old crappy place, huh?
Oh, yeah. Well, you know, Tony Allen, you know, I got to hear WWE.
Are you listening probably on S U N, right?
Yeah.
Because it comes in much better.
WWE C N is only like within a three mile radius of four Myers
and Eustace or whatever that is over there.
I have, guys, sterile.
I have got to tell you that radio station, I don't think it's like really on the air.
I mean, I could hear it.
But like, oh, spots are available on the near Rogers show.
Call up Tony Allen. They give a phone number.
It's, I have never heard a radio station quite like that.
It's like he's sitting in a room somewhere, running the board
and waiting for the phone to ring the cell-sum spots.
And I'm getting it.
It's like thousands of...
What's what we do here?
It's like a monopoly game. It's like a hobby.
You're right, just like here, exactly.
It doesn't remind me.
Just before your show on Mondays, they stole a spot for an hour.
They had these two ladies who own an erotic toy shop.
Ooh.
And people call in and discuss what they want to do and...
They all go.
Yeah.
Yeah. It's pretty interesting.
A lot of toy stores.
Yeah. It's all different sort of thing that you can't talk about.
Really? Like what?
Oh, you'd be surprised.
Well, they sure went to the right.
You take this one off your poses.
People coming in and...
Like his friend...
Look at him. He's still scratching his head.
He said, what are you doing with that?
You stick it on your toes, sis.
But anyway, Sally would be upset.
But look, you've been a really alarming caller, I think,
because the movie's working.
I was exactly anything.
Yeah.
Since Bruce Wilson, I share today's our birthday.
If you pick up...
Look at how your toes, sis.
Yeah.
Bruce and I share today's our birthday.
So if you could play the Vagdy Fair Demi More card,
that big...
Okay.
You'll see it.
A blob is hiding at the rock comedy CD around, okay?
All right.
And a great day.
Newstalk Radio 620, WSUN, St. Petersburg, Tampa,
Clearwater, finally, entertaining AM Radio.
Not the same old talk.
Newstalk Radio 620, WSUN, finally, entertaining AM Radio.
Not the same old talk.
It's the Neil Roger Show.
You can talk to Neil Live by calling toll free 1-800-944-9463.
That's 1-800-944-9463.
The opinions expressed are not necessarily those of the staff,
management, or advertisers of Newstalk Radio 620, WSUN.
Hey Joe! Speak!
Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey!
I don't believe it.
Look at that girl.
He's a big name beauty who's appeared in movies
and you've seen her in the picture show.
Yeah, I saw ghost Bruce Willis is her hubby
and she's got a little baby that she brings to this studio.
Right.
She makes all kind of tone of my heart.
All kind of clothes, but the clothes she doesn't wear.
Oh!
Are the clothes that are painted on the girl who's naked on the cover
of the vanity fair.
Vanity fair.
They're more naked on the cover.
Fair.
With a suit that's made of watercolor.
She fades at you on the cover of the vanity fair.
And under it.
She's a bloody man.
God take her.
I could have agreed to make passion for her skin type fashion
because she's gone out on holding.
She got a body by her williest.
And they even did the trim.
She got a pinstripe, put some metal panels in with them.
And she's looking so dead on air.
Once you ain't seen nothing like the extra buttons
on the cover of the vanity fair.
Vanity fair.
And they get on the cover.
Fair.
With a suit that's made of watercolor.
Like a bank you can't remember.
Fair.
And she makes me get by this fair.
And the color of the vanity fair.
On the cover of the vanity fair.
And she makes me get on the cover.
Fair.
On an extra copy of my brown.
With a suit that's made of watercolor.
Fair.
On the cover of the vanity fair.
And she makes me get a cover that looks so beautiful.
Smiling.
She ain't even pregnant this time.
So anyway, it's a 1208 blob is getting ready to go out of here.
And as soon as he puts out that awful bag of it that he's smoking.
What are you laughing about?
The only reason I was laughing about it is because I smoke one in here.
And I like felvita.
Are you going to weigh in here?
I'm not smoking man.
I want to try to cook him in trouble.
Yes.
I'm not smoking a bag.
You know?
He's smoking it in here.
Tom, he's doing it.
He lit it up.
It's burning over here.
You're a trouble maker.
You're a trouble maker.
You're a trouble maker.
And you're a blowhard man.
I agree.
So anyway.
I've heard anyway.
Anyway, you're going to be getting out of here in a couple of minutes.
Go home, take a nap.
We're going to have a great dinner at Donatello tonight.
The only thing that bothers me is having read the...
And we still have had no comment about that.
About what?
About that thing in the Tampa Tribune.
Of course not.
Why?
Well, you mean the course.
You know what I'm saying.
You ought to come back Wednesday, man.
Are these people retarded or what?
Here's a big spread, if I can say that, in the local newspaper.
And I got only notice where they surveyed these people except maybe at the unemployment line.
And one of the best of this and the best of that.
And the best hamburger they got checkers.
In a town that's got steak and shake.
And then crystal for that matter.
And what's the best pizza, pizza hut, which is really colorful.
And the best.
Why does this...
At the risk of bringing your show down, why does this surprise you?
I called you.
The best Italian restaurant, the Olive Garden, which is industrial strength.
No, no, no, no, no.
And best I call you about a month before I had this gig, right?
Did I not?
And I said, you know, tell me about working mornings.
And you said, well, you know, I don't really know.
It's all what we did.
We played records and then you know, we schmooz and we took some calls.
This is not mornings anymore.
This is the middle of the day.
And they're still not talking about it.
Well, yeah, but it's still a morning mentality.
No, it's not.
People started with us six hours ago are still here.
And how about the ones who started with us like a half an hour ago?
What about them?
They don't know what the hell we're doing.
Yes, they do.
Oh my God.
They weren't here.
They weren't here.
Over and over and over again.
Maybe nobody reads the goddamn time for tribute.
Maybe everybody reads the same Pete Times in the USA today,
because they like the pizza.
Maybe nobody cares.
Maybe nobody's like, following along with the pictures in USA today.
Maybe nobody finds them unusual.
Maybe their favorite restaurant is the Olive Garden.
And you're insulting the hell out of them.
People love the Olive Garden.
Oh, yeah.
Some people do.
They love it.
I can't believe it.
This is second year in a row.
It's one.
You have to be joking me, aren't you?
People, I talked to them.
With that brown curdled up lettuce.
I don't like it at all.
You know, I've been there.
How would you say it earlier?
You're sucking up the Neal, man.
You're sucking up the Neal.
Oh, my God.
Everybody.
I think you're going to get your job back.
You know, tell him the truth.
You'll like the Olive Garden.
No, he doesn't.
Especially with the salad.
No, he doesn't.
He said too many good free meals to have that better.
That is correct.
I just don't get it.
I just don't understand it.
And checkers?
Checkers I've never been to.
You can work with me if they were free.
I think it's taken, Shake, if I want a hamburger.
You had a checkered career.
But I mean, checkers?
Checkers is like rallies.
You know what rallies is?
Vicaries.
Yeah.
Same kind of thing.
It's where people who only have like loose change.
And nothing over a dime.
Okay.
No, seriously.
They drive through there.
They reach dig down deep.
They scour through the car.
And they feel the change.
And they like toss it if they drive through.
And that's it.
That's what that is.
Okay.
So I guess checkers and the Olive Garden aren't going to be advertising anytime soon on WSTVN or WIOD or WWCN.
Of course, in four miles you don't make any difference because nobody is ever going to be advertising on WWCN.
I don't get it.
How does he pay the electric bill over there?
Well, I think the following four miles has an Olive Garden yet.
They don't.
They don't have an upscale mark.
What do they have in four miles besides a lot of all of the King Dry Up people?
They have the erotic...
What is it, women?
What is it?
What was that?
Oh.
George said they got...
That's what he said.
They have the erotic toy store.
In four miles?
Didn't know what the guy said?
Oh, no.
No, it was that old lady got confused.
It was a candle shot they opened up.
Ha!
Erotic toy store.
Are you out of your inventory?
Didn't know what the guy said to call right before the time.
No, that was the guy who had his toses.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And he was talking about this erotic toy store.
And they didn't know what was I hallucinating?
Did Sally open up a business in four miles?
What's going on?
What a sense of humor, huh?
I wonder how that energizer bunny is doing with her.
Ha!
You know, she does use those kind of batteries.
Did you know that?
You know why?
Is that keep going?
Is her right in us notes now?
No, that's right.
You were personal note.
He's right in your personal note.
Oh, God.
I'm shocked.
I'm shocked.
And he's like drawing a picture too.
You know, that disgusting Kurt got all mighty and talked about an exaggeration.
Ha!
So how are we doing on the phones, guys?
I don't plan on taking any calls the rest of the day.
No, we'll take one or two.
Now you're sticking around, right?
If you insist.
I insist.
And you're leaving.
God, we insist.
Okay, now we're going right now.
No, I just want you to get some rest.
I don't want you to be grumpy and grouchy at dinner.
You're gone.
Sure.
Here is a note.
I got to take a hit.
Deal.
Especially when you shut off my mic.
I don't want to be grumpy.
I don't want to be grumpy.
Now listen, I don't want, blah, blah, I don't want Kurt to feel bad or feel anything.
But just before during the news, I was reading out, did you type it on the screen?
Also?
Yeah.
Then what, you just came in here to be close to me again so you could write this?
I don't understand.
You know, if I come back here often enough, he might even shake my hand.
I doubt it.
Huh?
You want to try it?
He won't do that.
You don't think he'll do it?
I think what you do with your hand, really.
Come on, Kurt.
Just one time.
Doubtful.
You don't think he'll do it?
No.
Come on, let's see if he'll do it.
I wouldn't do it.
Would you shake my hand?
Shake your hand?
Yeah.
You're going to have to spot it real quick.
Do you see this?
This is an interesting exercise.
I think this is a...
Hey, look at her.
Hey, you're going to touch it.
You're going to touch it.
Just a joke.
Get out of here, Kurt.
It says, if you thought that pizza from Flores had a lot of onions before you went see nothing
yet from Marvin and George burping and farting.
And it says on the bottom of the thing, which I read, which you're a Kurt type, if you thought,
you couldn't get it on there?
No.
How about the message?
I wouldn't.
Finish up on there.
It wouldn't finish up on there?
Yeah.
Everything he says is another line.
If you notice that, the guy is just...
You wouldn't shake my hand.
Okay, blah.
We'll see you later.
Have a great day and get some rest and we'll see you tonight.
1214 on the IOD Network.
Catch the Rick and Sud Show today and every weekday from 2-6 on News Talk Radio 620, WSUN.
I really think that guy had a good idea.
We're coming to a time here where nobody wants to give up anything.
But we have to take care of the debt and I don't want to get off on this, but you're seeing like...
Like that, well, that kid who gave up $1,000 out of his business.
Yeah.
Okay, and set it to Clinton to help relieve the national debt.
And that, and that's what it is.
Well, yeah.
And then Clinton in turn set him back the paperclip that it bought for the B1 bomber.
Yeah.
That $1,000.
And he used $800 to call the kid and thank him from Air Force One.
Yeah, and they invited the whole family.
So now we're in debt from that $1,000.
So thank you.
Yeah, you went a little punk.
And just go to show you what happens when you give kids money.
They just go through something.
Yeah, you can put with it.
Be an adult, hoard it, okay?
Cheap the government and hoard.
Finally, entertaining AM radio.
Not the same old talk.
News Talk Radio 620, WSUN.
Floor Lantley Market.
Tampa Bay's newest and largest indoor market has something for everyone.
Floor Lant has over 800 booths.
Plus a farmer's market, three food courts, bingo, free entertainment, and antique center.
And it's all under one roof.
If you haven't been one of the thousands coming to Floor Lant each weekend, don't miss out any longer.
At Floor Lant, you'll find acres of free pay, parking, and free admission.
Shop in air-conditioned comfort.
Have a snack or a meal at one of the three restaurants.
Enjoy the free entertainment.
And take care of all your family shopping needs at the Floor Lantley Market.
Open Saturday and Sunday, 9-5.
Just take I-275 to Bush Boulevard, exit 33, and look for the big yellow sign.
Don't miss the Bay Area's newest and largest indoor flea market. Floor Lant.
If you're planning a trip to the mountains, make sure you listen to the exclusive
Hormel ski watch right here on New Stock Radio 620 WSUN.
Brought to you three times daily by Dinti Moore Beeps 2.
It's a real meat and potatoes meal.
You'll hear up to the minute ski conditions that resorts from all around the country.
What the base is, how much powder you can expect, and some very valuable ski tips too.
It's the Hormel ski watch three times a day only on New Stock Radio 620 WSUN.
New Stock Radio 620 WSUN.
It's the Neil Lager Show.
You can talk to Neil Live by calling toll free 1-800-944-9463.
Speak, Joe, speak.
Now, God, would you sleep and fall?
A lot less bastard.
But I feel secure.
Because your temp will watch while your windows open.
Did you just say something, George?
I'll do a heartless, relentless bastard.
Yeah, so, okay, 12-18 and we're having a good time now that blob is gone.
Now the show can begin, right?
Now the fun can begin.
Oh, look at that.
Keith and Susie Schwarzgeritz are out there doing it.
Back in the chair, man, this guy is so...
I want to tell you something.
That was one of the most frightening exercises I have ever seen in my life.
Oh, look at that.
Wait a minute.
You see that?
How his little finger crawls, his little pinky curl up.
No, it did.
Look at this.
When somebody shakes hands with you and they like do this, what does that mean?
Look how ready he is in a face.
Yes.
Kurt, it's just a radio show.
Susie, will you talk to him, please?
Why, Kurt?
Shake his hand.
He just did.
No, it's seriously.
Shake my hand.
He went like that.
What does that mean, Susie?
He did.
He did.
And then he was in here and he drew a picture and it looked like the state of Florida I thought.
God, it's just a show.
If I knew that he was so uptight about this, I'd picked on somebody else, although I can't find anybody in a building to pick on.
There's no way.
There's no way.
There is no.
You're right.
Well, I wouldn't say personality is the word.
But anyway, great.
Go get fizzy and do something.
Well, you're getting nervous.
Anyway, that was incredible.
I mean, how many people have you shaken hands with in your life who went like that?
And I can't do it on a radio, but it's like with a little finger like,
Huh?
Never.
That's like a message.
It is, isn't it?
I don't know.
Well, wouldn't you think so?
Well, it's like a silent message.
Well, it's like if you went in the elevator and somebody goofed you, it would be like a silent message.
Wouldn't that?
What else?
Huh?
Okay.
And you know what they say at the Metro Zoo, you can't pass up a goose.
That's what Ron McGill always says.
But what is the message?
So anyway, Joe Gerstin's in jail.
There's all kinds of crap going on.
And we're not, the calls we're getting, I mean, they've been fine, but they're not informative.
They're not, they're not like keeping us in touch with Miami.
Well, the world with anything that's going on, which is why we're in such a good mood.
And by the way, the rug-a-loch from, you know, J.M. Schwartz's, Deli and Restaurant,
and we want to thank Michael again.
Those were the best I've ever had.
I've had some pretty damn good rug-a-loch in my time.
You know something I wish we'd have been here on Puraum.
Can you imagine a humontosh and he must have had?
No, seriously, have you ever had him?
Didn't you used to have him when we did the show?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I can just imagine a humontosh and that this man must have whipped out.
I'm serious.
I mean, we had real good ones this year.
Thanks to our friend Steve.
We don't want to forget Steve, do we, George?
No.
Just in case for a nut.
No, we don't.
Just in case for next year.
So, we really only got four calls now or what?
Because I don't really plan on taking any.
Do we have a bunch of calls?
Six calls.
We have said that's pretty good.
Because Keith is in there showing given instructions to Kurt on how to do something.
I don't know why he was banging on something.
So anyway, let's do a mobile insane peed.
Oh, I see what he's doing.
He's got a whole of the sousian.
Is this something new?
What Keith's wife going to think about this?
She's at home.
She don't care.
Hello.
I got some news for you.
Okay.
Okay.
I eat checkers every day.
You like it?
Yeah.
No, good.
Wow.
What do you mean?
It's just something to work out.
Now, let me ask you.
Have you ever eaten a steak and shake?
Yeah, I haven't.
It's disgusting.
I got sick.
It was in bed for today, after I ate it.
You got to be kidding me.
Are you serious?
I'm dead serious.
Do you realize that there are people in other parts of the state not to mention the much-drated
Miami and Fort Lauderdale?
We would kill for a steak and shake and you guys are eating a checkers?
Well, there's one over in Lakeland that I stopped at one time and I was taken to a steak
Yeah.
We have three.
I don't know.
I ordered a milkshake to start with.
Yeah.
I got milk actually shaking.
That was about it.
They were still shaking it?
Oh, they were shaking it.
Maybe they didn't finish shaking it.
Oh, it was really hard.
Maybe it was.
It was really hard.
It made me ill.
You know, speaking of making you ill, I am watching a scene in here.
Are you trying to convince us?
This is something because we remain unconvinced to, is he?
Okay.
She is like slapping all over anybody, over every guy in the building.
Now she and Peter are like hugging and kissing.
George would like to be in on this.
I'll tell you that.
Absolutely.
Yeah, I'll bet you that.
She's playing a game over here for a little trim and everybody to have a hell of a time.
Did she hear the haircut lady?
What?
Did she hop and laugh to laugh?
She is doing it.
She's laughing it.
Well, listen.
So you like one vote for checkers and you're the first guy that responded to anything we said today for which we congratulate you.
Wonderful.
Or Neil, let me tell you something.
Yes.
Did Bob happen to leave you as a cart of Dennis Liri, the disco bit?
No.
It's the asshole phone but it's got a disco beat behind it.
I'll find it.
He's gone.
He went over a little nap before his next feeding.
Oh, naphy?
Yeah.
A little naphy poo.
We'll dig it out.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah?
You might want to put this up on cart.
Well, he isn't asshole.
He'll get it.
Okay, have a great day pal.
Excellent.
Now they're getting the drift of it, huh?
He actually responded and even though we may have not agreed with his response, well, maybe we ought to try checkers, although I'm not eating meat.
Maybe you ought to try it.
Do you have a checkers in Lakeland?
Yeah.
But I'm kind of hooked up.
Would you be willing to try it?
I guess so.
Over the weekend.
Hmm.
I don't know.
So Monday, you can call in with a report.
This will see.
This is like almost a topic.
Oh, God.
So in other words, you don't want to be the guinea pig.
Is that what you said?
No, but I think that you could do the drive through.
Okay.
Huh?
Well, it's like almost like a Rick and Suds thing like a drive through challenge.
Oh, okay.
The challenge is whether you come out alive or not.
I think about it.
But you know, I got this.
It's kind of like going to Carl's, not Carl's, Juniors.
Is that the one where they had to think?
Carl's Jr.
In California?
Yeah.
Wasn't it all in the...
No, it was Jack in the box.
Yeah.
That's the Payphone Challenge.
I drive through challenge.
Yeah.
I got those steak and shake coupons.
I'm kind of oriented to steak and shake.
But, you know, I'll make a sacrifice.
I will.
Yeah.
I'll think about it.
Oh, think about it.
Okay.
Check her.
Well, I think we've discovered a lot of very interesting stuff over here this time.
I think this has been a real...
Peter knows what's going on.
He doesn't dare tell me.
He just wants me to find out for myself.
He knows what the lay of the land is here.
Very uptight.
Really uptight.
I mean, just...
Petrified.
So anyway, it's 1225 on the IOD Network.
Like a dream come true or a nightmare, Bob Lasseter is back.
You can tune in weekday morning 6 to 10 on NewsTalk Radio 620, WSUN.
The last day of set.
I'm Tony Alexander with Ormel SkiWatch on NewsTalk Radio 620 WSUN.
Brought to you by Dinky More Beasts, too.
The skiing is soft and sweet in Colorado.
Keystone Valance team both have their cover on the sloppy side up top.
The kind of wet towards the base.
Powder pocket showing up.
It veils backboles and Keystone's outback.
I'm Tony Alexander with Ormel SkiWatch on NewsTalk Radio 620 WSUN.
Brought to you by Dinky More Beasts, too.
A real meat and potato with meal.
How to make Dinky More Beasts, too, taste even better.
First, take a chairlift to the top of a hill.
Or better yet a mouth mountain.
Then, find a sign with a big black diamond on it.
The one that means most difficult.
Then, get after it.
Find the toughest path down and tear it off.
Then at the bottom, if you've done it right, you'll be ready for Dinky More Beasts, too.
And the big chunks of meat and potatoes will taste better than ever.
It's a most just reward for conquering a mountain.
Dinky More Beasts, too.
A real meat and potatoes meal.
Hey, mister.
I got a complaint about oil can't Henry.
Well, I'm here to make it right, sir.
What's your complaint?
That's his tip.
This politeness.
This yes, sir.
This no, sir.
Letting me know what you're doing and letting me make the decisions.
I'm not sure that I understand, sir.
Well, when I go to get an oil change, I expect to be abused.
I expect to get covered in grease in a dirty waiting room.
I want an unreasonably high bill without an explanation.
Well, I'm sorry that we can't accommodate you, sir.
Don't say you're sorry.
You're worse than the guy who showed me the air filter before he changed it.
Look, take my advice.
You guys got to make this place a grimy mess
and start treating people like dead if you want customers like me.
At oil can't Henry's, we may offend a few people with our politeness and attention to detail.
Some people might not like old-fashioned service along with state-of-the-art technology.
However, most people will find oil can't Henry's to be there with a group of choice.
Oil can't Henry's in clear water, braiden tendon, even Oldsmall and Carol would open seven days.
Get into the pioneering spirit with a great American cleanup.
Help clean up 39th City of Tampa Park and Recreation Center, Saturday March 20th, beginning at 10 a.m.
You could win four round trip US air tickets anywhere US air flies in the continental United States.
Every day US air takes off more than 2600 times to over 150 cities throughout the US.
Remember, US air begins with you.
See the Grand Canyon, Washington DC or New York City travel restrictions apply must be 18 years or older
and present at one of the cleanups to win.
From the Florida Aquarium, City of Tampa Park and Recreation Centers and Windex, Vanishing O-Ceter Products.
Newstalk Radio 620, WSUN. It's the Neo-Lodger Show.
You can talk to Neo Live by calling toll free 1-800-944-9463.
16 communities have a variety of items on the ballot with the exception of mayoral erections in Sunrise and Cooper City.
When I draw off, I want to be just like a tarman, because he's Alan Sherman in a disguise.
He's better than a bridge tender, or even a tree lady, or her bastard son, the guy with the eyes.
A vulgar Brian and a way great bitch will win some more than adequate, but even so.
Speak, Joe speak.
So, I could decide.
So, when I grow up, I want to be just like a tarman, and I'll never have to get a hotline.
Thanks for calling. I'll never have to get a hotline.
Bring Riley to do a spank. I'll never have to get a hotline.
So, as best as I could decide.
Joe Gerstin showed up in court this morning at 8.45, and the Judd said,
Speak, Joe speak.
And he didn't do it. And they threw his ass in jail. So, I understand.
And if these people would let us know what the hell is going on, we'd know, but I don't think so.
New York?
New York, New York.
You in New York, New York?
I am New York, New York, and I'm calling New York.
Yes, and you're speaking to New York.
And why am I calling New York?
Good question. I'm glad you asked.
Because I have a guy in Florida, my name is Alan Glyth, and he says, Max,
If you're working on this show called the Sheikardam U.B., why haven't you been in touch with Neil Rogers and invited him for the show?
Exactly. And you know why? Because he probably won't go.
Well, maybe he's missing something.
Well, he is, but I don't think it's the show. But anyway, huh?
Well, you say you don't know what you're missing, and that's what you think. I know what I'm missing. That's what makes it bad.
Well, I do say that, that the Sheikardam U.B. to listen to the music of Irving Berlin.
Hey, I'm log.
Well, it's after all it got a fairly...
And the Jewish plumber in Braydenton said, Oy, a clog.
No, well, did he see it?
He saw it. Yeah, he saw it.
Well, let me give you the...
He felt it.
Let me give you the opportunity of seeing it for yourself.
Judge for yourself.
Yeah.
You own judge, and judge?
Judge, not less DB judge. That's what the good book says.
Yeah, that can be, it depends.
But only the guy invited that.
Unless they're outside an abortion clinic, yeah?
Neil, you know, I didn't know you are now. I'm delighted to speak to you.
Yeah.
And I'm...
What do you mean you didn't know who I've...
You're calling me on the air. I'm over here in St. Petersburg doing like a remote from our sister-relaust, our toaster.
What was it?
Our toaster station.
Yeah.
And you don't even know what the hell we're doing, and you're calling to try to get a free plug.
Man, I gotta give you...
I gotta give you...
Yes, yes, yes, why don't you admit it? Come on, I have no problem with that.
I was told to cord you and invite you to see the show.
You were told by whom?
By Alan Glyst.
Who's Alan Glyst, you know who he is?
No, I never heard of him.
Well, he owns a little operation called Alan Stewart.
What the hell is that?
Well, that's a manufacturing place in Florida.
Don't trust anybody with two first names, sir.
Oh, well, I just...
No, his second half is Kathy Glyst, and also...
Yeah.
And Misha and Misha, you put me two probably, right?
And Schmeckle and Chekl.
They also have another show called It's Oliver, and that's playing at the Browitz.
My grandmother used to have a very colorful expression.
She used to say,
Hock Marnus came trinic.
Would you please?
And I think that I'm about ready to repeat the same thing to you.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Huh?
For first looks to do it.
Don't start talking in four languages with us.
Okay, let's...
I think it is not a far from life.
Unless it's an end of time.
Or in my...
Bobby also would have said Cox a hoist, but we can't do that on the year.
But you don't say that.
Not on the year.
Okay, well listen, have a great day and thank you for...
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Can I wish you a...
And a happy...
forum, but it's too late.
Have a great day.
I'm looking, Mr.
Happy, happy, she was.
Think of Abnyddi.
See ya.
I didn't understand one word of that.
I have no idea what Ellie was talking about.
And I think that makes at least three of us including him.
What was that?
Alan Stewart...
Clueless.
I think he was in a hockey game last night.
And I do want to say,
how come that guy who was like the...
the real groupie there,
and right in front of a blob last night,
who was like a barrel of fun and a loudmouth and a good guy,
he never recalled in today for about the hockey game.
Because I wanted to tell him that Dave Andrew Chuck
and Dave Hela were both out of our line of blasts.
Night two of our big important stars.
So don't keep making excuses because you guys played just fine
and handled your own beaties and all the fights but lost in the game.
So I guess if you're like a macho man,
it's more important that you win the fights even if you lose the game, right?
Even you would agree with that.
Oh, yeah, no question.
Okay, we've got...
I think Dave and Broward are probably like laying down a little bit again.
Thanks, son.
We do have Key West on the Starline.
Hello.
Steve Brown is on the ground.
Let's see if it's not working again.
Hello.
It's Neil.
Yeah.
Is the bird there?
Yeah.
Can I ask him a question, please?
Yeah.
Do you paint your bull spot?
Oh, no.
Is this a rump, old people?
He'd like to respond, you sir, okay?
Please.
I don't have a bull spot.
He's like a case of that spray paper, is he?
We'll go out and get a case, how's that?
Send them to that junk guy.
Maybe he can do miracles.
Okay, have a great day, Tom.
Well, if we had time, we'd paint the bull spot.
We started now.
I think by next forum, we might finish the job.
I like that call better than the previous.
Yeah, a lot better than the Helen Gliss and the Sheik of Araby riding it on his horse through
anaples or whatever the hell he was talking about.
I have no idea what that was.
From the York knowledge.
He must have been confused with Abe Hirschfeld, huh?
He called from New York.
Can you believe Abe Hirschfeld would own even the players?
Yeah.
Even players forget the New York Post.
That is frightening.
And there was a Hirschfeld theater in South Florida, isn't it?
Right, yeah.
In fact, that's the only place when you go in your pay or money to get the ticket they spit in your face.
Yes, they do.
Anyhow, now how many calls have we got George?
Because I'm getting a little bit nervous here, even a lot.
What have you got?
Cinco.
Five.
Well, don't start with this, esponule.
The first we got a guy in Hebrew.
Now we got Cinco, Cinque, all the way.
And Oive.
Oive Filion.
He's driving into the Yonkers in the 10th race tonight.
What was the guy's name?
Mario's Winetti.
OK.
In date 7519-463 and Broward 524 and out of townlines, and we're not even giving these numbers,
and that's probably a bad mistake because I don't know what they are.
I think it's 1-800-944.
Yeah.
946-3.
And we'd like to get a lot of response about steak and shake.
I can't believe that there's that.
I mean, different strokes for different folks, and it was a good guy, but he just got crappy taste except the show.
He likes checkers and he hated steak and shake.
Is that possible?
Well, yes it is.
If I were still eating meat and a lot of grease and fat and stuff like that,
I would be at steak and shake right now just clawing my way in the inside.
I'd be grabbing at it.
You remember the story when I would be just reaching out to touches?
Oh, God.
Yeah.
Three years ago when I moved up here to Lakeland, and the first night in town, where did I go to eat?
Does he ever get out of the house?
I have never, seriously.
Other than, you know, you don't get W.O.
Yes you do.
W.O.R. on the cable over here?
You know, Cyrilli Kessler that does the new news with the white ghostly face.
Forget about the nuts.
Okay, he's like, he's like Cyrilli without the nuts.
Pasty, white complexion.
I mean, doesn't she ever let you out of the house?
No, seriously, this is Florida.
Okay, I realize it's the winter time, but that's dangerous man.
That is white and pasty and the complexion too.
So anyway, what?
Oh, what was I saying?
I was talking about the first night I moved up there.
I didn't say pasty.
I said pasty.
I went to steak and shake the very first night I was here.
I was craving it.
Yeah, and I went to the shake.
I'm craving it right now as a matter of fact.
Yeah.
That's all.
Oh, okay.
Well, I thought that was maybe a story there.
I didn't want to screw around with it.
Did you see in the trip the favorite radio station in town?
Did you see this?
Yeah.
98 Rock.
Right.
And the best morning show.
Run and run.
Run and run.
I don't hear anymore.
I'm going to go to the next station.
