It's terrible.
I know.
Yeah, it gains will, I can actually hear why and everywhere is on AM unless they're sitting
under just the right tree with their ass bent in the right position.
They can't hear it.
Exactly.
On AM.
For that, I'm telling you.
Well, this is this company.
Do you have any idea how frustrating this week has been?
I mean, you know, I'm ecstatic that we got the chance to be on there.
And I'm doubly ecstatic because it proves that there was an entire living and breathing
audience in there, all throughout that, you know, the rest of this state that would just
love to listen to this station, all of God, damn time.
But we stick it on a crappy AM station with a mediocre signal that cracks, poppels and
pukes.
And that's it.
Well, it's not just a signal.
The callers that have been calling from this area are better.
I mean, the whole show has been approved.
A million times better.
And I look, the first time we went over there, many months ago, and we did our first appearance
in Tampa.
We went to that clear water mall.
We had literally thousands of people, okay?
And it was great.
The only thing though I noticed that was different.
And including the last time we went to the West Shore Mall, we had a lot of people
than two, not as many, but still a really good turnout.
But not, you know, not the same crowd that we usually get, not as many young people, not
as many like college people are like, you know what I'm saying?
It was more like middle aged and older and craggy and those picking people.
The AM listeners.
Which is okay.
I mean, we love anybody and everybody who dares to be great and listen.
But at the same time, we like to reach those people that were trying to reach in the
first place, like over here.
Well, it's been great.
It's like, like I said, over in this area, we're so deprived.
We get things they take them away from it.
It was like a new toy this week.
I mean, I said, I said, I said to Bob Neil, I said to Bob Neil, I said to Bob Neil,
I point up how stupid they are.
I said, I got a great idea for you guys.
Why don't you just put a promo on an endless loop about listening to a Lasseter and Neil
and Rick and Suds and Randy, they're great on 620 WSU and just play that on Y&F from now
till the end of time.
Then you could say we would look at the promotion we gave you, went out and bought a whole
radio station to promote you.
Instead of putting us on there, they bought us a radio station to promote us on for a
week.
Incredible.
You should have heard Bob too.
When he heard that deal where he thought that Ron and Ron was coming back to 95, he was
scared to death the other.
Holy cow.
He named him with that.
I call him up all the time and give him a hard time.
He called me anymore.
He called me at home on Tuesday afternoon.
I thought, no, Wednesday afternoon, I thought this man was going to blow his brains out.
You could hear his eyelids flapping.
You could hear the skin laughing.
I'm telling you.
I felt so sorry for him.
He's worked so hard.
Yeah.
No, I want to say this again.
He and I ribbed each other a lot.
But I'm going to say this, they have taken this fat guy.
They have sat him in an empty studio to do a morning show.
Anybody who knows anything about radio knows that if you're going to do like an entertainment
show in the morning and carries a nice young lady and all that in spite of what Randy
said.
She's a nice person, but she's a board op.
She's not like a sidekick.
She didn't bring a lot to the, you know what I'm saying?
Exactly.
We have to have a couple of goofballs in there.
You have to have a news person that you can bounce off of.
You have to have some fun.
And here's this poor guy sitting in there sweating his balls off every day like desperately
trying to find a call besides a genome from my shore and PJ and TJ and the dead one from
Newport, Richie and it's almost impossible.
And you know, he's holding his own.
He's hanging on there.
He's built a little bit of a thing, but they got to give him more than that to work with
and they just don't want to do it.
They want this company and I'm not joking when I say this.
They want you to make to spin gold out of chicken crap.
And if there's anybody in the audience that knows how to do that, please, I'll be glad to
invest in your spinning wheel or whatever you need because I don't know how to do that.
How do you make gold out of chicken crap?
Well, let me tell you this and your numbers would have been phenomenal here.
It caught on really quick within one week.
It's amazing.
I mean, even here, like I said, in the Mexican restaurant, it would have worked very well.
I told them we could do a seven or eight year if they would leave us on a wine.
Oh, you really think so?
Well, how the hell do you ever know until you find out?
And I'm going to tell you another thing.
If they put some bogus crap on the worm, which they probably don't know.
You know, they don't know.
If they do that, then I'm really going to be ticked off.
Well, and close well almost because the reason I want to say this one more time and he didn't deny it.
The real reason that we're going back on SUN and staying on at AM is because they bought
that station.
They haven't got the foggiest idea of what to do with it.
They're paying us almost nothing to be on over there.
They're milking us and using us and manipulating us and squeezing us off over here.
And they're just praying that they can make that because they have no idea what else to
put on that station.
And that's the only reason we're on AM is because they don't know what to do with it.
I can tell them what to do with it.
Exactly.
But it works so well this week.
It's amazing that they would just continue what they're doing.
Yeah, they are amazing.
They keep, he was, Bobney was asking me this morning.
So you mean to say you had no, I said I had maybe a couple of complaints and those were
recent, you know, basically people who were upset that they lost their music but not
angry with us and didn't dislike what we're doing.
But they were just wondering where the hell are music went.
The only couple of calls we had that were like negative work, were cranks.
Right.
And I bet even those people that, you know, that were upset about the music, even by the end of this week,
you know they're enjoying the show.
Exactly.
I don't, I don't hear any grumbling in the morning.
I mean, starting, starting Monday morning, I'd hate to have to be the one who's going to
feel the phone calls.
I bet you they got the phone off the hook Monday for about the next six months over there.
Yeah.
Well, can I ask a favor?
Go ahead.
Can you play that Camaro card for me, the one that, you know, Camaro, you know what I'm
saying, making fun of Camaro's?
I don't know.
And I want to say one thing.
Time to think right now.
Okay.
1239 at WI.
Do that's what Father Otul's, tool said, a little as all you need.
Isn't that what he said?
We have an open line at Broward, 524, but a lot is better.
Here's four Myers where we're going off because I'm disgusting and gross.
Hey, Neil, speaking of pre-sense of hockey, you know, the pre-sense I'd like to get
their future nuns by the second period too.
Oh, yeah.
You're still on.
I'm still on, hey.
Shocking, isn't it?
Wonderful.
It's amazing.
Yeah.
Now, and not really.
I waited too long to get cut off.
Okay.
Hey, this guy, you read your thing in your newspaper there.
The shock jock is being dropped because he took the name of the Lord and vain too often,
I guess.
Father Otul, God, you know, anytime they want to like put a deal on you, you call your
shock jock.
Yeah.
What why is that?
You know, this expression, shock jock, which is another creation of these media assholes
is so ridiculous.
Anybody that says crap on you as a shock jock.
If they don't like you, they call you a shock jock.
Right.
If you're outrageous, if you're not just sitting there with your hand over your ear,
intoning for the audience for the masses, saying all the very polite crap that almost everybody
else says, then you're a shock jock and you're trying to titillate the audience.
Other crap.
Oh, did you say titillate?
I said titillate.
Oh, all of it.
Oh, they don't be in the paper tomorrow.
That will be in there tomorrow.
And big bull letters on the front page, titillate.
Well, believe me, I didn't come to Fort Myers by choice.
I got relegated here on transfer.
Fort Myers is such a little horse and buggy, Poetunk town and one thing to buy credit.
I'm not saying that now.
I've said that all along since the day, Tony Allen put us on here.
I have no idea why he put us on here.
And all we were doing was hoeing the signal because there were some people living and breathing
people over there, a small segment of them who really enjoyed the show.
And that was it.
That's all.
Exactly.
There's no culture at all.
Nothing.
No comedy clubs.
Nothing to do.
No place to go.
Nothing to see.
Speaking of Tony Allen, I got a good spy report on that, dude.
Yeah.
His latest hangout is one of their new sponsors.
One of the girls was telling me there's one of the girls that works there.
It's a place called Mermaid.
Really?
And at the Titty bar and they just say that he spends like the whole entire afternoon
camped in one of their booths in the back there.
What's going on with Tom Valvita?
That's the guy.
Yeah.
I love that.
I love that quote again from Amy says the main objection listeners had was that I used
a lot of bad language, especially objective when they took God's name in vain.
And this is a guy who calls up nosies on the ear and says what's going on with Tom Valvita?
Says the F word on the ear.
How do you like that?
I'm three radio stations on SUN, IOD and WWCN.
On three stations, blurt's out the F word and this is a man who's worried that I use the
name of the Lord in vain.
Well, you know, he's such a man.
I guess we could have said the F word that would have been okay, but just don't say,
oh God, that's good.
Well, he's such a purest.
He only takes that broker money from the brokerage shows and takes it down and gets lap
dances with it.
Yeah.
Well, he's almost as pious as a buddy but Paxen from the Homish lock network.
Well, there's got to be his good Christian values over there.
Did you hear that thing?
The Paxen Broadcasting boy here on your station.
You're not just here to make a living.
You're here as part of a team to show that a Christian approach to business can succeed
in a secular world.
I wonder how Dean Goodman, the general manager of Love 94 over there in that same building
with Buddy, but I wonder how he feels about that with his star David hanging around
his neck.
I bet you don't wear that to work.
Well, maybe Tony Allen would fit in well there.
You know, the Hop-Hop, we're seeing all.
Yeah.
He would just be here.
He would hop right on that pop.
Hop.
We'll see.
Well, have a great day, pal.
Hang in there.
Okay, it'll get worse.
We have an open line on the green line.
We should mention that 1-800-944-WYOD.
And I want to say it again, starting Monday morning 6.20 on AM and we're on there right
now.
In fact, you can tune over there right now on AM just just to get the feel of it in
here.
All that noise and static and stuff and get used to it.
All these new people that we got on YNF, they're like thousand, I'm sure thousands of
them, which quite frankly is a hell of a lot more than we ever had in S U N the first
place.
Because we've never been exposed if I can say that before to the real audience
that we're looking for.
By the way, thanks to, I got more stuff in the mail today and in the facts and all of
it.
This was a momentous day and then we even had little Torpy Bob Neal on here, ever
seeing him and David Paul together.
Unbelievable.
That's why he hired him because they look alike.
That's the only reason they're from the sound of the same tree.
They were hatched from the same egg.
Under an old oak tree and a tree.
In fact, ain't that the tree where Ned Bady was up?
I think right next to that tree they were doing it and there was this big gigantic old
egg.
What year was that deliverance?
About 75?
That's somewhere around in there.
Yeah, that would be just about right.
So anyway, here's Howard in Lake Worth.
Oh, that's not the right.
Howard wants to know about his satellite.
Just come on Howard, that's the wrong envelope.
Geez Howard.
Oh man, I'll write to you Howard.
I'll send you all the stuff from my satellite TV guide.
You'll get all the packages.
You'll get every, I'm going to take care of you Howard, but you're not the guy I want.
Believe me.
No, here's the thing.
Now that's not it either.
Wait a minute, is this it?
Here it is from John in St. Pete, who sent a letter complaining about a few things on
FLA to OP Gabe Hobbs, ops manager, or AK OP.
In fact, have you ever seen OP and Bob Neal together?
Unbelievable.
And OP and Bob Neal and David Paul.
Oh man, the geek trio.
So anyway, Gabe writes him back this long letter.
I'm sorry it took so long to respond to your letter, offering some criticisms of 970
WFLA.
I wanted to wait until the spring arbitraron ratings came out before I responded just
in case you were onto something.
Our growth and market dominance continues to be phenomenal.
I'm sorry if I sound like I'm bragging, but it is nonetheless true.
WSUN after 15 months on the air continues to flounder near the bottom of the ratings.
Okay.
Since Lord asked Limbaugh's the number one rated program in ten...
