Hurry though, Sears Brand Central's birthday sale end September 18th.
So when you get your invitation, oh wait a minute I just invited you on the radio so I
licked all those stamps for nothing.
Oh man.
Until my allergies told me, I never knew what a histamine blocker was.
In Park Davis introduced the histamine blocker Benadrill.
Allergy sufferers have had a powerful ally because when allergens attack Benadrill blocks
the histamine in your body from triggering food in itchy watery eyes, running nose.
No wonder doctors have trusted Benadrill longer than any other allergy medication.
When allergens attack depend on the histamine blocker Benadrill.
It's powerful protection.
Use is directed.
Tonight after Randy Rhodes, it's Don and Mike.
It's National Bake Bean Month and we're asking what do you like about baked beans?
In case great.
They're nutritious.
They make me smart.
A lot.
Bake beans.
They're delicious, nutritious and they make you smart.
A lot.
Yes they're baked beans but all my parties because nothing breaks the ice like break and
win.
I'm going to do a really big one here.
Listen.
I locked the eater holding mess of beans and then say the dog did it.
Here it comes.
Big beans make bubbles in the back.
Ready?
Here give me the microphone.
These make us smart.
These lots of baked beans.
During National Bake Bean Month.
It's going to be big.
This mess.
It's brought to you by the National Bake Bean Council.
Wow.
False alarm.
I, Luis Miguel.
See.
It's 1129.
See this?
We have an open line in Broward.
524WID.
The reaction is last night.
First ever.
Panther's game is just so underwhelming that I'm astonished.
We had two calls.
One from a guy who had no idea what the score was.
Then from some no picker in Tampa who thinks that Darren Pupa is God and Felix Potman had
the best year he ever had in the NHL last year which he doesn't have any idea what he's
talking about.
That said.
Hockey in Florida.
Maybe it's a mistake after all.
Here's Cutler Raid.
Chilla.
Meal.
Yes sir.
Let me make it short.
Let's go to the sports for a second here.
Okay.
Here's the hits.
The hits.
Man.
The hits are.
Yeah.
Okay.
The hero again.
If you have nothing else to do then you can watch him.
Yeah.
The top is I'm a great football fan but I wish him all the luck.
They'll need it.
Okay.
Marlins.
Marlins.
I've gone to about 25% of the games.
Right.
Oh God.
I'm not a season.
I'll take it harder.
They are.
I'm not a season.
I'll take it harder for the Marlins.
You're nuts.
The station is.
I get die squeezed off their tickets.
Oh okay.
Oh yeah.
Look at you.
Now, listen, hockey.
I've been in the USA for 15 years.
Right.
And never been able to watch more than five minutes except for last night.
Yeah.
Oh you watch the game last night?
Goal pants with all their weight.
Right.
I got excited last night.
Well thank God.
I agree with it.
It was a pretty good game.
Big time.
And there were behind three nothing and it looked like, you know, they just roll over and
they kind of play dead just get a little practice and they got right back in there and they kicked
them ass and they did it.
And that's where you were after one game is not day anymore is we.
Right.
Now you're talking.
Outstanding.
Okay.
I'll see you there.
Take it.
Yeah.
Outstanding man.
There's a word that goes between out and standing but I can't say it.
Out.
Instanding.
Anyway, we have an open line and day 75.
Once we got one new hockey fan there which is good because we'll find him a good seat.
I can't find any but we'll find him a good one.
Right there in the front row right in front of the weasemakingel.
Okay.
Let's do Tampa.
Hello.
You know how you doing.
Okay.
It's at a very good conversation with George.
Yeah.
It's a fantastic guy.
Anyway, consider talking about the hockey game.
Did he tell you to say that by the way?
No.
Okay.
Let me correct you on something.
What did I say now?
Okay.
First off the capacity of the Lakeland Civic Center.
Five thousand.
Right.
But last night they anticipated about 4,000 people there.
Why is that?
We had 38, 76 because that's what they had last year.
They just really said there's not much enthusiasm on going to the games in Lakeland.
Why not?
That's just the way it is.
It's a bad place.
It's a bad access.
That's a small area.
I mean, it's not a good place to see hockey.
No, no, no, no.
I'm just saying you were just going to win.
I hope you're right.
I hope you're right.
I just thought that because I'm hearing so much about this hyped up rival, we had a thought
they'd been standing online all the way to Bartolome.
No, no, no.
You just went to the Dunderdome.
Do we get over there?
Well, that's a good crowd.
Well, you're supposed to break the all-time record.
It's a Dunderdome.
I tell you 25,000.
I think we're going again tonight.
Where are they playing tonight?
They're playing tonight.
Playing the blues.
Oh, they're in Lakeland again tonight?
Yeah, Lakeland again tonight.
Yeah.
Curtis Joseph won't be there.
Oh, aren't you lucky?
Exactly.
What?
What's the hell was he taking in some of those games against us last year and against the Blackhawks?
My God.
Okay.
This guy was on heavy duty juice.
They must have run out in the last couple of games against the Leafs, but boy, he was doing it.
I don't know about right now.
Yeah, he is doing it.
He's definitely doing it.
The first game, in fact, that clip I played at Gilmore Scoring in the second overtime, he had 62 saves in that game.
Yeah, he's playing.
And the game that I went to tonight, Tuesday night, the game I went to, he had like 20 some saves in the first period.
Right.
26 saves, I think.
Well, I'm not sucking up to you, but I love the Leafs.
That's my team.
I'm going to stand behind the line.
So, how do you like that guy that called me for about Felix Poffen about how he probably had the best year he ever had?
I didn't hear.
Oh, really?
That's what it does.
Yeah, he's trying to tell me about how Darren Pupas so great and Poffen isn't so good, it was probably the best year he ever had.
Of course, it was his first year in the league.
He was a rookie, but don't confuse this guy with the fact.
I hate to disagree with that man.
He's wrong.
Yeah.
That's the only wrong.
Okay.
I have a great thing about that.
That's the Zito and Bobby Clark kissed him made up last night.
Yeah, you know, Anthony was working to get Joey Reynolds now.
He keeps sneaking up behind guys and kissing him.
Guess who I met last night?
This is no shot either.
Yeah.
I met D-Man, Heizinka.
Did you?
Yeah, he was wandering around.
He was dressed really fine.
Did you let your kissing on the ball spot?
I think his ring.
I didn't think I was going to be coming up.
I guarantee that.
I guarantee that S-Zito ain't going to be coming up between behind Wayne Heizing and kissing him on a cheek.
I guarantee you that.
Well, of course, yeah.
What do they call him the Waste Magna.
Or whatever.
Bad jokes.
The Waste Magna.
Yeah, right.
As in Waste, you better watch out.
I'll waste you if you don't watch it.
Hey, we're not scared of him.
We're not worried about him up here.
No, not at all.
Brett Gretzky's playing tonight, too.
Is he?
Yeah.
So tonight will be an exciting game.
I thought you said, wait a minute.
I thought you said you're playing the Blues tonight.
Yeah.
And Gretzky's playing?
Brent Gretzky.
Oh, Brent Gretzky.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Anyway, uh, we're playing Gretzky.
I wish we weren't playing Gretzky.
We're playing.
I'd come over there and he's sticking right in the nose.
We're going to come back up here.
What?
When are you going to come back up to Tampa?
October 9th.
October 9th.
October 9th.
Oh, for the Alistair.
I mean, yeah.
Yeah, okay.
I'm all excited here.
Sorry.
And when the Leafs do play up there, which is, uh, I forget when it is the 13th or so.
Probably a little bit later.
I'll be up there for that.
Okay.
Good to you.
Trust me.
All right.
They call me Mr. Puck, man.
Don't forget it.
You are a Puck.
I know.
Well, look, I'm going to keep this rivalry going.
If I'm the only one.
Okay.
I'm not kidding.
Have a good day.
See ya.
I hope Lightning kick ass tonight.
I have no problem with the Lightning.
They got a nice team.
I like them.
Even though Terry Chris needs some help with this hair.
Oh, speaking of help with this hair, there's Orlando.
Look at that.
Who used to be very popular here until we found Louise McGell.
Used to be a number one in our hearts.
And in our mind, there he is.
Bill.
Good.
And I thought it was going to be real exciting.
But since we got our Louise McGell video going.
Well, we'll compare notes when he comes in here.
We have an open line on the green line.
1-800-944-9463.
It's 11-35-WY-O-D-N-W-S-U-N.
If you're a sports fan, you like to mix in some water with your sports.
Or rate food and fun, whatever it might be.
Hooligans, pub and oyster bars, is the place for you.
Hooligans has got everything you'd like to see like the Lightning game, the Panther game,
the Marlin game, the Dolphins game.
I mean, like even real teams.
And special request and no problems, too.
If they can pick it up, you're going to see it.
Join Hooligans for Sunday and Monday Night Football parties with a complimentary of a
FAY at halftime.
And free shooters with every lead change.
Every Tuesday night, it's food fest night.
With 25 cent oysters, clams, crab legs, shrimp and wings.
As well as drinks and brew specials, contests and giveaways.
Hooligans menu off for something for everybody from fresh oysters and clams,
prime rib, baby back ribs, chicken wings sandwiches and lots more.
Don't forget, your Marlin, Dolphins and Hurricane ticket stub is always good for
complimentary beverage after the game.
So don't leave your stub home.
Hooligans, pub and oyster bars, and candle on South-Sixie Highway.
In Miami Lakes, just west of the Palmeadow on Miami Lakes Drive.
And it's a photopathy marina behind Lomans Plaza in Aventura.
That's Hooligans, we're good friends, gather to get lucky.
Are you tired of working for others?
Is it time you were working for yourself?
Starting your own business doesn't have to be a lonely experience.
Find out why.
By visiting the Start Your Own Business Explode this weekend at the Fort
Auto Day奥 convention center in Fort Auto Day奥.
You'll find a wide variety of franchises, distributorships and business opportunities
that can put you in a successful business of your own full-time or part-time.
Starting in business needn't cost a fortune either.
Opportunities start from just a few hundred dollars enough.
You may even find your ideal absentee business if you're fed up with low CD rates.
It's this Saturday and Sunday only.
It's the Start Your Own Business Explode at the Fort Auto Day奥 convention center
at the Enter Coastal in Southeast 17th Street in Fort Auto Day奥.
It's open to the public in show hours or 11 a.m. till 5 p.m. both days.
Never before have there been so many different ways to get into business for yourself.
Don't kick yourself on Monday for missing it.
Visit the Start Your Own Business Explode this weekend only at Enter Coastal in Southeast 17th Street near Port Everglades.
Adults' mission is just five dollars.
Don't miss it or you could miss out on your future.
Fall isn't the air.
Well, almost.
And you can be too.
Here's great news from Carnival Airlines for fall travelers.
Right now you can prove the skies on Carnival Airlines for an incredibly low $99.
Just fly on Carnival from Fort Lutterdale to New York, New Jersey or Iceland, New York.
Anytime before November 15th, 93.
With fair starting in only $99, one way.
You not only get a choice of daily non-stop, but listen to this.
You get free headsets and movie flights too.
All for one low $99 price.
And Carnival has lots of other fantastic deals too, like a $99 fair between Miami and San Juan Puerto Rico.
Purchase your ticket by September 30th for travel through November 15th, 93.
So call your travel agent or Carnival Airlines at 1-800-8-air-front soon.
At these prices, the limited number of seats will go very fast.
Tickets in Honour Fundable do not include the park attacks as airport fees or applicable fuel surcharges.
At just $99 one way, cruising the skies has never been easier.
So call Carnival Airlines today.
Well, I'm here now with PC Motem, the computer genius from CompUSA.
So Bob, what's the most important thing to remember when you're putting together a home office?
Make sure your Bob's Water Guy is an Acorporate Rater.
That's good. Also go to CompUSA for all your computer needs.
Like PFS Window works from Spinnaker.
It has everything you need to run your home office with Windows, featuring our word processor, spreadsheets, charts, graphics, database, and more.
Right. You miss that? Yeah.
And catch it on Best of the Week.
Okay. And here's this great computer golf game from Access.
The link's 386 Pro.
It features a realistic 18-hole course and can even add on additional championship courses.
Now to play, do I have to wear flag clothing?
You'd be better off. You're right.
Over 5,000 computer products at Superloprises every day in the best service in the business.
CompUSA is the computer superstar.
So Bob, any embarrassing moments when you were putting together that home office?
Well, when I told my neighbor that I was using his driveway for visitor parking, he took a ban and not a team player.
PFS Windows works from Spinnaker is just $41.99.
The link's 386 Pro from Access is $47.98 at CompUSA, the computer superstar.
Coming up tonight at 8, following Sports Talks X10, it's Randy Rowe.
We'll start radio six things.
Come on, you're on your team.
So look who's here who didn't shine us today, Orlando.
Pull that thing, you know how to handle something that looks like that.
And he said,
and we're watching the Luis Miguel video together here and you said what?
I didn't say anything.
You said,
I Luis Miguel C.
I was sure that's what you said.
How come you turning purple in the face already?
Huh?
No, I don't know.
I know.
I know.
I bring that out with these one liners and it's just, I bring out the best in you.
Yeah.
Or would like to anyway.
So wait, what do you think?
You think he circumcised your what?
I don't know, Neil.
What did you ask him?
We might.
We're making, we got some, you want to run that bias again, George?
What we got?
We got an agenda so full here today.
I may not leave the building all day.
We got the stuff coming in the mail.
We got everything coming.
You have no idea what the facts.
We got what?
The bio is coming over on the fact that the bio is coming on the facts machine.
Okay.
23 years old.
He's not circumcised from we'll do it for a price.
What is it?
We a Latina.
That's the Latin division of water.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
You want to just give me a guess, okay?
Damn, you know, I don't know.
In other words, what I'm trying to say is if you were like really desperate.
Yeah.
Just can't get it out of this guy.
You know, if you just can't weasel anything out of you.
That's all right.
Just sit there and watch and keep your hands on the table at all time.
You said that he used to have long hair.
Yeah.
I remember watching a show.
I keep it working out a lot.
Is that true?
It looked like I'll built up now like one of those.
Really?
Yeah.
I'll work it out of my house.
Yeah, you know with who?
With anybody I have weights in my house.
Yeah.
The membership at the gym expired.
How come?
Look at him.
How come every time you come in here, you sound like a real Julio.
Well, the day that he came up before, remember the time you came up to my seat at the dolphin game?
Right.
The one time you didn't shine and showed up.
Right.
And he sounded just like like a regular guy.
And you come in here and you have that it always is like a good, like an act and act.
Yeah.
You sound like you're putting us on or something, putting you on.
Yeah, you probably were born in Jersey or something.
Oh, no, I did live in Jersey.
I told you before I came down.
Now look at this.
Do we take care of your what?
All right.
Here's Flores with 45 pounds.
But only one slice of pizza.
I'll tell you that right now.
Okay.
Just a little warning because if you eat the second slice, that's it.
Thank you, sir.
You're a great American.
Okay.
Now what is it?
See how he told us fingers apart like that?
What is that an indication of?
He was like, he was not between fingers.
He was like this, like about the two inches apart.
Is he like a message there or something?
It might be.
It might be.
I don't know.
You got to call me.
I haven't done with anybody.
So reluctant and so we call us to drink.
Can't this be a great day in your life?
Can't this be the day that you just, uh, I don't know.
No, but wait a minute.
What do you mean I act like a Julio Julio Julio?
You know what a Julio is?
Julio?
Yeah.
It's like a professional Cuban, you know.
It's like a Julio.
That's what we call him on this show.
They love that.
Julio and Dutch remember Julio and Juliette?
Aromio and Julio.
Julio and Julio and Julio and Julio and Julio and Julio.
Now you're talking.
Okay.
Let's take some calls.
You can start eating by the way.
Anytime you want and the food too.
Here's the Davy on the star line.
Hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
How you doing?
How about those panthers?
Yeah, pretty exciting.
Now wait a minute.
Are you going to go to the hockey games, Orlando?
Hi.
Yeah, Merbin O'Hon.
I have season tickets.
I'm so excited.
If you got good seats here because if you do, I hate you like poison.
Well, then I won't let you hate me.
Okay.
I'm in the upper deck, but I'm on center right.
Oh, okay.
I'm on center right.
Yeah.
Okay.
But those are the seats I chose.
Those are good places to throw the octopus from.
Oh my God.
Tina Waltz just came in.
Oh no.
Did you buy this?
Well, thank you so much.
God almighty.
I knew we had one salesperson back there.
We had our head on straight.
Look at that.
Look at a look on it.
If you can see the look on Orlando's face when I showed him this, uh, the CD.
Uh, embarrassing.
I'd be embarrassed to have looked like that.
Well, I wish I'd look like that.
Go ahead, sir.
Were they unbeasurable or what?
The beasur is dynamite, man.
The unbeasur is.
I really.
I really.
I really, I really, I was getting into that game when, you know, we were two men short over and over all these penalties.
I know I was getting into that game like it was a playoff game there at one point because I mean it was so intense.
And here was the first exhibition game we ever played.
It was intense.
It was.
It was unreal.
Yeah.
And.
So I hear you're also going to Vegas, huh?
Well, I wasn't planning on going to Vegas, but I just found out that Lewis, uh, my buddy, Louis Miguel, who's my best close personal friend is doing at Caesar's.
This weekend.
Uh-huh.
I'm not going to Vegas.
You're not going.
I got a great restaurant for you to try.
Did Italian restaurant?
Um, no, actually it's more like, uh, like a steak, uh, seafood, continental type thing.
Nice watcher, Amanda.
It's called Hugo's.
Yeah.
And it's in the Union Pat Festival seller.
But they have a great Italian restaurant there, too, don't they?
Um, the vineyard or something like, I don't know what it's called, but I've heard that the Italian restaurant in Caesar's to die from.
Oh, I don't know.
I didn't eat that.
I ate it to Delhi there in the form shop.
Yeah.
If you go eat it to the plate.
Okay.
It's unbelievable.
You'll have corn beef coming out of your ears.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Well, listen, uh, hey, um, if you're psyched, I'm psyched.
I'll tell you that.
I was into it.
No wait.
There's one other thing though.
Yeah.
Have you ever heard of that new, uh, game show called the Caesar's talent?
Well, I'm odd Rashad.
No.
Okay.
It's taped at the vaguely.
Yeah.
It's taped at that Caesar's.
Well, when I went in July, I was a contestant on that game show.
Really?
Yes.
And how'd you make out?
How do I make out?
I don't want to talk about that.
Oh, bad, bad question, huh?
Yeah.
But it was fun being on the show and it was pretty wild to meet on my Rashad.
Yeah.
He's okay.
He is okay.
He never stole a freight train.
He's not.
Oh, God.
Sir, I'm going to have to leave you now.
Like Luca Brassi said.
I know you're a busy man today if your daughter's wedding.
Oh, okay.
Good luck, you're back.
Take it easy.
Oh, my God.
We're going to have to terminate the show right now.
Look at that.
Look at that.
Don't look at it too close, Orlando.
You might start getting nervous.
He is turning such a dark shade of purple man in his face, too.
Anyway, it's 1146 at W-Y-O-D and W-S-U-N.
Boy, that Tina, man.
She knows how to do it.
Here's an incredible thing, man.
Marlon fans get a Marlon season's the first limited edition baseball for just $3.99
when you buy any subway foot long sandwich chips and a medium Coca-Cola classic at any participating subway store.
Now, the baseball has the Florida Marlon inaugural logo and blazing right on one side
and a list of commemorative firsts on the other like the first game, the first win, the first pitch,
the first home run, et cetera, et cetera.
Subway, the place where fresh is the taste and subway, of course, known for their great fresh bake bread and fresh veggies and sandwiches and salads
made right before the eyes the way you like them.
Subway, the only place you can get the Marlon season the first limited edition baseball
so enjoy a BMT turkey steak and cheese subway club tuna seafood and crab meatball roast beef,
veggie or cheese, just to name a few.
You pick out the one you like and also get a piece of Marlon's history at the same time.
A commemorative season the first baseball for just $3.99 when you buy any foot long sandwich chips and a medium Coca-Cola classic
at any participating subway store.
Limit two-procustomer please while supplies last only.
You know we're really glad to have major league baseball in South Florida.
It's a great way to spend the spring afternoon.
But spring is over.
And now it's time for football.
Come on, come on!
Sixth-dead WIOD.
We've got your favorite teams, the home of the dolphins and Kane.
And we'll tell you everything you want to know about this season.
From training camps to the bowl games and the Super Bowl.
It's a lot less flap and no crap.
It's football and it's on Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD.
It's two-sue, two-grid to the true redines.
Two days sale Saturday and Sunday only.
The two days to take 20, 40, even 50% off store-wide in redines.
20 to 30% off ball sets for when 20 to 50% off for men and young men.
25 to 40% off for the kids, even jewelry, accessories, shoes, shoes, and more shoes.
This Saturday and Sunday only.
They big on towel, cheap phones, land, pluggages, electronic area, red furniture, cash, and the entire stock of food.
This small electric is too good to be true.
The two days sale Saturday and Sunday only.
At for time is too good to miss.
The Maruni Dodge Quotasale.
The more stealth and carabans Maruni sells this week.
The more stealth and carabans Maruni gets next year.
For one week, Maruni Dodge is taking $3,000 off every new stealth.
At least $3,000 off.
For one week, Maruni Dodge is taking $1,000 off the 94 carabans.
Did I say 1994?
You bet your carabans I did.
New 94, 7 passenger carabans with factory air, automatic and two airbags from not 20,000 or 18,000.
But just 15, 9, 95.
Loaded.
We can't take $3,000 off every day.
But we will through Sunday.
At Maruni Dodge.
Guess how the coming line road on 1241.
New 94, 7 passenger carabans with air, automatic and two airbags from 15, 9, 95.
Get the latest news from the 16 WIOD new center each hour.
Plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast.
The WIOD.
The WIOD.
The WIOD.
The WIOD.
The WIOD.
Well, that's great.
And you're in here, dittling around with the food.
They all played.
What an asshole, man.
We're busy in here.
That was your tune up mine.
Well, how I helped was I supposed to hear it, you idiot.
How do you know they all played?
You assumed they all played.
They're all the lights are flashing.
Maybe they never fired.
We're too busy showing on net Luis Miguel.
And she said that looks good to me, but he needs a haircut.
This hair looks okay to me.
So we're in here.
So how about Orlando?
What he doing a pinch?
We can't get Luis Miguel in here today.
What are you looking over there for?
He's over here.
Okay. She's so goddamn bashful, man.
Her husband's going to hear about this.
She'll be finished for life.
Everybody is so intimidated, so bashful, man.
I'm not bashful. Just watch.
Okay, here's a lady in North Miami Beach. Hello.
Hi.
This is Marlon.
I got the tickets from you on Tuesday.
He gave me for my birthday to the Marlon's game.
And I had a really good time except they totally blew.
Except for the fact that they're in a coma now.
You picked a bad time to go.
You picked a really good time to pick the worst time.
I swear, the weather was great.
It was nice that it drizzled like two seconds.
But then they really just totally blew.
They bit the big one, yeah.
Yeah, I was upset about that.
Did you go?
No.
You didn't go.
Well, flying over the stadium with a...
Flying over the stadium with a twin engine.
And his engine stalled out right over the stadium.
That's not the guy that was carrying the gigantic banner of Markey Markin.
And his Calvin Klein's was...
No, no. He wasn't carrying a banner.
But his engine stalled out right over the stadium.
Oh, that's great.
And all he could carry was everybody just breathing in.
It was great.
What a rush.
Beautiful.
I think for the next dolphin game to turn our luck around instead of having a Markey Mark poster up there.
We'll have Orlando and his Calvin Klein's like trailing over the dolphin game.
There you go.
For the Red Skin.
Red Skin's in four skins.
Oh, here's ESEA.
Now we have to...
Now before we do...
We got to rewind the tape.
Okay, for ESEA.
Can you see on the VCR down there below?
Where it says rewind?
You have to give instructions.
I have to give instructions.
The wireless is a crappy VCR.
You're folded down.
There you go.
Just keep holding it.
Here we go.
A little longer.
A little longer.
You bet anytime.
Okay, let it go.
Let it go.
Hit play.
Play.
Believe me, you see, you'll appreciate this.
You'll thank me for this and your will.
Okay.
She's a big Luis Miguel fan.
She's obsessed.
Anyway, go ahead.
I'm sorry.
That's all right.
I just wanted to call somebody a douchebag.
Paula, you are a big, beautiful, teeny tiny.
It's a bitty little douchebag.
Okay, I'm glad you had a good time.
It's part of the fact.
I can't be responsible for our team sucking a big one.
But it was still fun.
Thanks a lot, Neil.
Bye-bye.
We're on the air in here.
Okay, you want the audio here.
Get out of the way, Bob.
She wants the audio too.
She may have an accident in here before we're finished.
This woman is such a gigantic Luis Miguel fan.
If she knew that he was at Caesars in Vegas this weekend,
I might even take you if you speak real nice to me.
Would Joy Reynolds, yeah?
Yeah, but you don't have to sell me, okay, Andy?
And look at this Tina being the great goddess that she is.
Went out and look what she bought.
Yeah.
She is Tina's a goddess.
湴 emotions.
He both Andrew and Charles were free.
Nick, play slowly.
How are you feeling, Harry?
Here's the subtletoe song.
Every time he sounds like any mister T.
That'sajus.
I shouldn't have mentioned Anna Maria, sir. I look at poor Gary and here again
Here is every time I mentioned your name he comes in and I'm gonna start again. I'm gonna start again
Keep him out of here. Would you please go give him something to do like some
Heaven clean the latrine downstairs that one that was overflowing yesterday
I don't want to do this in the middle of lunch
But I'm telling you if there wasn't something from outer space in this building yesterday
Oh god, he must have thought this was a bank because he left the biggest deposit. I have ever seen in my life
Yeah, yeah, there was a new year's gift here's tap. Hello
Hey, Neil happy Friday and the same to you. Thank God
So about time huh? I got so many choices now I can go to Vegas this weekend or I can stay around and watch videos or whatever
But do you think your sessions gonna be back in time from Monday show probably?
What was that guy's bottom earlier about a the pooster could you carry pop in the dog scrub across the creek?
Wasn't that a joke? Oh, man, he wouldn't know Felix pot van from Dennis pot van
Yeah, who by the way last night wait now you didn't hear the cuz you're over there
So you didn't hear the telecast on sunshine no Dennis pot van will be okay eventually once he comes out of his coma
He's a little
Pop in had the lowest
Dennis Dennis not Felix Dennis Dennis
Pot van the one who's like doing the color on the TV. Yeah, I'm not talking about Felix
You don't have to sell me on Felix Felix pot van is God
Anyways, what happened to that number 26 and you guys is ventures. What did you get a stick up his nose or something?
Who's that some guy you one the line changes are going on
He got like a stick up his nose had to carry him off the ice. Oh, yeah, he got cut on the eye. Yeah, he'll be alright
Yeah, you got a good looking team there. Yeah, thanks of the bea's there
Let me all right. I'm telling you. Oh, no, he's man. He's like God man
He is good that would be up three or four goals one that will be worth yeah, that's right
I'm glad they would have left him in the whole game. I hate to break the news to you
But we would have won the game. Yeah, what was I gonna say? Oh
D for God
Anyway, I was on the phone for small on the phone for over an hour. That's why you forgot that's the way we plan it
It works like a charm, doesn't it? Yeah, y'all look pretty sleazy in the in the first period
But I guess you got that fire then you know you know underneath your butt. Yeah, the first period
Well, wait a minute. How about the lightning in the first period you guys had a two-man advantage over and over again and couldn't score at
Kathy Willow's house. Let's get serious. I know 50 minutes of that game was was penalty you guys couldn't score it Orlando's brisk
Yeah, the big demilal choke a few times. I thought of Bradley. They whip right down the open net
Yeah, but yeah
That one Bradley had the whole open net man. He just choke big. No, he just he was choking
I was like happy birthday, and he just you know forgot totally about the net right there. Yeah anyway, tackle somebody dish bag
Go ahead. Okay, joke and 40 your meatball eaten
But sniffing pain your balls about douchebag. Okay
Have a great life. Thank you
Open line and bravo. So much excitement going on in here
You would almost think we didn't even have a radio show. I wonder how much dead air there was at the end of that break
Huh, we'll never know
Maybe the lady in North Miami Beach can tell us hello
I have to be blind, but that shouldn't stop. We have an open line indeed 751
You believe that now someone now we got people playing tapes of blind Mike on here
That's the best part. Maybe they wanted to pull them out
Maybe they had some jingles. They wanted to play the promo show on WSBH
Huh?
What is that be stand for an SBH blind?
Huh South Beach blind station?
Or they should call this one that because this station basically consists of the blind leading the blind here is clear water
Hello, hey, how you doing Neil pretty good sir? You really have to excuse the people in the West coast
They really don't know a pluck from a flock, you know, you they really don't know hockey from a flock
Yeah, flock, you know, uh-huh and
You know, I tell you what if you want to meet Luis Miguel
Yeah, I'll say you what Orlando and I are going to Vegas this weekend. We're gonna fly out there to meet him
I'm sure he's letting it all hang out at the little rochie museum, you know, I don't want to
Liber hockey museum
Yeah, right, you know he is. Hey, I got a shameful request. I really enjoyed the song. Can you play stuck on a bench in Del Rey for me?
How about sitting on a bench? Well, whatever in your case stuck on a bench, maybe true
But in Randy's case it would be stuck on a bench
Yeah, well, you know, uh-huh. Can you do that for me? Yes. All right. Thank you
I
Winner of Maryland has the most lavish lifestyle while the governor of Idaho is the most down to earth. Yes, he makes small potato
Unwalshore the downed down 17 points at 3612 this hour
1203 in these talk radio 610 W I O D
I want 610 traffic and the weather center forecast in just a moment
Oh, there was a farmer had a drug and being a wasn't
Namaste
Ever have one of those deals where a song just keeps running through your head
Whether you want it to or not
Well here at the Florida Lottery work kind of counting on that
It gets on your nerves, doesn't it? Well here's the deal you start playing Florida Lottery Bingo
We promise to stop playing the song new Florida Lottery Bingo each ticket is two dollars each
As a callers card in four play cards
56 ways to win on every ticket scratch match bingo. You're a winner up to ten thousand dollars
That's right 56 ways to win up to ten thousand dollars on every two dollar ticket and you ensure the success of the game
We promise that if you buy the ticket will stop the song
Drives you crazy, doesn't it?
So play new Florida Lottery Bingo
That is
Good morning, Mr. traffic reporters and service of excess hangover relief medicine and day county action 441 and 178th Street
Still have heavy delays from an earlier accident west down a 3 6th at Red Road and in Broward County
Injury still working Cypress Creek Road in Dixie highway and for car collision northbound 95 north of Atlantic
Full of our that is locking the two left lanes too much to drink take excess before bed for relief from morning after headache
I'll say stomach and fatigue don't drink and drive and buy excess hangover relief medicine before you need it at
Accord with traffic over 24 hours day. I'm sure and I watch the KWI OD cloudy in wet this afternoon and tonight
We'll have highs today at 88 low tonight at about 78 and currently the temperature in South Florida at 86 degrees
Next news updated one bulletins at once. I'm Lisa Campbell news talk radio 610 WIOD
I
Least me again
Z oh
You talk radio 610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers show to talk with Neil dial 751
WIOD from day in Broward 524 WIOD outside the 305 area code toll free
1 800 944 WIOD and
Bell South mobility customers make it a free call by dialect star IOD now the Neil Rogers show on
Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD
Beautiful
Beautiful
When it bigger it's better, yes, when it build my hand
It's not my chest, oh when it moves
It ruined my best, it came out of my jeans
And into my life, oh how it makes me feel fine
It's 16, so beautiful and it's mine
It's about 7 to 2 W.O.D.
So anyway, I guess if you keep your hands in your pockets all day, have a grin on your face
Is that the message you're trying to give me?
Is that what you're saying?
Yeah, okay
Anyway, geez horrible stories Orlando's telling me during the news break about the guy trying to give him to go to Texas
Can we tell that story on here?
Can't we tell anything that's... there was nothing grotesque about that
What was wrong with that story? Why wouldn't you want to repeat that?
I guess, go ahead
No, no, you go ahead, because then I'll say something and say, oh you didn't say that
Oh, dude, good
Right, what happened?
I don't know, you go
Okay, let's skip it, okay, it was a bad story
Nothing happened, you were smart, you didn't go, the guy was like trying to con you with something
And wanted to give you a job, some kind of a job
Okay, here's, oh speaking of a guy who wants to give you a job, here's Bobby
How you doing, Neil?
This is Sandy's Bobby
Yeah, how you doing? Why am I always associated with her?
I don't have an identity of my own
I notice you don't seem too happy about it
This audience can understand, they can relate to that
I have no identity of my own
True
First thing George says, this is in Sandy's Bobby, is it?
Yeah
So how you been?
I understand you're circumcised by the way
Yes sir
How do you like that?
Oh, it's very neat
Not one of the unclean masses out there like Orlando
Barbarian
Barbarian is you George, are you uncircumcised swine?
I tell you what, we have no cling on
Yeah, that's right
Anyway, Sandy's on the other side now
Meaning what?
She's listening to Jerry
Is he really?
Yeah
All I can say to that is
Oh
Hallelujah, thank God, we got rid of her
She's working on the English only campaign now
I believe that, yeah, she and Sandy are going to start the anti-bilingual campaign
That's Sandy to the power of two
Well, what's going on with you guys?
You sound like you're having a little falling out
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
I don't know. Where is she going? Going up to Tallahassee. Maybe she's going to we'll up with Wichner. No, she's going up to Tallahassee working on the campaign for English only. No way. She's going to go to Lava in Tallahassee. She's not doing that. Get out of here. Hey, she's going to Tallahassee. Are you serious? She's going to Tallahassee tomorrow morning. For what? She's going to go to Lava starting Monday. You're yanking at me. No, I'm telling you. She's Sandy. She's really gotten into Sandy. Okay. No, what I mean? Yeah. Tell me me. Maybe she can.
She can move up there permanently. Well, we've been trying, but they won't take us. Hey, look, I wonder, you know, I can't. I was sitting here. I'm wondering why Rolanda wouldn't take a second slice of pizza. He heard the news. Uh-huh. That's probably what it was. Definitely don't ever take two slices. Yeah. They shoot this 13 year old kid. Well, first of all, first of all, the old guy smacked him in the chest. He said, here, I get out of my face. You and give me another slice of pizza. And a kid went home and he got a gun and he said, but I'm being. That's it. And the guy. Your news stats.
Yeah. Well, that's the true story. So now that you analyze it that way, now it makes a little more sense, doesn't it? Of course it does. Right. I mean, anybody hits me in the chest, especially in this town. Right. You go home and you get a gun and you blow their crap away. Right. Just like that. But I'm being. Hey, listen, and closing here. Huh? Yes. No. Sandy. Your alla bunch of douchebags. Okay, Bobby. Well, it sounds like you're psychologically hanging on, which in your circumstances is a miracle. So congratulations.
Thank you, sir. Hang in there. Bye, bye. How'd you like to be married to that thing? Huh? Although she is very attractive, but psychotic bitch. We have an open line in date 7511 and Broward 524 and one on the sterile. If anybody in your audience would like to ask Orlando for a date. No, see, I don't understand why you always say you don't take your clothes off for a living. What's wrong with that? You're a male model. Yeah. Yeah. And most of the ads that we see when you have very little clothing on, yeah, but it's like underwear ads. It's done like the ones that I see in the advocate.
Those are put in there with them without your permission. My concern without your emission permission. Right. Right. Yeah. Forget it. Don't be so upied about that. The fact that there might be a bunch of wild fags all over America. Looking at pictures of you and getting a rouse. Is that father you? Of course not. He's honored by that. Aren't you? Oh, yeah. All right. So why do you deny that you get naked for a living? Why does that bother you? No, it doesn't bother me. I don't get naked. I'm not.
Close. Yeah, but it's. Did you ever get paid to get naked? Yeah. You have gotten paid to get naked. Yeah. Where was this? It was a Gianni Versace ad for like a Calvin Klein type ad. Yeah. And came out in your well, what are you modeling Calvin Klein air? No, it was for a Gianni Versace fragrance for the perfume. Yeah. Like the Calvin Klein anywhere in the ad. It is a J bird. Yeah. All the Calvin Klein ads are all.
All nude. I was naked with the girl. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I believe you. He's got that nervous smile. I was raised like, Oh, is he going to believe this? I believe it. Yeah. You weren't. Yeah. All the guys. I was nervous the first. I wish he also naked. Yeah. We're both naked. Yeah. The guys were telling me to don't worry about it. Just to think about carburetors and dead puppies and stuff like that. And Luis Miguel. No. Well, I would have done it. Well, you know, they would that would have done something. Okay.
Let's give him a break. Okay. He is just turning shades of purple man. It's frightening. I don't know why other than the fact that his relatives might be listening 1213 at W. I. O. D. and W. S. U. N. exterior planning corporation makers of thermal windows have come up with one of the most exciting products of our decade. Thermal guard safety windows. Well, makes these windows so exciting as the special kind of glass they're made with thermo glass. Thermal guard glasses. Who came resistant burger resistant. It's guaranteed this window will withstand a baseball bat being swung at it. A bowling ball being thrown at most importantly. This window
has been wind tunnel tested up to 160 miles an hour. Now, what I remind you that this product is not and should not be confused with company selling hurricane window film. This is an actual replacement window with impact resistant glass. So don't be fooled. Find out more about Thermal Guard windows. Discribably exclusively and only by the exterior planning corp. You can call them today at their toll free number and check it out 1 800 456 95 21. Ask them about Thermal Guard windows 1 800 456 95 21.
It's back for the fourth incredible year the Windixie fun zone. Hi, this is Tim Robbie president of the Miami Dolphins. While the dolphins are getting up for another riveting season, Windixie is bringing you the hottest ticket in town. Just head into your local Windixie store. When you purchase any of the fun zone items, you will receive a coupon good for $1 off a Windixie Dolphins fun zone ticket. You can purchase your Windixie fun zone tickets at any ticket master location. Get up to $16 off a $28 Dolphins ticket in the Windixie
fun zone. That's a Miami Dolphins ticket for as little as $12. Take a family of $40 with Dolphins game for under $50. So head over to Windixie for great fun zone items like.
Madison Brandt, Chicken Frank, the two pound package is only $1.98. Assorted varieties of super brand sticks. She's made great snacks. The eight ounce packages every day low price said $24.
Windixie's fun zone. Your low price tickets for dolphins from your low price leader, Windixie America's supermarket.
It's time for a reality check. First it was the exhaust system, $350. Then the CV joints, whatever those are of another $784. And yesterday it contoured out just as I got on the interstate. I didn't get to work till 1015. I need a new car. That's all there is to it.
That's the reality. The check. Well, that's where a first union loan comes in. That Sunday the oven went on the blank. A month before that it was the refrigerator. I need all new appliances and they're not cheap.
Approval is fast, simple and hassle free at first union. That's because we make lending decisions where we make loans right at the branch where you bank. And the service. Well, it's going to make you wonder why you haven't applied sooner.
Now is a great time for a reality check. Interst rates may never be this low again. First union when it comes to service everything matters equal housing lender member FDIC.
It's bonus bucks time. It's years. Get great deals on our entire selection of furniture and mattresses, even if they're already on sale. You can take $250 off regular and sale price furniture when you spend $199 or more.
Save 24% on serious elegance luxury queen size mattress set with bonus bucks discount just $337.99 but bonus bucks and Saturday at Sears Home Life furniture and most Sears stores.
You can show now me. Here's for a bunch of company.
This afternoon at two it's Rick and Sudd. Then it's six. It sports talks six times.
You talk radio.
He was his ward not his pedophile.
1216 and WIT. In other words, you get paid 1,500 an hour. Even Kathy Willett's never charged that much Orlando. That's outrageous.
With an inflation and everything. Can't you cut the can't you cut the rate down a little bit for us?
No, God, don't talk with your mouth. We have an open line on the star line.
Star I would be roses and douchebag is it somebody we're supposed to know is this Rosa? Didn't you tell me to say that?
Oh, okay. We got so much inside crap going on here and I have no idea what it is and I keep forgetting to look back at this little thing here that was in the CD that was brought in.
Let's just play the music. How with anything else? Okay, let's just put the music on and we'll all eat together.
Rosa, you're not a douchebag. George said roses are douchebag. George is dead me. He's dead me.
So I guess we can assume Louise is making a little bit more per hour than you are Orlando. We don't want you to get a big swelled head.
He's not making more than you are. A lot more like millions millions and millions and you're probably like just as talented as he is.
I can't say no can't think. Look almost as good as he does. Anyway, so now we got this interview with Louise Miguel by Manuel Pila by Manuel Labor. Where did this come from by the way?
That's from the girl. That's from Eltha from Warner. Oh, this is what it's worth is but.
Well, excuse me. Look at that. Here's a whole biography career of Louise Miguel 1982 in the two years span from agents 12 to 14. He records and succeeds with four albums.
One and one equals two in normados in normados. What is that? Oh, in Amorados. I thought it said enormous. Well, I choose you where my mind is. Here's the mobile as they're gone on the mobile.
It looked like that for just a second. He said it's enormous. Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale on the star line. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi. I have a quick dog father question is driving me crazy. Yes, man. Here. I'll take your crap.
Is it Luca Bromsey or that Lou Paz Cabrotti? No, Luca Luca. Luca. Luca. Not Lou. Luca. And last name is brought to me Italian guys. You know named Lou. Luca. Louis Louis. So a Luca.
Only Louis from the restaurant in the Bronx were they had the big meeting. Remember Louise in the Bronx. Yes. Yeah. Luca. Luca. Okay. Like the song Luca. Don't you remember the Salotto, the Turk and.
And he's having a thing there with Tom. They take the Robert DuValle and they take him under the thing there and they're holding him hostage and he says. Well, the way to Luca Bromsey comes after you or something like that. He says he gets that.
Cheshire cat grin on his face is let me worry about Luca. Luca. Okay. Good. All right. Thanks. Is that it? Okay. It's the answer, man. We have an open line in the star line star. I would do one and brown. Don't shake that too hard now.
Let's go to a lady in my. My. Hi. Hello. Hi. How you doing? Great. First of all, I want to tell you that you have the wrong CD. Oh, you have to get the one that. Well, listen, look, Tina went out and bought this for me with her own heart and box. She came in here all
away in here. And I'm very grateful, especially for the one picture in here where like you start naked. Oh, pretty close. I'm sure that was worth it. Yeah, but no Orlando City had too much clothes on. He'll never make it modeling Calvin Klein. Now the new the old CD, which is Romance. That's the really nice one because it has all those low spec. The.
The song was the song. Yeah, that's the one you have to get really. Yeah, well, this one will make do the one where he's got his hands deep in his pockets in the big ring on his face. Now you have to know he looks a lot different now. When he first started. Yeah, he used to have this. You know, shoulder lanes hair. Oh, and all he would do. That's what Orlando said. He said he used to have hair down to his public. It was gross and all he would do is jump around and stage and just yank his hair and all. And he used to jump around and yank it. And it's here too. Uh huh. You know, I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I
was just pulled it. Tugged his hair in the front. And then he'd do like an Elvis move. Yeah. Oh, he was gross. In other words, he was trying to be like Michael Jackson. He'd grab it at his thing and jump it around a lot in a
little boy. This huge mansion and alcapocal. Yeah. And he has all these wild parties with whom? Well, maybe we can slip in. If there's that many people, they'll never notice us.
I'm saying you can slip in. Huh? Well, it's all go. We're leaving right now. The bus is leaving in a half an hour. Anybody want to go in party with Luis? Huh?
Go to Vegas. I guarantee you there'll be somebody there for everybody. Well, you got to get that CD. It's really, really good. What's it called roman say?
Romance. My tongue keeps getting stuck on my mower. Anyway, wait a minute. What is it? Romance.
Rrrr. Rrrr. Rrrr. Rrrr.
It sounds like Sally Fitz is in the building. You hear that?
You know, or the apparatus is in 10th gear, man. It's about to take off into orbit.
You know, Neil Ornanda has a real sexy voice.
He does. You ever see Orlando? No, I've never seen him.
Oh my God. He would make you forget Luis Miguel in no time.
Well, I don't like really Luis Miguel. What do you like about Luis Miguel?
You don't like his looks? No, he's too thin.
What? What do you like? Chubby guys? No, not Chubby, but he just looks like a real young kid.
Oh, that's why you like him. He's 23 years. Don't say that.
He's legal aid.
As long as they're not jailbait, that's right up my alley.
Okay? Leave your number with George.
Now Orlando is more your, Orlando's 28.
I've seen Orlando's 28. He's a male model.
Oh, there you go. He was an amen from Cuba calendar,
in which all the other guys were ugly and he was out of this world.
Out of this world.
I'm going to tell you something Orlando. You locked out because you stood out and you must have had something to do with that.
You must have had some pull if I could do this.
What stood out? What stood out?
He stood out. It's stood out.
No, really, because if you go down on South Beach, you will see so many beautiful Cuban guys.
I mean, really hot looking guys. Am I right?
Yeah, you do.
I'm asking him. Oh, but no.
No, don't, when you stop it, why is he so quiet?
Why is he so quiet?
Because he's turning a deeper shade of pale, man,
because he is a mama's list in right now. I get very embarrassed easily.
Your mama's list is for this?
Your mama, yeah. Your mama.
My mama?
Yeah.
Why mama?
But anyway, so they could have probably found a lot of really hot looking guys down here on South Beach.
But they had all these ugly guys in Orlando, who's like a 45 on a scale of three.
Wow.
Yeah. And it stood out. That's why he became a big star now.
So he's an calendar and he's in everything.
If you open up any magazine, he's modeling all over the place.
He's like in Calvin Klein's things. He's all, he's, this is a major star we have here.
He gets naked for money.
Wow. Hey, how much?
What's this?
More than you got, honey. I'll tell you that.
Okay.
Listen, have a great weekend.
Oh, it's before he's on you.
Yeah.
I just want to tell, manny, Mike, and Juan, your major douchebag.
Okay.
Okay. Hang on.
Tight.
We have an open line in date, 751, 1 and Broward, 524, and 1 on the Astarline, star IOD.
1224, WIOD and WSUN.
I'm Chuck Meyer and you're invited to wake up Saturday morning to the weekend magazine.
Tomorrow, why is IBM in so much trouble? Find out from Wall Street Journal reporter Paul Carroll.
Are the airlines safe? Ralph Nader says no. We'll talk to him.
Plus, Laurie Hivert reviews the age of innocence. And Jeff DeForest previews the football weekend.
Weekend magazine from 6 to 10 with Tom Burst weather and voting updates.
Tomorrow morning on News Talk Radio 610, WIOD.
It's the ultimate warehouse sale at Wolf Camera and Video.
At it's a sale at so big, we're staying open till midnight tonight.
It's Wolf Camera's midnight warehouse sale today only at our fourth Lauderdale Superstore on North Federal Highway at Sunrise Boulevard.
Great deals on camera and video close-outs, demos, clearance items with prices that are actually below dealer cost.
And after 9 p.m. tonight, we'll give away Code Act 12 exposure film for only 99 cents.
We'll give away JVC Video tape for only 99 cents limit three tapes.
And believe it or not, after 9 p.m. we'll develop any role of 35 millimeter film for only 99 cents.
Limit three roles. Check out today's newspaper for details.
It's a warehouse sale. It's so big we're staying open till midnight tonight. But hurry!
One of these are limited and once they're gone, they're gone forever.
It's the midnight warehouse sale going on Friday only and only at Wolf Camera's fourth Lauderdale Superstore on North Federal Highway at Sunrise Boulevard.
Wolf Camera and Video. Our expertise is free.
If you're looking for adventure and suspense, check out the new box Friday night tonight.
First, Risco meets an old plane.
We got a girlfriend.
I don't even have an address.
And make a new enemy.
Now it's time to kill you.
Nice and gun.
On an all new Risco County Junior at 8.7 Central.
Then, they were warned not to open the FBI's most secret files.
They've got a UFO here and they'll do anything to keep it a secret. They should have listened.
The ex files and all new episodes.
And late night tonight, our top story is, Chevy Chase.
Is real and finally agreed to get the Palestinians a homeland.
Unfortunately, it's Bosnia.
The seven-kill show tonight on Fox.
He's still not ready for blind time, but he's appearing late night on Fox.
For a night of comedy, music, and surprises, catch the Chevy Chase show.
Tonight at 12 midnight on WSBN 7 Fox.
How do you handle hundreds of rowdy bikers?
I've gone about the Hollywood for sale.
The Hollywood, the motor to Hollywood for sale.
Howdy handle hundreds of Love Struck Casanovas.
Bonjour, Walsh. How about the Diamond Ring of Soft Settlement Clashy Five?
The Diamond Ring for sale. The Diamond Ring. Diamond Ring.
How do you handle hundreds of callers responding to your son's sentinel classified?
There's only one answer.
Ad Connector. Your call is being answered by Ad Connect.
Ad Connect increases the selling power of your classified. You never miss a call.
And your private Ad Connect phone number puts you in complete control.
You now have access to the main menu.
Ad Connect takes messages, forwards calls, or puts callers through to your home phone.
You can even set privacy hours.
And if you write themselves on the very first day, Ad Connect still has the answer.
Callers responding to your ad will now be told that your item is no longer available.
So to handle this, there's only one answer. Ad Connect.
For details, see your son's sentinel classified.
Don't miss the weekend magazine featuring the latest news, information, trends, and what's happening.
This Saturday and Sunday morning right here.
Howdy, Walsh.
Are you cereal?
Who is bending over in the motor home and she wasn't wearing any underwear?
Go ahead.
Donatella. Donatello.
Donatella.
If we don't hear this, I tell you one thing.
Love. Donatella.
Who is Donatella?
She's getting me trouble.
No, I'm not. Who was she?
Okay.
You're not going to tell us?
How come he's so verbal during the break, man? And as soon as the mic goes on, he clams up like a like a clam.
Who is she?
How old is she? What is her story?
What does underwear she was?
Exactly.
Well, she was wearing any of this.
Yeah, I couldn't tell you.
Okay. No big deal. That's what she said about you, too.
Okay, let's do a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Yeah, Neil. Holy canolea. I woke up this morning only to find Jerry Jones at Diary of the Wallet.
Yeah.
He served up a real nice plate of ammits.
I guess those two losses really got the job done, huh?
Yeah.
They convinced them to get out the old checkbook and cut the crap.
Yeah, I think he cut him 4 million to start with.
Quirk Quirk.
Yeah.
But you know, you know,
Quirk Quirk.
Yeah.
It might be the kiss of death for him.
You know, like two fumbled games.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And of course, that's our luck again.
Amit Smith signs before we get a chance to tackle the Cowboys.
Just like what's his name?
Riffin will be back. He'll be all healed up for that Monday night game when we play the Redskins.
That'll be the day he comes back.
Yeah. Yeah.
And then, well, of course, I think I'll week off, too, after this, you know,
from the catch of breathing and learn how to catch the ball and all.
Yeah.
You might have forgot that.
Yeah.
Not to change the subject, but I won't change it anyway.
I was just thinking, you know, the old Fort Lauderdale is then working their butts off around here
with all these illegal aliens.
Why not?
When the legal aliens come in, give them a rental car.
I was going all over it and maybe a map taped right up on the old dash.
Yeah.
Oh, and then blast all the way.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And give him a little sheet that says, by the way, when you get a slice of pizza,
always ask for a second one for free.
Yeah.
Well, anyway.
Okay, listen, have a great time at the A Clan Rally this weekend.
We have an open line in Broward 5249 460.
Was that from Davey?
Must have been.
Well, he'd have been really upset if we had Cubans in the building today.
Okay, let's do Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Wayne is tardy.
Long gone.
Okay, probably got too excited when he started talking about Donatella.
We have an open line in Davey.
754-9463.
Here's a lady in Port Charlotte.
I sure hope it's not Margaret.
It certainly is.
Oh, my God.
Joseph and Mary.
Am I the only one you call?
Oh, there goes that last.
There goes that last.
I heard that yesterday too.
Good.
There goes that.
Primance to be on radio without even calling you.
How about that?
What do you mean by that?
I'm not just saying.
I'm a lady.
I'm a lady call.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Your brother again.
No, it wasn't.
Anyway.
Yeah.
I think I've been on this thing an hour again.
Yeah.
How does it feel?
And I've rehearsed and rehearsed and rehearsed.
Yeah.
Well, you better do a good job then.
Well, I'm I wanted to tell all those gentlemen that are talking about the West Coast.
I'm on the West Coast and I'm a big hockey fan.
Yeah.
And I watched the game last night.
They called you the puck, Maister, right, Margaret?
Yes.
Don't do that to me.
Okay.
And it was a fantastic game.
You saw it?
Yes, I did.
Great.
On TV last night.
Uh-huh.
I love hockey.
Do you?
Yeah.
It was it was really a thrill because they both were very good.
They were real good.
Very good.
And some of those guys are better than others though.
Well, yeah.
Some of them were real good.
Well.
Some of them not so good.
Yeah.
But the score should have been bigger than what it was.
It should have been a lot bigger.
That's what I've always said.
It should have been a lot bigger.
But you have to make do with what you got, Margaret.
I know.
Yeah.
Okay.
Right.
Uh-huh.
Now to the depressing time.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I got to watch.
I was fortunate.
I was fortunate as a case may be.
By the way, Margaret, do you ever read the advocate?
Oh, I'm sorry.
