A Neil Rogers Show, a new stock radio, 610, WIOD.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
First you get down on your knees, fiddle with your rosaries, bow your head with great respect and...
...turn your flex, turn your flex, turn your flex!
To whatever steps you want if you have cleared them with the pontiff,
everybody say it's on Keri A. Layers on doing the fighting and riding!
Get in line in that processional step into that small confessional,
there's a guy who's got religion, I'll tell you if your sins are original.
If it is Troy Claim it's safer, take the wine and chew the wafer,
two, four, six, eight, climb to Trump's substantially,
oh, get down upon your knees, fiddle with your rosaries, bow your head with great respect and...
...turn your flex, turn your flex, turn your flex!
Take a cross on your abdomen, when in Rome, do like a Roman, our vey Maria!
She's good to see ya!
Get an extending and start a dramatic and a duet and a bout again, alright?
I know this before, you can love me or I'll tell God!
Where's my tape?
Oh my God, no I just want to make sure you didn't burn it yet.
Anyway, it's 10-08 at WIOD, speaking of burning man, when is somebody in this world good open up their mouth and say that God damn truth?
That's what I want to know.
All these assholes in the media who keep like gilding the lily and beating around the bush and just man,
I am ready to go into a four hour monologue today, the likes of which I have never done in my life, should I do it?
Why should I waste my time?
Is Miriam coming today by the way?
She is coming.
Who is that on the phone that's in your ear there?
Who was that?
Uh, friend.
Well get him off the phone, friend!
Well you don't want to drive that car, I can feel it.
Anyway, I'm serious, I am just about ready to go into a screaming, hopping, jumping up and down,
but first, you know something, there's probably only one thing that could like passify me today, you know what it is?
It's Barahouse Key.
That's right.
Come on over here, Drake, let's see what you got, you got a bum knee anyway.
So we lost last night, okay?
We lost, I'll get back to the other stuff in a second.
We lost, 6-3, we got pummel, the Red Wings are a much better team and we'll be lucky, we'd like to win a game, we're maybe two, and that's about it.
We got crit, and not only that, but it was the ONESPN.
It was on ESPN, thank God I didn't know that yesterday, so I hope that Robbie got to see it, because if you think I'm bringing you the tape of that annihilation last night, you're dreaming.
But I do have the highlight from the CBC.
The CBC.
Oh God, there's moles in hockey diving Canada on CBC.
What do you buy, moles and exports?
Excess at all.
Bio-culture data.
Where quality is job 1, it's working.
Buy Imperial Oil in Death to Edozia.
Brow to be one of the leading sponsors of U-Cockey in Canada.
And buy Pepsi.
Got a habit.
Got a habit.
That was it, that was the highlight, then the game started.
So anyway, you can't win them all, right?
I got so much crap here, I'll never have time to get it all across, but here's a mobile in Newport, Richie, it could be our only call of the day I doubted.
Hello.
Male.
Yes.
Rod and Rod's fireport.
They suck.
I gave them five minutes again this morning and I'm going to tell you I'll never make the mistake again.
There is nothing there.
There is absolutely nothing there.
What was that?
Listen to this, I was down in Tampa.
And they're coming through in Tampa on WJRR101.1 out of Orlando.
And you can hear them clear today right in the middle of Tampa.
Yeah.
And so it sounds like a core battle to me.
Great.
Well, you know something, anybody that would waste their time going to court over those two assholes is really pathetic.
I mean, if that's the idea of talent in the Tampa Bay market, then we don't have a prayer.
Think Bob's a trouble?
The blob will do fine, like I said.
Have a great day.
Okay, I'm really glad I took that.
All right, by the way, did she get straightened out on Steve Paris?
I am going to wage a holy war on this place today.
The likes of which has never been heard, seen, felt, smelled.
I mean, I am just full of it today.
Did we get the great American ink thing straightened out?
Did she talk to you about that?
We have, listen, I want to tell you how bad it is in this place.
We have clients, sponsors who think that they're running on this radio station.
I'm sure not only on this show, but on others who not only are not running,
but are sending coffee by facts here for their spots.
And they don't know that they're not even on the air.
So they must wonder, last week or two, how come they're not getting any response?
Steve, Paris, you idiot, you imbecile, you moron.
How is it possible for a person like you to get up in the morning and look,
you're pushing a mirror and walk around with any kind of a conscience,
you subhuman slime ball douchebag asshole of you?
We're getting, they're faxing us coffee points.
They think they're running.
They haven't been on the air for like a week and a half,
because Steve Paris wouldn't get us any coffee.
So they think they're running.
They're not on the air, they're not on the log.
You idiot, and that's the kind of business that we do here at Branch Dividey and Radio.
That's the kind of monkey business that goes on here.
And like I said, they're worried about money for us to go to Tampa.
They pee away more money here in a week than most people will ever see in a lifetime in this company.
And that's the gods on his truth.
If there's any gods on his truth, that's it right there.
At the risk of sounding like Howard Meal, you know?
Man, talk about the God Bull shot.
That's it right there in a nutshell.
1013 on the IOD Network.
And I'll tell you another thing.
We ever get a call from that asshole Tony Allen, by the way, in Fort Myers,
because today may be the day I yanked that thing right off of that goddamn radio station.
Okay?
You know, maybe we're just like window dressing,
because I know that's a really heavy-duty market.
But if you're going to yank the show off down here,
you're going to use this show as like kind of a play toy,
then you can stuff it right where the Mundo shine.
Okay, Tony?
I don't know.
Maybe the guy was wrong.
Okay, we only had the one call about it, but I sure doubt it.
So if there's anybody when you can get through
and we have some green lines open in Fort Myers and Naples,
if they didn't run any of the show yesterday,
and that's fine. That's their prerogative,
because they're like affiliated with CNN and headline news.
But don't even have the decency to call George and let us know what's going on.
That's a pile of crap. You're using us like a goddamn play toy
to fill up dead air down there, you idiot.
You moron, you hickie, a yoke ol' you.
So we'll find out from that jackass,
because all the big bucks are making from being on in Fort Myers, man.
I could probably retire from that.
I could go out to Highly of this afternoon and bet nothing on the first race
and every other race, because that's what I'm getting for it.
Zipity Duda, what race is he in?
Here's Newport Richie.
He is in there, isn't he?
Hello.
Wait a minute.
Let me see. Wait a minute. Hold on a second.
I just got through saying Zipity Duda.
And there's a horse named Zipity Duda running today at Highlya.
Let's all take off and go out there. I got a tip.
Go ahead, sir.
I got a church story for you.
Oh, it's close enough. What?
I was in church this Sunday. I'm a musician now.
Hallelujah, sir.
Pass the plate and spare the ammunitioners at the other way around.
Hallelujah.
Another suckers born every minute, sir.
When is somebody in the world
that, besides that fat slob Madeleine Murio here,
going to get up and have the balls to tell it like it is
about all this religious crap and all this hate
and killing and sickness and psychosis?
See, I don't know.
And they're on here this morning and Chuck asked the religious expert
on the phone, well, was this legitimate religion?
What is legitimate religion? What does that mean?
Like, are these legitimate bubble miceys?
What does that mean, sir?
I have no idea.
Do you know what a bubble miceys is?
I'm not the big church follower. I'm just played.
Do you know what a bubble miceys is?
No.
It's an old wives tale.
Okay.
You know what a fairy tale?
Do you know what a fairy is?
A fairy.
I've heard.
Okay.
Go ahead.
I'm a musician.
And me and a couple of my friends played some ham stuff
in the church.
And the pastor thanked us.
You played with him in the church?
No, no, no.
Wait.
What are you?
A priest or a musician?
Wait.
This is a good part.
It's a musician priest.
No.
We played in the church.
Yeah.
That's what the priest are doing.
They're playing in the church.
No, no, no.
For the altar boys.
Yeah.
And then we're like, okay.
We sit down.
And with your, they're playing with your legs?
No.
Oh, no.
We sit down.
That's where it starts with a hand on the kneester.
Just one innocent hand on the knee in the confessional.
And God only knows where it's going to wind up next.
He thanked us for playing there.
And then he goes like this.
He goes, now I want all the little boys and the girls
to come up and play with me.
Yeah.
I lost it.
We lost it.
It's like, I saw it.
I thought I got to hear this one.
Yeah.
But what a line that is, huh?
Yeah.
And he said he got down on his knees.
And now they all love it.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Yeah.
He got down on his knees.
They all came up and circled around them.
Isn't that beautiful?
I was so red.
I was like, how about that wafer?
Did he put a little something in their mouth?
Now it's a piscopalian church.
Or a piscopalian, something like that.
Here's the ever-growing Wayne Arnold in here.
Okay.
Well, listen, thanks for the good news.
All right.
And to stay away from that crap.
Okay.
What do you got there, Wayne?
Well, what is it?
Wayne, I'm on here with a radio show.
I appreciate it very much.
And I'm sure it's going to be beautiful.
But the audience can't hear you mumbling there in the back.
This is a radio show.
It's not like audio graphics here.
The audience can't visualize this thing.
It's a beautiful, beautiful thing.
I can't see it yet.
Look at that.
Woo!
Opening day in the inaugural game.
It's a Marlins.
It's like a big blow-up of the ticket for the inaugural game.
Boy, that's beautiful.
Wayne, thank you profusely.
God, framed and thin.
And don't put it where anybody can steal it.
Put it right by that chair.
That is the most beautiful thing that anybody has given me in my life.
Thank you very much.
No, I don't.
That's going to be worth a fortune someday.
You're a hell of a guy.
Wayne Arnold, folks, America's greatest fat man.
What a guy.
Anyway, it's 10, here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yeah.
How come you haven't started talking about Santa Reno and why he's riding or ass?
Everybody's what?
Why is everybody what you are?
Why is everybody what you are?
Why is everybody what you are?
I'm going to get into that.
Okay, it's a four hour show.
All right, will I think?
Let me say this to you.
Do you think that they knew that they were going to burn themselves up?
That they were going to set the place on fire?
Did anybody anticipate that?
And now they're all screaming at as much disdain as I may have for the FBI and some of the
silly dresses they wear.
I've got to tell you this.
Nobody in their right mind, and that's the problem, though, that any of these lunatics were
going to burn a damn place down.
No, you know what he did?
He locked them in a room and burned them.
They didn't choose that.
Yeah, he's a psycho.
You know he did.
Right.
And now they want to blame it on poor Janorino and the FBI and everybody else.
And she's handling it rather well.
Yes.
She always handles it well.
That's the rumor.
Don't go pick it on Janemen.
She'll turn you into a mushroom in no time.
So now she's talking about Quinn.
She's not going to quit.
She's not going to quit.
She just, she said, but she said was that if she, if anybody finds that she did something
wrong, she's willing to yield a, she'll hand in a resignation right now.
Like that's really going to happen.
No chance.
All right, listen.
I just started listening to you about a month ago.
Yeah.
Jordy's show.
Yeah.
And hey, thanks.
Okay, you don't have to suck around.
See you.
Open line indeed.
1022 on the IOD network.
You know, sooner or later, almost everything ends up down in your carpeting, including some things we probably can't even talk about.
Thanks.
Catch the latest news from the 610 WIO Dnew Center each hour plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Kaplik, questioning your faith.
Feel you need divine intervention or at least divine council.
Well, now there's a hotline just for you.
You have reached the Vatican.
Today's moral issue, abortion.
If you are pro-choice, press one.
Thank you.
You are going straight to hell.
Find out where the church stands on today's issues and where you stand with the church.
Today's moral issue, birth control.
If you use contraceptives, press one.
Thank you.
You are going straight to hell.
Get the straight food from the bonnet 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Call 1-900-8-0.
Today's moral issue, premarital sex.
If you engage in premarital sex, press one.
Thank you.
Have fun while you can because you are going straight to hell.
Call 1-900-8-0.
That's 1-900-8-Y-P-O-B-E.
Just 50 cents a minute.
Remember, you can pay now or pay later.
10-27.
So anyway, did we get a call from a Tony Allen Hodeyeta?
We found out what the real story is down there.
See, this thing with the religion, it's like the same thing with the survey.
They just allegedly took a week or two ago about how many fangs there are and it's like,
it's like all of these surveys.
People tell you what they expect, what you expect the palatable answer is to be.
Which is why nobody anywhere in the mainstream media is going to say anything negative about religion
because they don't want to offend anybody.
That's why every time they take a poll and they say, do you believe in God?
1-900-1% of the people respond yes.
That's correct because that's what they feel is the...
is the expected answer.
Where the hell is that card?
Where the hell is my damn bridge tender?
Geez, don't tell me I got the bridge tender down, do a deep sea, do a deep knee bends or something?
Absolutely correct.
Okay, feel better now.
Here's Tallahassee. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yeah.
Question for you.
Who was the announcer that did the Hindenburg crash?
I don't know.
Well, I think he would have been perfect for the waycoats.
I remember seeing it.
He just went to pieces, yeah.
He would have been good to bring back.
It's a terrific catastrophe.
Yeah.
I think that would have been perfect for him.
He would have been, let's bring him back.
Yeah, and I'd just like to say that Ray T.A. the three, he is a stock hole.
Get a new phone, wait a minute.
Crapie phone.
So anyway, getting back to all this, you know, is it mainstream religion?
What the hell does that mean?
What does that mean?
And then they're so cautious that they want to make sure you understand the difference between mainstream religions and cults.
Oh yeah, hallelujah.
Like there's a big difference.
Like nobody in the world gets killed because of mainstream religion because that's the good stuff.
It's all these wackos and waco and all these cultists.
They're the ones that do these heinous things and like emulate all their things.
All their members or drink cool ate or stuff like that.
Emilate and emulate.
Boy, that's a beautiful thing that Wayne Arnold brought me.
God, I wish you could see it.
It's in a beautiful black frame with a black background.
And it's that huge poster, the blow up of the inaugural game.
Big game tonight.
I'll be there.
Marlins in the braves.
Ryan Bowen kicks the crap out of Greg Maddox.
But anyway, getting back to this stuff, I came in today and I was primed and ready to do a four hour goddamn monologue.
Because isn't there anybody in this world who's got any balls at all?
Well, it's not commercially expedient.
It's not popular.
Who gives a crap?
It's commercially expedient that it's popular to put some fascist on the air every day, spewing hate.
That's commercially expedient and popular.
I mean, what the hell is that all about?
But if anybody dares to come on here, like yesterday afternoon, I'm scouring the satellite to try to get all the news that I can't about what's going on.
And see how they're covering this thing.
And here's Donahue.
Now, Donahue has fed the day before on the satellite at four o'clock in the afternoon.
And what has he got on?
He's got this black dude on who's got some new movie coming out about how Jesus was black.
And they're going on and having this big argument about how maybe Cleopatra was black and was Moses was black.
And we don't have any role models.
And I'm thinking to myself, when are you going to start dealing with reality, man?
God, take a look in the hood.
And stop with all this crap.
With all these bubble mices, with all these fairy tales, with all this garbage, with all these excuses that people used to justify their hate, like good old doctor Kennedy up there at the Coral Ridge Presbyterian Church in Fort Lauderdale.
There's another good one for you, who's either, you know, the thing a couple of years ago was all the back candidate attacks on the Jews and the liberals that they're all Jews and they're this.
And now it's the fangs and it's always just another excuse because the Bible says this and here we are.
It's almost the year 2000.
And most of the minds of the people on this pathetic planet are still like held in there like in prison.
And who is that on that line on here?
God, who is that?
God, I like to blow my brains out.
Who is that?
Who was it?
Yes.
Well, get him off of here.
Don't call here and tie up George with the end to crap.
I'm sitting here doing a radio show and people are calling up here having a conversation with George.
He didn't come in here to talk to your ass.
He came in here to sit and have a free lunch.
God, bap bap bap.
What were they talking about just out of curiosity?
Just crap from Ron and Ron.
We don't care about Ron and Ron.
The sky is falling.
They're showing the same damn pictures of the fire again here yesterday.
And we got people talking is Ron and Ron worth wasting time talking about?
I got news for you.
Joey's got more talent than Ron and Ron put together and Joey has no talent.
Well, close to none.
I mean, even getting out of bed in the morning requires some talent.
They suck.
They're an abortion.
They're an embarrassment.
And if that's the epitome of what goes as good radio in the Tampa Bay market,
that's a hell of a commentary on the people in that market.
That's all I can say.
Those are the loud ass limbal listeners of tomorrow are the people who listen to Ron and Ron.
Young red necks.
That's their audience.
But anyway, getting back to my pontification for the pontiff, let me say it again.
This world is a slaughterhouse.
Man, it's a madhouse.
I was standing shaving in the bathroom this morning.
And a mosquito, the first one I've seen in the house this year so far,
but I'm sure not the last.
Mosquito is on the waller.
And I reached over it like that.
And I was thinking to myself, and I'm not making this up, I was thinking to myself,
you know, mosquitoes are like humans.
