WIOD
WIOD
WIOD
WIOD
WIOD
WIOD
WIOD
WIOD
WIOD
WIOD
WIOD
WIOD
WIOD
WIOD
WIOD
Now the Neil Roger Show, a new star radio 610 WIOD
Hi, this is Jim. Love your show, Neil. Love you. Love you.
That damn second I can't stand him.
Oh!
Oh!
I sing a hymn by ying everything that moves
From a baseball to hockey
And he is a bloody Bible video source and using a machine
To a recipe
We think that you're okay.
That's why we're begging
Please buy on bloody point
And we may sing a
To rephrase safe and apple on a deep end.
There it is, that's my vote for Man of the Year in South Florida.
Can there be any question about it, huh?
Maybe next to Joy Reynolds
Wayne with his bald spot
We love you, Wayne. We're going to build a monument. We're going to build a statue.
There's a thing in the paper that's kind of buried in the Sunsettlest morning.
He's just quietly buying up a few more acres over here and a few more acres over there
Over in Miramar right by i75
And slowly but surely he's buying up the whole goddamn that part of the county
And he's going to build that gigantic thing over there and he's doing it.
He's the only hope. He's the great white hope
With a big shining bald spot.
So thank you, Wayne. And by the way, speaking of Wayne and the Panthers,
We came up with a tie last night against the Red Hot Capitals, even though we did give up a couple of
Marginal goals one that the Beeser gave away.
However, he also made about 46 saves and played a hell of a game besides that.
And kept us in the game and we wind up with another point, three three tie.
And the lightning won a game last night. How about that?
Oh, yeah, that's a miracle. But they got two points. We got one. We're still way to hell ahead of them.
And we're right in the thick of it.
And the good news is that this Saturday's game is sold out,
Except of course for the Panther Paxies because they don't go on sale to the last minute.
That's a good deal the way they did that.
Because even if you know away the hell ahead of time that a game is sold out, you still have a chance in your pants
To wind up getting a ticket for the game.
And because it's a Saturday noon game, Friday morning at 10.
The 892 Panther Pax tickets are going to go on sale.
I want to thank another man who is disliked by many,
Who is controversial and I could go into a big song and a dance about that part of his personality and his ambiance.
But when it comes to helping us out at Camila's House time every year, he has never failed.
He's always come through with a couple of grand a grand every year.
And this year yesterday open up a check in John Brunetti from highly a park sends me $3,000 for Camila's House.
Thank you, John.
And I guess when you got that kind of money, you don't care what anybody has to say about you.
Even if you're from Chigatawaga.
Is that the way he pronounced it? Chigatawaga?
Chigatawaga? Chigatawaga.
Tony Segredo, a channel four, I want to nominate you for the Dungoy of the Year Award.
Now seriously, if you look up the expression Dungoy in the dictionary, you'll find Tony's picture next to it.
They had this bombing thing in upstate New York, Rochester and Chigatawaga.
I mean, his Chigatawaga really spelled that mysteriously, that it's so hard to pronounce.
Chigatawaga. At a boy, Tony, when you spend that much time in the locker room with all those jocks like Mandits, look what happened to him.
So anyway, we have a little situation going on here as usual at WIOD, which I want to spend some time on.
By the way, our Camila's House and center one totals. What are those totals from peaches? Well, we don't really know.
Joe, don't get nervous, Joe. We'll have him on Monday when Bubblehead gets back.
We do have 108,363 for Camila's House plus a lot more than that, but we don't know what it is because Cheryl can't figure it out.
And for center one, we have 49,507. We have way over 50,000 of that, but Cheryl can't figure it out.
So when Bubblehead gets back next Monday and gets her very complicated bookkeeping all straightened out, she's got a ledger in there, man, that even Einstein couldn't figure out.
It's kind of like a two for you and one for me and one for my trip to Trinidad and one to cover the cost all those phone calls and whatever else it's all about.
But anyway, getting back what I was starting to talk about is the situation. Here it is the 29th of December.
And I'm sitting here in the middle of this maelstrom in the middle of this corporate blow hole situation here at WIOD.
And I can tell you the one thing I do know for sure, changes are a common, okay?
But what they are going to be, what I do know for sure is they still aren't written in stone.
And that to me is astonishing. How many months, how much time of these puttwackers had to figure out what it is that they're going to do?
And I was just saying to somebody only moments ago, I won't mention that it was Cheryl, but I was saying only moments ago when she was in here explaining to me that she can't figure out the bookkeeping on the peaches and the totals.
I was saying, you know, why is it that any of us are so naive as to believe that the same people who screwed this place up are going to straighten it out?
Does that make any sense? Is there any logic in that? Of course not.
I mean, these are the people who came into a pretty solid situation. And in one year they managed to take us from dazzling heights to rock bottom.
To the point now where everybody has to give crap away to get calls on here.
And they're going to straighten it out?
Any straight and something out, but it ain't going to be this radio station. I mean, what are they thinking about?
And then of course there's that enigma, the jazz master.
And George tells me that everybody talks to was just enchanted, but I do want to caution you by saying this that anytime you put anybody new on here, they're going to be enchanted with them.
And I'm not here to try to like a decimate the man because there are moment, there are lucid moments.
No seriously moments, I said, not long stretches, but there are lucid moments when I find them entertaining and amusing, briefly.
Then there are other times when we go back into this drug induced yesterday we graduated from the wicked weed. Now we're up to cocaine.
Hahahaha, cocaine!
And by the way, speak English. All you illegal immigrants.
Exactly. I'm sitting there in a car listening to my Louise Miguel music. I pop out the CD and I'm just in time to hear.
I'm wearing my t-shirt. This illegal, what was it? Illegal, not immigration problem. Illegal, integration problem. That's how it came out.
The words immigration pal, but however you spell it down on the farm, speak English.
Hahahaha!
So we've got a real barn burner of a situation going on here. I mean the fact that they were actually talking about a couple of putt whackers over in Fort Myers, that really, that tells me something right there.
Joanne Stan, from Fort Myers, I mean what does that tell you? What they're going to do to this place?
Just take a look back. I mean it's the end of the year everybody always wants to analyze the year in review and all that stuff.
Just take a look to what's gone down in this place over these past 12 months. It's just astonishing. It's criminal. I think somebody should be behind bars for what's been done to this place in last year.
Anybody got a good crap?
It's 10th or 13th. Oh, here's that. Is that rain that we're watching hours? Is this like the making of rain? It's rain with Madonna, who is as usual, a slutty and grotesque but boy there's some interesting things in here.
10th or 13th at WIOD and WSUN.
Not solamente is Hank Goldberg, but it's been a while.
Wait a minute, speak English, dammit. It's not just Hank Goldberg. It's a hip-hop album.
Oh.
Well, I know my sister all my life.
That is why she's now my wife.
And I think my son may know it's true. He's my nephew too.
Well, my daddy is my uncle Joe. My mother is my dear aunt Floyd. It is very plain to see. My first cousin is me.
Well, that corn sure is special ain't it?
Wee!
Anyway, 1017 at WIOD. I heard yesterday jazz talking about the fact that deliverance was one of his favorite movies and he's seen it over and over again.
Anyway, I don't want to get into a real pretty.
All right, all right now. Real pretty mouth.
Ned Beatty sure enjoyed it.
But anyway, I don't want to get into a big thing about him, although I just might.
But it's just, I want to say this, I don't usually get involved because anything that I say they do the opposite.
But since we have arrived at the crossroads of this, let me just say this, I got another stupid facts this morning from somebody who thinks they're going to put Don in mic on in the after.
I hate to break the news to you guys. It's not I can assure you it is never going to even be under the slightest consideration.
Don and Mike ain't going to be on in the afternoon or any major day part on this radio station. Don and Mike blow the big one. Okay, they suck.
They're like Joe and Stan. They're like on the same par on that same level. They suck.
But if there's any any consideration of putting anybody except Randy on in the afternoon on this radio station and I know there's this thing.
It's become fashionable. All Randy socks, you know, of course, Lassiter started that over in a West coast and with a lot of success, by the way.
See, he's been able to lead his nose pickers around by the nose. But once we get the living and reading audience when Ron and Ron come on next Monday, I don't think that those people will be so easily manipulated by a big tub of lard.
They'll decide for themselves what they like and what they don't like and they won't let some sour fat ass to tell them, you know, who's good and who's not and who is important, who's not and who to write down and who not to write said or and so on.
But you know, it's amazing to me. They do all of this research and they can't just sit down and turn something on on the radio.
I mean, these are people who get paid to have expertise. Now, I've been in this business for 35 freaking years and when I sit down and I turn on the radio, I know if I like something or if I don't like something.
I know if somebody is funny or not and Randy, whether you can't stand at painting the S. Jim or whatever else is funny. She's a crazy bitch. She is funny.
She does more funny stuff in five minutes than most people do in an entire four hours, no matter how much drugs they've done before they came in.
Okay, or while they're in.
And she should be on in the afternoon. Is anybody forgotten the times that she filled in for Rick and Sutsman, arm and vacation and the afternoon audience loved her.
She did a great job, sensational job, probably a little bit too good as far as they were concerned.
So let me just go on record here today since it is almost the end of the year is campaigning vigorously for the goddess to be doing afternoon drive.
Who at least is known well to the audience of this radio station and I'm going to tell you another thing having done nights for many years in his town.
The people who listen at night for the most part, it's not the same audience.
The nighttime radio audience is not for the most part the same people listen during the daytime.
There's not anywhere near the available audience because most people at night are like who have any kind of a life or either watch and television or busy doing something or doing each other or whatever.
So you don't have anywhere near the available audience at night time that you do during the daytime.
But it would just seem to me if anybody's got any kind of smarts at all in this place and I'm not so sure that they do, you sit down and you listen to somebody and you can tell whether they're a talent or not.
Whether they're funny or not, whether they interact with the callers and with the audience or not and she does, she's dynamite in spite of her boyfriend.
Maybe we could find like a shuffleboard tournament or something that goes on between two and six and keep him occupied every day.
But that's my vote for whatever it counts and trust me when I tell you it counts very, very, very little.
It is just amazing to me that as of this late date, these guys are still diddling around and diddling around and time is marching on and we got this one on part time and this one filling it over here and this one hovering for this job and this one running around trying to bum a pack of cigarettes and a six pack because and I appreciate that everybody needs a job.
Everybody's got to work. Everybody's got to make a few bucks. I understand that.
But let's get off the pot already. Let's get off the can and let's do something here and try to put the pieces of the pastry back together again that you guys have chewed a part and destroyed over this last year and by the way, let me congratulate you on one magnificent job of dismantling the empire.
Even Mark Hamill would be impressed, even he never saw an evil empire like the ones you people have assembled here in the last year and what's history by the way, Mark Hamill.
What guys he waking up looking at in the morning with that patch together face.
Huh? He does look bad, don't he? Well, he drives a Corvette. That's the problem when you drive Corvette into driving too fast, Mark, and you got your hand on your boyfriend's knee or somewhere close to it and you're not paying attention to the highway. That's what happens, baby. Okay.
I think we're going to do a show where remember yesterday somebody called and said, the way anavid they thought was gay or somebody you talked about that, which is ridiculous, by the way, we'll just do a show one day let everybody call and tell us who they think is gay.
Like, can they envision Janet Reno and Ann Vischer, like driving the truck together, like maybe Ann will be riding shotgun on the bike as Janet takes her up to the big city. Maybe Ann's going to get an appointment up there. Maybe that's why they're easing out a channel 10.
So what about Mark Hamill? How would anybody in this audience do him? Okay, anyway, it's 10.22. Huh? Maybe with a bag over it. And it said to 10.22 at W.I.O.D. and W.S. UN.
Tonight after Randy Rhodes, it's Don and Mike.
This is the radio six.
Come on, you I.O.D.
Mr. Mary Catherine. Jesus.
This must be important. It's a mobile and coral springs. Let's hop right on it. Hello. Hey, Neil, I wasn't coral springs. Yes. How are you? And now?
And now I'm heading down the tooling, Corridged Drive here, heading south. Okay, bad move. Bad move. I know.
Moving in a wrong direction, pal. I got the do you happen to catch Leno by any chance last night?
I wouldn't watch Jay Leno if you paid me by the second. Well, Charlie Sheen was on. Yeah. And I think if they ever do the life and times of Wayne Newton, Charlie's it. Really? Oh, man. Yeah.
I mean, he was to the sea. The hair is jet black now. And we video we put the VCR on and paused it and threw a little mustache, little pencil.
Kind of like winky dink. Oh, man. You're not old enough to remember winky dink with Jack Berry. But years ago, there was a show called winky dink and you.
And you used to have you'd send in for it like the top from Kellogg's Rice Krispies or whatever. You had to send in so many box tops.
And they would send you back a thing. It was like a red there like a plastic thing you put over the screen. And you would draw in crayon on the set.
My dad told me about it. In fact, back when there were black and white TV only before there was color, they also had a thing that was like blue on top and green on the bottom and like kind of like pink in the middle.
And you would put that over your TV screen to simulate color the idea being that the sky is blue and that people are like kind of like pink and at the grass is green.
No, seriously, I'm serious about that. I believe my dad told me about that. But anyways, I just didn't know if you caught him last night.
But I also want to bring the village people on the show really now that they've made a big comeback getting pretty risky now. Is it any taking a real risk? Well, so anyway, what's Howard goes on? Let us going to be off anyway. So I'm not going to make any.
Well, that's all material. I have a can I call one person do you back nice. Chen Jay. Yes, sir. Tom all the Doddy. Get a job you do. Back.
See a lot of talks still about the big game on Sunday. I don't want to discuss it. I say the bird starts. I say we take our own snow plow. We cross our legs and our fingers and hope for the best. That's all I can tell you.
I heard Chuck talking with Shula this morning and Shula's going on about well, you know, Chuck asked him, well, you're down after all that experience. So you're trying to get back up. Well, I were trying. We're trying.
And it ain't easy, but we're trying. Maybe that hot new young wife can help Don get up again for the game. Here's for a lot of day on the star line. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What's happening? How you doing? All right. Randy, if I have to news. Yes. And this morning we just that was a week. That wasn't Don Shula from this one. That was a repeat from the last three weeks. It's a tape. Yeah. It's the same thing going on. Right. We just keep doing the same thing every week so that we don't have to talk to him that often as he gets pissed off about it. So we just talked him once.
Exactly. Anyway, the reason he says basically we sucked in more trying to get her act together for next week and the turnovers. We had 14 turns. Right. Right. This is the same back. And we fireport on quam. Yeah. Le Mans using your material. Really? Yeah. My good friend Dave Lamont who can't control his farting problem. He's coming on there. He's talking about this contest. Whatever they had in there. Absolutely correct. No. Yes. Dave Lamont is doing that. Yeah. I know he's listening right now because they've lit Joe Rosalimont. Listen every day. Absolutely.
Correct. Nice going Dave. Everybody heard we was all freaking out. We had three real fart smeller that Lamont. Yeah. He's a good guy. Just can't control his bodily functions. Yeah. But they're ripping it. Yeah. Anyway, it ain't helping him. Have a great day. See ya. See, jazz is a guy that's very easy to cause anybody can do that. Yeah. Yeah. That gruff voice for a couple of seconds then it starts hurting real bad. But I guess if you drink enough and do enough drugs that it like comes naturally. Yeah.
Another thing that really bothers me not only about him, but like Don and Mike do this to a point where it's nauseating. I mean really and it comes across really smarmy in a really sexist obnoxious way. And that is like every time a woman calls on Don and Mike show. Oh, hi, baby. Hi, sweetie. Hi, honey. Talk about demeaning and obnoxious and ridiculous. And of course, you know that 99 times out of 100 that the cow on the other end of the phone is some obnoxious pork or that nobody would
even take a second look at. But that's that's not relevant. It's just the idea that oh, well, here's a woman. Can we smell the scent? Can we sniff it over the phone? You know, I mean, let's get serious already. Huh? Here's Miramar. Hello. Welcome to. Yes, sir. Got good news. Okay. 11 45 years. The Friday night. Yes.
Uh, a child 23 is doing a try try spot live local thing is one from Miami, well from New York and one from Mexico City. Right. And you know who the Mexican correspondent is Luis. No, then. Luis Miguel. Right. Yes. Y'all. You're not about that. That's right. It's gonna be on 23 and it will be on a satellite. They had a thing on Telomundo last on Christmas Eve last Friday night. And they showed some old clips and he was on one of them. Luis, but it was pretty weak. Yeah, he was on. He's gonna be on Sunday night too. I believe on the.
Night of stars. Well, I sure hope he speaks English this time. I don't want to get jazz upset. I'll throw it online to just to passify us. Uh, Anglos. Yeah. Okay. You know what this is? No. You tell me sports. Oh, how do I? Yeah. Okay, Glenn. Okay. Take care. See if. How you doing, honey? Sweetie. Oh, I'm sorry. We have an open line. It's in a brown or five to four on one on the star line at star IOD. We have absolutely nothing to give away today. And I want to say this to the people
that really give a crap about this radio station. You better start campaigning. You better run out in the streets with sandwich boards. Randy for afternoon drive. I'm telling you that right now, which he's going on vacation next week. And jazz is going to be doing her show next week. And if he wants up there at night and it gets a job and can afford to go out and buy some drugs and booze, fine. More power to him. Okay. I got nothing. No problem with him. No problem whatsoever. But the idea that he's going to be on air any afternoons. Forget it. Okay. No way. Jose. No chance. Not ready for prime time, pal.
Here's Orlando. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, I have to tell you about the greatest human being on the face of the earth in Miami. Yes. My buddy, Bobby Swarris, Chief of the Fire Department down there drove up on Christmas night. Yeah. And I thought he was going to give me a gag gift. So the guy's videotape and it and all that good stuff. And I get to the bottom of the box and blow him behold. It's a football signed by Don Schuul. It made out to Nick and Angie.
Beauty. I mean, the greatest guy in the world goes out of his way. Get Shula to sign a football and he delivers it to me personally. Christmas. The greatest man in the world. Bobby Swarris. I love you. Yeah, I bet. I mean, I mean, never admit to never admit to loving the guy who slides up and down a grease pool all day for this guy is the best. I mean, Fire Department go Miami. Yeah. I think I'm going to do it this Sunday or what I doubted. Oh my god.
Not again. I think so. I think we're we've got it down Pat now. Yeah. Well, I think we know just how to do it without even try. We can do with our eyes closed. Everybody's talking about Mitchell.
They got to get rid of this guy. Deburg. It's got to come in. Deburg's got to start. He's got to have we had an announcement on that. I don't think we've had any word on it yet. Either by the way, I don't know, but if Bobby's got any input, I hope he talks to Shula. Yeah. Okay. Thanks.
I'm to grease it up. Yeah, right. Good luck to pal. Oh, open line and Broward 5241 on the Starline and 2 on the green lines. 1 800 944 9463. Of course, they're all pissed off because I said something good about Randy. And they've learned to
would despise Randy over on a West Coast because they've been brainwashed and they've been like that's been like part of their whole ambiance over there. Here's
this. Scott Mitchell. He's the best quarterback in the national football league. Man, I must be smoking too much wacky weed. Marino's on the sideline with the crutch up his ass, watching another Mitchell's intercepted pass.
The defense missing tackles the offense turning over balls. The only thing they're good at is jacking their jaws. What the hell are we going to do with
defense for straight losses and zero wins. They have one more game left in a division that better beat the Patriots into submission. If they happen to win, could they
laugh in the playoffs? I don't know about you, but I'm thinking of some pay off. So let's hear it for the dolphins. The most inconsistent team. Don't blame it on
the injury that they lose on these game. Just blow it off and bow your head and shame as the dolphins end another shotty season again. So hats off to you, Don Shula. You put. If I was
going on of it, I kick you right in the nuts. Dolphins are still the number one team, you know. They're the only team that ever went 17 and.
I'm going to eat blood. Beauty love you, Neil. Lovely. All right. See you. Excellent. See you. Boy, now did you notice how he pulled that up from like nowhere?
Because he had like kind of not I wouldn't say a high pitch voice, but like you know, like if five was the middle, he would be like a little bit above
the middle, a little bit higher, like probably maybe like peanuts. And all of a sudden he got right to the end of that magnificent piece of work.
Any managed to pull that up, even those of us who like a really tiny ones, man, can if you just reach right down there, can do that.
So it's not really that much of a big deal. We have an open line. It's on the green line at 1-800-944-9463. I bet you I want to get some reports on what's going on over there in a West coast.
I would imagine that right now they're like marching down Dale. Maybe they're up and down all over the goddamn interstates over there because Ron and Ron are coming back. It better be like that.
There better be billboards. There better be TV spots. There better be nonstop interviews. I mean for the kind of money that they're panties guys and for the kind of lead in that I'm supposed to be expecting. Isn't this interesting for once in my life.
I'm supposed to be getting a lead in. I'm going to have the opportunity to grab onto somebody else's coattails, even though quite frankly, they're mediocre at best. But nonetheless, I'm reaching and grabbing for anything I can get over there.
So wouldn't that be nice to follow somebody for once who's got gigantic, enormous living and breathing numbers and demographics and maybe like just scrape off a little bit of it as opposed to usually in my life the other way around.
1037 at WIOD and WSU N.
Hortstock 16. It's Randy Rose.
New stock radio 16.
What?
The Boony WIOD.
Bring back Alex Bennett for gosh sake.
Through yourself a favor. Will you pal?
Oh!
But if I am guilty of anything, it is of giving all that I have to give.
My penis, my buttocks, my lower torso, thighs and any other error that they wanted to help children all over the world.
That damn fat guy. I can't stand up.
She just can't stop. She can't control herself every time she just got a blurted out 1040 at WIOD.
We have an open line. It's on the green line.
And see, you know what the problem is with this of my coming on here like advocating like line up changes here and trying to inject myself and get them off the dime and get them to do something that makes sense.
Is that the people who disagree, they don't have the balls to call.
The people who agree with you, they will call like the people like all these people that you're talking to say that jazz is great.
Okay. Well fine. I would like to hear why.
What is it that you enjoy about him so much?
And like I said, when I tune in here and there and I do like spotty a pickup little and I hear a lucid moment or two, it's like enjoyable.
Every now and then like in spots, like in little spots, they call.
They just won't go on here with you.
Oh, they call, but they just won't go on here to say what?
To say what? They're Randy sucks?
No, the jazz is great.
Leave me alone.
Oh, jazz is great. Leave me alone. Okay.
Well, let's hear about it. Okay.
I'm sitting here willing to listen. What is it that you enjoy besides in between a cocaine and a pot in the 12 pack of beer?
What is it that you enjoy?
And the story about getting the meat out of the freezer with the brother in laws house or whatever that was all about that went on and on for like hysterical.
That I don't understand what that was all about about getting the meat and the frying pan out of the freezer because they were vegetarians.
And they will only in in biben and hail things that come out of the ground.
That grow like in a backyard for Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
A couple of things here. First of all, I want to thank you for giving me the ticket a couple weeks ago to the panthers and Buffalo game.
Yep.
My first time ever going to a hockey game with a fantastic.
Great. Well, you picked a good night. That's when we went on overtime.
That's right.
Right.
And I also got a ticket for the game this going Saturday.
And I'm looking forward to a wonderful.
Well, I'm going to take personal responsibility for at least 2000 fans being out there for every game if I say so myself.
I think you're entitled to it.
Yeah.
The second thing I listened to a jazz a couple of times this week.
I'm a avid Rick and Suss fan.
Yep.
And each time I had to turn it off after a couple of minutes, but yesterday I listened to the whole show and had to say the guy really blows.
I hope you don't bring him on to the.
What do you mean you hope I don't bring him on?
Well, W I O D.
Yeah.
I hope they don't bring him on.
No, permanently.
It lets us like in the middle of the night when I'm.
Well, why would you listen to the whole four hours of you think he blows?
I don't understand that.
Well, just to give it a, you know, you're a fairer.
A fair listening.
Uh huh.
I thought maybe the other time I was listening, it just had to be at a moment of a stupidity on his part.
But you know, it's all, it's all format kind of blows and I just don't like him.
Okay.
I'll put you down.
Yeah.
Have a great day.
See you.
We have an open line in Broward.
Well, see, he just saying that because that's what I didn't say that he blows.
I didn't say that whatsoever because I'm not into his person life, although he wasn't the can for a while.
So he might.
But well, listen, he's probably spent some time down on all fours, but that's another story.
But the bottom line is, like I said, when he's got the lucid moment, he's got a great voice.
He's got some stick that he plays that's, you know, interesting in his own material.
But it's just that the, when you listen to the content, it just seems to attract this, uh, this blue collar redneck bigoted kind of like, uh, you know, and that speaking listening.
That's just kind of, I mean, are we still into that?
I thought I was listening to the sandy patent show again with all the other stuff that's going on in town.
We're still back into that.
I'm surprised sandy hasn't started calling that show now.
She'll be next.
Here's a mobile in clear water.
Hello.
How you doing now?
Okay, sir.
Good.
Uh, I didn't have to wait too long.
Thank you.
We put the mobiles right at the head, sir.
I appreciate it.
Like I said, I want to comment about Jeff.
Yes.
I think he's on a skill from one to 10.
I think he's about a five.
The only thing is he sounds too much like a runner on one of you with a say on all the time.
I'm out here in the clear water area.
And I got kind of tired of hearing it.
Ron and Ron would all just see in the panty backs and all that.
He just sounds like a, uh, like a reproduction of a hard to be.
Trying hard to be hip, you know, yeah.
And see as soon as I hear people saying this one is hip, it reminds me of our sineo.
You know, our sineo for about five minutes was supposed to be real cool and real hip.
And everybody who watched him was real.
The only problem was you could never find anybody who admitted that they watched him.
And to be honest with you, if he sure wasn't syndicated, he'd been off the year months ago,
because his numbers aren't that much better than Chevy Chase was doing.
His numbers blow.
But because he's not on the network, he's on a syndicated show.
He's still on there.
Yeah.
Well, with the lineup to Rick and such, it's, it's real terrible thing that they're, they're going to be gone and not heard anymore.
I think what they should have done was, uh, have.
Ron and Ron and Moran like they do and then you and then Rick and such.
And then in that hour where they have to play back the best of Neil, why couldn't they put last or that time?
Put his fat ass, you know, on the that I know he doesn't like wake up.
You mean at dinner time when people are eating?
I don't think you want to have last year Ron here when people are eating.
Yeah, but that way it would make everyone happy.
Wouldn't have taped, you know, a best of and everyone's got their own live spot.
Yeah.
And we still have Rick and such, I think is one of the biggest assets.
You know, Randy's great too.
And of course, you're, well, see the problem is, uh, it's very.
Obviously to me that what the experts in his company are doing, they're looking at the numbers again.
And they really believe, you know, I had a big goose up there in the 18 to 34 in the last trend in Tampa.
So, but they look and they see Rick and such aren't going anywhere.
Randy's got like a point to or something over there and they look at that and they believe it.
And they really believe that, uh, that those people aren't drawn any audience over there.
And I don't believe that.
Well, the whole thing is, um, with those, um, surveys that they do, it's the kind of people that, um,
last are tracks.
Those people will take the time to send those surveys or whatever they are back in, but the younger audience,
you know, we really don't have time.
So it's not accurate representation of the true listeners out here, you know, the, the amount of people that are listening.
Yeah.
But, uh, we think your radio station is great.
And I know we've got, uh, I got a ton of friends that listen to the, uh, the station all the time.
And I just rented a, uh, a rent a car a couple days, going to switch every station.
Yeah.
You're just.
Excellent.
Just keep running all over town and switching the dials.
That's what I do.
Okay.
Take it easy.
See you.
Bye.
We have an open line on the green line.
I think I'm going to start doing that.
It kind of like feels good.
You know, it doesn't sound that great, but it feel it's like, uh, almost like a big burp like a gigantic reps.
It's like, let's a certain amount of energy and air out of your body out of your lungs.
See you.
Oh, yeah.
You feel better after you do that.
Anyway, it's 1047 at WIOD and WSU.
You win.
Get's the latest news from the 610 WIOD new center each hour plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast.
Yeah, that's another thing I could spend a half hour on at production studio and the fact that it's all set up for one person that if anybody else wants to go in there
Do anything like the mic is all like this.
Like that every time you say anything, but we don't want to go into that because then again, that's Neil starting up with problems going on into building and creating trouble where we don't have to have any.
Let's just ignore it and go on our merry way.
We got sales people writing copy that's totally in coherent.
We got the local sales manager making things up as he goes along and then they have to call him into a meeting and like dry a amount for a couple of hours and then it comes back and kind of apologizes.
Well, I was just hallucinating again.
It's a same old crap on and on and on month after month for the last year.
It just never changes.
But these guys have got the answers man.
They're doing lots and lots of research and they're going to get it straightened out.
We have two open lines on the green lines.
I don't think they want to participate in this because quite frankly they don't give a crap about over here and you know what tough crap.
Here's a coconut grove. Hello.
Good morning Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi. First time caller and chronic listener.
Okay.
Listen, I don't want to join in all this jazz bashing, but I do have something interesting you that might be helpful.
I just want to hear what people have to say.
I'm not trying to manipulate the audience because that's what really pisses me off is when people call any show and they do it all the time.
And they say what they think the host wants to say so they can suck up and get web done ahead.
I don't want to hear what people really think.
That's all.
Well, absolutely.
Unfortunately, I just moved on my boat.
I have no TV.
So you're your prisoner captive audience.
I kind of got really to I.O.D.
Right.
And I monitor virtually 24 hours a day when I'm in town.
Yeah.
I've heard a lot of 24 hours a day.
Well, oh yeah.
Incredible.
I go to sleep and wake up with the damn thing.
Uh-huh.
Anyway, I have interestingly when I was based in London, a friend of mine used to send me tapes of the grease man when he was in Washington.
Right.
Not Simon Kess with JFK.
When he used to be good, yeah.
Right.
And I've got on tape right in my seawalker there.
Some sticks that the grease man was doing a few years ago that I swear to God I just heard Mr. McCay go over in the last week.
Uh-huh.
The fat chicks in the bars up in the teens.
Uh-huh.
A lot of the biker, plenty of the pot stuff.
Yeah.
And I don't know what intellectual property laws are in your business, but I think they're...
You can have intellectual property laws when you have no intellect.
Okay.
Well, okay.
More on protection.
In any case, you think that management would take a second look at that and maybe research the thing with the Howard Poff and the grease man rip off.
And say, listen, come up with the original stuff daily basis.
Yeah, but see, the problem is there are very few original people in this business.
Most of them are busy ripping somebody else off and talking about...
I do hear an awful lot of talk about Howard and as much as I like Howard and especially when Howard used to be really great, which is a few years ago.
True.
Uh, you know, sitting and talking about that all day every day and playing his old tapes.
Quite frankly, it doesn't get the job that it's not very entertaining.
I mean, if I want to hear Howard, I'll go up to one of the markets where he's on and hear the real thing.
Right. And now that he's so dismembered throughout the country, I think it's a bit watered down because I sample his show all over the country.
And even when he was in London on a couple of go away things.
Yeah, they've chopped his gonads off in no question of at least one of them anyway.
Oh, well, he's still funny, but not what he used to be.
Well, I haven't written a book yet and I think you know, tried to sample this TV show, but I was out of town too much.
So I never got the tapes.
But the whole thing is...
See, that's why I like Bob and Tom and Indianapolis because they don't imitate anybody else.
They're a unique act. They have their own stuff. They do all their own stuff.
They are them and there's nobody else like them.
And they're not interested in imitating the grease man or Howard or me or anybody else or Rick and Suds.
And they're a unique act and there are very, very few and far between of those kind of people in this business.
Right. Well, I think it takes some kind of a lot of wannabes.
We've got a lot of wannabes.
That's what I appreciate about you and Randy is that you come on like Randy last night, you went out on a limb.
I listened to a whole show last night and I'm going to tell you I'm going to say it again.
And I don't give a crap anybody out there who thinks that she sucks or wants to make derogatory comments.
She is a funny, funny bitch and she's got a hell of a show.
Well, she's not only funny but she can actually, she's well informed and when she needs to get serious and I thought she dealt responsibly with that caller.
Yeah.
And to take the show down to or up to a higher level from some of the more guttural fun things, I thought it took some guts.
And particularly during this season of mariment, I gave her a lot of credit and I'm not second-up to you.
I don't want to say anybody but you guys have fortunately or unfores are become my family and I'm concerned about any potential programming changes.
And I'll tell you if Boy Gary wants to receive the tape, I will be happy to send it to the station.
I'll dub it and send it to you.
I got the tape of the grease manchstick which had been lifted almost verbatim.
Yeah, but that, see that doesn't make any difference.
In other words, you can't go back and start listening and say, well, this one is ripping off from this one.
Like I said before, you have to be able to sit down and listen to somebody and find and to be able to make that judgment.
And when you're dealing with a program director who has no background and talk whatsoever who is working on a so-called full service station up in Louisville,
which had nothing to do with talk and comes in here in a supposedly an expert on talk radio and the things that he finds interesting or the tapes that he gives me,
like when they hired Alex Bennett, he gave me a tape that they hired Alex Bennett off of which if you could listen to that tape, you would cry.
You would say, how could anybody hire a man based on, I mean, it wasn't even a good tape usually if you're on the year of any period of time.
And the guy's been on for a hundred years, you can fake together a good tape and make yourself sound good.
But this wasn't even a good tape, it was pathetic and they hired this guy and brought him in here which was a guaranteed failure and set us back five years.
And then we made a comeback for two or three years and now we got another setback here.
I'm sorry to hear that, it's funny, I missed the Alex Bennett.
Oh, that was incredible.
What a debacle.
But I've heard him in San Fran, you know, he does the morning show.
Oh, he's a sit down comedy and his sit down fat pork or audio studio audience with all of his, you know, I hate to break the news to anybody who's in his business.
Nobody gives a flying craft about stand up comics about who's appearing at such and such a club.
I mean, that appeals to such a narrow group of people that isn't the basis for a radio show.
Well, certainly not for a radio show.
Not for the basis of your show, which has got a hell of a lot more going on with topicality and entertainment.
But yeah, I've heard Alex, I've tried to send a friend of mine in San Francisco, a tape of you and Randy, just to show him what good talk radio is.
And he's still swerved by Alex.
Yeah, well, it's a strange California is really bizarre.
I mean, Los Angeles, you would think that in LA besides forget about Howard, because he hasn't been on it at long.
But before he was on there, I mean, what passes for radio in that market like KBC is garbage.
And KGO in San Francisco is the most terminal online bonehead talk you'd ever want to hear.
It just, California doesn't really have much good radio on.
Well, San Fran seems to be plowed by Alex in the morning because I think he's got a lock on the market.
It just as run and run have at this point.
Yeah.
And you know, it's, I have to endure run and run until your retapes comes on at nine.
And that tapes going by by two, by the way.
I switch over to the side of what they're doing.
That tape's going to go the way that all this business about playing tapes and replay that's really killed me that tape that nine to ten hour has been one of the most detrimental things because they water you down at the point where no matter what you say people say.
See, I think I just read him say that five minutes ago.
It's not doing you just got no, it's killing me.
Yeah, I think it's lawsuit inducing quite frankly if you ask me.
Unfortunately, I don't have a remote on the cassette for when I'm away on trips.
So I do miss, oh, I don't know about 50% of the months of the show, but when I'm on the boat, it's on 24 hours a day.
So I think I'm a pretty well informed listener.
And I just want to thank you and Randy and Rick.
Well, I think I need to find a hobby for you.
And lightning things and making it open to clean this pig.
Okay. But anyway, um, and closing in closing.
Yes. I think jazz does have some original material.
And I think he does have some moments of brilliant.
Yeah.
And I'm sure he's going to be honest with me.
A couple of moments every now and then he'll be honest afternoon and be on all next week at night filling in for Randy.
And then after that, who the hell knows because they don't know here.
Well, all I know is that if the station dumps or or malfeforms,
it's major producers as in you and Randy, then they'll lose me as a listener.
Okay. Have a great life.
Hey, thanks a lot, Neil.
Okay. Goodbye.
Open line in day 7, 5, 1, all three of the green lines.
I guess we must be putting them into a coma.
They're not the least, but interested in any of this.
They have no opinions on anything 1-800-944-9463.
They're waiting for Ron and Ron. See ya.
Neil, good.
Neil, God.
Neil, God.
That damn staggula.
Use talk radio 610-W-I-O-D presents The Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with Neil, dial 751-W-I-O-D from date in Broward 524-W-I-O-D.
Outside the 305 area code, toll free 1-800-944-W-I-O-D.
And Bell South mobility customers make it a free call by dialect star I-O-D.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show on Use Talk Radio 610-W-I-O-D.
Don't, friend. Then he is a duck.
Here's a mobile and tapah. Hello.
Hey, how are you, Neil?
Okay, sir.
I was just calling to see what you thought about kind of an ironic twist with running,
running, going on up here on S-U-N.
Yes.
And obviously, most likely going to add to your listenership up in this neck of the woods.
Yes.
From carryover and down there, they're kind of taken away from the safe station you're on.
Right. They're on Zato over here working for Buddy Bud Pax, and that's your right.
It's an ironic twist.
How are they doing down there?
They're doing big down here. Well, they're doing okay. They're doing well.
They're doing well?
Not doing as well as the morning show that used to be on here six years ago when I was on a morning in Zato, but they're doing well.
That's good. I think it's going to, I think it's great that more people are going to be in tune to you because, you know, they're going to,
they're going to get carryover listeners.
So we've been on there for a year and a half, and basically we've been recycling the same A.M. listeners back and forth over and over,
and we pick up a fuel and we drop a fuel, and it's like we've been running in place.
We're like running out of treadmill. We're not going anywhere.
Yeah.
Because living and breathing people for the most part, I'll say it once again, they don't listen to A.M. radio period.
And we got a little bit of an influx there when we were on for a Y and F for about five minutes, and we got a few new people,
and some of whom are still listening. But that was it. That was the only exposure we got to the people we really want listening.
Well, I think you're going to get a lot more now, buddy, and I think it's great because you got a good show.
Yes, sir.
Listener Shippell. I think it's great that they're finally doing something serious about that.
Well, it is great that they're doing something over there. It would certainly be nice if they would have A.
If they would have liked, you know, gotten their act together and done it.
Wouldn't you think that since it's the same company, they would have done it simultaneously.
And they would have had all their crap together. They've known for months here.
They were going to have to make some kind of a change and that they would have gotten their crap together and that they would have organized it and no way.
No way. No way. We're still thinking about it here. We're still analyzing it and we're still listening to tapes and we're still looking at the research.
And we're still sticking our finger out the window to see which way the wind is blowing.
And it's just it's really sad.
The great sister cock.
Yeah, exactly.
All right, buddy. Have a great life.
You too, buddy.
Open line on the gris. See you on the green line. 1-800-944-9463.
See now, jazz is going to come on and people are going to say, well, you know, that Neil really was ripping you and ass.
And that's not what I said at all. I said that during his more lucid moments, I find him very interesting and entertaining.
He's got a great voice. He's got some of his own stuff.
But when you listen to the essence and a lot of it is the colors too.
It's the preoccupied with picking the seeds out of their butt and out of their pot, that crowd.
And then of course this kind of like anti-human. I don't know where that all started yesterday about Castro's granddaughter who came here.
So all of a sudden we're going to get all these Cubans coming in.
And we better start spigging English. And what's that integration policy or is it immigration?
What word is it that we're talking about? And what the hell was that all about? And where did it come from?
Here's the adventurer. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have listened to Ron and Ron. And now they live in New York. I'm a loyal Howard listener.
Yes.
And if Cox was really interested in maximizing efficiency and getting you a big or the...
Howard would be on tomorrow morning.
He would have been on yesterday morning.
Right. Exactly.
Why? What is there... What's the right...
No balls. No balls.
Absolutely. I mean even in Howard's worst moment, he's 100 times funnier than I thought.
I'm going to say it again. Ron Diaz, if you listen to his voice and the way he phrases things, I mean it's obvious that he listened to a lot of tapes of Howard.
He is a Howard wannabe. All of these things from the ripoff of Lesbian dilatate and the panty facts are things that Howard's been doing for years.
Some of which Howard stopped to win years ago because they were already burned out.
And because of the fact that most of the audience in this Yahoo state never heard Howard, they think, oh this is really great.
You know.
What's the honest...
It's like if he never had ice cream and he had vanilla ice cream.
Okay. And you think, wow, this is really revolutionary because you never had Rocky Road and you never had anything that really had any taste to it.
A quick Howard's fire report though. Somebody wants to play the tape for him of Ron and Ron.
Yeah.
Spend 20 minutes going off on Ron and Ron and how they feel all his stuff.
They do.
And the other thing.
Well he's right.
And he's absolutely right. I mean there's no argument there. It's just it seems like Cox has been making some terrible decisions.
I mean the general manager of this radio station just finished reading Howard's book, loves the book, loves Howard.
But the bottom line is that this company doesn't have the guts to put Howard on because they're scared to death.
They're going to get fined. They're going to get thirsty.
They're going to buy... I mean what are these people thinking about? If they want to have radio stations, they're rated in the 20th century that appeal to the living and breathing demographics.
I mean look at infinity. Infinity has made in spite of all the fines and sput all the grief.
They have made millions and millions and millions and dollars off of Howard.
They've bought off radio stations from coast to coast all over the goddamn country because they got the balls to go ahead and press on.
Absolutely.
Maybe these people here need press on balls. That's what they need.
And that's the problem with the management as long as Cox on it.
Yeah. It'll never get anywhere.
We'll always be a sucking hind wind.
Well we can only hope for the best and one day maybe Howard will lead into your show and there you go.
There you go.
Or maybe infinity will hire me to do mid days and all our stations and follow Howard. That would be interesting.
And then maybe Hello Freeze over there.
There you go. All right.
Have a great life.
You too.
That's something to think about. Maybe Hello Well Freeze over.
We have an open line in day and it'll sure freeze over sooner than we'll have Howard in Florida.
It's 1114 at WIOD and WSUN.
After noon at two it's Rick and SUDs.
Then it's six. It's sports talk six 10.
You stop radio six 10.
Come on you WIOD.
I'm gonna start on this theme and I'm gonna wrap it all year long.
Coming next year, the King of Tots.
To the true your hometown.
To ring to benefit the Cardinal Classy School.
For wayward boys it's Michael Jackson.
I've got a very happy time.
Michael Jackson.
It's been a bit too long.
Because I've found a little any time.
It's no matter if he's back all right.
Michael Jackson.
Yes Michael performs all of his greatest hits.
From oldies with the Jackson five.
They're learning the ABCs.
I'm getting down on my knees.
Removing the dunkelries.
ABC's side of me.
Baby you and me.
That's right.
From the timeless tunes of the Jackson five.
To the classic solo work.
Michael Jackson's benefit to your age to please.
The people are so around my soul.
We thought you'd been nile.
Some call me big.
Brothers are my better file.
There's no one to defile.
I just sit for a while and...
Michael Jackson.
Sometimes I'm so depressed that I just sit around.
So can't wait for a call from a calling call again.
When I'm home and don't sit naked by the phone I...
Spencer, Spencer, Spencer.
It'd be one of the five lucky boys to receive backstage passes.
To hang out in Michael Jackson's dressing room.
Michael Jackson's benefit.
Hey, yeah, Michael.
Yes Bobby.
Is that your real skin color?
It's inside with counts.
But I know a game that we can play to find out.
And so if you fly, you know it's time to free Willy.
Say, say what you want.
But you know who I give a flex.
And I don't know how to read.
But then don't boys give me.
And here they're rousing finale.
Yes Michael sings the song he wrote for the children of the world.
With the Vienna voice choir backing him up.
I don't like girls.
Oh.
I like male children.
They are the ones who turn me on and hate.
I hope they win.
It's a choice of making.
Oh, my school very lives.
But it's true they make the greatest lane.
When they just fly.
Here are other great Michael Jackson classics.
Like Billy's James.
Do you know how to tell time?
And of course smooth criminal.
Yes, it's Michael Jackson's tour to benefit the cargo classy school for wayward boys.
Get your tickets now.
Boys under 10 admitted free when a company by no one.
They're white.
They're really really tight.
Oh, they're black.
They're white.
They're really really tight.
20F11 to WIOD.
We have an open line in day 751 WIOD one in Browards 524.
And let's do Hollywood.
Hello.
Hollywood.
Gone.
Long gone.
Yes sir.
He'll second time caller.
Okay.
Slow on the uptake.
Right, right.
I had John Holyer deal.
I'm smart.
The reason I'm calling is I committed myself to go to a Panthers game.
And if I'm going to be spending $25, $26 for a seat.
Could you tell me what is a good location in New Arena?
The arena.
When I'm going to the Panthers game.
Yeah.
And I'm spending like $28.
22 bucks or 28 bucks.
Okay, 28.
What would be a good seat to get?
Do you know what section or...
You know, because I know nothing.
I've never gone to a Panthers game before.
You want to sit about halfway up.
Halfway up.
Anywhere in New Arena.
You want to sit from halfway to 2 thirds up in a lower bowl.
In the lower.
Where you want to sit like way down in front of the upper bowl isn't bad.
Okay, but you don't know any numbers or sections or anything like that.
No.
Okay, just upper bowl and anywhere in the arena.
Correct?
Anywhere inside the arena would be good.
Yeah, well I understand.
Like in between where they sell the hot nuts and where the game is.
Right.
And the game.
Okay.
My next question is Neil is I don't understand.
Or like on the back of the San Bode would be good.
You get a good view in between periods.
Not so much during the action, but excellent between periods.
I don't know the rationale that your company uses when they fire microneary.
You put them on a paycheck for the next six months or so.
Next 10 months.
Next 10 months.
10 months.
They just handed them in away and he was making a pretty good buck here.
And he's doing great on 10 months.
And now he's doing great on QAM.
Oh, he's not doing great on QAM.
He's on WMRZ and he's not doing great.
That's not the point.
The point is that they perceived that there was a problem, which there probably was.
But rather than knowing what they were going to do, they went into a big panic.
Oh, it's God.
We got to get them off and they paid them all that money and then they proceeded to screw the radio station up.
Instead of just saying, well, we got another year to go on a guy's contract.
Let's, we got all that time to sit back, figure out what great thing we're going to do.
And instead of doing that, they went into a panic and they screwed the whole place up.
And now they're doing the same thing again.
They've had all these months to figure out.
Well, they don't really want all news in the morning.
We better do something else.
We're going to start running.
And now they still don't know what they want to do.
They just don't know what they want.
Neil, have a happy new year.
And back to you.
Keep it up.
And the work too.
See you.
Bye.
Open line and date 751 and 2 and Broward where they have no opinions because there's nobody listening to this radio station anyway and Broward.
Unless we have something to give away to them at 5249463.
Come on, get off your dead ass for once in your life.
We're like at the crossroads here, man.
We're right at the edge.
We've come right to cross Creek.
We're right at the edge of the triple cross ranch here for our big new year's Eve gathering.
Why don't we have a new year's Eve party there too, okay?
For anybody who didn't get sick in pneumonia from the Christmas party, let's go back to the scene of the crime again.
And we can eat some of that leftover slot from the Christmas party.
That to make kind of epitomizes the mentality of this current regime here at this radio station.
Let's have a Christmas party out in the freezing blowing cold and get everybody sick and have everybody get real excited about it.
By the way, speaking of excited, Isia is back from vacation.
You should have seen her running down the hall.
Oh my God.
She's like a school girl.
The lovely Isia who works in a counting downstairs.
And of course deserves a purple heart for that because she works with Gary Mills in the same room.
But anyway, is a big, big major Luis Miguel fan and her husband's probably pretty psychotic about it.
And I am going to tell you when she found out I was going to that concert, she would like spaszing all over this room and going crazy and changing her underwear.
And so she just came back from vacation and I have her that autograph picture.
I mean, real personally autographed by Luis himself.
And she is just foaming at the mouth.
It is so moist and accounting down there right now.
It may rain inside the room.
Okay.
11 23 at WIOD and WSUN.
Don't miss the weekend magazine featuring the latest news, information, trends and what's happening this Saturday and Sunday morning right here.
WIOD.
Okay, don't burn those jokebooks in a quarter there.
Jazz is going to need those this afternoon.
11 27 at WIOD.
Let's burn one, baby.
We have an open line in Broward 5249463 and let's do a mobile in Tampa.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
About this run and ranting.
What is it?
That's it, there's running ranting.
Who are they?
Oh.
Just a joke.
Just a joke.
Go ahead.
A bad one.
Want to put them back on 95 Y&Fs in the morning?
Why don't they put us all back on Y&F now?
Wouldn't that make a lot of sense?
Well, since they bought WI&F, why don't they put Ron and Ron back on the morning over there, which is where they used to be.
Stick the rest of us on there, which we had a weekend.
We were like taking off like crazy, like a gigantic helicopter and just to really go with it.
That's what I was going to say.
Because there are a bunch of assholes, that's why.
Ron and Ron and the morning, then you had Rick and Sudden and Randy?
On FM, man, we'd have a 15 share in that market.
We would own it.
And we would own it.
We could wrap it up and put a bow on it.
Leave Lassiter and Drew and jazz and all of them, God, the name, the either topics and whatever.
Right.
And they'd go up against FLA and we'd have a good FM station again.
Now you're talking.
Sounds good to me.
You're hired PD, man.
I'll be right there.
Okay.
See ya.
I just don't have the enthusiasm for that.
You know what?
I got to like, I'm too old.
I'm an old fart and I admit it.
I'm not going to sit here.
I'm not going to one thing I will never do and I don't want to do.
If people start calling me hip or cool, which they never will, then I'm going to start getting nervous.
Because I'm an old fart and that's what I am and I'm not going to pretend to be the hipster.
Oh, you're really a hipster, man.
Maybe like 20 years ago, some guys were hipsters back when it was hip to like be running around with a bong chain to your bike.
And you know, crawling around on the ground and even all over your shoes.
But you know, times they are changing.
Here's the mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I got a very important question to ask you.
Okay.
How does that cap underneath the signs in the arena spin and follow that action out fast?
How is it operated?
How is it operated?
How does the what?
You know the little camera that hangs underneath the quick-click scoreboard?
How does it spin and follow the actions?
Somethings are trained to spin real fast.
Yeah, but who operates it?
I mean, how do they operate it?
If somebody is looking for a pair of glasses at the action?
Yeah, Drew Michaels.
Oh, somebody who knows how to spin real fast.
Okay.
Okay, that's my question.
Okay, I'm glad we got you the answer, pal.
I came to the right place.
Good luck to you.
Happy New Year.
See ya.
Open line and Broward, I enjoy doing that now.
I think I'm just going to start ripping off him.
It's Jazz Junior.
See ya.
Let's burn one.
Got some money for a 12 pack.
Give me some cigarettes.
Give me a lo-me-sum cigarette.
By the way, do you need a cigar, by the way?
Ah, guy like that smoking faggot's man.
I'd be kind of embarrassed.
Be putting faggot's in my mouth, Jazz.
Anyway, oh, speaking of that, look who we got here.
Off to join the Navy and seek his fortune.
How you doing, Dale?
Okay, Josh.
I don't know what I'm doing yet, so.
You know, man, it came to me.
I came to Flanagan's a couple of weeks ago on Ed Mundy night asking me for advice on his life.
And I said, just go join the Navy.
Where the village people take a lot of showers and don't drop the soap, pal.
That's my best advice.
Get that soap on a rope so you can hang on.
Thank you, Adam.
Adam just gave me something long and hard.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
It's a cigar.
And soft.
You're right.
It is very soft.
Well, anyway.
And kind of short.
Now, this is not slow.
And slow.
Now, I don't listen to Jazz.
Yeah.
I don't care about Jazz.
Well, you know, I'm not trying to manipulate the conversation.
It's like any day, whatever you want to talk about is fine.
But I am trying to elicit some honest feedback from the audience.
And they refuse to do it.
Okay.
And they're out of tune.
They didn't feel if I disagree with them that they're going to get a lot of crap, which they might.
But how can there be so many spineless people out there?
That's what really bothers me.
Why is it that almost everybody who calls any radio talk show feels that they have to suck around
or, you know, they're going to get a lot of crap?
I don't know.
And what if they do get a lot of crap?
What's wrong with that?
What's the big deal?
Do I ever suck around for crap?
Yes.
What did I suck around for?
I'll take you something.
You've probably sucked around in your time, man.
You're not kidding me.
I had it.
I picked out a hat.
I got a hat that was it.
That's right.
He got me a Neil Godhead.
He and sucked around.
Yeah.
That was the first time.
And we left it.
It was gone.
Yeah.
Well, after the first time, it's a lot easier.
But that's not why I called.
Yeah.
Well, let's get right to it, Josh.
Let's put out all his verbal foreflames.
You're right down to the meat of the matter.
You know on ESPN.
So what do you think of Mark Hamill?
Would you do it with Mark?
No.
I'm not talking about Mark Hamill.
Okay.
You think anybody alive would do it?
Maybe that's why it hangs around with all those little mechanical, like R2-D2?
Are you going to keep interrupting me?
Yeah.
Oh, good.
Then I'll make it harder for me to get it out.
Well, I'm trying to make it harder for you to get out.
All right.
Well, I thought it was it.
It's a revolutionized football.
You know how they all have all these fights?
We get mad at Brian Cox.
What?
I kick in people's butt.
And we get mad at Reggie White for getting all physical.
We get mad at Lawrence Taylor for breaking somebody's leg.
No, we don't.
We like it.
We enjoy it.
Right.
We end the brutal violence.
We love it, and we relish every second of it.
That's why in a hockey game, many tenders are fighting,
spite of all these pansies, and say, oh, let's get the fighting out of hockey.
It's disgusting.
In spite of that, every time there's a fight, people are spaszing all over each other,
and playing grab ass, and humping each other in the aisle, and getting really into it.
You hit my point right on the nose.
Right on the nose.
Uh-huh.
Right on the head.
That's what I want to do.
I want to, from now on, it's like somebody wants to get real upstarted in the football game.
Let them have that at the forefront.
Like they do in hockey, man.
Right.
Let them just stay back and let them go to it and do about three or four rounds,
and let them kick the living crap out of each other.
Right.
And it's basically the talent has been so diluted now that caliber of play is so marginal and so embarrassing
that most games in the NFL are pansy games.
They're pathetic.
So let's let them go out there and beat the living crap out of each other,
because maybe that's something they can excel at, especially Brian Cox since he can't tackle anybody.
Right.
And then if you get to really pissed off, let them sit out and see your series.
Right.
Exactly.
And we'll say, okay, now you can come back in, you drag through some game right all over your head,
you're a little uh-safe for now.
Let's-let's go back in.
I can throw it out again.
All your team gets mad at you again.
Right?
Yeah.
The same concept.
Exactly.
I think you-I think you hit on something there, you know.
Well, that's it.
That's it.
Okay.
See ya.
Two upper lines and brow are at 524.
See ya.
At 1134, WIOD and WSUN.
Tonight after Randy Rhodes, it's Don and Mike.
New stock radio 610.
Come on, WIOD.
I know that the Zord even loves Neil Rogers.
Hi everybody.
Welcome back to the countdown.
I'm your host, Crazy Casem, with a letter from a listener in Manudo PA that reads,
Dear Crazy, my friend and I have a bet going for $1 million.
In Madonna's video, Like a Prayer, there's an actor in the background that's burning on a cross.
Now, I say it's Arsenio Hall and my friend says it's Game Show host, BirdCombie.
Crazy, which one of us is right?
And it's signed, praying for a payoff.
Well, praying, both you and your friend are wrong.
It isn't an actor at all, but singer songwriter Tiffany, that's burning on that cross.
And an interesting side note.
They had a hard time keeping Fort Tiffany on the cross during the filming because she kept dropping down a couple of notches.
Let's listen.
When he called my name, I was going to...
Ah!
My daughter, give me up this crowd!
And there you have it with Donna, burning for another big hit. Thanks for the letter.
Until next time, this is Crazy Casem and remember to keep your feet on my face and your toes on my tongue,
so I could chew your nails with my teeth.
22 Tilden, you know what really pisses me off about the audience?
Is that they have these focus groups that they do, these people in management,
then they do their research and they do all this other stuff,
and they deal with like little tiny hands full of people and they make decisions on a programming
on our future and your future of listening based on input from a relatively tiny bizarre group of people.
And then when I come on here, which we do once in a great while like today,
and try to get people honestly and openly to expand,
you know God damn well that they're paying attention to getting the drift of this,
and they're like sitting back, especially in Broward,
when unless we're given something the way they're never going to call,
and you've got nothing to say.
And then they'll make some stupid bonehead move and everybody will be calling them and saying,
well see how the hell did they ever do that?
Don't they listen to the audience?
Here's Clearwater, hello.
What's up?
How you doing sir?
All right, so you want to hear about Cash McCall, huh?
Cash McCall.
Yeah, Cash McCall.
Yeah.
Well, I'd never listened to 620 after your show was over.
Yeah.
I just couldn't handle those guys.
And now I know what the advertisers are like on 620 from 2 to 6.
This guy is funny.
Yeah.
Oh, you got Ron and Rhonda coming on in the morning again.
Uh-huh.
So all this for Cash McCall in the afternoon.
Cash McCall in the afternoon.
But I was out walking to dog the other day in the football field,
and the guy made me laugh so hard.
Really?
I mean I fell down.
He was talking about fat girls.
This is something I like.
See, he talks about things that are appealing.
Like fat women.
Fat women, he was talking to some, some Julio from Miami said some about where,
where the fat women bars around here, the city bars.
Yeah.
And he said, yeah, there's a place right across the street from so and so,
and he was going on and on.
He said, they even got flour on the stage.
Just hilarious.
You never heard anything like this.
I just laughed to get Adam pissed off.
I love it.
But you know, you say things that appeal to a certain element.
A certain spectrum, certain element.
And people listen to hear those things.
Right.
Your Luis McGill really, really sucks.
Yeah.
Okay, when you talk about that, how much do I talk about that?
I play one, a record at the end of the show every day,
which could be by anybody, by the way.
And how much do we really discuss about that?
I mentioned that I gave EC a picture and she was dripping all over the,
uh, uh, counting room downstairs.
And that was basically it.
Okay.
But it's not something we have like long lengthy discussions about.
Well, there was a time when that's not what you talked about.
I mean, I'm not, no, get out of here.
When the hell was that?
You know, when you talk about those things with like the Miller was place lady.
Yeah.
That's exciting.
See here, another woman talking about you.
In other words, you're like a lawyer and you want to hear women talking about things
that get them off.
Like a woman yesterday, the one who called up the older woman.
Yeah.
Guys, he was on the verge of an emotional break.
Well, there you go, but she was talking about Luis McGill.
So in other words, it's not him that bothers you.
It's like if I'm talking about it, some fag is talking about it.
But if a woman is talking about it, then that's a turn on for you.
Yeah, but that's my point.
There's things that appeal and then there's things that don't.
And people just listen through the other stuff.
Yeah.
Well, of course, that's true.
Chad McKay is worldly.
He knows things he's been around.
Earthy, I think not worldly.
Earthy is the word you're looking for.
Earthy.
You know, and some of the other problems that I'm not going to mention Rick and Suz, but they
just don't really know what slime ball.
Yeah, there's no happening out there, but McKay is good.
Yeah.
And keep them around the blog.
Huh?
Well, listen, I want to hear these things.
I'm not here to argue with you.
I want to hear what the people think.
You know, but you got a point there about the bongs around and all this.
There are a lot of people around who do still do those things.
Oh, let me tell you something.
That stuff went out with Nickers, OK?
I mean, here's a guy who's living back in the 60s in the early 70s, OK?
So George has got a bong in the house, so right away he thinks that that's in.
I'm sorry.
I mean, maybe you got a little hash pipe somewhere and that's about it.
Forget about that with a bong.
The guy is trying to be like the Jim Morrison of the 90s.
Jim Morrison's been dead for 25 years already, OK?
But it could be an act, too.
I really don't think that somebody who smokes that much weed could be that sharp because
he's got a sharp wit.
He can't possibly be a stoner.
Yeah, he's probably a recovering stoner.
Yeah.
Can I ask you something else, Neil?
Go ahead.
There's a guy out there listening who doesn't have the co-hunters to call.
Yeah.
He's going to Vegas on the 11th of January.
Yes, sir.
He's looking for the good sports books out there.
Hilton Hotel, the best sports book in Vegas.
That's the place.
Hilton.
Las Vegas, Hilton.
And he wants to know about any good transvestite bars out there.
Tom, to call jazz.
Call jazz.
See ya.
See ya.
We have an open line on the green line.
What an hour getting into a man and Adam's getting really upset.
Why have you got such a thing with him?
You get into these tremendous conflicts with people.
Who was the last one that he had a big thing with?
Somebody that was here briefly.
Was it Drew?
No, somebody.
You had like a major countertops with here before.
Now it's jazz.
He's just like there at each other.
Hammer and Tongue.
And we still got two open lines in Broward, 5249463.
Because like I said, they have no input.
They have nothing to offer to this conversation.
And then in a couple of months they'll say, well gee, how the hell did this all happen?
We think it sucks.
Even though we have no opinion on anything, we think it sucks.
Here's South Beach.
Hello.
Crapy New Gears.
Yeah.
Hey, you want some honest feedback for it?
Yes, sir.
Okay.
This could be the first on his collar we had all day next to the last one.
I don't think so.
Anyway, my opinion is, I think jazz has potential.
But I think the station needs a new lineup.
Yeah.
I think this could work.
Well, they're working on it.
You could have slowly.
You could accommodate SUDs who's holding out as we know.
And I think these personalities are perfectly matched.
So I would suggest that we go against Ron and Ron in the morning with the morning ego show
with Rick and jazz.
And in that-
Rick and jazz.
Yeah.
And I don't think we got enough weed to supply both of them.
Well, what about this?
The afternoon buzz report with Ted and SUDs.
Yeah.
There you go.
I think this guy's got it.
Rick and SUDs and Ted and jazz.
They can just bring in bales in here, man.
Every time they get confiscated, like a couple hundred bales, they can just ship it right
over here in the morning.
Anyway, Neil, unfortunately, I have to go to Naples.
Yes.
Well, you're right about that part, unfortunately.
Have you been?
Have I been to one?
Not Rome, but Florida, Naples Florida.
No, I don't.
I've been through there real fast.
Well, which way would you go to the Tammy Amy Trail or on the 75?
Tammy Amy Trail.
What are you talking about?
How do you get over it?
Naples, you just go- you just shoot straight across alligator rally.
It goes right to tables.
What kind of map are you looking at?
I'm not-
I think you got something rolled up in that map, baby.
Yeah.
Okay.
I have a request too.
Yes, sir.
NYPD Blomy.
Okay.
See ya.
See ya.
Wouldn't want to be ya.
See ya.
We have an open line in day 751 and one in Broward and two on the green lines now.
They're a little slow today as usual.
We got some great stuff to give away here though.
We got some random snippy CDs.
And that's another thing with that asshole Daryl in there.
Oh, man.
What an idiot that kid is.
What a moron.
What is this new deal?
Every afternoon I hear- I mean, do they ever give us anything to give away?
If I give something away, it's got to be something that I got at home by mistake that I don't
want to- for myself or something that I paid for like the 200 hockey tickets.
But in the afternoon we got a new routine.
Oh, we got all this cheese to give away and we got a bunch of CDs and we got the chipmunk
singing up your ass at Christmas and whatever else that thing was.
What the hell was that?
But that's a derrolet work again.
Here's the mobile and Tamarack.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Do you want to feedback on jazz?
I think he's pretty good.
No, no, no.
I want feedback.
Period.
On what, you know, we're in the process here.
Management is analyzing all of this.
I would like to know what this audience would like in the morning and in the afternoon and
whatever else.
I think put that on.
Since I'm not going anywhere.
I'd say you got to be careful because you guys got a good thing going out with you and
Rick and Suds.
I like Rick and Suds after you and you got to keep in mind half of the Rick and Suds fans
aren't up so new in any way.
Yeah.
You can't really put that on the board.
What about the jazz people?
Put them on in the morning.
Somebody suggested put him on in the morning.
Those people are- they're just coming in at that hour.
He's proud.
That's true.
But he's a talent.
He's better than what you got now in the morning.
And what do you got to lose?
I mean, we're kind of- we're kind of- we're going on each got in the morning now.
So stick his ass on in the morning is what you're saying.
That's what I said and leave everything else the same.
Okay.
That's not all I got for you.
See ya.
Take her.
Open line and Broward, 524 and 2 on the green lines where they're just sitting back
waiting for a Ron and Ron.
And like I said, these people who are listening to us right now, most of them wouldn't know
Ron and Ron if you stuck them up their ass because basically we still have that AM audience.
That guy that called before about the Y and F thing.
Not only was he right but it just really, really frosted my ass when I think about it.
If they had any idea that they were going to make any kind of a bid or any effort to get Ron and Ron back.
Wouldn't it have made sense since they were buying W-Y-N-F and since they were gigantic on W-Y-N-F over there
to like put them on W-Y-N-F and like transfer this whole thing over there to FM.
It would have made all the sense in the world, right?
Yeah.
But not for us.
No, no, it's an FM baby.
We got to crank out the slush man.
Got to crank out the music because it's real cheap.
And we want to run those spots through there and make it into our jukebox cash cow baby because that's what Cox thinks about FM.
God forbid that we should put anything really entertaining and outrageous and amazing on FM because oh no, that's only on AM. It costs too much money.
10.40. 11. Oh God, don't say that. 11.47 at W-Y-D and W-S-U-N.
Beat.
Following sports talk 6.10. It's Randy Rhodes.
New stock radio 6.10.
Come on, you Y-O-D.
Yeah, he's really gunna, Bud Paxons really going to give up Ron and Ron.
It's the only thing he's got on any stage. He's got in the whole state that's got a number and he's going to give up Ron and Ron so they can come over here to I-O-D.
At a boy, Adam, you're really on top of it.
Anyway, here's today's tele jokes.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Don't start giving me these are for, uh, he's probably paying the big bucks for it.
That's why I can't afford to pack his cigarettes. Jazz is paying the big bucks for the tele joke.
Here's some of the good material you might hear later on today.
A 59-year-old British woman has given birth to twins. Doctors had to give her something for pain. She just got their bill.
Ha, ha, ha.
Princess Diana visited Washington, D.C. the other day. She was amazed at Congress and has a house where someone speaks.
See, I'm not too great about guys who got like joke books and like canned stuff and like, I'm into a little more spontaneous.
You know what I'm talking about?
But it could be just me. Here's North Miami. Hello.
How are you, Neil?
How you doing, sir?
I like jazz.
Yeah?
For the same reason that I like rickensuts.
Okay.
They're had their own material, their own show.
Mm-hmm.
Aren't they not a ripple for your show like a Randy?
Yeah, like what?
Like Randy.
No, Randy is not a ripoff of this show.
Well, I'm telling you my opinion.
Okay.
I think that she's just rickling around.
I listen to her all the time.
I don't, I don't hear that at all.
People say that because it's become popular to say that. I don't hear that.
Well, I hear that.
In what respect? Like what?
Everyone knows that Randy is ripping off your material.
By doing what?
By doing the farting, the o-the, whatever, you know?
How about all the farting?
Wait a minute. Speaking of the farting, how about all the farting at the beginning of jazz's show?
I had opened thing with all those little fart that goes on for like about a minute and a half.
What is that?
I mean, everybody on this station fart's a lot.
That's just a little thing that he does.
But he's doing his own show.
Yeah.
I don't know what's going on between you and Randy.
Maybe there's some filatio going on.
Yeah, we have a little something going on.
Basically, she blows.
Everyone knows it.
Oh, you just got through Sanat.
Everyone knows it.
And you know it.
No, I do not know.
And you just don't want to accept it.
No.
So in other words, you not only want to give me your opinion, but you want to make it my opinion.
I was at the says that is.
Yeah.
This is why you can't have a disagreement with somebody.
Because unless I agree with you, then there's going to end in hostility, is that it?
No, I'm just taking a cue from you.
Yeah.
Just want to come on the air and run from Ray like a shaken in a coupe.
Right.
That's why you listen to the show.
I just want to come on a rant and rave and manipulate everybody.
Yeah.
You want to even let me talk.
You say you want somebody we both to call you.
I'm listening to you.
I'm listening to you.
But I want to hear your opinion.
I don't want to have to you telling everybody else that's my opinion too.
Because it's not.
It is.
Okay.
Don't know who's coming on the air.
It's telling everybody what they're saying.
No, I don't want to hear about me either.
I want to hear what you think should be on a station.
Okay.
Don't start turning it into an attack against me because I don't agree with what you're saying.
If we have if freaking so is going to morning, those should die.
Those should disappear.
They'll die.
Okay.
No audience in the morning for a week and so.
Okay.
Well, what should we put on in the morning?
Okay.
They should get anybody over there on Randy.
Maybe they should get the power stern.
Power stern.
Power stern is not going on this radio station, sir.
I know that.
They're not going to put Howard Stern.
It's a Cox station.
Okay.
Cox.
Cox.
Okay.
They should get whoever in the morning.
Okay.
Well, that's a great answer.
Whoever.
I'll just put down in my little survey here.
Let me finish.
Up to mornings, whoever, afternoons, whoever, nighttime, whoever, and overnight, whoever.
Whoever's going to be pretty god damn busy, sir.
They should have jazz between eight and eleven and get rid of Randy.
We want something different.
We don't want somebody ripping off you.
Right.
You know, everybody who can say it.
I'll answer somebody ripping off the grease man and Howard and the joke book.
Yeah.
There you go.
At least not everybody knows who grease man is.
That's true.
That's true.
Everybody does hear, you know, it's like, what is it?
That is a good point.
If you're going to rip somebody off, rip off somebody who's not in the immediate market.
So that at least nobody knows who ripping them off.
Yeah.
That's a good point.
There's no way we can have you and they have Randy right after you.
Right.
The same crap.
You know?
Okay.
You know, Rick who says like the icing on the cake when they come on after you.
Different crap.
Different crap.
Right.
You know, and they talk about drugs.
So what's the big deal about Giazman-Kate talking about drugs?
Yeah, that's true.
They've been doing it for what?
Ten years already?
Yeah, but Rick said born again Christian.
He's not doing that anymore.
Just on the weekend maybe.
Well, being a born again Christian doesn't, uh,
necessarily keep you away from doing drugs.
Oh, is that it?
It's a natural thing, I guess.
In other words, it keeps other things out of your mouth.
Yeah.
Okay.
So let's get rid of Randy.
Okay.
Have something different.
J.A.R.K.
Or can you say stay in the afternoon, J.A.Z.T. night and whoever in the morning.
Yeah, you know, anybody who wants to do drugs can come in and listen to J.A.Z.T. and get burned.
Okay.
But Randy, he's just ripping you off.
Okay.
She's just ripping.
She's gone.
She's blown.
Okay.
Okay.
You wish.
See ya.
We have an open line.
It's indeed 751.
See ya.
And let's do a Fort Lauderdale on the side.
That guy was good.
He had it all right done.
Pat.
Fort Lauderdale on the star line.
Welcome to programming USA.
Yes?
How you doing?
I listen to jazz myself.
And I think he's really cool, man.
Yeah.
I want to follow a biker point of view.
Uh-huh.
And as far as I'm concerned.
What did we do from a biker point of view?
We can't look at radio programming from a biker point of view.
I mean, you know, they're just not that many bikers out there, you know what?
We've got the attitude and what it takes to make it, you understand, in this business.
There you go.
I think it's come from a professional himself.
A professional what?
A professional biker.
Oh, okay.
We got a Roman lago.
You know what I'm saying?
We talk our own language.
You understand what I was talking about?
I do understand.
Yeah.
And while as far as I'm concerned.
He should replace Rick and Suts.
Yeah.
Because he's got my day.
I mean, he makes me the rest of my day, but you'll be really cool.
Okay.
He's a real cool dude, you know what I'm saying?
okay
you know i've been listening to you for like ten years but i just don't like
fact that i thought that's right
i don't like him going to gay bars i don't do that myself
that's where picked up his wife
and
picked up his wife
well that is it let me ask you questions you got a fat wife
i'm not gonna start picking on his wife that would be better
he has a fat wife
uh... i'm not into fat women he's in the chubby women i would say she's fat
she's a little uh... chubby
i don't know if that's a good idea of that women little uh...
sloppy yeah i can't do a fat woman yeah
now she's a nice lady i'm not gonna start picking on the guys wife that's
grotesque
especially when they start part of the knowing i can't like that he likes
part in smelling the women who got like a little extra meat on her bones
that's a the can all be like uh... anorexic like at him
that's right that's i'm talking about
but uh... when he been at
but i think that's not what he's all right you know
he's okay
yeah but even that he got you know he's cool anyway
yeah he's
he's
it's a proper point of you think he's right on you know i'm saying
okay okay
see you
i
we have an open line on the sterile how's that cellular one line coming along by
the way how's that they work on that
yes they'll get that straight now to soon as they get Rick alpo's straight now
that's all gonna happen on the same day
uh... did i say we have an open line on the sterile and if you have bell
soft mobility hop on that baby right now because i think we're finally starting
to heat this thing up we're finally starting to get some true
analyzation
of what's going on over here now
and this is what we need is some input from the insiders here who know what
else going on because the people who operate this place they wouldn't know
a radio programming if somebody slid a manual up their ass
which they paid probably thirty forty fifty grand for some real high-intensive
research again
we're researching it we're digesting it we're chewing it we're spitting it out
we're chewing our cudd
and then when we get all done we'll screw it up so even some more
and of course anybody that would put drew michael's on the air and then turn around
and say oh i just don't hear that
i don't hear that he sounds real fe
has obviously got a real good ear for radio
here's a lady in Tampa hello
and he'll
hi
okay here's my thing i think we should have
jaz at night we're considered afternoons
you midday and how about christ baker in the morning
christ baker in the morning
why not
i heard it show the first time in a week and he's pretty good
uh... this is not a lady isn't no no it's a little kid i mean
young guy how old are you sir
i'm thirteen okay
yeah last time i was a woman
uh...
i don't call up jaz and have him tell you to start drinking a lot of whiskey
and smoking a lot of dope so that your voice changes okay
i'll do that
but start out slow
he's pretty good
there are the bar
there you go
you know something i think you finally hit on something i say jaz for
afternoons in Tampa would be a hell of a great idea he would do a twenty
share over there
all the blah blah put
huh
but then we get rid of the
yeah you write about that
i'm already kicked out there
not gonna have a good time here now
rickinson's are that's the only one thing that we will be no two things we know
ron and ron will be on the morning i w su and starting monday we also know
that starting monday last year goes to afternoon over there and rickinson's
are history in Tampa unless they play their tapes
unless they're going to play their tapes which uh... how do you you can't tape
a morning show and play it back it just doesn't cut it
well what
want to do from six to eight the first two hours of the rickinson show
right
or why don't they do the rickinson show on tape from six to ten at least the
times will be right yeah traffic may be a little screwed up at least the
times will be right especially since it's not even the traffic for the
see the problem is that they're going to be not only doing a morning show
but it's going to be in this market they're not going to be on live over
there so to replay the tapes of a show that's geared to what other market
i don't think cuts it
it's pretty mixed up but
i'll see you later next okay see you
open line and date seven five one and one on a greenie weenie line
south florida's news talk and entertainment station news talk radio six ten
w-i-o-d my amy fort lauderdale
