13 on the IOD Network.
1017, one thing I'll say about this ice cream.
It is so hard.
Because it's frozen and it's going to be great.
Thanks to Damon and his Pisons here, three of them.
Three guys, not one but three.
Bring us in just tons and tons,
and pikes and pikes and big containers of eaties.
Those are like what?
Those are half gallons?
I guess.
And we're going to have a good time with it.
And guess what Rick?
He had the balls to ask me yesterday to save him a pint.
We ought to do it out of spite.
Save him a pint of cookie dough and do something special in it.
If we got the weasel in the back room to do something special,
I don't even know the difference.
Now, is the reason that all those lines are lit up
because I have this talking head sand in your van felene thing?
It is?
Well, that's not right.
Well, we do have a couple of calls under before that.
The last hit around is Stan had some technical problems over there.
At what?
It sounds bad?
He's bad.
How about now?
Is that better?
Well, look, I can't be responsible for what's going on here.
If everybody would just cooperate and do this thing and be reasonable,
we wouldn't have to keep adjusting the thing and keep pumping up the remote control
with Kevin Dillon.
See, I remember that today.
How do you like that?
Mmm.
Wavy gravy line.
How's Wavy gravy line?
Do we have that in here?
So how's, um, now that's not in here unless it's under Davy?
One moment, please.
Davy Jones?
That's not in there.
So how's Davy gravy line?
How's that possible?
Is that under gravy line?
Boy, this thing's starting to really...
It's starting to get me aggravated.
They warned me.
They said, boy, don't get a, um, don't get a false sense of security with computers
because in the beginning it's like it's great.
No more searching, please.
Thank you, Dave.
Okay, let's do a lady in Fort Lauderdale who probably must want the CDs
because otherwise she wouldn't be calling me.
Hello?
Hi.
Hi.
I don't want the CDs.
Well, great.
And you actually called to speak to me?
Yeah, I did.
I can't get over this.
You could knock me over with a feather duster.
I just want to ask you, did you see on the news on Channel 7 a couple days ago
about the sanitary of people that were sacrificing animal rights in front of the reporters?
Right.
Don't you find that appalling?
I find it nauseating and revolting and a one guy that kicked out of the church.
Yeah.
They said too many animals.
I think it was like 19 or 20.
They said anything more than 15 we get upset about.
But you know what really made me stuck?
What's that?
The on?
That they had to show it on the news?
Not only they showed on the news, but all of these reporters stand by and watch it happen.
No, these people have no decent say.
What did you want them to do?
Start a riot?
Well, they could have done something to try and stop them.
Like what?
They could have grabbed the chicken?
Start a fight?
No.
They had that goat in their arm.
And the guy was trying to kill it.
The blade was too dull.
Oh, no.
They had to do it again.
They had to have a crowd of reporters and camera men there.
And they just stand there and watch it.
I mean, it is so hard.
God.
I didn't see.
I refused to watch any of it.
As soon as they put the story on, I like said not for me.
Yeah, I just, I mean, I find this sanitary of people disgusting to begin with.
Do you?
Absolutely.
Somebody needs to put a third throat.
Really?
Absolutely.
But to think that there's also regular people out there that will stand by and watch it happen.
Look, don't you understand?
The news people will stand by and watch anything as long as they can keep the tape rolling and get the story.
They don't give a crap.
Well, it's a sad, sad day.
It is a sad day.
You're right.
I spoke to one of them.
Can you explain to me why my bank was closed this morning when it's not a holiday?
No, I can't.
What bank?
Nation's bank.
Really?
It's closed.
Yeah.
I don't have any idea.
8.35 in the morning.
The drive-through is post-opened.
Maybe somebody will call and answer.
Yes, well.
Because I'm afraid that maybe my bank went out of business or something.
I don't think so.
Took off with all your money.
Yeah.
Well, not that much.
Okay, well listen, I'm sure a lot of other people are just as a p-o-d-s-u-r.
Yeah.
Well, thanks for talking to me.
I don't want to get your goat.
Have a great day.
Bye.
We have an open line.
It's in Broward.
If I didn't bring it like 100 of these CDs, but I don't have 100.
These are expensive.
This is a double set.
And who the hell would ever want this thing?
Life during wartime.
Girlfriend is better.
And she was.
Stay up late.
Road to nowhere.
Sacks and violins.
I wonder if a, huh?
It's all great stuff.
I don't like the talking heads.
I'm sorry.
Okay, I'm not into the talking heads.
You like it?
You're not getting it.
Because I'm not going to piss off these people on the phone.
I will put, huh?
You're going to give it to me.
What?
I'll borrow it from the person you give it to.
No, you won't borrow it from anybody.
How do you like that?
You got, did you watch FATSO yet?
That FAT rich brought you that tape?
You did?
You did not.
Well, so that's your next assignment.
Take Carol one thing at a time.
Oh, by the way, now before the saw start, it's melting.
And I noticed, you know, if there nobody came anywhere near here.
Just don't on me.
I'm sitting here and there's these three big Styrofoam containers with all the ice cream.
Nobody came anywhere near the room.
Now, is Animory working today?
Now?
Is she listening?
Because they brought some special spores, a spores with spores for, uh, to take a little taste buds.
Old Animory.
I have a lot of money, but I don't have a gun.
Oh, sorry, honey.
But now you have to go, uh, a spores spores.
They brought her E.D. spores just for Animory to tickle the, uh, ends of her, uh, thing.
So I hope she comes in.
I want people to come and eat the size cream.
Now I got my wavy gravy, which is starting to melt.
You really can't eat it until it starts getting like real room temperature and gets real, real soft.
Because when they first bring in it, it's frozen and it is.
It is so hard.
But now it's starting to soften up a little bit.
Mm-hmm.
Wavy gravy.
I'll do the same thing that Rick did the other day.
And really ingredients, toffee, cashews, Brazil nut, ice cream, with a chocolate hazelnut, fudge, swirl, and roasted almonds.
God is this, uh, incredible, unbelievable, indescribable.
So anyway, they distribute the E.D.'s and Ben and Jerry's and they brought like a bunch of each.
I don't see anybody coming in here for the ice cream.
I'm going to tell you this right now.
If you don't, then the Georgian are going to take it all home and put it in the freezer.
And you can all stick it where the moon don't shine.
At least take it and stick it in your name on it and put it in the freezer.
And I hope there would be a couple hours it might still be here all the way to some likely.
1023, by the way, somebody stole Johnny Darks.
Isn't that something on his ice cream too?
1023 on the IOD Network.
Yeah, I've been listening to your show since so much day one.
Yeah.
Because I heard you on your talking about your show.
How long have you been on the radio station?
Well, if you've been listening since almost day one, you do them now.
The Randy Road Show.
Tonight at 7 on Newstalk Radio 610, WIOD.
Update on traffic and the current weather forecast.
Like that's going to make a difference that you put a thing on there taken.
There's nobody else that's coming here anyway.
They must have hot 105 on the monitors today because there's nobody at, huh?
There's nobody in the building listening.
That one person is coming here to grab up some ice cream.
There are loads and loads of pints of ben and juries and eat these big, half gallons including eat these crunchy cone with chocolate cone pieces, peanuts and caramel caramel.
Oh, do I hate when people say caramel?
That gives me like goosebumps.
I can't stand when people say caramel, not caramel.
But however you pronounce it, it's incredible.
God, it's like it's like taking those drumsticks that I'm allergic to and chop it them all up and putting them in ice cream.
Would it be gross if I took a spoonful out of this thing?
Like that?
God, well it's about time somebody came up here and got some.
I'm fan, this is Jared.
Oh, how you been?
So anyway here, wait till you try this.
Crunchy cone, eat these please.
It's going to fall on the board and schmutz all over and somebody's going to get a very, very upset.
Thank you.
And the wavy gravy line.
And it's all, this is the best, the wavy gravy.
That is tremendous.
And you notice that there's a smourst thing there for anamaria because you said yesterday she wanted some more smores and spores
to a tickler taste buds or something like that but she hasn't made any movement.
I guess everybody's either paranoid or they're all in the hot 105.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal.
I don't know where to start.
Okay, at the beginning would be a good place.
Perfect.
Yes?
Darrell Whiffmore.
There's got a lot of pictures.
Did I give him the right name or what?
Unbelievable.
Whiffmore, I told you.
He whiffed more than anybody I ever seen.
I mean, I don't know if it's because he's the last two games, okay.
He faced Abraham Hague and Tanae.
Tanae has his number.
He had no chance against Tanae.
He got that weak base hit the ninth inning.
Which, okay, maybe that'll help him.
Did you hear it, Jared?
After the outcome was over, like arrested got there.
When the game was already decided, then arrested comes up, gets ahead.
Like I said, I don't know where to start.
Between the two of them, okay.
Yeah, Whiffmore.
And how about Henry Cotto and that nice fielding plan setter field again?
Henry Cotto, I mean, I don't play Henry Cotto.
He may not be good, but he's consistent.
Every time the ball gets near him, he boots it.
He's marginal at best.
And not only is he marginal, he's old.
Did you see him when he took his house?
The guy's bald.
32 going on 40.
Jesus.
I don't know if they'll understand what the rush was to dump Maggadon.
Well, that's the...
That's the conversation that we're all having is what was the big rush.
Okay, he was discredible, so you sit him down and you work things out.
You give him a little try for his base.
You sit the big zero down for a while and you work it out.
You try a share field and right field who wanted to play right field.
But instead of that, they rushed into this whole thing.
They screwed the whole team up.
They turned it upside down.
And in spite of the fact that we got share field, I still say we had a better match.
And the other team a week ago, then we got today.
You want to know the fight thing about it.
Everybody says, oh, Tom Browski built the expo.
What did he build the expo too?
They never made the goddamn playoffs.
Well, they got some good young players, but as far as winning anything, you're right.
He didn't build the expo.
Now he built the expo for the last five or six years.
And they haven't had a damn thing.
Who cares?
You know, something, the whole thing is frustrating.
You sound a little agitated, I mean, sir.
I'm a little agitated.
The fact that we lost two in a row to a team that hasn't won two in a row since April.
In two months.
That played like 70 series in a row and never won two consecutive game until they played us.
Let me ask you that.
It wasn't bad enough.
We lost that frustrating game the other night when we made two great comebacks.
That wasn't bad enough.
But then to get blown out last night and look and we looked like the real a marginal team last night.
We looked like the expansion team and they looked like a real team.
And how we make them look good beats me.
That is not easy to make the best look.
Because their lineup still is for all these guys that nobody ever heard of before.
They got Coleman and Bonilla and Eddie Maria.
How the net nobody ever heard of any of these people.
And the one way because they are not going to have it.
Maybe because his daddy played for the cup.
A part of it, I mean, between Bogar and what's the other guy's name?
Jeremy, I don't know what his name is.
Who's the other guy?
The guy with these two earrings in the long hair that looks like a...
I don't know what the hell he is.
Yeah, he used to work at GTR that guy.
Let me ask you, where did they come up with a stat that the met of not one two games in a row since April?
Yeah, but then they look back and they find out that the team hasn't won two in a row since...
You know what I'm saying? They come in 70 games that hasn't happened in 1920.
Where did they come up with these things?
What do you mean where they come up with them?
They had a lot of time on their head.
Yeah, apparently.
That's what baseball is all about, it's statistics.
I don't... first of all.
Don't you understand the official score like Sonny sits up in here and in between courses of food that they keep bringing to me?
The official score comes up with this, Chris.
I just don't understand what the rush was to dump Maggity.
I mean, don't... just try to... not only...
He blows.
He blows.
He ought to put him out of bus... put him out of bus to Japan.
Well, he'll be out of pocket.
Got to feel better getting it off my chest.
Okay.
Well, wait, wait.
It's going to get worse, yes?
And we better not get swept tonight.
If we lose tonight, boy, there's going to be a long-yum Kipper weekend.
Let's tell you that.
I am definitely going to that game tonight.
I'd like to see Good and Pace.
I'd like to put Kelly Shepard and Arresta's distraught on the same bus to Japan.
What's the problem with Shepard?
I don't even want to go into it.
He's a master of disaster.
If he can't win it, he wants to make sure that nobody else can either.
Knocking people down out there just... his... his... his on track behavior is so aberrant and unacceptable
that I'm surprised that somebody hasn't beaten the living crap out of him yet.
The stuff he pulls out there on a racetrack is nauseating and the just grotesque and he makes me puke
and I wish he'd go back to Toronto and stay there.
Have a great day, pal.
Just absolutely outrageous.
If I can't win it, I'm out here to make sure that somebody else don't.
And he makes sure.
We have an open line. It's in Broward 5249463.
Here's Pombi Chiloh.
More and Uncle Liam.
Yes, sir. Welcome to a great Thursday,
a long 85 day holiday weekend.
I was just going to comment on how interesting your Thursday was starting off.
Yeah, with ice cream.
Exactly.
I know that you're going to get about 1500 calls about the Milo and the Games.
So I'm going to kind of stay away from that.
I know the game blew out.
You're going to steer away from it?
Yeah.
And I know that I'll leave that up to somebody else.
Okay.
But while you were at the game, why lie soon, you were at the game?
What, last night?
Yeah.
No, I was at the track watching the game.
Oh, oh, oh.
Well, you probably didn't get a chance to see what was on the news last night.
No.
It's about this TV violence crap.
Yeah.
Did you see anything about that?
No, I heard the story that they're going to put voluntary disclaimers on there, which is pretty amusing.
Well, not only that, but the four major networks, the head guys.
The head guys.
The head guys.
They got on the air.
It is so hard.
Tell me about it.
They got on the air last night.
And they were saying that, oh, well, you know, we really kind of pushed the limits to TV.
And children are just watching and watching.
We just can't have that.
But who is that?
And who are they?
And who is the Congress to make all this crap up?
That, you know, who says that a parent can't come over?
Turn off the...
Hey, exactly.
They sit up there in Washington and they start making all these threats.
They bring the executives in.
Exactly.
And they start making all these threats like somebody empowered them to censor what material is on.
Well, I mean...
Just like this bit about language on radio.
It's the same thing.
Who the hell...
Who the hell ever told them that they had the authority to decide that they were going to be the censors for public taste?
It's a bunch of shots.
Exactly.
It really is.
I mean, who are they?
They just sit up there and play.
Well, they're a bunch of shot heads as who they are.
The goddess with our channel changers.
Right.
I mean, it's...
And of course, they're doing it because they're pandering so desperately to what the goody-touches
use, this family values crowd out there who, you know, want to repress everybody so they can do all their stuff behind closed doors.
Well, they still have a little bush left.
Yeah.
Yeah, they're still to speak, yeah.
Still bushed out.
But, uh, in closing, I'd like to wish my Mr. Tracy a happy birthday.
In fact, I noticed with all the screw-ups, you have to wonder if there isn't just a little bit of bush left in the White House.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
Have a great day.
In closing, yes?
Chammels request.
Yeah.
Uh, I can't get over the Larry King phone call without the boss, but...
Okay.
I just want to hear the whole phone call.
Okay.
Thank you, I agree.
Bye.
Okay, we have an open line.
It's on the green line, 1-800-944.
Have some ice cream, Greg.
Come on.
Have two or three gallons.
Well, I got it off of it to anybody that shows up.
I bet Jake would like some ice cream.
Huh?
He's going to have to come in here and get it for himself.
And the ice cream, too.
And anybody else, I've never had this experience.
I think the whole Rick and Suds thing the other day just has soured everybody in the building on the ice cream deal.
Because as much as they want it, they're so terrified of the whole thing that happened.
See, we want to share.
We want to spread it around.
Now Bob Green and Cheryl were up here hopping up tons and tons of good stuff.
And then we were all in the title.
Take all you want.
Everybody.
Come and get it.
But don't take anamory as four as please.
Because she wants to share those with Randy.
The wavy gravy is the absolute best.
Did you have that yet?
The best ice cream, huh?
I put a little paper on it.
The best ice cream in the history of the human race is Ben and Jerry's wavy gravy.
It is just, uh, oh, to die for and from.
It's 1037 on the IOD network.
I just noticed something that in one of your interviews with John Candy,
I believe it looked like an older interview.
You had less hair than you have today.
How do you explain that?
I, uh, don't wear a wig, sir.
Paint your bald spot.
More bald spot.
You paint your bald spot?
I know what you're talking about, sir.
My hair grows.
You paint your bald spot.
I don't have a bald spot.
How come you had less hair on the tape?
Maybe my hair grew.
Maybe I had a bad haircut that day.
You paint?
By the way, something.
What do you care?
Paint your bald spot.
I don't.
Do you paint your bald spot?
Paint your bald spot?
I'm sick.
All right, this is Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rockers.
Okay, 1041 at WIOD.
We finally got some of our ladies to come in and start hopping up the ice cream.
It's about time.
And, uh, they ain't by take the wavy gravy.
You've never tasted anything like that.
Try one of those.
Those are just, I'm serious.
I've never in my life had anything this outstanding in my mouth.
I mean, this is just the die from and for and about.
So, where's Jake?
Anyway, it's 1041 at WIOD and thanks again to, uh, what was his name, Damien?
Okay, and get your hair straight.
Now, will you please?
Her hair, every, she's like a chameleon.
Every day, her hair is like a different shade of orange.
Old carrot top.
I don't know what she's doing.
Anyway, let's do Miami.
Hello.
They were hanging.
God.
Yeah.
A Metz fan.
Yeah, you guys are really the best.
As a matter of fact, that's one thing I should have done at the very beginning of the day.
But we have a little bit of a problem.
My fault operator error make no mistake about that.
Where's the thing, uh, huh?
Come on.
Boy, really off to a bad start with my computer or a technique today.
The Metz.
Oh!
But made up for it there.
Okay, let's go to, uh, yeah, you guys are really doing it.
The Metz, they've won two in a row.
A hallelujah.
Here's a punk in the Gables.
Hello.
Punk is gone.
Punk's long gone.
Here's, uh, Fort Myers.
Hello.
Neil.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How good of it?
Where are they on the air today, Fort Myers?
Yes, we are back up and on the air.
Well, congratulations, Tony Allen.
I knew you could do it.
You knew you could pay that electric bill?
They said they were up all night working on it.
Now bet.
Yeah.
What was that chocolate you had the other day that gave you the trot?
It is so hard.
That was sorbitol.
Sorbitol.
Maybe a new flavor for Ben and Jerry.
Mm-hmm.
I'll pass on that.
Or I'll pass with that.
Uh, Neil, I don't want to suck around too much.
I would love to have the CDs.
Would you?
Yeah.
Okay.
That's going to make all the other lines go out now.
Sorry, I need to do it, do you?
Why is that?
Um, I offered it.
That's true.
I just like the ice cream.
We've got gallons and gallons and pints of ice cream in here.
This is the hardest.
I've ever had the big for people to come in here and get some free goods.
I don't understand.
There's one in here that I just saw.
An 80s of big, oh, I guess they took it.
Cherry something with the cherry.
It was just beyond belief.
80s, didn't see one of the chocolate peanut butter cookie dough.
That's a Ben and Jerry's, of course.
Chocolate chip cookie dough, which rick wants me to say for him and I won't.
Well, maybe I will.
Maybe I'll have to because nobody else is going to take it.
Just build him called arteries clogged.
Exactly.
Well, a pint of ice cream ain't going to kill me.
You know what I'm saying?
That's true.
I mean, if I am mind my peas and cues the rest of the day, this isn't going to kill me.
Definitely.
Well, listen, hang on and enjoy it.
And George will get your shoes sized and stuff.
Thank you.
Okay.
Okay, that's gone.
So that'll take care of clearing out the lines.
We don't want to have too many calls on a holiday weekend.
I can't believe we have any calls.
I was driving to work this morning and I thought, boy, get that computer just loaded up
because it's going to be grim and slim and none because there just was no traffic at all.
It's this long 75 day holiday weekend, which more power to you.
Just don't blow yourself away with all those fireworks.
I get to, I love seeing fireworks.
I think almost everybody loves beautiful fireworks.
They're like exciting.
It's great.
Well, if there's anybody who deserves some ice cream and cheering, right?
She said, I don't know.
Well, I said yes.
So take like, and by the way, the real, now do you like eaties or Ben and Jerry's better?
Both.
Well, take three of each.
There's some like beautiful, oh, there's Wavy Gravy.
That's, oh, you'll die when you try that.
The best.
And there's a bunch of Ben and Jerry's on the end there too.
Anyway, here's a mobile in Fort Myers.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What time did you leave the track last night?
What time did I leave after the last race, 11 o'clock?
Did you happen to hear any of the 10th inning shot?
No.
On the way out?
No.
It was great.
The Gack, isn't it?
The Gack, you doesn't have the 10th inning shot?
Yeah, right.
The Gack, he...
That's because they know everybody's going to go to bed at that hour, so they figured it's a good way to start.
I was on my way home and the first...
Here's the Gack, he sucks, okay?
Sorry.
The first three calls he got were...
Maggaten supporters.
The supporters.
Great.
He was...
You know how when they have a press conference for the president and he goes,
well, we'll talk about everything but that, no, and then he gets 10 questions about that.
Right, right.
Exactly.
He was like, please, anybody but Maggaten, people were calling in, he was so frustrated.
Why is that?
He wasn't self.
Because he gets one phone call and he can tell he's frustrated.
He can tell he's...
So in other words, he's become a complete shield because they carry the games over there,
so he doesn't want to tell the truth.
Exactly.
Well, here's what he said.
He said, well, why did they get rid of Maggaten and get nobody in return for him?
And he goes, well, that's what the...
Their goal was to put the best team on the field and that's what they felt and that's the best team
that they could put on the field and their plans didn't include Dave Maggaten.
And he hangs up and you can tell and it's very neck-
Joe, you are an asshole, Joe.
And by the way, CCA, I don't even know so to five to three last night.
I wonder if the...
What Maggaten did.
Maggaten was one for four.
He's hitting 385 in the three games.
He also had a walk, so he was on base twice.
He scored a run and they won five to three.
Against pitching has never faced before.
Right.
In a league he's never played it before.
Exactly.
What are you gonna do?
Hey, one more thing now.
How come I've never seen Rush Limbaugh and Lloyd Lindsay Young in the same room?
Same type.
Well, think about it.
Have a great day.
Hello!
Larnas!
We have an open line in a day, 751 and one on the green line.
So, Maggaten gets another hit and a walk.
He's on base twice.
His team is winning.
In fact, let me take a look at the standings.
I don't know what happened elsewhere.
Look at that.
Oh, gee, Seattle's only two and a half games behind the first place
fading fast white socks, who must have caught something from the tigers
as in like fade out of it disease, falling like a rock.
So, Maggaten's over there with a winning team.
He's with his godfather.
And then, of course, that this good and who's gonna pitch against us tonight,
do I?
You are a real goofball.
You hear the thing that he's all upset because he's Sheffield's uncle allegedly
by way of third cousin or something.
So, he's all bent out of shape because the Mets didn't make any effort to give Gary Sheffield
as if they have like more money to pay him some astronomical amount next season
to add that they're already bulging gigantic biggest in baseball $40 million
payroll that's netting them still like 10 and a half games behind us.
I mean, these guys are just the biggest bunch of loudmouth primadanas, just the pathetic.
But I will say this, the big zero did make a beautiful play at first base
their last night.
That was my favorite.
And almost as good as the one made by our center fielder Henry Cot.
Oh!
After Chuckie injured himself again.
And by the way, another incredible play by Chuckie Car instead of your last night,
Bad Ribs and All, an incredible play before he re-agribated his injury.
This kid is just a dynamite.
It's a 1048 on the IOD network.
First make it a free call by Diling Star IOD.
Now, the Neal Roger Show on U-Star Radio 610 WIOD takes forever to get that taste
and smell out of your system.
It's a study in Huckstuffing Taylor.
Who's that?
The chilling story of a deaf woman alone and afraid.
And the killer she'll never hear coming.
What more does it feel long?
A ketamine award when a mali makeloon starts in here no evil.
A thriller so frightening it'll keep you.
So frightening it'll keep you.
Is anybody out there?
On the edge of your-
I can't believe it anymore.
Wally, I'm talking.
What?
We're doing a commercial.
A commercial.
A commercial.
We're doing a commercial.
I can't hear you.
I can't hear you.
I can't hear you.
I can't hear you.
I can't hear you.
Don't miss Miley makeloon in here no evil.
What you can't hear could kill you.
And what you can't hear could screw up a really good commercial.
Okay, so Annamaria got hers.
And she's all excited about that.
She got her smores, her E.D. smores, like a half a gallon of it.
And also we got to thank Vinny Ignacio and Mike, the boys at Bravo,
and also Risturante, who are like in Lighthouse Point, 2486 North Federal Highway,
in Lighthouse Point, Bravo, Risturante, Pizzeria, and Salumaria.
What the hell is that?
Salumaria.
But anyway, they sent over some great past of a jewel and George is eating it now with his cold.
Yeah, I'm glad you're enjoying it, okay?
I said, no, I don't want that right now.
And George said, okay, I'll eat it because I'm very sick and he keeps sticking his tongue on everything.
And say, oh, by the way, I'm sick and I have the flu.
So don't anybody else have any of this.
And then Jake came in here and got some, but I don't want to go into that.
So anyway, here we are at 1107.
Thanks again to our friends from Ben and Jerry slash E.D.'s.
Damon, Damon.
I can't see, I can't say that because there's nobody named Damon.
Is there?
There is? That's like a real name.
I keep feeling like I miss, but like it should be Damien.
Damon?
Damon.
They call him Damon for short.
Did a great job.
We appreciate it.
Not that I was jealous or anything.
I just don't like being slided by our friends, by people that we love and that wavy gravy
who's worth the going through the whole exercise.
And by the way, Rick, there's none left.
Sorry.
Here's Kendall on the star line.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Pretty good.
Good.
Well, I'm kind of excited.
I'm listening to you since the last days of beta.
And I've never had a reason to call till today.
And today is the reason, okay?
Yeah.
So I got a first of all Ben and Jerry's ice cream.
Have you ever had their frozen yogurt yet?
No.
The best.
Yeah.
Is it?
Yeah.
There were some of that in here too, but I opted for the wavy gravy and I'm not sorry.
I made the choice.
You like coffee and almonds?
No.
Yeah.
Oh.
Oh, I'm getting like chills just thinking about it.
I am.
It's actually really great.
Anyway, this morning, either that or I'm starting to go into a diabetic coma, which is a good
possibility, but boy, what a way to go.
Chances are, but like you say, what a way to go.
This morning, I'm listening to about 10 to 9 driving to work.
And I'm like, I guess it's sunny.
And I'm sunny hers from your Marlin.
Oh, I heard that.
Yeah, I heard that.
I died.
That was beautiful.
It was the best.
And I'll tell you one thing, we cheer be doing a hell of a lot better job than having Joe
Zagaki on the post game show trying to be a shield.
We wouldn't be doing that.
Yeah, but some things will never change.
Correct.
It doesn't matter what station he goes to.
Some things will never change.
So that's it.
I just wanted to touch on the Ben and Jerry's and the sunny hers thing.
And the only other thing is my father-in-law who is a closet match fan right now because of
the Marlin.
He's opening his mouth.
He says he's going to bring the broom to the game tonight.
Good.
I hope he finds a good place to put it.
Sorry, I just want to say one thing to him.
You are a douchebag.
Okay.
Goodbye.
So yeah, maybe he can either fly away with it or stick it in the orifice.
We have an open line in Broward 5241 on the Star Line star IOD.
What is this exercise show that I'm watching right now?
Which is sure better than anything else.
We have really been sorely lacking in flash shows lately.
And then I heard Rick the other day talking about how the Spanish stations are the ones
that have the good flash on there.
Did you hear that?
Better late than never, Rick.
Although they got some horrendous.
Look at who is in that Tomas pseudo intellectual espanyol on the left.
Are you watching on 44 not this guy, but the guy on the left.
What is his name?
Is that Tomas Regalato or one of those Ojón provocateurs from no speaking English radio?
Come on, we don't want to see this geeky guy here with a glasses.
I want George to tell me who this other guy is because I recognize that push and he makes
me very, very, very upset.
Because he's one of those traditional Ojón, see the guy there?
Who's got his picking his nose?
That's Tomas Regalato?
That's not a, that adult guy.
That guy.
Who?
A Delgado.
Delgado.
Gado Del Sol.
He's whoever you're thinking about.
Bill Gado who wrote the TV radio column in the hero of the other day.
That ain't who that is.
What am I asking you for, for crying out loud?
Bigot?
Anyway, let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How you doing?
I think the reason that they got rid of negative is because Dave's and Ralphie owed
a negative came here to play every day and when they got shutt off, he couldn't play every
day.
Why not?
Why couldn't they, why couldn't they put Cheffield in right field since we don't have a right
field or he wanted to play?
He just wants to play outfield.
He just wants to play outfield.
Well, in Latin, well, then they messed up.
And how about first base?
Maggot was originally a first baseman.
Oh, yeah, he wrote it.
It was him.
The big zero.
Would you rather have him at first or at the big zero?
I'd rather have negative.
There you go.
Who's sitting 385 in the American League?
Oh, my other thing.
Um, do you get your show on Pennsylvania?
No.
You don't?
Okay, because I'm going up there for a few weeks.
Well, take some tapes.
It'll keep you company.
I think I will.
Have a great time.
All right, you too.
See you.
We have an open line in day at 751 on the Green Line.
By the way, I told you that Ben and Jerry's gives me an instant, um, I can't say it.
Oh, that's it.
Or I could have said, Scorch, Scorch, that too.
So any minute now, if you hear like a whole bunch of stuff like running together,
I guess that wasn't a good choice of words.
If you're a whole bit of a bunch of, you know what I'm talking about.
12 minutes after 11 on the IOD network.
Pizza man doesn't get in.
Morning news.
Weed day mornings right here.
You saw a radio station.
You got a new IOD.
Oh, Anna Maria says she's like a magnet, man.
She's just one of those sexual beings.
I dig her like crazy.
I love her mind.
I love everything about her.
I love her big bounce of her breath.
I don't know what it is.
Anna Maria.
We want to see you.
Summers that just don't quit.
And it's warm where you see.
All of us for Nikai is fond of size.
That your by we've been my honey.
Who you to see.
It's who you are.
Anna Maria.
So she's like a magnet man.
She's just one of those sexual beings.
I dig her like crazy.
I love her mind.
I love everything about her.
I love her big bounce of her breath.
I don't know what it is.
Yeah.
See, I figured I'd better play it twice there.
Better play it about a hundred times today because if I leave it around, it might
just disappear.
It might walk on here.
Anyway, it's 1117.
Randy, by the way, is doing a show from our house this Saturday.
I have no information about that.
Also, we have a big thing coming up this Sunday and I have no information about that.
Do you know anything about it?
Chuck's been promoting it because he's involved in it.
But the rest of us thank you so much.
The rest of us know nothing about it.
We have like a big good July 4th, the bash and Randy and Chuck, I think, are involved
in that thing Sunday.
I don't know where is it at Bayfront Park.
It is, we think.
We don't know.
We have nothing on this.
And far be it for me to start attacking Halcyon who did eat a lot of ice cream.
But it would be nice for us or a boy Kurt who also weighed a lot of ice cream.
But it would be nice to have a little info on this stuff.
So, I mean, it's great that Chuck is promoting it, but Chuck's got a small select audience.
By the way, Chuck did a very nice thing here today.
In fact, I like that morning show a lot more now than I ever did before.
I think Chuck is gone.
Don't you?
Chuck brought Jake in here.
They have the same here, do I notice?
Did you notice that?
Chuck is a little bit on the grayer that was.
But they have like the same barber, I guess.
They could both use a little trim.
Anyway, here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Listen, I haven't been listening to like half our 4th, 5 minutes.
Did you go to game last night?
I know I watched it on TV though.
It was very depressed.
Okay, well, I'm becoming using your words psychotic.
Oh, join the club.
We've had a lot of people who are very psychotic and very upset.
And PO'd.
I'm a seasoned ticket holder.
I've gone to approximately 80% of the game.
Yes, great.
Every game that I've gone to, the fans have been super nice.
You know, the opposing team, everything else.
Last night up in my section, there were two fights alone.
Oh, and probably some met fans up there again.
Welcome to Miami, the Met Fan.
Well, how about on the field last night,
there were about like three almost all their occasions,
the Chuck E. Car thing.
And then Armstrong got into a big thing with, with a Lonsman.
And then the Met's all came out on the field of one time
when they threw a Chuck E. Car.
And then there was another thing later on.
And it was like right on the edge.
And it also happened with Benito a couple of times
in the two games so far.
If this was the way people in New York are,
tell them to stay to hell up in New York.
Exactly.
And also one last thing was the fact that the,
when you were talking about that,
these people, there was one met's fan up there,
yelling and screaming.
But one of the guys in the section just very politely
pulled out the newspaper and says,
is this the same team that's 28 games behind in first place?
Right.
And the guy shut up for 10, 15 minutes.
But I just want to tell the met fans,
if you want to fight, go to help back up the New York.
The only other crowd that was almost as rowdy
was the Philadelphia people.
But I think that's the sixth burrow anyway.
So, yeah, just tell them to go back up the New York.
Tell them to burrow their way back where they came from.
Please.
Okay.
Bye.
Excellent.
See, there's all kinds of reasons
to be a psychotic and aggravated.
But we're still putting 40,000 and more
in a ballpark for every game.
And we'll have a big crowd there again tonight
as we hope that Charlie mose him down.
Well, moe him down is not the way to like knuckles him down.
Old knuckles.
Let's take a call a portable phone in Tampa.
This ought to be good.
Hello.
Yeah.
How you doing, man?
Okay, sir?
This is your pie's on in Tampa.
Do you get ready to go to Daytona?
All right.
And I just have to call you.
Charlie, you're all fixing tonight.
Yeah.
Man, you're always bashing all Charlie,
but he's the greatest.
He's the best.
He's the best.
They don't come any older than Charlie.
They don't come any older than Charlie.
And I want to call somebody a doochback.
Yes, sir.
Mike from Route 5.
He's a Mr. Lurin.
He got it more on.
Flaken to pay.
And I'm just going to pass on you.
But I can't do it.
Can't do it.
I know you just can't bring yourself to do it.
Have a great life.
Well, get out of here.
Get a life.
We have an open line on the green line.
By the way, for my for my ears, what am I laughing about?
Because it's funny.
That's why they're off the air again.
They got back on here at midnight last night.
And we were on for a little while.
And then all of a sudden the power got struck by lightning.
Just a little while ago and they're off the air again.
So I'm I've concluded that there must be a God somewhere.
Because if anybody deserves to be off the air a lot,
it's W W C N and Tony Allen and Tony Baldi J and it hold a group
of a mystery and so they can't even get their facts machine working right.
Not that George is upset about that,
but he's getting sick and tired of that.
I'll tell you that right now, Tony.
He thinks that you guys are a bunch of idiots and group balls and you make him
sick and want to puke.
You just if you just leave us alone and just steal our material in the program,
we'd all be a lot happier.
Here's Dave the cop.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Gravy Davey line.
How are you?
Pretty good.
Listen, the big out really sucks.
I mean, we gotta get rid of that.
The big out, that's a good one.
Big out.
And are you still giving up on the cardinals or am I maybe I'm right?
No, as a matter of fact, the Phillies look right for the pickings.
Is there you were telling me that crap a couple of weeks ago?
And I said, I think you're getting a little carried away,
but the Phillies are sliding on it.
With all the barbecues going on in the next week and right.
Croc could be like watermelon man in about 10 days.
By this dire stuff.
Yeah.
Anyway, with all the cards coming on,
I think you need one from the police.
Now, some of the jargon we use would be a three-letter one,
QRU, which means okay, it's not like God,
but here we go anyway.
A Neil, QRU.
No, good for the card, man.
Beautiful.
You're gonna down the pigs.
You got up the pigs too.
You know what I'm saying?
I know what you're saying.
You'd be good.
Alright man.
See ya.
Boy, we are just, we are cop intensive on this show.
And I don't want to pour water on his parade,
but I do want to a word to the wise or unwire
should be sufficient this weekend.
They're not only gonna be looking for you going two miles
an hour over the speed limit,
but they're gonna be doing that seatbelt stick again.
That's right.
They're gonna be playing that game again,
pulling you over to the right.
Exactly.
George says you number one, guys.
And I wear one.
And I don't and I won't under any circumstances.
Okay.
It's just when you're big and fat and you're wearing it
and you're driving a beautiful Corvette.
You want a little freedom there.
You want to be able to reach over and put your arm on
Jake Scholder and say,
good job today, a pal.
It's just a little joke.
He, and I, isn't that something that Chuck had to bring him in
here though that he had in other words,
he had to come in here with a security blanket.
Now he'll work his way up to the day when he comes in here alone.
And then he'll be sorry.
It's 1123 on E.I.O.D. Network.
Come on you I.O.P.
Hi.
This is Jim.
Love your show, Neil.
Love you.
Love you.
That was so weak.
I'm almost embarrassed.
Oh, and it's fine.
Oh, my God.
It goes crazy when it's bad.
When it's bigger, it's better.
Yeah, it's my hand.
It touched my chest.
Oh, and it flew.
It ruined my best.
It came out of my jeans and into my life.
Oh, how it makes me feel fine.
It's 16.
Oh, beautiful.
And it's mine.
Oh.
Let me tell you something.
We ought to play that one more time.
You know what that Jim thing?
Every time he redid that,
out of the kindness of his parts,
that was so bad, Jim.
Hi.
This is Jim.
Love your show, Neil.
Love you.
Love you.
Oh, God.
Man, you can just see the feathers falling up.
Can't you?
In fact, we had a few of them up here this morning.
It's 1128 at WIOD.
Here's Dania.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
This is David.
Hi, David.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
How's the mornings doing today?
The one?
The morning.
What does that mean?
The mornings.
Because I heard the one yesterday.
And yesterday I heard.
You heard the one yesterday?
Sunday.
You heard the one Sunday.
Right.
You heard the one?
Yeah.
And I heard.
You heard the one by the Vogue's,
we don't have that.
Maybe joy will play for you this weekend.
We have an open line in Broward,
524.
If anybody thinks I'm talking to somebody of that,
missing that many bricks, they're dreaming, okay?
Call up it too.
Rick will talk to you for a while.
By the way, Rick, I'm sorry.
We don't have any ice cream left.
Do we?
Not a drop.
There's nothing in here.
We have three Styrofoam containers.
And it was great.
And just about everybody, they started a little slow.
But finally, Lisa came in here.
And Lisa Campbell came in.
And Stephanie.
And Annette.
And Mercy.
Mercy Mercy.
And Sharon.
And of course, Cheryl and Bob were in here immediately
if not sooner, which was fine.
Because they were very, very pissed about the treatment they got the previous day on another show.
And Chuck came in here with the Jake.
And who else?
And the boy Kurt was in for a little and healthy.
And of course, came in and didn't, uh,
she was a little bit recalcitrant because she got chewed out when she came in the end of the day,
chewed out by the, uh, obnoxious one who doesn't like to share with anybody and then comes on
and has the audacity to lie and tell us that he didn't get any.
Now, I have it on very good authority that he got some.
And maybe some ice cream.
Here's the gable.
Hello.
Neil.
Maybe it was from the weasel.
Yes.
That last call was probably one of the fans that gives, uh,
sounded like a meds fan to me.
Yeah, he probably gives,
he kind of gives Charlie up the standing ovation when he walks in the winning run like he did last week.
And then, uh,
Latch comes out and sends them to the bench and everybody gets up and gives them a standing ovation.
Yeah.
And he's, what we like, Charlie, what's wrong with that?
Huh?
We figure anybody that older can still stand up deserves a standing ovation.
I don't know.
And always going the, uh, always going the picture.
Very timey those first base.
Anyway, I didn't want to talk about that.
Why not?
Huh?
Speak your piece.
Don't be, uh, don't hold it back.
Let it out today.
Today is the day for venting after a couple of very,
very frustrating baseball nights for us.
Let's let it all out.
Let's even let one or two of the meds fans call them tell us how great they are.
And we'll all just laugh until we fall down and puke.
I want to say something about this magazine conspiracy.
By the way, we are going to start the official Dave Maggett and watch on this program.
We've already done it each of the first three games he's played.
And tomorrow I see they're playing an afternoon game today, Seattle,
at Minnesota, one 15.
So tomorrow you can be sure one of the first pieces of business will be to see how Dave did today.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Who's sending 385 by the way in the American League?
Uh-huh.
Even, uh, they had an interview with Chef Field.
He's not even from this town.
And even Tampa.
From Tampa?
Huh?
It's from Tampa.
Yeah, but I mean, I don't think he's had to which time to follow the Marlins.
But the first thing that came out of his mouth was,
why didn't they put me in right field and keep and put Maggett in a third?
If they really wanted a good lineup.
Right.
Because this guy, that boy again,
that guy blows and that rich Rodriguez guy,
he comes in his first pitch.
How did you like that first pitch, man?
They didn't have to send the space shuttle into orbit because any Murray hit his first pitch into orbit two nights ago.
That ball is still going.
If it wouldn't have hit that gray stuff there in the upper deck,
it would have still been in orbit.
I mean, with a lineup like that, we might have had a chance maybe third, possibly even second.
I mean, if they're talking about the thing.
I think we'd have won the damn division if you wanted to be.
They probably won the World Series if they wouldn't have screwed our team up.
They probably wanted to save some money.
Or something like that.
What do you mean save some money?
How much do you think it's going to cost in the sign Gary Sheffield next year?
He's going to want at least $85 billion.
Yeah.
And then Wayne won't be able to paint that ball spot.
Yeah, it's pretty frustrating.
It's something we can do about it now.
Well, it's like, cry over spilled milk.
They should have consulted with us first.
Shouldn't they?
Yeah, they should.
Yeah, shouldn't they have talked it over with the fans and said, look, we're thinking to do it a really stupid thing.
Are you going to let us do it?
We should have said no way Jose.
Yeah, but like most things that go on in this town, they just do it.
Forget the consequence.
And then we have to suffer.
You're absolutely correct.
Well, Neil.
And closing.
Get the honey, hoonier.
Can I call somebody to do something?
Yeah.
I own one.
Add in barbedo liquors.
You're a big Russian German beer drink and douche bag.
Okay.
Get the honey, hoonier.
That could have been the greatest line we've ever had on the show.
Now, we don't have that on the thing though, do we?
Oh, you haven't watched that movie yet.
Well, between now and the end of the holiday weekend, you better damn well watch that movie.
And Mr. Fat wants that tape back too, by the way.
I don't know what else is on it.
Probably some porno stuff.
But seriously, it's a great movie, Fatso.
And when you hear that line, after you've seen the movie, get the honey, junior.
Then you're like P and your pants and fall off the chair and start rolling on the floor.
Until I know Maria comes in.
He looked pretty good today.
I got to be honest with you.
I mean, if it was a choice between her and Randy, I'm sorry.
Why do I see?
Now I'm flagulating that whole thing and Mitchell Lewis is the one that does that.
It's 11.33.
Let's take a call from, that's the wrong one, I think.
Rock a hold on.
Don't go away.
Tampa.
Like I said, Tampa.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Yeah.
How you doing?
Great.
What is this controversy with the shungoes crap?
Are we going to start using animals and kind of them, like a fighting for the stupid guy?
Abusing animals and what?
And coming to my normal?
You know, killing animals for the guy that's in your mane.
In your mane?
Yeah, man, where are we?
In your lo-main?
In your mane.
Meaning it's not, it shouldn't be cut, this shouldn't be, shouldn't be doing nothing animal.
Shouldn't, he said, shouldn't.
He didn't say what you thought he said.
He said, shouldn't.
Shouldn't, yeah.
Yeah, man.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't think I'm going in any of that.
Hold on, number two.
You're going in that old black magic.
Yeah, yeah.
Right.
Look what it did for Sammy Davis.
Oh, yeah.
I didn't know he did that stuff.
And Louis Prima and Keeley Smith, and I think they're all dead, yeah.
You know, you know, something pisses me off too.
Well, go right ahead.
Well, I want to just get in ring the other day.
You want to what?
No, no, we're not meeting anybody under 10.
Into 12 o'clock and I got there at 10.30.
Anybody under 10?
Yeah, big time.
All right, the Corvus, can I call some of those bags?
Sure.
Those people from the United States of America.
United States of America.
In Tampa, you have a bunch of those bags.
Okay.
Beautiful.
That was my favorite call of the year so far.
We have an open line.
It's on the green line.
And of course, it won't be from four Myers or Cape Crayl,
because they can't hear us, because WWCN has offered the duration of the day again.
What a shame.
God, how are we going to make it through the day today?
We'll never get enough calls without them.
1-800-944-9463.
We do have an open line there for like Orlando and Tallahassee.
We've been getting calls from Orlando lately.
You notice that?
Like a few here and there.
Huh?
What are you looking at me like that?
No, good.
Not from that Orlando, all the way.
I wish we did.
God, wouldn't it be nice if during this nice long holiday we'd get a call from our good old buddy, Orlando?
And he called and like make up with us and pack things over, so to speak.
Because I still have a soft spot in my heart for Orlando.
We all do.
Even those out there who are in perpetual self-denial.
Even those guys out there who are like, you know, wrapped up in their embarrassment.
Let's go.
Now let's not.
It's 1136 on the IOD Network.
Today's show is brought to you by the makers of Tiger Kitty, the cat with the taste of real human flesh.
Tiger Kitty, don't ask how we make it.
And now back to our show.
Nothing makes you feel more like a woman than the romantic sensation of silky lingerie.
That touch of satin as you slip on a pair of thong back bikinis.
A soft stretch of garter built with stockings or a black lacy canisol.
Oh my goodness.
I've never felt so womanly.
Victor's secret, the catalog for cross-dresses.
I haven't been this excited since Alex Trebek said put your hands on your buzzers.
Victor's secret, nothing makes you feel more like a woman.
1140 at WIOD we have an intercepted memo here which we always enjoyed.
This is from Nick Lawrence at WFTL aka the light bulb.
Two hosts and programmers from programming management, Ray, chronic collars.
The following collars have abused the privilege of calling this station.
One, angry Sam aka Sam the poet.
Two, slim, three, Dr. Slinky, four, meat market millie, five, Gilbert.
Oh geez, where is he in here?
Oh yeah, five, Gilbert.
Six, Harvey from Kendall, seven, sightless Mike, my, my, my.
Chronic collars stop other people from getting into the station says Nick.
These collars are banned by programming management.
Also the collar Henry should be kept to one call per week.
Sign Nick Lawrence.
Take a bad Nick.
Okay, it's 1141 at WIOD.
Let's do a beautiful poppano.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
How you doing today?
I'm just a tremendous.
Did anybody check and see if Resta's got a hit last night?
Yes he did, didn't you see the game?
I had to go to bed early.
I turned it off by the fifth inning.
You didn't see the beautiful error he made in about the, let's see, it was the top of the eighth inning I do believe.
When he made the bases were loaded with the two outs.
Easy ground ball by Saber Hagen, the pitcher to first.
And Resta's like starts taken off with it for the bag, but the ball is behind him.
And then he goes to reach for it and falls down.
And then the pitcher comes over to cover the bag and Resta still has plenty of time because Saber Hagen's not even running it out.
And he throws the ball and there's Richie Lewis-Wendy and he throws it away and two runs score.
And then at the bottom of the inning after it was now safely seven to one and the game was way out of reach, Resta's comes up and bought a bang.
There's a base hit.
But of course, pre-prior to that all during the game when we were still in the game, he was like, oh for...
Oh!
That's why they call him the big one.
He's probably leading all nationally first base then in big O.
And big O's and in the big chokes.
He's choking it over there.
Oh boy.
Be pressing. Very depressing way.
They made a bad decision, sir.
I just can't emphasize it enough.
We traded away a quality major league player and we left ourselves with a rookie kid in right field who's not ready for prime time.
Who's striking out at a rate that is just...
Stagger is the mind. It boggles your imagination.
Daryl with more.
With and more.
He's with and more than I've ever seen.
Who's our backup for a spade?
I beg your pardon?
The backup for a spade.
The backup for a spade is Jeff Kohnine.
Who by the way had three hits last night and is like a legitimate and doesn't get anywhere the credit he should.
I don't know why because he's kind of like a bland guy and he's not real flashy.
But he had two tremendous home runs and two games and he had three more hits last night.
He's our backup for a spade.
I think he's going to be in the fourth position in the batting line up soon.
I hope so.
Maybe that'll help.
That should do it.
Maybe that'll wake up so they go.
Yeah.
But I think we better look elsewhere.
Exactly. And it won't be Henry Cotto either.
Who also made another nice error last night.
I'm glad that you fell asleep before it happened.
Have a great day, pal.
Hey, yeah.
I call a couple of my buddies, douche bags.
And good luck to us all. Yes.
The guy that traded.
Bagging in a way.
Dave Dombrausky, yes.
In the big O.
Okay.
Big douche bags.
See ya.
The big zero.
Oh!
Yeah.
Look, it's not personal arrest.
This we like you.
You're a very nice guy and you're articulate and you're like,
look like a human being and everybody loves you.
But we just want you to go away.
Don't go away, man.
Just go away.
See, like with who knew it was personal.
He had a crappy attitude and he wouldn't, you run after the ball.
And he just, there was a piece of crap.
Or rest is, he's a good guy.
I like him.
He just can't play.
That's all.
I mean, Henry Cotto, we don't know him well enough to have an opinion
while we're the other.
We know he blows, but personally, he might be a nice guy.
I don't know.
He's getting a little long in the tooth and he's, he sucks.
So, you know, we were doing, it reminds me of WIOD.
It's like the micro-neary deal.
Okay, it's the same concept.
I mean, Chuck's a great guy.
I love Chuck.
Chuck is like a brilliant guy.
He's got a great voice.
He's got a great sense of humor, a great personality.
But you won't ever hear that on that show because it's a news show.
And so, Reniri was there and we were, we were doing a fine.
Everything was just fine as somebody you used to say,
but never will again on this show.
And it was great.
And then all of a sudden they started the front office again.
I think they must have called Dave Dumbrowski
and they started doing some stupid things.
And we messed it.
And now we're having a little problem every now and then.
Here and there.
Like in certain day parts.
Here's South Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Uh-huh.
Well, this isn't the Dr. Slinky, is it?
Or Sam the poet.
Or, or, hello, lovely lady.
Or, or my, my, my.
No, that wasn't Harvey from Kendall, lovely lady.
That was Jack from the beach.
Oh, Jack from the beach.
I can remember Jack from the beach with a gruff voice.
Hello, lovely lady.
I can admit one thing.
There's one person I do get tired of hearing and that's my, my, my on Rick and Sud.
My, my, my.
But you know who that is?
Do you know who that is?
Oh, my, Mike, and he works at it.
No, it's, it's not the real blind.
Mike, it's, uh, it's, uh, Ken Block again.
Oh, is it?
The chip off the old block with the, uh, punk with the, uh, dog racing tapes.
Oh.
He calls with about 20 different voices.
And I, I got to admit that the, uh, the blind Mike thing he does is very funny,
but like maybe he wants a month would be good, you know, not every day.
Yesterday he went on and on and he was like reaching and stretching.
And there was nothing that he said that was remotely humorous.
Listen, you said something yesterday and I'm trying to accept maybe look out now.
Uh, the outsiders.
Yeah.
You mentioned the movie.
That was a very distressing and depressing movie.
I like to, I like it.
You like it?
You like it?
I like it.
That was a good one thing that I liked to talk about was, uh, in the
songs, The Ruhler and his gig.
So he asked me if I was the slipp мужist, and I was trying to dat into the
i said c-rock or how c-tomicide
c-rock or how do tomas like a green
whatever is the matter
well there is a lot of very uh... erotic uh... overtones to that movie and
nobody knows what it is that scene that one in the picture
right that one scene where rucker how are sitting there in the got them in jail
and then uh... c-tomicide comes in and uh... he goes in there
and i don't want to go in with the thing about the spitting and he like uh... yeah
exactly something a little bit though there's a erotic undertones and
overtones in that movie well i'll tell you what
and any movie with c-tomicide has erotic overtones as a movie that i'm going to be
watching many many times you mentioned it i went and read it i never heard of c-tomicide
and i remember the movie uh... uh... soul man which was great he was funny in that
movie was a cute movie and i didn't realize he was the same kid that was in the
outside yes um...
and matt dillen was in the outsideers and uh... right and uh...
the middle of the west of all is
and the rath macho with the the zits right and all those kids you uh...
you know this is me off two things that everybody seems to be pissed off today which
have a lot of trade and no godfather's pizza's itself water
yeah you're right godfather's was tremendous and you're mentioning ice cream
i never buy ice cream about a half a gallon last week of eating strawberry
mm-hmm and that took out a spoon
gone that's why i don't buy it
yeah that that's what you can't you can't stop once you start with something that good you can't stop
now there's what i'm going to tell you plan just what i want a buddy of mine is twenty five
four years old
buddy of mine we have an hour hanging out the other day i'll bet and i talked to him in the
he never seen the godfather yeah never thought and i got into the down and watch it
and i've i must have seen that movie about a thousand times
it's a good one of those movies i can't imagine anybody could ever see it too much it's
well there's there's some movies when you've seen it enough times you just could never watch it
again and if you started to watch it again you'd say now it's just but with the godfather if it
you can't put the come across it on the cable or the satellite or something you just sit there
and you get into it again because it's like part of your life it's like uh there i run them and i
copy might the whatever it was i like to say i got all three godfather's all three of them i got
right on the heels of the nicklorance memo i wonder if there's something for any and about that
as in please take a bath soon
see the only thing we can't figure out yet is how to stop this i mean not to stop it but like
put it on pause we can we can like make it go away huh no no they aren't they're working on that
they're gonna they're gonna uh have a thing where we can like just put it on pause which will
really be great but anyway we're working on it over here we have an open line in day 7-5-1 it
must be one hell of a boring holiday weekend for everybody because the lines are smoking here
and i don't know how i did not that i'm complaining believe me trust me although you get disappointed
if i don't bitch and complain so i'm trying to make you happy with that too we're getting too many
calls 751-9463 it's uh 10 before noon on the iod partial network
