I think we have cut it as close to the bone as we possibly can.
Oh!
News talk radio 610, WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with Neil, dial 751, WIOD from date, in Broward 524, WIOD.
Outside the 305 area code, toll free 1-800-944-WIOD.
And Bell South mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star IOD.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show on News Talk Radio 610, WIOD.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Oh! If I would step my tongue down your throat,
would we read it on the front page?
Girls don't satisfy your eyes just like to try your waltz.
I know, it's only dated for a like him.
But I know, it's only dated for a like him.
Yes I do.
But only dated for a like him.
Only dated for a like him.
Only dated for a like him.
Yes I do.
But I can't say that this old boy has been a long day.
Yes I do.
But I know, he's got my show, but she's not like him.
Oh, no.
Oh, is that I know, which holy life can flow when a like him.
Only dated for a like him.
I know, it's worth dancing in the season and we like that.
Only dated for a like him.
It's almost 7 at WIOD and no holiday shows be complete without, of course, one of our very favorite people.
Here she is.
Here I am.
There you are.
Thanks for calling.
Happy grace your holidays.
Thanks for calling.
Yes.
Right.
How are you?
I want to tell you that the lady said like he's a ham too.
Right.
Are they still alive?
That's good.
She wishes you happy holiday.
Well the same tour.
She has two children and they ate a sandwich for lunch.
Beautiful.
They ate dinner at night.
They finished it in the week and it was delicious.
Well that's great.
There's nothing better that we could do than share our meat with those who need it.
Right.
It was cooked and sliced and ready to eat.
You don't have to cook it or anything.
Right.
If I had known I would have kept it.
There you go.
Yeah.
That's why we kept you in the dark.
Right.
Well the next time you have it I'll order it.
Okay.
Yeah.
So how are you feeling?
I'll send you a kosher one next time.
We'll put a little circle you on the bottom of it.
I'm doing okay.
I'm a little plugged up yet but I'll get over this thing.
I know it took me three weeks.
Did it really?
Yeah.
Oh beautiful.
Yeah.
But it was worth it.
You know it was worth my trip out there and I got to see the concert and got to see the MGM grand.
And just had a good time all the way around.
Yeah.
It makes me feel good.
Made a few dollars at the track last night.
Huh?
I said I made a few bucks at Poppano Park last night.
Oh, that was nice.
That rich made a few bucks at the track last night.
There's a young guy from the York.
A real gambler type who sit at the table next to us.
One three thousand dollars last night.
Oh, mine.
At the lucky table next to us.
I guess that's the lucky table.
We're going to have to start moving and change our luck.
Right.
Yeah.
Well, I was busy listening to the concert at Carnegie Hall of the Christmas hall.
Whatever it is, yeah.
The symphony.
Uh-huh.
And from the Vienna symphony concert.
Vienna boys choir.
Right.
They're all stopping by at the rectory to check in with the archbishop when they're done.
Well, I'll be fine.
When they get done.
Yeah.
I was in that church, I think it's called St. Dancer.
Something like that.
Yeah, something like that.
Yeah.
Well, I want to wish you good health and the same to you.
And thank you for everything.
And don't forget.
Happy poem and talk among them.
Never too early for a homeontage.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
Bye.
Bye.
Open line on a blue line.
5249463.
And the star line.
If you got Bell's alphabet only because we lie a lot.
We said we're going to have a line for cell one.
And maybe we will someday if you live long enough.
But don't hold your breath.
10 afternoons at WIOD and WSUN.
Tonight after Randy Rhodes, it's Don and Mike.
New star, Radio 610.
WIOD.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Please.
Who they curse my name?
If I farted in heaven?
Would I stand the shame?
If I farted in heaven?
Would the launch smell?
Send me straight to hell?
Yes.
Or can anybody smell?
Up in heaven?
Does gas act the same?
Does it linger in heaven?
Would you be ashamed to pull my finger in heaven?
I know these things.
When the flat lady sings.
Hey, great.
Cause I'll be the one who brings tears to heaven.
Cause I know I'll be the one who brings tears to heaven.
1216 to WIdeas.
We looked back over the last year, which is one of the things that we're famous for doing at the end of the year, because there's not much else to do.
One of the great things that they did to us not was destroying a tarman.
We had a real good thing going there.
We had a guy who was including that, which is on the best stuff, by the way, along with some of his other stuff.
Did some of the best song parodies and creative stuff ever.
And then of course they tried to make him into like a part-time superstar, put him on a weekend, make him into a talk show host, and all of a sudden he stopped doing vits for us.
And that's kind of a sad thing, because he's the best.
I mean the very best, he's better than any comedy service.
And I like to do just about everything else, at least they're consistent.
Here's St. Petersburg on a Broward line.
Hello.
And the same to you.
I want to read something to you that was in the St. Petersburg Times today that's pretty operative about blob.
Yeah.
I mean I did that.
Go right ahead.
Last year's afternoon show will supplant WSUN's current live Simon Kass to the Rick and Fed show for my own WIOD.
He's also a Cox property.
He's been wanting to do afternoon station manager Todd Lizer said of Lacer who could not be reached for a comment on Thursday.
Here comes the operative part.
I'm ecstatic that Bob and Al will be competing with Lizer said, with Lionel Garn there will be a wonderful opportunity to take over his old audience.
Right, the old FLA audience.
I'm going to turn the radio off now.
I listen to you and then Rick and Fed to now there's nothing to listen to.
You blob.
Yeah, he, see basically what he's going to be able to do is go back to FLA without going back there.
You know what I'm saying?
He's going to be able to do the FLA show and get all his old Yentos back and do it on SUN.
But luckily it'll be after me and not before me, which believe me, inheriting an audience from Ron and Ron will be a hell of a lot bigger pleasure over there than inheriting all the disgruntled masses of old farts from the Blobster.
So it's a good move for me.
See ya.
Okay, see ya.
Open line of dates, 751, one on the blue line, 5249463.
We ought to play the best guitar man, you know what?
So many greats from this past year, but not anymore.
How about that, just great raise that under just, you know, some of these things that are in here in the computer, which should be like this one for example.
It just feels like a prick.
I mean, why is that under just, what's that just great waiting? What is under great?
There's no way to figure out what, there's no rhyme or reason what all these things are under it. The goddamn computer anymore.
Sally fits when her battery's quip, Rick and Suts, when they're pulling their cuts, Joey blows.
Oh, that most everyone knows.
That's just great radio.
Larry King with that bald spot thing and there's Jim.
We know what Neil thinks of him, Randy Rolves.
When she speaks of her nose, that's just great radio.
Management, they're all bent on just running the show.
But they're just a bag of rants and douchebags I know.
They don't even know when to go.
So Neil gets the vision.
It's just what we're missing for and so.
As we all hear a show, make a call.
And if you have the call, talk to me.
And I'm sure you will feel and feel as a God.
I'll make tripping one of just great radio.
Okay, that was recorded back in the days when everything was in great shape with guitar man.
And he was good friend of all of ours and he was still doing stuff in our, that's history.
One is it like about three, four months since he's done a bid for us.
11, 12, 20, not that I'm complaining mind you, but never happened again.
They just, they destroyed it. They killed him.
West Palm Beach. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just want to say Merry Christmas.
And the same to you, sir.
I have my missile tow belt buckle on.
Beauty.
And we're listening to a pair of less Palm Beach.
Okay.
I was wondering if you could play that Metallica does Barney thing.
Metallica does Barney.
Yeah, listen, he wants to talk to you all in a second.
Okay.
Yeah, what were you?
Old ice cream.
Did you get that?
I got it.
Okay.
I'm trying to get rid of it.
I'll dig it out for you, pal.
Thank you.
See ya.
Where the hell am I going to find that?
It's on one of those in there somewhere.
Well, it can be something to do during these long breaks.
1221 at WIOD and WSUN.
Tonight at eight, following sports talks 610.
It's Randy Rose.
New stock radio 610.
Come with you on your team.
Don't surre my.
Why is no one?
Listen to that.
How do you like that?
It's my name too.
Somebody munged on the Arkansas State song.
Look at that.
You don't think you'd had to do with any with Bill and Hillary, do you?
Let me see if I can wipe that off and the CD too.
That's disgusting.
That's one of our most important bits.
I'm scouring to find that guy, his stupid Barney Metallica thing.
No, it still isn't here.
You know?
I'm better at wiping it.
All right.
We'll have to work on wiping it and the CD too.
See, that's the thing.
What's going to happen with these new DAT things?
What is that going to finally happen?
So we don't have to...
First it was with tapes and they used to stretch and they used to snap and they would break.
Then we got CDs.
And then it turns out they scratch it like if you get mung on them,
then they like hop around or if you're in your car and you hit the railroad tracks,
they like bounce all over the goddamn place.
And I get very, very upset about that.
Boy, somebody really, I didn't number on this.
They must have got really excited on that number.
Is it 121? Is that where the thing is?
Probably the one that's missing, 127 is the one that he's looking for.
Huh? There's one that keeps missing.
There must be something that we're playing that is not marked, do not play it.
That's a really funny thing. I 127.
And it keeps disappearing out of there.
It's about the third eye. Here it is.
Damn it, I found it.
See, if I could be honest and say,
I really worked like crazy to find it for a pound, I couldn't find it,
then I wouldn't feel bad.
But I worked like crazy to find it for you and I found it.
Damn it.
I love you.
You're the reason.
Where I'm always traveling with a great thing
of anarchist from me to you
what you see is how things go.
I love you.
You love me.
We are friends, I'm friends, you see,
we're the great things of anarchist from me to you.
What you see is how things go.
I'm your friend and I'm your friend and I'm your friend.
Oh!
So let me ask you, was it worth all the effort?
CAUSE 26 and WID.
I want to play this screw that thing.
I want to play this thing one more time and see if I was able to smear the thing off it.
Because that's one of our...
See, it's about time since we still have two hours left in the computer
that we started putting some of this and loading it in there.
Which I think maybe like next weekend one day, if there's time I'll come in and put some stuff on a reel.
And remember that was another one of the highlights of 93.
The big frothing at the mouth here about the computer project,
which was a brilliant idea and works out very nicely for us.
Like right at the touch of a fingertip, we got all that stuff, we got rid of two or three cart racks in here.
We got a little bit better organized.
But oh my god, do it our way and take control yourself
because don't expect anybody in programming or middle-level management
to take control of this massive project because we can't be bothered with it.
And then when we did work our ass and just put all kinds of stuff in there,
oh no, the stuff is too long, you got too many long bits in there,
take it all out, take it all out.
Because there are people who desperately and frantically need that time.
We've only got limited number of hours in the computer,
we've only got so much hard drive if I can say that.
And here it is like the end of the year and there's like two hours,
one minute and six seconds to left in there.
Just dying in there.
Oh, I think I got it.
Well, I know my sister all my life.
That is why she's now my wife.
And I think my son may know it's true.
He's my nephew too.
Well, my daddy is my uncle.
Joe, my mother is my dear grandfather.
It is very plain to see my first cousin is me.
Oh!
Oh!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Uh huh.
Okay, 12 for 28 at WID.
That was worth it.
I just kept wiping that thing and wiping it and the CD too and look what came out.
Here's an orthomime beach.
Hello.
Yeah, an alchoneel.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, happy holidays.
And the same to you, my good close personal friend, whoever you might be.
And I'd like to say for the record.
Yes.
That the Panthers are a great hockey club.
Oh!
You bet.
And Bobby Clark and Roger Nielsen have done a great job with them.
Yup.
And I'd like to...
And don't forget our great goalie coach, Billy Smith.
Well, you know, much hated by Ranger fans from coast to coast.
Well, being breezy is a great goal.
Being breezy, yep.
But anyways, I'd like to report a little holiday misfortune to you.
Yes.
And I'd like to send it out over the airwaves.
And...
To cheer up the rest of us, okay?
Yes.
And that I'd like to call whoever stole my minivan with the few presents I had in it last night.
That he is a major douchebag.
I would go a little bit beyond that, I would say.
That's all!
It would be more like it.
Thank you.
Okay.
Well, good luck to you, my friend.
Obviously you needed, but don't let it get you down.
No, it's gonna be a good present.
There you go.
All right.
Thank you.
Have a great holiday.
Bye-bye.
Open line of dates, 751-1 and Broward, 524.
Oh, no!
Okay.
Oh, sadamee.
Peter Puff, 4, Caboose Ride.
Arch back, 4, unbending knee.
Oh, sadamee.
The front door's the back side.
Just go and ask to do a deal.
He's long as my face is in the Senate, you'll have a seat.
People without health care, folks lacking livelihood.
The way they act is really what is looong.
Well, there's Helms, the model specter, and Hornet Bob Pack would.
Oh!
No matter where you stick it, we get screwed.
Look at me, the Senate's lost its mind.
There's longer drugs than crime, God knows.
Look at me, they're saving all mankind.
With hearings on Felicia.
No review of 1993 would be complete without a little sadamee.
No question about that.
Make all those right-wingers nervous and excited.
I've already gone through two things of these halls-mental liptus, by the way.
These are outstanding.
My whole life revolves around fix and halls-mental liptus.
We have an open line indeed, and Chris, 751.
Oh, now forget about Chris.
Chris is like a nice guy, but definitely jailbait.
What the hell was he doing here yesterday?
Open line and Broward, 5249463.
Let's go to Tampa.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Can you tell me what these guys are thinking about this run and run?
What does that mean?
A negative call about run and run on SUN.
Are you crazy?
They are an FM show.
What does that mean?
They aren't...
What difference does it make if they're on FM or PM?
It's the same show.
I can't even believe I'm going to say this, but it's almost an ingenious move,
a way to get people in that market who are definitely locked into FM to turn over to AM.
Why do they have to have two flush stations that could make you guys on FM?
Well, that's never going to happen.
And don't you understand their philosophy about FM is that it's got to be a jukebox.
Don't you understand that?
They want FM to crank out big bucks at the lowest possible overhead,
and that's their whole philosophy about FM.
If you walk down the hall over here, we got right next door is the coast,
and a little few feet further down the hall is hot 105.
They got people sitting in their readings, three by five cards, pumping out the slush,
and that's the right and pouring money through there like a monkey grinder,
and that's the idea of FM.
Don't you understand this company?
I don't understand.
If they would have left us on Y&F, and if then then they would have done this thing
and put while Ron and Ron on the morning back on Y&F, we could have had a 10 share,
we could own the market over there.
If they're trying to be so much like Howard, Howard's on FM.
Yeah. Well, if they really had, if they really had balls, they put Howard on both on F.
You went in the morning, and over here on IUD in the morning, but they don't have any.
They don't have any.
No, none.
And like I said before, they could get Howard on both stations for I'm sure less
than what they're going to pay these two bozos, but they'll get good numbers.
They'll get big numbers over there.
And why they have to get rid of Rick and Suds, why couldn't they just put blob
reading three by five cards somewhere if they had to keep his contract?
Beats a hell out of me.
They feel that blob is the, he is the Tampa Bay.
He's what Tampa Bay is all about.
Which is a hell of a prize.
Are they any Christ?
Okay. Good luck to you, sir.
Have a.
666 to you.
We have an open line on the green line.
Nice day.
He was going to save a great holiday.
And back to you, sir.
1-800-944-9463.
1235-WIOD, WSUN.
It's the latest news from the 610-WIOD News Center each hour.
Plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast.
But if I am guilty of anything, it is of giving all that I have to give.
My penis, my buttocks, my lower torso, thighs, and any other error.
That they wanted to help shoot in all over the world.
Young men, running up and down courts, I love young men.
Oh!
Wearing really tight shorts, they're so sweaty.
When they jump through the air and they don't have an underwear.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Okay.
It's time again for some great NBA.
Can't wait to watch a mock play NBA.
They think it's at all going to watch a playball.
I'm so happy that it's at full.
It's time again for some great NBA.
Can't wait to watch a mock play NBA.
They think it's at full.
Going to watch a playball.
I'm so happy that it's at full.
It's time again for some great NBA.
So let me ask you, that was MOLO who used to do the morning show a really bad one.
He was the most aptly named guy in radio.
He walked right here with a 10 gallon hat and everybody who listened to that station thought he was a black dude.
He had a 10.
But what happened to him?
He got canned with a 10.
He went to New Mexico.
He went to New Mexico, a perfect place for him.
Maybe he came a priest.
So he can watch those young men dribble all over the court.
Here's a lady in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
It's my phone.
It's screwed up.
How are you?
How are you?
Great.
We were going to get a little of a clump about how ill you were.
I'm alright.
Just a little plugged up.
I'm calling about guiding light.
Okay.
The reason I'm calling, my husband and I were, I tape it every day and we were watching it.
Right.
Good morning.
And my husband asked me, he said, is there anyone Jewish on the soap opera?
And I said, no.
I don't think so.
And he said, I think you ought to call me, oh.
And ask him if there's anybody Jewish on any soap opera.
And what is your opinion?
That's a good question.
Because I have never seen anyone with a Yamakal on.
Maybe Blacky back when he was on guiding light, John Stamos, but I think he's Greek.
Yeah.
But I do believe he's sick of size.
I've never said they've got every sort of nationality, including Jews on guiding light.
They even had a gay character on one life to live or one of those soap operas.
They had a kid who was accused of doing it with a priest, which I know is very unusual.
But so they've had everything except Jews on soap operas.
That's correct.
You didn't see anybody celebrating Hanukkah, didn't you?
Isn't that interesting?
We just thought that we would ask your opinions.
Never thought about that before.
We got Black people.
Do we have any Mexicans?
Well, we had Rafe on that show that went off the year.
What was the name of that show, George?
And we liked so much that went off?
Santa Barbara?
Santa Barbara.
There you go.
Did you watch that?
No, I didn't.
Oh, like I said.
There was some interesting people on Santa Barbara.
That's why it went off.
But I don't know if any Jews on any soap opera.
My husband's actually wondering about that.
Yeah.
Because the only ones he sees are the ones that I tape.
Well, since those days in Germany Jews get very nervous when they get too close to bars, certain types of bars of soap.
That could be.
They may have something to do with it.
Stay away from those soaps.
I don't know if you get on satellite, but no guiding light today.
No.
No, it's not.
It's not on period.
Right.
It's preempted by what?
What kind of crap have they got on?
College football.
Yeah, they got football on.
And see, this is the deal now.
We got all this the college football and bull game.
So it's going to be very sparse.
And that's why it's going to take a real loyal and dedicated fan like you and I to find out where the hell it is.
That's why yesterday they gave us yesterday was like a Friday show.
Yes, exactly.
Because at the end of the show, she walks in the apartment.
And there's Roger in the dark.
And there's, oh, my God, her eyes come bulging out of her forehead.
And he's all disheveled and unshaven.
And it's enough to make you pee in your pantaloonies.
A little bit of grime on his teeth.
Yeah.
Slimey.
And don't you wonder with his arm is fling how he decorated the whole tree?
Yeah, he decorated the tree.
He wrapped the Christmas gift.
He put it under the tree.
He's eating cookies and milk.
I mean, what probably called out for a couple of pizzas and dominoes?
And he also called the fire.
He built the fire.
Beautiful.
I mean, boy, he just thinks of everything.
Only on that show can they do it.
Well, Neil, we want to wish you Zygazone and the same to you.
And take care.
And you too.
All right.
Bye-bye.
As a matter of fact, speaking of yesterday being like a Friday show on Guiding Light,
I'm at the track last night at Pompa No Park, which I had finally a pretty decent night.
Thank you.
And just missed by a nose of having a very big night.
But anyway, I'm thinking to myself, this is Friday.
I mean, yesterday I was positive that yesterday, in fact, I'm convinced today is Saturday.
I'm sitting here right now and I'm thinking about like, what day is it?
It's got to be Saturday.
I was so sure I was confident that it was Friday.
I never go to the track on Thursday night.
I'm always there on Friday night.
It felt like a Friday.
It looked like a Friday.
It had to be a Friday.
And then this morning, the alarm went off and I said, crap, it's Friday.
By the way, within about next 10, 12 minutes, Mike Netalsha be showing up here with my buska Unimo Head CD from Luis Miguel, allegedly.
And if he doesn't, George is in for a real big surprise, like I'm driving the Toyota home today.
Anyway, here's Carl Springs on the Star Line.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Nora on one life for live.
Nora is Jewish?
Yes, she did.
Hey, shut up.
I'm Nora.
I'm last week and everything like that.
Nora with a menorah.
Kena Hora.
Exactly.
And she used to be married to this black guy on there and they have a daughter.
The Jewish and black.
Oh, hey, V.
So there's your right.
Not that they're pandering or there's any tokenism on that show, right?
No, not at all.
Outstanding.
Thank you so much.
Happy holidays, sir.
And same to you, Zagazone.
Thank you.
Okay.
Open line on the Star Line.
That's what we always say in Christmas, isn't it?
Zagazone?
Something like that.
Orgazone height.
Here's the Lady in Tamarack.
No, there's no Lady in Tamarack.
She's long gone.
She just crapped out.
Maybe she was going to tell me the same thing.
Probably.
One of our soap ladies.
Open line and Broward.
524 soap.
Let's do a Sarasota.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi.
I'm wondering if you can play the song parody, the Christmas song parody that goes to God Resty Mary
gentlemen.
And it's about the guy that wants to catch a little creep who had the nerve to switch the sign
on the restroom door.
What is that?
Is that a Rick and Suds thing, maybe?
I don't know who thinks it, but it's really funny and it's really good.
Where did you hear it?
Oh, unfortunately I heard it on a campus station.
I heard it last year.
Last year?
Yes, so I haven't heard it this year.
But I know it exists.
Uh-huh.
Well, if I can figure out what you're talking about, I'll see if we got it.
Okay?
Have a happy.
Great, thank you.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Why?
We have an open line at Dave, one on the star line and one on the green line.
This is good.
It's going to start thinning out just a little bit.
It's got to.
It just has to.
It can't maintain like this all the way through to two.
Save your calls for jazz.
McKay, he's going to be here from two to six to Sanfordone.
He's going to do something.
I'm confident.
I know he's just been kind of laying back.
I know he's coming in right now on his Harley and he's getting ready to do something a little
bit more than Titty bars and drugs and bikers.
Okay, the man has got a tremendous amount of experience in the business.
He's had a vast and varied life and I know that we're going to hear a lot of it today.
Right?
We hope.
I'm sure of it.
Anyway, did she have that thing in the computer by the way?
Wait a minute.
Is jazz in the computer?
I would sure hate to steal anything from Randy because she gets very upset about that by the way.
I mean, stuff has been stolen for me so much I couldn't even begin to document it at this point and who could care less.
But boy, she is uptight and possessive and hostile about people stealing her crap in a computer or anywhere else.
I don't think she must have it on a cart so I can't steal that thing.
Hello.
Who is this?
Who's this?
This is DFO.
DFO.
Yeah.
This is Jeff DeForest who called to wish everybody Merry Christmas ladies and gentlemen.
Hey.
How you doing, Jeff?
I'm doing okay Neil.
How did you make out of the track last night?
How did what?
How did you make out of the track last night?
Not too bad.
Had a wedding night last night for a change.
Hey, you know what?
I've got a Bosoic move.
I've got a turn down my radio.
Oh, turn that radio down.
What do you say?
I'm not doing that too.
You don't agree.
Please turn that radio down, sir.
What are you giving away to get all these calls?
Dead meat.
Called middle-level management.
That was the sixth horse that you gave me last night.
Right.
That was dead meat.
It's been a good night last night.
Did you?
Yeah.
Rich is hitting the computer, huh?
Rich is doing okay.
He had a bad night till the last race and he pulled it right out of his butt which is quite an accomplishment in his case and they had a decent night.
That's kind of a cavernous area.
It is.
A lot of winners in there believe me.
So what are you doing to celebrate Christmas?
Working right here.
It's on him again.
I'll be here tonight.
What did you call for, Jeff?
I actually called to get a phone number but you got to pick up the line.
From George?
Next thing you know I'm on here.
From George?
From George?
Well, hang on a second.
All right.
And happy grace your holidays, Jeff.
Thank you very much.
Hang on.
Okay, he'll be on tonight by the way.
D-fo.
We have an open line in date and one on the star line at star I-o-d.
I'm just picking up all the lines today.
When I see something hot flash and I'm just grabbing it.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Oh, I'm not really me.
Okay, hang on.
He's working on it.
He's getting working up to a crescendo.
Lauderdale.
Hey.
Yeah.
And happy Christmas to you, sir.
Well, Merry Christmas to you.
And Merry New Year.
Yes, sir.
I'm not going to be able to make it to my home this Christmas.
So I'm going to spend it here listening to you and asking I got one request.
Okay, where's your home?
Well, my home is, well, I live in Nashville.
I called you before.
Oh, you live in Nashville.
You're not going to be able to get there.
What a good break for you.
Why?
This must be your lucky year, pal.
No, my parents live up in Philly and that's where I go every year.
Uh-huh.
But my request is the Allen Sherman deal from the guitar man.
And I want to ask you to not to go into detail, but what happened?
What exactly happened with the guitar man that he's not doing anything?
Well, what happened is that boy Gary decided since we were desperate for somebody on the weekend.
And Joey had driven away the entire weekend audience.
And he was going to start taking listeners and making them into talks, your host.
And he put guitar man on a few weekends and kind of like, you know,
I just, uh, it was sad.
It was desperate.
And of course, once you put a guy on the ear who's been doing creative stuff for everybody else,
he's going to start doing all this stuff for himself.
And so it was like shutting off our water.
And since that time, we haven't had one other piece of material.
Which one is it, the Allen Sherman one?
What's the name of that?
Uh, I can't remember, but it's one that, uh,
da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da.
You know, which one I'm talking about now?
I can't remember the name of that.
What is the name of that, George?
That Allen Sherman one that he does?
Your Uncle, uh, Uncle Max.
Oh, yeah, that's it.
I thought of it myself.
Yeah.
Beautiful.
I'm proud of myself.
I must be making a comeback.
How about that?
Okay.
Listen, have a great holiday, pal.
Well, you're going to be here Monday, right?
Yes, sir.
Oh, great.
Good.
At least I have something to listen to.
And by the way, too, I wanted to, uh,
I was going to say the same thing that, uh,
Starline caller said about the Jewish, uh, they, uh,
they are again in it, Jewish, on one life, deliver.
All right.
Um, you know, also, uh,
let's see how it is on AM in some places.
Right, absolutely.
Hey, listen, whether it's on AM or FM or PM or Sherway,
if it's good, it's good.
You know what I'm saying?
That's very true.
It's like Halifah, whether it's on a plate or a platter
or on the palm of your hand, it's delicious.
There you go.
Have a good one, pal.
Thank you.
See ya.
Bye.
I sell a line of jingles.
And I travel on the road.
Oh!
And I have a lot of instruments.
Just like Sally.
What a load.
Every day, a new routine.
Another song in that.
Early in the morning,
I mail Neil a bit again.
But when I get that writer's block,
the words refuse to flow.
I take a trip to Halendale,
where life is really slow.
I drive into the publics,
and I find some parking rooms.
And they entrance,
and the crutches turn and holler.
Kakamon.
Shake hands with your uncle,
max my boy,
and his, yes, his,
to Cheryl.
And you remember,
Isabelle,
that's her,
things old as girl.
And you remember,
the Tashmintons,
Gerald and Jerome.
We've all come here to greet you,
and to wish you welcome home.
Meet Mara,
it's Barrow, it's Handelman,
it's Shalman,
it's Perver and Gerber and Steiner and Stone.
Mosque, it's Louvre,
it's Aaron's,
it's Barrett's,
and Primand and Fieman,
and Freeman and Hope.
Swallow, swallow,
it's Tyna, my 11,
my 11,
Lovensky, Lovina,
Levine,
Rumberger, Schlumberger,
Mekes and Piggas,
it's Dine with the E.
I just dine with the Y.
Now, here's your uncle,
souled my boy,
with all the family poop.
And his,
it's cousin Randy,
with her goddamn chicken soup.
Oh!
Whenever you're on the road,
my boy,
come back and see us soon.
For I'll be here,
when you come back,
to wish you,
come home.
Beauty, let's do a mobile real quick in Miami.
Hello?
Hello?
Dale?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I want to give you a heavily ham update.
Okay.
I was online for a half hours,
they're doing a booming business.
And I want to thank you.
Are you there?
I'm here.
Okay, I want to thank you for the ham.
Okay.
But they're doing a heck of a business,
if you're going to get a ham for the holiday,
you better get online now.
Okay.
All right, have a nice day.
See ya.
Okay, there's little heavily ham reports.
You only show in America where you get like a meat report
in the middle of the show.
We have an open line in date and one in Broward.
It's 12.51 at WIOD and WS.
You went.
This afternoon at two, it's Rick and Suds.
Then it's six.
It's sports talk, six ten.
New stock radio, six ten.
WIOD.
1253 at WIOD.
Here's our good friend Lee Ryan in Prescott, Arizona,
who must be desperate on the day before Christmas.
Hello?
Hey, Mary Christmas, Uncle Lee.
Yeah, the same to you, Lee.
Guess what?
What?
I'm going to San Diego Monday night.
To see us kick some ass, we hope.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
I am.
You don't sound real excited about that anymore.
Well, confidence is a little bit diminished lately.
You know, we've had three brutal games in a row
and we're just not going to get overly optimistic.
Okay.
Well, I'm going there so they've got, they've better win.
Or else.
They better win or else they better win.
We're hoping for the best.
We're not going to build up our hopes and then we hope
to be pleasantly surprised.
There we go.
Right.
And else, they won't be going to the Super Bowl.
Or much of anyplace else.
There you go.
How's the hockey team doing?
The hockey team is kicking some serious ass.
We beat the Red Hot New York Rangers on Wednesday night
and broke Mike Richter's goalie streak.
That is unbeaten streak.
We beat him three to two, the hottest team in the league.
And we're writing the thick of the fight for the playoffs
and we're doing great.
Fantastic.
Well, that sounds very exciting.
We're going to be the best expansion team in the history
of sports by the end of the season.
I do believe.
So how are the tickets sales going?
Everybody buying tickets?
Three sellouts in a row.
Wow.
And we've broken the season.
The tenants record each one of those three games.
That's fantastic.
Packing them in.
That's all the knee sails out there.
Remember family last summer?
Well, they're awful to crap.
You know how this town is.
I tell you what.
Well, I'm enjoying living in Arizona, Uncle Neil.
My kids are flourishing out here.
We've got just a little bit of snow in the ground
to make it Christmassy.
Don't have any snow yet, but I'll tell you.
She's as cold as hell here.
Well, it's really, really cold.
It's gray and it's cold.
And it's going to be in the 40s over the weekend.
So those people are always screaming about,
well, I missed the north.
They won't get the snow, but they'll get plenty cold.
I'll freeze the rest off.
Well, there you go.
There you go.
Well, I just wanted to share that I will be in road 22
in the end zone.
So look for our signs.
And I wasn't that far from you last weekend.
I was out there in Vegas for my Luis Miguel concert in Caesars.
And I got to see the grand opening of the MGM Grand,
which is the most amazing place I've ever seen.
Oh, I bet.
I'm dying to go to Vegas now because it looks like it's changed so much.
Oh, you wouldn't even recognize it.
I was the last time you were there.
Never.
You've never been there?
I've never.
Well, I guess you wouldn't recognize it.
You could drop me down the level.
How could you be in Prescott, Arizona?
You've never been to Vegas, Lee.
Well, after the holidays, we're going at, I want to go to Tahoe, too.
Forget about Tahoe.
Just go to Vegas for the time being.
Believe me.
Okay.
Be the highlight of your life.
I'll take your word for it.
What do you have a great holiday?
Okay, and hey, thanks.
Great CD.
And kick some ass for us Monday.
Oh, we will.
We'll be root for him.
Okay.
Bye, my Christmas.
Same to you.
She sounds like she really misses it here, you know?
I can't imagine why.
But if I were in Prescott, Arizona, I might miss almost any place.
We have an open line in Broward to, indeed, starting to slow down a little bit.
How's Mike doing with my CD, by the way?
Here it's 12.56.
And 12.35, George says, in 20 minutes, he's going to be here with your CD.
And here it's 12.56, which looks like 19 minutes.
Huh?
20.
It looks like 29 minutes.
It looks like hours.
He'll be here any second, right?
Here is maybe got intercepted by jazz.
Maybe he picked him up on his Honda.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Not ready yet, Neil.
Nah, still working on it.
Two open lines are both in Dade County, 751-9463.
Here's a lady mobile in Davy.
Hi, Neil.
Hello.
And back to you.
Hi, how are you?
Great.
I'm glad you had a great time in Vegas.
The best.
We're going to Vegas, right?
Only good health would have improved it.
Yeah, too bad.
Well, I want to say Merry Christmas to you and happy New Year.
And maybe you'll have a healthy 94.
I sure hope so.
Love you.
Bye.
Bye, bye.
Bye now.
Open line of day one and Broward.
Oh, that'll help.
Tomorrow, by the way, we got like Christmas programs all the way till noon.
Huh?
Oh, I see.
I don't get it.
I just don't understand this whole thing.
Oh, special Christmas programming to noon.
And then from, I don't understand the whole thing.
Till one o'clock in the afternoon, then jazz will be here from 1 to 6.
Sports talk with Kim Bo Campo, Ritzix.
Special.
Oh, that's right.
Tomorrow night.
How could I forget is the Adam and Marvin show?
I knew there was something on here that I was scouring for.
It's Adam and Marvin.
It's called the Luzier License Show from 8 to midnight tomorrow night.
And then the best of it.
Is it from, yeah, till midnight, then the best of Randy for still on the year.
Here's a date city.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Merry depressing Christmas.
Are you depressed?
Oh, man.
About one.
Uh, this S.U.N.
Which is, uh, how much of crap?
Coming this bunch of crap.
Sound like your doctor's dying.
Oh, man.
This sound really depressed.
This is terrible.
Sound like he just got through listening to the lobby or so depressed.
Well, Bob was on today.
Yeah.
He was not taped.
Yeah, what the hell was that?
There was another Ojón for Vodka tour.
We get more of that crap from him.
Well, well, for starters, he was, uh, he had something on there for like three hours.
I don't know what it was.
Some type of poem type.
I don't know.
What on a tape?
Uh, I didn't hear that.
But he had a poem for three hours?
The last hour of the show he took calls.
Yeah.
And, uh, that's when I heard the poem.
Well, what do you mean some sort of a poem?
What does that mean?
I don't know.
It was something about his like Christmas.
Something about his, uh, some Christmas deal that he had or something.
I don't know what it was about.
Everybody was calling him.
Oh, it was great.
I want to copy and on and on.
Oh, it was terrible.
It was something else.
It was something else.
I don't know what it was.
Uh, little Hollywood.
What do you depressed about?
I don't understand.
You depressed it.
Ron and Ron are going to be on.
No, that's okay.
Yeah.
The recon suds part is the depressing part.
Yeah.
And I mean, like drop blob, you know, and like,
get rid of him.
Yeah.
Now they love a man.
He fits in there like a glove they figure.
We'll see.
A little bit of hockey talk.
Okay.
You all have a guy that you'll just brought in.
I guess to help on some injured list or something like that.
His name's Aikens.
Aikens.
Yeah.
You will Aikens?
No, I think it's...
Birds in the bees?
I think his name is, his first name is Dallas.
Dallas Aikens?
Yeah.
Oh, that's from Cincinnati.
From the minor leagues.
I don't think he hasn't played though.
He hasn't played.
No.
He's from Dave City.
Is he?
Yeah.
Well, I'll be down.
He's the only NHL hockey player from Florida.
Right.
And...
Well, we'll keep our eye peeled for him.
Yeah.
We'll keep your eye peeled for Chris.
My mom knows his mother and she doesn't like Matt Hill.
Well, I'll say hi to him for it.
I got to run.
Have a great holiday, pal.
Well, I'll see you in Orlando now.
Okay.
All right.
Bye.
South Florida's news.
Talk and entertainment statement.
News talk, radio.
610.
W-I-O-D.
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
What the fuck is going on with Todd's RV?
That damn bag of Ike's standin'.
Oh!
News talk, radio.
610.
W-I-O-D.
Presents The Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with Neil, dial 751 W-I-O-D from Dave.
Inbroward 524 W-I-O-D.
Outside the 305 area code, toll free 1-800-944-W-I-O-D.
And Bell South mobility customers make it a free call by dialect star I-O-D.
Now, The Neil Rogers Show.
On News talk, radio.
610.
W-I-O-D.
It's not just the 1-2 hour.
It's a phenomenon.
I, Luis Miguel.
See.
Squared, Squared.
I remember you, your beautiful freedom.
And the wind differently to the sea.
I remember you, leaving you looking at you.
And the day you were born, you were born and you were born and you were born.
And the wind, the wind, you were born and you were born.
I don't know how I felt.
I don't know how I felt.
I don't know if I was born.
I don't know if I was born.
I don't know if I was born.
You were born and you were born and you were born and you were born.
I remember you, playing in love.
I remember you, playing in love.
I remember you, playing in love.
I don't know if I was born.
I don't know if I was born.
I don't know if I was born.
I don't know how I felt.
I don't know how I felt.
I don't know how I felt.
I don't know if I was born.
You were born and you were born.
I remember you, playing in love.
I remember you, playing in love.
I don't know how I felt.
I don't know how I felt.
I don't know if I was born.
You were born and you were born.
I don't know if I was born.
I don't know if I was born.
Just unbelievable.
Thank you, Mike, that made my whole Christmas, my New Year, my Hanukkah.
Here it is in my hand untouched by human flesh.
What an album that is and what a picture on the front of the back, by the way.
If there's any horny people out there of any persuasion,
just imagine with a haircut on the front of the back pictures and you'll know what he looks like.
And what he smells like.
Anyway, we have an open line on the blue line, 5249463.
It's our mammoth one and two hours we paved the way for jazz, the jazz master.
Isn't he here yet?
Where the hell is he?
Probably at some titty bar.
Anyway, you ready and candle yet?
No.
Okay, hang on. He's hanging onto it.
Let's do a lady in clear water on a date line.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi, Neil.
How are you doing?
Good. How about yourself?
Great.
Good. I just wanted to thank you for reviving a childhood memory.
And what is that?
The um... am I allowed to say fart?
The fart?
The farting contest.
Oh, the Crapitation contest.
I haven't heard that.
I was in second grade back in Terry Hill, New Jersey.
Right.
A friend used to play that.
And every time we saw a post, we'd go grab it and say,
ooh, he shot.
So, the jump being has been disqualified.
Right.
And I don't know.
It was just funnier to paint my pants.
That thing's been around for over 50 years now.
Has it?
Yeah.
Because, you know, since then, I've told people about it.
I mean, great conversation.
But, um... just because it was so funny.
And I have wandered where you could find something like that.
Uh, last time we were able to get it.
The first time I ever had it, I got a bootleg copy of it.
In 1963, I was working in Batavia, New York.
Uh-huh.
So that's 30 years ago.
Uh-huh.
And then I lost track of it.
And then when I was at WINZ about seven-eight years ago,
somebody sent us a copy of it.
And we found out that Betty's rare records in Louisville, of all places,
had a whole bunch of copies of it.
And we got it... we sold it out for them.
And then she went out of business, I guess.
Uh-huh.
And that was the last place I knew where you could get it.
Geez.
Well, that thing is really funny.
Yeah.
We played every year on the holidays when we have time to get it in.
Do you?
All right.
Um, also, what's going on with, um, as you win?
Because they have promotions of running run in the morning
and last year in the afternoon.
They're not acts in you.
Are they?
No.
No, I'll be on.
Oh, in other words, they're not promoting that I'm going to be on in between?
No.
Well, that's very nice.
Yeah, and here I'm wondering.
What am I, Chop River now?
Yes.
For what they're paying me to be on over there,
at least they can do is at least promote it a little bit.
Yeah.
What about your assholes?
Yeah, they are.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, um, just glad to know that you're still going to be on.
Yeah, I'll be on.
All right.
Good.
Because I don't know what would do it work without you.
Okay, you have a great holiday.
Okay, you do.
Bye.
We have an open line.
It's in date.
It's in date.
It's in date.
It's in date.
It's in date.
It's in date.
It's in date.
It's in date.
It's in date.
It's in date.
It's in date.
It's in date.
It's in date.
It's in date.
It's in date.
It's in date.
It's in date.
It's in date.
It's in date.
It's in date.
It's in date.
It's in date.
It's in date.
It's in date.
With your hands full.
You know Larry King was on C-SPAN a couple days ago, I saw.
Yeah.
And he was on the press club.
And he was given a little, and he goes in.
And he sucks around and answers.
And he says, you know, he got one quoting ad was, I could interview myself.
And what that was pretty insightful.
Yeah, that's cute.
And he was the greatest interviewer.
And he was the greatest interviewer.
And he was the greatest interviewer.
And he was the greatest interviewer.
And he was the greatest interviewer.
And he was the greatest interviewer.
And he was the greatest interviewer.
And he was the greatest interviewer.
And he was the greatest interviewer.
And he was the greatest interviewer.
And he was the greatest interviewer.
And he was said, he was the greatest interviewer.
And so William starts playing the game.
So, this is not the second time, butwives playing such a big game every day.
So, William starts playing so big game every day.
So, William starts to play such a big game, every day.
And so William participate ...
And so William starts playing such a big game, every day.
And so William starts to play such a big game.
And so William starts to play such a big game.
And so William starts to play such a big game.
And so William starts to play such a big game.
And so William starts to play such a big game.
And so William starts to play such a big game.
but uh... he's not a morning guy
oh my god this morning what he was doing was like going on he does he goes into
this big story about his
childhood or some one he met
and
it's all that out he tells it's like reading a book on air
pretty good jury which there is a me a terminal
like i said he's not a morning guy unless you're in the sleep and late
so ron and ron will probably do about a ten share on s u n maybe some of
that'll slap over on to me
and uh... that'll be beautiful i love it
yet a whole bunch of those f m people the people that we were going to get
if we stay down why an efflong enough
now they'll start discovering a rest of the stuff and will be great
exactly
uh... michael jackson's nose
yeah it looks like it's going wild
i mean i don't think he can even but without like switching it around i mean i
think it move it or is no seahorse or is no either
okay predictions yep
letter will go up here to power takes over yes
what do you think i agree and letter i mean
all those guys ice all the little bit like him over the track last night
turn on the tv and i watched about twenty minutes of day
and i don't mind letterman and he's okay but there's not that much there you
know and he had andy williams on
i mean let's face it david if you want to appeal to the younger demographics
andy williams is not the answer okay exactly i mean let's get cereal
i'll blow them both away trust me yeah
does uh... lewis mcgold reward you properly
for playing his music
i hope so
okay i'm waiting have a great holiday pal
okay see
we have an open line just a little kiss okay read on the cheek all those broads
were kissing them on the cheek many had more lipstick
and then they would give him like a uh... clean x you know he would wipe it off
and it's cheap to
i had a mcclean x any wiped it off
anyway it's one fifteen at w i o d or was it the other way around and w
s u n
have more fun but albino's have the most fun of all
listening for your chance to win
anyway one eighteen at w i d so yesterday i caused me about friend q
sick the guy from boston and uh... was asking if i had a friend q
sick tape to play along with all my other hockey highlights
and even though it's painful i should probably destroy it after i played this
one last time because it was our worst
uh... blowjob of a game of the whole year for the opanthers up in boston
what we blew the game we should have won it and then we let him not only tie it
but then win it in the last few seconds but it was a great call thirty seconds left
in regulation
as far as you know
that kind of global and i think you know
uh...
but
very depressing for it but uh... nice call
he's always a nice call when it ruins for but anyway it's one nineteen and
let's do a call are you still uh... holding
you ready
he'll be ready right at the bitter end
let's go to afford a lot of the hello
low
not ready for lottery there are
to them
let's try sunrise hello
hello neal yes sir
how you doing okay
good i want to do a happy holidays and the same to you
and i wanted to ask your opinion on something of course
since uh... s u n is uh... you know changing in the morning in order to
obviously you know attract a younger audience and maybe get some
living in brie and brie and i can be a few of the if-m audience over there
right right
do you think that uh... w i d will follow suit and put someone on the morning
who's actually you know alive
i hope so
i don't know
i mean i know that they've been talking about making changes and of course uh...
i keep here one day certain things are going to happen and other days
maybe they're not going to have it i don't know what they're going to do not
even sure at this point if they know
which is astonishing but uh... when you work for this company i guess you
didn't be all that surprising
yeah because i mean i'm i'm i used to be an if-m listener and i'm a young
person but i enjoy talk radio with i mean the morning show now is just
brutal yeah
turtle
well the uh... in clothing i wanted to ask you uh... what do you think
uh... lary king wants from drew michael's for the holidays
well here's a clue
you so horny
or you some kind of sex machine here
have a great have a great holiday and what do you think drew is reply
oh jesus here we go he's got me manipulating the damn thing again here for
crying out loud
no
uh... there you go
okay
i think anybody's reply to lary one a uh... sexual request would be made would be
uh... no even drew
open line and broard five two four one on the sterling so i assume that jaz is
in the building right was that his wife that i just saw in there that i
waived to that i assume and see me the finger back or something like that
well five fingers
maybe it's just a thick finger
okay let's go to uh... homo sasa hello
now yes sir
hey listen
that i think this is gonna be a great lead in it can elite this audience into you
right over here
and we're looking forward to getting into you going to it really
somebody vandalize one of blopster signs over here yeah it says w-s-u-x
you i love it
i don't i think it's a broad uh... horrible i think it's cute why would people go
and vandalize the sign for the blopster
probably because the opi painted it
and i tell you the other thing is these these uh... but had to have been
called in and flam in the blopster this man just did it
few hours of
silent
absolutely solo radio monologue
very meaningful dialogue
about christmas
yeah feelings and thoughts and ideas
and i think maybe these insensitive people such as this but had from day
city
just can appreciate talent when they see it right
is got
there you go
okay thanks bob
get new phone so we recognize your voice better next time
we have an open line in uh...
broard five to four one on the green line one eight hundred nine four four nine four six
three the word you're looking for sir is ponders i think
one twenty two and w i o d and w s u n
uh...
stomp radio six
and you i o d
maricose msona happy new year this is my projection of the jackson five
wishing a happy holiday to all of them
that's that i can't stand up relentless bitch one twenty four at w i o d
here's a mobile in four-letter hello
yes sir
thanks for getting me so quick
uh... i got a huge favor to ask of you see i've got my wife who for the first
time and she has never heard
that card of where's the chicken
uh... that's a chicken back there
would you please please play that for
uh...
and also she's a definitive i don't know lady i don't know if we got that
really
uh... what about what about where that is i think we just put your whole god
damn holiday sir
well not quite i've got a life but uh... it's just would have been nice
is that it that's not a computer is it yours that chicken thing
oh wait a minute maybe it's down in my uh...
little private stashdown here i'll look for a while you a b s
alright and finally you know i i just want to say something to our best friend
bill
yeah
is not a three-reppin
rock setting
okay
i'll see if i can find the chicken for you
see
that's what they say in the rectum
uh...
i don't know what that we did with that would we lose a a cart that valuable for
crying out on
uh...
sandy calls rick and suds
dental floss i've been looking for that for a long time we have a whole lot of
stuff we need to put in a computer since we have two hours just sitting there
there's a sick and tired of luya garr
kisses ass
what the hell is that kisses ass
what is that
and you and every player in uniform should line up in
kisses ass
okay
but i don't see that the chicken back there thing i think somebody ran off with our
god damn chicken you know what
well no what that'll happen with it
okay will work on the digging up for you for the new year's sir i'm ready
reminded me
candle i'm sure isn't ready yet are you ready
you ready
let's go to a highly on a starline hello
hello now yes sir
are you doing first-time great
long-time listener
wonderful i have a luiz Miguel report
see
tomorrow night
the moon though eight o'clock
on telomundo
telomundo eight o'clock right
just for you now
what's it gonna be
well it's it's he's gonna be there with conchita
conchita long so and some more conchita Ruiz
yes yeah i hope you like it what is it gonna be
it's gonna be like a special i think it's a Christmas special tomorrow night at eight
eight beautiful
much as classiest okay and by the way i can i call people doobab
go ahead everybody my amie highlight you're all a bunch of doobab
oh okay see ya wow
boy it's gonna be luiz Miguel intensive if all these reports are true
telomundo tomorrow which i think on a satellite is a g-48 i do believe
and comes in very very well i mean you watch it on 51 but who needs to watch that
when you can see it like crystal three-dimensional clear on g-48 on your satellite
and then next weekend on channel 23 or somewhere up there on the bird next to new year's
evening at midnight from arjantina no less he's just all over the place man he's just big and
gigantic he's covering the world with his warm sensuous uh... tanned silky
body let's go to venez hello venez
is there a menace in venez
hello there he is sorry i'm working over here that's okay you're working on what
uh... some douchebags tile okay i'm calling about this run and run deal
yes sir i don't really care about them being on in the morning because i don't
turn radio on to about nine forty five okay
but what i'm p-o-d about is i'm taking rick and suds off well there you go see
there's uh... that's a little problem there
i can listen to blob in the after there gonna be a lot of the whole switch over all
the living and breathing people probably bail out at two o'clock and in the uh... old
f-l-a-crowdle coming so the demographic may take a turn for the a worst of two
yeah the numbers and run runs numbers weren't that good before they left they weren't
now they were on their way down i thought they were kicking ass over there and
well they were dropping well wouldn't that be a shame if they came over there and
only did like a marginal number in view of all of the gillians the dollars they're
getting paid that would be too good yeah i don't think they're gonna do any good
because i'm counting on them for at least a ten share lead in here
don't hold your breath okay you know you arrive when you said they were up there in
lana a couple weeks ago getting ready to screw everything up yeah well they're
working on a real hard they still haven't figured out what they're screwing up
here yet that goes to show you how decisive they are well we'll keep our
fingers crossed that they don't miss things up too much there and monday morning i'm
gonna call tom del vito and give him a piece of my mind good give him a piece
i have good i'll tell you to thanks for all your work see you
how do you like that so some people are happy i'd be honest with you i'd of course like i
said the people who are running run listeners for the most part and i don't think they're all
that great i'm not gonna sit here and say oh geez they're coming on out there the greatest
thing in the world i'm happy that they're gonna be on over there because i think they will bring
a lot of the fm crowd in the morning and that'll help me honest you when because it'll help get
a lot of people tuning in that station you otherwise never would turn on a him under penalty
adept that can only help but like i said this company is does not have the balls to put on
Howard stern and uh... that's the answer a lot of money yes but i don't think as much money is
what it's gonna cost for them and we'll see in the long run what's what's gonna what fly
and what's not gonna fly i know i'm a sure ain't flying over there i'll tell you that this last
trend qyk a m with i'mus and g Gordon litty and uh... don and mike didn't show at all i mean nothing
zero zippity doodah like less than a hundred people average quarter hour like why even
wasted use to turn on the transmitter that kind of thing here's hi alia boyness to you good afternoon
you yes sir listen that guy that call for the blob you should probably be related or off the blob
is given them something for him to call probably give them some free meat listen your trip went
pretty good over there in Vegas huh yeah other than the fact that i was sick but you know if you
kind of scrape that aside and ignore that and the fact that i almost got screwed out of my tickets
but you know that it's only the end result accounts you know i wonder if you had if you had come
through somebody was supposed to get your backstage passes or something nothing no tickets no passes
no nothing nada all right now if i wouldn't have made that phone call uh... right around midday
on saturday and reserved a couple of seats which turned out to be sensational if i wouldn't have
made that call i had gotten nothing you'd have been screwed i'd come back with nothing in my hands
so you know maybe somebody out there trying to set you up uh...
and uh... giving you all these false hopes and stuff like that was that was an inside job here that
was a case of too many of people with their finger in the thing making too many promises
and uh... people in the between who were doing what they were supposed to that's all
listen uh... i don't know if you're aware of it but uh... mister stern support to have a special
show on request right i knew you're the right and i think you're talking about another station that
it'll be the first time that he'll be uh... uncensored and nobody can really tell them what to do
and what not to do so that should be a little interesting so i i don't know what is it forty bucks i
think eighty bucks i don't know i get it for free oh i see okay uh... uh... uh...
uh... mister geiger yes sir had a very good game last night when i'm surprised we haven't called you back
because he was calling you a few times last year yeah uh... since you got that haircut he's never called us
anymore yeah slam dunk and donuts yeah can you get that can't do it it's an acn
thing oh one of my favorites too by the way of magnificent taste but i can't play it okay then
you have a very pretty good promise is you on monday morning between nine and ten you'll play
slam dunk and don't itself okay promises all right you have a very very crisp and back to you
all right i'll see you open line of day seven five one nine four six three how about elijah one
or small one or medium one i take a medium one right now but no kareem please but no kareem well
i think about that well i'm looking at this picture right now on this album now i understand why
that you can't find this out cd and any of the stores this is the one that sells out first although
that here's got to go the way well it did go i mean you grow out of that long amazon looking
here but good god what is that no one of your wife picked this up and now i know why you made her
take it back okay let's go to uh... fort lauderdale hello hi nil yes sir what's going on we're doing
it now we're right on the edge of a departing i'm standing here on a payphone waiting for a plane to
the park going to see my guys relatives in indiana indiana yeah hallelujah man i was driving over here
and i'll uh... i'll give that lady another uh... jewish soap opera soap opera actor yeah remember jake
mire on general hospital jake mire the lawyer no he married bobby the only time ever watch general
hospital was when black he was on it john stamos namo rick springfield was on it even before that i
think very briefly yeah he played no a drake right there you go i watched it briefly and i've
been guiding light fan for so long and they're on a competing time so i never really got too much
to general hospital yeah this guy to play the his name was uh... jake mire he was an attorney he
married bobby who's been married so many times i don't i can't even keep up with a last name but
uh... but they did a little manoral writing thing and he gave a little dissertation on uh... on the
right there was another jewish guy wait a minute just came back to me wait a minute i think the
actors name was larry bergman he but no still bergman that was the guy's name it was on search for
tomorrow you probably don't even remember that actually for my time yeah there used to be a show
was on a twelve thirty and the woman's name who played the uh... lead or her name was uh...
john something or other and that was one of the oldest soaps it was on from twelve thirty to twelve
forty five and then after that guiding light was on fifty minutes back in the day with their
all fifty minutes soaps and there was a guy her best friend the lead actress her best friend's name
was stew bergman uh... before my time there's a question for tomorrow right now but uh... what
other thing uh... my rangers got taken apart one thing i've been there with unconscious
but they came back last night they should have a shot out wash it yeah one of them
but uh... rickard and play raster really he played really quite there you go
what i can say is did you get my picture of the fact
of what
that you remember actually can't run the i want to go to the game
from uh... from woman got to pick up before i did all on nobody went with me at all
because i was too sick i don't want anybody sitting there reading my germs in
no i didn't get any picture no
now you're asking for a date to go to game
i sent you picture of the fact never got it somebody must have intercepted it
so i'd be waiting for a call if i was you know i'm in trouble now
your picture i have a great holiday and you too all right see you
okay open line it's in brown or five two four nine four six three one thirty five
and w i o d and w s u n
i did eight following sports talk six ten
it's randy rose
news talk radio six ten
where are you
the new i o d
no solamente is hang cold work
that being a little bit of a time all
oh
renting on the airways
horny
bitchy one
you
fantasies will have to do you ain't getting
none
reality escapes you
you lie and you scheme
randy dream on randy
you'll never have me
you
steamboat randy
little bitch with trees
going down life sink in high
way is that sad lonely
clown
everyone knows the only one who's
he goes in the clouds
that bloodshot and wasted
talking trash with a smile
you heads up your ass
it ain't been out in a while
oh
twenty one till two
and w i was wasn't too bad today you
know if this was a piece of cake just
like sliding right off the edge of a
cliff like Roger Thorpe anyway the
album thanks again to Mike Nadell
who seemed to be really a surly
back in the surroundings didn't
and seem to be too comfortable
being back in his building like oh
what a horrible place
which i'm sure is true of anybody
who ever worked here and finally got
out but anyway brought me the album
and look at that speaking of
somebody who came in and got out and
came back in again there's old jaz
mccay and there in the other room
the always assertive and sometimes
bizarre jaz mccay will be on this
afternoon and all afternoon tomorrow
from one to six and all week next
week and got on the nose how much
longer in fact he much is take over
not leave it all if he gets like a
good enough so actually you wrote in
in a car didn't you huh you didn't
come in on a hog this man probably
never even saw motorcycle in his life
i got too much i got too much marvelous
uh... for his comedy material to carry
on a motorcycle
there
have had had had had had had had to leave
the stuff laying around the station yeah
i know joey used to bring stuff into
the box to look what it did for him now joey
in the box anyway now he don't read a
who's he kidding anyway let's go to uh...
my me hello
yes sir uh... yeah i was reading that story
about murkarmars yes uh... yeah
kand of qam they said i still a way go get
out of here i like the parts when they
said uh... w
q-r-m-issue and internal member that states that maris is not to be allowed
on the station
right not a lot of the premises and then he called the koper city police to
escort him over there when he came to fit pick up his final paycheck
in other words you get to feel that maybe there was just a certain amount of
little hostility near right like you are going to be the crap out of the
exactly which for would not have been great to see him just ripped the eyebrows
officer gaki space that would have been so
so uh... with the w.a.w.d. hiring
uh... you want to really honest answer
would we hire mercury morris to do sports on this prestigious radio station
you want my honest opinion
uh... now
unlikely
can i call someone to do some of the money i guess uh... john bull your
douche bag and full of all okay and have a great holiday
see i
us uh...
came you'll be this
anyway
i'm obsessed i have an illness man i got to go for a lot of me
i have to go and have a big operation and have them undrill that whole we
spent the whole thing for my brain
i thought i was obsessed before the concert now it's like when we get the
schedule you should have asked mike the dollar we get the schedule of the a
tour for nineteen ninety four
because i got to start booking all my flights now and of course share will have
to get all her contacts to make sure she gets me my tickets and backstage
passage of the process passage
here's a palm beach hello
palm beach
hello
hello
yes very jerky rest limbaugh
okay rush limbaugh's got okay there's a lot of other little nazi in training i'm
sure that daddy put them on the phone daddy is busy burning across out on
the front lawn and daddy put little billy on the phone to say that i'm a jerk
and rush limbaugh's got
and go up your little nazi uniform on your little swastika and go up and down
the streets and paint some swastika's and some Jewish people's houses
and have a nice holiday billy
and got rusty married gentlemen
here's uh... for later they'll hello
here sir how are you today great
and you know it's really possibly that the least Miguel might be Jewish
possible there's only one way to find out for sure
uh... and i would like to volunteer to do the investigative work uh... the
re you know the reason i asked that uh... i
did a recent trip up to
with charlotte recently we decided to take a quick trip across the state
of tenisee go towards Memphis and see old grace plan
and uh...
just before grace plan you spot believe in another temple
by the name of temple
but they are who
yahoo
and uh...
i love it
and i went inside and uh... i see pictures of all this all over the wall
and uh... i i said the rabbi what's what's the story going on here is the
rabbi olmali what's the story going here
and he turned to me and with apologies to a
team of queen and uh... Alan Sherman
he said that
elvis press these Jewish would you believe it
he's just like you and i
loves Memphis matsu bribes
and priscilla's a shame a middle could you conceive it
such a living doll
in her mcflash all
colonel tom sapphardic
father vernan and leesa marie
they have all been dotting since they sat on their mami's knees
and a joy
elvis became her civic would you believe it
and a bliss
and grew some pay is to
as a matter of fact
the gantza mishbuckers glad kosher
since they were converted by you
was rabbi leeway
elvis us jahoo's show miss you
uh... beautiful present to you a beautiful job sir
and this was mister nine
or nine six
and all right thank you nil
saia
beautiful
i've had a lot of
fills in my life
three kids
a gorgeous white
such looks
i'm thrilled about my car over the air
my sister Sarah
and john o harris books
but the thrill of thrills that gave my heart a cloud
was the thrilling night
when i've really
found
all
the mcQueen is Jewish would you believe
is just like you and i
couldn't you almost
and carry granted you wish could you conceive it
yes
such a living dog
in a prayer show
okay
and i'll be okay
josh patto bright and rich at hunting
not to mention that lovely couple
harry and bell of
fun
ranks and not just you wish but you believe it
shone cuttery and linden johnson to
know it as a matter of fact
the whole world is Jewish since i fell in love
with you rosy mechanical
since i fell in love with you
and maybe even that great private dick shylock homes and his brother john
it's twelve or one four don't say that one forty six at w i o d and w s u a
it's the latest news from the six ten w i o d new center each hour
plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast
and
mister maric
captain
jesus
united eight it's the men's and family Christmas special
yes all Satanic is back with the whole cland
kipsy sadie squeaky snake and text getting together for a holly july sing along
right in your living room
oh sharentate oh sharentate
where do you keep the blender root off the blood so free here
and every john bell
and if you ever saw it
you'll make a real life
they'll be carving more than just turkey
so let charlaine his friends into your home tonight
the men's and family Christmas special
kept local listings and your doors and windows
one forty nine why did i just remember to play that when jazz came in a
something about him here's a mobile in my hand me hello
hey Neil how you doing sir how you doing we got
merry christmas to you and the same to you i mean happy holidays
happy uh... hannaka and the new year and poor him big guy when i you guys
gonna bring up that's a little one in there
what are we gonna bring one?
i'm gonna bring the cellular one line here i'm so glad you ask because i
haven't got any idea uh... we just wish the cellular one now we got sixty
free minutes and that's what i'm calling you take a real deep breath now and i'll
call you back in about a week or two and let you have the answer
i haven't got any idea i didn't even know we were gonna have a cell one line
and one day i'm listening to the station there's a promo on
and coming soon like any second for all you cellular one customers a special
line for you i don't know when it's coming
yeah
hey look i've been listening to you about that lose me all day
see
yeah i think he's that great looking guy
oh my god
i just saw him sir i was just there you were there i was just a matter of a few
feet away from him i could reach out and touch his sweating smooth silky
tan chest that's how close i was didn't believe me
i don't know why he doesn't do anything for me well what can i tell you
neither did all those uh... scantley dressed babes that were running up on
staging grab a disaster into anything for me either i don't think for him
neither to be honest with it
to each its own well listen work in that cell
i'm working on it and the phone to have a good one let me say my minute my
minutes here
okay see you he's saving them
let's go to for rainy day here's clear water hello
hey how you doing now pretty good
listen happy all day and the same
the biggest thing i wanted to tell you was about nineteen seventy six i heard that
the preputation contest or whatever it was
and i got a tape and unfortunately i let the tape out and never got it back but
it was gene tracy it was like truck stop fifty seven had a bunch of comedy bits
but i've seen it uh... actually not like it at peaches but like an off you know
record uh... you know i'll tell you the original recording of that was from the
thirties uh...
from way back in the thirties from the canadian some canadian bootleg thing i don't
know where it was originally done but it was in canada somewhere well if that
lady you know she called and stuff maybe if she could find it maybe go to small
for all shops i've seen it's truck stop fifty seven and gene tracy
okay it's on there's like the last bit but it's got actually some it's got a lot
of nose picking stuff on here but it's got some good bits on there too well you
know you got to pick your nose first before you get to uh... that part all right
now i love you show me on have a good holiday you too thanks bye
here's the four-letter on the starline hello
hey nil and howl at a two-year back to you and uh... thanks for uh...
and use my year and uh...
get the good inside of what's going on in the local radio as well it's uh...
right to listen to you i got one question for you i uh...
uh... nameless but i mean i had a
satellite my house i got my body
really low-end operation i know you got
satellite you tell me who i might call
well i got i got mine from rice international i don't know who you did
business with i hope it wasn't them
but uh...
all right you know i'm a little nervous because i've also dealt with a couple
of companies that i wouldn't wish on my dogs you know they were really uh...
see that's the thing that bothers me no satellite dishes are so great and the
technology now so tremendous
why do so many of the companies that deal with satellite seem to be so sleazy and
so you know i'm talking about i can't rip your off yeah but rice seem to be
pretty uh... you know pretty straightforward and they uh... deal with like uh...
getting your permits if you need one and all the other stuff they seem to know
their stuff rice internationally do you like all of us out florida
i'm gonna get my call one of the thought
uh...
uh... you know i had my body photographs getting back to that
don't you think it may be uh...
uh... he might have been ordered to uh...
full of them stop the white spots might have uh... use the little shine all right
liquid
yeah there you go
little white out
equity so i mean you know it's gonna know only the chip knows for sure sir
have a way out of it
i'll be out of you and uh... happy nineteen ninety four same to you
tarpon springs hello
hey neil yeah
how's it going but pretty good
all right i think i'm job on his phone line can you hear it
uh... no not all while amazing
uh... dude we're gonna miss rick and sudsman
but you know who's gonna benefit the most run on yes
you buddy i think so
because i know about ninety percent of their audience from listening to
that run around here for many years right are gonna be turned on to you
because you just blow bob away about i think about
ninety percent are gonna drop off when bob comes on
because you know bob this morning he did a two hour monologue on some
christmas thing man
and all these old people call out
two hours
oh boy
yeah
that's what he really wants he wants to go back in there like i said before do
the fla thing line was gone now fla seems to be throwing in the towel
and he's gonna go any afternoon and pretend he's on fla even though he's on six
twenty and he's gonna get all those old people and i have all the chronic's on
there and kind of like rekindle that thing which you'll probably have a big
number but the meeting demographic will be death
absolutely
hey i got your shirt man excellent you look like Larry King buddy
exactly hey i got one more question yeah without the ball spot
hey do you remember my childhood do i remember one much your childhood
no oh you don't do you remember blowing bubbles in your little
see ya
ask michael jaxson see ya cute
anyway now i do have a big ball spot but it's like you have to look over the top
to see it that's the good part if you sit with your head back a little bit
always got a little hair that's nice not too much
but anyway so that's the deal starting a week from monday we got
at s u when we go see i wish i could tell a Miami audience which is most of our
audience here in south florida what the hell's going on here but i don't know
and i'm not holding any information back and uh... if i had it i might have to
hold it back but i don't have it all i know is that something's going on
something's in the air something's gonna happen and god only knows if even the
if even the powers that be know what the hell is gonna happen
i do know can i say for one good thing that we know that Chuck Meyer will continue
to be here no matter what it's gonna be no matter what he's gonna be doing he
definitely will continue to be here i can say that line oh it's true
so that even though maybe there'll be a change in the show and maybe there won't uh...
who knows but chuckle be here and we love chucking is a great guy in a real pro and we're happy
about that but i don't know is the best i can say which sounds awfully stupid but in
Tampa we do know that starting a week from monday run and run in the morning six to ten
i'll still be on her tended to uh... last year will be on uh... putting you into a coma from two
and after that to be honest with you i don't think they've got the fog is clue i don't
think they have a stinkin idea so we're consistent we may not be good but we're consistent
don't forget to get out to peaches this weekend to pick up all the best of and already tapes and
all that stuff very christmas happy new year happy poor them and all that other good stuff
watch out for Santa sliding down that pool grease it up a little bit for and the pool too
uh...
school
and
i wanted
La misfa deyer, la que lo supe a la a lo se porque
Amé a tu, la misfa deyer, le incondicional
La que no espera la a la a tu, la misfa deyer
La que lo supe a la a tu, la misfa deyer
Le incondicional
La que no espera la a la a tu, la misfa deyer
La que no espera la a la a tu, la misfa deyer
I Luis Miguel Dios
Squared Squared
South Florida's News Talk and Entertainment Station
News Talk Radio's 16 WIOD, Miami Fort Lauderdale
