Francisco Arruca is the best radio show on here.
What time is he on?
I don't know.
News talk radio 610, WIOD presents The Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with Neil, dial 751, WIOD from date.
Inbroward, 524, WIOD.
Outside the 305 area code, toll free 1-800-944-WIOD.
And Bell South mobility customers make it a free call
by dialect star, IOD.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show on News talk radio 610, WIOD.
Oh, yeah.
In the wind, DIY.
As you see, hey, hey.
Oh.
Hold it right there, buddy.
Subriety check.
Get out of your car, stand on one foot,
with your finger on your nose, wiggle your ears,
and count backwards and Chinese while doing a Bart Simpson impression,
and it better be good.
Get your subriety check today.
Stop at the checkpoint that's blocking your way.
Don't give a hurry, well, that's true, don't bad.
Dole-toe, some little tricks.
Place on little game, then we'll know what you've had.
Hold it right there, buddy.
Subriety check.
I want you to say your ABCs.
Ah, misscusi, officer, amidi, ciace, farlo, un, pili, tollano.
What kind of drunken, maniacal gibberish is that?
I'm afraid you'll have to be beaten into sobriety.
Get your subriety check today.
Stop at the checkpoint that's blocking your way.
Don't give a hurry, well, that's true, don't bad.
Dole-toe, some little tricks.
Place on little game, then we'll know what you've had.
Hold it right there, subriety check.
Yeah, man, listen, I just killed five people in a hold-up.
Look, here's my bag of money and my smoking shotgun.
I'm turning myself in.
Now, hold on, partner.
Calm down.
Are you sober?
Yeah.
Well, then, for God's sake, man, move it along.
Can't you see I'm conducting a sobriety check?
Dole-toe, some little tricks.
Place on little game, then we'll know what you've had.
Happy holidays, man.
10-08-a-W-I-O-D on a tremendous Monday,
right smack in the middle, and what the hell am I doing here?
That's the question.
We're just like in neutral.
We're just coasting until next Monday, at the very least.
Especially in Tampa, we're just coasting.
I just spoke to Valvita, and he's all excited.
He's like Rumble Stiltskin and Heat more so than usual.
And they're getting everything all cranked up for Ron and Ron
in the morning over there.
Bob Green says to me this morning, boy, you're sure
gonna have a great lead in over in Tampa,
as you went with Ron and Ron.
And of course, the natural response would have been,
and well, that's great, Bob, but how about over here?
How booted?
But I didn't do that.
I didn't have the heart to do that.
Because evidently, see, that's the new hobby here.
In fact, I heard it all weekend long on this radio station.
That's the new topic.
That's basically the only topic of conversation
is what's gonna be the new lineup.
Let's have everybody play program director
and what's gonna be the new lineup.
Son S U N on I O D on whatever you like.
Wherever you want to stick your finger on the radio.
Or wherever else you want to stick it.
Blah-bo, by the way, was on Tate this morning,
an all week long.
So Bob is history in the morning on S U N.
He has done his last morning show, M O U R N I N G,
on WSU N.
And next week, we'll be there in afternoon drive
against the dangerous geriatric algardner.
They must be losing it.
Over there at F LA, they must be just throwing in the towel.
I don't understand it.
Jack Harris, who's 100 years old in the morning,
and the fascist Nazi in the midday,
which of course, will still do a number.
And algardner in the afternoon, they must be out of their minds.
So there's nobody, and look at the green lines this morning.
See that?
There's nobody listening to S U N at all
because we got a whole week's worth of tape.
Because last year, he's getting primed to go back in the afternoon.
Recycling his body clock, I guess, is what he's doing.
Something like that.
So anyway, Velvita says, well, how was the game last night?
I said, well, on TV, it looked pretty good.
The May Panthers 1, 3 to 1.
So I made a big stink about that.
Give me some tickets.
I'm going up to the game, all that other crap.
And my schedule showed the game.
A Sunday game, which like all of our home games here in the arena,
our 6 o'clock, it showed at 605.
Never even dawned on me to look at the tickets and see if indeed it was a 6 o'clock game
or if it was like some asshole that changed the time of the game.
And low and behold, some asshole changed the time on the game.
735 for TV no doubt.
So I'm on the turnpike, tooling up there on my way to go to the game.
Got my Panther jacket on.
I got my tickets in my pocket.
And luckily, something, I don't know what it was, but I decided I'd better take a look at those tickets.
I wasn't even looking for the time.
I was looking for something else.
And out of the corner of my eye, I spy the time, 735 pm.
Well, this is like a quarter.
It's now, it's about 215.
735.
I'm going up there to get there at 5 o'clock for a game that starts at 6.
I get off the turnpike, like at Okachobi Road in West Palm Beach.
Turn around, make a quick U turn and get the hell home.
I mean, what the hell are they thinking about?
I'm figuring out a game starts at 6.
It'll be over a little before 9.
I'll be home before midnight.
No sweat.
As it turns out, I'd have been home like 1.32 o'clock in the goddamn morning,
which turns out to be a very comatose boring game, by the way,
which it always seems to be when I watch the lightning play for some reason,
like the game over there, that opener, where we had almost 30,000 people,
and the bees are shutting out to nothing.
And then the Leafs game, where they shut them out to nothing also,
which was a terminal sloppy game.
And then the game last night in Orlando.
Terminal and sloppy.
Ford has not lost the game this year when going into the third period with a late.
Chris Joseph, fine, cleared away, kept in,
Paul pokes it behind the goal.
Now it comes in front, back-hated by Hall-Rebound, they're star!
Skrewdland gets the rebound, and 23 seconds into the third.
The Panthers have taken a three-nothing lead.
And that's basically all you need to know.
Okay, 3-1, the final score, the Panthers.
And how about those guys who were seeing last summer when it came to find out
we're going to have a hockey team, and all those West Coast Yahoo's
who were saying, boy, we sure can't wait until the fall, boys,
so we can kick your ass.
So the Lightning could kick the Panthers ass.
Well, last time I checked, they played four times with only one to go,
and the Panthers have won three of them, and one ended up in a tie.
I guess got benevolent in that game.
Let them get back in the third period after having a three-one lead,
and gave them a three-three tie.
But other than that, we've beat them every time.
And they've looked pretty important to me, to be honest with them.
They look really sad.
They just lethargic at best.
Kind of lethargic crowd there last night, and who can blame them on a Sunday night
to start the game at 735?
Not too smart, Mr. Esposito.
Not too brilliant.
Stupid move.
But anyway, we'll take the two points.
Thank you.
33 points looks really good to me.
Only one game under 500, and the Panthers are doing just fine.
Thank you very, very much.
And then, of course, we had the jazz master on over the weekend.
Are we going to do a survey to find out who took that dump on the floor downstairs?
Do we, uh...
Oh!
One thing about jazz McCay, he and his entourage have sure added an interesting element
to this building.
Make no mistake about it.
I can't point any fingers.
However, jazz you did leave.
Jazz will be in all this week for Rick and Suds, starting this afternoon between two and six.
And jazz left some of his apparatus behind here.
I didn't know who to whom it belonged, but I picked it up off the copy file
and dropped it all on the floor.
So as I'm picking it up and putting it back into the, uh...
briefcase or whatever that thing is, I'm noticing some very strange ramblings on there.
I mean, some really bizarre and strange and wild and interesting stuff.
So he'll be on it to this afternoon for some real wild and bizarre and strange and interesting radio no doubt.
And we can like to sit around and analyze.
I especially like the, uh, ten minute call from Brian the board op at the end as I was driving up.
I thought to Orlando on Saturday.
At the end of the show is Brian working our show today.
Nice call, Brian.
Not.
What a butt looking fool, man.
That, I still say that's the one thing if I've taught you anything in the year 1993.
I've tried teaching it for years, but nobody wants to believe it, especially the callers,
because they don't want to admit it about themselves.
But sucking is basically what calling talk shows us all about.
But sucking fools.
Oh, you're so, it's like last Friday.
I mean, the guys down here, the first day Rick and Suds are on vacation.
They're not even out of the state yet, probably.
Oh, yeah, Rick and Suds blow. You're great.
You know, we can put a monkey on.
And this is not a shot at jazz. It's just a shot at the callers in general.
No matter who you put on, oh, yeah, they were okay.
But God, you're like a real hipster, man. You're a hipster.
That's my favorite line.
A hipster.
It's 1014 at WIOD and WSUN.
Ooh, it's Rick and Suds. Then it's six. It's sports talk 610.
New stock radio 610.
Oh.
Come on, you WIOD.
You know, in the D.A.Y.S.U.C.A.S.
This New Year's Eve, some stations are going to throw parties.
Some stations are going to have fun.
But not this station.
Because this station is going to make you a new person for the New Year.
A new...
You prove.
You.
Just be the 10th color when you hear this sound.
And we'll come to your house and lock you in an empty closet.
That's right.
There'll be no more beer.
No more cigarette.
And no more unprotected sex with minor.
You won't have to make New Year's resolutions.
Because you'll be locked in a closet.
Living a life without temptation.
You'll also be finned dehydrated and soiled.
Winners will be denied beer, cigarettes, and unprotected sex with minors for a period of not less than one year from the date of contest.
Unless, of course, winner opts to have sex with himself in which case we'll still make you a condom and asbestos smitten.
New Year's resolutions.
Why make him when you don't have to break him?
People listening for your chance to win.
By the way, thanks again to Mike Nadal, the former WIOD board opts to turn the record promoter.
He brought me that fantastic Bousska Unimulhead album on Friday and changed my entire life forever and will never be the same again.
Or yours either.
So anyway, as long as we're playing amateur program director and that seems to be the only topic of conversation on the radio station, that and of course he's made a comeback.
You know this, Gene Spanato, we've been...
It was either Friday, I must have been Saturday.
And just before the end of the show and it goes on and on.
Oh yeah, you're really great over there.
You know that dual Michael's. He don't belong on the air at all.
You belong here.
You should put you on here.
You know what, jazz, you're really great.
See, Gilbert's another one of those people who ever will put him on a year and will ever tolerate him is immediately the greatest and should be on the year like 20 hours a day.
So Gilbert can do his thing and destroy the radio station again.
I have no idea where this all came from again.
First it started with Rick and Suds and then all of a sudden Gene Spanato and Adam and then Randy of all people and Jim inviting him to come in here and do stuff for their show.
And now the jazz master, it's like, all Gilbert all day I think.
It's going to be the new format here at WIOD.
Maybe that's the thing.
Maybe Gilbert would be doing morning drive, huh?
Wouldn't that be a great way to wake up in the morning?
Yeah, that would do it for me.
So anyway, who knows?
So the only one thing I do know for sure since they're very tight-lipped around here and they give you a whole bunch of song and a dance and a lot of stories is that I don't know anything.
I do know that there are going to be some changes made.
I know that Chuck Meyer is safe.
Thank the Lord for that.
Chuck is safe.
He will still be here.
They're going to pay him a lot of money just to hang out and eat a lot of food or something like that.
But because we all love Chuck, we just know that he was put in an impossible situation and that the whole concept in the morning sucks just like the WIOD Christmas party.
And probably I came from the same source, that concept.
I don't want to mention any names because he is in the building.
But you know, same general ideas.
And as far as I hear jazz saying, I don't think so.
I think it would be good to have Randy on any afternoon because Lassiter is going to be on in Tampa any afternoon.
Randy over here, any afternoon because a lot of people are forgotten that when she fell down for Rick and Suds over here, it was great.
She did a tremendous job, the audience loved her and it would be perfect.
Then she wouldn't have to be on in Tampa because they don't like her over there.
She's too New York and too Jewish for that market. They don't want any part of her.
Okay. So that would be perfect.
And then we throw somebody on here at night that they could carry over there at night like jazz.
If we could get in there a burdo to spend overtime and come into building with like a gigantic pale and bucket and do a lot of mopping up.
I mean, maybe that wasn't him.
Who else was here over the weekend?
Bo Camper. He wouldn't take a dump on the floor. What do you? I don't think so.
Not a next jockey. He wouldn't do that.
A lot of stress about the big games tonight, but I don't think Kim would do that. What do you?
Maybe he was just one of those biker friends of jazz that just couldn't quite make it, you know?
Because pot seems to be the obsession with those people, not necessarily the one you sit on.
Anyway, the first call on Friday. I'm driving home out of here.
Here's jazz filling in for Rick and Suds. The very first call. See, a lot of times it's not the host.
It's the callers who destroy your potential.
Very first call out of the box.
And a guy is talking about, he's got some verbal for play about some allegedly talking about something else.
But then after like 30 seconds, he gets to the real purpose of the call.
Well, you know, I don't know where Rick stands on legalization to marijuana jazz, but I know you're all for it.
And don't you think it's about time?
And I thought to myself, boy, it's a perfect time to put that new CD into my CD player in the car.
And I did pop it right in there immediately if not sooner.
In addition to which, how is it possible for anybody who really listens to Rick and Suds not to know where Rick stands on legalization of the wicked weed?
Is it possible?
I mean, let's get serious.
But anyway, that seems to be like we've got a certain element out there of the jazz followers who are like one track.
Thank you so much, Melissa.
A couple of hard tacos from Taco Bell. And they are so nice and so hard that it makes for a perfect day.
So anyway, some of the callers would like to give it a rest already because the rest of us don't want to keep hearing.
It's pointless. Okay, it's just repetitious. It's a same old crap over and over and over again.
Yeah, they should legalize it. No, they're not going to do it anytime in our lifetime in this country because we're in the dark ages.
And that's the name of the game and go burn one and get out of my face. And that's the bottom line.
Look at those Tampa lines. Is that going to be that way all day long because Bob is on tape all week this week?
What a lead in he's provided, you know what?
I probably couldn't have gotten a call these last several months without Lancet or doing mornings over there because they sure don't turn it on at 10 o'clock.
Although how the hell were we doing, you know, making some progress before he started doing mornings? Well, that seems to have changed.
The one good thing is with Ron and Ron over there in the morning starting next week. Well, actually might have some living and breathing audience who might just be tempted to stick around and sample what's on afterward.
And then we'll get to Lancet or with his geriatric people in the afternoon so he can go back and do his old FL labor routine.
1022 at WIOD and WSUN.
Miss the weekend magazine featuring the latest news, information, trends and what's happening this Saturday and Sunday morning right here.
1025 OT.
And now here's another exciting offer from video treasure chest. The 1950s kid show Howdy Duty featured Buffalo Bob and a myriad at named Howdy.
But in the original pilot Howdy wasn't a puppet at all as this lost classic show.
Hi kids.
Hi Buffalo Bob.
You know what time it is?
His Howdy Duty Triumph.
That's right. And you know where Howdy Duty lives?
In your hands Buffalo Bob.
That's right. And you know why they call me Buffalo Bob?
Because you're how I go Buffalo.
Right again. Now who wants to shake hands with Howdy?
The lost Howdy Duty pilot is that a puppet in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Can be yours for just 1995 and local video stores. Video treasure chest. We've got rooms of this crap.
That damn fat guy. I can't stand him.
1025 at WIOD. Let's do a Kindle. Hello.
Good morning Neil.
Yes sir. Buenos to you sir.
Yeah Buenos to you too. Call it to let you have a report on the Marvin and Adam show.
It's amazing that you should answer that because I haven't even asked it yet.
Well it's because I was on my mind. I didn't hear it.
Well I'm a big fan of Marvin and Adam.
Yeah. The show wasn't half bad.
Yeah. But it wasn't half good either.
I think I enjoyed the show.
Okay but some of the things they let some of the callers just ramble on way too long.
And then they dump some of the people who seem like well I don't know.
I say they. I think Adam was in control of the button.
Yeah. Adam is the dominant one in that period.
Trust me. Oh definitely. I think he's the one that's on top most of the time.
But he kept dumping people that I thought would be some interesting callers.
And me not nothing. What do you mean he kept dumping?
Dropping the knock him off the line saying goodbye. See you later.
Adios. Oh.
Before the evening I had a chance to really get into the conversation.
Yeah but it wasn't bad. It was a good show.
I just kind of wish that they could have been like Adam would just relax a little bit.
Well this big is big opportunity is probably a little hyper a little bit nervous.
A little. Yeah. Psychotic.
A little.
And maybe a good shipment came in.
Yeah well they were I heard I'm talking about their Christmas log or something.
So I thought maybe that's what you were talking about on the floor.
Yeah. It looked like somebody left their Christmas log.
Anyway.
The holiday was a good show and I heard jazz for the first time on Friday.
Yes.
Yes.
And.
And.
And I come to find out he and I went to same high school back in Houston.
Wow.
This is Gary Todd huh.
How about that brother?
Yeah we might have shared.
He had guys call him from prison was it Saturday or yesterday?
Yeah. And they were actually were calling which was amazing to me and they all seem to know him.
He probably sent him all postcards because I'm going to be on the air call me.
Yeah. You know.
You know he knows the address right?
Mm-hmm.
All in all though great weekend.
I'm glad the holidays are over with.
They're not over with.
What do you know how long he's there over with I hate to break the news dear.
Well what are we missing?
We're missing New Year's man.
Oh yeah.
Right.
Okay.
Anyway Neil have a good one buddy.
Okay you too.
Bye bye.
Okay well there's our first report probably gets some more like one or two about Adam and Marvin had show it's Saturday.
And here a minute of it I have no idea.
But that's also part of the new deal.
I guess George is probably pretty parked off about that because George fantasizes about you're not upset about that.
I thought you wanted to do a show.
No he's he got over that.
Someday maybe.
Someday but not not that kind of a show.
George is too much of an intellect to do that kind of a silly show.
George wants to go on and do an intellectual show and solve the problems of the world on a year.
It'd be perfect for us you went.
Two open lines in date and two in Broward.
Look at that but all of a sudden the green lines woke up.
Here's Davy.
Hello.
Hey what's up Neil.
How you doing sir?
How was your holiday?
Not bad.
Yeah.
Hey is Brian Scrooley.
Do you think he might be possibly his 60th Peter Dorst?
Yeah almost.
Almost.
Almost not quite.
Hey but that game was just.
But he sure can shoot us straight.
You said it was it was a boring game but I thought it was just.
I thought they played quite well but maybe a bit.
These are played very well.
37 shots 36 saves as usual kept us in the game played great.
But how do I like that break away he stopped with Kleema that was incredible.
It was incredible.
It what about screwing just bouncing off the pads when he waited for the big one?
Yep.
Right.
You are kicking ass man we're just rolling along.
People don't seem to understand it.
We're rolling a game under 500 we got 33 points and his team is like right in the thick of it.
That's what we need.
We're right in the middle of it.
Alright you'll keep it up buddy.
Okay.
And you too.
Hang on to it.
Two open lines and date and two and brown it is going to be just a green line Monday.
I don't really give a crap because this week we're just kind of like skating on ten ice as they say at the old pond.
We're just kind of like fumbling our way through waiting to see what the other shoe drops.
You think the other shoe is going to drop these are good today by the way these tacos.
I always like Taco Bell that only the hard ones.
George likes them soft.
Mmm not for me.
I like them real hard.
Mmm mmm mmm just like those.
Little spicy real hard.
Here's the mobile and Carl spring.
Hello.
How are you?
Okay.
Thanks for the ham.
Oh great.
In fact I'll say this.
Thanks for the ham.
My cousin also received one from you and we both brought it to our family function.
Well isn't that beautiful?
It worked out great.
I feel like we're a bunch of snores.
Yeah.
It's a snore family.
Yeah.
In fact the guy at the, well anyway, everyone.
The guy at the what?
The guy at the heavenly ham said what the hell are you doing back here again?
Is that it?
No.
No.
I only brought one.
He brought the other one.
Yeah.
He was having a rough day when I picked him up.
They were swamped.
But I'll tell you that they were delicious.
Much different than the honey pect.
You know what I mean?
That totally different from the better I felt.
Well I'm happy if you like to meet them and I'm happy for you.
That was great.
So I just tuned in.
I got a bad feel about the Dolphus tonight.
I just got a few hours to make this.
That's a big man.
Yeah.
I just think seeing.
I'll tell you there was some pretty crappy football on yesterday boy.
I have never seen.
I mean just some really garbage stuff going on.
How about the bucks being Denver?
Yeah.
How about that?
The bucks did win a game yesterday beating Denver.
Although Denver's still on a playoff.
Yeah.
But is that disgusting?
Yeah.
That was really, all the good teams got their hands on.
Speaking of disgusting, has anybody ever seen a more inept quarterback than Mark Ripon?
I mean he went from like superstar two years ago.
He is so bad that there are no words to describe it.
I mean he was just pathetic.
I'll tell you what.
He's bad.
But there are a whole host of him.
I'm telling you Scott Mitchell is going to make millions next year.
Yeah.
Do you see any of that bearer's game?
No I didn't see.
I didn't have the stomach for that.
He has the worst piece of crap.
He must have had ten balls deflected by a lot of balls.
How about ten balls?
Yeah.
I deflected at the line of screw.
He couldn't get a pass on his own backfield.
Well he's only about six six for quite a lot.
That must be his problem, not tall enough.
You know the bears have never had a good quarterback.
That's not in on my lifetime.
I remember Billy Wade was the quarterback.
Was it 64 when he won?
I mean you know I was born in 64.
Yeah.
Billy Wade and he's stuck to the bears have never had a good quarterback.
I can't remember one ever.
I'm going to tell you something man.
I hate McMahon like poison but that guy can get the job done.
Give me a break.
Give me a break.
McMahon is a phantom.
McMahon is strictly just a cramudge.
He's a strange guy.
I'm sure they were happy to tell him when he left BYU.
Yeah.
I don't think he fit in with them.
But man went to BYU?
That's where you went to college.
Yeah.
I'll be damned.
Can you imagine him at BYU?
No not really.
What did he do?
He just doesn't have that Steve Young ambiance.
No he doesn't have that mission on me.
That's sad.
There was another game by the way.
That was Saturday's game.
That was another strange game with Houston pulling another one.
And if I have to keep hearing about BUM Phillips one more time,
if they didn't mention BUM Phillips 7000 times during that game,
I mean enough is enough already.
The guy's got a great defense.
All of a sudden the crap but enough is enough.
He wasn't out there playing on the field.
God almighty.
You talking BUM Phillips?
What the hell are you talking about?
I'm talking about the, huh?
You mean Buddy Ryan?
Did I say BUM Phillips?
I mean Buddy same difference.
Buddy Ryan, BUM Phillips.
They look the same to me.
Buddy Ryan.
Did I say BUM Phillips?
Well it was a Freudian slip.
It's a Freudian slip.
Doesn't he look like BUM Phillips?
He's got that same fat to, he looks like Abe Gibber in a bad day.
Buddy Ryan.
Without the hat.
Yeah.
Disgusting.
Buddy Ryan, this is Buddy Ryan, that is Buddy Ryan, and I just can't handle it anymore.
I wonder I'm thinking BUM Phillips.
It's just the Houston slip of the tongue.
Say, uh, and how about, the one around the subject.
I don't want to monopolize all your time.
The bills are the luckiest you've been on the paper.
Yeah, guaranteed.
You can just, you don't even have to watch it.
You know, you just know the final outcome, just like in the New England game.
It's always going to be the same.
And then the game did two weeks ago.
And that was good for us though.
That was excellent for us.
We needed the jets to get beat.
I know we did, but you know what?
I just got a bad feeling about tonight's game.
We kicked San Diego's ass so bad.
Here.
Yeah.
Right.
They are, I guarantee you, they're waiting for the offer.
They are.
And we go out there and there's something about that bombing era out there that gets to us.
Yeah, it's like a way to get to it.
We don't play well in bad weather.
We don't play well in bombing weather.
We don't necessarily play well in good weather, but especially out there.
We don't play well outdoors and we don't play well indoors.
And we don't play well lately.
But hey, listen to that.
There's always a first time, man.
I'm going to be at the track watching it and plunging my brains out.
Well, anyway, thanks a lot for the meat.
And happy New Year.
Take care.
OK, hozzar.
Open line and date, 751 and all of Broward.
Let's make a New Year's resolution that somebody from Broward will call before we change the calendar to the New Year.
Speaking of calendars, everybody got their spiffy WIOD calendar yet.
Our commos house totals 105,198, our center one totals, 49,407.
Probably both totals are a lot higher than that, but a little bubble head in the whole programming departments on vacation this week.
So we may not have the new totals from peaches.
How are we going to get the totals from peaches?
Huh?
I guess maybe we won't.
Maybe tomorrow.
And maybe not.
Maybe we'll have to wait till next week.
Which would be good because it should be goosed way up there by then.
Shouldn't it?
I don't see anything happening in Broward, by the way.
This isn't going to be another one of those Mondays.
And don't try to yank my chain because I know that there are a hell of a lot of people who are not working this week and not in school and not doing a goddamn thing.
So don't give me this.
It's Monday back to the real world stuff because I don't buy it for a second in Broward.
Boy, what about your phonies?
1035 at WIOD and WSUN.
Tonight after Randy Rhodes, it's Don and Mike.
New stock radio sticks, tin.
Come on, you're on your team.
Marvin, God.
It's the cold and flu season.
And there's nothing better for colds and flu than a nice hot bowl of chunky chicken soup.
I don't feel good.
Some nice hot chunky chicken soup will make you feel better.
Open wide.
I really don't.
Now isn't that better?
The room's spinning.
Well, you do look a little green.
I think I'm going to be...
Chicken soup.
Big meaty chunks of chicken in a glutenous pale yellow substance.
It feels so good going down and not bad coming back up.
Looks pretty much the same too.
Try a little more chunky chicken soup.
I just threw that up.
You've been throwing it up for three days.
You've been feeding me this same bowl of soup for three days.
And I'm going to keep feeding it to you until you keep it down, mister.
Blow some chunky chicken soup today.
Chunky chicken soup.
Use a bucket.
You'll want to catch every drop.
Anyway, 1037 at W.I.O.D.
So let's take a poll into building and see who everybody thinks did that number on the floor down there.
In fact, maybe we should have a guided tour.
Probably somebody's punky kid.
Who's going to...
Oh, somebody's punky kid that was in there and does it look like kid poop?
Well, what do you laugh about?
I mean, you can tell the difference for crying out loud.
I mean, if there's a gigantic, enormous, sizable load there,
you know, it certainly didn't come from some little kid.
It's a smear like it was graffiti down there.
A smear on where? Like on the floor?
It's smeared all over like, oh, like somebody did it with my hand.
Like maybe they were like an artist in their spirit time.
Okay, maybe they didn't have the newspaper.
They were doing a little artwork, okay?
Finger painting.
Yeah. Well, I understand they do that in the can a lot.
They have a lot of spirit time.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Is the doctor in?
Uh-huh.
Neil, six words.
If the doctor's when they're in.
Yep.
So that's right tonight's the night we win it and the spot of these last three
and temperate weeks we get in a playoff and then we try to get our ass and act together.
That's right. Neil, you probably not can agree with me about this,
but I think off the doll, I think it's tough to get rid of them.
I agree.
The guy that he's not going to play tonight either.
I wouldn't say get rid of him. It's time to say, John, let's make some more bagels over there
and go and save some more drowning people and do a nice job.
And you're a great guy. We love you.
But you're like perpetually injured.
And it's just, uh, we can't pin our future hopes on you because you never play.
That's right. I agree.
I mean, that's, you know, maybe it managed to say that's an insensitive thing to say,
but it happens to be the truth. The guy is like always injured and he tries his damnedest.
He just can't do it. He's like, uh, had it.
Yep. That's right. Now, Neil, can I call somebody a douchebag?
Go ahead, sir.
Okay. Chris, you're a Budweiser drinking skydiving douchebag.
Okay. See ya. Oh, he got out of there in a hurry.
Look at this state and Broward situation here today.
Is it going to be like this all day? Quite frankly, I don't care.
I couldn't give a flying cramp less as they say downstairs.
Let's go to Clearwater. Hello. Hello, Neil.
Yes. Um, I just wanted, I figured out why you probably were thinking of bump thulks instead of, um,
Buddy Ryan.
Buddy Ryan. And that's because his son, Wade Fulks, is probably bumping out after losing the buck.
Oh, is that it?
Yeah, that could be it.
Could be it.
And speaking of bumpers, I guess we get a bad trade. We get last year or any afternoon and we lose Rick and Suts.
Is that the deal?
That's the deal.
Why could we put last year on a midnight?
And keep Rick and Suts.
Yeah. Well, hey, I got nothing to do with this.
Oh, yeah.
And I want to know who's starting a dolphin game tonight.
I just, I didn't read any literature over here on the West Coast or anything else.
Mitchell.
Oh, okay.
Mitchell's starting, but boy, all he's got to do is like fart once real bad and we surely get wind of it.
And the burglar be out there factored, you can say douchebag. I'm telling you.
Well, any more of those lollipops on the sidelines run back for touchdowns.
I don't think I can handle it anymore.
Yeah.
It's interesting to see if they got like a long leash on Brian Cox tonight.
If he gets his act together and starts getting his intense on the field as he does off the field,
that would be real nice for a change.
Just imagine if you say to look some of that energy,
conserve some of that and channeled it in some of the lineman's faces,
I think you'd be a lot better off.
Exactly. Or maybe to sack the quarterback would you be nice since we almost never do that.
That would be nice.
Just one time, Brian. We would nice to see that.
And that cling bottle, I hope he does well.
Anyway, I have a friend down from Michigan and they're complaining about the weather over here.
Yeah.
And it's eight below in the ski again and it's like 71 here today.
Yeah.
What kind of different?
Time to kiss your cheeks.
Okay. Time to kiss your beautiful rosy cheeks if you complain about the weather.
Well, I like to wish her. Can I call her douchebag?
Yes, sir.
Felicia and Walter, you're both flamen douchebag.
Okay. Thanks a lot.
See you.
Here's Alfredo with another very colorful shirt today.
It looks like he's about ready for takeoff, man.
We have an open line on the green line one in date and all three in Broward.
I guess Broward has just taken a week off between now and New Year's.
They're building up the energy. They're re-re vitalizing their thing.
And they're going to get set for a real big active 1994, right?
Do you believe that?
I didn't think so.
5249463 in Broward.
Guiding light today, Rogers in Holley's house, no football game, no preemptions today.
Guiding light at three.
And suds is still holding out. That's the rumor.
See, I'm going to go back to what I was saying before since that's what everybody wants to talk about.
Rick and suds in the morning, that would be my choice.
Randy in the afternoon, jazz at night over here and simulcast in Tampa,
which he would do a 30 share in Tampa easy.
Only we have to have somebody special in a cleanup crew to take care of his droppings.
But other than that, that's what that would be my suggestion.
And my other suggestion would be that they simulcast sports talk.
What would be wrong with that?
No more tapes, maybe overnight.
I don't care about that because everybody's asleep after midnight anyway.
But between 6 a.m. and midnight, no more tapes, no more reruns, no more best of worst stuff,
like have real stuff on all the time.
I know that's a revolutionary concept, Tom, but what an idea.
Here's Tampa. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Missed you at the game last night.
I know.
We couldn't buy an amazing one.
I walked into the arena.
Some people passed by us and they go, yeah, he's right over there with fat rich.
Yeah, right.
So we're like, where is he?
We kept looking. We kept looking.
I looked all over.
You weren't there.
No.
No, it was a comatose game.
Yeah, but I mean, why the hell did they change the time to 735?
What are they thinking about on a Sunday night?
I agree that they have to Christmas.
The day after Christmas, people, many of them had to go back to work this morning.
On a Sunday, 6 o'clock would have been perfect.
Get out of there before 9 o'clock.
Yeah.
You're on your way home.
I mean, it would have been a piece of cake.
But when I looked at that ticket and saw 735, I said, forget this crap.
Too much.
Yeah.
Anyway, we had a pretty good crowd over 10,000.
Yeah.
So like I said, it's a nice facility.
Sometimes you got to come up there and check it out.
Yeah, it looks good on TV.
It looks kind of interesting.
Yeah, it's a very nice place.
All right.
Well, I've been out of town during the holidays.
Are Rick and Suds off the air down there also or only up here?
Rick and Suds are still on here here.
They're just making the big move over there.
They're putting Ron and Ron on the morning.
Next Monday, last year's going to afternoon.
I'm still going to be on midday.
And the rest of us all up for grabs.
And that's it.
And so Rick and Suds have done their last show over there.
It is terrible.
I can't believe it because Rick and Suds are the best calls.
I hate to say it came from this area.
From the tenth day.
Yeah.
They really did.
They had some great people.
I'm not doubting that.
I don't debate that.
So it's a shame.
Not even on tape.
Played at night or anything?
It's possible.
It's me.
We don't know what they're going to be doing here.
Right.
We don't know what they're going to be doing here.
They could be in the mornings here.
They could still.
I know next week they're coming back and doing afternoon still here for at least a while.
And there's been a lot of speculation.
And maybe they're going to do the morning show here.
Suds don't want to do the morning show.
I don't know.
It would seem to me that here it's the almost the beginning of the new year that these
people would have their act together.
And quite frankly, I don't think they got any idea.
I mean, they got an idea, but they just don't have it done yet.
That's terrible.
Because they're a really big act.
I like them.
They're great.
They're fantastic.
They're okay.
We'll have a very safe and happy New Year.
And same to you.
All right.
See ya.
Jazz this afternoon.
The jazz mixture from two to six.
Now listen, jazz.
I want to make a suggestion.
I have ambivalent feelings.
It's not that I don't like the guy.
He's okay like when you meet him in person as long as you don't get too close.
But it's just that strange is the only word that comes to mind.
Strange, which is fine.
We're all strange in our own way.
But like the carts, he's got this whole tremendous collection of his own stuff, which is great.
Because he doesn't have to rip off anybody else's carts or materials, you know, get into the computer and mess it up like a tarman.
But like he's auditioning stuff on the air.
Like something will play for like about 25.
Oh, we already just heard that one.
You know what I'm saying?
Like maybe the guy should have some cart machines at home.
I'm sure he could probably come up with some somewhere.
Maybe he ought to get the guy used to working production.
What was his name?
There was heavy into all the drugs.
No, we don't want to say it on here.
I know what his name was.
Well, he had some equipment at home.
Of course, he was selling it, but that's another story.
Takes a lot of money to buy those very exotic drugs.
Here's a lady mobile implantation.
A Broward collar no less.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Neil.
Hi.
Hi.
This is Alexandra Taylor.
I'm visiting from Atlanta, Georgia.
How long ago?
Yes, ma'am.
I'm doing fine.
Listen, I understand you and I have something in common.
Really?
Yes.
What is that?
I am the biggest fan of Luis Miguel.
How?
How about that?
Well, I want to know all about him and I don't know how to find out about him.
My mom says, you're the biggest fan as well.
What would you like to know?
Well, where is it from?
Huh?
Where is it from?
He's from, he was born in Puerto Rico.
Okay.
Which was quite a scandal a few years ago because he always thought he was born in Mexico since
he's a, he's like, you know, the Elvis Presley of Mexico and all of Latin America.
But like turns to find out they found his birth certificate and he was born in Puerto Rico
and his mother was Italian and his father was Luis Ray who was a very famous Latin entertainer
who died a couple of years ago.
And I just saw him in Vegas last weekend.
He was tremendous.
As good as he is on tape or on record.
He's much better in person and looks even better in person than he's a God.
Well, absolutely.
I'm trying to figure out where I could go see a concert of his.
Well, I'm going to tell you, sometimes how long are you going to be here?
I'm only going to be here through Tuesday but I travel here pretty frequently.
Oh, because I'm going to work on getting his schedule as concert tour for next year
so that I can have my good friend Cheryl set up all the arrangements to make sure I get tickets for all of them
and don't get shot out, which is just a joke.
And so I'll let you know.
Well, thank you.
I don't think he'd be coming to Atlanta though.
Oh, I doubt it too.
I doubt that we're going to have too much esponial in Atlanta.
But he sure as hell will be coming to Miami, I know that.
Well, where does he live in the US?
He's got in the US.
He's got a house in Miami, which we're not supposed to know about, but he does.
He's got a big mansion on the water in Atcapulco.
He's got a house in somewhere either in Barcelona or somewhere in Spain.
He's got, he's like loaded.
Loaded.
I really appreciate this information.
And I'll just call you straight from Atlanta and get updates on his schedule.
You've never seen his videos though, have you?
How can you get a hold of this video?
You can't.
I know.
You have to get a satellite dish and watch Telehit from Mexico on M223.
M222.
And they show him all over and over Suave and all those other videos like Over and Over and Over again.
He's running around naked on the beach and the Cuando Caliente also with all those hot bodies.
I'll let flesh. They're all like a stark naked almost.
Oh, Caramba.
Exactly. That's what I always say.
Well, Neil, it's been a pleasure.
Well, you're a little bit.
It's a pleasure to meet a lady of impeccable taste.
Absolutely. And I think you're wonderful.
I'm listening. I hope you find out who left that deposit downstairs.
Trust me.
Okay.
We'll sniff it out.
Have a great time here.
See ya.
See ya.
We have an open line in days.
I know that there was some strange substance in the building over the weekend.
Little did I know that was on the floor down in the magic room.
Maybe one has something to do with the other, okay?
Maybe if you do enough pot, it leads you to.
We have an open line that I say in Broward also at 524.
It's 1048 at WIOD and WSUN.
Coming up tonight at 8, following sports talk 610.
It's Randy Rose.
New stock radio 610.
Where are you?
Come on, you WIOD.
So anyway, did ECI come back to work this week at all, do you think?
Is she down here in accounting?
Let's find out if ECI is in.
No, you don't think so?
You haven't seen her?
I have this autographed Luis Miguel picture for her that's getting like all wrinkled up in my thing there.
And I'm going to have to toss it if you don't come up here and grab it pretty soon on a picture too.
Look at that, it's getting like moldy and crappy in my little bag bag.
Leave it under desk.
Huh?
We'll leave it under desk.
No, we will not leave it under desk then.
Some other bitch down here will grab it and then she'll come and say, well, where the hell was it?
She's here, I think.
Or she could can't.
Here's Poppano on the starline.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm not in Poppano.
I'm at the Fort Lauderdale Airport now.
Are you?
Yeah, in my cab.
Oh, you're in a cab.
Yeah, waiting to pick somebody up.
Okay.
Listen, I got out there like a fantasy thing for you.
See?
Imagine this.
The New York Rangers play the upstart Florida Panthers in the playoffs.
Yeah.
Could anything be better for Florida hot?
Yes.
Wouldn't that be outrageous?
That would be beautiful.
I would love it.
But anyway, Buffalo sucks.
And we should have been watching them lose to the jets and really put the pressure on the dolphins.
Yeah.
But we don't need any more pressure than we already got.
Okay, we need a nice easy game tonight.
About 48 to three would be nice.
Well, it would be nice.
Yeah.
What do you think of Aikman's contract?
Does he deserve that?
Based on what talent or looks.
Based on looks, you don't deserve anything.
He looks like his face is falling apart to me.
I don't know.
I don't think he's worth 15 minutes.
Very scary.
They're really well looked.
The way I look at it this, I'm a talent guy.
In other words, I'm all for the talent.
I'm down on management because most management are assholes.
And whatever the talent can get more power to him.
That's the way I look at it.
If he can get 100 million more power to him.
That was probably because of the new TV contracts they were able to pay him that much.
Exactly.
It's because Foxh stuck their nose in it.
That's true.
Well, anyway, Neil.
One thing I do agree with Jazz McKay among many other things.
But one thing especially is that I hope John Madden and Summer all wind up on Foxh
because they're the best.
I don't care what anybody says.
They're the best play by play football people on the NFL.
And they should be on Foxh.
So we got the Super Bowl next year, huh?
We do.
It's down in Joe Robbie, don't we?
I have no idea.
I think we do.
It was part of his contract to build that stadium or something.
We got it next year?
I think so.
Beats me.
Anyway, let's worry about this year's first, okay?
Yeah, what are the blackout rules on hockey, Neil?
Down here.
Do you know the TV, blackout?
The blackout on what?
To see home games.
Because I've been watching home games since I was a kid.
Home games are not blacked out.
Because they haven't been an admin sold out.
They don't have that thing in hockey.
There's no such thing as if it's not sold out.
It's blacked out.
That's strictly an NFL thing.
Well, Neil, you have a wonderful new year.
And back to you.
Nice talking to you.
See you.
Keep up.
We have an open line on the star line.
One in day two and Broward again.
Broward can't keep it up.
But is that unusual?
Of course not.
I don't know what the hell are going to do here.
I really don't.
But they better do something soon.
Because during this, as we look back in this retrospective that everybody does at the end of the year,
one of the things that I can say beyond the shadow of his doubt is that the new regime here has done such a
hatchet job on this radio station.
And I know at every day that I come in here, you have to work like 20 times as hard because you're dealing with 40% less audience than we had when they came here like last winter in the winter book before they had a chance to burger it all up, which they've done a magnificent job.
And the more you talk to them, to me, one of the great moments of this past year was when I was invited to lunch to give my ideas to our leader.
And I sat there and everything that I told him virtually was like tossed out the window and like the very next day like,
oh no, we're not going to do this and we're not going to do that and shut up in my new role business and I don't want to hear about it again.
Okay.
Because one thing about it when you work for other people more often than not, they know it all.
You can't tell them anything if like their leg, if there's blood pouring out of their leg and they don't realize it, you say, hey, what's that coming out of your leg there Bob?
What's that pouring all over the floor?
Just, I'm in charge here. Just leave me alone. I can handle it.
Okay, don't start getting me in alarmist. You're causing trouble.
But that pool of blood, it's getting like there's like gallons of blood.
Don't worry about it. I'm in charge. I'll take care of it.
Here's Carl Springs on the star line. Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
We're bleeding over here, sir.
How you doing now? All right?
Yeah.
All right. Listen, you're talking about those blackout rules and hockey.
Yes. The only thing that they apply to, I guess, is ESPN.
Because I remember earlier in the year you had said that you try to tape a game off ESPN too.
If you notice when they advertise the games, it says local blackout may apply on the bottom of it.
But see, this guy's asking about a sellout. That has nothing, that's a regional blackout.
But that isn't because the game is sold out or not.
That has nothing to do with whether hockey telecasts are a blackout. That's a regional thing.
Oh, really? I didn't know. I thought they had to deal with take it, same purpose for both of them.
No, not at all.
Oh, okay. Well, okay.
Okay. Hey, take it, please.
See ya. All right.
Open line of day, at 751 and 2 and Broward 1 on the Sterline.
It's going to be this way all day long. It's spotty. It's spotty.
They're all at the returning all the direct that they got for Christmas. I don't give Christmas gifts.
I never have and I never will. I don't celebrate it. George gave me a nice wallet for Christmas,
which I appreciate very much. I gave him nothing except my best wishes.
Because I don't give Christmas gifts and I don't expect to get any.
Generally speaking, I pretty much don't. It's just, it's not my holidays.
It would be rather abhorrent. I do give birthday gifts. I celebrate people's birthdays.
I can't think of any other special events, but it's not that I'm cheap.
It's just that Christmas is not my thing at all.
And I noticed that most of the people who work here agreed with that because they gave out those card,
the list for the Christmas cards. And I got like three or four, I would say.
George and his lovely wife and Bob Green and his lovely family and boy Gary and his abhorrent group.
And that was basically about it. Maybe one or two others that I'm forgetting,
which is fine because I don't send it. It's not my thing.
Here's Tampa. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir. How you doing?
Okay.
I've got a question. I've got a thing about running run. I drive over to road on big truck.
And I get to hear these thing dogs. They don't all the time.
They blow. They blow.
Well, they're going to do a big number over there. So we can sit here and say they blow all day long.
And I happen to agree with you that they're not much, that they're a cheap powered rip off,
but they're going to do a big number. They're very popular over there.
And they're going to be a big improvement in the morning.
And I sure as hell would rather have the lead in from what audience they're going to have
than from Blubbo on the West Coast.
Oh, yeah. Well, I agree with you.
I have a good idea.
The thing is, the thing is people are thinking that they've changed their routine when they moved to the East Coast.
Yeah.
That they're so hot and fancy. And people here have not heard their stick.
Well, they have, they just think it's different. And when they get it,
they're going to hear the same old thing and they're going to say,
this is the same old, same old thing.
Yeah. And same old penny facts, the same old lesbian and whatever they call it,
which is a rip off of Howard's lesbian dilatate.
Yeah, it's going to be the same thing. And it's going to drive, you know,
it's going to drive them into dirt.
See, I'm not really a big fan of people who want to rip off Howard's stern or me or anybody else.
If you don't have some originality, if you're not doing really your own thing
and you're just ripping other people off, then to me, you're just a waste of time.
You're just a rip off artist.
Exactly. And then I think the one thing that gets over here,
people are going to realize that, hey, it's the same old thing.
I thought something was different here.
Yeah, but let me ask you this. What else are they going to listen to in the morning?
See, that's why they're doing very well over here by default.
And that's why they're going to do extremely well over there,
because there's no other morning show over there.
Great. Great. Nothing here. I mean, the blob, he got me hooked on talk radio
back when he was doing afternoon drive at the floor.
And I've got really hooked into it.
I go up towards Atlanta and I hear GST on AM&F.
And I'm like, it's great.
And they screwed up right there when they said,
the T's me, please me for a week, and then we're going to chair your chain
and then take you off.
And they really brought a lot of people around.
Now everybody's here and running, running, running, running.
And they're going to come back and they're going to say,
what is this? And I think it's really going to screw everything up
and they're going to be hurting.
And I mean, I give them to work.
What do you mean they're going to be hurting?
I don't know what you're talking about.
They're going to do a big number.
You just got through a green with me on it.
And now you're going back around in a circle again.
No, I think there's nothing else for people to listen to in the morning over there.
But I think for the first time.
Now that FLA is putting Jack Harrison in the morning for all the...
FLA is going after the Geri-Ettrick audience.
They basically throw it in the towel and any of the other under the age of 100
and they're going after the Geri-Ettrick crowd.
They want to be a true...
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
...Wi-O-D.
We're super across the street, we're super here!
You think it'll work? Oh, yeah!
That's why drugs are worth hate, rice!
Aren't you thinking of elephants?
Dr. Sturker's truck driver is the front of the other!
Neither we should have a better friend!
Uncle, we'll look like our friends!
Dr. Sturker's the front of the line, we'll show you!
We'll grab the stuff that's got a good point and run!
We'll go!
We will conduct our business in here, Senor.
Uh-oh, my!
What? I'm a friend of my!
No problem, I mean go!
No more my!
That was a close one!
The Miami-Mice Pilot, I glow meces to beces!
Can be yours for just 1995 in local video stores!
Video treasure chest, we've got rooms of this crap!
So what do you think? Who's the president doing this week?
Oh, I'm sorry.
That's all we were talking about yesterday morning on the news shows.
Although I will say this, David Brinkley reached new lows yesterday.
I like David even though he looks like Matuzla on a bad day these days.
You see how sunken in here? He looks... oh man!
It's really sad. Good night, Chet.
Uh, I'm sorry, I think it's one more good night, Chet.
And that's gonna be it for David, looking really bad.
But anyway, so yesterday, what they did was something new and different.
They each got to interview somebody that they wanted to interview.
And let's see, it was Sam Donaldson interviewed, uh...
Oh, that asshole, the campaign strategist, James Carr...
What's his name? Carville, Carville, Carville.
Tom Carville.
Whatever his name is, that real Yahoo cracker guy that the Rannickland campaign,
who's a real geek.
And George Will interviewed some little black girl from Chicago
who used to be lucky to get her.
And now she's like a year later, she's making a life for herself.
And she's like a real smart little girl.
And, uh, in the beginning, David Brinkley interviews Lardass.
It was the most pathetic, the most tragic, the saddest.
And I'm not even sure they were in the same room.
It was one of those deals where we never saw them both at the same time.
And it would photograph Lardass, like over here, and Brinkley over there.
And it looked like they're not in the same room.
You know what I'm saying?
Like David's in an oxygen tent or something, and Lardass is like in a Morrison's cafeteria or something.
I don't know what that was all about.
But it was just, you know, it's not bad enough that this guy's already been dignified by every goose stepping Nazi from coast to coast.
But now David Brinkley's got to put him on here.
Well, you may not agree with him, but he sure is a fat or something like that.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Oh, yeah, and Hill.
Yes.
Were you speaking about Mitchell Lewis before with that truck or was that truck?
No, I was not.
Uh, where is this guy, boy, Gary, going to wise up and put Howard in the morning.
Well, I'm not going to happen here, sir.
We have an open line in the Broward 524 and 2 and date.
It just, it was a progression there.
He just started out with Dickhead and then worked up to the big one.
2 and date 751, what he said 751 if, uh,
anyway, let's go.
Let's move right along, singing a song.
I guess we can't.
We have to wait.
Is that thing going to be that slow today?
Let's try Tampa.
Hello.
Can Neil come out to play?
Uh-huh.
Neil, it's time for the Christmas miracles up here.
The Buccaneers win.
Yeah.
And we're going to get Ron and Ron.
Right.
That's going to be fantastic for you, buddy.
And a lightning score to go last night.
Yeah.
That's it.
Well, there you go.
That's a start.
You guys are doing great, Tener.
We got to give you guys credit.
The Panther's are good.
How about that?
Isn't that nice?
We thank you so much because we are kicking your ass and kicking everybody out.
You're taking a fall over to play that.
And I'll show you.
There was no fluke us beating the Rangers last Wednesday, 3 to 2 because last night they
come back and kick New Jersey, which has been a hot on hell, 8 to 3 no less.
8 to 3.
They kicked their ass.
Jesus.
Yeah.
But Neil, you know what?
With Ron and Ron coming, that guy had it wrong.
The caller before.
He was leading.
He was very depressing.
But I tell you what.
Very depressing.
Like most of the caller is extremely depressing and morose in the psychotic.
Yeah, but I tell you what, it's going to be great things for the station.
What it up here.
I agree.
Because you're going to get a taste of you.
They're going to get a taste of you, but they're going to want more.
They're going to want more.
They're going to want the whole total packet.
It always happens.
Every time they get a little taste of me, they want a lot more.
Bob, did you know good down here?
You know what?
Bob will eventually, I predict this.
You watch within two years.
Bob Lasseter will be back over at FLA.
They'll approach him because Bob Lasseter kills a whole programming up here.
He's not going to fit in with the fun kind of thing.
Well, you are.
I was just thinking that before.
You are absolutely prispacacious and correct.
Bob Lasseter doesn't do the kind of radio that he do.
He's out of his element.
He does FLA radio and he's trying to do it on S.U.N.
And him following Ron and Ron and me would be like having David Brickley on after Howard Stern and David Letterman.
It just doesn't make any sense.
He doesn't work up here.
No.
But I can't do it.
He does work, but not with the same audience.
Right.
And we would look like a total changing of the guard.
So you're absolutely correct.
Now that I'm going to have Ron and Ron is leading up there.
And none of those people are even listening yet who are going to be listening starting next Monday.
They're not even listening yet.
Once they get a little taste of what this show is all about.
And if they would have gotten a little taste of Rick and Suds,
we'd have a gigantic thing we're living in breathing 18 to 34-year-old audience.
That's a cocks just making the push right now because FLA is in disarray.
They're in totally disarray.
FLA is dead.
FLA just took out the old magnum and they shot themselves right in the forehead in their history.
They're dead meat.
Yeah, but that's why they're going to make that push for Lasseter.
And Randy Roge is one of the greatest talents that you've got on here.
I mean, concerned the whole lineup and she's so quick, she's clever, she is a witty woman.
Well, I predict Randy afternoons over here, but it'll never happen over there.
Rick and Suds, you have a total dynamite lineup.
I've been listening to talk radio now for about five years.
And this is in the area here.
This is the only thing that's really going right now.
And it's the funniest, it's the best.
I'm not trying to schmuck up too much, but there you are.
I'm Jenny.
But the thing is, it's a damn truth, man.
And the people will find out and you'll get these hard rockers and all these people that were Ron and Ron fans.
And they'll start listening to all this other stuff that all this other great crap that you all put on there.
And they're going to love it.
Okay.
I want it intravenously.
Okay.
Thank you.
See ya.
I'm just trying to get everybody ready for Roge's.
See ya.
He's an interesting guy.
Make no mistake about that.
Interesting.
Different, bizarre, strange, interesting.
Maybe I'll read some of that stuff from that folder on here.
That was, I got to tell you, I don't know what that's all about.
And I'm not a nosy person.
I don't like noodle into other people's stuff.
But it's just, first of all, I didn't know to whom it belonged.
And it fell all on the floor.
And I'm like putting it back together.
And I felt like it's kind of a clutz.
But I did have to get in the copy folder at least once or twice today.
And it's like really strange stuff.
I mean, I don't know what the hell it was all about.
It must have had something to do with the, with the, what should I call it?
Were they keep the cats?
Huh?
What do they call it?
Were they keep the cats?
I'm not going to say anything about pussy cats on the earth.
Don't get all psychotic and start blowing smoke rings.
We have two open lines in day 751.
And one of, well, we're, it seemed to be in there an awful lot.
I mean, it just over and over and over again.
1113 at WIOD and WSUN.
Catch the latest news from the 610 WIOD News Center, EGIR.
So Edim says, plus an update on traffic.
And the current weather forecast.
Don't you want your team?
Edim says, jazz, take a bath.
Oh.
It's 1116.
I mean, a guy did a show Saturday night.
The first show he ever did with Marvin Noles.
And now all of a sudden, he's in here, ranting and raving.
He's got on his motorcycle jacket.
All you got to do is get that scruffy look that you have half of the time.
And people think you're jazzed junior.
And then go down and like do a little dump on the carpeting down your way down the floor.
Down to the magic room.
And they'll think jazz is in a building again.
He didn't have that one strange guy in here Friday.
Who is that guy?
That fat, who is EO?
What is it? EO. EO?
Is that what he is or is that his name?
He's an EO or an A-hole.
More like an A-hole to me.
I don't know.
You've got like kind of an interesting entourage.
Anyway, we have two open lines in Dayton, two in Broward.
And Edim is really pissed off and wants to take on jazz right here on here.
I say we do it like here on here tomorrow.
Like in 1.30.
We let them do it out right here on the air.
Okay. Best two out of three falls.
I mean, he's in.
Edim says he's in.
Okay, let's do it.
Let's do it right here on the air.
Let's promote.
We get a 90 share on this, okay?
I'll bring the western.
Okay, I'll bring the switch plate.
Here's the lighthouse point.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Hello, Neil.
I love it.
Do you?
Yep.
The little psychosis going on around here.
Yeah.
I've got an opportunity to drive I-95 through the snake pit.
Through the what?
Through the snake pit.
That section from Highway 84 to Broward Boulevard.
Sunrise.
I stay off of that as much as I can.
Oh, it's a joy.
I'm an over-the-road truck driver.
The reason why I haven't had a chance to talk to you is,
as close as I'm on the road driving all the time and listening to you laugh.
Yeah.
I just want to say good show.
That's it for me.
Okay, see ya.
Dayton Bragg got nothing to say today.
So I even pump it.
There's one line in 06 and that's in date that's lit and the rest of them are like blank.
And let's keep it that way.
I'm not going to force it because they got nothing to say today.
They had a real heavy duty weekend and they don't want to speak to me, which is fine.
Let's talk about legalizing...
Let's do that for about four and a half hours.
Okay?
Let's go to lighthouse point.
Now lighthouse point is long gone.
Largo.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Hello, Neil.
This is Eric Giselle.
Let's go to Miami.
Hello.
This is unbelievable.
Miami.
Finally, you got to 6.
What is it?
Finally, you got to 6.
6 what?
On the real thing, you said that the only thing that was open was on number 6 and 8.
No, I said of all the 6 lines.
That was the only one that was lit.
The rest of them are like dead, especially all of Broward dead.
And I'm the only one that has anything to say.
Okay, let's do it.
It's about time.
All right, listen.
I'll say something.
Anything.
I went to see you the last time you were in the pizza loft.
See?
I'm the only charger fan in Miami.
Oh yeah.
You remember that?
Great, isn't that great.
Just what we need today is a charger fan.
Great.
So anyways, what do you think?
You're going to give it up first tonight?
Huh?
You're going to give it up first tonight, sir?
I'm going to give this up for you guys.
Yeah, I bet you are.
You know, the chargers, you know, they had a disappointing season.
Should I make the playoffs at least?
But they're just waiting for tonight.
Is that what you're saying?
They're waiting in the lurch.
Well, you know, two years ago we took you guys out.
Yeah.
Remember?
Yeah, I remember.
I'll send you a one and you guys bumped the front last year.
Big time.
Big time.
Decimated them.
So Stan Humphrey.
Kick their ass in the rain in the pouring rain just, just, just,
just, wallowing in the mud all over the field the chargers last year.
I have to disappear for three days after that game.
Yeah.
My friends know so.
But Stan Humphrey's had a little, had a little quote in front of these papers saying
that he remembers.
He says he put an asterisk next to the Miami game.
He put an asterisk next to our game.
That's right.
His asterisk.
And he can't wait to play tonight.
Hey Alfredo, what are you reaching out of that t-shirt for?
There's nothing there, baby.
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
So anyway, Neil, when I was in the pizza loft, I also got the unplugged.
Yeah.
And there's a couple of bits on those that are just,
I just, you know, like,
I just, you know, like, how many people get unplugged on pizza loft?
There are a couple of cuts that do what?
I see my pants.
Beauty.
I mean, the one with the cider.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
That's great.
That was a pretty good thing.
That's the one Bob was playing on here.
That's why he's not doing mornings anymore over there.
Is that right?
Yeah.
And all the part of it, plus the fact that he sucked and was depressing.
The other two out.
And then everybody hates him like poison, including Adam.
Adam is over there.
He's on a rampage today, man.
He's out of control.
I want to finish this show.
I'll be glad to go home.
I'll give you another couple hours.
Come on.
Come on, Adam.
What is it, sir?
Can I finish this show?
Go ahead.
You and Adam together, I'll watch it.
Anyway, the other two are really funny at the one that, the television show that gives
a weird, uh, that say that they're going to get you, you know what I'm talking about?
They say they're going to what?
They're going to get you.
I'm not going to say the word because you're going to knock me off.
Oh, you're talking about on the unplug thing still.
Right.
They're all pumping.
I'm moving forward and you're moving backward.
Okay.
Really, they get you.
Yeah.
That was very good.
So anyways, did I have something to say?
Was this a better than the other thing?
It was, uh, it was margin, not bad.
It was marginal.
And don't feel too bad after we kick your ass tonight, okay?
And, man, I wouldn't love nothing better that to have the chargers kick the Daffondas on
national television and aid and aid in them being knocked out out of the playoffs.
Okay, we'll see.
Call me tomorrow.
Okay, I'll call you tomorrow.
And if I'm not here, you'll know the result of the game.
So regardless, I'm going to call you tomorrow.
Okay.
Right.
See ya.
Okay, there's a wise guys of a charger fan, but you never know.
I'm not, I'm not making any predictions because we've been very erratic and we're a classic
choke team, all of a sudden.
And I have no feeling about this game whatsoever.
Naturally, I would like us to surprise the crap out of me and win like crazy and go on.
And then all of a sudden make a little comeback.
But I have no feeling about it.
I'm just, uh, numb.
Open line and brow it into a date.
Very spotty here.
I understand it.
You're all taken back a lot of crap.
You're busy.
You're getting your life reorganized again.
Adam is going to come in here and finish the show today because he's a superstar now.
He was on with Marvin Saturday night and he says that jazz only heard 50 minutes of the show.
And in spite of that, went on and ripped them in ass and made all kinds of interpret and on, uh,
I didn't hear the show so I can't say one way or the other.
I thought it was great.
I thought it sucked.
Okay, so now it's even down.
I don't know what it was.
We had the one guy who called he said it wasn't great.
It wasn't bad, but he enjoyed it.
So what more can you want?
But that Adam needs to take a couple of doggie downers and relax a little bit and not be so hyper next time, assuming there was the next time.
Now I don't know if they're going to be, are you being invited back?
I think it was just a one shot deal.
How about New Year's Eve?
Huh?
Who the hell in their right mind would want to come in here and work on New Year's Eve?
I would be surprised that they come back again for one more shot in this Saturday.
Okay.
There you go.
It's all yours.
Brandy's on New Year's Eve.
I mean, New Year's night.
Huh?
Saturday, New Year's night.
You'll be straightened out by then.
You can get it straightened out by then.
1123 at WIOD and WSUN.
Ooh, it's Rick and Suts.
Then it's 6.
It's Fort Stock 610.
New Stock Radio 610.
New Year's Eve.
New WIOD.
Some stations give you cars.
Some stations give you cars.
But this station is going to give you...
Eternal happiness at peace of mind.
Because we're going to give you a lot of me.
You won't have a care in the world.
You'll just sing and drool all day long.
Sing and drool and sing.
Just be the tenth color when you hear this sound.
And we'll sensation representative Dr. Joe,
then I've cussed me now over to your house.
To plunge a pair of knitting needles into your frontal lobes.
Stir them around a little bit and remove the portion of your brain
that makes you worry about things, like paying rent.
You'll be happy it's a class.
And just about as smart.
This station accepts no responsibility in the event
that Joe the knife accidentally removes parts of your brain
that are responsible for stinking control, sex drive,
or cardio pulmonary function.
Be happy.
Happy, vegetable.
Hebalistening for your dents to win.
1126, boy that was swishful thinking we have an open line
and day one in Broward.
Here's Clearwater.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How's it going?
Okay.
Great.
I started listening when Y&F switched over for that week.
Well how about that?
I stuck around the other day as it did Dennis office.
And the girl rinsed me and I said,
scorch, scorch.
Dennis looked at me and he said, unbelievable.
Really?
He said, do you listen to Neil?
I said, yes I do.
And we were both laughing and we were talking about different
skits from the show.
And he said it's a shame more people don't know about Neil.
Yeah.
I always say 620 is my favorite station of people.
Like, what's that?
What do you listen to?
Well I'm curious about one thing since nobody has faxed me
anything and I do realize we're in the middle of the holiday
so we have no male and we have no faxes
and we're kind of like in limbo here.
But I'm really curious what the articles in the paper said
because they sent out the release on Thursday was it?
About the Ron and Ron thing was Thursday.
Yeah so it was in the paper two days in a row.
The articles about it pictures Ron and Ron.
Yeah.
And a lot of exposure for 620 I think it's going to be great.
Well what was the essence of it?
Because basically what I understand is that they're promoting Ron and Ron
and last it and then I'm just kind of like a throwaway stuck in the middle there
and getting no promotion as usual.
You were one sentence.
Right, there you go.
Very nice.
Which I was looking for.
I said you know what a bummer if they move Neil.
Yeah.
Because I think that you'll have the same audience.
I think that it'll be perfect for you.
I think that I think the blobs actually going to do well in the afternoon.
I think it'll be a different audience.
But I think he'll start to die.
Oh he'll do it.
I already said that.
He's going to do his old FLA thing again and he'll get to the old FLA audience
and I do mean old and he'll have a big number but it won't be the same crowd.
Exactly.
But it'll still be good for 620.
I mean they'll be getting a big share from all the slots.
Right.
So I think it's going to work out very well and I think that a lot of people are switching over to AM.
And I think Ron and Ron have to do very well that one guy to stop.
Well there's very few people that can get living and breathing listeners to switch from FM back over to AM.
Exactly.
I was able to do it in this market when I came from Zeta over to here.
And Ron and Ron are going to definitely be able to do it over there in that market.
You know when they're going on SUN.
But there are very very very few people who are like strong enough to move listeners
from one station to another and especially from FM back over to AM.
Exactly.
I mean that's like almost impossible.
I was really surprised.
I thought they'd put Ron and Ron on coast because coast is doing so poorly.
But I'm so glad they put it on front.
What do you mean they would put it on coast?
Don't you understand?
I've been trying to explain to you what their philosophy of FM is all about.
They are not going to put a live talent show on any other FM stations.
It's a jukebox.
It is.
It is.
Low overhead, crank out the hits, crank through the cache, and that's their whole concept of FM.
Believe me.
I guess it's cheaper and they still can make money.
That's all they care about.
That's all cocks cares about.
And the buck and ears actually look decent yesterday.
How about that?
I saw a little bit of that.
Pretty embarrassing.
I wanted to drive the quarterback badly but now I'm actually ready to stick with Eric in front of him.
Stick with it man.
Just get him some zit cream.
He'll be alright.
That's it.
Have a great day.
Okay Neil.
See ya.
Open line.
I'm getting to say that pretty good.
See ya.
If you get to say it like jazz then you get to do like a free dump down on the floor downstairs right outside the door.
Open line and brownered 524.
So who got the assignment of cleaning that up by the way?
I think that Cheryl should be forced as kind of like her reparations for how she screwed me over in Vegas.
Which she's still lying through her teeth about by the way.
Oh, I want to see your receipt from the hotel.
I want to see your checkout receipt.
Yeah, I just made it up.
I just made it up that I was at the tropic canner.
Right?
I wasn't really there.
Okay, I made that up because I'm a hard ass and I wanted to create a problem.
Right?
Of course.
Right.
Just give her a good brillo pad and send her downstairs.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil, I've got the St. Petersburg Times.
Okay.
December 24th.
Yes, sir.
Entertainment section.
The article was headline, the return of Ron and Ron.
And it's got those two douchebags in a picture up above the head.
And then it's got the whole story.
It gives a whole boobamites about what the hell they're doing.
And the last two paragraphs, which are one line paragraphs, say, laser or a laser,
said that the station is still debating where and when to air rickensuts,
which would be on tape regardless.
WSUN will continue to air live the 10 AM to 2 PM,
Neil Rogers and the 8 to 11 PM, Randi Rhodes programs,
live from WIOD, and that's it.
That's the only mention.
And what about Lasseter?
Well, Lasseter's got just a quick note that Lasseter's moving,
that the show is moving.
So in other words, the whole article is about Ron and Ron.
Basically, all it says, two paragraphs above what I read,
it says, Lasseter's afternoon show will supplant WSUN's current
live simulcast of the Rick and Sud show from Miami's WIOD,
also a Cox property.
He's been wanting to do afternoons,
stations of manager Todd Leaser, said of Lasseter,
who could not be reached for comment on Thursday.
And all the rest is Ron and Ron.
So that's the whole thing.
Well, that's great.
We need all a build up we can for the lead in.
That's all I care about.
Well, listen, all the best.
Thanks for the great entertainment and deck them halls with lots of balls.
Okay.
Hey, Karen.
See ya.
Two open lines of dates, 751 WIOD.
How's our cell one line coming for the new year?
Anybody got any new information about that?
Not.
I get the feeling that Adam and Jazz don't like each other,
especially while you get that feeling.
Just get an inkling of that.
I could be Ron.
I could be overreacting, but I don't think so.
And we have one open line on the green line, 1-800-944 Ron and Ron.
Here's Tampa.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
What's happening, bud?
How you doing, Pallee?
I'm a whole lot.
First off, got to agree with what you said about one run and Ron comes to son.
Yup.
It's going to open up the market for the younger people.
Right.
A whole lot.
I've been working on it.
Drag over the living and breeding people that I want listening to this show, bring them over
to AM, which other net, and which Cox has done nothing to do that.
And either one of the markets, they've done absolutely nothing to do that.
Yeah.
Anyway, Laster brought me to AM.
And you and Rick and Suts made me stay.
Yeah.
You guys are great.
And I wanted to, I don't know, who chooses the tapes when you're not there in the play?
Yeah.
But last Tuesday, I tuned in, came in from a meeting and tuned in and got to hear when Bill Bailey
called you.
Oh, yeah.
And that's great.
He sounds basically the same way he did back when I used to listen to him.
Yup.
Years and years ago.
Funny guy.
Strange, but a funny guy.
Oh, yeah.
He's a strange little dude.
Yeah.
Anyway, Neil.
Happy holiday.
Take a reason, bud.
Okay, see ya.
Bye.
Open line on the green line.
One in day, one in brown, one on the star line.
And looks like four to me as we tried desperately to put a few pieces together here and fake it
through this whole week, which is basically what it's going to be.
And let me say it again for anybody who tuned in late, the big changes in Tampa take place
next week.
Nothing changes here yet.
Yet.
When does it change here and what's it going to be?
God only knows and even he's got his doubts.
But next week, Rick and Suts will be back from vacation.
Jazz is doing their show this week.
And other than that, see, one of the things that this creates is a lot of friction.
Because now we have this vulture syndrome, which is, should be very obvious to everybody,
where everyone is like hovering over looking to move into anywhere.
So he had this real combative thing where Randy, I'm sure, would love to do the afternoon.
And I would like to see her get it because she deserves it and she would do a great job in there.
And Jazz, of course, is like hovering over.
Would like to do that.
But would also settle for night or anything that pays enough money to buy some dope.
And then we got Chris Baker who's like hovering on the edges of the, and everybody's like, you know,
and everybody's in limbo, which creates for a very bad situation.
And of course, the audience is usual as up in the air and gets screwed over waiting to find out what's going on.
It's a miracle we got anybody left the way they've operated this thing last year.
And then Bob Green sits in there this morning.
Well, not yet.
Not yet.
There's still digesting all that research that they got back a couple of weeks ago.
They're digesting all the big heavy duty research that they spent thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars on to see how they can unscrew what they spent the last year screwing over.
And why did they screw it over because they spent thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars on research the first time that gave them the go ahead to go screw it over.
Criminal. Really? Is somebody in this company ought to be in jail right now?
Here's Margate. Hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did you read the article about a week ago about ambitious new changes she's doing over there working less or whatever?
They're only letting her drive the truck on a weekend out here.
Well, did you notice the article said she's the dominant anchor in the area?
Dominant, yeah.
In other words, she's still on top when it comes to news anchors.
Do you still have those carts?
Huh?
Do you have the carts of her?
Of course.
Oh, you are the client.
Yeah, but see, nobody gives a crap about old Anne.
I do.
Anker with a whip. How's that?
Yeah, that's what I'm looking for.
We'll whip her into shape.
Can I call somebody a douchebag?
Yeah.
I'm going to call a fellow full-playing douchebag.
Okay. Thanks, Uncle.
See ya.
By the way, how's the weather fairy doing during the holidays?
How's he holding up?
We have an open line in day, 751, 2 and Broward.
If you wonder why I keep pumping these numbers over and over again, trust me.
I've been doing this more than one day and I can already feel it.
It's 1136 at WIOD and WSUN.
Don't miss the weekend magazine featuring the latest news, information, trends and what's happening.
This Saturday and Sunday morning, right here.
You got a dental floss.
She's a high-freak TV news.
Bishop.
Oh, right behind this number of TV news.
She and her with a whip.
Help! Help!
Thanks, Jeremy King.
Let him hold my finger.
I'll find you later.
It's my speed and I'll whip a whip.
I do well, brother.
It's been over time.
I do well, brother.
It's been over time.
Well, I'm not sure.
I've been doing this for a while.
I'm not sure what I'm doing.
Yeah.
But in other words, it just didn't quite make it.
Well, listen, that happens to the best of us.
So anyway, you've got a dental floss.
Bob Green just comes in here and he's got a message.
This TV is driving me crazy.
If they don't stop with the psychedelic crap they're putting on here, it keeps like flash and flash.
And I keep thinking I'm inhaling some exotic erotic substance that was left in here over the weekend.
I mean, I'm going nuts from this already.
Anyway, here's a message for Bob Green from David Paul.
It says, use me while someone else is on vacation.
Use me, abuse me while someone else is on vacation.
Unbelievable.
Beauty.
Okay, David, right in here.
Maybe David could come in and just leave a little pile downstairs.
We have two open lines.
They're both in Proud where they just absolutely refuse to speak.
Five, two, four.
But man, you hear our hipster.
I'll tell you that.
Here's Coral Gables.
Hello.
I'm the label.
It is.
How's it going now?
Okay.
I've tried listening to Jazz McKay.
Yes.
As I'm sure you have as well.
Yes you have.
You have, have you?
I listened all week at a log, sure.
For you.
Yeah.
But it's the same old bits from when he was on Hot 105 as McCann in the morning.
You know something?
I didn't know that that was who that was.
You know, because I know Jim Scharler very well.
In fact, I'm surprised Scharler hasn't called to reveal something about all of this.
Already?
Is it, weren't they on together?
I don't know when he was on.
Yeah, they did the mornings together on Hot 105.
Back when I was on INC.
And for the life of me, it didn't seem to me that the McCay in the morning who was over
there was like a biker, drugie, jailbird, whatever else it is that he is.
It just seemed like a whole different ambiance.
Well, same old clubs.
What's he talking about?
The other stuff.
Is that it?
You know, he fell into the position.
I mean, they already had the jingle package ordered for another McCay when that fell through.
And over a weekend, he became McCay.
Okay, McCay, sure.
I call my name, that.
I shouldn't have known for no problem at all.
I see.
Okay.
I just wanted to know if his wife was one of the women that he met at the club Paradise.
Club Paradise, what the hell is that?
Paradise Island, is that it?
Paradise Island's in the Bahamas.
Some places used to go.
Some strip joint.
No, Paradise Island is like a casino in the Bahamas.
That's not it.
You can strip there, can't you?
His wife was a stripper.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Well, that all goes back to what I was trying to say.
It all kind of fits together now, don't it?
It fits the big picture.
Okay.
I'm volleyball.
Okay.
See ya.
Love you.
Okay, we have an open line indeed.
What the hell was he talking about?
I'll say one thing.
Jazz is a sure-god, I'm stirred up out there.
He sure is stirring the pot.
He may miss it occasionally, but he's stirring it.
Now, how do we automatically know that was him?
He's out there listening right now.
He's going to come on this afternoon and accuse me of accusing him of things that we have no proof of.
It may have been somebody totally unconnected with that show.
Maybe one of the board ops.
It may have been one of the manned kids who may drop the load on the floor.
You never know.
Let's send Adam down there to inspect it a little more closely.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Good morning, now.
Yes, sir.
First of all, a long time list, just like in time, caller.
Okay.
I did want to thank you on Christmas Eve.
You played the Crapidation contest.
Then on Christmas Day, we had a big party here.
It took about 14 minutes out of our day.
We played it, and it was just hilarious.
Beauty.
I've listened to it.
For a long time and every holiday you play it, I never have a tape, and finally, finally finally.
Well, that's great.
I really enjoyed it.
Okay.
One more thing.
Yeah.
Can I call somebody at this back?
Go ahead.
See you.
We have an open line in the Star Line Star ID.
All three in Broward again.
524, forget it.
Let's go to Clearwater.
Hello.
Clearwater.
Go on.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Okay. First of all, you're right.
The Bears have never had a good offense.
They always have a defense.
Yeah.
Always dirty and have a tough defense, and always mind up in games that are like seven to three, ten to nine, stuff like that.
Boring.
They're a very strange team.
However, I must say to contradict myself that the best team I ever saw was the 85 Bears.
85 Bears?
Absolutely.
They went 15 and one.
The only thing.
Well, that's when the dolphins beat them on Monday night.
On Monday night, right.
Yeah.
They were.
That was a super team.
I have to admit, they were tough.
Run and run.
I hate to see it.
I'm a Bob fan.
I was a run and run fan, and I got a little tired of it.
After about a year, it was the same thing.
And I switched over to Bob.
Now they're going to move Bob.
You are always listening to.
By the way, you are catching the mid audience.
I had a fellow I worked with.
It surprised me.
He come up.
I'm catching a what?
The mid audience, mid 25.
Oh.
Okay.
I had a guy that I was, we suddenly could use radios at work, and everybody's listening to rock and roll, and I'm listening to talk radio, and I'm talking.
So, what are you listening to this?
And six months later, the guy goes, you know who Neil Rogers is?
Yeah, I do.
He's a riot.
I said, that's the guy I was trying to tell you about.
So, he's listening.
See, the only problem is, because I already know, like, run and run have all this promotion to get over here on Zeta, all these TV spots, and all these billboards.
And the same thing is going to happen over there, and they're going to get a ton of promotion.
The only thing is, I'm going to be just like afterbirth again.
You know, if by us Moses, some of their people stick around and find me by accident, that'll happen, and I'm sure a lot of them will listen to the show.
But in terms of getting any promotion or getting any TV coverage or any meaningful promotion over there, I'm sure it's not going to happen.
No, you're not.
Just like it doesn't happen over here.
I'm going to give you, maybe you'll pick up 10%.
Man, I think I'm being generous.
You yourself.
Well, any could have helped.
No, it's not.
But, and as far as Bob, I won something from Bob's Lassiter.
Yep.
That's great.
You know what it was?
I won a Miss Howard Stern New Year's Eve party on Vision Cable.
Oh, yeah?
How was it?
Great.
Was it great?
Well, it's not on yet.
New Year's Eve?
Oh, it's a New Year's Eve thing.
I kept thinking it was on the slides.
We got the Christmas.
Oh, it's coming up.
That's right.
Yeah, it's a fourth.
Okay.
I'm not paying 40 bucks for it.
What, neither am I.
I got it.
It's free.
Okay, great.
And hockey, by the way, I would like to read you this out of the SAP Times Sports.
First, fast.
Lightning falls three to one.
Shake up, promise.
Okay.
Chris, see ya.
I'm gonna kick it.
See ya.
Bye.
Oh, one of Bob's people.
We have an open line in Broward 5241 on the Starline and one on the Greenline and 1-800-9449-463.
Let's do Miami Lakes.
Hello.
Hey, good morning.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, getting back to hockey.
Okay.
Do you think most teams are getting more hockey?
They're more offensive when they're defending against the power play.
Don't you remember teams used to just form the parameters around the net and watch as the other team attack?
No, not at all.
You don't think so?
I remember back in the days, for example, Bobby, you're in Derek Sanders in both with the Bruins used to score enormous amounts of shorthanded goals.
I can remember when the Davey Keon scored a lot of shorthanded goals for the Maple Leafs.
No, I don't think so at all.
I think quite the contrary.
You don't see as many shorthanded goals now as we used to see.
I know because we've been so excited since hockey started and we've seen a lot of games and we've watched them.
I wish there were more on television to start with.
I mean, at first month or so, it seemed like the opposition for the Panthers was getting like real shorthanded, you know, getting offensive mighted when they were shorthanded.
Do you think that's one of our biggest weaknesses as we don't set up quick enough for the power play?
No, I think the power play is coming along.
That's one of those things that takes time.
And I think with all the injuries that we've had, it made it very difficult.
But I think it's coming along when Niedermeyer comes back, which is supposedly for the Anaheim game on New Year's Day.
Thank God.
I think it'll get back in the shape.
I mean, one of the things that people don't seem to realize or maybe some of them are remembering is that we've played this well over these last, I mean, we're like 62 and 2 in the month of December, which is almost over.
And we've played for the last several weeks without Niedermeyer, who's probably our best offensive player.
You've got quite a future. What are you 19, right?
Right.
What are you 19? What are you 19?
Well, anyways, we enjoy it.
And if you're there, New Year, we hope to see you.
I'll be there. Trust me.
I'll be there. Trust me.
Okay. You too.
Don't forget we got that Anaheim game. It's an unusual start.
It's 1205 on New Year's Day, but there're going to be a million people there, especially a lot of little kids.
Oh, that's another thing.
I don't want to pick on Rick while he's on vacation this week.
Although maybe he's in town, so I'll pick on him anyway.
I know SUDs did.
Nice going, SUDs.
Rick is in here on that last Thursday before they went on vacation, talking about how his kid wants a mighty duck's t-shirt.
I would put my foot so far up that kid's ass that he would have leather coming out of his tonsils.
I'll turn to that right now.
Mighty duck's t-shirt, my ass.
And like SUDd said, and SUDds ain't even a hockey fan, much less a real sports fan to begin with.
He says, oh, gee, I thought we had our own team.
Get him a panther's jacket or a panther's jersey.
You jackball, you idiot.
Once a mighty duck shirt.
That Disney man.
I'm talking to Disney could go downstairs right now.
And that whatever it was that was left, that residue that's down there, that gigantic pile, he could market that and sell it for a million dollars.
Tell me, that's just a Disney people.
They could market any kind of crap and make it into gold.
And the same with that mighty duck crap.
What is that?
A package from Al Goldstein.
It says Milky Way Productions on the front.
And if you open it up on the inside, Scorch-Gorard got the coming attractions.
It's 1149 at WIOD and WSUN.
Tonight, after Randy Rhodes, it's Don and Mike.
You saw great news, big spin.
Come when you are your team.
Look what I got from Al Goldstein, my perverted friend.
It's one of those things that you open up the envelope and then there's like a package and you open up the package and there's a box and you open up the box and there's another package.
It's one of those things where you have to open up like five or six things.
The Peppersnet Apache Tennessee Tipsy Cake.
There is one of these.
It's like a little spice cake and it's been soaked in genuine smooth black label Jack Daniels Tennessee Sippin Whiskey.
So they call it the Pepper Patch Tennessee Tipsy Cake and it's pretty good.
And by about 130, man, we'll be ready for a jazz.
You know what I'm saying?
Boy, you can just smell that baby and the cake too.
Here's Tampa.
Hello.
Deal. Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Bottoms up.
First time caller.
Okay.
And how about the schmuck? I mean box.
Yeah. How about that, huh?
Someone right out of their ass.
Do you enjoy the game last night?
I didn't go.
You didn't go?
I watched it on TV.
You know, I did not go because the game turned out to be a 735 start.
I got all the way up to Palm Beach.
I looked at my tickets and saw I thought it was a six o'clock game and I saw the starting time and I slammed on a break.
And I turned right around and went back home watching it on TV.
Well, I was, I was caught the last few minutes on TV when the lightning tried that cute, planning power play.
Yeah.
And God, what a pretty pathetic, those people.
Pretty weak.
Pretty weak.
Beeser was outstanding.
Oh, God.
Made some fantastic saves.
Oh, God. I was, I was, oh, God, he was good.
Yeah. Now he was good.
Shameless request.
Yes, sir.
A couple, a couple little things from my girlfriend.
I'm sure you've already got it.
Yeah.
Sports word.
There is one.
A sports word.
Yeah.
And I know from what his name.
Well, what is that?
What kind of requester that?
Oh, it's just, you know, I use them on her occasionally and I wanted her to hear the real thing.
No.
She probably uses that one on you more often, I would imagine.
Listen, have a great day, pal.
Thank you, sir.
See ya.
Okay, get the search party out.
We have an open line in day one in Broward and one on a green line.
Do we have a folk, by the way?
Do we have a little folk in there?
Huh?
What do you mean you don't know?
I'll find one.
I'll guarantee if we had like real food in here, you'd find one faster.
You can say, uh, I need my personal fork, but I know you don't have that.
Faster than you can say bum Phillips or buddy Ryan.
I think my mind is definitely starting to go now because like that bum Phillips buddy Ryan thing I did.
And then last week with the numbers on the bills players.
And then, uh, you know, when you're starting getting Alzheimer's, the kicks in like real gradual.
Then all of a sudden you wake up one morning and start calling yourself by a different name.
Oh, look at that.
Beautiful.
Why do you want a piece of this too?
Huh?
You're going to get like sick from this, George.
It's like loaded with booze.
It's just like dripping in it.
Look at that.
And heavy.
Feel how heavy that is.
Huh?
What do you mean go ahead and dig in?
I'm going to eat it right out of the tin.
I'm just going to eat one little piece.
It's got too much booze, man.
It's soaked in booze.
And I don't even like booze, but boy, I'm sure it's good.
Goes down smooth.
Here he wears my motorcycle jacket.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, I think Adam is a little wolf.
A little whiny wolf.
Yeah.
Hey, a chance in a ripple.
He didn't ripple me.
He complimented the show.
Yeah.
It's better than Drew Michaels, you know.
Yeah.
And Mike, um, Marvin, he didn't speak enough.
You know, I listen to that show.
Um, um, Marvin didn't speak enough.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Are you eating?
Yeah.
I'm listening.
Eating and listening.
And as far as running, they're all right, but, um, they've got to get rid of a fuzzy guy.
Yeah.
That's like really, you know, actually.
Pretty weak.
Every time I hit...
Well, he said he was sorry, okay?
Love means never having to say what he said.
I tell you that stuff.
This, okay, I don't know.
See, this is another thing of food.
This goddamn Al Goldstein, my good friend from a screw magazine in Midnight Blue, and Mr.
Pornow expert who doesn't know Peter North from, uh, Torrey Wells sends me food because the
man is like obsessed with food.
I haven't seen him lately, but the rumor has it that he's bigger than ever.
That he's like, uh, a house that they have to have new zoning laws, not for his house,
but just for him in Pompano.
Here's St. Petersburg.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
All right.
Okay, sir.
I wanted to talk to you real quick.
I had...
I've got a chance to call you.
I remember when you were going to shut off the 1-800 numbers because no one was calling.
Do you remember that?
Yeah.
And I had to say this, even though no one calls, the ability to reach out and talk to such an
astounding individual is yourself and I'm not sucking up for him.
It means something to us.
Does it?
Over here.
It's very true.
The ability to be able to pick up that phone so don't ever shut it up.
Even the people don't call.
They don't call.
You know, that did that there.
Yeah.
And that's the thing.
They've got to be able to all...
They've got to be able to feel that one.
Fundats watching.
Lisa, that's it.
I'm really ripping on me.
Huh?
You're ripping on me.
Not at all.
But doing favor.
I'm gonna tell you that I'm real tight, man.
Okay.
Do me one favor.
Go ahead.
Play that Michael Jackson interview that you guys kind of made true.
Yeah.
40?
I'm gonna kill that.
I'll see if I can find it.
If you could, sir.
Okay.
Thank you.
See ya.
Bye-bye.
What happened to that thing by the way, George?
Ehhhhhh!
Ehhhhhh!
Ehhhhhh!
Ehhhhhh!
I feel just like jazz now.
But if I am guilty of anything, it is of giving all that I have to give, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my penis, my
Ranking Officer Stacy Koon, and the
Officer who did most of the blowing on the
head, Lawrence Powell.
Oh!
Use Talk Radio's 610 WIOD presents The
Neal Roger Show to talk with Neal Dial 751 WIOD
from date in Broward 524 WIOD.
Outside the 305 area code toll free 1-800-944-WIOD.
And Bell South Mobility Customers make it a
free call by dialect star IOD.
Now, the Neal Roger Show on Use Talk Radio's 610 WIOD.
You know, fat rich reminds me of my mother.
Hey guys, some stations get you concert tickets, some
stations get you dinner for two.
But we're going all the way.
All right.
Because we're going to get you laid.
Get your way.
Forget about the fancy dinner.
Forget about the pricey car.
They're all about one thing anyway.
And we're cutting right to the chase.
We're going to get you laid.
You'll be doing the nasty.
Fork a Rama.
Just be the third color when you hear this sound.
And we'll fix you up with a fifth of Scotch and a blind tick on a drinking
problem.
Works every time.
Guarantee to get you laid.
Employees of this station and their families are not eligible to get laid.
The station assumes no responsibility for disease, pregnancy, long-term
attachments, death or other collateral damage that may result from you getting laid.
Get laid.
Forget loss.
People listening to wins.
And your mandate takes us in order to after each game.
1206 at WIWD.
We'll see how Rift Snorten is going to be tonight.
Of course, we'll have your dolphin game on here tonight.
Won't we?
Which starts probably at six o'clock with the pregame festivities for hours and
hours and hours with the football foreplay.
Or they kind of like fondle the foreskin.
And then at nine o'clock, man, kick off time.
Your big Monday night football.
Some of us, of course, will be watching at Poppano Park.
Don't forget, by the way, we got a nice racing card tonight at Poppano Park.
Then dark tomorrow.
Then starting Wednesday, we have this amazing thing where you're going to have 16
opportunities to plunge your guts out every night.
16, 13 live races on track.
And then three simulcasts from the metal lands where you'll be betting into their
pools, which are like separate.
And then a chance to bet into the metal lands, pick seven, which is thousands
and thousands of dollars a jackpot every night, starting Wednesday.
Here's what kind of a phone is that?
What is that?
They all went for lunch now?
Okay, let's take these two or three.
We'll play some music.
Here's Davey.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Holiday greeting.
It's back to you.
Hey, that card you have with Michael Jackson?
Yes.
You know, you know, what is wrong with his mouth?
Maybe he used it too much.
Listen to how he says lower torso when he says lower.
Okay.
Wait a minute.
Let's listen to it again.
All right.
The hoist says, wait a minute.
But if I am guilty of anything, it is of giving all that I have to give.
My penis, my buttocks, my lower torso, thighs, and any other error.
Well, sounds like he's got his tongue stuck in there.
He's got something stuck in there.
Yeah.
I think he's got like a...
Michael Callie.
Uh-huh.
Hey, I got one more thing.
Yeah.
Maybe I'll go to the street and hook me up with Peter Dore.
Okay.
I see you, Neil.
Squared, squirt.
Bye.
Okay, look at that phone now.
The three green lines are lit.
Thank God for our people on the West Coast.
That's all I can say.
And that's it.
All are other seven lines, which is why we have no numbers anymore in the Miami market,
because we have no audience left anymore over here.
All three day lines wide open, seven five one, all three and powered five two four,
and even the star line at star IOD.
Nothing, not a zippity doodah.
Zero.
Shut out.
Beautiful.
I'm moving to Tampa myself.
Here is the belt laid.
Hello.
Now, sooner or later, I get possession of myself so as to be able to speak,
then I ask the person that just stood above me in the light,
which of all the sex was right, and which I should join.
Tampa, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Listen, last year said on his last show,
yeah, that he was thinking about doing some changes for the afternoon drive.
Uh-huh.
And I get a lot of guests on, like, start to do some geriatric talk,
going back to topics and doing the old FLA routine on SUS.
He didn't say he just said that he was, uh, it was going to be fun.
Yeah, that'll be a lot of fun.
And that he was going to change the fort, or he didn't say he was going to change the fort,
but he's sineuated.
Anyway, jazz, I was wanting to get you to show this weekend.
Yes, I did.
Uh, he mentioned that he had someone asked him, what does he ride?
And he said he didn't ride anything that he drove in 83 Cadillac
with a gold paint job and a blue top.
Really?
Yeah.
And, uh, I was just wondering, I mean, that's a hell of a ride.
Can you imagine that?
Jazz going down the street with a bomb in his Cadillac?
Yeah, I can't imagine that.
Listen, I hope they put reconcets on the overnight because, uh,
Randy wrote Sucks and, uh, the Leaf Suck too.
See you.
Good one.
Great call, they're beautiful.
There's another one of our good pizons, like I said.
Thank God for them.
Uh, this is going to be a real short show today.
Is that him still in the building?
Let's go to Hellendale on the Star Line.
Hello.
Hello?
Yeah.
Neil, I'm on.
Yeah.
Wow, that was quick.
Yeah, everybody's going to be real quick today.
We got no calls.
Well, I'm exhausted in the first two hours and that's the end.
All right.
I'm north on here.
I just wanted to kill some good at a time and say that, uh, Brian Cox belongs in the WWF,
not the NFL.
Uh-huh.
And that's about it.
Okay.
Neil?
Yeah.
New year.
All three day lines wide open.
I'm not going to fight this.
This is ridiculous.
Okay.
Holidays come.
We had a pretty interesting week last week in spite of the pre-Holiday.
We gave away all the hams the week before it in spite of the fact we had nothing to give away last week.
We made out okay.
And now it's like after the holidays, it's all over with.
Where's your new lineup?
Boy, just absolutely a bitter pill to swallow.
I'll tell you that.
Thanks again to Mike Nadal.
Because I'm going to play this entire album during this upcoming hour.
It's 11 afternoon at WIOD and WSUN.
He's following sports talk 610.
It's Randy Rowe.
New stock radio 610.
Where are you?
Double New IOD.
1213 at WIOD.
The good news is from the West Coast that Brian the board op, who used to be our board op, is now no longer the board op,
which we had to fight out from a listener because nobody over there tells us anything.
And he's like the overnight news ace.
Can you imagine him doing the news on air?
I mean, let's get serious.
So he's doing like the fly by night news overnight and he's no longer the board op over there.
And he's just like a chronic caller on a weekend, I guess, and doing overnight news.
Nice going, Brian.
Butchup.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
I realize it's a little slow today.
I got a Buffalo Bill fan story here.
I went in to buy a card.
It was a unnamed dealership last weekend for a, when he was little Mazda Miyada, a used car job.
The guy was so busy and he was such a Buffalo fan that he okayed the deal without running it up on the adding machine.
Well, I went in to go on the deal.
They forgot to add in sales tax and dealer prep.
And he wanted to know why I wouldn't let him adjust it.
He ragged me the whole day about that game.
So, uh, they'll grill out your dish bag.
I beat you on the car deal.
Anybody else in FDL truck?
See you.
Yes, fuck.
Okay.
Man, this is overwhelming today.
You know what?
Two open lines of day, 751, two at Brown.
And we had a woman call today at all.
We did?
Oh, and I'm not talking about the lady from Atlanta because she's from out of town.
I'm talking about from in town.
Have we had one?
No.
Not one.
Orlando.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I was at the game last night.
Where were you, man?
I was not there.
I saw those two empty seats in real.
Uh-huh.
Those were the ones.
Those were the ones.
Uh-huh.
Where were you, you were sick?
No, I was not sick.
I looked at it.
Do I have many times the way I have to give this story over and over again?
Yeah, at the outbreak.
I missed a f***.
God.
I have a life I was working.
The game was originally supposed to be a 605 game, which is the only reason I would have driven up there under any circumstances.
Uh-huh.
And I get, I'm on a turnpike and for some reason it possessed me to look into my pocket.
I'm looking at the tickets.
And I see 735 on a ticket and I thought, what the hell is this?
They changed it again.
So you let your money go to the market?
I got off on a turn.
What do you mean my money?
I didn't pay for it.
I don't need to pay for it.
You let somebody else's money.
Well, Vita paid for it.
Oh, yeah.
You're gonna take cheese then.
If they can afford Ron and Ron for millions and millions, they can afford to blow 100 bucks on two tickets that I didn't use.
I even had some good stuff for you, man.
Did you?
I had a disc for you.
Of what?
A disc of some hot stuff.
Uh-huh.
You still want it in the disc too?
Sure.
Okay.
What's your address?
W-I-O-D Miami?
33141.
33141.
Right.
I'm writing it down.
Okay.
Hey, can you play that Harry Carey thing for me?
Harry Carey thing.
Hey, Neil.
F-U.
F-U?
Yeah.
Don't talk about the Gators that way.
I know, man.
They stuck.
I don't think V-West Virginia though, because I'm a big no.
Hey, Neil.
Fuck you.
Okay, give me that crap.
Give me the crap.
Okay, I'll send it to you.
That's what I'm talking about.
Okay, see you.
We have an open line in the green line, one unbroward and two in date.
Very, very spotty Monday.
Like I said, I said it right into the beginning.
I know what the story is.
See, these other shows, basically what I'm doing now.
This is history anyway.
Talking to people on the phone.
No, it is.
I know what you're smoking about.
Talking to people on the phone is history.
All of these shows that are coming around, I like Ron and Ron.
They take a few calls here and there.
They don't even put them on live.
They tape them ahead at time while they're playing these long records.
They tape all the calls.
They put nothing on near live.
And they're like two guys and they got their characters.
And it's stick.
And that's what shows are becoming now as opposed to this actually expecting like verbal intercourse
from the audience out there because it doesn't happen.
Hi, Lisa.
Hello.
And welcome back.
Thank you.
From?
I can't see.
Where?
I didn't go anywhere.
Oh, how exciting.
Here's a mobile in West Boka.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
How you doing?
Okay.
Great.
Listen, I just got a question for you.
I heard you talking a little earlier today about the Panthers.
We've been really trying to follow it.
My wife and I.
And the game too.
And you talked about the one game out of being like a 500 game.
Yeah.
I don't understand that.
I don't know what the points are, but I don't know what you mean by the.
What is that?
500?
Yeah.
I mean, how is that rated?
How do they get this 500?
Let's say you played 10 games.
Right.
Okay.
You win five.
Right.
You lose five.
Okay.
It's 500.
Oh, that's what that means.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
That means they win as many as they've lost.
They've won 14.
They've lost 15.
And they've tied five.
And if they win the next game, they'll be 500.
Oh, I got it.
Even.
Oh, I see.
Okay.
Well, listen, we love your show.
Okay.
You've got the good work.
Can I call somebody a douchebag?
Uh-huh.
Dottie your a douchebag.
Okay.
Thanks, Neil.
See ya.
Bye.
Obviously an algebra major there.
No question about that.
We have two open lines in date.
So let me ask you, John.
What's this icing thing, John?
I'm going to tell you something.
I'm going to let you in on a little secret.
I turned on the radio while I was watching TV just because I'm a masochist and to see how angry I could get.
There was a point in the game last night between our panthers and the lightning.
There was a point from like, um,
two minutes and 45 seconds left in the game
till about less than a minute during which Chris Moore never mentioned.
In fact, he never mentions any names.
Uh-oh, it's out in front.
The lightning got a chance.
They not get into the corner and now the panthers get it out.
He doesn't mention any names because the game is too fast.
He's incompetent.
He is incapable of broadcasting our sport.
He cannot do it.
And there are points at which you're asking yourself like, uh, is the game going on now?
Or are he in Moynihan talking?
Is there like a stop in the action?
And like, oh, they almost doctor.
They were on that.
Okay.
Well, they almost doctored in their own net.
But now like, who's got it?
Did B's or get it?
Where is it?
Is the game going on?
It stopped the brand betting almost doctored in his own net.
But what's going on now?
Chris, Chris.
Nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
And when I finish watching the games at the arena and I get my car and I have no idea why
I still keep doing that.
I should turn on Randi every time.
But I keep in, in subjecting myself because I'm a masochist to that crap after the game.
And when they start going on about stuff that they have, no idea that they're talking about.
I get so angry and I hear those butt kissing callers.
And that goes back to what I've said about most callers.
Whether it's on a talk show, a sports show, cat calls, ass calls, whatever it is.
It's the same crap.
They just want to suck around.
Oh, you guys are doing such a great job.
And oh, you make it so exciting.
They're not doing a great job.
They don't tell you what the hell is going on.
How can you win out the hockey game and not give the names of any of the players?
Even if you just read if you off the scorecard would be something.
Even if they weren't on the ice.
Oh, it's out in front.
It's in the corner.
It's over here.
It's in the slot.
It's in the oven.
Get it out.
What is that?
What is that?
I'll tell you what it is like Bill Monroe used to say on Meet the Press until they discovered
he had a heavy New England accent and couldn't speak.
It's an abortion.
It's what it is.
It's an abortion.
And you assholes that you butt sucking fools that call him up after those games.
Oh, gee, Chris and John, you guys are doing such a great job, man.
I've never heard such exciting broadcasts.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Suck this.
It's 1221 at WIOD and WSUN.
Get's the latest news from the 610 WIOD News Center each hour plus an update on traffic
and the current weather forecast.
WIOD!
Hey, enough with the panthers already.
When the hell does the baseball season begin anyway, huh?
There comes a time in a young woman's life when she has to ask questions.
Mom, I have to ask you a personal question.
Do you, douche?
Sure I do.
I use vinegar and water.
Why vinegar and water?
Because, silly.
I'm Italian.
Hidden Valley douche.
In Italian, French, French, or new chunky blue cheese.
1223 at WIOD, we have an open line and date one on the Sterline Sterio D1 and Brad with
some asshole on a mobile already dropped off.
Here's another mobile implantation.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, long time listen.
For the first time, I've got to tell you, you got me into the panthers big time.
I like them a lot.
I've been to a bunch of games.
Yep.
What I need to ask you though is I'm confused about something.
I know you can answer this.
What is 500?
Well, no 500.
I'm aware of.
And what is icing?
I think I'm aware of also.
And how is it possible for Chris Moore to be so bad?
Well, that's not an explanation.
And John Maynard had Moynihan to be so unknowledgeable in such an asshole.
No, what I need to know is when they have a faith off and all of a sudden they decide to change the players who are going to have the faith off.
Right.
What makes that happen?
Is the roughness side that or why?
The lines been kicked them out.
If they drop their stick to said they move out of position too soon and lines been in a surly moody, kicks their ass out.
And then someone else just randomly comes into that position?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
Because I was at the ranges game the other night and happened a few times and I was clueless.
Yeah.
We're not getting it as much as we did.
In the first month or so of the season, man, we were getting, especially in Etermar, was getting kicked out of the face offs like over and over and over and over again.
Overranks his.
Oh, okay.
Because I was watching.
I just didn't know why they did that.
And also some of the lines been, I mean, they're just surly and it just, it just slows down the game.
I mean, just drop the damn thing and stop waiting for the perfect, you know, it's like the, like their ballet dancers on ice or something.
Just if they're like close to where they should be, drop the goddamn thing and get the game going again.
You know, but some of these lines been are really surly bastards.
It's like a little power trip, you know.
You know, I agree.
I just haven't seen that before and I wasn't sure why.
Well, no, you know.
But it's great when they beat the range of the other night, that was an awesome game.
The greatest moment in our, in our short history.
Yeah, I'm sure the beat was very happy about that.
Yep.
That was your one more thing here.
You know, you recommended pizza chef to us.
Right.
And I've been having, I live out in plantation also and I've had it a few times and it was great.
Lately, it's been dry and crusty.
I'm telling you.
Really?
How about the pizza?
This is a pizza, right?
And I went there originally to help, but Neil sent me and it was terrific and all of a sudden it's not the same pizza chef.
And I just want you to know that.
Really?
I don't know if you've had it recently in experience.
I heard what about two weeks ago I would say it was really good.
It was?
Yeah.
Well, it's just something and it's funny.
We've had like three or four times and it's been like that.
It has not been like the first couple of times when you were really putting it in.
Well, shape up over there at pizza chef.
I'm going to get one this week just to test it out because I get to deliver it all the time.
All right.
Well, you should and hey, keep up the great work.
You're fantastic.
Okay, see ya.
Bye-bye.
And I do pay for it by the way.
I'm not looking for any freebies.
I do pay for my pie, okay?
We have two open lines in Broward, five, two, four.
I got such heartburn from that booze.
Man, this man is like...
What is there to say about that, man?
He's like food intensive.
He's like obsessed with it.
I thought he's supposed to be the sex expert.
He could have sent me something better wrapped up in a package, something like more like that.
Okay, it would have been really nice.
So by the way, how's Chris doing?
Anyway, let's go to Vorlopterdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing?
Let me tell you something.
People call you about, oh, what's this?
What's the black thing that's hitting around?
What's the icy blah, blah, blah?
I got something to hit or it's a bad around a little bit.
Yeah.
It's a y'all about it.
Right.
That's what Moynihan should tell these assholes with those stupid cat calls.
If you're that dumb, you don't even know what icing is yet.
Go out, get 50 cents and write the video and stop putting us in a coma with his prep.
Absolutely correct.
I got one more thing for you, Neil.
Yeah.
Chris, more you fricking suck.
Okay.
All right, Neil.
See ya.
Oh, God.
That's the guard you were just gave me.
I think he dipped it in that booze on a way in here.
Or something.
He dipped it in something.
I can smell it.
Where is this rack here?
I think all the stuff that we got in this rack back here has kind of faded into oblivion.
You know that?
I don't even ever even look at that thing anymore.
And there might be some interesting crappin' here like, for example, this.
Yeah.
I like that.
Huh?
We're in hell, is it?
Let's do a mobile in Miami.
Hello, on a Broward line.
Hello.
Oh, sorry about that, asshole.
Hey, I was eating and driving and calling you at the same time and I mungull over myself.
Nice.
Anyhow.
What are you eating?
I was eating Wendy.
Oh, juicy.
Yeah.
Juicy and greasy.
And very money on the shirt.
I love it.
Anyhow, two things.
Actually, two or three things.
The first thing is I want to take you again for the Bruins tickets.
I love Wendy's, but it gives me that good bad.
So that's what I need after this, all the food I eat this week and I need a good...
Oh, good.
Anyhow, about your programming.
Listen to everything this weekend.
Let's see.
Yes?
I'm trying to drop my radio so I'm not confused here.
Okay.
Okay, we're off.
Jazz.
Like him.
Alive.
Do you have?
Yes, I think he's excellent.
Adam and Marvin, Marvin and Adam.
The deal Rodgers and such show or whatever you want to call it.
There.
Need a lot of practice.
A lot of work.
No more games.
Just put them on a set of tapes.
Don't get it eventually.
Okay.
As far as Rod and Rod are over there.
Oh, I was up in Orlando this weekend.
You know why that radio station's terminal?
It sounds like AM.
The news.
Everything's just...it's so bland.
What do you mean, S.U.N.?
Yeah.
I've listed it for the first time and I hear all this stuff living down here about S.U.N.
But I never listened to it.
But overall, it's just...it's so tinny.
Everything's tinny.
No music.
No sounds with the news.
I heard a promo for blob.
Who would listen to it after listening to the promo?
It was terminal to say the least.
But Jazz Vikaze, very excellent.
Is it?
Yes.
Rick and Suz and yourself are always excellent as usual.
Don't listen to Randy too much because I can only be in the car so many days.
I can only be in the car for hours out of the day.
But I say, hook up Jazz for the morning.
Jazz for the mornings?
Yeah.
Wake everybody up.
Oh my God.
You got to be in Lala Lane.
Hey.
Well, personally, I think we kind of screwed up by not getting Ron and Ron.
Debbie, drug dose in it.
Why don't you get Ron and Ron and Zeta?
We can't do that.
Let me tell you something.
Seriously.
Ron and Ron couldn't lick Howard's ass.
Okay?
Sure.
And if I'm going to say the same thing I said on Friday, if this company wants to make that kind of commitment to AM radio,
like they're doing in Tampa, they would have spent the same money or less money because
see with Ron and Ron, the reason that comes out to be so much is both guys make basically the same.
And then they got all these other flunkies that they pay out of their own deal.
So between a two of them, they're like about a million dollars a year almost, okay?
So they're making a gigantic commitment for a half a million a year in each market they could have had Howard.
And Ron and Ron couldn't lick his follicle.
I'm telling you.
Well, granted on his one Howard's worst day.
I would love to have Howard in the morning.
But if you're not going to put Howard on in the morning, who are you going to put on against Ron and Ron?
All right.
I mean, I'm 27 years old.
I make decent living.
I'm in the car.
I listen.
I go to some of your advertisements.
I'll tell you who I would put on.
I would go to Indianapolis and make Bob and Tom such an offer that they couldn't turn it down.
They would blow anybody in this market.
They would do a 15-year, okay?
They make all of these people we're talking about paying to win significance including Howard, okay?
Okay.
They make them all pay into win significance.
And I keep hearing all they don't want to ever leave there.
They're making too much money.
I'd pay them so much money and put them on both stations and they couldn't refuse.
Okay.
The best. They are the best in the business in the morning is Bob and Tom.
They're right in Indianapolis.
Bob and Tom.
But remember we used to play their stuff before, huh?
Yes, of course.
Well, there you go.
Bob and Tom in the morning, Neil and the midday.
Rick and Todd.
Yeah.
And then, ready?
Yeah.
Or do you want to have jazz?
No, I don't want to have.
Look, I'm not trying to say I don't want to have jazz at all.
I said put Randi on under the present circumstances, put Randi on any afternoon because she would be on only here and last at her over there, which makes sense.
And then have sports talk on in both markets and then have jazz on at night in both markets live.
Oh, that works.
Yeah, it works big because he'd do a big number over there and he would do okay here.
Let me ask you another question.
Yeah.
The ACN stuff you can't play.
Right.
Can Rick and Todd's play it now that they're not on an issue end?
Yes.
They can.
Yeah.
Yes.
Okay.
But that's assuming that, well, no matter where they are, if they go to the morning or wherever they are, they're going to be able to play ACN.
I never thought about that.
Yeah.
That's great.
I know.
I was kind of hoping they would dump you too, so we can get it all back.
Yeah, right.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Hey, hey, hey.
Let me tell you something.
If I didn't have the calls from my friends on a West Coast, I'd be dumped all together over here because I can't buy a call and they'd have broward anymore.
Hey, I'll give you the $2 if they dump you.
That's a pay, right?
Okay.
Anyhow, it closing.
Yeah.
Let me tell you something, management.
Research this.
Oh!
See.
Excellent call.
Two open lines, both in Broward, 524 and one on the green line.
See, I hate to keep rehashing, but I'll do it anyway because it's the holidays.
A lot of people have been in and out, so to speak.
And I touched on this on Friday.
If this company had any kind of common sense at all, since you've got two AM stations that are both in a state of flux with an L,
and they're making big changes on SUN.
And there are no questions.
There are going to be some changes here.
What they are, for sure.
We don't know.
We can speculate, I don't know.
But wouldn't you think that they would coordinate it and that they would have a game plan that they had these big meetings in Atlanta?
They got all this research two or three weeks ago.
Wouldn't you think that they would all sit down, Bob Neal and Bob Green and Todd Lacer and Tom Velvita,
whoever these mighty powers, the brain trust, that they would sit down and they would decide based on what would be equally productive in both markets,
since we pretty much have a cooperative kind of thing going.
Wouldn't you figure that would be the way to do it?
No, not here.
So now we reach the point where Bob Green says to me this morning, well, no, whatever we're going to do,
it ain't going to be here next week, not yet.
So not only don't I know for sure what it is, but it ain't going to be next week.
Whereas they're going to do their thing over there next week, but they don't know what they're going to do after six o'clock at night.
Wouldn't it be nice if somebody would talk to Randy and tell them what they're going to do after six o'clock at night?
Wouldn't that be like something she might be interested in?
But it just continues to be just half-assed.
Here's Lakeland. Hello.
Speaking of half-assed, beauty, bird junior.
Here's Mimey Lakes. Hello.
Hi, energy today, I'm Neil.
Yeah.
Kind of question for you.
I'm down here, visiting from Detroit for the holidays.
Yes, sir.
Can I tell you, these people down here, they would know a hockey puck from a basketball.
Exactly.
500?
Yeah, that was kind of weak.
Is that typical of what's going on since hockey got down here?
Yes.
Oh, God.
All right. I got a deal for you.
And the sad part of it is we got a hell of a nice team, too.
That's what's really sad.
Yeah, that's great.
I mean, I've found them in the newspaper, everything.
Yeah.
I'm doing all right. I get a deal for you.
I am the GM of the Red Wings, you're the GM of the Panthers.
Yeah.
I send Steve Iserman.
We'll take him right now.
For the beazer in your number one draft choice.
Ha, ha, ha.
What do you think?
We need a gold tender.
No, we'll give you if it's Patrick in the number one draft choice.
No, we need a gold tender.
Yeah.
Okay, I'll do it.
All right, how about this?
We throw in, we'll throw down, we'll change the number.
I'll throw Bruce Martin down there, you give us Chris Martin.
No, I'll tell you what, we'll send you a half an arm, you send us Bud Lynch.
How's that?
Oh, Bud Lynch is brutal.
Yeah, he's doing the PA up there now.
Yeah, he is.
Or it's Bruce Martin, Paul Woods, on WGIS.
We used to call him Venus Demila.
Who is doing TV for the Panthers?
I know Chris Moore is joining us to an radio.
Uh, uh, what the hell is his name with a mustache?
The guy that does the capitals away games?
Jeff, Jeff Rimmer.
I don't know.
Rimmer.
He's not bad.
He's okay.
What channel is that on 33?
It's on some games on Sunshine Last Night, was on 33 all the way.
I did watch Sunshine Last Night to Tampa Telecast, goes on the satellite to picture is much better.
The only reason I say this is, people in Detroit aren't looking to possibly trade isoment.
Federal office playing on of his mind, they're playing great without federal isoment.
He's supposed to be back in a few weeks.
And, uh, there are not in a few weeks, he's supposed to be back in a couple of days.
A few days is it?
Yeah.
Anyway, we just need a go at it, I mean, shovel based sucks.
I was good as young and he's going to be okay, but, you know, this is the year we really could make a run.
We really need a go at it.
Now, it looks to me like he got the runs.
Yeah, well, let's make a run at the time.
I mean, the leaves are given everybody a chance the last couple of weeks.
We kind of eased off on everybody and, uh, you know, playing 500 if I can say that for the last couple of weeks.
But starting in Chicago tonight, the leaves are going to turn it up a notch and start winning again.
Yeah, that's right.
I just want you to understand that.
We're kind of, we're kind of, we're kind of, telling them to get down here.
Uh, we had in the last three games we broke the record each game.
We have three sellouts in a row and the mighty duck game on New Year's Day.
Well, it should be sold out.
Upstanding.
Yep.
Okay.
We're kind of, uh, two in deep-rooted disbanks.
Okay.
Have a good one.
See ya.
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah thank you for the collaboration with Soooo
Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy come here Tommy
So what's that? I want to show you something
See me
Me, me
Touch me
Yes, right there
Where we're we
See me
Oh, yes
Feel all of me
Touch me
Woo
Me
Crap it all records presents these previously unreleased tracks
Catch me seeing these songs the way they were meant to be
The rough boy in slits skirts peeked out at the in my box set
This is the one the unbuck I've had these silver balls
Bein' thrown down and brightened
And they always clean the car
They see nothing like it in any bathroom stall
My name is Peter Townsend and I show play a beach and fall
Okay now and you'll get a CD bonus track of
Feet singing that hella-ready classic I am
Will Mesa or Mastercard accepted
I've always wanted to call her on the air and just ask her to do me
1240 and WI would do we have two open lines are both indeed
Now I'm just gonna keep pulling cards out of that one rack that's been kind of ignored since it's way in the back and just keep
Then put it by the end of the show will have like 20 or 30 of men a row and just do like a you know a thing
Here's Boka hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
Here's Jay Randolph doing Panther hockey
There's a shot up the right side
At least we know what side it was on anyway
Now I'm serious this Chris Moore is such an embarrassment and I can't believe that I mean between the people in the print media who supposedly
Write about broadcast sports and anybody else maybe just people have never heard anybody good to hockey on a radio but this guy is a joke
I mean at least give us some names even if you're wrong make him up but give us somebody's name
He's out in the front in the corner
Exactly
Who right
Anyway I got a shared experience I had Friday morning still compelling over it
I was a guest on a radio talk show in the West Palm market
And about 15 minutes into the show the studio door opens and in he walks and sits down right next to me
And I'm thinking to myself this is the ultimate it doesn't get that him right
I am that him right
Jay
I know it how did I know
Wow
And I'll tell you something you know I mean you're up on the air but he was very friendly and nice and funny
Was he
Funny
He was off the off the air
What you're up on the air too
And just to look at
He was funny on the air
Yes
Boy they must have they must have slipped you some good stuff
Yeah I was in the spacious studio about 5 by 5
And there was quite an experience I mean I was sitting right across from a radio giant
Uh-huh
Boy I was ready to tell him I was the nearly but I thought better of it
I have my nose up kneels ass
Did he look as old as he did when he was here as he started to arrest now
It's the first time I've ever seen him
So based on your description he looked much younger
Yeah not a day over 60
Right
That's it that's the only one that's all about
Okay congratulations here that's something to put in your memory book
Yes my life is complete now
Right congratulations
Have a great year
Open line and a green line 1-800-944-Joy
And 2-1-Dade 751
Jazz McKay for record charges after no from 2-6
I just I can't you know he's okay in his own bizarre way but I just can't get the lay of the land yet
And if some of you asshole callers I might say you they're probably not listening right now anyway
They're probably like down on either hands and knees on the floor sifting seeds
But they're hooking their bong up to their rectum
But I mean if some of those guys would just give some of that crap arrest
Maybe there might be something along the way beside that there would be a little more interesting
Because when he talks about stuff that's more like a general interest
Which I can't think of anything at the moment
But you know then it's pretty interesting
But when they get into that really very narrow thing
The real narrow slit then he kind of loses me
Here's Hi Alia hello
Hi Neil
Hi
A lady
Yeah
I heard you saying you weren't getting any lady calls for a high class class
And I think one of our first two or three calls this morning was a lady from Atlanta
Maybe the first call
And that's been like almost three hours ago
Unbelievable
I just want to tell you I got my husband some tickets to see the Anna-Hring game
Great
And we're going to go, we're excited, got him the official jersey
And his hat and his all set
The official panthers jersey
Right
No, none of those mighty duck jerseys
If I see people buying mighty ducks paraphernalia at that arena on New Year's Day
I'm going to be really parked off
I know
I'm taking names and putting them on the air at that following Monday
That's going to be our first game
Great
You'll love it
Good, yeah we went to see the exhibition game
Uh-huh
Well that was you know that was small potatoes compared to this
Yeah
So we're going to go see that I just want to call you and stay high
Okay well I'll see you there
And can I call somebody a douchebag?
Yes ma'am
Guys in the shop bunch of douchebags
See ya
Bye Neil
Bye
All the day lines open 751
9463
Boy that I'm telling you whatever he put in that cake
Just tore me up
Just killed me
1245 at WIOD and WSUN
It's the weekend magazine featuring the latest news, information, trends and what's happening
This Saturday and Sunday morning right here
WIOD
Oh I just love Joe Wayne Reynolds
Not
Ooooo
Oi
Joe is days I've done
Joe is days I've done
Bill Maasho is his son
The show just ain't no fun
So what does Gary Bruce
Think Joey is gonna do
He tried a smile we can get
And now we're crying out of pain
The ratings they reflected
No way to redirect it
Now I have a crawl away
Say
Joe is got a gun
Joe is got a gun
Neil can't help this one
Ready, old days are done
What is it gonna do
Is ready, old days are through
He tried a smile we can get
And now we're crying out of pain
The ratings they reflected
No way to redirect it
Now I have a crawl away
Say
You guys never let me down you're the best
1249 at WIOD
All the front running phonies all the time
We have an open line it's indeed 751
I'm telling you I don't know what was in that cake I think it was sabotage
It's like my vocal cords are like melting
Like that
Nice going now you fat slob
But thank you so much and happy new year
Here's a mobile in Boka on a date line
Hello
Neil, yes sir
Hi, you doing, this is Neil, right now in Boka
I have a lost word I'm a jet fan and I'm
Speechless
I mean, every year we say it's gonna be another year
But that game just took everything out of me and I don't know if I'll ever
Know what happened to them I watched a lot of that game and they were running through the bills like water through a sieve
I mean they were just they were just tearing off gigantic chunks of real estate
Johnny, they were gonna mall them
What the hell happened there
It's because I think Bruce Crossley is a really bad coach going third and three
They do it outside screen or whatever it was
You know, I don't know you can't blame on Harry Blanchard but you can because he missed a 27-yard chip shot
Yeah, that Steve Christie hit it everybody else was hitting him
Yeah, you know it's to the point that I don't want to see Buffalo and another Super Bowl
But I got a feeling they're gonna do it again
I don't think so
I think we saw preview of the Super Bowl on Saturday
I think that Houston and San Francisco are by far the two best teams in league
Yeah, they're I mean they're up there
I mean I give the cowboys an outside chance in the NFC but I really think San Francisco and Houston's going in and that was a good game
I'll think the giant tab it after the last to the Phoenix Cardinals
But they they've rebounded well
They were pathetic yesterday the giants it was embarrassing
Did you see the Minnesota KC game?
No, oh my god was beyond ugliness
Really?
Beyond ugly
Oh good
Well that's what they wanted they wanted parody they wanted mediocrity and basically that's what they got
They got like a whole bunch of real mediocre marginal teams and the hallelujah
Yeah, I don't know well I'm so I was in the day yesterday
I just don't I know I know I know I didn't think you sound depressed you sound psychotic
We were in a in a bar and all the ship fans we trashed the place and then we sat there
Stunned like all of us were about to cry
Yeah
Every year the Buffalo bills do it and they would clean it out of their ass
They'd crunched clinch it against us
Yeah
Bruce Kassler should be fired
I think he's a bad coach I think he made a bad choice on third and third
They were they were passing and they were doing every Johnny Jones was a mark me and they knew he was getting the ball
What any bootleg it or something?
I think it's time to bring back Joe Walton or Louis Holt
Forever up for your mark God damn Bruce Kassler
Okay, bye bye
Good luck to you you'll need it
I see jazz is in the building now he went downstairs to clean up his mess
We have two open lines in day at 751
And let's do a lady in Sarasota a lady no less hello
Hey Neil how are you okay
Listen I'm calling about a couple things I've been on vacation for a couple weeks
And I just kind of taking up bits and pieces of what's going on
Bits and pieces
Just bits and pieces
Whether they've Clark five
Does that mean that Rick and Sus are gone for the afternoon?
Where are you?
I'm in there over on the west coast
You will never hear them again
Oh my God
Unless they play them on tape later in the day like at night or overnight or something
Oh
There you go
Why do you think this boot laughs at her?
There you go that seems to be the general you know consensus of opinion
Huh
Is to get rid of the laceter and keep her can suds on under penalty of death
Yeah, because laughs at her stuff
Well they want to keep Bob on because he's so much fun
You got it baby
Yeah
All right the other reason I'm calling is because I was on vacation last week
And I happened to be able to catch a couple episodes of Gotti Lied
Right
Did you say it?
Sure
All right if I have to see Josh sing deck the halls one more time
Oh
Send it
You know when he was the best when he was wandering around aimlessly in Italy
And we didn't have to see him for about two years that's when he was the best
So that can't stand him
And now he's back with his old mother-in-law
He's like a bull in a china shop
He's just always like stepping on people and he's like too loud and he's obnoxious and overbearing
And he doesn't fit in with any of the other characters on his show now
Yeah
Get rid of him
And all this stuff is going on and I can't watch it and then the one week I'm home
And everyone's just exchanging gifts and yachty yachty
It was terrible
I think what they need to do is re-analyze their whole lineup speaking of talking about lineups
I think we need to bring the even if we have to dry out the old Billy Lewis
I mean get him back on there
Yeah
This Billy is he's like a bump on a log this guy
Well and I hate the new Mendy
I mean the best Mendy was the first Mendy
Yeah but that's a long time ago
Yeah a real long time ago
But anyway is this...
I mean you want to bring back Rita Bauer next
Yeah
Is this Angie or what's her name it's with Josh?
I have no idea she's the mystery bitch
I have no idea who she is
Who was the one that shot Roger?
I don't know
I think she is
She might be
But we don't know who she is
All we know is she showed up she had a half a million in cash
And then she was digging about a half inch under the ground
Which like any normal person would do
She just you know a posky little dirt on top of it
And little Billy was out there playing in the ground
And just happened to come across a half a million in cash
Which he's got stirred away now
So we can give the pizza delivery guy a hundred dollar bills
And you know...
Find all this presents from a shell
And Vanessa's saying like oh were you get so much money Billy
Well I believe in saving up my allowance
I'm real thrifty you know that's why I got 500 grand
Buried under the dirt somewhere
Right
Well when you're a Lewis I guess it's easy you know
Exactly, exactly
Well I think that this Angie person is the one that shot Roger
Well we got 8,000 suspects
Now today did you see it on Thursday?
Uh...
What happened?
Thursday right at the very end
Poor Holly who's like just absolutely...
She just can't handle it anymore
Holly is a nervous wreck a basket case
She scared of her own shadow
Yeah
She walks into the house
And their standing in the dark
Is Roger
Is Roger
He's got the Christmas tree trimmed
He's got to know it
Now of course this is having been shot
He's got his arm in a homemade sling
He's got blood and schmutz all over himself
He's eating like the Christmas cookies and little milk to stay alive
And Mary Christmas Holly he says
And he's got like a thing under the tree with a...
Justing
And he was eating all that food that she had catered over right?
Evidently yeah
But anyway
So he's standing there and then the show goes to black
And now we find out today what the story is
Yeah
Well who knows
But I can't believe he hasn't needed medical attention yet
Of course not
I mean if a guy can fall over the edge of a cliff
And fall 10,000 feet and still come back without a scratch on him
I mean what's a little bullet going to do to him?
Well you know they really probably should just write Holly out of the shell
I mean there's no one left for her to sleep with
I mean there's no man that she hasn't been with on the show
No man
Well that's true
Now maybe Holly and Eve you know what's that love hate thing
The lesbian thing is very big today
Maybe that'll be next on the show
That would be an interesting twist
Right
All right
All right well I just had to catch up and I
Well today is a must day you can't miss it today
All right well listen if anybody's opinion counts or if anybody's listening
Something's got to be done about this rick and suds and Bob Laster thing
Yeah
Hold your breath
All right
Good luck
See ya
Okay we've had a whole bunch of calls about that and of course the overwhelming majority
See I but of course there is a reason for that
And I think basically the reason being that most of the people who listen to Laster
Are not people who listen to this show or reconcudse
And he's got a different audience
And when he goes on and starts doing the afternoon next week
It's going to be a real different audience
It's going to be the old underlying the old part
FLA audience
Because like one of the previous callers today said
He doesn't fit in in the least bit with what we do
It's just it's not his stick he's not a funny guy
He's not a stickmeister
He's just a Bob
Yeah
Boring
Old style
Terminal
Pandering to all the old chronics and the old and I'm sure he's salivating foaming at the mouth
And I mean they just paved the way for him
Okay Lionel's gone we'll put on this morning guy this out garden who's 500 years old
We'll put on what's his name in the morning who's 600 years old
And that's it so they've already abdicated the throne
I have no idea what the story is but FLA has thrown in the towel
They're going for Jerry Etrich City
So he's got he's got a clean road in the afternoon
And thank God none of the rest of us have to follow him
Here's a lady in Pepper Pines
Hi, first time caller
Great
How to tell you a greatest hockey fan that ever was
I'm a Panther fan all the way
Beautiful
I want to thank you for turning me on to sports connection
Lord a lot of stuff up there
It's like the one that walks around with the 22 Levin shirt
If you see me at the games
Right
What happened weren't you supposed to go to the game yesterday?
I was supposed to go out of the game
But then I got about all the way to Palm Beach on a turnpike and I looked at my tickets and it said the game started 735
I thought it was a six o'clock game and as soon as I saw that I made a beeline for the exit and I turned around and went home watched it on TV
Oh, I wouldn't have gotten home. They'll two o'clock in the morning. I know great game though
Aren't they doing great? They're doing fabulous and the visa is God and and I see the beautiful Jodie Hollis starting to score some goals
Right in Scroo-Lin and we're really doing it
And you know I know you get annoyed at people calling up an asking about 500 and what's up based off and what's icy
But you know the thing that gets me is that they're interested
They want to learn
That's good
As far as more in the hand and more I get it
I get it
They don't know hockey but need to do some of your sports right into down here
I remember the first game when they mixed up this Patrick and Fitzgerald
Right
But we're learning and that's the great thing is that people want to know about hockey
You know I was a ranger fan for 40 years and to me the greatest thing that happened was last Wednesday night
Right
I thought that was a fabulous thing
There was a beautiful thing
And you know people are saying that well now we're getting into the second half of the season
Other teams are going to come alive
But you know I found this out and I want your opinion Neil
I find that the campus play the same kind of game as the team that play
Right exactly
Well listen I'll tell you after the news have a great new year and we'll get into it
South Florida's News Talk and Entertainment Station News Talk Radio 610 WIOD
Miami Fort Lauderdale
When I was at home Michael had lost his friends and lost a little boy just being a night at the house
And they were staying in his room
News Talk Radio 610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show
To talk with Neil dial 751 WIOD from date in Broward 524 WIOD
Outside the 305 area code toll free 1 800 944 WIOD
And Bell South mobility customers make it a free call by dialect star IOD
Now the Neil Rogers Show on News Talk Radio 610 WIOD
It's the one to two hour
It's the most talked about video the year Roblo direct stars and performs in
No, no, no
The critics are raving
Jesus will says it blows Roger Ebert says it sucks Mary Hart says it was hard to swallow
Roman Polanski says what's the big deal mine was 13
Hugh Efter says this one's loaded with entertainment
Jean Salon says this one fires no blank
No, no Roblo filmed in sensual round in spread of vision
No, no Roblo is coming in your living room with a spasmodic release of his directorial debut
No, no, no
Rating PG 13 it's mid to 16
106 at WID C jazz is in a building now man
So I hope that somebody told Robert he's got to clean up after that show every day this week
You got to go downstairs with your little pale and the burlopad and scrub the place down after it gets out of here
Everything will be alright here's Boka hello
Hello, yes sir, Neil I got a report for you. What holiday pick report?
Okay listen to this this guy follows me and in the rain I spin my car around
Yeah right around a median so that I could make a U-turn
He tries to do the same thing crashes right into a tree
Oh, then pull me over and writes me a ticket for failure to control my vehicle
Beauty isn't that a classic yeah unbelievable just like you unbelievable
It is thanks nice going pal have a holiday and the same to you open line at day 751 and one on the starline
I think that stuff is starting to erode from my throat now
That was on it whatever that lose filled cake was that El Goldstein said it he's a sick guy. He really is a sick mother
Here's a poppin. Oh hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey long time listener first time after
Okay, yeah, I've been on hold down here on that pomp in the park. I was wondering if fat rich had any hot tips so I can scratch him off the program probably he'll give you one in every race
Great good to hear what I just want to wish you probably planning on having another tremendous night tonight fat rich
Tremendous night. Oh, he's not going he's going. Oh, okay
No, I know he's not going to have a tremendous night is because I'm going and he can't make up any stories because I'll know what's going on
Good move. Yeah, just want to call wish you happy new year and I wanted to find out how that lady got her got her to get her to buy her husband's tickets for a Panther game
My wife made me turn it off last night. She couldn't understand it. She made you turn the game off? Well, I watched it but she couldn't understand it.
She's bitch. Well, no, she's a nice bitch. No, I'm not she's bitch. I have kind of but she couldn't understand her. I'm not sure didn't know what the hell was going on. How she supposed to want on the TV. Yeah, he's alright.
He's okay. Yeah, okay. Neil, I just wanted to wish you happy and the same thing. Yeah, see you get out of here already. You're killing me.
We have an open line at day 751 and one and powered 524. What are we doing? Three breaks this hour? Okay. I'm glad you straighten that out.
Here's a Bradenton. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Great. I called because I disagree with that guy who said you're only going to pick up about 10% of Ron Ron's crowd. Yeah. I listen to us. You went up here and I think
Hey, at the least man, they're going to run your promos and some of your promos up here are hilarious. Right. And whenever I was working in college doing construction work, man, they put on Ron Ron the morning. We went to different construction sites and just all day long. They'd be playing it, man.
Beautiful. And college and college. They played it all day. We'll be doing at least a 10 share by this time next year. I really think you're in the car because Ron Ron whenever before they left, the blobster read their numbers and they had like a 16 right. They were just doing incredible just by us.
Moses just from the slop over will be doing a 10 share. Exactly. I think your numbers will definitely double man. At least poor Andy has to follow the blob. Hey, man, you know what though? You can. What do you mean she went? What do you mean she's got to follow the blob?
Well, you'll be on for two hours, which will be good, but you know, she's going to have to blow up drop off. You know what I'm saying? Because I'm telling you how do people going to drop off when they hear a blob? He said, damn boring.
But I think Randy will probably be doing afternoons over here. Maybe. Oh, so you don't think that I think Randy will be history over there. Oh, that'll be a she. I think the way it's going to iron out is that I'm going to be the only one left of the IOD triumvirate over there and at Rick and Suds will be history over there and that Randy will be history.
I wonder what they're going to do at night, man. I hope they don't do jazz because you know he's all right. I listen to him on the weekend. Yeah, but there's a lot of biker bars over there. Yeah, him and him and blob are about equally entertaining. You know, they're just in a different way. Blobs not so much of a homophobic. You know, he's a little more of a minded and that stuff about being in jail and get not have enough might of bi beer and all that. That gets old. Yeah, let anybody out there got a cart in the cigarettes and a six back because jazz has got a long show to do today. And you know, he's such a homophobic. I wonder what happened to him when he went to the
business in jail. Evidently, he must have had some slippery soap a few times. Yeah, it's done some real hard time. Yeah. Hey, but you know what? One more thing. Yeah, I think you could manipulate. You know, the numbers you pull from Ron's crop, Ron's crop because they're kind of homophobic, too. You know, that fuzz guy. Everybody can tell that's a character. Yes. So maybe are you playing on like revamping your show a little bit before Monday? Yeah, I'm going to be straight on Monday. Yeah. No, but I'm just saying like playing a loose from a gal music and the soap talk. I mean, I love your show just a little bit.
But in other words, you think I'm going to change my show for Ron and Ron. No, no, no, give me a break. No, I know how you are. I know you would get serious. Man, if they don't like what I'm doing, they can suck my fat fanny. That's it. I'm telling you, I do love your show just the way it is. Okay. I'm just saying, you know, and when he starts screwing around with Luis Miguel, that's where I draw the line. Okay. Trust me right just above his knee is where I draw the line. You know what I'd love to hear, man? Yeah. Is that I've never heard that young Neil and I've heard so much. Oh, Jesus. God. Joseph.
Joseph and Mary. I'm a demanding mother and I. Yeah. Yeah. You're what are you're going to be one of this Ron and Ron crowd? Well, hey, it's better than the blob. You're right. You got a point. You know, okay. I got it. It's in the machine. Thank you. See you. See you. No, back to the Neil Rogers program on well 40 WGBA. Here again, America's youngest talk show host, six year old Neil Rogers. Okay. I guess for Don't Mail.
And there's four minutes left in the hour. Let's take some calls. All in. Hello. Neil, how's it going? Great. That's good. Listen, I can't film my subscription to the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle. The good old DNC. What an abortion that paper is. Then I asked how many other people did likewise. And they said not on my business. Yeah, well, they're real nice over there. Okay.
Well, I just thought I'd let you know. You're a fine American. Have a nice life. Hello. Hello. I want to speak to Neil. You got him. Am I on? Yeah. Neil. Yeah. Neil, you're a stinky pink old glue sniffing bedwaters at a pansy. They call this day so far. Did he say pansy? Let's see. Get off. What a mong bring.
I run my bike 30 miles every Saturday to the show. And this guy calls me named shame on you. Shame on you. By the way, have you seen some of those bag boys at the new AMP?
No, what are you cackling about? Hey, this is my gun. A million producers in the world. And they fixed me in here with an egg.
Oh, my God. I'm a castle. Hello. Oh, you're supposed to be such a nice boy. And now you're so terrible. Yeah, but you can't shut it off. You can't shut it off. I don't need this.
I've offers from other stations. Butavia, Elmira, Fredonia. But instead I stay here and entertain you grotesque sub-human dutabag unbelievable to me. But hello. Hello, is this Neil Rogers? What kind of phone are you on, sir? How fat again? Do you have a dial phone or what?
No, I had to put it to the operator. Let's. Let's not get into that. Hey, I was listening to Joey Reynolds on WKBW last night. Somebody asked you. Did you hear what he's been saying about you? No, I don't listen anymore. He's a daughtering old man. He claims he's only 40. Yeah, right. And do we be true in two?
Oh, you shut up. And you're pathetic. And if you think he's bad now, we're totally hot. Okay, when we come back, maybe the egg will come out of his shell. But I hope not.
Yeah, once we go on, SUN, after you run and run start next Monday, where we range in the whole show. We're going to start talking a lot about lesbians and we'll talk about the hot chicks with gigantic hooters and we'll do the old WIOD Posse facts and the stuff like that.
Everybody line up in the hall, take squatters rights. It's 115 at WIOD and WSUN. And after Randy Rhodes, it's Don and Mike.
He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy.
And the way.
So guess who jazz is having on the show this afternoon, the amazing peddler of crap, Ron Popeel, a man who has made millions off these stupidity and gullibility off the American public.
Speaking of that, guess what I just found in Iraq?
With the amazing, but not forgotten, Mitch Lewis.
That damn faggot, I can't stand him.
Here's Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, I was curious. Yes, sir. You said such was a holdout? Is that because he didn't want to do morning?
That's the rumor. That's the rumor. That's the popular rumor. You didn't want to go up against Ron Ron?
No, I don't think that's it. I don't think he wants to get up at 3.30 in the morning or whatever. I really don't know. I'm just picking up little bits and pieces.
I think they're blowing around and running away. Yeah. I really do. Well, I'm telling you, if the man is that foolish that he's going to play, I mean, this is their future. This is where it's at.
And I don't think he's in a position to be diddling around about not wanting to get up in the morning. That's Asuna. Just look at all the cartoons he can watch all day long now.
I just didn't hope for I didn't want to see a change at all. I didn't have any idea there was going to be a change at all. What do you mean by that? You know, by moving them off from afternoons. I thought they were perfect.
No, but you've got to understand there has to be a change in the morning. There must be a change in the morning. But I didn't think of everything into it with them. Well, it might.
Right. Because they got a great show. Yeah, because they really do. And you know, I think all they deserve is advancement. They can't. I owe these to stand behind them.
I don't know if there's been discussion about maybe they're going to do the morning sure I would be is not not standing behind them. They just sign new contract.
I think that's such as there's actually right. You should be able to stay in afternoons. That's my thing. Well, wait. How much is he paying you to make this call?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
I think the people from FM are going to come over and discover AM now which most of them would never listen to unless you put a gun to their head and that's going to be great. It's going to be dynamite. Are they going to be playing rock and roll music too or just the uh they're going to be doing the same thing they always do. And they should go to FM and 107 get the 70 crap off. Exactly. Never happened. Well, good luck tonight with the dolphins. Uh, you guys can't make it. That you know, get to number one. Okay. Good luck with the Rangers. Okay. See. I'll get out of here. Asshole.
We have an open line in the green line 1-800 and all three in uh, Broward still remain very silent, which is typical. What did the guy want to hear you want to hear a little dick, pertin? How about from last? How come we don't have this year's? Where's my good friend, Kathy Livingston? It was going to get me this year's best of dick. I've got the one from two years ago. I got to one from last year, but I don't have the one from this year. Now is this the one? Is this like all one piece or did I play this the other day? I know bag man. You are upset. No, I played that the other day.
Play it from the other one. Okay. Let's do a candle. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Good. Um, one time listener always on the road finally got a vacation. Great. Outstanding. First of all, pizza loss is the best. I went there last night for the first time. Another set of call. Yep. And the cows only pizza out of the world. But I got a little story for you. Jose Canciccle was there with about a 16 year old girl all over her. Yeah, right.
Oh, yeah. I believe you. Sitting right in the back and everybody. She was sitting on his back. Yeah. And little kids coming up to get autographs and canciccle act like a complete jerk. How come I didn't hear about this? How
come ponytail didn't call do if this is really a true story? How come we haven't had a report about this? Oh, it's a true story. Yeah. I went after my second thing was. No, but seriously, wouldn't you think with all the
stuff that I've done to help this man build a $600,000 house if he's got a hot shot like Jose Canciccle in there, wouldn't you think that it would
the mirror to call on here today to tell us about it? Oh, absolutely. Around 7 o'clock last night. Ungrateful bastard. Go ahead, sir. Seriously.
Second of all, um, Cowboys slim chance. Neil, I like you, but I got to disagree with you. What do you mean? You were talking to me. If you like me or don't
like me, that's mean we have to suck around and agree on everything. No, seriously, that's the problem. They're going to Super Bowl. Well, it's possible. They're going to
Super Bowl. The dolphins got lucky. I mean, it's about the dolphins. Okay, the dolphins are not a Super Bowl team. Okay, I'm willing to
can see that I hope we win tonight, but I just we're not a Super Bowl team. We're not ready for prime time. And last of all, um, I went to the
curfews for juvenile. Well, they were had a metal detector there and they only took away about 20 guns and arrested about 22
juveniles yesterday. So I think Miami has to do something about that. What does that mean? Well, so what is so what is
having a curfew going to do about that to solve that problem? Well, basically it's going to keep these kids don't have the
intellect that you and I have and they might kill some young, you know, innocent people and old people and Rob and they might
They might kill some old people. Oh, yeah, I hope they do. Okay, that meal keeps up the good work and I'm glad I'm on vacation so I can
Listen to you more and more. Have a great one. Alright, see you.
Hey, poem. 20 ladies of heart. It's almost Mayday time to haul out my hog because I'll win
Under long I've been sitting like a bump on a log. I want the thrill of vibrating thunder underneath even though I need
Dead O'Flaus to get the bugs off my teeth. Once I'm on my chopper, the world is my oyster until I cruise Edward Hines Drive
And end up covered with moisture. Another puddle to drive through another puddle to hit. My old ladies t-shirt is soaked and so are her jeans.
Alright, man. But we can't ride around. There are bills to be paid. So I drop her off at work and then go lie in the shade.
She's got a good job and she's good at it too and the guy is at the bar where she dances seem to like her tattoo.
We're sort of a team. She works at 12 hours shift. But when she needs a ride to work, I sometimes give her a lift.
Do I mind all those slabs drooling watching my honey just when Enkho's tips her in Canadian money?
He's her biggest fan and he's willing to pay and she puts up with his stupid. How's he going?
But while he sits there staring up at her hooters,
it would tick him off to know those tips by gas for my scooter.
He has lusting his eyes and his heart is still hurt because she thinks he needs a haircut.
And so does my good friend, Mr. Perfect.
I'm going to be ladies.
Okay, they'll be all the bikers in the right mood for a janssen's afternoon. 127 at WIOD. Let's go to St. Petersburg.
Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
Mind if I play Shylock home? Go ahead.
Well, you want to be a private dick?
Yes, exactly. Go ahead.
Well, I'm thinking about this little mess you had in the magic room this morning.
And I was thinking to myself, now, who has been known to leave biohazard in the past?
What WIOD radio personnel?
Yeah.
Broward? That one.
So I'm thinking maybe she did it.
No. No, she didn't sneak back.
She wasn't here this weekend. She didn't work all weekend.
Sure, she didn't sneak back in.
No, not likely.
Okay, also have a...
In addition to which, unless Randy is all of a sudden taken to a,
unless he's regressed to her truck driving days, this was in the men's room.
Oh, well, I'm not going to touch that.
Yeah, I don't think anybody else would either if you saw it.
Okay. Also, I got an out-goal steam fire report.
Yeah?
Yeah, he's been on IMAZ a couple of times the last month.
And the last time he was on, he had a lot of real nasty racial comments.
Really?
Yeah, and IMAZ was actually trying to tone him down, and he just kept on going.
It tests a lot of people off.
Surprise you haven't heard that tape.
No. Well, I don't know how anybody else would hear it,
because IMAZ isn't even showing up over there, which I find very hard to understand.
I mean, this last trend, the WQAAM didn't even take the meter.
They showed nothing zero.
I remember hearing you say that.
I'm really surprised, too, because not that it's show is great.
It's good, but, you know, if you compare it to blob and some of the other stuff
on the morning, it's great.
I just don't think anybody knows about it.
Yeah, that's very possible.
Because there's nothing else on that station.
Yeah.
You know, I mean, they play the bucks on that station.
That'll let you, uh, with their commitment as to real radio.
Mm-hmm. And Don and Mike, which says it all.
Okay, listen, have a great day.
See you.
Bye-bye.
Open line a day to enbroured one on the green line, 129 at WIOD and WSUN.
Dad?
Hey, how are you?
Great. Merry Christmas.
See you, too, man.
What's going on?
I'm just a challenge cookies for the holiday.
Yeah.
Hey, it is the season.
To be jolly.
Hey, that's what's going on over there, man.
I'm wishing you a buttload of holiday cheer.
Rick and SUDs, weekdays from 2-6 on News Talk Radio 610 WIOD.
Your book?
Business is booming.
Month after month, Wallace, South Florida's discount automaw
has been shattering sales records and neat sales people immediately.
Whether you have previous automotive sales experience or not,
Wallace Ford, Subaru Nissan, Dodge, and Suzuki is looking for responsible,
motivated people who want to see their career begin to soar.
Sell from a huge inventory of today's hottest selling cars, trucks, and vans.
Wallace provides aggressive advertising and promotional support.
The best automotive finance source is available.
Ideal working conditions, excellent pay plan and benefits,
a 401k retirement plan, paid vacation, and lots more.
Are you looking for a future in management?
Nearly all of the Wallace management team has been promoted from the sales floor.
So if you're looking for the very best sales opportunity available,
stop by and ask for the sales manager at any of the Wallace showrooms today.
Wallace Ford, Subaru Nissan Dodge, Suzuki,
South Florida's discount automaw, i95, and Linton Boulevard Del Rey Beach.
JC Penney would like to bring a delicate issue to your attention.
It's their semi-annual laundry sale,
but you could find 25 to 33% off the regular prices
on an elegant collection of bras.
Prey, stay wear and more,
named like Adana, underscore and valley,
so hurry into JC Penney by January 8th for a sale that comes with all the frills.
JC Penney to win it one!
Coming up tonight at 8th, following sports stock 610,
it's Randy Rose.
New stock radio 610!
Robert!
Come on you all, you D!
You're not going to get a goldberg, you're not going to get a goldberg.
Oh!
Oh!
Stressed all the reeds,
and then going around,
a certain movie star,
doing something weird.
The trouble couldn't get in the buy itself,
we should have kept the habit to ourselves.
A rich young girl,
and rogan to meet,
please stay away from my picker kit.
When you look like you still, there's no need to suffer.
Just head down to the pet shop for another, another lover.
Come on and do the rich young girl.
Richa Kea!
Richa Kea!
Richa Kea!
Richa Kea!
Richa Kea!
Everyone knows the American job alone.
Everyone knows the American job alone.
Hello!
How is it possible to be such a consistent asshole as Rick Alpo?
No, seriously, I just wonder how it's one thing to be that much of an asshole,
but to be consistent and to keep it up month after month, year after year,
to be such consistently devious and allire.
There has never been any such discussion,
there has never been any such meaning,
and maybe or maybe not, I'll do it, but for him to lie to you and tell you that we all agree
to this and that there's been such a discussion,
and that memos went out about packages,
and all this man is full of crap!
No, don't have him come see me.
You deal with him. I don't want to see him.
Devious, lying mother scratcher.
I mean, I just can't believe these sales holes we got here.
Oh yeah, in order to make it a little easier for us,
let's just be as the talent.
We'll just go ahead and do this, and we'll do that.
Since when?
There was no such discussion here.
Oh, by the way, this is a great video and song.
Crying?
My hero Smith?
Why don't we just play the thing on the air?
Can we, is there a way for us to do that?
I can turn it away up, but I would want to do that,
because that would kill some valuable time.
I'm just smoking about that Rick Alpo thing,
and then he's in there this morning.
You know, see that goes back to this whole Christmas party concept.
There are people in this building needless to say,
because there's over 100 people are working here.
We got three radio stations.
There are people who dislike each other intensely,
intensely.
And when I see some of these people who dislike each other intensely,
and are always just at every opportunity stabbing each other in the back,
when I see them to their face hugging and kissing,
and all this other crap like I saw in Cheryl's office this morning,
it makes me want to get down on my hands and knees,
and all over the goddamn floor, okay?
We got more two-faced farts in this place, man,
than you've ever seen in your life.
That's why, like I've always said, come in, do the job,
give everybody a happy face, walk out the door,
get your ass out at two o'clock exactly, and that's it.
I have never seen such phony shenanigans and phony curings on,
and phony of feelings, and phony of fections, and phony crap.
But anyway, have a nice holiday.
Here's Hiley on the Starline. Hello.
I have a Marvin and Natto's fire report.
Yes, sir.
They sounded very safe.
Very fake?
Faye.
Faye.
I mean, it sounded like...
What do you say?
It sounded like, through my ghouls and Richard Simmons.
I don't understand how.
I don't think they're quite as macho as they pretend to be.
I disagree on that.
Wow.
Especially Marvin.
Marvin's one of the most homophobic, how do you say it?
Homophobic people I've ever met in my life.
Well, you know what they say.
Yeah, that closet door may just be creaking up.
Well, they do live together.
And when you get guys who are approaching 30 years of age
who have roommates, you always start wondering about that.
And like some guy called into something
about seeing Marvin the other night,
and Marvin jumped for that button.
Really?
Because the guy was like,
Marvin, remember me?
And Marvin was like,
Oh, dump him, dump him.
Yeah.
I doubt it, seriously.
Oh, plus they had all their relatives call.
Uh-huh.
Grandma.
So you enjoyed the show, huh?
Well, I was drunk.
I don't...
Oh, okay.
Well, you got to be drunk to enjoy the shows on the station.
I don't get into that thing when we have people
on here who are talking to their relatives all the time.
That upsets me a great deal.
Randy does a little bit too much of that.
Not as much as he used to,
but boy, that's annoying.
And it's like, uh,
it's an inside-head party
and nobody knows what's going on.
Not entertaining.
Anyway, if we're gonna say it's good morning,
guaranteed those cheap,
cock people will put on him.
I got him the answer.
There is no chance.
It's a free show.
It's a long time.
Sir, let me say it to you again.
There is no chance that in a major day part,
one of the drive times
that they're gonna put that show on,
believe me, even as stupid and cheap as these people are,
there is less than no chance
that Don and Michael be on in a major day part.
Free.
Go to, sir.
Go to the bank on it, okay?
Okay.
Trust me.
See ya.
Open line on the starline,
Sturrayo D and two in the Broward, 524.
That Rick Alpo, man,
I'm gonna tell you something.
This guy is so devious and so dangerous
and so full of crap
and just make stuff up as he goes along.
And I guess that's if you're a salesperson
in this business at any rate,
you just make it up and you assume like,
oh, didn't we discuss that?
I thought it was all set.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, it's my Alzheimer's acting up again, Rick.
I guess I just forgot about that meeting
and discussion we had about that
and about that memo I allegedly got
that nobody else got either.
We just all forgot about it.
Here is Kendall.
Hello.
Kendall, see it's us again.
Hello, Neil.
Sir.
Hello.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Neil, how you doing?
Kendall.
Yes.
Hello.
Can you hear me?
Yeah.
All right.
I got, I read Rush Limbaugh's book, the other day.
Oh, how depressing, yeah.
And I would like to just like tell you about it.
Ready?
Rush Limbaugh is just a huckster.
That's all he is.
Yeah.
And is that come as a shock to you?
Well, yeah, it was.
What did you think he was?
A major social reformer?
Well, you know what I thought?
Actually, you turned me on to him.
You said that Rush Limbaugh is like a disson of that.
And I said, book gosh, I got to listen to this guy.
Yeah.
And so I listened to him and I was thinking,
this guy is crazy.
And then I started listening to him.
And then I said, well, maybe I should read, you know, read up on him.
And I have the book right here.
Yeah.
You ready?
Am I ready for what?
You're going to read me the book?
Yeah, I'm going to read you the book.
Yeah.
All right.
Rush Limbaugh, America's number one radio host.
He's nothing but a huckster.
All he did was really was find an act.
He was like trying his best to please his father.
And finally he got a job in radio.
And finally his ratings went up.
And he, uh...
Yeah.
Am I dying?
Yeah.
Badly?
Uh-huh.
You're going to make a card out of it?
Is that bad?
Yeah.
All right.
You done?
Uh...
You done?
No.
Yeah, you're.
We have an open line in day,
751 and 2 and 2 and 2 and 4.
There's a Rush Limbaugh disciple right there.
Diddle, diddle, diddle.
There's one of them right there, a diddle head.
Here's the...
Well, he went out and bought the book.
That's all our ask here is about just a cut loose with the cash
by the book and cut the crap, okay?
Here's Grove City.
Hello.
Hill.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, hey, I'm a big fan.
Uh...
I'm in and out of my vehicle.
I don't get a chance to call you, but again, I'm a big fan.
Got a just a couple things.
Uh...
I think you and Al Bolstein are God.
And can I call someone to do this bad?
No chance.
We have an open line on the green line,
1-800-944-9463.
You're not fooling me, Pat.
You got about as much material as the guy who preceded you.
Only he was at least amusing.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello.
Yeah, I'm Camille.
Yes, sir.
Two questions.
Okay.
And Godfather III since you're the resident expert.
Who's called in the hit on a final scene
where the daughter got the bullet?
Who was?
Who called the hit?
What do you mean who called the hit?
Don't you remember that the old man went and arranged it
with the two hitmen?
Don't you remember the meeting
and the guys doing the donkey thing?
Oh, don't remember that?
Was that the one with the little Italian pastry?
That's right.
Exactly.
With the canolies.
He ate the canolies and left the gun.
That was his problem.
He lied wallack, the worst overacting job in history.
And that's all.
Don't you remember?
I mean, did you watch the movie, sir?
Well, it's been a while.
Don't you remember he went out there
and he was sitting there
out there in the country
on the farm there
and the old man
and his donkey, a sounding son,
the assassin,
the hitman,
and he set the thing up out there.
Don't you remember that?
No, that's why I'm asking.
How could you not remember that
and you watched the movie?
It's been a while.
And then they dressed up as the priest
and they sneaked in there
and they killed the two twins?
Well, thanks for answering that one.
Now answer this other one.
Yeah.
Actor Pernell Roberts,
who played the oldest son on the...
Good answer, right.
Dead.
Very dead.
When did that happen?
When did he die?
Because he's the doctor,
Trapper Jenner,
that hit series and he's...
A lot of people call to say he wasn't dead.
He's not dead?
I don't know.
Well, that's right.
He is the doctor.
Boy, sure,
how wouldn't have put that face with that name?
You know what?
Pernell Roberts, you're right.
He's on Crapper John.
And I think he's doing a lot of commercials, too.
He's still alive.
They shot him five times and he's still alive.
You're right.
But he's the only one.
Everybody else is dead.
Dead blockers dead.
Haas.
Michael Landon's dead.
Lauren Green is very dead.
In fact, they dug up Lauren Green.
They're making Alpo out of him this month.
They ran a little short.
Well, I got my two answered.
Happy New Year, Tia Sir.
Nice to talk to you, I think.
So Pernell Roberts is the guy on Crapper John,
the guy who plays the old doctor with a white hair.
Well, I'll be damned.
He got old and ugly.
And bald.
And white-haired.
And grizzly.
He looks like grizzly atoms is what he looks like.
God, life is a bitch, isn't it?
In fact, last night they had on...
After the hockey game, I flipped over as its sports channel
or as its sunshine, where they have those
greatest baseball games ever.
Some of those are kind of fun.
And they have those real old...
What do they call those?
Not Cynoscope.
What do they call those?
Cynoscope.
Remember those?
The real old videos of TV shows from like a million years ago.
And that's how the ballgame was.
And Red Barber did part of the game in Mal Allen
to the other part.
And it was the seventh game of the 52 World Series
with the Yankees and the Dodgers.
And you saw guys like Duke Snyder and Peewee Reese
and Mickey Mantle, all those guys.
And I'm thinking, boy, that was like 41 years ago.
And isn't life a bitch?
And you saw how some of those guys were actually human looking.
And now you look at him and like Duke Snyder.
Have you seen him lately?
The...
Oh, man, it looks like walking death.
Kind of like press the Pernell, press the Roberts.
Anyway, let's do a Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
Very New Year.
And back to you.
Yeah, he's still doing stuff.
He was doing some world children thing.
You know, feed the children since 21 bucks a month.
Right.
They had them on TV last night doing that.
But I think you should sick Barber on from like 3 a.m. or from like 3 a.m. to 5 a.m.
You could take a 50,000-watt transmitter and antenna.
And it's brought a bottle of metamuse, when a Lawrence Walk CD.
And you could satisfy all those people at the cemetery village.
Uh-huh.
Perfect for that.
That sound good.
Uh-huh.
And I also heard something else today.
Maybe you could verify the...
You know that money they collected from people, you know,
transferring cars to the state.
I heard they went through the...
To the appeals court and, uh...
And yes, the money is supposedly going back to everyone.
Yeah.
Do you know if that's true or not?
I have no idea.
Uh-huh.
It's like 500 bucks they take to reach cars.
Exactly.
When you come into register to a car from out of state.
Right.
Well, if that's the case, the governor's going to be sure it on pills for a long time now.
Exactly.
And this is no more pro-exact or valium or rupees for the uh... for...
Child.
Damn it.
Okay.
All right.
Well, very New Year.
Have a great one.
So, Pernell Roberts is still alive.
See, you have to waddle through three hours and 44 minutes of crap today,
but we finally learned something useful.
Anyway, it's 144WIOD and WSUN.
H-E-R.
Get's the latest news from the 610WIOD News Center each hour.
Plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast.
WIOD.
Hey, Neil.
Fuck you.
And now, language lab.
The show that teaches you a foreign language in less than 60 seconds.
Today's lesson, Greek.
Listen one.
Strawberry pie.
Strawberry pie.
Lesson two.
Apple pie.
Apple pie.
Lesson three.
Pumpkin pie.
Bunky pie.
Customer.
What kind of pie do you have?
Answer.
Apple pie, strawberry and bunky.
Language lab is a public service.
I mean, not be copied or authorized for resale.
Thank you.
148WIOD.
The green lines.
Let's star lines let everything else in date and brow.
Like I said before, if this show ever goes off on S U N,
it's going to be a hostile away go for this kid.
I'll tell you that.
Asta cameo'l Vitas, which is like already, I think.
Because it's just a dead in the water.
But we haven't made up our minds yet.
What we're going to do over here yet.
It's not going to happen next week and we're still working on it.
And we're still diddling around and diddling around and checking a research
and all of this other crap.
And the dolphins will pull us out.
Oh, I'm sorry, dolphins.
He's just about over.
Oh, sorry.
I guess that didn't work.
How is it possible really for there to be so many stupid people in such a small building?
Here's St. Petersburg.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi, it's me, Jerry Soitzfeld.
How are you doing?
Oh, God.
Let's go to a poppin'o beach on a star line.
Hello.
Hey, I don't know.
OK.
Neil, I tried to call it last week, but the lines are all full and all that good stuff.
Yeah, not this week.
No, no, I'm sorry.
I thought I would take it.
You want to see these dating broward lines here.
It's like a real slap in my push just sitting here looking at this.
Well, I'm a living breathing person who lives in broward.
Yeah.
Unfortunately, you know, I don't give a chance to call it off.
All right, I don't want to become a chronic because then you'll dump me.
Yeah, right.
All right.
But anyways, you know, I am in scent.
I am livid about those yet as an alties who screamed and yelled for their money back.
And that play up on Carl's spring.
Yes.
Where did they get the nerve to interrupt just because...
What do you mean where do they get the nerve?
That's the ambiance of this town.
That's the way they behave.
That's the way they interact with everybody they come in contact.
And that's what's wrong with this town.
Didn't they ever hear of something called manners?
No.
They're grandmother.
Absolutely not.
You with me?
No way.
Didn't they, you know, I mean, Jesus Louise.
I mean, it's, you know, there are more new homes being built for families around town.
If you look, then there are high-rise condos being built for the enters.
Am I right?
So if that holds true, aren't they like a dying minority?
No, sir.
I got news for you.
You're very much mistaken.
And every time like ten of them die off, they bring in a new busload with 500 new ones that just came in who run immediately out to the new Cadillac or Lincoln dealership
and buy a big battleship to think wander around in the middle lane back and forth across the white lines on their way to the early bird dinner to screw up traffic for everybody else.
Well, they have pods out there and they have every way to something like that?
They're growing them.
I swear to God.
Yeah.
You know, it's just, it's so just hardening, you know, I mean, to, to, to, you know.
What do you mean it's this hardening?
What the hell is there for living and breathing people that are doing this town?
I'm reading an article of the SunCentral was either Saturday or yesterday about how A1A and the beach is coming back on full-order-day-of-beach.
Yeah.
And about this great thing and isn't it great that they got all those rowdy, spring breakers out of here?
Yeah, was that the rowdy money?
Yeah, right.
Yeah, come on.
Give me a break.
You know, almost the last time you, you saw a place where it'd take a kid.
Say like a, a, a preschooler or a, a grandma school kid if you have one, God forbid.
And take them to have a good time in the evening or something like that.
Or God forbid you take them to an amusement park.
No way, Jose, not here in our lovely, uh...
I mean, you would have had this and even got amusement parks inside the casinos now, like in the MGM grade.
They got their own amusement park that puts Disney World a shame.
Yeah.
But in the meantime, here we're building more and more nursing homes and more ACLFs and more condominiums
because this state is a goddamn outdoor nursing home.
That's what this whole state is.
I've got an outdoor funeral plan.
It's God's-the-waiting room.
Yeah.
And I'm, I guess it is just so disheartening.
You know, maybe if we get a few more days like over the weekend, we're starting to call maybe they'll go somewhere else.
Right.
Come on.
Hold your breath.
Hold my breath?
Yeah.
And that's it.
Look at how many people do you bet.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Everybody in centralized lakes and everybody in cemetery villages, you are flaming kick bags of douche.
Oh!
See ya.
Good luck to us.
Here's, uh, Dear Field Beach.
Hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes.
How are you?
Okay.
I have to suck around and on the phone, too.
Could you please play your Michael Jackson cart?
What do you mean, will I please play my Michael Jackson cart? I already played it.
So, the one for Wayward Boys?
Oh, you mean the bit?
Yeah.
Too late.
Oh.
No time.
Sorry, Neil.
Bye.
See ya.
Calls at the end of the show.
He starts doing requests.
Here's Tampa.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
I want to talk a little college football with you.
Let's go to Sarasota.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Uh, question.
Why do you always call in Sarasota, Sarasota?
There are young people around here.
Why do I call them one?
Aren't you always call in Sarasota, Sarasota?
That's the city, yeah.
I know.
I worked there for you.
It's a sorry place.
There are.
The average demographic.
There are some.
There are a few.
They're a handful.
But I think if you want to be honest, you'd admit to me that the median demographic there is 20 years past death.
Oh, it's old.
I mean, but there is a young person.
It's ancient, sir.
It's ancient.
It's not as bad as all that.
Okay, it's great.
And how about those Buccaneers?
Yeah.
Another one.
Five in the column, man.
They're doing it.
Hey, they were looking better.
They're defensive somewhere.
They're beautiful.
All right.
Thank you.
See ya.
Yeah, I know.
Yes, sir.
Well, it's good Michael still sleeping when you left him this morning.
Cute.
Oh, beautiful.
That's cute.
Was Drew Michael still sleeping when I left him this morning?
Sir, I have never seen a creature in quite frankly if I laid eyes out of my probably puke all over myself.
Beautiful.
What is that?
Is that like a real call?
Look at that board.
Is that beautiful or what?
Yeah.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I was just calling you about two seconds.
I want to talk to college football with you.
You hung up on me.
And I'll hang up on you again.
Well, don't talk college football.
Call up D-Full.
Call up somebody who cares about college football.
I don't give a flying crap about college football.
I don't care how many bowl games they play.
I don't care how many zillion college teams come flying out of the woodwork.
Teams that finish like seven and six, six and five.
Teams that couldn't get arrested in a panty rate.
I don't give a flying crap about college football.
Let's have a playoff, right?
Let's, you know, who was it that made the comment,
which I think was the only intelligent comment he ever made
but I can't remember who it was.
So it kind of diminishes the importance.
But it was right to the point.
Why make college sports any more important?
Why land any more credibility to it than we've already got?
Which I think is right on target in terms of having a playoff game.
Who gives a flying crap?
Who's number one?
When college sports.
Have you really watched college football and seen how amateur hours
Where it is?
Go watch an NFL game and then watch college football.
It is so amateurish, man.
It's like it's like watching.
It's a step away from sandlot ball.
Who the hell wants to watch it?
Go watch a team like West Virginia with those neat uniforms they got
with those black stockings up to their knees.
Looks like they're getting ready to do a drag show on South Beach.
Who gives a flying crap about any of that?
We got this whole element of America out there that that's the level.
That's the greatest level that they can't seem to transcend
is the college football pool mentality.
We're number one.
We may have a real small, a very tiny penis, but we're number one.
That's what it is, Manson Egotrum.
How to understand it?
Jazz McKay for Rick and Suds right after the news.
