in fact your friend Richard be there he has every now and then
he had one day last week he had a seriously had a woman on there
that had breast the size of watermelons i'm not exaggerating i have
she could barely stand up forget about walks you could barely in fact her
it like she looked like you a little bit only in different places
well thank you so much share a lot i want to tell you do you know how
that's how i get to meet you
share a lot is not only jewish
but she happens to run this entire radio station nobody knows that yet but
without sure we couldn't function here
okay seriously that's the gotten she looks absolutely ravishing by the way
she's a lovely she does and oh he left refills open on here so i can write
in like twenty five at a boy Joshua that's my pill boy it's my buddy so anyway
it this is the best this is so good this pizza chef man it's just like
spastic and alcourse arrived just only moments before the food came out i
followed the truck yeah i believe it you probably follow trucks all over town
so he brought in nine muffins what are you doing about this are you gonna do
something about this there actually are people out there who like you i
mean i'm not a dog you know it's a car line at this a place there and i
really i can't do it here you need no you don't need a diet you need a
shrink is what you need your you have mental illness man oh yeah man with your
fame and money should not suffer from i mean how are you as a problem you know
he look look what a how he turned out my fingernails are not as long as his
no but no i need a lock up
are you know i want to get that the church said to you i'm going to get
thinner because i'm running in pomp and no for office so i'm back in
politics you're back on that yeah it's fun why not like a lot of free meals
that way you get free me why'd you just come to work here on the weekend do
like a pornographic talk show and i mean in fact here and you get fed free all
weekend that is appeal no seriously since i saw you on time snider is only maybe
two three weeks ago on that there was that that was taped right now was
a lot it was lying well that's right because you were taking call yeah i was
in there was that one bitch that was very offended by a she was upset because
time had you on the show just turn it off she was just upset that thank you
sure she was just hysterical that um he had you on it's that because he was
such a he's got this goody two shoes image you know with that phony and he's a
phony that's what bothers me about top with it all get out of here i remember
years ago he had on his old show he had Madeline Marie oh here's a
renegade son the one that found god all of a sudden he had that son on the
ear and he says to him after this uh... conversation about this and the old
the bag and he says well welcome back you know you found the lord and everybody
that knows times there tells me is a flaming eighthiest just like i am all the
rest of your go is a phony see i don't go for that he's wrong
it's one thing for it to do show business but another thing to come out like
that it's that it would be like you coming on and saying you knew a straight
priest
yeah yeah i have a straight priest yeah right exactly i believe that
okay let me i choose we got to keep doing breaks here which is good it's food
breaks because in order to main just to maintain that weight can you imagine
no seriously i want everybody to stop and imagine how much food somebody has to eat
to maintain the kind of weight that this man is building and expand on it
because you are expanding rapidly but twelve thousand calories just to maintain
right and so there's like about twenty thousand there so by the time you get to the
ballpark now how many seats did you have to buy huh how many how many rows did you
have to buy to sit your fat ass down there at your lobby stadium they're going to have to
drop this man down in a crane this is the only man who will attend the opening day in
a marlin's three drop from a crane so when you see this gigantic thing being lowered
into its seats you'll know it's the famous ale and be dropping free screw magazines out for everybody
unbelievable peaches good for the way it is have another piece eleven twenty three on the iod
network if you have to miss any of today's show live from ten to two remember you can join me
for the best of the elegant tonight from six till eight on news talk radio six twenty w s u n
this is news talk radio six twenty w s u n eleven twenty seven you want to repeat the conversation
we just had to break and no let's not no but i know what you're talking about the food of the
stadium i'm talking about the one we just had here about people thinking about love that yeah
haha
oh god this out he's always thinking about eating something this man i'll tell you oh god yeah
so anyway al is going out to jurebby stadium you've never been there before never been there and
and i'll you said they have great hot fudge sundays if if now somebody's going to have to call
george's uh... somebody who because we got a couple of lines are because they're getting uh
pissed off but but seriously somebody will call in and let us know if the marlins are going to have
the same concession stuff that they had for the dolphins uh... for the marlins i would assume so
huh because i think those places by their way in to the stadium no matter what the event is going
on there so anyway they do have carbell stands in there and you can get a hot fudge sunday with
not just a regular hot fudge sunday on chocolate ice cream of course not on vanilla because chocolate
is much richer and much more calories but with cherries and strawberries and like strawberry sauce
on top of the hot fudge and if that is at least five thousand calories well but i need that
so you need that first because that's end your blood sugar it elevates into at least a thousand
and then after that nothing will make any of the point is a seven-tening stretch when i want to do
some exercise i have the main day the caloric intake um in fact that is my exercise i want to have
a tape called seven-tening stretch and that'll be the extent because most exercise takes too much time
and there's too much sweat too much expenditure so if you just do seven-tening exercises i could do
the chop yeah i could handle the chop here you can go from your ear look at the very very good shape
from the elbow forward you're an excellent shape if i bow to the fingertips well i pull my stomach in
let go it's it's it's a wave you would be great in fact let's fire dolphin denny's ass and make
out the new mascot for the dolphins this time i don't need an outfit god almighty you could just
bounce your ass out around i'd feel like uh incredible maybe in fact the heat off
the heat auto sign up you can just bounce your ass all over the court now you do look like a huge
walking ball what was the the shmoo remember the shmooh i love the shwail yeah outcaps the shmooh
you're right you look like a shmooh that's been blown up all the way around you really do a walking
what are you laughing about it's not funny what are we gonna do you started telling us that you're
going in the way i'm going to another quack you going on the rice diet now well yes yes but you
don't know are you going to do they didn't even want to do the basketball and you're going up there
but i'm going to be thin and beautiful and i'm going to be crucible and i'm going to be available
and i'm going to be a big hunk yeah and i'm going to be peter north tomorrow too i'm going to
wake up and i'm going to look at the mirror and surprise i'm going to get a penal implant i'm going
to do everything i had to do like the one that you wanted to do too many shows with mr. ego over there
i think you've been on the cane show too many times i don't do it i don't even talk to them really
yeah what happened he didn't even have the courtesy of calling seeing how i'm doing after the
force to me that's not a friend oh i should have known he was a schmack i mean i got to be
you know you learned the hard way i'll never would speak you are a little slow i really am i'm a
schmack i would have defended him but i'll never again he's a putts let him let him and you know
in nicknobarra woke you know yeah i enjoyed it the hip by the way bestiality all the losers
get joys could have friend hurrah aldoor and i'll say yeah i'm not a schmack another fadde pathetic
so when is screw going to do a thing on jadger hoover and clad toleson that's what i love that's
we did it when he was alive did you anyone can do it now we did it i'm my my first arrest we had
an article that jadger hoover a faggot i got arrested twice where you serious way to go 1969 it's easy
now to do it i did it when he was alive yeah i was unless you only reason the book came out now
it's because he's dead yeah he makes queens look bad doesn't he yeah it's quite a book did you
read the book no but i know you've been carrying on about it you have to read the book
you have yeah i read excerpts on it i read excerpts on it can you imagine all the snacks that you
get eat while you're reading that book it's about a 500 page book can you balance it on the page
and then the expose out 60 minutes on the priests oh that's the best of all yeah that's unbelievable
what about the aids rate for catholic priests i'm told it's about 10 percent
yeah how many rabbis pedophiles very few right be becose they're not celibate
no i don't think that's it i think it's primarily because they have the uh
to fill in and the tallest knowledge stuff gets in a way and they can't they can't uh
yeah now they give up after a while look at the two foe in there you have all that's schmalz
how can you have that sex i think you are um jay alasde especially on Passover
a great stereotype for Jews because Jews traditionally have been much that's why there are so
few Jews in the world because they were never big on reproduction like catholics yeah
because uh or especially like the reandals look at them for crime they're almost all skinny and
they're like a billion of them because they're big on reproduction Jews it was like a mandatory
thing like just keep the family going and have one one of two kids at the most but eating was much
more of a big thing eating is everything i mean it should think when people talk to me about oh
you're the publisher screw you you must go from phlasio to this to that the kind of lingers i say no
no i i go from stuff there but the hot astronomy i mean i never have had a sex fantasy i have
fantasies such as i own the conic deli or i'll tell you one thing after that uh thing you did
the movie with glory a linter that would that would eliminate anybody sex fantasies anyway that
would turn everybody off well that was good i i i i i i i i i functioned in a porn or film how many
guys can say that with a bull dieke like that i don't know last but anyway i didn't say that did i
i didn't know i didn't mean it no it is true though isn't it well bye she's bye okay in other
words she wants that she's got to buy it yeah so you fantasize about food a lot yeah uh like what
well hogging us the hogging us flavors extras get me so excited to take a cold shower have you had
that the the the comel cone crunch peanut butter burst you talk about this kind of north who cares
i'm talking food and that's why you came here the storm did you really eat the nine muffins
i eat three yeah because you have to have some other long lines what was the story with your divorce
because you used to bring that little up patty around here all the time like a dog on a leash yeah
that's what she really a cleaning woman she swear to god she cleaned the partners she wrote me a letter
she's just a gold digger the shecks of color rich fat shoe and figured she'd score yeah and did
you take it to the cleaners good or what she's trying but i have a prenuptial i learned you know
you know if the if the four marriages you learn i mean never marry anybody who has more troubles than
dysfunctional families fall down drunk fathers you know you don't get involved with people
well what was it that attracted you to her she worshiped me i should have known that was an
indicate of insanity yeah needing serious health yeah and a little pig the the picture so what's
her scenario day out it was really nutty which is as close as she was ever going to come with you
with you on the other end yeah well we never had sex i should have known Neil you were right
i should have been sure the best what do you mean you never had sex well we had never
no actually we had it seven times and you were married for for how long to her three years
based on the prenuptial the king of sex folks but that it is that yeah oh no no i'm dysfunctional
i've learned now seven times when they were probably like uh three or four in the first year
it was it was it was three the first year then there was two months before or two year for the
switch to food i mean that's what i think okay now you've been fighting fat your whole life
is there a cure you know there isn't to our dying day we will be obsessed with food
yeah but then i do i look like the shade no you know i'm not as fat as you actually you're a
little caught you know why a little yeah i'm not skinny i'm not i'm not 15 pounds over you don't look
25 pounds if i lost you look though five pounds i'd look sped look like Peter norin yeah
from the your waist up with a bag over my head and the rest of my body
but the seriously if i lost 25 pounds for me i'd be in great shape okay but the thing is when you get
healthy nothing alarms you evidently because i had a little stroke yeah see that was a warning
i so yeah so i had the thing with the gallbladder i had that out i thought i was dying when they
took that out then i had a gallbladder attacking without the gallbladder i had to go back in the hospital
i've been through a crappy a couple of years and i've finally said to yourself you know like i can
eat this now but i'll compensate later in the day i won't have like a big meal where did i
get at night you know shall i know and only on the nights when i go to the track i have something
there i'm trying to cut that way back but other than that on other nights i don't even eat dinner
yeah you see i'm not scared you have to cut out you and i the sweet either i love ice cream
i mean ice cream is what i obsess over yeah well you never got hooked on now what were those
damn things i was eating those uh drumsticks yeah drumsticks did you ever try those with the ice cream
drumsticks yeah oh great i think you went really no drumsticks ice cream drums they just shove
them right in and when you go to the uh the supermarket see when you go to the convenience store it's
no good because you can buy one at a time i used to get them two at a time because between the
convenience store my house was just enough time to eat two in the car with each other yes but if
you go to the supermarket you have to buy them in a box of like a dozen so you can eat 12 and i
would take i would take them home like on a Saturday morning i go to win jixie i'd buy the box of a
and by the end of the weekend they all be gone all of them yeah well that's one of them because
they're different kinds of the ones that have like the caramel cream in a center then there
ones that are like the chocolate on chocolate they're like three different kinds what do you laugh
at them by saying you're getting aroused no i'm not aroused at all you're the one that's getting
aroused you're sweating again you're red in a face and you're sweating again you need to be locked
up somewhere you were right when you said that you need to be locked away i have to be locked up
and they just is it a death wish or no no i wish it's it's it's it's it's it's being a two
is that a being a two i swear that's it food all these kind of overcompensating for the famine
that might come to realize in other words if bush would have got elected again you've
still been in good shape right if they sent us to summer camp well i would outlive you go
have an extra hundred pounds right you would die the 19th day i would die the 400th day yeah
feeding with my fat beautiful why don't we have like a naked picture of algal
to be on the front of the next paragraph i'm telling you you'd sell like a hundred times as many
copies it's probably like buy the whole world up with the money you'd get from that so first
of therapy the paper would have to be larger yeah well just just make it this way instead of that
way just print it horizontal instead of vertical okay let's talk about your favorite binge with food
after we do this break we do have a lot of spots on issue this isn't like time snider on cnvc
where it's like basically public television and pretending to be a real show i mean who they
how watch it cnvc did you have any reason to sponsor that show uh three three three friends
yeah it's eleven thirty eight on the iod network randy roads is here tonight seven to eleven on
news talk radio six twenty ws u n oh look it's great great hi randy hi hey your program was fantastic
oh you don't have to suck up to me too do you i'm here stop it stop it i don't have a chance
in hell of us surviving in tampup surprise they even called us to turn the satellite on tonight
when i went to recall to turn the satellite on i was really uh quite sure you know it gets me man
only to the doctor the other day and this guy in the pyrgon was it a gynecologist no your
knowledge oh you're not okay same shape table yeah anyway this year a pyrgon guy got in front of me
right he pulls right over in front of me no signal so i slow up he goes over the other lane i
get half way down he comes in front of me again so when i don't buy him i give him a finger
this isn't the doctor's office wow yeah that's really something to do
well that's amazing news talk radio six twenty ws u n it's the neo-lager show you can talk to
forty one this is good stuff you know see now i'm just you're fifth-peat suits you know it is not
you know it's like i'm having three slices total okay since i'm not this is the line
show like 30 calories of slice so you're ready to have a thou you're ready to have a thousand
like how do you know how much this is a slice because i memorized there's no pyrroni the cheese
we can tell you the cheese is protein yeah there are a lot of things that are protein that are good for
cheeses so what's new on the porno scene now okay i made my first my first porno film four
weeks ago i don't even think oh god it'll be the outgoals in line of sex films you know how
the boring to say that point i'm not in it wait a minute is that a guy or a girl around a
right on Richard Bay is that a guy or is that is this another dyke show oh see is that a guy
or a girl it's a guy guy huh it's a guido it's one of those new Jersey guido can i ask you a
question i don't want any new yorkers to be offended but i've said it many times before why is it
not only well there are a lot of Jews in New York but why is it that people from New York are so
sexless almost what do you laugh in almost every new yorker that i've met they're cold impersonal
they have like sexes like a like a function there is no emotion no passion they'd be good in
at the church because there's no passion so they can't commit any sins there's this very cold
thing with new yorkers what is that oh yes oh absolutely no for the yorkers like it's so
so sexless so the weather is cold in fact you look on his show Richard Bay any day and once in a
while he brings some yeah she was pretty once in a while he'll have some people look like that
but more often than not see that on the the way forget about her on the stage the the woman
that's on the left the young right there yeah she's typical of what you see they're like new york
valley girls well they all live in jersey if you talk about Manhattan girls a lot of them are hot
i don't agree with you i think the ux city is great i'm not knocking new yorker you're talking about
people from the ux city i didn't say the girls you forget who you're talking to i'm just talking
about new yorkers in general okay very sexless it's like Jews who are sexless which is most well
okay but Jews are looking for the next meal did they test it yeah but all the pets on what
you're into eating now i guess that's where it's at can you have sex if the dinner nobody are you
seriously i'm gonna have a line of point of you're not gonna be doing stuff in the marina
it starts with the hitchcock thing you know the silhouette of hitchcock and they've hitchlied
wide and a full of islands yeah yeah wide angle we had we had we had to have films but it's
hard because you spend twelve thousand dollars for a full-length movie five sex scenes we had to stop
to shoot for two hours because one guy cannot get an erection for two hours is that the one you
will tell me about or yeah it's amazing but the sex film can't be that good there is enough money
to do a set and take scripts on important and you'd rather have a pretty 19 year old girl in a
hands of 25 year old guy then somebody who could speak lines right exactly that's that's the genre
so you just accept it right okay getting back to April her spread what are we gonna do about
this guy and you got his is he pressing his face with a gun yeah how can you be a press agent
for a person really like really you know I got to put him on the air he don't want to talk
yeah but I I had lunch with him I love him because he's nice he's absolutely so defibrillating
but he doesn't need as much as you do he's a lot he's he grabs my food does that I don't want to
it is fighting words no he is nuts the thing with the new post was the most exciting thing I'd
ever seen it would be as if you would take it over this radio there was like it was like he turned
in the air post into screw magazine for two days he would have if he had to had the time yeah
might have increased the circulation well I think that the papers in America should be like the
English papers have these page three women will you see breasts why not why not why can't we see boobs
yeah I think we'll probably double the post circulation yeah I give it a shot you sound like how
it feel now you sound like something out of network no but it's true they'll go for it so for it
you do look center now don't forget I'm looking at you all over the console so I can see you
I don't even know why I'm trying to fill in like around the edges here you're right you have
nothing to do with this is this is just a sham this is just as I'm gonna this is the screw magazine
is just the means by which to break in the dough to buy the food that's exactly that's all it is
right because you don't give it crap you're right you're gonna go back a half an hour
and a quick waste of all this time you don't care about sex don't care about sex at all I don't
I care about good stuff cabbage but you don't care about even good food you in other words
any things as long as it has a lot of taste and preferably the higher the fat content and the
higher the salt content the more you like it it should be tasty and the higher the sugar content
yeah okay secho on food I had some peaking duck tonight to go it was very fatty I mean I'm
really concerned about food I went to just place the pomp on the market is a place upstairs
all right now let me just ask you this press I'm excited that way public wait a minute
public I want to ask you because I know you'll never make it to 60 and I might okay how about
you your wife you have no wife you did have a girlfriend for us yeah but a great how about
leaving me in your will I'll leave you come on now make it come and leave me a little something in
your will I'll leave you a brisket no seriously leave me a little something in your will when
you nobody ever let me anything I'll leave you my the Poinot collection you know I review films for
pennas I'll leave you all the x-rated films right what do I get if you croak no chance
yeah chances I have the cards chances of I croak and before you I'm looking at least a sweat
finally stock okay let's get in here the sweat was pouring off your body it looked like you had
just done like 500 push-ups well in a pickle pad look like you were back with Gloria Leonard again
I had to walk 18 steps no one carried me in and you're let's go back to Duke again you're going
on the right style yeah in about three weeks and what second to accomplish how long are they
going to lock you up how long are they going to lock you up for weeks it'll give me start and how
much you're going to lose in four weeks 20 pounds it'll give me stars 20 pounds it's a start you
know how 20 pounds will show up on you if you lost 20 if you got up out of the chair and you lost 20
pounds right now if you went downstairs and had a big gigantic movement and lost 20 but nobody
would ever see it no talk about talk about a needle in a haystack talk about dropping a drop of
water in the Atlantic 20 pounds wouldn't even be a beginning one year and then when you get
out of there and you've been eating rice okay but I'm gonna I'm with for four weeks and fruit
okay then what are you going to do after that 60 minutes in the guy with the cocaine that picture
it's the same thing you keep trying I mean you know so in other words you give it up though no
yes you know I want to try again but if I if I capitulated then I'd be for 20 no I I'm
going to try I want to be thin and beautiful and I want to see a hot looking on I'm going to have
to give up a strong yeah now you laughing but do you wait and see okay have another slice it's
1148 on the iod network they've been be sure to join Rick and suds today two to six on news talk
radio six 20 WS UN well you know what weight goes down for we ain't coming out okay good uh yeah
you know I think uh dad I get Michael Bolt in there you know that's me have him
starts singing man no let's come one out and if they don't use him as a shield be sure to join
Rick and suds today two to six on news talk radio six 20 WS UN
don't forget if you miss any of my show today live you can hear it again tonight the best of
Neil Rogers six to eight on news talk radio six 20 WS UN
yeah let me speak it in that 1152 L Goldstein's here for another eight minutes until we kick his
bad ass on him uh now seriously I don't want I don't want you to die on your here I'd feel guilty
I'd feel like I contributed to your demise and I don't want to be responsible for that now like if
it happens between here in the ballpark it could be an accumulation it could it could have been
like the best drommy sandwich or the peaking duck probably a lot to do it yeah do you take do you
take a blood sugar I mean you must have diabetes no I don't you don't I don't have that possible
it shows you ice cream ice cream fights things oh seriously what is your blood sugar do you have any
idea fasting believe you know I don't know I know my blood pressure I'm on I'm on low presser
and then I for cholesterol I take mevacore oh what is your cholesterol cholesterol is about
240 you said you 175 I can't believe it yeah but my last this last time it was a little higher was
over 200 okay so I got to stop eating things like pizza again after today look at the next
piece you don't know what your blood sugar is no I should look it up once the last time you went to
a doctor a full four weeks ago yeah and up to blood tests they didn't you took your blood
yeah it was amazing and you're not diabetic not that you will be soon I'm from you'll be taking
insulin doesn't make any difference you'll be taking insulin and they'll have to start chopping
your legs off every day you give yourself an injection no I don't take insulin I take uh thank
God I take oral medication oral can you relate to that you're a food pig no no I am a food pig
but I was a little bit of control I mean you have no control none none I have never seen a person
in fact I'm trying to think of a parallel like you if it were a cheese he will like me
fat riches but he doesn't look as bad as you do I mean he's big he may I don't know how much he
weighs but it's like more proportion but you're like the schmoo like I said it's like like uh
your head is like regular size I mean the neck is getting a little uh what do you think about
19 now yes yeah 19 so he was probably a 17 before I started at 16 okay I was a content
so your head if you took your head like right from the beard up beautiful perfect put it on the
wall somewhere huh onto the bed from the chin down yeah it just keeps getting bigger and bigger
and then around the middle which is the worst to your heart this is where it is it's like this
enormous schmoo like thing like I said it's like somebody took a tube and they put a helium
seriously I'm not joking about them like a blow up alcohol sting the walking blow up doll that
would be a good piece for screw everybody should have an algae of the gold thing pressing me so
no because I'm trying to get you what do you need do you ever do you have a mirror in the house
do you keep mirrors it do you do you like Dracula you broke all the mirrors you can't look at them
you have to look at a mirror you have to stand stark naked before this day is over I want you to
stand stark naked and look in the mirror but you'll probably have a donut in your hand while you
do it because I know you won't have anything else in your head because you can't find that
you're very cruel no I'm not I'm trying to uh to appeal to something but it's obviously not
it's gonna why don't you say this you don't care be honest with us you don't care what we can
make some news here we can make breaking news algol sting says for the first time he's gonna
eat himself to death but with a smile why don't you just say that is it's it's true I won't be
talking about no I won't do it for spite because I want to outlive all my ex-wives I really do
yeah that's the truth uh I'm gonna be thin within one year I'm gonna be here and you're gonna say
how do you do it lead me master I'll be in wake up with with my brethren but
truthfully you're gonna see it all you'll be in wake up yes you're gonna lock yourself in and
wait for pay saw what is that all about here's this far bison of maniac over there they're locked
up they said well when Passover comes then something big's gonna happen over there what is that
all about but you have to keep wanting that there were no Jews the otherwise you'd have pizza
delivery trucks and Chinese delivery trucks no food in in 38 days that's what you think Jeff
Cohen from pizza loft is probably on his way over there right now one of our people anywhere there's
a careful audience over look at this you started to choke on it now don't you do you have a tax
do you have like coughing attacks fits like a lot yeah but that's oh in and like many seizures
because you had one of those before because I said something during a break you said that
whether sweat instead it's a mama cast iron on yeah exactly as I want to start right after I
get full at the stadium I want them to have enough food so I'll be there then possibly any of
the concession people is you might want to call for takeout just in case because I know they're
prepared for a huge crowd for opening day they didn't count on you showing up so what would
you have there today on it every are you like three hundred peanuts no peanuts and no crap
you got to take them out of the shell to expense too many calories taken out of the shell
it's like exercise yeah any any food like you probably don't eat like crabs because it requires
too slow and requires a lot of energy to get in the shell the good shell okay and the three hot
dogs three hot dogs what else they have how about the big pretzels with mustard very high like in
the up to you yeah right now what else did it happen candy no cotton candy that's because it's
all sure that it'll be great how about you missed the youth fair we just finished with the day
counting youth fair could have gone out there gotten some your I love cotton candy I haven't had it
in years great you know what I had last week that was great for the first time in years bit of honey
wow yeah once the last time you had a bit of honey no long time oh you wouldn't like that that's
not your kind of candy bar because you have to peel each section also a great treat to you forget
about that but you have to peel each one off the section yes someone you're kind of candy bar
which I've also had a couple recently was the big king size snickers oh great would you just peel
and just pop the whole thing I love it yeah quarter ice cream is great too what kind
hugging dogs again it chalked a peanut butter deep chocolate did you see fatso with
dumb deli waste great wasn't it I love this is like what this is all over again you could be Oscar
LaPitas remember the guy yeah from Chubby Checkers yeah well you know this is a sad experience
no no because it's just a period of a of addiction it's a word a period of adjustment well I'm
gonna be sitting again I was thin once I'll be sitting again he's from from gargantuan
the just fat I like see I if you know what would have happened to you the problem if you would have
been the way you were before before you went on the optifest you were fat but not dangerously fat
you were you yeah okay now you're trying to be something else and the frustration level is so
great in not being able to be that slim whatever that you're over you're going the other way that
this is what we do this is the real thing in the fact is the frustration level causes you
because you can't in a few days wake up it looked like Peter North or whoever it is you want to
then you just go crazy yeah and now you're going to keep doing this accordion thing can't
you're in fact you're right about therapy you learned that we are very we find it hard to be
moderate I bet you all parts of your life you are excessive because I am yeah fat pizza is the
compulsive of other than gambling other than gambling well I can't pitch you moderate and very
moderate so that they're watch watch a few races almost every night watch a couple you're obsessive
no I'm not you'll watch it you only sex and food for me will be just the food yeah well have a
great time at the game thank you you owe me food to I'm very happy to see I wish I could say
was an uplifting experience but I want to see and your friend here ape harsh belts press
agent he's looking at me this whole hour see this guy's a bastard I'm trying to somehow shame you
and do this this is beyond the point of funny no no I mean you you could be funny in being laughed
that like God look at how but that's not you no I'm going to grab hold and yeah you're going to grab
hold but how are you going to do that gonna take a search party for you to grab hold but look at
this and that the press agent apes press agent really he is so thin I don't think he enjoys food
as much as I do he's busy he's busy he's busy having sex with other things in his mouth okay yeah
have a great time out good to see you say hi to top slider and Tommy's a lying pony hypocrite
and have a great time at the game go marlin's don't eat too much okay alcohol stick
oh
news talk radio 620 w su n finally entertaining a m radio not the same old talk it's the neo-racha
show you can talk to me alive by calling toll free 1 800 944 9463 that's 1 800 944
9463 the opinions expressed are not necessarily those of the staff management or advertisers
of news talk radio 620 w su n
you're born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs they don't come any better than neo-racha
let me hear you
oh one
oh two
three
three
three
three
three
three
slow down you
I don't care if I never get back on it
no
one
two three
three
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
five
four
five
four
five
five
six
six
six
four
four
lines by the way seven five one all three day lines are open sorry about that
uh...
god the pizza chef i got a tell you that is some of the best of in the history of
the world
and because it's made in those brick ovens we know it's it's not like
pizza chef gourmet pizza they use only high gluten flour so al's
artery like really clocking up heavily now as we speak
and there at one eighty six eighty five west dixie in or thymian beach
there are oakland pine island up by me in uh... what is that that sunrise
open park whatever that is
and god and it's a franchise they're gonna be all over the state including
sorry soda according to the guy earlier tremendous
and especially that the taco smock what is it called
it's called
what does it call only
only all got that's good only mexican of the red is god that's good does he
does the ordinary one have beans
all it does have been so be sure if you were like me and i like the beans do
not as make sure no beans on my on me my mind speaking of beans
and
i'm gonna watch the marlin's play
uh...
gonna watch them put the game away
i want to watch the licks white starly how
kick their ass and look out now
marlin's a god of wind today and you know the god
is the one
on the
two day
all the marlin's are going
kicks the best
and
so how was it yesterday's going to sing this thing in the least he doesn't speak
to me that's all right after yesterday as he wouldn't want to anyway
well this audience man we could put god on the air and on the weekend they
don't want to speak to anybody okay they don't want to call
which reminds me i don't want to take a cheap shot at anna maria
what she is doing on the year i mean miss louis is
great talent creative guy good guy horrible show
but what she is doing does she really believe she belongs on here does she really
think so come on george you're good pizzeran she really believes she should be
doing that
okay he will he says speak to we've all and i will say nothing because she'll
cut me off
to open lines and date come on let's go okay so our goldstein killed the show
let's get with it
seven five one nine four six three it's marlin's day it's manny the marlin
day
and in spite of that come to a clock because we're we're faithful loyal i.o.d. people
we're all going to be listening to rick and suds
at two oh five
i swear i'll never read another pizza again until next meal
the man is just seriously he ate three muffins just he was in this room for an
hour
exactly an hour shovel down three big i don't know what was in him blueberry
whatever the hell they work as they shouldn't leave any behind muffins
god only there huh oh they are there house you let me see the bag i don't want
any i just want to inspect to see what they are and how big they are and what's
oh my god the bag you get a hurney just look at this isn't heavy oh look at
these these are boo i wonder if i should have one of those
hahaha ah but oh it smells so good all i hate you
god those are beautiful maybe just a little a little
peace on my fingers
hmm their blueberry
oh no wonder we had three of those and they're like uh two four now he lied he
had four of them because he said that there were nine he had four
and i think i'll have one so the slide that he is
and that was like so what is that
that's like about seventy six pounds seventy eight pounds the more than I
wait now but this man is going in the other direction so he ate four of these
he is busy had three but he had the other one without even knowing it I mean
that that's that when you eat so much that you eat stuff and you don't even
know you waited that's bad then he had got only I had no idea how many pieces
of pizza now this was just keep in mind this is only like an appetizer okay now
he's on his way to the stadium guaranteed at least two or three hot dogs plus
the carvel his eyes lit up like a pinball machine when I told him about the
hot-fudge carvel with this with the strawberries and the cherries here's Miami
on the star line hello yeah mister Rogers yes sir this is the weight watcher
addition this morning it's it is all you're talking about a food making me
hungry that's where we're at this I wanted to ask you something about the for a
long time we've been here and you read off the ratings and the trends what's a
good thing I didn't look in this bag for these blueberry muffins hmm
yeah you know you already started eating one of those I'm into it I was
a big round one not not that big these are like small I know the ones you're
talking about these are more human I explain to me how the ratings work and
the trends because I'm I don't understand the system what do you mean well you
you read off that yeah yeah that uh... uh...
uh... show went from a four point nine to five point three what how does that
work how does what work the trends in the race and out diaries they pick
uh... they they pick names out of a hat and they send them out and they allegedly
have this very scientific way of doing it and people fill them out in the
mail them in if they think about it if not the uh... get lost in the woodwork
and that's supposed to be a scientific methodology and if we talk about it they
list us on page five be the book is saying we're bad guys and they were
influencing the audience which is a bunch of crap but uh... what's the
highest is a ten would be your no i think we'll be a hundred hundred percent
i see so here of the audience when you're talking about five point nine and
five point nine percent of the audience of the people who are listening at
time right people that were pulled anyway no the people who are listening out of
who are pulled of the in they extrapolated over the entire listening audience
uh... alleged right
real scientific method right
okay just want to see how that work well it's like everything else it's a
pile of crap it's like everything else in life
have a great day pal
open line in the starline here's something that says uh... would you pass my
number to all goldstein i would love to interview for three
uh... you can give it to them
david uh... somebody rather
okay well we'll do it david although i see he lives in the grove so beware of him
uh... twelve thirteen on the iod network
you can wake up with bob laceter every week a morning from six to ten
on new stock radio six twenty w-s-u-n
i'm a genius
i'm a genius
i'm a bit we miss you
well thank you
and i have a question about Chicago
a question about Chicago okay
i know how called it is up there is there one
when you
like when you're not the
hit outside
it's free
weekday mornings from six to ten it's bob laceter on new stock radio six twenty
w-s-u-n
news talk radio six twenty w-s-u-n
it's the neo-rodger show
you can talk to me alive by calling toll free
one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three
uh...
what is the session with hockey
this is right for the senior writer with the hockey news
they don't come any better than the orager
and i think it's across center
to the leaf line
the shot-of- Zombier Husky
on his phone
that
above
he appears
looking
how
pro
mobile
r
the Neil Roger. Wow, you know something? I could eat that whole bag of these. That's
a good these are. You want one short? See that's why you're a puny little run. That's
why you don't grow up like you ate your wheaties or something by your puny little thing because
you don't eat right. These are great. Now I take back everything I said about Al, okay?
He's just a natural guy. He's not trying to resist all these urges. He's just diving
into it. Go out of my sorry. I opened up that bag and I guarantee that in the back of my
mind when I opened up the bag it wasn't just to see how big they were or what they were
made of. It was to see if there was something good in there. And God were they ever. I could
eat the other four or three whatever's in there but I won't. Now you had. Here's a lady
in Miami. Yeah, hi Neil. Hi. I was just wondering what my tent is worth getting tickets today
for the game. Because I got my Tiger Jacks and my popcorn and my hot dog. But no. Can I answer
your question? Yeah. Unless you want to pay a scop or a hundred bucks a seat outside
the ballpark I'd say pretty slim. Really? Yeah. Oh well. Next time. Right. Just turn on your TV
and get your Cracker Jacks and popcorn and big pretzels and the 20 or 30 hot dogs and
you can enjoy like Al is going to enjoy it. Okay. Big loss. Okay. See you. Open line
and date 751 food. Boy those are good muffins. I wonder where he got those. Huh? Where'd
you get those? Al, baby? Man, those were good. And they weren't the real. I know the ones
the caller is talking about. You know the ones that you get like at the mall. Those enormous
that are like for a big meal. Where do you get those? My favorite mother. Oh yeah. My favorite
mother in the F and two of them all. Right, Mike? Wasn't that his name? Mike. And don't
come bother me at the game, Mike. And don't come bother me at the track anymore. Mr.
a hot shot. Uh, pop it all flash. Running around probably telling all his pies on
the ground. There at the place where he works, which I won't mention on a year this time
again. Oh, I really told that son of a man job boy. I told him. Yeah. I mean, where did
you and true to pond my life? Did I discover you or was it the other way around? However
rich insist that you continue to give him those. He'll ritual tell you on the nights
that I'm not going to be there. Okay. I'm sure that's the way they got this covered.
On the nights when I'm not at the track and rich happens to be there. Those are the nights
that he comes forth with the good information. Oh, Wollop is going to jog. He's going to pay
$16 and riches up there. He's making hundreds. He's making thousands on the nights when
I'm there. He's like giving them stifts. So I won't be there tonight. No chance it might
be in the pop it'll park. Rich is going to be there all by himself. Okay. Here's a plantation.
Hello. Um, how many food did he eat? What is it? How many food did he eat? How many food
did he eat? Let me ask you something. How old are you? I'm already 10. 10. Would you like
to make it 11? Yeah. Then don't ever make a call like this again. Punk. We have an
open line in day at 751 11 Broward 5249 for how many food did he eat? How many food did
your 10 years old? And that's the way you speak. God help us the human race man. There's
no hope for us at all. No wonder. All is just eating at least it tastes good. At least
it's satisfying his immediate urges because I think the guy in what the wacko and wake
him may have a point. This could be it. This could be our last pace off. You know what?
So let's just pick out. Expure butter on the monsters tonight guys. Bradenton. Oh, I
didn't do the thing. Hello. Hello. Hi. Hi. Uh, this is your chronic every three weeks.
I call you. You're one caller in Bradenton grade. Well, I'm not eating it. I'm not sweating.
So can I still be on your show? I guess. I won't give you a whole hour though. You have
to eat a lot and sweat a hell of a lot to get a whole hour on this show like either.
I'm not exaggerating. He was sweating so profusely in his face was so red, especially when
he started laughing. I was convinced that he was not going to make it through that hour.
I mean, he was just barely functioning. I want to wish you a baby chicie puff luck. Oh
and likewise back at you Japanese too. Are you serial Japanese you? Yes, I am. Well, how
much sushi do you have on pay saw? Unlikely, huh? A Japanese Jew? Yes. Is that by conversion
by marriage? No. No. There are Japanese Jews? No. My grandfather was Jewish. My grandmother
was French and Japanese. Well, I'll be damned. That's incredible. Well, not really. Well,
I'm a brother in Japan. Six? Not a whole lot. Never counted. Never counted, but probably
could have. He had there's a couple hours. I am American. Well, that's great. I wanted
to do a ask you is it all right for a straight lady to say Neil God? Oh, yeah. How about
in Japanese? Can you do that? Yeah, but I don't think I would. Why not? Let's give it a
shot. Come on. We'll make you a star. We'll put it on card. Well, I wanted to put some.
You remember when Marilyn Monroe saying happy birthday, president? Right. Mr. President.
Right. Well, I wanted to and actually my religion is a bit more serious to me than putting,
you know, well, I can say Neil Hintar. That's it. Tired it up, George. But I wanted to
say Neil God. Well, that's great. May I? Go ahead. Neil. God. How's that? Well, it sounds
like Al got the audience sufficiently aroused, even if he wasn't. Have a great day. Hey, I
wanted to ask you happy pace. He asked. Was was the hockey game yet named? Was the hockey
team yet named? Yeah, go ahead. We're going to call him Miami. Go ahead. How do you like
it? Florida freeze. Florida freeze isn't bad. In fact, Al's probably eating one of those right
now and his way to the game. Okay, remember who said it? Okay. Do you have a happy? You too.
Bye bye. There's our Japanese you. We have an open line and a green line. 1-809-44-Pesaach
and 123 on the IOD network. Stay with us. You can hear Rick and Suds this afternoon from 2-6 on
News Talk Radio 620-WS-UN. Hi, it's me, Blaceter. Talking about OptiWorld. Did you know that each
store has a state of the art eye clinic fit stack with independent doctors of optometry who are on
duty seven days a week? Our clinics have the most up to date computerized equipment available.
You can call for an appointment or just walk in. The IOD in Clubs over 20 tests and measurements,
including glaucoma, cataract, and blood pressure evaluation. It's one of the most
thorough IOD available. All OPD world doctors are board certified. They're highly trained professionals
who are dedicated to providing the very best eye care possible for you and your family. And while
you're at OptiWorld, don't forget to ask for that free spare pair up to a $116 value at OptiWorld.
There are eight Tampa Bay Area locations, Brandon, Tampa, Carolwood, Largo, Bradenton, Sarasota,
Lakeland, and Clearwater. OptiWorld and a free spare pair.
New Talk Radio 620-WS-UN. It's the Neil Rogers Show. You can talk to Neil Live by calling
toll free 1-800-944-9463. Henry Aaron in the second inning walked and scored.
He's sitting on 714.
Here's the pitch by Downing swinging. There's a drive into left side of field. That fall is going to be
out of here. It's gone. It's 715. There's a new home run champion of all time.
And it's Henry Aaron. The fire works are going. Henry Aaron is coming around third. His teammate
is going to take the home plate and listen to this crowd.
Two balls, one strike. What's pinching? The runners lead. A lot of Roman right center. If he hits one there,
we can dance in the streets. But two runs. Swindle and Greg left there. One run is in. Here comes
Greg. Here's the front of the play.
So let me ask you that they win. 1228, we have an open line in day. It's 751. Hang your head
skipped. That was unconscionable, even in the moment of excitement. Harry is just frosted.
Here's the mobile in Tampa. Hello. How come these buttons are so soft and the same to you?
All right, listen, you and Rick and Scud's got to be doing something right. Everybody calls me from
New York to get put on hold because we got you on. Really? Oh, if you have an eye out at the
sky from the national magazine, put me back on hold. I never heard anybody calling, but
it do's back on radio. How about an asshole? Would that make him even more exciting?
I don't call people that that's a useful part of the body. Everybody have brown eyes otherwise.
Okay. All right, listen. I want to leave you with a cockamorn and come back to the
useful part of the body for outgoals.
With the amount of food that he's packing away. Hi. Yeah. In the meantime, cockamorn and
and back to you. Thank you. Have a great life. Okay.
Open line and a green line, Al. 1-800-944. Did anybody ever call about the stadium concessions?
They did not. Why the hell not? And did anybody ever call with a cell phone from,
um, they're supposed to have more than just the football pair. Oh, they are. But I'm sure that
Carvelle still has that thing because I know that Al will definitely want to make a trip to that
Carvelle. See, ordinarily, as ice cream goes, I hate to say this because but Carvelle is not very
exciting. I'm sorry because there's some nice people that don't, you know, but especially on
paysoft because most people that own Carvelle are Jewish for whatever the reason was Tom Carvelle,
Jewish, I don't think so. But the stuff is kosher, even for paysoft. But the Carvelle at the stadium
is like extra special. I don't know what there is about it, but it just, I guess it's the cherries
and the strawberries and the hot fudge. And God is that good. In fact, after, you know,
I can have time at the dolphin game. Even if it's a crappy game, you have one of those
you say, Oh God. Yeah. Here's St. Petersburg. Hey, yes, sir. About Jim Skyler. Yes. I listen on the weekend
and he's actually my project is pretty good. But you know, when you get through listening to Joey,
it's tough to, it's tough to hear funny anymore. I kept hearing that line yesterday with a tough
act to follow and everybody meeting. How could anybody have an audience after Joey? And then there
was some old bad name Ruth called in and he said, Why don't you have a real tough act to follow
because he's the best. And his credit, Skyler hung up on her and I was cheering in the car.
Well, I'll tell you, you know, when I'm working on the weekend, I'll just put the radio on and
it's background noise. Right. Until something comes up and then I'll listen. And so a lot of times,
you know, I'll have Joey on. And I'm not really hearing anything, but I've kind of reen
myself of that where I'm not turning him on because it really makes sound overbomb, but I think
it impairs my ability to hear humor. Yeah, it impairs your ability to function as a human being.
On Saturday, I think it was I get in my car. I turn on a radio, which I always have on 610,
being as loyal as I am until it comes time to turn it off. And he has got the first call was,
oh, that's right. The very first call was Bill from Newport, Richie. He hit him on for 15 minutes.
There is nobody on this radio station besides him. Well, even tolerate Bill from Newport, Richie.
He had him on for close to 15 minutes. He goes into a commercial break. He comes back and who do we
go to next? His buddy, Louie Jagger on the beach in Hollywood with his so-called weather report.
And that went on for 15 minutes. Oh, Joey. I mean, just every time you think he's had rock bottom,
he finds another death through a plum. I think it was Saturday. I turned him on about 15 minutes
before the end of his show. And I heard him tell a woman that he's not always funny because when
you really take risks, you know, sometimes you bomb. And I just want to say that God, loving for that,
maybe eventually, you know, the law of averages is on his side. Right. If you throw an up-track
up into the air, some of it will hit you. Yeah, like goodbye. Like goodbye. I would be in
hysterics if he just came on and said goodbye. Bye, bye. You know, that would do it for me. I go nuts.
But have a great day, pal. I got a question for you. Yeah. How would I know if my topic
is hanging down? People would be pointing and laughing. Okay. Have a great day. All right. See
you there. You know, I'm going to go to the other WIOD. It's 1232. Let's do Miramar. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. What's the
succession with baseball? Here's a man who's got the fever. Not well. Come on. Get with it. I will
watch the game on TV. Oh, you're not going to be listening to Rick and Suds like I am.
Okay, I'll turn the sound down on the TV. You don't have Rick and Suds on the radio. No, you're talking.
Are they going to be at the stadium? No, they wouldn't let them out there. They wouldn't let them go.
QAM would not let them go out there. How did you guys let those losers get the game?
Because they're going to wind up losing about a million and a half to two million dollars a year
on it. So it was with our pleasure. We said, go right ahead. Be our guest. It's just money. Yeah.
You guys could be the dolphin station, the Marlin station, the heat station. No one in
other than the dolphins, we don't want any part of those. You could be the announcer for the
hockey team. The Miami ice. The Miami S. Hey, listen, when is Norm coming back on your show?
We have an open line in Broward 5249463. You talk about a guy who had nothing to say. And he always does.
That's the same guy. He never has anything to say. And what was that, the child he was molesting
in the background? Was that called from the rectum rear? What? 1234. Oh, and then did you,
before we take the break, there's the story about this priest here. What is his name? Oh, uh,
it's not his real name. Oh, they got a street named after him in downtown Miami. Opharole,
but that's not his real name, but they call him father Opharole. Well, it's something like that,
but they call him father Opharole. The street's name is Opharole. There's something like that in
downtown Northwest, the second street or northeast. It's like a second name to it.
And he has been charged with testifying. They were submitting false testimony, false war
and testimony, and was an alibi for this kid that was charged with theft or something like that.
And allegedly in exchange for sex with this 23 year old guy. And he didn't notice they were
interviewing some of the parishioners on the news yesterday. And they were all not father Opharole.
No, he would never do this. And just a conspiracy. It's against the whole Catholic church. And we
know the arrow out. Yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, right? Uh huh. Sure. So will the real Catholic priest,
the real straight one, please stand up. They're all still sitting down. 1235 on the IOD network.
The goddess Randy Rhodes tonight, 7 to 11 on NewsTalk Radio 620, WSUN.
I was so depressed last night. And I mean, you actually, I couldn't wait until you came on.
So like, it followed the way. Happy, right? Oh, tonight. I mean, like, I'm feeling much better
looking forward to your show. And now you're all depressed. So I think I better do something.
I've never called the radio station have I feel better now? I have been on the field better after
50 minutes just to tell you. I think you're fantastic. I want to tell all my friends.
The only thing though, you seem to have like a lot of guys calling. Isn't that a phenomenon?
Yeah. Why would guys be calling a girl? Well, yeah, I can understand that. But I know, I mean,
I would guys are calling a deep-throated, you know, fast-talking honest speaking chick.
Yeah, but am I joining a new kind of geek club? No, I need to be. I'm not going to be like answering
one at for really lonely people now. Am I in this group now? You're in the group. You're going
to start getting weird mail just like, oh, God. I am now lonely.
Oh, and so now, I'm having a meeting. Everybody's on a date.
The coolest man in the bar bar is Greg Maddox.
And since the competitor, only 26 years old.
For the sixth, right here, you know, one 15 hour.
He's a very handsome young man.
Turned co. We can't stand you, Greg. We hope you lose 30 games this year for Atlanta.
1239, we have an open line on the StarLine Star IOD.
What sparks a champion?
Sparks you and champions.
Choose Wee-Dee.
Let's see that spark in action. Keep your eye on Fleetfooted Richie Ashwin,
patrolling center field for the Phillies. Here's the pitch.
Uh-oh, it's a low sinking liner out of a second. Looks like it's in there.
Ashwin's racing in. He makes a desperate time.
And he's up for that ball.
1250, you spring catch by Richie Ashwin. Man, oh man. He's really got that spark.
Champion Ashwin fires up with Wee-Dee's. How about you?
Remember what sparks a champion? Sparks you.
What sparks a champion?
Sparks you and champions. Choose Wee-Dee.
I guess uh- oh shut up already. I guess diving for those line drives is a good way to get a
Richie Asperin, huh? Open line on the StarLine at Star IOD. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Are you guys good? Yes, hello. Are you at the ballpark?
Uh, we're on our way. I got an insight. We're right in front of Calder right now.
All right. Yeah, we're pumped up. We're former New York Metthans out of New York.
I know you're supposed to stay on my first time call. I have heard you though.
Do you have to say anything? Okay, well, you know, my name is Danny O'Auto-Fordler.
I'm a good friend and Howard. Great. And we're going to be parked shortly and we're having a beer
and we're going to have a good time there. How's the traffic?
It's not that at all. Not that at all. We're right here at the entrance to Calder and it's real good.
It's uh, what do we got? 1239 or so? Great. We'll get there before our Goldstein gets here.
I'll tell you that. I'll tell you. There'll be nothing left to the concession stands.
They're not going to like it. Huh? I think I got some good food. I saw on the paper.
Yeah. Yeah. What do you like the best?
Hey, anything that's edible, man, anything you can stick in your mouth.
Have a great day. Enjoy it. Thank you. Okay.
Yes, a matter of fact, you know what else I saw? The founder seats, they have special food.
I was watching one of the pieces on the news over the weekend and they were showing one of the
concession guys and he was peddling some kind of seafood stuff with shrimp and lobster.
I don't know what the hell it was and they said, well, gee, this isn't like your real regular hot dogs
and he said, no, this is strictly for the founders section.
And that's where I'm going to be sitting. That's where all of our WIOD seats are.
And those great founder seats right behind the dugout like tomorrow night in the third row.
So what can I say? See how you played your cards wrong if you would have come with me to the game
tomorrow? You could have liked really gone nuts. You could have had like 10 times as much food and 10
times the excitement and cholesterol sunrise. Hello.
Sunrise. Hi. Yeah. How are you doing? Okay. I see that Martin's made the front page. Yes, sir.
What do you think about the eye ice-creamy man? The what? The ice-creamy man. Meaning what?
He's selling ice-creamy. Is he? Yeah. You know there's an old saying about saying
you scream ice-creamy. We all scream for ice-creamy. Yeah, they're sure as old. So how you been?
Pretty good. Okay. We have an open line and Broward. It was from sunrise. What do you want,
George? My God. The median age there is death. 5249463. That was a super sunrise all we had. He's
all worked up for the game. He's had his winies and probably getting ready for a moving experience
any second. Tampa. Holy cow. Exactly. Hey, I see you guys. They printed in the
trivia yesterday the name of the new Miami hockey team. The Florida Panthers. No, please. Can I
reach a headline here from future sports edition? That's not official, is it? I don't know. That's
what no. No, but I can just see the headline now. Lightning drop pants. Yeah, that's cute. Go
pants, go. I want to say something about Bird. Is that include Rob Zaminer? Is he going to do that?
Either him or Domino because I want to be there with that game. By the way, all you flyer fans,
Gary Galley is God. I just thought I'd mention that. See, you only get my Keenan for a coach,
ain't you? No, we're not. Well, they were showing the game here Saturday and Bobby Clark and him
were sitting under press box together. Oh, really? Yeah. Well, the stories here say that it's
going to be somebody else, but that would be great. I like my Keenan, man. We have him. He'd be the
next best thing to Don Sherry. Everybody be spirit and knocking each other's heads off. That's
what they're doing. Yeah. For not doing nothing, he's well-meaning. Exactly. For a guy who had a
rather mediocre career, both as a player and a coach, he is sure parlored into a lot of money.
Really? About Bird. Bird? Yes. Deep Bird? Deep Bird. His taste is in his ass.
Well, we know that. Any guy who likes choking puke or chokers, running around, I mean, they're not
like they can do. Lightening round of Neil God, you did. What ever happened to it? Yeah, you said
you were going to car the whole bunch up and I'm been waiting for myself to come up on there.
He heard a bunch of what? He said you were going to do a whole bunch of those Neil God's. The only one I've
heard is lean dog. Oh, I have a whole bunch of them car it up. Oh, because I'm waiting to hear myself.
Where the hell are they? What the hell happened on my Neil God cards? You must be the guy that was
in here over the weekend and stole that card. No, sir. Gone? Oh, missing. Uh oh. I can't put my
finger on it right now, but it happens to be in the machine. Neil God. Is that it? No, it's the guy.
Neil God. No. I was the guy. Neil God. No. Neil God. No. Neil God. No. Neil God. No. Neil God.
Neil God. No. Neil God. Definitely not. I think that last one I recorded at the rectory.
Neil God. No. Neil God. Shut up, Kurt. Neil God. No. No. Neil God. No.
Well, how many of them are on here, George? A lot. Neil God. That's sunny fuck.
Yeah, it's not a like it. He won't, you notice what a wimp he is. He won't call me anywhere after he
said bull shot on here on the station that we have fingered him for being the abuser of our
airwaves that he is. Wouldn't do it on magic one, oh, two point up your nose over there. But when
comes on this station, he says all kinds of crap. Neil God. No. Wow. Neil God. Are you sure it's on here?
Neil God. No. No. God. Neil. It's nothing for real. Neil. Just me. No. It was before that. It was
after the guy that said it is a question. You told me to clean up the phone. Neil God. No.
That's Scotty Mac. Yeah, you're right. Come on, cue up here. Is that the end of them?
Yeah, I think that was the last Scotty Mac. How well? How do you know which is the last? How do you
know what's on the card? Because I happen to tape it that day. I'm not being a year old. All right,
here we go. Neil. Neil. No. Neil God. No. No. Marvin got it.
Marvin. Marvin. Gardens. No. By the way, speaking of Marvin, he can be seen any hour morning,
noon and night, rollerblading like a maniac on Miami Beach. I saw on the other day this guy.
He's a good job in a bar. He's out of his mind. I mean, this guy's going to get killed. He thinks
he's in what the hell was that movie in LA? A roller, a rollerblade roller, Derby roller,
rollerboogie rollerboogie. Yeah. Neil, I don't know. Oh, that's for Paisa. That's the Hebrew version.
Jesus, how many of more honest damn thing? And now we got to get that Japanese Jewish on here too.
Oh, Neil God. Not the O. See the O just. Neil. Yeah. No. Neil God. It's right after that.
Oh, here we go. Okay, big build up here. Here we go. Wait a minute. I may get so excited when I
hear this that I wet my pants. Neil God. That's the one. Oh, okay. Thanks. Thanks for killing two
minutes. Yeah. Venture, white, bureau driving, steroid taking douchebag. Okay. Wow. Man, if
every call could kill as much productive time as that did. We have an open line on the green line.
We're only like an hour and some minutes away. They're going to be throwing the per the
perst damn fits you out at 1-800-944-WI-WD. We got a pressure packed afternoon of Marlon's
baseball. I'm going to go right home as soon as I leave here, get my car and turn on
Rick and SUDds. 1247 on the IOD network. Stay with us. You can hear Rick and SUDds this afternoon
from 2-6 on News Talk Radio 620, WSUN. Flying Swami sucked into jet engines. Robot keep customers
company at airport bars. Oh, never drink alone again. Utter stupidity cows heads stuck in tree for 10
days. SUDds Pet Sludg kills mom. Pet Sludg happened to be in a 38 caliber cage. Yeah.
Slined man is national darts champ. High school principal fired for spanking teacher.
Psychic rooster saves man from plane crash. Wrestling fans riot over snoozing bear.
Thomas Jefferson was an ace on the draftees. Doc saves man's life with liver he found on the highway.
I told Marvin about that. I win. I win. Finally entertaining AM radio, not the same old talk.
News Talk Radio 620, WSUN.
News Talk Radio 620, WSUN. It's the Neil Rogers show. You can talk to Neil live by calling
toll free 1-800-944-9463.
We've rattled sucked 40 years ago. Any still sucks.
Oh, okay 1251, a WIOD. We got the channel 33 on here just in case. I'm not listening. I want you to
understand right now. I'm not going to like that for any of my attention. The game doesn't start until after
the show is over. We got a night game tomorrow. Most of the other games will be night games. I
wouldn't want anybody to think that I'm going to divert my attention away from WIOD for one second today.
Here's the lady in Miami.
Neil Yeshua. Yeah. That's it. Cute. Very weak. Can't even hear it. Okay, Yeshua this.
Two open lines in date and one on the green line 1-800-944-WIOD. And let's do a Pembroke Pine.
Hello. Hey Neil. Oh, there's that anal herchizer who was starting against us today. How are you, Neil?
Against old Charlie Huff. Can you believe Dale Murphy is a rocky? How about that? They sent him
out to Colorado if you paste your mole back on. They're making buses for an entire spring training
to win a position on the damn team and then they send him away. Right. You believe this? Yes, I do.
Well, happy salad and have a pissy for me. Okay. Open line in two of them in date. This is the
beginning of the end for us. Okay, they all got channel 33 on. They're all getting excited. Here's
a drive to deep right field, but it's going to be caught. Who the hell is playing out there? Oh,
that's that anal herchizer again. We don't want to see him. What an asshole. God, another one of
these goody twos. He was him and Gary Carter should go any lope somewhere. Those two. Oh, look
at that. Look at that. Herchizer and drizzed Dale there and playing a little grab bass in the locker
room. God. Man, it's would get off on that. Hi, Alia. Hi, Alia. How you doing, Neil? Pretty good.
Call it great. Hey, yeah, how is it that people can get into this country and become citizens without
even speaking the language? Call it Sandy Payton. She'll tell you all the lines in date wide open
here. It's a baseball Monday, man. We got the fever, but not the IOD audience. I can't play
male goldstein for this because that was an hour ago. Okay, 7519463. Let's do a Geensville. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, I just look at the paper here. I thought that the model is
one ESPN. They're not? No, I mean, no, they're on channel 33. No, I'm up in Geensville. Yeah, I thought,
oh, man, this, this, this, this, this, all screwed up. Now I got a prop. What me out of the reds are on.
It's not best by team. Well, who that wants to see there? Oh, that's your team. Oh, yeah. Who are they
playing? Montreal. Oh, kick they ass out of somebody. Oh, they will. Don't worry. Yeah.
Even watching MTV at all. Then Arosmith are the last hour. Really? And I'm sitting here watching
that obnoxious Kurt Gibson. Oh, they're not going to show Kurt Gibson at that home run. Are they?
That to me is one of the worst moments in the history of sports. He's got the Kurt Gibson can barely,
remember? Yeah. He can barely stand. He can barely swing the bat. He's like crippled. He's
and he throws him a couple of fastballs and he's like, you know, he runs like his cups too big
for him. And then all of a sudden he throws him this lollipop there on the inside corner and he
hits it. Oh, man, look at this. Here's Ecclesiastly out there. They're going to do it again. I can't
look. I can't stand it. Who was it? That was Jack Buck. He said, I don't believe what I just saw.
Yeah, no one believes Jack Buck anyway. No, nobody believes that Jack Buck is still alive. Okay, I got
Marlon's Melrose lady on the phone. One more thing. Yeah, I'm up in Gainesville. When does draft cover
start? In about five minutes. Five minutes? Okay. Okay, here she is. Hey, Neil. Where are you?
