Firefighters remain perch tie on these long ladders, mojosers in hand.
Oh!
Use Talk Radio's 610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk with Neil Dial 751 WIOD from date in Broward 524 WIOD.
Outside the 305 area code toll free 1-800-944 WIOD and Bell South Mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star IOD.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show on Use Talk Radio's 610 WIOD if Neil Rogers and two people tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock have intercourse on television.
They will get a large share of the audience that takes no talent.
Run along to the gate square dance got a great big zipper in the back of my pants.
Get off my horse at the old barn door got my saddle burned around I'm a riding on the horn.
Look inside folks are dancing all around there goes Johnny and his mother's not down all the man left and all the man right all the man needs a pillow to fight.
Give your partner a silly a smirk all going hands for a big circle jerk volunteers all raise your hand who's going to be the next pivot man.
Invite your partner home for a drink lick your lips and give him away with a great big smile and a great big nod.
Let him know your gerbos deep cloud.
1207 WIOD happy Thursday happy second of last day of the year to you were having a interesting day here a little bit frustrating as usual but that's why we're here to take out our frustrations and share them with you.
We have an open line it's on a star line star IOD and to and day day really off their feet today very disappointing but not surprising at 7519463.
Here's Tampa hello Neil yes sir.
First of all I'd sincere thanks for a great year of entertainment sure that you guys you're doing it I feel bad you know about the Rick and Sud situation over here but I do feel with you know with what do you feel sir.
Well I guess I'm going to be on in the afternoon for my gather with Blobbo right but I'm starting with what starting this coming Monday.
Yeah no I mean I don't blog I mean very possible long from the afternoon he's on another station right yet well yeah I'll be doing that so I'm going to go.
Guy that called yesterday was absolutely correct he should be like the head of the radio division for Cox Enterprises when he said that they should have kept Y&F with what we were doing put Ron and Ron on in the morning put me on in midday Rick and Suds in the afternoon Randy at night and made it into a really great FM station you got a 10 share and if they wanted to keep
the blaster stick him and a bunch of boring people over on the AM and it would have been perfect right well I feel the runner on leading the Neil you should really do at least a seven or eight
share at least at the very least because if they do with 20 I should do at least a seven or eight and you don't know the
thing up until now basically another one of these slush music stations where they don't pay anybody any money and other spend in gigantic bucks to get this
syndicated time joiners show out of Dallas to put this guy on here in the morning and they're bringing in Ron and Ron over there to put him on in the morning on the
AM but with us over here at WIOD it's like well we don't know all things totally confusing it is you know by the way forget expensive crap my two favorite
gifts I got for Christmas the I.O.D. calendar and the Buffalo still fucks t-shirt yeah starting to really wonder about that with the
office well some day it'll be good though I just keep it handy some day it'll be good some day we'll finish ahead of them what
happened to the dolphins on the old they just went into that we really have to go into this I mean it's so I don't want to
last day of the year we're only like three days away from the wingland game on Sunday do we really have to die
I can't I can't stomach it well I love S.U.N. carrying weaver and mandates they the whole game is one big car right what do you
mind I we just roll we go back to my dad and watch your manage takes us in order to after each game right and in fact I
need to take a store to after it when playing last couple weeks on air maybe they should be taking us
to order to be for the game could only help but I need to get mercury more respect because after all he's got a lot of
more respect every game yeah that's what I just said okay let's see Steve the bird is God yeah start Sunday and I can't
understand why the is there any word out who's starting Sunday no no you just said it because I can't believe that
they would actually go into New England can I say something this sir what see you we have an open line in
a date that's another one of my new years resolutions I'm much you know I get all this crap about being so nasty and
people are intimidated they're afraid to call me all this other pansy crap I'm much too nice and much to patient
with these people when somebody starts going he's a good guy just has nothing to say and he just keeps I'm
hemming and hoeing and hesitating and it's it's a it's a killer man he's killing me he's killing you he's
killing me he's killing all of us so kill him first before he kills the whole show is what I say it's our new
policy for Lauderdale hello hey yes sir I'm here to talk a little hockey okay this Saturday with the ducks yep
we're going to come in camouflage and bring duck calls it duck season all right let's get him we want to get the word out
everybody bring duck calls unless blast that place beauty about time we get our home record going the other way and that
road record is looking terrific well I think I think the range of game gave us the momentum and now this
tremendous road trip and I'm going to tell you after what a lot of people are realizing and I don't want to
put a canary on us but after the game on Saturday we have got the toughest stretch let me get my
little schedule out it is brutal man have you seen the schedule yeah I'm a season ticket holder okay after
it here next after this game on Saturday we got the Rangers on Monday these are all away games at New
York Friday at New Jersey against the Devils on Saturday at Boston with the Bruins at then we got a
few days off we'll need them for the Thursday the 13th at Pittsburgh against the mighty penguins and then
the 15th at Montreal on the 17th at the islanders we got three four five six big gigantic away games and
that's going to be the real true test to see if we can really keep it going and then they come back home
against Washington with no piece of cake either right now we can kick their ass oh yeah they should have
done it the other night but the tie is better enough yeah hey we'll take it we'll take this tremendous
our month of December 7 2 and 2 but not bad for an expansion team and I should point out 10 points
ahead of the Tampa Bay Lightning I just mentioned passing but one thing I got for Christmas was a duck call
just for this reason I went out bought a couple extra tickets so we could take the kids to the game right and
we're going to go down here and blast duck calls and tell them it's duck season and that's the way it's going
to be okay go in there and kick some butt right already see a Saturday see ya bye see ya open line and
day 7 5 1 1 on the blue line 5 2 4 9 4 6 3 and 1 on the world famous Bell South mobility star
line at star IOD 12 minutes past noon at W IOD WS you win after noon at 2 it's Rick and suds then
it's 6 it sports talk 6 10 this is the Neal Roger show this is your brain
any questions that damn fat guy I can't stand him
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
i guess
twelve twenty seven and w i would be on a pretty amazing thursday jaz mccay
for rick and sudson s afternoon take him or leave him you know when i listen
to that promo i must confess i am uh... somewhat fascinated by him
because he's an enigma he's he's frustrating
because you hear little snatches of uh... his act and he really could be uh...
tremendous you know i think between the voice and the whole ambiance of his
grizzly personality there is the makings of a guy who would really be great but
he's like out he needs some uh... guidance
and he came to the wrong place for that trust me when i tell you came to totally
the wrong place this is a place where they just throw you on wait for you to do
something totally uh... off the wall and wrong and grotesque and way over the line
and then they say oh sorry
but you're uh... history
because i think he's got uh... you know like last year said about randy and i
should have said this a long time ago to show you what a hypocritical asshole
last year is
i have never seen so much raw talent in my life it's frightening
he said that to me at least three times and this is the same fat slot that goes on
here over there in badmouth the crap out of her to the point where he just
about decimates her in the temp of a market
but he's telling me off the air i've never seen so much raw talent it's frightening
the great analyzer of radio talent mr. blopster
here's a ovieto hello
any of the okay sir
uh... nil
what about one land on all this what about our land oh
uh...
what about it
are you coming into this market i doubted
i heard you were like two three weeks ago
according to whom
not just the rumors flying around well if they if i am it sure is news to me
because i heard two months ago that they were moist to have me on their on
whatever that station jim phillips is on
and then of course i have made the big mistake by leaving in the hands of these
assholes here at cox broadcasting
and like i said yesterday they don't give a crap about me i mean it wouldn't
cost them another time because we've already got these eight hundred lines
and we wouldn't have to put another one in and we're already just sitting there
we've already got the uplink it wouldn't cost these people a dime
and would be tremendous exposure and really at a whole new element of the show
and be a lot of fun and they're just a sit-in on the rass
and we're waiting for bob niel to uh... move on this they don't care
i know what's happened you must if you're gonna work for assholes in this business
you must have an agent
and like i said this uh... that's another resolution for the new year is
sometime this next week
i'm gonna go out and get me a real agent is gonna be interested in my welfare
and my concerns and not sit back and wait for the cox torps to what they care
my life
beautiful and one last thing
who won the turrento black hockey Monday do you know i don't think they played
sir
we have an open line on the a green line one eight hundred nine four four nine four six
three i think all uh... immediate future leaf games have been cancelled due to
lack of ability
and then and which i guess her last night that's just what we needed we couldn't
score at cathie willets house we couldn't score at a french whorehouse in Quebec
and adrichuck it's her which is there really just what we need to if it's the
frosting on our ass
here's candle hello
any of this sir
uh... eighteen time call okay
you'll help people to either first time called you are because they have nothing to
say no nobody gives a crap it's boring and it's gratuitous and it sucks
all right well i know this is like verbal for play i think what they ought to do is
get right to the meat of the matter and stop with all this uh... you know
mindless chatter that nobody cares about
are willing to talk about that rickensunds thing on twos day which they do i
mean of the point of it is good to try to encourage new people to call but
why do we have to reward people for the first time they call
you want to have by the way i'm sorry go ahead
no i need to talk about some serious go ahead trying to talk to a different
people about it but i can't get a straight answer you probably won't get a
straight answer on this show
you know i was molested by michael jackson
really
he he
that damn fact that i can't stand up yeah
you know we're gonna win the dolphin game this week yes sir i'm listening
we put a
case of by the ones on the internet about rick's answer fullback
yes there you go
get a fact
okay
so yeah
we have an open line it's indeed seven five one nine four six three
by the way anybody wants to get some good tips up in popular park get new
fat riches new tip sheet
it comes with its own little gold-plated shovel
right alongside student shovel at horse stuff man like it's going out of style
i don't want to start in on him again for more than another hour and a half
today since we only have an hour and a half left
but this man is destroying my good times at pop it apart he really is and i'm sure he's
listening right now as we speak and if not i'm sure you'll hear about it
just keep all your information to yourself it won't even bother me if you've got
a eighty dollar horse and you start screaming and throwing around winning tickets
after the race i don't care more power to you i hope you win every night great
but just i don't want to hear any more of your crap
i mean how gullible can i possibly be to believe that on those ninety five percent
of the occasions when the man is up there when i'm there with him that almost all
of his information is totally bogus like that in that grotesque first race and
the twelfth race and just about every other race last night except the four to
five shots that i don't need any assistance on that we know are going to win by
open lengths those i don't need any help i can read the program
and on those very few nights when i'm not there
tremendous night eight hundred dollar thousand dollar twelve hundred dollar
triple we had this we had the super we just on those nights when i'm out there
so from now on what's going to happen is i'm going to pretend that i'm not
there i'm going to have my own super spies following him to the window and
betting on the nights when i'm not there betting the same damn tickets that he
gets betting the same information that he allegedly gets and just see how it comes
out in the end you know what i mean yeah hollywood hello
hey yes sir how you doing okay
hey great show
uh yeah oh i'm sorry i get the radio to
turn that radio down now yeah let me show turn that baby down
yeah all right great show and uh what kind of children listen to your show in a day
time at eight o'clock
none no children so what's wrong with uh only children listen are those like
thirteen and fourteen year old girls that call up jazz
what's wrong with the language in between listen to purl jam they're jamming it
exactly at night late night right man they got some stuff out there you can
they wouldn't even believe they haven't even heard yet
so i just want to say i'm first time caller and you're a
healthy guy okay and keep it going happy new year bye
yeah open line on the green line in uh out of town one eight hundred and two
and brown right now one and brown at five two four nine four six three five two four
four w i d let's get with it man let's start the new year with another
resolution that there will never be an empty line on any show on this radio station
how is that for a challenge huh you've heard a payphone challenge you've
heard a don and mike with their bogus ripoff of rick and sud's phone booth
challenge how is this for a caller challenge never a single empty line for the
entire nineteen ninety four how do you like that oh uh what do you think no
what we got two of them right now one and brown
oh i remember those days fifty seven consecutive days it was a year ago
november we broke Joe de mageo's record fifty seven consecutive days when we
really had an audience on this radio station
fifty seven days i never gave out a phone number we never had an open line the
phones kept ringing it was like a challenge the audience lived up to what they
were calling they were ringing they were swinging they were doing it they were
into it they were a part of our lives now it's just another one of these
cathartic things where we're just hoping that we make a comeback because we're
like stepchildren that have been like put a drift in a little raft out at sea
in the middle of the Pacific without a compass
but boy garyle be back on monday so have no fear man
everything will be kosher because boy garyle be back from Lewisville on monday
speaking of faggot's there's that david boy god he makes me sick
oh look at who this is boy oh boy good afternoon Neil it's our old friend
lenn yes i'll you our old friend our old chronic friend who has to call because
he can't come and test the rest of it remote anymore because we don't do any
right now i've been how you've been lenn good now i need to get to the meter of the
matter please i'm going to try my best to make promo for today and tomorrow okay i've
been practicing although i'm not a singer is George your on the board George is on the board
right now have a mark to tape right now he's got his ear on it right now ready yeah
oh
he's an oh jean provocateur beautiful land thank you i'm touched
do i make promo but not enough i don't know well we'll see if we have nothing else exciting
going on today George says maybe but don't hold your breath okay he said he said work on it
he did say that what was that what was that with a little
think oh
that was George's editorial comment oh is that it he says if you snooze you lose and he's on
the verge of both i see happy new year lenn both you two and god bless you and keep it up and god
bless it thank you see a he merry gentleman we have an open line in the data i wonder what that
meant god bless you merry gentleman huh never trust a gentleman named marias but i always said
anyway it's 12 36 at w i d there we go with those sexual puns again we should not want to do
that and w s u n tonight after randy roads it's dawn and mic
you stop radio six and
come on you i'll do
man is son of a bitch is farting on me here
hey guys if you're single and spend most of your nights alone in your room why not work out
if you get your adrift it's easy with solo flex solo flexes the high-tech workout device
that's effective because it works on one muscle at a time in fact it works on only one muscle
but you can set it up in 20 different ways to work on that one muscle yes there's nothing like a
session with solo flex to get sweaty and feel good about yourself Tommy are you in there hello
what are you doing in there Tommy and when you're done or if you're interrupted solo flex
folds up quickly and hides in the back of your closet solo flex in the 90s working out alone is
the safe and healthy way to go call now for a free hands-on demonstration what is so funny now
what did i miss what are you uh chartland about in there go seriously i don't understand it you're
like laughing at the wrong times there must be something else it wasn't that you almost stepped on it
no i did not you were thinking about it no i was not had your mouth open i was thinking about something
else sorry 1240 anyway out of great thursday so anyway how's my friend shandu in from
homeroom park boy you're a hell of a guy shan shan you know i bring these people along that listen
to the shows first they start out little groupies and they come to the remote and all of a sudden
they grow up and they blossom into full manhood and they come and they bring their beautiful
girlfriends to the track like shandu last night and they make a big mistake by coming by and asking
for advice asking for a tip on a race i'm sorry shan don't listen to that fat part ever again he's
full of it he's full of it oh my deeter said he could win this and kevin cizer said he could win
that and bob dorene said he could win this and if you put all three of those guys together they
couldn't win a fixed race okay here's a south beach on the starline hello hey nil yes sir yes i
wish you would watch the word time to lay with you guys put on the radio yeah 12 year old daughter here
really you don't like it and you're criticized my mom once you call why is it you make fun of my mom
she calls you your mom yes yeah i think you should be a little more polite to her yeah and also why
school all you pal we have an open line it's on the starline star our deacourse they're probably
working on that together right now with that phony phony voice real good job pali here's a mobile
in lakeland speaking of phony voices hello hello nil yes we really aren't dying over here i believe it
you sir are absolutely correct about i'd like to refer to the front page of our local
snooze paper uh... got an article here flap over dead end signs just to pick up on the point
few colors to city hall do not like the color and favor something softer they wonder if it's
inconsistent to put up some signs that say dead end why others say no outlet and for others like one
elderly resident i'm dying out of here whose dead end street is part of a retirement community
just take the dead and sign and stick it on his ass he says a sign with his apparatus would be good
a sign with the word dead has unfavorable connotations right
can you believe it yes i can because that's that's the kind of stuff that makes big news in florida man
because this is uh... death the death nell this whole state is dead they ought to put a sign out
fronc says that yeah when you come to the state of florida should just be like a gigantic billboard
that says death reign supreme uh... agree i agree or that just says i'm dying out of here right
they ought to be they ought to be they are there's one good thing to keep in mind is that they are and we'll
be here to watch it yeah great great uh... bobby jordan you're no good you can do seem vinegar filled
douchebag okay see uh we have an open line of dates seven five one what i'm getting to do it almost
as good as he does now that's getting him pissed off to he's getting really psychotic about that yesterday
was talking about how humorous it is to hear me say that but now uh... practice makes perfect and i'm
working on a real hard and saying that too here's my amy hello
i need a chance to be famous who hello
hello are you famous now i'm not famous at the moment okay but you're working on it yes and being famous too
definitely okay
and
speak to me speak to me come on let's do it
are you out of material am i what are you out of material
out of material you are open line and date seven five one nine four six three here's bonnie from
kendall high nil long time no talk thank you the lord for the night time right
high bend bonnie oh pretty good was sent to good to you uh... uh...
well it's good to make up me a cell phone i could get through on it so did you really well wasn't that nice
i call you from anywhere i don't sit on sanders lap because i know all about them
well you got to watch out for those uh... that that white fuzzy stuff and the bells and all the
rest of the day and sanded to you i call you because you were talking about uh... smoking
you know what i'm smoking what you're a bon yeah
and i was wondering if you have ever heard of something called philly's blunt
yes oh you did you know that was mentioned i don't understand i don't get it
well as philly's blunts have to do with bongs because it's the way to smoke marijuana
philly's blunts yes this is like the way he was talking yesterday about guys that like hollow
out the middle of the cigar and a stick pot near the smoking yeah i heard about that on howard
shows though i didn't know if you would all i must be where he got that from then that's right okay
everybody wait a minute what is it it's all over it's all over what blunts yeah
what do me it's all over lots of people do that why i don't get why couldn't why couldn't you put
it inside of a swisher sweet no i don't know supposedly that it maybe it's the kind of tobacco
that they use they say you get a better high oh please please spare me the pain you mean howard
is now talking about direct like that well no he was because one of his guys that are in john
yeah was the guy that told him about it yeah i know where's that in john puts the blunts you're
not kidding you're not fooling me so they had to tell long discussion about it on uh... one of his
shows and i had never heard of it and they think that they can't even keep these cigars on the show
juvenile childish i mean let's get a life already for crying out like go get the newspaper and roll
up a big one and uh... do your thing i i just can't deal with it i just can't deal with it is so
pre-pubescent already i know i got over that stuff years ago i mean i don't care i don't give a crap
what anybody does if they're smoking it by the pound i don't care but it's just it's not amusing
and it's not entertaining it's just ponderous it's like an obsession if you're going to be obsessed
with something be obsessed with something that's like stimulating like me now you're exactly there
you go right well anyway that was about it all the other thing i have listened to uh...
you've got to judge
jasmine k jasmine i still yeah i don't know really bogus if you ask me bogus yeah
it's like listening to cousin brucey yeah exactly with with better here though
all he's like better here he looks like uh... the the portrait of a dream
messenger a dream messenger anyway i think you're out of material but i'm a material but you have a
good new year and the same to you and bottoms up thank you see you see you all
open line and day it's a woman can't really do that could we have a woman who could really do that
well do you think between now and two would probably want to have another woman call of the whole day
said maybe some of those little thirteen year old girls that are playing grab at
ass with each other's apparatus while they're listening to pro jayman their jaminate
just a woman just don't have the balls in this all of maybe and could probably be there wouldn't
that be great she could have a new signature that might even get her back one of her earlier newscast
on channel ten uh... when grandma finishes doing the news just before she hops out to uh...
step into her decil truck so yeah what does this thing what does she say at the end of the news
she's got something she does i never watched the sign language thing oh yeah that's boring grandma
nobody wants that okay even how i'm colored being embarrassed by that forget the sign language do
like a real good macho thing sure so put that brine or cross the shame 1248 at wiod and w su n
today following sports talk six ten it's randy rose
you stop radio six ten eight great
twelve fifty one at wide we were just talking a little bit about the fillies blunts thing which
i have no interest in its one of those things it's like a throwback to stuff that was going on
twenty years ago when little juvenile people were experimenting with all kind and like i said if you
want to do childish crap it's a lot more fun to stick a a Reese's peanut butter cup inside a jelly
donut like don bill always get the honey jr see that's something that i could sink my teeth into
but anyway let's do a palm harbour hello yeah okay bro
and i got a few points i like to touch on yes sir touch on this okay whip it out my friend
listen then um that rivalry that asshole philos pedita yes between the panthers and the
lightning what rivalry is that the one where the panthers won three games and tied the other one
very very disappointing yeah i'm not very proud of even more disappointing that the panthers are
ten points ahead and have a gamer two in hand on the lightning who are holding up the rear
well that's good for you guys yeah i'm happy for you well that's because we got a real team what can
i tell you and we've got a bunch of dummies skating around phantom team hey i like the guy who said
bring the dot calls that's a good idea yeah do about they're not playing over here yeah listen i'm
wondering do you think a bunch of rice being saying that pussy song earlier no no no and another thing
let me ask you what's the pointer of your call sir what's i want to wish you happy new year and same
to you we have an open line on the green line one eight hundred and one in uh
brown or five two four nine four six three let's do corals spring hello yeah new yes sir um i want to do
a little predicting for you for for your friends the cocks broadcasting yes now that they have
sounds drawn around and they spend all this money it's more likely that you're gonna that you'll
ever get howard and i'll tell you why if it's more way man it's more likely more unlikely oh because
if you and howard are gonna get a 20 share why are they gonna spend money against their own good
money with towns join her up there different audience but but still i mean it's at the
audience they they're not going after the uh white audience they're going after the uh jam jams
audience yeah but it'll help a little bit huh it'll overlap a little bit yeah a little bit i don't
think so how many how many brothers you think are listening to howard how many black people do you
think we got in this audience true true but it's not all blacks that listen to how one or five though
but i mean from their st overwhelming overwhelming majority okay fair enough well i got a shame with
your press okay you're uh i'm just trying to keep my hopes up okay you're you're a version of the
Michael Jackson uh press conference feature whatever yes is the funniest thing i've ever heard in my
life p in the pants definitely okay happy new year i got it in the machine right now
and the car to see uh okay here's Michael saying see uh see uh but if i am guilty of anything
it is of giving all that i have all that i have to give my penis my buttocks my lower torso thighs
and any other error that they wanted to help shoot in all over the world that damn
bag and i can't stand them just isn't complete unless Latoya gets her two cents unless she gets
her licks we have two open lines at brow art and we haven't even started the new year yet we're
practicing for our new year's resolution and we have two open lines at brow art so you leave it
to them to be the ones uh who put the thing in the wheels and the spokes five two four nine four six
three let's do Tampa hello okay let's do a plantation hello
get your ass in here jaz it's almost two o'clock let's try a lady in Tampa hello hi Neil
had a new year and the same to you thank you uh unfortunately i think there's a small flaw
in your logic if i can say that regarding Ron and moron yes uh it seems like and i've been i've
been living living in Tampa for quite a while and all of the tini-boppers in this area who you
still isn't a Ron and Ron right switched over to ninety eight crock in the morning uh
when even when Ron and Ron were still on uh ninety five really yeah well don't tell Cox
broadcasting that because they're trying to pedal us a song and a dance that Ron and Ron are
going to double digits that when they left the year over there they were still the hottest things
since halifying Jerusalem i don't think so really i really at you know obviously i'm i'm not in
the business so i haven't seen any of the of the numbers right but uh you know there was there
was talk of contract disputing this and that and uh it's really hard to say but i do know that uh
when i was when i was that age when i really got into all of this
Ron and moron crap when i thought it was funny panty fax yeah um it wasn't cold to listen to
am so i really don't see you know that that too many of that age bracket are going to be uh
switching over to am unfortunately well wouldn't it wouldn't that be a big moron wouldn't that be
something yeah i think that you know i think it'd be hilarious although you won't be getting that uh
that rollover effect that uh see i can't speak for them because i just don't see their act at all i
just don't understand the big attraction i will say this if Howard were on whether he's on
am or fm or shortwave even though he's been declared to a great deal and not as funny as he used to be
in spite of that i wouldn't care where he was on because the living and breathing people would
make an effort to find him and it wouldn't make any difference whether it was cool or uncooled
because they want to hear what he was doing oh sure exactly there are a few people like that
oh and if i wanted to if i wanted to and i'm sure they're one of them but we'll find out
Monday yeah yeah but i mean if i wanted to hear that crap i'd go home and i you know i turn on
public access or something you know i mean talking about Ron and moron not not not starting yeah
but you know so so i really don't see what what wf you went trying to do other than uh you know
drive away all of the listeners that uh really got into rickinson because you know obviously like
you've been saying over and over again that's all that's all we're getting is like uh people are
i had the one guy before who said yeah bob's okay but uh he's gonna miss rickinson's but most
of the people have been saying that uh they're really depressed because they would like rickinson's
and uh blahbo is gonna put him into a coma and probably the dial into another position in the
afternoon at two o'clock every afternoon i'll be i don't know what i'm gonna do i have to go
listen to sports or something or find a life or something yeah yeah exactly but uh have a good
new year and you too congratulations on the panthers i am a lightning fan and uh you know what can
i say well it's nice it's nice to be doing well it really is it really is enjoy a while at last
because uh i know i think it's a second year team it ain't fun even for a long time for
uh team like the leafs it don't last forever yeah really okay see ya see ya my oh not bad
we have an open line if she would let drug drink a lot more whiskey and do a lot more hits on
that bong she'd be uh doing a lot better uh get away down there wait down deep honey uh let's do uh
my name is lase on the starline hello happy thursday to you about it yeah there
hey uh what's doing over there green socks thursday listen to me i am so tired of hearing all the
belly aching about how bad it's all for yeah every Monday after every game well isn't it pleasant
though that i've avoided much conversation about that today because i can't take it after every
Monday after every lost next season instead of calling it sports talk we're gonna call it shivatalk
yeah all they do is bring in the minion bring in the filet minion and and and if that's whole
cocks happens to live in my community in Cooper city yeah and i'm gonna go by and playing something
at his house i think good anyway tired of it i'm tired of it i own there's something about that name
man it just seems to carry a certain thing around it a certain sense of psychosis maybe if he
changes his name he'd be uh straight in his ass out can you can you imagine if we had the uh the
other linebacker we had zooker and we had that quenella going yeah and manda uh uh uh
uh manda yeah and the mad dog slips up and hog you know what i'm saying right anyway you do have a
couple of blackies listening to you one of them is it in my warehouse right now ready you're listening
you're an asshole nil please play uh i'm gonna start on it right now wrap on it that little bit
you can fit that in for the break i could come on you want a bet please manage yes it's yes
mandat say i'm gonna start on this theme and i'm gonna wrap out it all year long and in closing
and in closing i would see you
the way
the nil roger show to talk with nil dial 751 wio d from day in broard 524 wio d
outside the 305 area code toll free 1 800 944 wio d and bell south mobility customers
make it a free call by dialing star iod now the nil roger show on you stock radio
610 wio d let me tell you something the only thing bigger than the one the two hour is that
Debbie Alice boy it's she a cow
ow
a
Don't I'm Brad Jesus breaks our backs Jesus Christ is super happy never shut up
Chuck
Pops him will get down your Lord
We should check shit
Oi
The Pops
Pops
Dump
God give him the grass
The Pops
Dump
Alexis
Fagammass
The Pops
Dump
He's a grumpy head there
The Pops
Dump
The Pops
Dump
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Our check into a line of tail
Two fudgees fell on water
Two forgets and take a pill
Our shes got enjoy it
Token pills and not a joke
For a proven pope
Bust and token deals took a narrow
On a spoke
The Pops
Dump
God give him the grass
The Pops
Dump
Alexis Fagammass
The Pops
Dump
He's a grumpy head there
The Pops
Dump
Dump
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
The Puppet getting higher
Oh yeah
The Puppet getting higher
The Puppet getting higher
Yeah
The Puppet getting higher
The Pops
Dump
God gave him the grass
Hey!
The pop-spots don't.
He likes his Pokemon ass.
The pop-spots don't.
He's a goofy hater.
The pop-spots don't.
The pop-spots don't.
The pop-spots don't.
The pop-spots don't touch me.
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
One-a-way to W on D.
You know what the thing about the Achilles Blunts
that we're talking about before?
Maybe he's mostly Blunts the Pope.
Facts is from the Jazz Man.
Thank you so much, sir.
Anyway, what does it say?
The same old people at the Playlast weekend
projector breakdown leads to theater melee.
Here's another one of these great stories
that only could happen in South Florida.
Employees retreat to Loct Orifice.
The breakdown of a projector during a Wednesday showing
of Shindler's List resulted in a near riot
which frightened theater employees,
locked themselves in an office
to escape the angry audience.
Ha!
The crowd calmed down with the arrival
of three patrol cars from the Palm Beach County
Sheriff's Orifice.
We almost had a riot, said Dodd Geflan,
assistant manager of the,
thank you, of the Shadowwood Square 12 theaters
near the intersection of Glades Road and US 441 in Boca.
It was very close.
Gelfan said, he and the other employees said
about 30 of 360 patrons in the theater
during the 445 PM show caused most of the trouble
complaining about the sudden breakdown,
40 minutes into the film and demanding refunds.
It was their conduct that delayed refunds
of the early show tickets,
$4 for adults, $375 for seniors.
Ah-ha!
They were creating a dangerous situation
for employees and other members of the audience.
He said, at the height of the disturbance,
Gelfan and five other employees locked themselves
in an orifice at the theater.
One of my ticket takers was in tears, he said,
no arrests were made.
Ah-ha!
Another act of civil disobedience
by our South Florida seniors, beautiful.
Now, let me say this, when Neil,
when you start making a third of what Ron and Ron
get paid, then you can open your big mouth,
see ya, says the facts, okay?
Well, isn't that beautiful?
How about if I start making a third of what Larry King
is making, okay?
And he blows the big one too.
So what the hell does that mean?
I don't understand it.
In other words, your talent is based
on how much you're making, is that what the deal is?
I'd like to be making 10 times how much Ron and Ron
are making, how do you like that?
I'd like to be making half of what,
how it is making, all right?
What does that have to do with anything?
Because I listen to Ron and Ron
and I'm gonna say it again and again and again,
there ain't much there, baby, okay?
So, see ya.
Anyway, let's do a Port St. Lucie, hello.
Hey, don't.
Okay.
Hey, you gotta work on this line up here.
Yes?
Okay, why is Randy still on at night
when you got this guy jazz on during the day?
He's just, he's really not cutting it.
He's filling in.
Well, he's gonna be filling in for her next week.
For her?
Yeah.
She's gonna be on vacation next week.
He should fill in for her while she's filling in
for Rick and Sudson getting ready to move
into the afternoons.
That's an excellent idea, but of course it would
make much too much sense.
Oh, I see.
See, because Randy has, like, put in her time
and she does a good job.
Randy is great.
Okay, I mean, it's just reached the point
in my mind.
It's not even worth debating.
Randy is great.
You can hear it in her promos.
You can hear it in five minutes of her show.
She's a funny person.
She belongs.
She fits.
She's dynamite.
She has paid her dues and she deserves the opportunity.
She's filled in in that spot before.
Done a magnificent job.
She's the kind of funny bitch that people would have
a great time and laugh out loud in their cars
on the way home and have to do drive.
And it's, it's very simple.
And that's why it's not happening
because their city, they're busy sitting around
worrying about hot 105 and they're worried about
the WS you went.
But WIOD, which they've spent a lot of time
screwing around with and messing around,
they just can't quite seem to get off their ass
and do something, which we're still waiting
for the shoes to drop.
So it's nice that they look out for people
who have been taken care of them
when you guys are putting out like six watts
in the middle of the night.
Right.
So you just definitely end for the afternoon.
Is that a fact?
Of course not.
Well, what makes you say that?
I have no idea.
I hope not.
I have no idea.
Okay, well, you need to be prepared.
My suggestion was, huh?
You need to get Randy, you got the pull there.
Get Randy out of here.
I have no pull.
I already told them that right to their push the other day.
They asked me, I told them, and now I hear nothing else.
They discussed nothing with me, nothing.
But they did ask and that was my suggestion
and it was probably a mistake because whatever I suggest,
they immediately do the opposite.
Well, I don't know what the Tampa Markets like,
but over here you got to get Randy on their own day.
I mean, I can't hear her up here at night
when you guys are putting out no power.
Amen.
Okay, and furthermore, if there's any mighty ducks
or is that game we're going to have the gunshot.
Very much.
And you need to bring into Berg.
That'll help things out.
Let's not think about that yet.
It's only Thursday, please.
Can't we, no, we really do need a mental cooling out
from that whole dolphin thing from that syndrome.
We need some time.
We need some space.
Okay.
All right, have a good one.
Go panther.
See ya.
See ya.
See ya.
I'm trying to stop doing that and I can't stop it.
We have an open line at day 7519-463-113-WYOD and WSUN.
The latest news from the 610-WYOD new center each hour,
plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast.
WYOD.
Hey, Neil.
Fuck you.
Merlin Olson for STD.
Hi, Bob.
Hi, Merlin.
You feeling all right?
You're covered with running sores.
I think I'm going blind, too.
Sounds like syphilis, Merlin.
Could be.
Somebody just sent me this lovely STD,
pick it up, bouquet.
The STD pick it up, bouquet.
That's right, Bob.
A selection of petri dishes each containing a virulent
and highly contagious, sexually transmitted disease.
Who would send you something like that?
Oh, X-Wife, disgruntled girlfriend,
could be any number of people.
You know, I played pro ball for a number of years
and there's a lot of casual sex in the road.
Well, it's nice to know that somebody somewhere
is thinking about you.
Yeah.
Spread the joy and the germs with an STD, pick it up, bouquet.
STD.
It's the next best thing to being there, doing it.
116 WIOD and let's do a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
OK.
That Panther game, I heard that's been rescheduled.
It's true.
What game?
The Anaheim game.
No.
OK, I heard it was rescheduled to noon.
That's what do you mean reschedule?
That's the time it always was going to be.
Oh, well, on the ticket it says 735.
Really?
Yeah.
No chance.
No way.
When did you get that ticket?
Well, when I got my seed and ticket.
Oh.
Well, I don't know.
My schedule says 1205 is always just going to be in 1205.
And maybe when they printed them up the very first time,
it was going to be.
But trust me when I tell you, it's at noon, 1205.
OK.
Hey, do you mind if people come by at the game and say,
hello or you don't want to be by?
Not in the least.
They always come by.
They're always very friendly and they're great.
They're wonderful and no problem.
Great.
OK, well, we'll see you there.
OK.
And say, yeah.
Bye.
Open line in day, 751.
He did so well.
Well, why would I even try to upstage him?
Let's do medley.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Are you doing, sir?
OK, pal.
I just wanted to let your collars and people
that are listening to you supposedly
doffat fans that Mitchell is starting.
It was on the sports page on Wednesday.
No.
I'm going to doffat.
Are you serious?
I think the bridge should start yet on page 10B on Wednesday.
Oh, no.
So Scott Mitchell is starting a game on Sunday.
No.
I think the playoff hopes are down to two with Mitchell starting.
What is going on there?
Is Shula God a little something going on with Scotters?
He just like that haircut.
What is that?
I don't know, but I think the only chance for he stuck
the joint out on Monday.
Right.
He was pathetic.
Well, they got to get the ball to the experience, man.
Right.
And the only chance I think that they have especially up
there in the wind and the cold and the snow and a friend.
Don't forget the great game that DeBurg played in those conditions
in Dallas.
Played a great game.
Yeah, that's who I am.
I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
Well, there you go.
You know what I'm talking about.
He played great with the Cowboys.
He did.
No, but I'm saying in that game DeBurg played a hell of a game.
Now, honestly, here with the experience and of course,
the experience that he has with this type of climate,
I think the bridge should be the starter.
Well, maybe like this last guy said,
maybe he's got confused with the dolphin game.
Maybe this game has been rescheduled for another season.
Maybe that's it.
Could it be our only hope?
And it could be really ugly, sir.
Could be real ugly.
And sure could.
Do you have any other chance that they might have?
A winning is that if Tom, all of the Italian Gary Stevens
get lost or something.
Yeah.
That would be a good thing if the whole coaching staff
misses the bus might not be bad.
Maybe you could arrange a little hijack on a way to Foxboro.
Yeah.
And a little, oh, I got the,
well, a fair amount that the Luis Migo I was paid.
See?
So I'm ready to get intensive this weekend until Luis Migo.
I haven't heard a lot of the songs, but most of the songs
are great.
You'll get into a big time.
Trust me.
Yeah.
Also with that action, with the Corvette and the Mustang.
And just show you, go to show you that the Corvette
is faster because the Corvette hit the Chevette first.
Exactly.
And in closing,
go.
Why?
Two open lines are both in day 7519463.
Let's do Miami our last date call.
Of course, hello.
Hey.
Yeah.
This holiday season, right?
I get a call from my crazy uncle,
haven't seen him in years.
Yeah.
He's the last date.
So he says, come on up.
Visit me.
Send a couple days and he lives out in the country.
Where was this?
It's up in Ohio.
Oh.
Let's not pinpoint any more than that.
OK.
So I go, I fly up, I get there, and he's disabled.
And he's got this guy with him that helps him get around
and stuff.
He's in a wheelchair.
So I get in and the disabled guy, I mean, his helper.
Now, wait a minute.
The guy that helps him out is disabled?
No, no.
My uncle is disabled.
Yeah, you sure now?
Right.
Sure about that.
Exactly.
He's got some guy who lives with him.
Right.
And he helps him out.
He gives him a helping hand.
I'm following it.
OK.
So I show up at the door, take a cab ride from the airport.
Show up at the door.
The man servant, whatever you want to call him, greets me.
He says, the uncle's doing whatever.
Go up your room, get ready for dinner,
take a shower, whatever.
So I'm taking a shower.
I'm singing in a rain.
Just singing in a shower.
My favorite song, come here.
Like Malcolm McDowell.
Singing in the rain.
Yeah.
So I come down to dinner.
And he says, try the wine.
I come down to dinner.
Yeah.
Nobody there.
Uh-huh.
OK, in the dining room.
But there's a place to getty.
Yeah.
So I sit down and I start eating.
I'm in my red and white bathroom.
Well, I must be getting really slow, you know what?
I'm in my red and white bathroom.
I'm eating.
I'm feeling good.
Here he comes.
Old crazy uncle in the wheelchair.
OK, comes rolling down the ramp.
OK, again, I'm sitting there eating.
I said, I apologize for starting without him.
You know, there's nobody here.
I'm hungry.
So he says, no problem.
Why don't you just try the wine?
I know.
And I see.
Why?
Oh, I blew it there.
Mine was better than yours was.
Try the wine.
No, mine's better.
I'm sitting here watching it.
I read it.
I'd have to hear any talk about it.
Yeah.
And I didn't even know where that line came from.
Had you ever seen that movie before?
No.
Oh, my God.
One of the greatest movies ever.
Clockwork orange.
It's cool, man.
Man.
I don't even know where that line.
I've heard that cart before.
I don't know where it comes from.
And you see that thing that was hanging down from Alchemist
Al when they were putting the prison uniform on there?
Right.
What was that thing?
I don't even want to pass it again.
No, right.
But I couldn't put your finger on it.
Listen, listen.
I'm sitting here watching the flick.
And I heard that cart before in the guy.
So I'm in it.
It's like Pavlovian in my mind.
I go, God, I think that's what I'm doing.
Where's the other cart yours, the long one?
It says, food OK?
It's not the thing.
Because I stopped it right there.
And I've been on hold for 25 minutes.
It's putting it on pause to roll that thing.
Is that what he says next?
Because it's like wound up real tight.
Where the hell is that other cart where he says, food all right?
And the guy is trying to line.
The guy kills me when he hears him singing in the rain
in the tub.
He starts freaking out.
When he starts spasming out and you see the veins,
his whole head turns not red but purple.
And you see the veins popping out on his forehead.
That's a beautiful thing.
And you know what this guy reminds me of?
You know what he is.
He's jazzed and can't.
16.
Possible.
Possible.
Wait a minute.
Here we go.
Here it is.
Food all right.
It's hilarious, man.
It's hilarious.
Anyway, great.
Wait, great.
Great.
That's right before he says, I know why.
I'm trying the wine.
Oh, beautiful.
Oh, man, it's funny.
It's a great movie though.
I'm glad I heard that.
I guess you won't be singing that song in a shower
any time soon again.
I'll wait a day, pal.
I won't be wearing my red and white bathroom
and eating spaghetti.
Exactly.
All right, man.
See ya.
We have two open lines.
They're both in day at 7519-463-123-WIOD and WSUN.
The dad gummin' it's almost two years
even after he got the call ran and found out
about the appropriate attire for her new year's
Eve extravaganza.
Hello.
Hey there, Rand.
How you doing?
I just called to find out.
Hi, Rand.
It's my machine.
I'm not here because I had to run out
to play my new year's Eve extravaganza.
For this Friday night, it's going to be great.
Get food from Pete's law, come to the world's best pizza,
and then we have to dart out to party supermarkets
with nine convenient self- Florida locations.
I'm sure I can find one to happily serve me.
We've a message at the tone and amputate very busy
holiday season.
Maybe I'll get back to you.
Nice message, Rand.
Not.
Hey, next time you sell out at least get more
than pizza and party favors, OK?
How about getting some beer?
Hey, look, black-time blue jeans, OK,
for that jagoon to party at yours.
Oh, yeah, now bring the dick Clark Irma
for everybody, OK?
Bye.
New Year's Eve.
We'll ring it in, all right.
We'll ring it in, so loud your ears will bleed.
It's Randy Rhodes, New Year's Eve extravaganza.
Live on News Talk Radio 610, W-I-O-D.
Noonah 2, it's Rick and Sods.
Then it's 6.
It's Sports Talk 610.
News Talk Radio 610.
Oi.
Come on, you liar, D.
You're a bastard, you're a bastard.
You're a fucking idiot.
He's back.
And he's stalking a psycho who wants
to make the Chicago Cubs pennant contenders.
Clint Eastwood is dirty, Harry Carey.
Hi, everybody.
This is Harry Carey with Steve Stone
and the cops are getting this shit out of them today.
Clint Eastwood gives a Hall of Fame performance
as the legendary Cubs broadcaster.
There's action.
The bitch, strike is the shit.
He's through that bull-right past Clark.
Suspense.
It's b******ing big.
It could be.
It is a f******al rhyme.
Romance.
Oh, look at the t****** on that broadsteed.
Only cows*****.
Clint Eastwood is dirty, Harry Carey.
Coming to a theater near you.
Hey, Neil.
F****** you.
127, a W-I-O-D.
We do have an open line in date
where they just don't seem to catch on too fast
at 7519-463.
Here's Ludes.
Hello.
No.
Yes.
Can I think I'll ping your face?
Oh, God.
Here's the North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Should I fly a little?
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hi.
How are you doing?
OK.
Yes.
I just wanted to say, jazz is great.
But please stop the titty bars.
Talking about the titty bars, you know.
Yeah.
No more titty bars, jazz.
He's in the other room.
He's in no more.
OK.
Happy New Year.
He's going to all gay bars this year.
He wants to meet Brian Norcross.
Happy New Year to South Florida.
And back to Etches, sir.
What do you got little grab ass going on over there or what?
Well, no, I just mean my wife.
She's got to see you for you.
You want to hear it?
She's got a what?
She's going to say see you for you.
OK.
Hold on.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi, Neil.
How are you doing?
Fine.
I'm out of material, but I'm going to just say see you.
OK.
All right.
Yeah.
Bye.
Little week.
About another pint, I think.
I'll do it.
Wood alcohol.
We have an open line.
It's in Broward 5249463.
Let's talk about drinking beer through a straw.
When I was in Boston, see the.
I just I don't know.
I'm just not ready to go back to the college foot fraternity
mentality.
What the football is the same thing?
College football and a college fraternity mentality.
And there's some people that just want to cling to that.
You know, there's some things I'd like to cling to,
but that ain't it.
Here's a Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Says on the screen.
It says on the screen here, punk in Hollywood.
Are you a punk, sir?
No.
OK, George says you're a punk.
Oh, can you please play that Michael Jackson thing?
My dad.
Which one is that?
We're talking to the kids.
He's talking about the kids.
You mean the little bit where he's talking with the press
conference of the whole bit?
Yeah.
Just a little piece where he's talking.
Yes.
Well, what do you think about Michael sir?
Guilty, you're innocent.
Guilty.
Guilty is how fry his ass, right?
Yeah.
OK.
See ya.
See ya.
But if I am guilty of anything, it
is of giving all that I have to give, my penis, my buttocks,
my lower torso, thighs, and any other error that they want it
to help children all over the world.
OK, an office enough already with that.
I got to give credit to George, by the way, who did put that
together as far as a far too clever and far too nimble
for an old fart like me.
We do have an open line.
It's in Broward 5249463.
Let's do Palm Beach on the starline.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
OK, I got a high-cut question for you.
OK.
At the end of the game, what is icing?
No, no, no, this is something really important.
You want Maurice Rashard, yes.
At the end of the game, the players are given like a card or whatever
that will tell them that they're plus 12 minus 4 is like a
grading as to how they play.
They're given a card?
Right.
They're given a group as to how they play.
Well, they're not.
No, they are not.
What are they given?
Or what is the plus 12 in the world?
That's got nothing to do with them being given.
That has to do with how many goals are scored while they're
on the ice for or against.
Oh, really?
Yeah, that's just a statistic.
It's got nothing to do with something they're given like a
little a brownie point or something like that.
That's just a statistic.
Oh, OK.
And it has to do.
In other words, if a guy's got a good plus number, that means
that his team is doing well when he's out there and they're
not playing like a human sieve and he's a good defensive player
and a good scoring player.
And the team does well when he's out there like Jody Hull has
got a good plus number.
And some of the other panthers.
If he's got a minus, that means he's like a human sieve.
And the other team scores like at will when he's out there
on the ice.
Oh, great.
OK.
All right, thanks for the hard part.
OK.
Back to you.
Open line on the star line at star IOD.
Or we could call up John Moynihan and he could probably go
into a big like 25 minute explanation that easily.
And probably most of it would be wrong.
Here's Sarah Soda.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes.
All right.
OK.
Here we go.
I'm down here on my case from Kentucky from where?
Kentucky.
Oh, Kentucky.
Yeah, hot country.
Yeah.
OK.
And I've been noticing all these people from Canada.
Yeah.
Canadian assholes.
Yes.
Yeah, maybe some should play for Tampa.
To the lightning.
Yeah.
What do you think about that?
OK.
We have an open line in while he's from Kentucky.
What do you want?
Open line on the green line 1-800-904-49463
and 1 on the Asterisans Star I OD.
Let's go to Tampa.
Hello.
Tampa going once going twice.
I'll reveder.
As soon as you mentioned lightning, they all went dead in Tampa.
Listen, I want to say this to you.
OK.
I know a lot of you people got your out of town relatives
in town.
You put on a radio and I'll listen to this.
This is really great.
And that's wonderful.
OK.
Turn them on to this show to the entire radio station.
Great, marvelous.
Give them something to do because basically I have no
lives anyway.
But don't put them on the phone to call us and try to be
cute and clever.
because to be honest with you a lot of these Yahoo's from Kentucky and Ohio and
Indiana and wherever else they come from they're not too interesting to say
the best. Okay, Shuligan little exercise today huh? Getting really worked up
about it. Open line on the Star Line, Star Iodil on a green line at 1-800. Now
why couldn't I let that go? He had a very good point. I thought he was right on
target. Exactly. And we can't let it go. See there's not even even truth as a
defense. Doesn't I'll pull your right to say things. I mean he said basically
the Dolphins suck shot is what he said and he's right. The big one, gigantic one.
Even John Holmes would be impressed but we just can't let that go out on a
year because we live in a very very sheltered and very fascistic society and we
can't say crap on the year until after two. In fact, the jazz promises me that
he's going to be saying shot several. I almost said it myself there several
times this time. He's almost got almost got me converted. I came very close. I
did have to dump myself once this morning. I had a dump Eric Idol on that
thing and he's got me one over. See I'll be all if if you can win over these
people I'm all for you. I'll build a monument to you out front if you can get
them away from all this a pretty crap. Okay, but you got to understand you're
working for a bunch of people from Atlanta a bunch of nose pickers. Okay,
a bunch of if you ever seen Bob Neal, have you ever seen the corporate let all
man. He's about three feet tall and he's not he looks and sounds like unbelievable.
David Paul. Same mentality. Ken from Aintree, which you ought to know about that
movie. One of your favorites. They were up there in Aintree and the woods together.
David Paul and Bob Neal and Bob Neal's a little nose picker. Oh gee, we don't want
to put anything sexual on here. That's where we get in trouble. They think sexual
sexual connotation. That's why they put Ron and Ron on it as you went. We don't
want anything sexual on the air. So don't not only say crap, but don't even think
about it unless you're just taking one downstairs and smeared it all over the wall.
135 at W I O D and W S U N. Not probably a good segue into this spot. So let's just
pretend I didn't just say that. Let's look at Time Magazine man. I got it in my
hand right now in the magazine two in the brand new issue with Time Magazine.
January thirty third nineteen ninety four. They got the top exciting things of
the past year. One of those little compendiums of the most exciting inventions
and concepts and new ideas of nineteen ninety three. And on the list of the top
ten no less is Mattis ice cream. It says for aging boomers who want to have it
both ways. Ruben Mattis introduced what may be the perfect treat. Low fat ice
cream with no chalky fat substitutes or bulking agents to spoil the flavor.
Their frozen dessert tastes like the real thing. It contains only three percent fat
versus sixteen to twenty two percent fat for super premium brands like hoggendaz.
So in other words, you can still have that great taste of real smooth creamy delicious
ice cream without all the fat and the crap and all of the garbage in there and have
yourself just to wait a little bit time. So enjoy all nine incredible flavors of
Mattis ultimate premium low fat ice cream that's M A T T U S cookies and cream and caramel
crunch and chocolate chocolate cookie and lead in cherries and middle of meringue and
coffee or honey, even in a little sweetened only with honey. Look for Mattis ultimate
premium low fat ice cream in the bright red and gray pints wherever fine ice
creams are sold. Mattis ice cream not associated with hoggendaz.
Don't miss the weekend magazine featuring the latest news information trends and what's
happening this Saturday and Sunday morning right here.
This is Mike Prophy. Senior writer with the hockey news they don't come any better than
your Rogers NYPD Blue. They called it shocking but all they did was throw in a couple of
mild cuss words in a butt shot. You can get that on cable. So we've taken it one step further
in a gritty news show that'll change television forever.
Hey, Buck White pass me those arrest reports.
There you go, take a look. Thanks, doucheball. Hey, Bommi.
From the producers of NYPD Blue, it's NYPD Blomi. The comp show where every scene is riddled
with nonstop gratuitous obscenities. Guarantee. Give me my wallet back. You scum,
sucking whore. Hey, Cops, you're all about your personal
busy. I'm sorry I ever married you. You filthy slut.
Hey, blow me. NYPD Blomi. We're breaking you ground to become the most unpleasant show
on television. Hey, blow me. Hey, blow me. Now you blow me first.
NYPD Blomi. If you don't like it, hey, blow me. NYPD Blomi. Because cables kicking our
ass.
21 till 2 at WI. We just about kicked this thing in the ass today. Not too bad. We're
getting, uh, finally we get over the new year. We'll get all past that. And then we can
go on to like live in a life and finding out just exactly what's going on here. And
everything will come back down and hit the ground. And we can, you know, be like for
real maybe just maybe because 1993, thanks to the new regime here has been like a throwaway
like a living nightmare. And let's hope that we can overcome it. Here's a mobile in St.
Petersburg. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, we have got to do some about the inflexities
refugees coming from New York. Yeah. I mean, we have to desensitize them and actually teach
them how to live like for any of them. Now, I keep telling us how great things are back
home because if it was great back home, they certainly wouldn't be evacuating in the
world that they are. They wouldn't be evacuating in your face. Is that what you're saying?
Yeah. Would you realize what the Hudson River is? The biochemical. Yeah. So let me ask you
something. How long has your index finger been stuck in that left nostril? Not been there.
I'm good. I'm serious. Serious about what? Serious about these. You don't have any new
York Greece. You don't have any New Yorkers over there on a West Coast. Sir, you don't
have any. Sir, he's history. Moron. We have an open line on the green line. 1-800-944-9463.
Let's go to and it's because of him over there that nobody from New York would go there
in the first place. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Yeah. The Japs on yesterday.
Yeah. That was some of his tame or material. Really? Oh, you got to go to the tapes. It was
somewhere else. I'm not going to go through the tapes. That's not my job. I'm not here
to censor the Jazz McKay show. Yeah, but this is unbelievable. If it was something good,
though, I might want to hear it. It was pretty interesting. Yeah. A guy called up,
I don't know, he was having to fight with his wife or something. Yeah. Do you see F a
couple of times on it? No, no. Jazz was telling what he should do. Take her out the dinner.
Yeah. How long for her on the bed? Right. And he higher up. Well, I'll say it the
nice way. He said that he would have to do the oral deed like six times in a row. Yeah.
It was him. You got to hear it. Yeah. I just lost my appetite, pal. Yeah. Okay. He's
talking to the wrong guy. Oh, man. We have an open line today. It's a, see, ever
since I've been a little kid, I've had this aversion to fish, open line a day, seven, five,
one and one on the green lines, one eight hundred nine, four, four, nine, four, six, three.
Don't forget now we got at least a couple of things out of our four stations here in the two
markets. We got four stations, six stations. I'm sorry. Got the expanding like crazy. We got
two FM's and an AM and a partridge and a pair of three hot 105 spending billions and billions
big bucks. Tom joiners starts Monday morning. How one oh five from six to 10. I have a feeling
there aren't three people who listen to the show who have any idea who Tom joiners. They got a
better chance of knowing Wally joiner than Tom joiner or Wally Phillips even. And of course,
Monday also on WSU and Ron and Ron, Ron and Ron. Oh, there we go on WSU and starting Monday
morning. So I'm sure they're going to be billboards and tremendous gigantic full page newspaper
ads. And here at WIOD like I said, we're just kind of sitting back waiting and waiting and
waiting and waiting and waiting. Cutleridge, hello. The actual terminology that jazz
mk youth. Yes, was carpet munching carpet munching. Yeah, like is in one of those nets. What do they call
those things that eat carpeting? A moth. Moth would be good. No, not a moth. There's
like something that gets down on its hands and knees and crawls around a little tiny thing.
Like a moth to a flamer. Right to a flamer. Perhaps. Uh-huh. I just don't know. There are
flamers who get down on their hands and knees and eat things. That is true. Well, I don't
know. I guess the carpet munchies is better than like poople munching. Poople munching, yeah. That
would really be pretty wild. Unless you're having a poople platter like at the mic eye. Well,
if I had ever eaten at the mic eye and for a lot of deal. No, but it had a barriam
and a ma. Okay. Well, I think you get one of those too while you watch that little Hawaiian
show. I'm waiting for the two for one special. Uh-huh. And they send you to a movie at a
theater where they're going to shut the film off in the middle so you can watch a
senior citizen riot. Oh, and there can't be any violence either because I just get my
nipple so hot. Okay. I see it. Oh, we have an open line. It's indeed 7519463 on all
pornographic radio. That's going to be the new format. They got nothing to say. We
say screw them. Okay. They're busy worrying about hot 105 and WSU and the coast and the
coast on the west coast and the coast on the east coast and all this other crap. We're
just taking over here. Okay. We're just going to have a good time. We're going to have
a few laughs and screw everybody else and Adam. Well, me. Here's a mobile in Tampa. Hello.
Yes. Are you doing okay? When are you going to bring a shot of Florida soon? I hope.
Really? No. And the radio show too. Yeah. Cool. I just want to say happy New Year
damn it. Okay. Get a new phone. Well, you know, I'm in a bad area here. I know. And I'm
masturbating. Really? Yeah. Good. Good. See ya later. Well, he sounded like he had
something over the phone. We have an open line. It's in the green line. 1-800-944-944.
It's probably a guy read Howard's book right there. Definitely a guy read Howard's book.
First chapter. That's all about it. So guys listen to Howard show and he's in the
car and he's got the gear shift. There's something stiff in his hand. Let's do
Pompano. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Haven't talked in a while. How you been? Pretty
good. How you been? Pretty good. That's the important thing. Everybody knows how I've
been. How you been? I've been good. Good. I just call the wish. Johnny dark. How you doing?
Johnny? Beautiful shirt. He's wearing his trademark plaid shirt today. Red and
green from Kmart. Beautiful. Same one. Same one. He's been wearing for months. You
know. I just call the wish you're happy new year and the same to you. And can I say
something in favor of our great president? I've been watching to about what? About our
great president. Go right ahead. Well, it just seems like every day you hear that his
ratings popularity ratings are going up. Yeah. And the economy is improving because
the sales are up unemployment is down. You hear this every day? Up and down. Right. Up and down.
Which is what he does best evidently. Listen, I don't care who he sleeps with. I'm mean
either. Oh, who's this is jockstrap. I don't care about that. Exactly. Now when you're
going to get to the top of that ugly. But you know, you keep hearing these douchebags
like Lordass and Mr. Ego and his deviated septum sidekick over there telling us that the
country is going down the tubes. Not if you don't, not if you don't waste your time not
listening to that crap. They don't have to be exposed to it. You don't have to worry about it.
Anyway, I just want to cause kind of people assholes for the new year. Yeah. You know what I'm saying?
And you know, you have an asshole. Okay. Have an asshole. Yeah. And you know, wait a
minute. I want to have a great time, pal. Get out of here. I just want to say this right
now. And I'm really serious about this. I have been on here. I go out on a limb for this
bitch at night. Okay. I mean, I really go out on a limb for my friend, the goddess. I'm
push it like crazy. And I'm really sincere. And I think she ought to get the afternoon. I play
one little asshole in this atom and Randy and Jim this little triumvirate that we got
there at night. They are so possessive like they invented that like they invented the word.
Okay. They got I can go into this computer. I what I have with Randy's voice. I have
brown. That's it. That's the only thing I have. So when we play the promos, I put that in
there to like punctuate. But when we got in here, we got Neil say and we got this.
Randy Rhodes. She is the best thing that's happened to Randy. Oh, in the state in the last
50 years. Or then we got. Okay. So I'll be an asshole. All right. Yeah. And then we got
she's also a foul about the old bitch. And then we got who's a lot of fun. Randy's
infectious. Yeah. Like a disease. Randy's infectious. Like a disease. I want the inside
story on that. It's ridiculous. It is conjuring that image up. Jim with foreskin. Jim
without foreskin is gruesome enough. But with. Oh, man. Grotesque. God almighty. What a
enormous pickle. Look at the size of that pickle, man. I want my porno's nurse ratchet.
Recycotic bitch. I could just keep going on and on and on. They got stuff that goes on too
long for me to even play like entire bits with my voice. But I take one little thing,
one little crappy word like asshole. And right away he's giving me a look like, oh,
well, you know, Randy is so protective of our material. I'm getting like jazz better
by the minute. I'll tell you that. 147 at WIOD and WSUN.
Tonight after Randy Rhodes, it's Don and Mike.
New song radio. Six and.
Who is that? 151 at WIOD. That was interesting. Here's moral gable. Hello.
Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Listen, whatever happened to the player coach concept. I
forget he used to be used in hockey a lot. Player coach. Yeah. Yeah.
Amel Francis. That coach in the team. It was also on the ice. Amel Francis and
Connie Francis. Yeah. And who is that old guy who played that real old guy for the
Bruins years and years ago? I don't know if you'll bear it. No, no. This is way before
that. This is like in the dark ages. The real old crusty guy. I can't think of his name.
Well, they've done it in all sports at some point during the no way. No way. No way.
No way. Well, I have a. Why are we talking about? I have a.
Had burns. Let's take Pat Burns and go for the Leafs. No player. Player coach plus
coup d'tat. I've been listening to your angst over how they're letting IOD go out to
the wash. Yeah. And this is the deal. Instead of all these people calling in with new
lineups and this and that. The whole thing. Hey, let the revenue people say we're
not doing it unless we run it. Absentee boy Gary up in Louisville. What does that do?
You get memos non-specific. That does nothing for you. The leadership's got to come
from within. So if the money crop doesn't show up and says listen, we want to run the
show, then what are they going to do? Sir, can I ask you a question? Yeah. What the
hell are you talking about? What are you saying? Take what language are you speaking?
Take over the station. Take it over. Yeah. Bloodless coup tomorrow would be the perfect
day to take it over because it's not going to be anybody here. The orifice is closing.
I think it to a clock today. I can do it last week before Christmas. We take over
tomorrow. Bloodless coup. There'll be nobody in this guy day building. We just locked the
doors from the inside. Take over. Rearrange the whole place. I would like to go on FM
personally on the coast next door. They're played a bunch of slush. A lot of Michael
Bolton and Gloria Estefan crap over there next door. We can just move right over there.
Man, we got all the car machines right in there. We got CD players just move our ass
right in there. They must. Do they have a computer thing in there? Terminal? You get it up.
I know the music is terminal over the coast. They must have a terminal there. They will
just pick this one up and move it right next door and plug it in. You can up link a
satellite with your board off people. Exactly. No problem at all. You can do it. I
think we're going to do it. I think we're taking over FM. We'll take over Y and F
and the coast tomorrow. Absolutely. Okay. I'm fully forward and I'll contribute to the
defense fund. Yes. Okay. Okay. Thank you Neil. See you. Happy New Year. Same to you.
Here's Davey on the star line. Hello. Bill. Yes, sir. Quick. We've
got to get the material. Okay. Everybody see what I've had. I was 30 first way to
move up break up those bad words on the. What is it? You're breaking up, sir.
You're gone, pal. Well, that was good. We had like two of them going at the same
time with like a little phasing there. I felt like I had rolled up something
inside of a Philly's Blunt or inside something blunt. No seriously. The thing with
the Philly's Blunt, it reminds me so much of like 30 years ago when I was a
punk and in Boston, the big thing was like either sipping beer through a straw
or we used to drink beer by the yard in those long tubes, you know, like they did
way back in the 18th century and whatever now. And they'll you get a buzz real
fast that way and you start puking all over your shoes. And that's fine. Like when
you're like a punk and it's a childish and juvenile. But quite frankly, I don't want
to roll anything up inside of a Philly's Blunt and I don't want to eat by sticking
crap inside my cigar. Here's a mobile in Lakeland. Hello. Hey Neil. Yeah. You mentioned
earlier that that they had tossed around the idea of throwing you throwing you on the
same station as Jim Phillips or Orlando. Yes. Let me tell you that that Jim Phillips
is is a decent. He's just okay. He's not nearly as good as he thinks he is. Yeah. But
if they were to put you on from end to two in Orlando. That's what they wanted to do.
You know, the signal that that station got. It's an FM station. It would kick ass. Yeah. I know it. It's unbelievable.
And that's why I'm not on there because this company doesn't want me to kick ass. This
company is holding me back. They're holding me back. They tie our hands between our legs and
behind our back. And then they say, okay, go out and get us a 20 share and make us a million
dollars. So it's the only show that has any hope on that station. I've listened to
a whole lot of them. And didn't they put that obnoxious Ed Till on that station? Oh my
god. I don't understand it at all. But I sure wish they would do it because you
would be covering from game's build to a cow. You would you would have all the central
floor. You'd be even pick up Tampa. I would cover like a gigantic blanket, man. Yeah.
Exactly. Yeah. I mean, you know, Phillip says it's all the way from the key to
cow. That's a little bit unrealistic. But uh, yeah. It'd be a drain. You know, let's
let's hope they make a resolution for. Let's hope they make a resolution for the end of
here. A resolution. It'll be great. Neil, you have a great new year. Okay. Take care.
And I'm sucking around now trying to make up for what he said before.
Woof.
I'll miss you so far.
I'll be in the sky.
I'll get a smile.
I'll miss Miguel Dioz.
Squirt, Squirt.
South Florida's News Talk and Entertainment Station
News Talk Radio's 610-W-I-O-D by Emmy Fort Lauderdale.
