News talk radio 620 WSUN.
Finally, entertaining AM radio.
Not the same old talk.
It's the neoloture show.
You can talk to Neal Live by calling toll free 1-800-944-9463.
That's 1-800-944-9463.
The opinions expressed are not necessarily those of the staff, management or advertisers.
Of News talk radio 620 WSUN.
We have to go over his head behind his back.
We have to call up little Bob Neal in Atlanta to get anything that we need that we want that we would enjoy.
We have to go someplace else because we have a program director who just won't do it for us.
What is that that you're taking out of here?
There's a puddle on it.
There's a puddle on our pie.
Now wet my pants.
Thanks to Flores again for making our good Friday so good.
Did they bring macaroni and cheese by any chance?
I bet they have macaroni and cheese.
In fact, I like macaroni and cheese.
There's a broccoli and cheese pizza which is almost macaroni and cheese.
And what else we got?
We got a whole bunch of crap.
So anyway, Wayne Arnold has called and said that he would donate $200 if we take up a fund.
Which would be pretty damn embarrassing.
That we have to take up a collection so we can afford for a multi-billion dollar company to schlep over to Tampa to do a show a few days while they're revamping the studios here.
Wouldn't that be the epitome of humiliation and embarrassment that Neal has to go on the year and take up a collection?
To raise $6,000 so Randy and Rick and Suds and Neal can go to Tampa and have a good meal or two and stay at a decent hotel and do their show over there a couple of days?
That to me would be the epitome of humiliation and embarrassment, but again I know nothing.
Okay, because Boigiri has no humiliation level.
Did I say that?
You don't have to.
We have an open line in Proud.
We're eating by the way so don't bother us.
We're eating now.
And by the way, I do want to mention that traffic patrol, metro traffic holes, whatever the name is at 7 o'clock this morning and he tells me also missed.
These are the same people who put out the memo that said we will never, never, never, never, never, never, never miss another traffic report on WIOD.
See, we missed a call on WIOD because their whole existence, their lives, their listeners, their whole aura over there is dependent upon us putting that bogus traffic on the year.
So they missed a 7 o'clock and now at 11 o'clock poor Jackie sitting there and we're waiting and we're waiting and we're playing that stupid obnoxious sounder that sounds like Star Trek on a bad day and there's nobody there.
That's the one.
And thank God I'm playing because at least it feels that embarrassing empty gap and there's like something there.
And quite frankly the soap opera music is an improvement over the usual traffic.
They're not there.
Kill it.
So anyway we got $200.
I'll tell you while Wayne just sent me over the $200.
Okay I'll make good use of it at the track tonight.
Just a joke Wayne. It's just a joke because he would do it. That's the kind of guy Wayne is. Easy easy.
Okay here's a lady in Tampa who's been waiting and eternally long amount of time.
Neil. Hi.
It's a boy in Tampa.
It's a what?
A young boy in Tampa.
A young boy in Tampa?
Yeah. I'm not a girl.
Well you sound like a girl. That's because you were a young boy.
Yeah.
And all young boys sound like girls so don't feel bad about it.
Okay.
I mean look at Andy in our newsroom he's an old boy and he still sounds like a girl.
Anyways.
And tomorrow I'm going to my first lightning game.
Great.
And against the black hawks.
Oh we need your help again.
How come all these other teams are playing the scrub teams, the black hawks and the red wings are playing you guys.
And we're playing Winnipeg and team who's Salami.
I don't know.
Who did I'm a black hawk?
Who's the main guy?
Jeremy Ronik.
Okay.
Is one of their main guys.
And then they got that Ed Beheal for Bail for written a goal whatever his name is.
And about good Friday.
Yeah.
I was my friend's Catholic and he also happens to be an altered boy.
He's an altered boy?
Yeah.
And I had to go to church or something one time.
Yeah.
And the station is across.
They just walk around with all the different kinds of crosses.
Uh huh.
And they have like little plaques on the wall.
Yeah.
And like you pray for each different plaque and everything and it's like two hours long.
Yeah.
It's kind of boring actually.
And did the priest do anything clever or cute with him or just the...
No.
Not yet.
No.
He's working up for that.
I sure hope not.
If the priest asks you to go camping with your friend and then tell him you have...
Tell him you're going to a hockey game.
Yeah.
I'm going to a lightening game.
Okay.
Enjoy it.
Okay.
Will you win the game for us please?
We need your help.
If it was not get out there in the ice and win it myself.
Okay.
And Kyle, I like to call every teacher at my school douchebag.
Okay.
Thank you.
See you pal.
Bye-bye.
Well the guy, huh?
And George says it's a lady and tap.
But come on George.
Butch up a little bit.
Will you?
Can't you tell a boy from a girl?
We have an open line in the Broward.
5241 on the 800 line.
And everybody is in here eating frantically just fingering our stuff man.
No you can do it but you're like frantic.
Like you haven't eaten and trust me.
You're not missing any meals.
I can see that.
Man oh man.
She's got a pupa on her.
What do we got here before Terry?
Before playing that spine?
I'm just a playing kind of guy.
Thank you so much.
No not for me.
No meat today.
It's good Friday for crying out loud.
Oh and there's a nice Andy Poffdo.
And Cunolees which please take them out of here.
Take them into the newsroom.
No seriously.
Take them out because I would not eat in that kind of crap.
I'm going to be on my best behavior.
And a nice salad that looks good huh?
Although it's got a lot of it's it yeah I'll think about it.
Okay it's 10 after 11 here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yeah.
Hey did you ever find out who that guy was on the stretch?
The 17th and he stretched heroic guy on the end?
No.
He's a friend of mine.
No get out of here.
I know who he is.
First we had David from the hockey game and now we got a guy who knows the hero of the guy.
He's a friend of yours?
He's a friend of mine.
He's also dating the girl that was to his right.
Really?
Well I have to check her out now.
They're not doing that anymore huh?
They're not doing what?
No they cut it off finally.
They cut it off?
I'm going to the game tonight with another friend of yours.
Yeah.
Do you remember before Orlando a guy named Pat?
Pat from Fat Tuesdays.
From Fat Tuesdays?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh I was thinking.
I wanted a game with him tonight.
Are you kidding me that's Pat the racetrack guy right?
Pat the racetrack guy huh?
Yeah.
I was thinking about Pat the other day.
You were?
Very yes.
Long and hard.
He's a good guy Pat.
Yeah.
Well let's get back to the guy from the aerobic now okay?
Okay.
His name is Ed.
Ed.
That's kind of a boring name for a good looking guy.
Now did you go to school with him or something?
I went to U.M. with him.
You went to U.M.
Did you roam with him?
No.
Do you know anything intimate?
Is he circummissized?
Well I was on the swim team with him.
You were on the swim team?
Oh my god.
Any pictures?
Come on seriously.
Ed is a real healthy looking guy isn't he?
I get your pictures of him and his banana hammock.
And his what?
Don't say it again.
You know the speedo.
Don't say it again, Chiquita.
God almighty this isn't a fruit Friday.
This is good Friday.
Don't talk bananas with us.
Now he's healthy looking as I thought he was from a distance.
Oh yeah.
He is.
He's well-toned and defined and ever.
Oh god Ed.
We love you, Ed but he doesn't listen to the show right?
No I don't think so.
Well why not?
I get him too.
I'll call him up.
Turn him on to it.
I'll bring him to the station if I can.
Are you serious?
I'm serious.
You're going to bring Ed here to this radio station someday?
Oh my god.
I hope I live that long.
You will.
Okay.
All right.
Thanks for the good news.
You made my and have a happy whatever you're celebrating.
All right.
And find out if it's circumcised.
Okay.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
See ya.
I'm Tonya.
This must be our lucky week.
I'm taking $50 million to pop it up tonight and betting it all on Louis Palucci.
That's how confident I feel.
I'm betting it all on Dennis Dormandine and that big trot tonight.
Not.
Here's an open line in date.
Is that your sandwich and what's hanging out of it there?
Sure there's something gross hanging out of your little thing there.
Look at that.
Oh, fat.
Anyway, it's $11.13 on the IOD Network.
The Goddess Randy Rhodes tonight.
7-11 on News Talk Radio 620.
WSUN.
Don't you have a fantasy of what I look like?
Yeah, well, we've got to be better than what I actually look like.
So why do you want to do...
Why do you want to torture yourself?
Why do you want to ruin a good thing that we have?
We've got a good thing going on here, pal.
Brian, my darling, don't you think that we've got a good thing going on here?
Yeah.
So why mess with it?
Well...
I must you know what I look like.
Why is that so important to your daily functions?
Curiastic.
No.
Well, you don't carry out season.
Yeah, I don't.
No, why do you want to push the envelope?
Well, because I feel so jealous because everybody else is seeing you.
Oh, I see.
So you want to run with the pack.
There you go.
You want to be one of the bulls.
Right.
You just want to meld into the crowd.
You want to mold in.
You don't want to be individualistic.
You don't want to have your own style.
Your own say.
Your own beat.
You want to just follow the crowd.
Just follow the leader.
Just get all your ducks in line and be one of them.
Right.
All right.
Well, send me yourself a dressed-and-devil.
All right.
Okay.
All right.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
News talk, Radio 620, WSUN.
It's the Neo-Lodger show.
You can talk to me alive by calling toll-free 1-800-944-9463.
Well, we got a chorus line here that even Morrison's would be impressed by.
Anyway, it's 11-16 at WIOD.
There's an open line in Broward 524.
We have a little contra-tops here about this about our thing.
Oh, there we go.
Here's Dunedin.
Hello.
Dunedin?
Long gone, huh?
A hill.
Yeah.
I'd like to talk about your sales department.
You got a real winner as the sales manager here.
I'll tell you that much.
Here?
Yeah.
What do you mean here?
We have a sales manager in Dunedin.
No, no, no.
I honestly like to send our sales manager to Dunedin.
Whatever it is.
Let me tell you what he said.
He said we got to spend $400,000 a year to pay near Roger's salary.
Right.
Well, what do you charge for a 60-second spot to have my own agency?
What are you talking about?
Well, I'm talking about what a great sales department you are.
Who are you talking about?
Jeff Clark.
You know who you know who he is, right?
What is my salary?
You have to do with Jeff Clark.
I don't know, but that's what he said.
I asked him why the spots were so inexpensive.
So inexpensive?
Yeah, it's $225 for a 60-second spot on your show.
I asked him why it was so inexpensive.
So inexpensive?
Yeah.
What do you mean so inexpensive?
Well, if you look at the other stations and the other markets, they charge a hell of a lot more.
You look at how it's starting to look at the other people.
Of course, this isn't New York.
This is my...
Ami?
Ha-pepper.
Miami.
I know, I know, but still, I mean, you're a show-show.
So what do you want, sir?
Why don't you say something?
You're going to put up around the mall, British,
with you have no idea how much money I make.
You wouldn't know Jeff Clark if he popped up under your desk right now.
What are you talking about?
All right, I probably wouldn't know Jeff Clark,
but then I wouldn't want to know me that much.
Exactly.
I'm sure of that, neither would I.
He's got a personality like a dead mouse.
Well, you know, they only pay you $25.
What?
You get out of here.
Well, you know, they only pay you this.
They only pay you that Mr. Maven.
He's coming on the air to tell everybody how much we're going to do for this.
You're an asshole, sir. You're an idiot.
Okay?
Jeff Clark is a brain surgeon compared to you, and he's a moron.
We have an open line in Broward,
524 and 1 on the Green Line.
Was that Opie's boyfriend or what?
God was that pathetic.
Miami Lakes.
Firenail.
Yes, sir.
First of all, I like to say that Jackie Bales is a goddess.
And that she doesn't have an academic job.
He doesn't have a job, yep.
You know the last guy, do you?
No, no.
Okay.
Hey, I got a great movie scene for you.
Uh-huh.
There's you the movie Lost in America?
No.
With Albert Brooks?
No.
So that movie?
No.
It's great.
I won't give it away for you, sir, but it's a good movie about...
Got a lot of Vegas in it, a lot of gambling, and it's...
You really?
Um...
Um...
You need to be in a great place to go.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah, well...
How many pizzas were in here, George?
Three.
Which I had one slice, and I just stood up here to have another slice of pizza.
I have two slices.
I had one.
I had one.
They're all gone.
You know, this was very, very nice.
This was beautiful, man.
They brought enough here food here to cater the whole goddamn army.
And I had a slice of pizza.
So I just stood up here while you were drawing on with your boring rap, and I...
It's all gone.
Go ahead, sir.
Do you have to remember to keep your fingers in that part?
What a pile of eye-emtonia.
This place, and these are the same people, by the way, George.
Remember how many days ago was that they were all down there hopping up in the cafeteria down there?
You're shoveling food with a goddamn pork lift into their ass.
Yeah.
And did they offer anything to us?
Did they offer us a crumb?
Not one.
Exactly.
Did they offer you any?
Not a bit.
See, there you go.
And they come in here and wipe me out here.
I mean, they're covered, even Mother Hubbard never saw them cover this clean.
I can't get over it.
I can't believe it.
But anyway, what were you saying?
I just want to call Sunnyhurst a Bush League over-efficient jerk.
Oh!
Yeah.
And that must have been Benito Santiago doing an Anglo accent.
We have two open lines.
They're both in dayed, 7-5-1.
So here's the story.
Marlins can aerobic stretch.
One, two, three, kicked.
It says.
Poor Ed.
Ed was just getting to be a star.
You know my good buddy Ed from the swim team?
It says, Scorret traditionalist Juan Richard Simmons zero.
After a brief experiment with the 7th inning stretch that featured a co-ed group of 10 dancers trying to lead the JRS crowd in aerobics.
The Marlins of Candy Act in favor of an old ballpark faithful, the playing of take.
Me out to the...
If a comedian tells a joke in no one laughs, you don't keep telling it over and over again.
Said Dean Jordan, the Marlins vice president of communications.
We watched the crowd reaction for the aerobics and it just wasn't there.
I think somebody reacted to it.
Now what my pants.
The 7th inning stretchers did not perform Wednesday when fans enjoyed that ditty about peanuts and cracker jacks more than aerobics.
The switch became permanent.
The stretchers were a group of mascot John Routh's more athletic friends.
Oh, John Routh knows them.
Well, I want you to keep in mind, John.
The reason you're here is because I told John Ron Praiser years ago at the college world series in Omaha,
but we were playing South Carolina.
John Routh used to be cocky, the mascot of the South Carolina game cocks.
How do you like that?
And he was great.
And I said to Ron, you ought to get this guy and bring him back for the hurricane.
He's the best.
And he did.
And that's why he is here.
So keep that in mind, John.
The only reason you're here making all the big bucks and sweating your ass off in that grotesque.
Billy the Marlin thing is because of me.
And he knows it.
Routh, the man inside Billy the Marlin, might incorporate some of the former stretchers into his fifth inning act.
Please, at least Ed.
The Marlins did not originate the aerobics idea.
Toronto is used it with success.
The Marlins figured that combining the Gloria Estef on anthem, get on your feet with the natural break in the action will provide a perfect aerobics mix.
It did not.
And by the way, on the bottom, however, facts me this information says, Joey Reynolds blows with a whole bunch of H's and exclamation points and a man.
To that on good Friday.
So that was very nice, by the way.
There was a whole broccoli pie, which I never saw, which somebody inhaled.
There was a whole plain cheese and what was the other one?
Broccoli cheese, pepperoni and mushroom.
Pepperoni and washroom, which I didn't want.
But just one more slice, plain.
It would have been nice.
You know, just another slice.
That would have been one slice of this.
That's my lunch.
I don't want this over here.
Maybe a little olive slice.
God, what a bunch of hosers, man.
You know what that would be like?
That would be like going into somebody's home.
Seriously, your guests inside, these people aren't even guests.
They just come barging in here.
You going to somebody's house that you know, or maybe you don't even know.
And they're like bringing dinner out.
You know, she's bringing all the stuff out, putting it on the table.
And she goes back in the kitchen and comes out and you're eating all the food and say, okay, say, uh, have a nice day.
Happy Easter.
That was the, I thought we had seen.
I want you, everybody who keeps track of the show.
I want you to write it in your diarrhea.
I want you to put it right down.
What it's all about, okay?
And then this hour, we get a guy from Dunedin Calling in here who was going to buy lots of spots,
a lot of time on this radio station, who probably is Jeff Clark's boyfriend,
giving us a song and a dance about how he thinks I make this.
I got news for you, pal.
You're not even close.
It's 1124 on the IOD Network.
You can hear Bob Lasseter weekday morning 6-10 on News Talk Radio 620 WSUN.
It's Rick and SUDs today, 2-6 on News Talk Radio 620 WSUN.
Have you ever turned on the radio and said, that song makes me sick?
Well, now, K-O-Packade Records presents songs that make you want to throw up.
I got a head case of feeling you.
I'll stay with you, I'll be with you.
First words, I'm songs that make you want to throw up.
You get stink.
It's fireful, who's not long on you.
I can sleep far from.
And who could forget the classic?
Puk, puke, puke, puke and hurl.
Puk, puke, puke, puke and hurl.
Puk, puke, puke and hurl.
Puk, puke, puke.
You know you make me want to buy.
This is my grocery.
Buy all my chow now.
Buy all my cookies.
Buy all my new stuff.
Buy all my new stuff.
Buy all my new stuff.
You can do the puke.
Buy all my new stuff.
It's a song that make you want to throw up.
You make me buy all my new stuff.
So no, Jersey, Zellapookin gets two goals for the, uh, uh, what the hell are they?
New Jersey Devils.
What a horrible name that is.
That's almost as bad as the, uh, mighty ducks and the panthers.
There you have it.
Zellapookin and the Ranger fans are pukin.
Forget it, Mercy.
It's all gone.
It's all gone.
They came in here and they cleaned it out.
I'm gonna, I'm gonna get up out of this damn chair.
And, uh, just, uh, this is the most, uh, you're right, George.
This is the most amazing tank job that we've ever had done in the history.
I've been here for 1,500 years.
We've had 50,000 pounds of food brought in here.
For us, for me and George, not for everybody else, which we share gladly, gladly.
But, uh, here's an empty, not even a crust, not a crust.
Here's an 1 empty pizza box, which they brought in three big flora pies.
Here's an empty box.
Okay?
Here.
Oh, I'm dropping it out of a plane.
Do you hear that?
I believe it.
Oh, it just hit the water.
Here is an empty plastic thing.
Here.
There's another empty plastic thing.
Here's some parmesan cheese.
Here's some salad dressing for salads, which are no longer here.
Here are some soup containers for soup, which is no longer.
Here is a bag, which I thought maybe they were like some rolls or an empty bag,
with some more some plastic stuff in it, forks and boomed and stuff.
There isn't a crumb.
What time did they come in here?
Ten after.
Ten after.
Twenty minutes and 36 goddamn seconds ago.
And there isn't a crumb on this table.
Not a crumb.
This is the all time as they say in Canada record.
And why do they say that?
Because they're constipated because their roots are in Britain.
Record.
I have never in my life seen an even Gary Mills, my close personal friend from accounting.
No, when you laugh, the only reason he got that and he passed away, I would have eaten that,
but it's just loaded with anchovies and I didn't want that anyway.
I just want another piece of pizza.
I wanted two pieces of pizza, it would have been a nice lunch.
You know, right?
That's a nice lunch.
That's okay.
Not one.
Two.
And two of the boxes, by the way, are mysteriously missing.
The only thing I said, take out of here was the canolies.
I said to Terry, take the canolies out of here and take them in the, because I don't want to eat that.
It's like, send my blood sugar up to 50,000. They're delicious, but I don't want that.
So please, good amount of here. Thank you.
And she did.
And thanks, by the way, to Terry, who put a slice of pizza on a little paper plate.
Or I would have had, you know, something that would have been, that would have been the capper.
We almost had a perfect shot out there.
Even Jose Guzman never came so close to perfection.
As we almost, no, seriously, you're laughing, but it's true.
If she wouldn't have just reached over and done that for me and handed me that one slice of plain pizza,
I would have had nothing.
That would be like, that would be like my mother working over a hot stove all day on Thanksgiving day,
preparing a gigantic meal and turkey and yams and stuffing and matsu balls and whatever.
And she puts it out there on the table and all the snores come in and they hop it up and she walks out of the kitchen and there's an empty table there.
I mean, absolutely. And good Friday, no less.
On good Friday, no less. I feel a little bit cross now. I'll tell you that.
I mean, that nailed it for me right there.
That was the most disgusting, the most obnoxious.
I hope that everybody in this building is Gazuntan Pupik and we all happy now, okay?
I hope you're real satisfied with your barbaric protest behavior, you animals, you assholes, you idiots, you.
Yeah. God. And now when you, people see me, gee, you look, you know, keeping the weight off of you.
Of course, I'm keeping the weight off. I can't get to eat a goddamn thing.
Keeping the weight off, it's not by choice.
One day I got Al Goldstein and he ate enough of my food.
We get pizza chef rings in 50 pies, he eats 49 and a half of them plus a partridge in a pear tree.
Everything that's not nailed down, he ate it.
God. Here's Lakeland. Hello.
Oh, Lakeland.
That's what it says here.
Oh, he's crazy. This is Skyler. I'm not at Lakeland.
Yes, you are, Skyler. You ought to be.
He doesn't know he's busy trying to salvage some food here.
God, all right.
We'd left you some crumbs, but there aren't any.
I'm sick of that dog today.
Really? You're not coming in this weekend?
No, it's, uh...
Must have been that show last week, I heard it.
I think we're going to have George fill in, yeah.
Hmm.
Hey, obviously, I just called to ask George a simple question.
I got put on hold for him.
That's what happened. And I'm going to tell you it's a good thing he did that or he would have got shut out too.
I would have hung up on him two seconds.
You have never in your life. I'm serious.
You have never seen, heard, witnessed, heard about.
I mean, you would have thought that these people were locked up in Auschwitz for 20 years,
and they just got let out and were allowed, and somebody whispered food, food,
and they just all came running in here and just went out of their minds.
Well, maybe a lot of them are closet French and Canadian.
You might be.
Not that, yeah. Good be. Cause it's pointy.
Closet snores. Closet causers, I think, is the word we're looking for.
Cosser, as in pig, as in...
I would have tried to repeat that word, but I'm afraid it might come spewing out of my mouth.
No, be good for it. Get it out of your system.
Get it out of your system. Get a gigantic flimball.
Right.
Giant watt of skewed up.
So are you in the guitar man? Could have do another duet this week?
Not this week, but sometimes so.
Sometimes in the future.
Sometimes in the near future.
But not in the near future.
Well, no, the last Sunday of this month.
Oh.
So that's April 28th, I think.
So mark it on your calendar.
Uh-huh.
And did you use the baseball cuts I sent you this week?
No, I haven't heard of you yet.
You haven't even heard of you yet.
George said he didn't understand them because he doesn't know anything about baseball.
Oh, wow, that's very timely.
We'll cut them up for next week.
Cut them up. Cut them up.
Okay. I just want to make sure because I don't want to...
Are you really sick or are you just putting this on your head?
The show is so bad.
How come they won't call you?
Is there some reason for that?
Uh, I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
We're following Joey.
Yeah.
By the way, congratulations for hanging up on that rot-infested old bitch Ruth that call.
I heard that because almost everybody called said, boy, you got a tough act to follow.
And then she called and said you got a tough act to follow.
Only she meant it.
Oh, that Joey is so wonderful.
It's tough to come on and to top him.
Yeah.
And you, Slant, I was cheering in the car.
I gave you a sitting ovation.
I did.
It was beautiful.
Yeah.
Well, I don't know why.
I don't know why they don't call.
But I get a lot of people saying, you know, I never tuned my radio on on Sunday afternoon before.
Yeah.
So, uh, I won't ever do it again.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
No, you're, it's going to take a while to work your way into this, you know.
I've got that promo.
How are they running a promo for my show yet?
No.
Oh, good.
Well, I'm glad I came in and cut one once tonight, then.
That's how I got the promo.
I came in and cut one.
Yeah.
It's still lingering, by the way.
Well, yeah.
Well, maybe that'll do me some good.
Probably from the flu.
Well, get it out of your system and have a great show.
So Jim Skyler, this Sunday, two to six.
Yes.
No, no, not two to six.
This Sunday, four to six after the very prestigious UMFSU game.
At least that game will have an audience anyway, Jim.
Good.
Yeah, well, that'll be a switch.
Yeah.
All right, thanks, Amelia.
And at least you're not on right after Joey.
So, like I said, the UM baseball audience will be like 50 times whatever his is.
Good.
Okay.
Okay.
So, yeah.
Take care of yourself.
Yeah.
Bye-bye.
Jim Skyler, the star, almost at the weekend here.
He's just a coming along.
We have an open line on the green line.
And, boy, I feel like I haven't eaten lunch at all, you know what?
Ha-ha-ha!
Yeah.
Good.
I feel like an idiot.
Oh, you know what it is?
It's RF.
That's why I'm hearing stuff.
Not a lot.
Don't even say it because then they'll come in here and start playing with stuff.
It's just a little tiny bit of RF.
I like it as a matter of fact.
Tamarack.
Tamarack.
Oh, hold on Tamarack.
They're poaching around and I'm late anyway.
1137 on the IOT network.
You can wake up with Bob Lassiter every week.
Staying in the IOT network.
Staying in the IOT network.
Staying in the IOT network.
Staying in the IOT network.
Staying in the IOT network.
Staying in the IOT network.
Staying in the IOT network.
Staying in the IOT network.
Staying in the IOT network.
Staying in the IOT network.
Staying in the IOT network.
Staying in the IOT network.
Staying in the IOT network.
Staying in the IOT network.
Staying in the IOT network.
Staying in the IOT network.
Staying in the IOT network.
Staying in the IOT network.
What is what is wrong with the way that I talk, ma'am?
You have frequent use of four letters words over the A.
Like what?
Well, I'm not going to say them over the telephone.
You mean like Dan?
Usually I start with the ears that a person who has happy
advantage of higher education does not find it necessary
to resort to four letter words.
Well, I know high school dropout.
I have not had the advantage of higher education.
I'm a high school dropout.
Hello.
News talk radio 620 WSUN.
It's the Neil Roger show.
Oh, Neil, my queen.
God.
I think smelly in my house is not my cat.
It's not a mouse.
I ate food, gave me gas.
Now it's coming from my attic.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
B Libya reached Ringsong Okay.
This video photo photoshoot was presented by Kristina Ronainted in Completion's
lassen тест.
The lighter though We have pie.
Aero Davis trail Lashe, kırst broken back the day ...
What do we do about this aberrant, I mean that's it.
That's my lunch.
It's slight of pizza as somebody in Lakeland I know what to say.
And I don't mean Jim Scholar.
Tamarack.
Tamarack.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes.
Oh, how do you pay for?
And the same to you, sir.
We said cottage for the range of the few weeks ago.
I'm looking forward to the new Florida team.
Uh-huh.
The Florida fleet.
I don't know what they'll call them.
Me and Young Daughter are painting the room today enjoying your show.
Your show reminds me to show you what you were saying.
Something about dare to be mediocre.
Did you read about Glent Turner's getting back in business?
No.
He was in the paper the other day.
He's out of prison.
Off probation.
It's a technicality that's lured.
He's doing a big business for Easter with his hair.
Lip.
Here.
Um, other than that, we're enjoying your show.
We're paying.
Anyway, we see.
OK.
We have an open line at Broward.
5, 2, 4, other than that.
When they say other than that, then they're out of material.
And he was before we started.
Go paint this.
Paint your bald spot.
Tampa Bay.
Hello?
Nia.
How's it going today?
Great.
A little boy wants to say something to you real quick.
Uh-huh.
He'll say.
He'll say.
He'll say.
He'll say.
He'll say.
He'll say.
He'll say.
He'll say.
He'll say.
He'll say.
He'll say.
He'll say.
He'll say.
He'll say.
All right.
You're dreaming.
No, no.
I'm not.
DonateELLO is a spectacular, sir.
Hey, do you ever miss it up there at the TV Downs in Buffalo raceway?
I talked to you a few months ago about that.
Do I ever miss it?
No, I don't miss it.
I tell you.
You did a great job when you were up in that area.
They miss you.
What?
I did a great job of what?
I did a nice job at the track with Stanley Baron.
uh...
have a real life pal
he's a related to the guy from donnyton to we have an open line allegedly and
donny donny donny donnyton open line in the green lines
well that what is who are these people anyway
just feeding back the same way exactly that's what i'm hearing on the phone
today is radio grips
highly a garden sell
nice talking to you he was like the guy remember the guy that was uh...
reading stuff back off a tape
about harness racing all those names that's what this other guy was like
the nice job up there uh... with Stanley barren
sir you would know stand bearing
from uh... the cleveland barrens okay
give me a break already and stop feeding back uh... old the garbage get a
life somewhere
mimey on the starline
a new heart
uh... could it be coincidence or
some
act from the public at the mall and they're gonna play the padriss
the padriss on good friday boy what and what if that isn't an oldman
unreal
yeah
uh... fat rich welcome he drives right in a piece of crap are at court
if you've got a little bit of the ability to be nothing
because uh... he's got a shoehorn that's how they stick his ass in there that's
why he's got the big bucks
he's got eighty five cars but they're all cheap
uh... what what is this today everybody's like in the way uh... they're all
we got like a little diary they're already a book
you've got a song and it ends about fat rich in the car he drives the other
guy's concerned about how much money i make and how much talent that i get
for spot how much of it the sale department rips off what is this
i don't know if this life list good friday people who have no life
could be that new
it could be and i think it is in your case
boy what a succession of losers man all the good people are in church right
now right
open line on the starline
at star i would be
i am psych it's not bad enough that we have to take up a collection so we can go
to tap
and let me say it again i'm going that week even if i just go on my own
i'm not doing those showing a broom closet
and see the problem here being
like i said before
randy in a heartbeat chilled she'll go along with it she'll scream she'll yell
even the first time she carried on to such a degree that i went to bat and
bob niel and i stopped on his head and we all got to go
but rick ryley do you think that he's gonna but he's gonna make a peep
do you think that he's gonna protest do you think that he's gonna it just like
that meeting we had
and i go in there and randy had to leave and go out on the year so it's me and
rick and suds and chuck and uh... this
and you know i'm i'm saying my peace
and he's he's doing all well uh... you know boy gerry's always been very
supportive for me and any time i have it i mean i have never seen such suction
in my life i thought the damn walls were going to cave in in that room
you go into a situation and he needs support from somebody and all they do is
suck around and quite frankly with his talent
okay here's a highly of garden hello
hello yes sir
and you have a great
uh... that listen up first of all i got a shameless request yes it's my birthday
today really can you play me the tune
can i play it for you
i'll think about it
uh... thanks a lot well now
uh... i got a guy in uh... four mires i think he's a real world class
douche bag yeah
is a real asshole his name is Santiago Sarato
i beg your pardon
that's the hour what is our date of
is our date of
in that world class sounds like it
that
now uh... over here
how old are you today sir
and what that
how old are you doing twenty years old
twenty years old today
yep
oh my god and you still can't go out and buy a beer
and that's a thing
what a pile of crap
yeah you i can go and die from my country and i can drink
isn't that something
uh... well uh... remember a couple of weeks ago you were talking about pizza
yeah
uh... you had a guy from brinnell pizza now you really know how to hurt a guy
when he's down man
ha ha ha
i'm sorry
uh...
well i got from brooklyn called you up and uh... he said uh...
he said some pretty nasty things about uh... pizza left
yeah
and uh... i think he's a douche bag also his name is viny
yeah
he's right next to me
call him a douche bag will you?
yeah
asshole i think is more appropriate in viny's
haha
happy birthday pal
all right thanks a lot now
tell viny to get a life
all right and go tie one on
all right thanks to ya
back
we have an open line indeed
seven five one and it's lifeless friday it's good friday but everybody's
searching for a life and identity they have to search in for a damn slice of
pizza
i just i still ice it's like one of those things were it happened but you can't
you just
your mind is blocking it out
and you just can't absorb the fact that it really happened kind of like the
tetherace monday night at poppano park by the way you know now that they're
playing a take me out to the ballgame
at your robby stadium
wouldn't be appropriate if we play instead of the national anthem before the
racers started poppano park we play three blind mice in
honor the judges up there
scene a we've all here no we've all and totally oblivious and screw the
public and don't confuse us we saw nothing wrong we've never seen anything
wrong
you think they have their own little private window up there
uh...
who's punching out those tickets up there
it's eleven forty nine
on the i.o.d network
randy roads is here tonight seven to eleven on news talk radio six twenty
w.s. u.n.
uh... some believable i actually went out to that i would broadwalk one night
and it's like a little cafe down there and i don't know what the hell the name of
it is
but uh... there's like this little old uh... french pasty woman in there
i don't even think she's french man i think she's like from my mobile
alabama
scat the worst frinch act and ever heard of my whole life and she's over forty
with a large march
breath
uh... i mean really big chest
with a two shirt on
yes with a two top on
i'll give it a red
nobody over the edge of portish where one of those that you tell them
she's like singing in french
all we are saying
it's a piece of
and all these old french ones they don't know this because she's massacring
fetal so she's massacring
franks and that's what they're trying to sing along and i don't know
i feel partially responsible for bringing them down
i guess that we are like this like go through their luggage when they get to the
border something like that and just make sure they have no flush color
so we don't want to ask
new talk radio six twenty
w s u and it's the neo-lager show
trooper crying out loud i think i want to talk about it on here right now
it's uh...
and by the way how steep perist doing
now he will come back in her house perist anybody seen him
he's out of the track right now he's out there at the track right now
well guess what's more on
uh... if they were paying like fifty cents
you got to try to do a job for somebody not just not just go through the
motions because our sales hole mister paris is busy at the track again today
to try to make it a good friday for all
here's the plantation hello
plantation hello yes sir oh hell we have how they're going okay i have a uh...
they complain about your station yes it happens eleven forty nine every day
eleven forty nine that got it damned weather commercial
oh it's the promo oh my god it sounds like something i wrote in high school
it sounds like so exactly like a
it's often like a bad high school radio station and i don't mean w k p x
they wouldn't put it on
like a janitor hour piece of crap all it is garbage and what i understand also
is why not put up like a randy roads problem and would not be more of a
this is the only major market radio station i know of that plays
promos on the year for its news weather and traffic i really mean that i don't
any other radio station in america the major market that plays promos in
i mean it's just recycling the same audience the people are already listening
no
unfortunately they know how bad the traffic reports are and how the weather is
usually wrong even though so far as a good guy and it's on tape half of the day
they know all of that already all all this is a slap in the face to the
audience because we got all these spots we got a ton of business and the
breaks are too damn long anyway so it just makes the break another minute
longer and not only that but there's sixty damn seconds long
whoever heard of a sixty second promo well personally i do listen for the
weather that's the only reason i'm listening is for those great weather reports
need to but i mean the other thing is actually the ones that are on tape
they started in the middle because somebody forgot to re-cure the cart
went over the cloudy and they uh... high yeah that's my favorite
yeah and they're promoting something like those weather the the forecastly
suck i mean you know i might as well just pull something out of my ass
yeah and i mean they decide well that's where they got them
i'm totally exasperated with that garbage yeah i mean i wish i just wanted to say
that's another boy giri is missing the same man who will not uh... come up with
a few thousand dollars to settle his high-price
uh... talent to tamper and i got news for you we're gonna go if i have to you
know we got about a month to figure this out and if i have to brainstormed again
if i have to call botnell in Atlanta and threaten to blow somebody's brains out
uh... we're going well if you start up a collection of contribute okay
all right how's that thanks i think i think there you go
way in our old got two hundred just waiting in this guy's got a buck or two how do
you like that
and i wouldn't be surprised if louis pelucci kicks a few bucks in
and run waples
there's an open line on the starline at star i would be here's a girl in bokeh
hello
i want to say hi i think i think i think i'm gonna say hi
like i said the kids are home from school and don't put any of them on the
year please
my amy hello
hello yeah like i said the kids are home from school and they're all calling
uncle neil today okay
go find take up a hobby take up knitting go play badminton go uh... scuba diving
at the bottom of the pool for a couple of hours with no mask and no air
just get out of our face
here's my me beach on the starline
neil yeah i don't think okay i was just thinking uh
how you got chipped on your one piece of pie today they're coming back
floris is coming back really well i was thinking last week you remember you went
downstairs to get some uh... predatory something
yeah and uh... everyone is downstairs they were having a gigantic party down
there you know for me a crumb they didn't offer me the sweat off of their
butt that's what they offered me nothing
is that one just daily there yeah we have a bunch of selfish
introspective but holes here who all they care about is if they got theirs if they
got theirs they don't have very good memories i don't know they have bad
memories you ought to see them all right me i just wanted to you know and
answer memory of that next time they come up and uh... next time they come up
here the cupboard will be barrister if we have to flush the damp food down the
toilet or throw it out of a plane with rick riley and i'm ready to contribute
okay get you over the tampa do you know you need a little break every now and then
reach in your pocket and feel the change
i have a great day okay noisy phone
i think he was in a plane getting ready to drop that phone out don't you it sounded
like it to me sounded like it was about i think that plane from thirty seven
thousand feet is dropping at i can hear it hit in the water right now
wow at a boy rick
and i guarantee you my hand of the sky on this very uh... blessed day whatever the
hell it is i guarantee you that there will be these lemmings the little
usica fans who will call in this afternoon and say
all that nearly such a spoils brought we know was real rick don't they pay the
attention to him
open line and broard five two four and one on the greeny lines and one eight hundred
nine four four w i o d a mobile in the keys
i'm coming up from the keys all right on that there are a lot of things coming up
in the key
eight good article today in the paper about that bonito
any how he does it on his knees he does it on his knees it's great i went in the
other interesting part of it is been a to being uh... roman catholic probably is
uh... doing it the way he's supposed to write the picture has to watch out he has
no signal he just does it from his knees yeah he almost took the pictures head off
the other night
why he we learn his lessons well because when he was a young boy they told him
first you get down on your knees that's what they told him
now i have i have to do some aim location
yes there is a car you have with just one simple little part that's all that
on there you could get that out i think we've got a problem with it if we get it
out yeah if you
okay now
but can you slow it down no
well i'm not sure if i can you'll fart or not
i i think that's mechanically reproduced
yeah i think i do you that or somebody's mouth
uh-huh i don't think it's a real one well how about if we dropped it from a plane i think we
how about if we farted out of a plane at 15,000 feet and uh... wait to see the gas hit the water
yeah now we can talk another hour or two about this really
oh yeah how about those a double and how about these wait a minute
how about these wait a minute
obviously that mechanically reproduced that some airbag
that's an airbag that's not a real fart
yeah i think you've got a good topic for us to back to do four hours on farting on Monday
new stock radio six twenty w su n
saying Petersburg Tampa clear water finally entertaining a m radio not the same old talk
new talk radio six twenty w su n finally entertaining a m radio not the same old talk
it's the neo-lager show you can talk to neo-live by calling toll free
one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three that's one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three
the opinions expressed are not necessarily those of the staff, management, or advertisers
of new talk radio six twenty w su n
uh...
the
十
coast
Will they curse my name?
If I parted in heaven,
Would I stand the shame?
If I parted in heaven,
Would the wrong cheese smell?
Send me straight to hell,
Or can anybody smell?
Up in heaven?
Does gas act the same?
Does it linger in heaven?
Would you be ashamed?
I let my pants
Support my finger in heaven
I'll know these things
When the flat lady sings
Y'all
Cause I'll be the warm, brave
Hail God
Cheers to heaven
Cause I know I'll be the warm, brave
Cheers to heaven
Aren't you slightly aggravated by people who are extraordinarily good looking to the part where they're like, you know what I mean?
Where they're like that wriggly smile with the white teeth and just are almost like perfect?
And you just know that they think that they're shot don't stink and that they never fart, they never sneeze, they never do anything like, you know, filthy.
And it's nausea, cause what do they do?
What do they do to deserve that?
They just got lucky jeans, man, or lucky charms, one or the other?
Hey, you know something that would be a great business for us to go into, lucky jeans.
You can look perfect too, you can have that perfect wriggly smile just be born with lucky jeans or wear them.
So anyway, Rick Raleigh is an idiot.
It's a, well I'm just starting to think more and more about this, about this coming, cause Bob Green was just in here, and ordinarily, ordinarily he would immediately say, sure no problem, we'll work it out.
And I said, what are we going to Tampa?
And he like pretended he didn't hear me, well, you know, he kind of hemmed in hot, which is not that usual, Bob Green, nothing, you know what I'm saying?
He hemmed and he hot.
Now Jeff, Mr. Ponytail is already volunteered to like sponsor our little trip to Tampa, or we can tap a brought to you by Pizza Loft.
How do you like that?
And Donna Tellos, maybe we could have Jeff and Guido put their heads together and work this thing out, huh?
We'll work it out, we have a month to get this thing done, we're going, okay, I'm putting my foot down, I'm putting my ass down, we're going.
We're not going to do our show on this important radio stage, now there's some kind of a broom closet, with some kind of a makeshift operation,
where we can go over there and really have a good time, and play a little grab ass and have some good meals and enjoy ourselves, and take a little break, cause we deserve a break today, isn't that what we say?
Here's a lady in Boca.
Hi, I'm Conea, how you doing?
How you doing? Great. Happy, uh, egg.
Which came first?
Yeah. Which came first, Passover or the egg?
I don't know.
Just a few things, first thing is, do you hear about the toddler falling out of the window in Detroit?
No.
Oh, no!
Nothing happened, really serious, because they get a few injuries, but not really many.
Well, what was on the first floor?
Second floor.
Second floor?
Yeah. Well, that's no fun.
Yeah, that's true, and...
I wonder if Rick and Sets are going to have a tape of that of the kid hitting the ground.
Is it live or memorized?
Yeah.
And the other thing is, is that...
It's just going to go sploosh, sploosh like that.
Thank you, sir.
Here's floor is back again to take care of me.
Thank you so much, and nobody's going to get anywhere near that.
That's all right.
See that? They take good care of us.
We don't monkey around.
You just try that again, you idiots in this building.
You keep taking and taking and taking.
We'll still have our own stuff in here, so there.
That's right.
Right? Right.
We told them.
Okay.
The other?
Oh, wait a minute. Look at this. Here's a fact.
And guess who just brought it to me?
Boy, Gary takes this off the facts machine.
Top secret.
Gary Bruce paid $5,000 to fly in Stevens and Nudnik and their parents,
and put them up in a five-star hotel for the week Randy was gone and destroyed her numbers.
Shame he can't spend $1,000 on Neil Rogers.
Oh!
Isn't that nice?
That sounds like a crock, a shot to me.
Yeah, well that's because I'm making like $20 million a year and they can't afford it.
Yeah, well you're worth it, right?
You can always keep spots for running.
The other thing is the Dennis Leary song that you play a lot.
Yeah.
Did you see the TV special he had on Showtime?
No.
The very first thing when he comes out, he sings the song. It's great.
You mean...
Yes, that one!
You mean that one?
Yeah, that's one of my favorites.
Well I might just be playing that in a second since the machine now.
And since it fits so perfectly today for like Steve Peris and Goy, Gary.
And also for the Camping tequila animals that are a bunch of douchebags.
Okay.
Thank you.
Have a great weekend.
Me too.
Bye-bye.
I got a headache from this place again.
Second day in a row, you know what I got a headache from here.
We have an open line in Broward.
The audience has been right on top of it today. They're doing it.
They are doing it.
All those little bratty kids who are out of school today are doing it too, probably with each other.
12 minutes after noon on the IOD Network.
Be sure to join Rick and Sons today. Two to six on NewsTalk Radio 620, WSUN.
Well you know what, wait till stands for?
We ain't coming out.
Okay.
Yeah, you know, I think Dad would get Michael Bolt in there.
You know, he's asking me.
I have him start singing, man.
No, just come one out.
And if they don't, use him as a shield.
Be sure to join Rick and Sons today. Two to six on NewsTalk Radio 620, WSUN.
NewsTalk Radio 620, WSUN.
It's the Neo-Logers Show.
Oh, 14. I was going to play right now, but I'll have to wait a minute.
Because I think Vick Stofer is going to be calling any second.
Let's see what Steve Peris did for us for Hylia today.
You know what Steve Peris did for us today?
That's what he did for us today.
Give me this headache.
Nothing. Zipity Duda.
Once again.
Oh, no sweat. I'll be here every day.
And of course, I love the way he talks through his teeth.
He just got beat up by Bernie Getson, the subway or something.
Like he knocked a couple of his teeth out.
Oh, man.
Steve, I hope I really hope you're not at the track yet.
Because post-time isn't for 45 minutes yet.
I hope you are somewhere like in your car listening right now.
I mean this as sincerely as anything I've ever said in my entire life.
You are a sales hole, okay?
You are the definitive sales hole.
You are a slip shot.
You just... I mean, here's a guy that goes back there and he writes sliders.
Most people think sliders are the stuff you get at Wayne Arnold's or at Crystal or White Castle.
Sliders are also orders that sales people write that nobody ordered.
They just make them up.
In fact, a guy at Winds used to do that all the time.
He was now in Fort Myers because he got candy at Winds and every place else.
One of the reasons that he got candy was he used to write sliders all the time.
At the beginning of the month when they did their projections for sales,
he would just sit down and write a whole bunch of orders up.
Never talked to anybody to see if they wanted to buy the spots.
He would just write out orders.
Man, this guy was sound like crazy.
And look at that.
See, I was just stalling around until we had the voice of reason on the phone.
Hello, it's me, the voice of reason.
Here it is, the voice of the season.
You are changing the odds.
What do you mean by that?
Well, people are starting to not sit on your picks at Indroul.
Good.
Good choice.
It takes a lot of power to have a voice.
Well, let me say this to you when I don't have a racing form.
And Bob Savage is calling me a bugging hell out of me and destroying my show,
by the way, at the same time with a seven minute hurang.
And he's reading me the selections at the bottom of the program.
And that's not a way to handicraft.
That's an excuseable.
When I see Bob today, I'm going to smack him.
Good.
Step on him.
Anyway, I do have a big fat kiss from Neil.
So what did I have a third in the second race and a nowhere in the first race?
No, you had a second in the first race.
Yeah.
And then in the...
Yeah, that's what I meant.
Second and third, nice.
Today, I've got it nailed, man.
Good.
Slough 5-0 with early fires in the first race.
That is good.
Any more?
Yeah.
Very good.
Six to one in the morning line, but we'll get bet down.
Yeah, first time starter.
And in the...right.
And in the second...well, it's such a crappy feel.
I figure our first timer will win a race by Seattle Slough.
I hope John Cougay is out there to see this cold win.
And I hope John's not riding any using it.
And in the second race, number one, Sarah Unlake with Wigberdo.
Wigberdo is a crazed wild monster beast out here.
He's great.
And Sarah Unlake is 10-1 in the morning line,
but taking a big drop down, and I think
there can handle this mediocre bunch and win it going away.
He might take a big drop.
As a matter of fact, I saw he had 294 speed ratings at Calder
and 6.5 four longs, and he's back, he can do it.
This was a horse that was at one point in his life,
considered to be a derby contender.
He didn't really pan out, but he's a pretty darn nice horse
by a nice Italian called Metal Lake.
This time, I think, he's gone at old chum.
Okay.
So it's going to be number 10, slow 5.0,
and number 1, Sarah Unlake, and Camilla South
will have many smiles after this daily double, I'm sure.
Jellons of dollars.
Yeah.
And I'll see you this weekend.
That'll be good, too.
Thanks, Vic.
Stay out on the tornado.
Okay. Bye-bye.
Flamingo day tomorrow at Tilelea.
Well, I was short and sweet.
He doesn't go on and on and on, and I'm like that damn savage.
Here's St. Petersburg.
80-0.
Yes.
Hey, I went down, saw the lightning play last night.
Man, that's a bad choice.
Man, impressive effort.
I'm by the red wings.
Yeah, that's right.
Uh-huh.
Isaac Minnescott.
He is.
The man is unstoppable.
And he can play hockey, too.
Hey, now, you think we...
See, there's a kind of guy you should hate.
Okay.
Nobody should look that good and also have that much ability.
Okay.
Because he had nothing to do with either one.
You know what I'm saying?
That's all in your jeans.
That's just what you were just talking about.
Right.
We can tell that.
He's just got lucky jeans.
Hey, who's going to win that division?
Chicago.
You think Chicago?
Yeah.
They got two games in hand on Detroit.
And the Leafs are kind of like molding and folding a little bit here at the end.
I mean, you can't win every day.
You know, they're wilting a little bit.
So it'll be Chicago first, Detroit second.
And we'll take three.
There's another wrong with that.
Chicago plays the life, he plays, too.
Like I said, twice?
Twice?
And you know who the Leafs last game of the regular season is on April 15th?
Who's that?
At Chicago.
Oh, is it really?
So we got our work cut out for us.
That'll be a lot of fun.
Hey, I would personally pay for you guys to come over here.
Yeah, would.
Or will.
Well, you know, we'll put it together.
I mean, if I'm first, I'm going to try to embarrass this cheap outfit, this multi-billion dollar outfit,
and to come on up.
And again, they could, for strangers, for a couple of no talented assholes from Los San Diego,
they were willing to fly them in here and pay all their expenses and put them up at a big expensive hotel for a whole week
and their mother and father and all that in the Gatsamish Pahra.
But for us, gee, we can't afford this.
It's a, you know, a few thousand dollars.
So if they can't, if they can't scrape it together, if the sisters can't find the interest on the bottom of their CD,
then we'll put it together ourselves.
All right.
Well, I'll put it together myself, because I know that I'll get no help from a certain afternoon guy.
Why doesn't she win, pay to bring you guys over?
Like I said, they did that the first time.
They're no fools.
Okay.
Hey, can you shameless request?
Can you play Uncle Max?
Sure.
I appreciate it.
See you.
Have a terrific day.
You too.
Bye-bye.
He don't mean have a terrific day, just wants to hear his damn thing.
Exactly.
Just another guy looking for a thing.
I sell a line of jingles.
I travel on the road.
And I have a line of instruments just like Sally.
What a load.
Every day, a new routine.
Another song in that.
Early in the morning.
I mail Neil a bit again.
But when I get that writer's block, the word refused to flow.
I take a trip to Halliday.
Where life is really slow.
I drive into the publics.
And I find some parking room.
And they add to it.
And the crutches turn and holler.
Ha!
Ha!
Mum!
Shag!
Hands with your Uncle Max, my boy.
And his, yes, a sticherel.
And you remember, is the bell that's her thing's old as girl.
And you remember, the Tashman twins, Gerald and your home.
We've all come here to greet you.
And to wish you welcome home.
Me, Marillus, Barillus, Hamilton, Shannon, Spurger, and Gerber, Steyron, Stone.
Moscow's Lupus, Arons and Barons and Primus and Fiemon and Freeman and Hope.
Swallow's swallow, his title, Mom Levin, Mom Levin, Lovinsky, Lovine.
Bummer, her slumber, her makin' some bigot's, his dine with the Y.
His dine with the Y.
Now here's your Uncle South, my boy, with all the family poop.
And here's your cousin, Randy, where their goddamn chick is soup.
Whenever you're on the road, my boy, come back and see us soon.
We'll all be here when you come back to wish you Kaka Moor.
Okay, another Steve Perris production continues just going right in the toilet.
Vicks back again.
The most amazing thing that's ever happened to me at the racetrack just happened.
What is that?
The trainer of Sharon Lake Dan Hurntack, I ran into him in the press box.
And I said, I think you horse has a great shot today.
He said, yeah, so do why, I think you win.
And I said, you know something?
Neil picked him in the daily double.
You know what he said?
Scratch him.
He's gone.
Scratch, gone out.
So you don't have a horse in the second meal.
He was scratched as of when?
As a five minute ago.
Why?
I don't know.
Maybe he's shy.
I don't know.
But I just got it from the stewards. He's scratched.
Well, that's great.
I'm glad that he wasn't an earlier scratch because I was beginning to think the reason
this happened is because again, as part of the ongoing screw up here, I get today's
racing form, which is nice.
But I keep getting the scratchy for the previous day.
No, he's on the program.
Are you listening to me, Vic?
Are you listening to me, Vic?
Yes.
The program and the scratchy that I got today were for Thursday.
No.
Yes.
That would make it much easier to pick winners, Neil.
Yeah.
So anyway, now I've got to pick another one in the dam. Second race?
Yes.
No, geez.
I'll tell you what, I'll help you.
No, you won't.
I won't make the pick.
I don't want you to help me.
I wasn't going to make the pick for you.
Okay.
Okay.
What do you want to tell me?
Public phone will be in front, turning for home.
At this point in your daily double career, that I think is the major of my life.
Public phone is a cheap claimer. You're not sucking me into no public phone.
No, you got me back right, Jerry Bennich.
I don't care who claimed him. I don't.
I'm not playing no public phone. He's got crappy speed ratings.
And I'm not getting into no public phone.
All right, all right.
Be winzy, winzy, winzy.
I don't like public phone.
I don't even like fillet to Arsia with my friend Katie Swini's, another cheap claimer.
I'm going with, uh, wait a minute, magic fountain.
With Michael Redwood.
With the famous No Rider.
No, it's Michael Redwood.
Who the hell is that?
Don't ask me. I only work here.
Well, that's who I'm picking.
You got him.
So it's 10 and 4 now, right?
If I got the right numbers at least?
10 for a broadrick Crawford. You got it.
10 for.
And they can't possibly scratch the source in time.
10 for.
Goodbye.
See you.
Open line on the star line at star IOD is another great WI-OPD production continues, falling just like that phone through the year into the old crapper.
Did I say 1225 on the IOD network?
This is News Talk Radio 620 WSUN.
News Talk Radio 620 WSUN.
It's the Neo-Logers show.
You can talk to Neo-Live by calling toll free 1-800-944-9463.
Folks, I'd like to see this song about the American Dream.
About me.
About you.
About the way our American hearts beat way down in the bottom of our chest.
About that special feeling we get in the cockles box.
Maybe below the cockles. Maybe in the subcock area.
I am.
Maybe in the liver.
Maybe in the kidneys.
Maybe even in the colon.
We don't know.
I'm just a regular Joe with a regular job.
I'm your average white suburban ice.
I like football and torn-o and books about war.
I got an average house where the nice hardwood floor, my wife and my job, my kids and my car.
I'll feed on my table and I queued it as a go.
Sometimes it's just kind enough to keep a man like me.
Oh no, no way.
I know I've got to go out and have fun.
It's someone else's existence.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I try really slow in the olds' professed ways.
While people behind me are going insane.
And I'm gonna throw you, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah.
I'm gonna throw you, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah.
I use public toilets and I saw a seat.
I walk around in the summer times saying, how about this heat?
I'm gonna throw you, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah.
I'm gonna throw you, oh yeah, oh yeah.
Yes, sometimes I'm more in the handicap spaces.
While handicapped people make handicap spaces.
I'm gonna throw you, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah.
I'm gonna throw you, oh yeah, oh yeah.
I'm gonna throw you, oh yeah, oh yeah.
Maybe I should be singing this song.
Ranting and raping and carrying on.
Maybe they're right for they tell me I'm wrong.
Oh, I'm gonna throw you, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah.
Come on, it's the world.
You know what I'm gonna do?
I'm gonna get myself a 1967 Cadillac Yolderado convertible.
I think with a whale skinned up-chap and all other cow-in-carrier
and big-round baby sealized for headlines.
Yeah, I'm gonna cry for having that baby at 150 miles per hour
and getting one mile per gallon.
I'm fucking out for it.
I'm gonna shoot burgers to McDonald's in the old fashioned
not by the great of all styrofoam containers.
And when I'm done sucking down those grease ball burgers,
I'm gonna wipe my mouth with the American flags
and then I'm gonna toss the styrofoam containers right out the side
and then I'm gonna cut them saying anybody can do it.
But you know why?
Because we got the bomb.
That's why it's too weird.
And westerns, okay?
Russia, Germany, Romania, they can have all the democracy they want.
They can have a big democracy.
They can't walk right through the middle of the enemy square.
And it won't make a lick of difference because we got the bomb.
So, yeah!
John Wayne's not dead. He's frozen.
And as soon as we find a cure for cancer, we're gonna throw out the dook.
And he's gonna be pretty pissed off.
You know why?
I've done it for taking a cold shower.
I'm gonna fly that by 15 million times.
That's how pissed off the dook's gonna be.
I'm gonna get the dook's if John gets the beddy.
And leave arm and nail and stand back and fall.
And it's a shame. And try down a jack-sake.
You know, you really aren't at all.
But you just shut up and sing this dog bow.
Come on, let's go!
Leo, Leo, Leo, Leo, Leo.
Come on, let's go!
It's a song!
It's an S-H-O-L-E everybody!
It's an S-H-O-L-E!
It's an S-H-O-L-E!
It's an S-H-O-L-E!
It's an S-H-O-L-E!
It's an S-H-O-L-E!
I'm an asshole and I'm proud of this.
I wet my pants.
1231!
Let's do a lot of day-lakes.
Hello! Hello!
Uh, this is Eddie.
Let's go to Sunrise. Hello!
Hello? Yes.
Leo. Yeah.
Yeah, I was in, uh, I got some stuff here that I wanted to drop off to the hurricane relief.
And I can't seem to find any place, any place, you know, anywhere.
There's no operations going on right now.
Channel 6, call them up. What's that number, George?
930 WCI-X, the old Stereon, they got an ongoing thing there. 930 WCI-X.
Okay, but they would be in, right here in Broward, right?
Anywhere. Don't tell you where to go.
Okay, and another thing.
And where to take the stuff, too?
Another thing is my daughters don't believe about the queen tape that you got there. They want to hear it.
About the one? The queen? You know, Neil, you're my queen.
What do you mean they don't believe it?
I always tell them that every time I see them, you know, you know, I talk to them.
Well, how old are they about two or three?
No, no, they're 14 and 50. 50, 14.
Well, what do they know about queens?
No, because I always tell them, it says you're my queen.
Oh, Neil, my queen.
There you go. Go!
Yeah, and I want to tell Chuck that he's a douchebag.
Anything else?
Thanks a lot.
Okay, see you.
Well, I want to make sure we got all this stuff done.
Open line at day 751 and two in Broward. Now, this is our first law of the whole goddamn day, man.
Couldn't be that we had two conversations with the extopher, could it?
Oh, God. That high a lia minute that we do every day that turns into like three, four, five minutes.
That is sure turned out to be like an audience bonanza.
You can hear the dials clicking from coast to coast, but we're just, we keep plugging along.
One of these days, you know, we'll look out and pick something like our nose.
Here's a Geensville, no less. Hello?
Well, it's there, Neil.
And the back to you.
Neil, I got a good story. I got to tell you.
Okay.
From my amy, I was on my way up here last night.
For me, my fiancé.
Yeah?
What are you doing up there?
Nothing.
Well, that's probably one of the best places to do nothing is Gaggle, unless you're going to schooler.
Exactly.
And I don't, and I don't like university part, but that's inside the part.
I'll screw them then.
Exprodigators, that's what this guy says.
No, no.
I was on I-75, right?
Yeah.
Going north, whatever.
And this car is flying up.
I'm going about 75.
This car is doing about 95, coming up behind me.
Yeah.
And stops about, is riding my tail about two inches behind me.
And I'm like, who is this asshole?
Then he starts blinking his lights, flashing his lights, so I go off.
The guy must be from my amy, too.
So then I rolled out my window and I give him the finger.
And he wants me to turn, and he wants me to get over.
I can't get over because there's like trucks next to me, whatever.
Finally, get over.
I can't imagine who that might have been driving.
Why?
I am that hemorrhite now.
Exactly.
I pull over.
He's starting to pass me, so he looks at me well, and I look at him, and I give him the finger again.
And then he gets passed me, and I notice he is a French Canadian.
And I see the gymnassooth on the back.
We, we, and I said, oh my god, I can't believe this.
Yeah, why not?
Exactly.
So then, whatever, about 10 minutes later, there's pigs everywhere.
And I see a cop car, you know, flights flash and pull over, driving by, and I see the gymnassooth again.
So my day was made.
They got to be beautiful.
Exactly.
There is justice.
I'm going to church right now.
Nice talking to you, Neil.
Thanks.
Congratulations on a great story.
They finally nailed one of those frogs, eh?
You damn obnoxious, smelly, sweaty Frenchman.
Go back where you came from.
Oh, I'm sorry.
We don't want to make Pat Curry happy.
That's what, what was she writing about about those ethnic stereotypes?
That little shot she took at us again yesterday.
Pat, I want to tell you something.
You are a stereotype, and not necessarily ethnic.
Whatever the stereotype is for asshole Pat, that's you.
I guess we ought to play this one more time.
Okay, for that guy's daughters.
Oh, Neil, my queen.
God.
What?
Just came down.
Even queens hit the ground every now and then.
Did I say there's an open line on the green line at 1-800-9?
4-4-9-4-6-3 at 12-36 on the IOD network?
Weekday mornings from 6-10, it's Bob Lasseter on News Talk Radio 6-20, WSUN.
So three weeks ago, this was kind of a week show because it was on so early in the morning.
And now we get decent listeners.
And three decent listeners.
Why do you think the show has improved in three weeks?
I think you kind of get your teeth back in.
And you're not taking crap from anybody anymore.
I mean, here these rip off pickle makers come into my studio.
These people who sell these grossly overpriced pickles come into my studio.
Studio and are going to critique me and my show.
What now? Do you know about radio?
Me?
I got her.
I got three radios.
Oh, he's got our radio.
Oh, foolish me.
We are.
Like a dream come true or a nightmare, Bob Lasseter is back.
You can tune in weekday morning 6-10 on News Talk Radio 6-20, WSUN.
It's the Neil Lager show.
You can talk to me alive by calling toll free 1-800-944-9463.
You never smoke, huh?
You know, I don't have the answer.
I used to know it and I don't know it.
There is a formula, but I don't know what it is.
I brought my life, my only wife, my dirty dog with fleas.
My kids are fucking, I'm a drunk and this time, sure you'll see.
Yeah, you don't know what it is.
It's like to live in misery.
Welcome to home sweet healthy satisfaction guarantee.
Yeah, it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood.
And if I could, I surely would.
It might you in and say, what you be?
What you be, my neighbor.
That is great radio.
Okay, 22-1 at WIOD.
Happy Easter, happy egg hunt, happy halivar, happy face-off, happy whatever.
You know what we haven't played at all today?
Oh, geez.
See, the audience is supposed to remind me of these things in a show is more than half over already.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Here's a mobile in Tamarack.
Who's the leader of this fraud that driving you and me?
SKY, W-A-T-C-H, 6-10-W-I-O-D?
The Mickey Mouse Club.
Yeah, that's us.
You know, I was thinking they make at least one major cast a day.
One?
Boy, you must have lost track a long time ago.
Major though, major gap.
Big one, yeah.
Well, there's nothing like having one big one every day.
You inspired me, Bell.
6-10-W-I-O-D, 6-10-W-I-O-D, 6-10-W-I-O-D, 6-10-W-I-O-D, 6-10-W-I-O-D,
Who's the leader of the club that's safe for you and me?
M-I-D-K-E-Y-S-M for you and me.
That's us.
Yeah.
That's the music you should be playing in the background when you're doing their reports.
It might just happen. It's in the machine, you never know.
And did you hear her this morning after one of her trafficker ports
while you're playing music she went, Neil God.
Oh, yeah, I heard that.
Yeah.
That was one of the great...
Oh, see now I put the other car away.
Wait a minute.
Geez.
Who's going to kill him time?
Yeah.
As I said, that is great radio.
It really was.
So now that I don't listen to the morning show,
I was listening to Lamont and Seflot.
The last team, yeah?
Yeah.
And you're not going to believe what Lamont said.
He said, get cereal.
I said, you're right.
Somebody already had a spirie port on that.
Oh, and did you hear about Goldberg?
No.
The other day someone was calling about highly, a defending highly as take now.
Yeah.
And Hank went ballistic and he ended the call by going,
you asshole.
They don't come any better than Hank Goldberg.
They don't have no material in Neil.
Yeah.
Well, I got news for you.
When you have to talk the same crap 24 hours a day,
seven days a week, except for three hours that they have the Nazi hour on,
you kind of run thin after a while.
It does.
