Boy Gary that he sets all this up ahead of time. Oh, well Neil is gonna rip you and he'll
an asshole and that's just the way Neil is and you gotta understand Neil he kicked Alex
Bennett chased him out of town. Nobody chased Alex Bennett out of town. He chased his own
ass out of town. He was pathetic. He was a wimpy little cry baby. On television, he
was the biggest wimp I ever met in my life. Used to come in here during the news breaks
and he'd sit down and try to have a conversation with him and the only man I've ever met in
my life, you couldn't have a conversation with him for more than like hello and goodbye.
It was just impossible. Talk about two different worlds and they were just like him. So they've
already got it all made up that I set the stage for him that the audience hated them.
Although they think the audience loved them in their own deluded minds and that was Neil
was the bad guy and everybody in the building wanted a tape of the hour that they ripped
me out about how this is my favorite line from the whole insipid interview. Adam, the lovely
little Adam, my good friend Adam, that two-faced Adam. Adam explains to us that no one has
ever lashed out against Neil before tonight. Never. We're not cheerful. Get out of Miami
alive. At the end of our show, our producer, Adam Kirschner, informs us to Gary Bruce
call to make sure a copy of our one hour response to Neil is on his desk in the morning. He wants
to play at the annual Christmas party and then they go on to say how they came in the
station the next day. Several employees thank us for the one hour blast against Neil. We're
50 copies of the air check. Everybody in the building wanted one, including Dumburdo
no doubt. Talk about living a total fantasy. 1013 on the IOD network.
1016 to WIOD and on and on goes to this thing with Stephen and gridlock. I should take some
time to read the whole goddamn thing. It's incredible. It's amazing. Neil is ecstatic. He's
playing bits and pieces of our show on his show. He's having the time of his life. And
it goes on about how I did the first day they came in. I did my entire show on them. Have
I ever done my entire show on anybody? Of course not. It's like Joyce is the same thing every
weekend. Isn't that strange? How I do my whole show on him every day? And if he weren't
here, I'd have nothing to talk about. But I guess before we came down here, I must have
faked my way through just an anticipation of his arriving in town for many years. And
Neil did this. And Neil said that and Gary tells us this. And my favorite part though,
what one of my there's so many favorite parts is in the beginning of the interview. We
talk with Gary Bruce, program director of Cox Broadcasting's WIOD Miami, Florida. Here's
the great line. Gary is always looking for something fresh and creative and he loves
comedy. So he pops the question, would you like to fill in for vacationing Randy Rowe
with for we he's always looking for that fresh new comedy? Where have we heard that line
before on Sundays and sometimes Saturday? Unfortunately, without a thought we say yes, it would
be a real treat almost a vacation a week in Miami and Gary insists he pays on top of it.
He pays on top of it and fly us in there and bring in our father and father and law and
brother and sister and law and our pain in the ass kids and put us up in some 85 star
hotel like great expense. And it goes on and on and on and on and then it talks about
the fact the day that they came in here and pulled back the curtains and looked in here
like they were expecting an octopus or somebody in here and how I'd like to just soft spoken
pussycat surrounded by mountains of food and I'm sitting here be spectacle puppy face
little man chain smoking. I'm a chain smoker. I probably had one of my C-guards lit up
that day. So now I'm a goddamn chain smoker. Well, smoke this you idiot and of course
they also say about the language on W-I-O-D. It says you can regularly hear words like
a bitch and bastard and fart. In fact, Neil doesn't just say fart. He farts when he says
fart. How do you like that? I can fart on demand according to Stevens and gridlock.
Oh, little one huh? What a talent. Yeah. But strangely enough, you can't say bull shot
they say with the eye. Like that's strange. Like they don't understand that you can't
say bull shot on the air. Although they as I recall, didn't they let some crap go on?
Yeah, they have no. In fact, the first day they were on. They let some crap go on the
air that shouldn't have been on the air. Now it's all coming back to me. And then they say,
huh? It was shot. They let shot go? Oh, yeah. Well, somebody better explain to them these
great broadcasters with their great the comedy service and their fresh new comedy that
there are certain things you aren't allowed to see on here and shot is one of them. Every
hurry George, calling you morons and then they say at the end of this little diatribe about
how I fart on the air. We say this on the stage to be that we're uncomfortable using any of
these words they say Monday will be back home will be the most syndicated comedy action ready on
the country. Neil will still be an asshole. Yeah, asshole is okay, but fart is bad. Okay? That's
their thing where they draw the line. So anyway, I have this tape that came in the mail yesterday
which I'm not even going to open. Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman. And Nicole Kidman, isn't he? I mean,
yeah, right. You ever see her? So anyway, the movie is far and away. And it's probably far
and away one of the greatest ever. And it's still a plastic thing. And if anybody wants it,
just ask them. Just going to put her over to the side. I know, well, not generate a lot of calls,
but I have no interest in it. It was about some Irish thing. And you know how pasty and
the boring those Irish people are. Okay, here's a mobile in Naples. Hello.
Hello. So last caller call I was just letting no one, anybody else,
but the ESC is trying to make these things tonight. They are. Yeah. Woo. So heavy duty.
Other than people with the, the best thing is tonight. How come they only carry it when we
get embarrassed and we lose like the two first games in Detroit? How come are we playing Toronto?
We play great. They don't show it to the rest of the world. How's this luck? Maybe it'll happen
tonight. Right. Maybe we'll turn it around tonight. Okay. Thanks. Okay. There you go. You
axe and you get it. We have an open line in day. It's 751 and 2 on the green lines. Green lines
are very silent the last couple of days. They've got the blood to keep them warm. They don't need me.
1-800-944-9463. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. I love it. By the way, I want everybody who
listens to Hot 105, which is nobody in this audience to know that Molo is not black. Did you know
George that they won't send him out on remotes? Because they think that the audience believes that
he's black. I thought he was. He's as white as the fallen snowmolo. He's not black and old.
Go white and old. Yeah. And boring. Go ahead, sir. Oh, why are you, sir? Pretty good.
But that last little spiel you gave, you gave usually when you say, oh, and non, and non, I always
wait here. And not bad. Not too bad. Hey, you are too bad. Tommy Dennenberg isn't here. I
used to enjoy what Tommy would go in and go, okay, listen to this. This isn't incredible. You know how
there? There are. Oh, and by the way, the heat's going to WINZ. Anybody see that? It is. They are. The heat
sign with WINZ. The red capelin sign with WINZ and the heat will be going over there. Wow.
Because starting next season, the Marlins have first crack on the QAM. Wow. And what I think is
going to happen is when the hockey team starts, the Panthers this fall, our QAM will probably pick up
the hockey. Listen to this quickly, sir. Yeah. You know how they want to hike up the prices on the
pool? Yes. Well, I thought, I'm surprised. I thought that the bumper stickers and the little
felt tip pen on the quarters. I thought that was going to do it. Well, listen to this. I do a
lot of traveling on a turnpike. The other day I get on the turnpike to give me four sheets.
They expensive nice four sheets. Yeah, four sheets. Maybe they thought you were going to do eludes.
Four sheets of paper, okay? And telling me about the safety and the faceness of buckling your
seatbelt. Oh, great. Okay. So they're spending on it. I wonder how much it cost to print that crap
on. Well, we had a good book. Oh, there's boy Gary just came in. He did like a little Kassowski in
the room. We had a good buck. We kicked that. He's dancing. His job is safe. He's going to go
ahead and build that house right down my street. What? Anyway, Neil, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Okay.
Eight to what? Yeah. Our eight to we must add out tremendous month. That means even the next
couple of trends will be good. We'll think our way through. Oh, sir, we're all going to Tampa now.
We're going for months. We had a kick ass book and eight to George. That means we get our bonus.
What are you shaking his hand for? What the hell did he do? Probably that big nine to 10 hours,
the biggest hour of the day. Boy, how do you like that, sir? 25 to 54. We had a goddamn eight to
share. So the hell with all those crappy numbers we got in Tampa, we don't give a crap about that
because we're number one. Thank you so much. Who says they show us boring sand. You stupid
obnoxious bitch. God, I can't stand her. Too much sports. We got an eight to which is
sure better than your two to Sandy, which you're probably wearing today. Go ahead, sir.
Am I interrupting you? No, no, no, no. I guess the feeling you don't have a chance to say anything
here. You're doing great. You're doing great. I just want to call a friend of mine a douchebag.
Go ahead. Fernando, you're a dripping bleeding douchebag. Okay.
Later. Have a great life. Boy, open line and date one on the blue lines. How do you like that?
Just what our confidence is low after a horrendous thing yesterday, which is not my fault.
I mean, I know when I do a crappy show, believe me, two, three, four times a week. But yesterday,
that news department again sticking their little probe into our show, trying to see if they can't
drag us down to their level. So the numbers are coming in. These second will have like pages and
pages and pages of shot and will be reading numbers and genuinely reflecting and getting all
psychotic. Hey, we're great. We're great. Well, why don't we tell somebody we're great?
Why do we get a TV spot like that goddamn hot 105? Mollos right.
An old and bad. Well, Mollo means bad. He's trying to live up to his name, man.
Mui Mollo 1024 on the IOD network. So the games on ESPN that I absolutely correct.
So I don't make police that that he tried Red Wing's game number five tied up at two games
of peace. It is going to be to all though I would tell you. It's a lot more exciting watching it on
the CBCA and not only that, but when you're watching on ESPN, you won't be able to hear the great
tones of the great with a ball spot Bob Cole. Yeah. Anyway, we don't want to play all that crap
because we don't want to get all those women upset. Did nobody ask for this tape yet? I can't
believe that. It must be really a bomb, huh? It must be better. They saw the Tom Cruise is really
a hunchback with a good face. He really is. He's something wrong with him. You know what?
You notice in Rainman from the chin up. He's pretty good, but boy, after that, oh, he was good in
risky, a frisky business. He was good in that. Remember, remember, a frisky business? That
was pretty good. That had this moment. You never saw Born in the Fourth of July. I don't want to see
Born on the Fourth of July. I don't want to see that. I don't want to see any Tom Cruise movies.
I don't want to see any Rob Lo movies. I don't want to see any Tom, although I will say Tom
Hanks, although I'm very sick of him because he makes 700 movies a year. A league of our own
was pretty good with Madonna. Well, even though it was a baseball movie, you would have enjoyed it.
It was cute. It had its moments. So where are those numbers already? Come on. Let's have a party
over here. Let's call up mom and say, hey, I can't make it today. We're having a party at the
station and we're going to celebrate. Now you go ahead and meet. Here's Miami on the
Star Line. Hello. Hey, now how you doing? Pretty good. I can't believe some of you listen to
the biggest and on American history. And they don't know why is that? Why is that? What's that?
You mean the guy who never heard of G Gordon Litty? Yeah. I got news for you, sir. You know,
every now and then there's another one of these articles that comes out about they take a survey
of college students who can't find the state that they live in on a map of the United States.
And all this other crap that goes on, this country has more stupid people per square foot than
a place in the universe except maybe Uranus. You're right. It's shocking and nobody gives a crap.
It's it's in to be stupid. That's why Rosanna is so big. So to speak. Yep. With her loose meat.
But anyway, you got to let me pick a trick at them all. Well, he's right in there. Have a great
life, Phil. He was good. Open line on the Star Line at Star IOD. I'm trying to give away this
movie and I can't do it. High rated show here. Oh, somebody wants it. Look at that. Now,
it isn't that to tip off. There's one call in Broward. Those are the only two lines on a whole
goddamn board that are open are in Broward. The blue lines and this person on five has got the
hoots but a call for the tape, right? Hello. Hey, you want the tape? Yeah. Where are you?
Okay, I create. And you're the only person in Broward that has any interest in the show and that's
because you want something. That's right. It's free. Right. That's all I call for. Well, you got it.
Thank you. How do you like that? That's pretty easy. See, if somebody else would have called from
Broward, they'd have got it too. But while I'm so intimidating, you're not intimidated. Are you,
sir? Absolutely not. Absolutely not. Absolutely. Absolutely. Correct. Right. Well, you hang on
and George will get all your stuff. All right. Take a plug. And your name too. Okay. Hold on.
Okay. There you go, George. There's your winner. You asked and you got it. Still in its virgin
plastic wrapping there. A wonderful movie called A Far and Away. Tom Cruise and the Cole Kidman,
who really, she looks like something. Anyway, WIOD. Hello. Yeah. Neil, what's happening? What's that
tape? Too late. What's that? How you doing? I'm doing great, man. How about those boilers, man? Yeah,
not bad. Hey, we have an open line in Broward. Which one was that? I can't even shoot.
Shulis, Shulis and Cole. He reminds me of Shulis, Joe Jackson 1919 Black Sots.
Get out of here. That was one scandal. Don't you learn from history? Get out of our face.
Go away. You and our Rogers. You low. Go on a honeymoon somewhere. Well,
say, well, pack your sandwich. WIOD. Hello. Only if Stan Stan and Don. That must have
inspired by our Don Johnson thing we played yesterday. Boy, that cart was gathering dust. I'll tell
you that. So where are these numbers already? How come Goy Gary up there is running around? He's
like high five and slapping and squeezing George's ass. How come everybody that goes in there like
whether it's Miriam or Boy Gary anybody that's just a lovable cute little huggable George?
God, if they got bad taste and bad eyesight. George is all right. Just need to tan. Pasty. God,
you're so pasty. I'm working on it. Go out. Yeah. I bet you are. Here's a lady in West Palm Beach.
Hello. Hi, Neil. Our first lady of the day. Yeah. Where are the ladies this week? God,
are they sour this week? Yesterday in the middle of all my trauma, you'd have thought they'd
would have come there by rescue. We're here now. Well, thank God. With your video club, you have
bought a ton of videos or received a ton of videos, right? Not a ton, one a month. Well, I can't
get necessarily one. What? You didn't necessarily one. No, but I forget to send the card back. That's
right. Well, I don't forget. I'm just too lazy to send the card back this way. I don't have to
open up that big envelope from Columbia House or whatever it is. And I just toss it in the waste
basket. And I know I'll get a video and maybe I'll want it. And if not, I'll give it a
way on here because I'm a real generous guy. Yeah, but you would have thought by now you would have
had positive response with them. What? We've got, I don't know how we got it, but about a year ago,
we're in the club to say the card came and says you don't have to send that card. You don't have
to do anything unless you want it. And they won't send you one. No, not you're not in the same
in Columbia House. Columbia video. No, I'm telling you, I never send a thing back. Well, I know. You
said, if you don't send it, will you calm down please? You must have had to check something off or do
something somewhere. No, just out of the blue. And we don't buy, we don't buy that many, but you want
a time when you should be able to have that too. It's a good mic. I don't want to give them a call.
Then I got nothing to give away on the year here to my wonderful audience. They enjoy the,
that guy in Coke and a creek. This is going to make his whole week. That's true. The 10 seconds
of his life. He got a tape for free. It's probably the only thing you'll ever win in his life. That's
true. But you probably write it in his memoirs. Why don't you get IODs and fund your membership? No,
no, I got the big bucks I can afford to pay for it. I'm not some kind of a tight wad. I know that.
Not some kind of a cheap skate. Okay. And now that I got this big number, I got this big bonus
coming millions of dollars here. I can go out and buy another Corvette. Then you can buy it on
videos at Maruni, Sheavelay. That's right. Or maybe I'll go up the street here to tropical. You know
it? That'd be something to think about. Have two or three or four. Right. What's wrong with that?
I already have two. Okay. Well, then you can give us all videos one a month. Okay. Thank you. See you.
He just jealous. Oh, speaking of important stuff. Yesterday, of course, Rick was no dummy yesterday.
He knew that it was a dead day for the phones. So we killed almost the whole first hour calling
Hot 105. Great job, Rick. Nice going. Call me the other end of the building. Spend a whole hour on that.
Talking to some bonehead up there at Hot 105. Was it Manny Tavaris?
I bet you have. Manny Tavaris, AKA Joe Brennan. Who the hell are you kidding, Joe?
What is it? Manny Tavaris is Joe Brennan on Hot 105 and they think Molo be black. Well, I got news for
it. I don't want to burst your bubble. Molo is a whiter than George. That's how pale he is. And old. I mean,
he is real white. That's how white he is. He's like an albino. Molo. He's got pink eye.
Just one of them like in the middle of his forehead like cycl... he's a white cyclops.
So all you brothers and sisters out there that think that Molo is the hot stuff, the real hot brother
in the morning on Hot 105, man. All I can say to you is, oh, brother, oh, doctor.
Speaking of that, we got to talk about the doggy doctor because I heard somebody call him, Rick.
The first part of the show is called Hot 105 yesterday and the second part was like doggy dude.
Was the whole from what I heard. So being the doggy dude expert, I'm going to straighten that out again.
We have an open line in Broward 524. What on the green lines? Come on Tampa St. Pete. How come we got an
eight-two-year-over here and we got to want something over there? Huh? What does that tell you about
them and tell you? Yeah, exactly. George's stuck his finger up his nose all the way to his earlobe.
Man, get your finger out of your nose over there in Tampa St. Pete and let's get with it.
Let's get on the bandwagon. Let's cut the crap. Let's stop being childish. Let's grow up. Can't we all just
goddamn get along? 1036 on the IOD network. Okay, 1039 at WIOD and all I can say man is thank you, thank you,
thank you to our loyal but very passive audience. We're number one, dammit. Oh, now look at this.
Here finally after all this tease, number 29 in our hearts is on the phone. Good morning Neil. Dave. How
are you doing? Now what's been going on Dave? I heard that tease call last Friday and all weekend
long. I was like psychotic and then yesterday I got my days wrong don't I? Last Thursday you call.
No, I think it was Friday because I had to go to the beach. I had to go to the beach. Yeah, we were
going to do the whole thing. Well, it used me for interrupting your social life. Your busy and
cluttered social activities. Well, it was nice while though and we had to have fun. Something fun to
do. I want to congratulate you on your numbers. Well, thank you so much, Dave. Man, that's
the thing. Here's a guy who never even knew who I was like two weeks ago and now he's calling to
congratulate me on my numbers. How do you like this? Well, I want to ask you something in order to
promote good relations between Tampa and Miami. Yes, if you're just a guy, you're just the guy
to do it, Dave. Right. If you can promote it really. You take me to a Marlon's game. Yes.
You would? Absolutely. Okay. Well, we got a deal then. You're coming to Miami?
Oh, yes. Sometimes then. Okay. You let George know ahead of time when you're coming when
just checking. You got a schedule? Not really. I'm pretty open right now. No, I don't mean yet.
I'm talking about a Marlon schedule. Not yet. I'll find out. George, haven't we ever talked to a
million? This guy's like Orlando. It seems to me. This is another one of these. Come on, guys.
He's pretty open. He's like, he'll be here anytime I want him. Come on, Dave. You got to play
a little harder to get than that. No, not come on. We might even let you rub elbows with
Drake Bear a house key if you play your cards right. But anyway, no, seriously, we got those
founders' club seats for all of Marlon games. You will sit three rows behind the dugout. You'll
be treated like a king and a queen and you'll love it. And you can be our spokesman when you go
back. You can tell everybody how great the stadium is, how great Ryan Bowen is and everything.
That's right. It's a great, it really is a great place. Okay. Like I said, it's one
to say again. Congratulations on the numbers. So what do you do now that the hockey season's over?
Well, I still got some events there after your reign that I'll probably be attending, but not
much. What do you mean you'll be attending? What does that mean? That you'll be working on? Yeah,
I'll be there as a security guard. Yeah. So, but that's still pretty open. I'm not doing much
of anything. Working out going to the beach, taking an easy one. God, what a rough life. He's
working out. He's going to the beach and coming over to see the Marlon games. That's right. Okay.
Well, I guess somebody slips a bag of money under your door every morning, right? And it's a way
to do it. Well, listen, let George know when you're coming. Okay. Certainly well. And to the game, too.
Okay, Dave. Thank you very much. Take care of yourself. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Wow.
What was that? I must have dreamed that. A little bit too friendly and a little bit too
cooperative. Oh, God. Yeah. I know what that's all about. Now he's a good guy to stay. He's great.
God is he. Anyway, so let me, can we look over these numbers a little bit? I'm just, I'm flabbergasted.
Rarely am I at a loss for words, but I don't know what to say, Dave. I'm speechless. Man, he can
come over and guard our body. Miami. Hello. Oh, Neil. Oh, we'll just guard his. Yes.
Dave, what's up, Hayden? We're doing it, man. We're kicking ass. We're number one. We're number one
and a half. Rick and Scott, how did the goddess do we better check hers out, huh? And her numbers.
She's probably doing great. She's probably sitting on the throne right now, getting all nervous,
weighing me here, these big numbers. Hey, Neil. Yeah. I rented that movie that you've been talking about.
Which one is that? Get fatty, Junior. Oh, a fatso. Yeah. Yeah. It was all right. It wasn't all that bad.
It wasn't all that bad. Well, there was only. Oh, man. How can you have you ever been fat?
I guess I have. And you didn't love the movie. I mean, especially you don't have to have been fat
to love the movie, but if you ever have been fat, you have to love the movie. Okay. Well, the story.
The story's on it's pretty cheesy. The story. What do you mean by that? Well, it's, you know, one of
these, I don't know it. It's just the little things that like you didn't like when he went out and
ate all the Chinese food in the car and away back home. Yeah. You didn't like when he got the
birthday cake for Anthony and he ate the only and that clock was was sticking her fingers in there.
And were you ate the only and she was ripping the cake apart with her fingers and getting all
psychotic? You didn't like the part when he was like four speeding the pizzas down his throat,
the whole thing. How about the coffin? Yeah. In the beginning of the movie, when he goes in,
he is cousin that used to eat the chocolate bars in church. His cousin died. His young cousin.
And he's crying and the mother is screaming and he goes in the kitchen and he takes a little piece
of Italian bread and he dips it in the sauce that's bubbling on the stove and he drops it in the
Amazon cheese. That's right. He starts eating and he stops crying. All of a sudden he's like,
yeah, now he feels okay. Yeah, but what about what about when his brother's born and he's,
he's sitting there, you know, the little clips where if he starts crying, he gets fed and if he
gets fed. Right. Well, they're changing the his little brother's diapers. How do you like when
and was it and bankrupt that was screaming at the casket or was it the mother?
You had to go and die and I said, I'm up there screaming. She's great in that movie. She's the best.
Yeah, he directed that movie too by the what's her. He directed that movie and bankrupt.
It was it was a it was a very very funny clip. But you just got through. Tell me the movie was
mediocre at first. And how about the how about the scene where he rips the where Oscar LaPitas
rips the damn coverage off the thing with the change at all. He rips him off. Yeah, me that where
it gets the honey junior and then he starts screaming for the keys and he puts the keys in his mouth
and he swallows them or something and they rips the coverage right off the damn mother wall.
Geez, what a pouch that guy had. Yeah. Oof. Scary. I would fill our Reese's peanut butter
and cut me the way. Jolly, don't up melt it in the oven. Hey, um, actually, you know what,
I also saw one one floor over the cookers. Not did you notice that Mr. Martini had the same
twinkle in his eye that Dom did? Yeah, pretty scary. Absolutely. Oof. I want my sickle
red miss ratchet. My cigarette. That's the best scene in the movie out of many. Neil, but also when
what? Have a great day. Yeah, gotta go. Got more numbers here. We're not giving any of them out.
And that's not fair. By the way, love 94 had a gigantic book. So they've prepared if you're
listening, your job is safe, I think. So anyway, getting back to buddy bud, the deal is Kaplan is
going over from QAM to INZ to do his late night in Sipa. How do you like that, Mr. Green? How do
you like that? Not only do I bring you the Montreal Canadian hockey wins on tape, but also we bring
you this gigantic book. So I was starting to say, wait till the heat fight out what a great night
time signal. They got it. I and Z. They're going to be very sorry. They ever made that move. Let
me tell you when I worked at W I N Z for five long ponderous years at midnight. And I would leave
there at midnight. And on my way home, I would get from the station, which is in Carroll City. It's
maybe a mile and a half mile from Palm Avenue. It's on Palm Avenue, but from like Pines.
And I get to Pembroke Road, which is like a half a mile from the station. I couldn't hear it anymore.
It fades out. No, they're Broward signal at nighttime is non-existent. North of 595, anywhere you
can't hear I in Z at night. So a nice move by me, heat. Too bad for any Kaplan because he's a good guy.
See there is somebody I like. How do you like that? And Bob Green just came in smiling from
ear to ear and oh boy, you guys are great. I guess you are going to Tampa now. See we got to buy
the short hairs now. We got these gigantic numbers. Where is that 25 to 54 again? I want to
gloat. I want to sit here. See you people. Why did you go through this? It's boring. It's not boring.
It's all we got. It's all we got. I realize it's a pilot crap and it's a very, very slip shot
and best the way they do it. But it's it's all we got. 6 to 10 am 25 to 54 from a 4 5 to a 4 4
W I O D hangs in there. In fact, move from number five to number four. And that's even with a month
of old Rineri. Rineri. I'm not saying nothing about that morning show. Chuck, I wish you the best.
You're a great guy. You're a tremendous talent. Congratulations on the penguins, but that show.
Midday 10 am to 3 p.m 25 to 54 from a 75 to an 8 2. Number one by a mile. Beating out the tragic
and boring W. L. Y. F. Radio slush and W. R. T. O. Radio ritmo with a 5 8's number three no
speaking English and love 94 with a gigantic jump from a 4 1 to a 5 7 midday 25 to 54.
Followed by W. X. D. J. I don't know what that is. That another no speaking English. Isn't that the
Russell Way. Sustation that he swaped with R. R. R. T. More or something. I don't know what it is.
W. F. L. C. The coast had a crappy book. Sorry, Fleetwood. Fleetwood's a great guy and I really feel bad.
7 O to a 5 O for number two to number six.
Soon in midday followed by W. E. D. R. They seem to be slipping and sliding. How to how 105 do?
There she. There's kiss. There's joy. There's Zeta dropping precipitously. There's power.
Hot 38 to a 3 5. So already the Cox broadcasting influence on the FM is already kicked in.
Knocked him down from a 4 2 in the summer book last year to a 3 8 down to a 3 5. So they can only go up
especially now that everybody knows. Molo's white. He's an albino with pink eye.
1048. On the I. O. D. Network. Well, he is. He's a white guy. Okay.
Hey, listen, if you're.
Join us this afternoon, beginning it to for Rick and such. Then at six. It's sports talk 16 right here.
If I had the ability to do I take you out here right now. I'm taking your goddamn teeth in.
Yeah, Alex, another crybaby who gave us song in a dance about Rick and suds and if those
people ever appear again and Mr. Ego and fat Hankel over there with your big ugly body and fat face
and Rick and suds suck. Emission that. Well, let me tell you also that little time,
Jerka, Jika, Geek, Ed, the Sun, Sentinel, Rick and suds mid afternoon 25 to 54 from number four
with a 5 4 in the fall book to number one. With a 6 4 in the winter book. How do you like that?
This radio station has never ever had a 6 4 in afternoon drive in the modern era since the
the advent of like more than two stations in the market. This radio station has never had a
number like that in afternoon drive. How do you like that? Six four. All these all year,
Hankel is going to replace them and this one's going to replace them and Mr. Ego knows that
knows this and you're getting canned. Yeah. Rick and suds are God and wait till you hear this.
At night, the goddess from a 4.8 in the fall book to a 5.65.25 to 54 at night.
Oh! And let me say it again. This radio station has never ever had a 5.65 to 54 in the modern
history. When I say modern history, I'm talking about, you know, in the early days,
there were only like two or three stations and the numbers didn't mean anything. I'm talking
about now with AMF and BM and PM and Sherway. Just shocking and astonishing, astonishing.
And where did we go down and what they, by the way, Randy from a 3.6 to a 4.12 plus at night.
He's the only one on the whole station that went up 12 plus. We were like a 4.65 to a 6.4
and Rick and suds 4.6 to a 4.5. So about flat, the morning dropped off 12 plus, but probably because
some of those oldsters from the old days dropped off from a, what are we having in the morning.
12 plus. Come on, I know you're on there somewhere, Chuck, from a 5.2 to a 4.
But that probably kicks out a lot of old parts. You know what I'm talking about? We hope we
shouldn't have prayed. Here's a lady in Tampa. Hello. Hello. How you doing? Pretty good.
I need your help, Neil. Well, that's why I'm here. Okay, I need the horse racing expert to solve
a problem here. A daily, ma? Couple weeks. The dolly, daily, ma? I went in for Santa's on
Hello, dolly. Anyway, when I was down in he was saying for a kind of term, it's you, but we still.
I read in the newspaper in the sports section about a horse and I could swear it's name was
Bowling the Feather. Right. In the Heather? Well, in the Heather. Okay. That's one of the favorites for
the Kentucky Derby. He is? Yeah. He won the Florida Derby. Right. And he didn't, wasn't he
bought for like $60,000? I don't know. Okay. And in his bone, the Heather, and he's going to be in the
Derby. Right. Okay. That's what I need to know. Now the second thing is, did you see the buffalo
sabres and the Boston Bruins game on Saturday? No, I did not. Did you hear about it? Yeah. It was
unbelievable. What do you mean by that? If you were a sabre span of us? Well, but I'm not, no,
actually I'm a Detroit Red Wing fan. Oh, God. I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. I apologize. I apologize.
I was going to have to beat your ass tonight. I don't think so. Do you think the way you're on an
uncle meal? No. Bowling the Heather. Let's see. He's got eight lifetimes starts. He's got two wins,
two seconds. He won the Florida Derby by two lengths. Right. And he was second by. Twenty-two
to one. Yeah. And he was second by a head to forever world in the Flamingo at Halea. Really? Right.
Now what do you think on Erhu's cancels? Because I'm trying to decide what to do for the Derby? Yeah. None. None? No.
Then I'm betting on him. Okay. All right. Neil. Good thinking. Good thinking.
Yeah. I'm going to give fat rich your number at home so we can call you up and give you like you
did to me this morning before I left the house and give you the rundown on every race at the track.
I had the four over the one two three. I had the five of the and Kevin Wallace had the lead and Kelly
Shepherd came on the outside. I thought I'd never get out of that guy damn house this morning. I
don't want to hear a life story of every race here. And of course every time. Oh, it's
been great. Came into six horse and the guy with no teeth came into three horse. Oh, man. I'm
going to start. I'm going alone from now on. I'm sure you heard his feelings when you call him fat rich.
No, he loves it. He loves the publicity. He never had this much attention in his life. Okay.
My pick for the Kentucky Derby is personal hope with Gary Stevens. You're crazy. Okay.
Felix Top Van is God. We're number one. See you. Bye.
Boy, talk about worked up to a frenzy. Felix Pop Van is God. In fact,
Felix Pop Van and Steve Iseman are going to do a little number for us before the game tonight.
Get a 95 share with Ed. Here is a candle.
What was that? Take this out.
Oh, you're listening to that. You're the first guy.
You're not going to talk to me. Are you going to speak to me or what?
I played that whole thing yesterday. You're the first caller I've made.
That one. I just got it yesterday. Yeah, I get to believe it's a thousand dollars for my
thoughts. Yeah, right. I thought wow, thousand dollars. Hold your breath. Keep checking the mailbox
every day. See? Yeah, right. You're like Bob Green going to send me a grand for my thought.
So, um, this is funny. It says Neil Rogers is either kind.
