There's a painful fact about meal Roger that you should know that's a major cause of stiffness and swelling.
Oh!
Use Talk Radio's 610 WIOD presents The Neal Roger Show.
To talk with Neal Dial 751 WIOD from date in Broward 524 WIOD.
Outside the 305 area code toll free 1-800-944-WIOD.
And Bell South Mobility customers make it a free call by dialect star IOD.
Now, the Neal Roger Show on Use Talk Radio's 610 WIOD.
You can't call this Christmas.
It's not politically correct.
The ACLU has said the object.
Santa's no longer jolly.
He's differently sized.
And he's not a white man.
He's melanin deprived.
The ACLs are not little.
They're vertically constrained.
No men are no persons.
Oh God, what a pain.
So call Christmas trees.
Your botanical friends.
Much more of this do do.
I'll need a deep ends.
Girls are now free women.
When they're under 10.
But in the beginning weren't we all semen.
We must be so careful as not to defile.
So please say the homeless are undomified.
Because of cancer.
Proficiency.
So fail is achieving a deficiency.
If you want to be a DC insider.
Then start calling hookers.
Sex can't provide us.
So we can't call this Christmas.
It's not politically correct.
The liberal soup over.
What the hell do you expect?
Probably to WID.
So the president has been screwing around a little bit.
Is that a big surprise to anybody?
Which president do we have that wasn't screwing around a little bit on the side?
FDR had a mistress.
And Truman of course was too ugly to have one.
And I was in the house.
And I had a mistress.
And I had that Chinese broad.
And Kennedy had like everything that would like walk with a skirt on.
And for the course.
What do you think Betty started drinking about?
And Jimmy.
What is that?
What is it?
It's got a couple of candles in them.
It says Sally was here.
What do you want it means by that?
Look at that one is shorter than the other.
She must already got a head start for Christmas.
A head start, he said.
It's from a Tisca de Tasca.
Let me check out your basket.
And let me open a little card.
It's like a beautiful thing.
It's got two candles.
It's from, oh look at that.
The clients and staff of center one.
Thank you for all you've done to make this a happy holiday for all of us.
Isn't that pleasant?
The wonderful people that center one who appreciate the just under 50 grand that we've already raised for them?
As opposed to certain other people like it all psychotic and surely because they don't like Brian Cox's finger on the back of our t-shirt.
And it just can't get enough out of us but won't be getting any after this year.
So anyway, it's a pleasure you doing great work over there at center one.
And thank you for the beautiful arrangement.
I'll see what I can do with those candles.
Where's that Luis video again?
I'm sorry.
Okay, look at the green lines.
What's going on over there now?
Huh? They off to a head start themselves.
All the green lines are open, which is a very unusual experience here.
At 1-800-944-9463.
Are we still on the air over there? They just shut it off.
Because Bob Green was in here a little while ago saying to George,
oh, a Tampa call about anything yet?
Did they call yet? Did they tell you they're pulling the plug yet?
Tampa call yet? And I just opened up my Christmas card from Todd DeLisa of Two Weevils and Little Tommy Velvita.
So I assume we might still be on here there but I wouldn't bet my, wouldn't bet the lunch money.
Here's Margate.
Good morning.
When is to you, sir?
I just got in from Chicago.
Okay, how was it besides cold as crap?
Cold and it was snowing.
Yeah, I got an nasty and windy.
Oh, it's terrible.
And obnoxious?
Yes.
Yeah. All the above.
But I'm an elite from way back.
I've only been up there for about a year and a half.
And I heard you talking about Camilla's and I need to pick up a couple tapes.
Right, you can go to peaches. Any peaches like near by you, they got them all.
Best of Neal, best of Randy video, the best of Rick and Suds, Cassett and CD,
all the t-shirts, the great IOD calendar, which please buy at least 10 of those.
Okay.
I'm Tonya.
That's good.
And I got to get down to see the pizza loft.
That's one thing that I miss.
Even though they got some great restaurants in Chicago, they really do.
And pizza loft is still good.
It is. It's El Primero.
That's it.
You just keep saying that.
I do, I believe that.
Hey.
Oh, I'm sorry, a little distracted.
Oh, sorry about that.
That's okay.
Anyway, are you getting up to Chicago to watch the Cubs?
No, I gave up the Cubs for Sickness, although quite frankly, the way the Marlins are shaping up for next season,
we might have to make another trip up there to see real baseball game.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
I am walking this to, to, to, to Riggly.
And I can catch the L anytime I want to run down to Kamiski.
It's a real sports intent.
Yes, sir.
One of the great sports towns in the universe.
Absolutely. Well, thank you, Neal.
Have a great holiday.
Happy Mowelidays, do you just...
See ya.
Ciao.
Bye.
Happy Mowelidays. That's what they say in China.
We have an open line and a blue line and one on the green line.
I'm going to take about a five minute break so I can watch this,
because at least this one doesn't bounce up and down, I said.
This is the one that bounces up and down.
This is the only one I really want.
I mean, especially with a short hair, that part there where he looks like really, really...
Well, he always looks really good.
That one right there.
It just bounces up and down by itself and the picture too.
I mean, it's one thing if you make it bounce up and down,
but it just kind of hops up and down by itself.
Holy Toledo.
Anyway, it's 12 and I'm going back to Vegas, okay?
Tell you how it is placed.
This is just...
This is like pretending to be alive here.
That's the deal in Florida.
This whole state is like a pretense at being alive.
And I go through that thing yesterday about how it was just packed with people out there.
Everybody having a great time.
The MGM grand opens up Saturday.
That Treasure Island everybody's out there with their kids having a great time.
And the Luxor with the big sphinx and the Pyramid.
And it's just a cacophony of great stuff happening.
And all these great shows.
I haven't seen that many shows out there.
The Luis Miguel, of course, was spectacular.
It didn't even come close to describing it.
I bet you there's never even been a bad show.
Well, maybe, you know, sometime over all of these years.
But there aren't too many.
I mean, unless they really are up to muster,
you won't see bad shows in Vegas.
I mean, they go the whole nine yards that all the top entertainers,
they all just can't describe it.
And what do we got here?
Maybe we still have like a peppy field to sing it on the beach.
Huh?
How about tummy boots?
Can they dig him up again and prop him back up on here?
One more show, Tubby.
Come on. You can do it.
Put it away, Louis.
1213 at WIOD and WSUN.
On second.
Don't miss the Weekend Magazine featuring the latest news,
information, trends, and what's happening this Saturday
and Sunday morning right here.
WIOD.
Hey, Neil.
F*** you.
We wish you a back in Texas.
We wish you a back in Texas.
Oh!
We wish you a back in Texas
with your big mouth and ears.
You must be real sore, being me by alcohol.
We wish you a back in Texas
with your big mouth and ears.
Incredible.
Here we go, it's so hummus.
Now you're eating Jimmy Chungus
because after, you're by Congress.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oi.
Oh, where were the killer Cubans?
Oh, where were the killer Cubans?
Oh, where were the killer Cubans?
Of Fidel Castro's rear.
Thank you.
F***ing sound jive.
Was you on Larry King's life?
We wish you a back in Texas
and to you across cheer.
Call me Shostee.
1217 at WIOD.
How come I can't find any bit long enough
to cover this video on watching?
What a bitch this is.
I was supposed to be a Merry Christmas.
Damn it.
Anyway, we're just rolling along singing a song.
Today's Rick and Sucks last day before they go on vacation.
And tomorrow, jazz McKay is going to be filling in
for a Rick and Sudge with that great affected radio voice of age.
He'll be riding in on his Harley, which he don't own one.
Now he's all right.
He just needs to calm down a little bit and stop up being Mr. Renounce here.
Okay, if he would stop doing that.
And if he would just worry a little bit less about bikers and tiddy bars and drugs.
And come up with something else like...
I guess basically that's him.
I guess that covers him to a tee.
He'll be all right.
He'll be in for them all next week as a matter of fact from two to six.
Can you handle it?
I think so.
Don't have any choice.
Anyway, here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Dale.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
From Mendis, man.
My wife and I had our first hockey game last night and it was great.
Oh!
Beautiful.
Hey, let me ask you something.
This is the reason I call.
It's true that you're going to be at Bauders College graduation in January.
Yeah.
That's what they're telling me.
Yeah, right.
Hey, that's what they told us.
Yeah, no question about it.
And other than that, thanks for playing Luis Miguel.
Isn't he the best?
Yeah, I'm watching him right now.
He's on hit TV right now doing Ho Chi Kuchi for about 20 minutes here.
Fantastic.
I got something for you.
I bet.
Neil Rogers.
You're great, Bobby.
Ha ha.
Bye.
Well, I can't believe it.
Was that Rocky Etchie Maria or what, huh?
Pop this.
We have two open lines in both in Broward at what's the number?
Well, I'm busy popping it at 5249463.
Damn it.
All good things must come to an end and it just did in the video too.
Anyway, let's go to Haya Lea.
Hello.
Neil, how's it going?
Great, sir.
You're at the other best.
I want to say that before I go on.
Before you keep sucking around any longer.
Great.
I'm a suck up.
So what?
Listen, you turn me on to Luis Miguel.
Beautiful.
And I have to tell you, he's not only a very handsome man.
But he does have a voice.
Now I understand why you're so much into this guy.
The best.
Great talent.
Great performer.
Great everything.
I mean, what's not to like?
Very true.
I never thought that day would come that I would be a Luis Miguel fan like yourself.
There you go.
But here I am screaming out to the world, getting out of the closet.
I'm a Luis Miguel fan and I love it.
That is a miracle, you know what?
It is a total miracle.
Right.
I think he owes me now.
Did you get your paycheck?
Not yet.
Why not?
I'm glad you reminded me, by the way.
You know, I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
Did I go to bat for him that I sit in there
and when we had that other derelict,
that other geek from Candle working here,
I went to bat for him and now he wants me
to do something for you.
You're out with that crappy outfit you got on.
You're out with that crappy outfit you got on.
You're out with that crappy outfit you got on.
You're out with that crappy outfit you got on.
You're out with that crappy outfit you got on.
You're out with that crappy outfit you got on.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
I'm glad you're not.
Because this station is going to make you a new person for the new year.
A new.
You approved.
You just be the tenth color when you hear this sound.
And we'll come to your house and lock you in an empty closet.
That's right.
There'll be no more beer.
No more cigarette.
And no more unprotected sex with miners.
You won't have to make new years' resolution.
Because you'll be locked in a closet.
Living a life without temptation.
You'll also be thin, dehydrated, and soil.
Winners will be denied beer, cigarettes, and unprotected sex with miners
for a period of not less than one year from the date of contest.
Unless, of course, winner opts to have sex with themselves in which case
we'll still make you wear a condom and asbestos smitten.
New years' resolution.
Why make them when you don't have to break them?
People listening for your chance to win.
1225 Adam White downstairs took care of business.
Got me my check.
What a guy, huh?
Oh, boy.
I'm Tonya.
That's whatever was in that trail mix, man.
I've got hemorrhoids now.
I can just sense it.
I can feel it in my mouth.
Honey, like that.
When's the last time you could feel hemorrhoids in your mouth?
That's how bad they're burning from the tip of my nose to your reinus.
Look at the brow lines, man.
Speaking of your reinus, all three of them are opening.
And we kind of like have swapped today.
We had one time all the day lines were open.
Then a one time the green lines all went open.
And now it's the brow.
It's kind of like, you know, like in single-patient, right?
Isn't that what we wanted to be in single-patient on this show?
By the way, speaking of syndicated shows, you know that the fat obnoxious self-grandizing
now she's skinny, but pretty soon she'll be fat again.
Oprah show is the only syndicated show that's like in the top 15.
And really makes really, really gigantic bucks.
That's the only one.
That's why she's worth a billion dollars that obnoxious bitch.
Anyway, of course now that she's been down here in Miami,
we don't have any problem with shooting tourists or any crime problem.
Are we right?
Because she said she was coming down here to straighten that out.
And thank you, she did.
Thank you, Oprah.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I want to tell you that you converted me to Louise Miguel.
Really?
Yeah, the first album that I had was Roman.
Yeah, I think it is.
Yeah, and now I've bought it.
No, say to...
I just watched it.
They just showed no say to with those big bass violins.
Yeah, that was the first one I bought.
Right.
Because you bought 20 years.
Yeah, and...
And the anjos.
Yeah, and now I'm on the verge of buying...
Adiace.
Exactly.
Must get it.
I'm Tonya.
Makes all the other ones pale and win significance.
All right.
And I want to tell you, you know, I'm out of school right now.
Right.
But the times you show is at, you know, when I'm in school,
I get into a lot of trouble because of you.
Why is that?
Because I wear that one year, one year headphones.
Yeah.
And the teachers get me.
Now, I'm probably 20, 30 detention.
Because I listen into a radio.
Do you realize?
You know, so what's more important?
Screw off with those teachers, Tom, to get out of your life.
You got important stuff to listen to on this show.
Right.
Right.
Tell them to screw off and stay out of your business.
So, here you're going to turn them in.
Yeah, one more thing.
Yes, sir.
That asshole card.
Which one?
Which...
Who is it?
Yours is Randy.
Because I hear him both shows.
Which one are you talking about?
That asshole.
Oh, you mean the guy who says it?
Yeah.
The one that goes...
Asshole!
Exactly.
Randy's.
But at this station, we're used to sharing assholes.
Oh, one for enclosing?
Yes, sir.
I want to call my boss George, a big, bad, doin' no work.
Tush bag.
And assholes.
And that too.
Good luck, pal.
Bye-bye.
Happy, uh, whatever.
Anyway.
I'm not playing this now.
I don't think.
Well, I got inspired as others' videos.
And that's the Neo-Rodges tribute hour on Channel 44
and hit video when he got nothing else.
Hasta que no olvides voy a intentarlo.
Ooh, oh, the way he rolls that, you know.
Just...
Ooh.
Uh-oh.
Brrrrrrrrrrr.
Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.
Okay, enough.
Man.
Right on the edge of a very, very moist experience.
We have two open lines in both in Broward 5249463.
You would be amazed at how many people...
I'm talking about English-speaking people who never could have given a crap about any...
never would have thought including me they would have ever bought a record that
was not in english have gone out and just grabbed up louise mcgill i mean just
hands full of louise mcgill and the thought of it is just very very satisfying
i'm telling you
so i want little a rakeoff you know i'm talking about and tomorrow i'm getting
that other album in here it's interesting though that some of the uh...
videos that i had seen before like on tellahit that i didn't really like the
video and i allowed that to interfere with my enjoyment of the song
now which do you like first you like the song first or do you like the video
first when you see the video i think
the video enhances your appreciation and if you don't never heard the song before
if you don't like the video
it's distracting from the song
that make any sense
because a couple of songs he sang at the concert
i had seen on the video like no say to i hate that video where they're out
there on the grass in the water he's got that big symphony orchestra and he's
dressed up in that big got tuxedo i mean who wants to see that
who want to see a lot of naked people like most of the videos
but uh... the song is just tremendous
and so it's got to the point where i really like some of the songs that i
care for that much before
and when you hear a performer do something live anyway if it's like it
enhances the appreciation you know i'm talking about
is there anybody who is ever even gotten out of the house if you ever left like
the room that you're in right now like recently in the last year the year is
almost over with i would at least open up the front door get a fresh breath of
air something just inhale real real deep
here here i'm not joking man if you know how many perocardial people we got in
this state people who like a big trip for them is like a trip up the store to
the nearest up the street to nearest you float them store that's like a big
outing for them
and we also have a lot of people need to be out in ninety four
here's my me beach on a starline hello
and i'm guilty of anything
it is a leaving with god said about little children
and
little children come on to me
Michael calling in on the celebrity line and a boy Michael i guess he wasn't
finished yesterday he will be soon we have an open line in the day 751
on the starline at star i.o.d
but if i am guilty of anything it is of giving all that i have to have all that i have to
give my penis my buttocks my lower torso thighs and any other error that they
wanted to help children all over the world
well he's always been known to give generously and you know what they say
the family that plays together
fillets together that's what they say in the meat department
a crogr
like i said the other day if i could just be the bowl on that violin
i would probably give the best bow job in the history of music
i said bow job to you
take a bow
what is it?
i'm gonna like to
start a shrine to luiz begin i'm just gonna build up a build up a gigantic statue of him
like stark naked out in front of the building
the only question is will he be circumcised or not that's the question does anybody
know the answer yes
oh and look at that speaking of circumscribed people
hello nioh
it's old mic from florida ice
how's it going?
how did it go sunday i wasn't here of course we lost the game because i wasn't here
but i came back to pull out the big one last night in the game too
it went very well thank you
actually i'm calling about florida ice and will use me go
really?
you've almost converted me as well
is he coming to one of our games?
i actually heard he's a great player
no but uh...
i bet he is
i meant ice hockey
you know it's crazy
well he was there for the draw on the world cup which by the way that was the big event in Vegas on sunday
and nobody in this country watched it they had like a zero point five rating on ESPN
and around the west rest of the world there were like billions of people watching it
because nobody cares about soccer thank god
but no seriously that was the big event in Vegas on sunday the world cup draw
well the other day i was flipping just by accident to jimmy on the field five sixty
yeah people are calling up saying you know
hey they will copy it's the greatest thing
and uh... you know then later i've made an accident flip the hang for about two seconds
and he happened to mention it and say you know making fun of it and all that
nobody cares about soccer in this country and nobody ever will it's it's terminal
it's ponderous
very ponderous
because the guys don't slam each other into the board every day
it's just boring the field is too big and they just keep going back up and down and back up and down
and the little pansy referees keep running around and throw their little blimp wrist up into the air
and then they throw the ball out of bounds and they kick it in again it's a terminal sport
nothing ever happened
no
but anyway i'm passing these issues out uh... sunday night outside the arena right
right
it was a great game of course
as the game is winding down i'm already out there early i didn't go to the game myself
people are starting to leave which i'm listening on the radio
well that i'm glad you brought that up i had reports from the people last night
i the lot of people as usual came up saw me before the game in between periods
i find out that with about a minute to go
in the third period on sunday
and here is our great comfort behind panther team that is never out of any game
they came from behind three goals in the Dallas game on away ice and tied them up
and have come back so many times to win games or time up
and with a minute to go they were pouring out of that place like uh... they had a panty raid
and and uh... the place was like half empty by the time with six seconds left in regulation
they scored the time goal
well i'm out there passing out issues and i'm listening on the radio and people are pouring out of there
and i'm giving them out and just you know saying
to people is a free hockey magazine here to have one
and all of a sudden you know i hear
christmore go crazy i don't know if you heard that call it actually is probably the best quality
we actually had some enthusiasm
he was like born speedy burns you know he was little excited
but uh... so i'm telling people i was passing a met
i'm telling people i've been passing out the issues and like by the way you left early and the panther just tied it up
like what?
of course a lot of anaconda
and they were all racing around to try to get back in and we would want to back in good
anybody that leaves a hockey game it's one thing to leave a football game early when you're down by 13 points
would like two minutes or four minutes to go into game but to leave a hockey game early when you're down by a goal with a minute or two minutes left in the game
only an asshole would do a thing like that only an idiot somebody who totally doesn't understand the game and should be shot on the spot
and the crazy thing is you know here i am passing out these issues with some people
and we're saying free hockey magazine and people are actually saying no thanks
so i'm like what you know you're welcome?
no thanks
so we're walking out of a hockey game and i even joked in one person
i was like can you read and he's like no by the way
i was like i think there's other people out there passing out these pamphlets with you know
restaurants or coupons or whatever they're going
well i think that's inhibiting now that's true i understand where people are coming from
they're so tired of being panhandled out there in the street
they just want to get to their car get out of their safe and sound and get out of their as fast as possible
right but once people see what i'm giving out and they see the hockey thing
you know they just take it and you know and they go on their way and hope they read it
yeah i mean read it yeah
but anyway i'm too released me gal
yes okay so you know you i'm not a total convert but
yeah but i went out to the store and by the way i'm in one of them
go ahead
okay i've been one of the chain
i want to let you step on them
okay and they're actually white white angles looking at the loose me gal section
which i thought was kind of
first of all i want to say this i don't want anybody to think that they're going to get any idea of what
Louise Miguel looks like by the cover of his albums and especially
audio so which is one of the ugliest pictures i've ever seen
uh... i don't know what he looks like he's got a pug nose it's taken from a strange angle
just trust me as a great connoisseur of human flesh that when i saw him in Vegas
even with that stubbly beard he's sporting now he looks so good that even animals
are like approaching him in the street
trust me we're like him for different reasons but i understand that i'm just talking
about and don't start getting paranoid mic i'm just explaining one aspect
because there are a lot of faggots out there that are running out to peaches and other record stores
and they're taking a look and they want to see if this guy's as hot as i say any look at some of these
paid i don't know trust me when i tell you okay
there's no doubt that just a human being you look at the fact that he is a sexual magnet
he's a really good looking man he's an erotic thing
but anyway so i picked up i saw the disc it's uh... america and and the wife's three wife songs
right that's your position get america's right right okay good so i bought that one
which is nice i'm anica yeah right so which was the first song you did the concert by the way
i brought tears to my eyes so in this music store in the latin section they have like
a thing you can put on headphones and listen to different albums right so they have ariest
so i'm listening through when i didn't hear any of the songs that you play a lot so i figured
okay i want to take a chance and just buy any other cd just to see what's on there
you didn't hear the songs that i play like swave and us to came you'll be this and i can't
be near where star solo when you first started playing and i hear you play a couple
songs i really like that i haven't heard them in a while i don't know what's a long time ago
yeah i don't even know which ones they are okay so anyways i buy this cd there's a picture
of them like holding a microphone like i can't really see a space it's sort of a silhouette
romance and i can't that's romance what's that that's romance no it's a different one because it's
it's uh... it's like a ratten the uh... companies flintes is the actual
like name of the record company so i can't read i don't know spanish so i just
bought the thing i was actually called George before trying to figure out what this is
and it turns out and i'm listening to this record and there's no lewisbee
golf singing it's just the songs of just the music and i don't feel in the
here yeah and it turns out these are song beds of all his songs right it's like her
mouth for plays neal diamond yeah and i mean that case it'd be an improvement and i said to
myself this thing's worthless because i want to hear him sing yeah it's like ray conif does
lewis mcgel so besides adios which is the other way i mean i mean i can just hear the ray
conif singers doing swive
you have all the songs you probably know uh-huh but they're all along with Louise
elevator music it's right exactly i can stuck in an elevator with Louise right well
listen mike you're killing me and uh... have a great time and i'll see you hopefully at the
uh... ducks game okay you're gonna be there uh... maybe i have to tell you i'm gonna go see
the land of nights in a letter like i said have a great trip thank you see you
fit
open line and broward one day twelve thirty nine already at w i o d in w su n
following sports talk six ten it's randy rose
you stop radio six ten
rrrr
w i o d
a few too many if you ask me oh i'm sorry twelve forty one at w i o d here's a mobile in tampon
a broward line must be desperate hello
yes i went to the game yesterday and i saw my rank is blue
yeah with my three buddy who are real smog's Florida panther fan they just rubbed it in
rubbed it in yeah i liked it it was a it was an emotional experience it was a great night
great great time to experience and uh-
all my pie's done to go into the game all us who goes we like it beautiful
it's dynamite it's great i mean uh-
in fact the whole you know that called me yesterday i didn't think he would show up he showed up
with his girlfriend last night he was a good guy gave him a little autograph i'm sure they enjoyed
the game and now they're hooked forever how does girlfriend look about like he did now they
were they were both they were all right they were nice people hey Neil i mean it's better than
going to the sunset dome i'm i'm not kidding you know well first of all the thunder dome the ice
sucks the equality of the ice over there it's very very choppy and very bad and everybody's been
complaining about the ice it slows the game way down secondly you got the banking of the seats like
i've said many times it's very poor you're why looking straight into the b i've here new
of the bichson sitting in front of you no seriously the the seats at the thundered
dome aren't bank properly to watch the sporting event and thirdly they got all those sit down
folding chairs which give you hemorrhoids it's just not designed you know it's good for car
shows and boat shows right exactly right but definitely not for hockey and maybe other types of shows
and it's funny because i was reading in the sports section in Vegas of all places that they've
just agreed to build a 20 million dollar new arena downtown in tamper something like that
i haven't heard anything about that here yeah it's coming along well it's about time you know
stop with all this make-believe stuff and build a real arena maybe they'd win a gamer too yeah maybe
Neil unlikely i hated the way you said i hear it's i hear oh yeah it's i hear that's right i hear
there we go well i had to crank it up a little bit you know
r-recon r-re cigar roll okay Neil can i call some people to spare
finest tardes yes go ahead
go stato and hulio your big floor the pan the loving to spare
to reality same to you bye now boy boy
oh look at that an orange one that's unusual we have an open line oh you know what i like
in christmas time but i can't eat them because they're loaded with sugar those slices what do
they call those things like fruit slices you know those candies that are like half moons
what do they call those they call those slices they're like orange and lemon and lime
and they're just loaded with like sugar you know what i'm talking about oh god are those good
and they hit they're like jelly uh things jelly things speaking of jelly things here's
Mike from b-screen who probably has a couple of bucks for us a couple of bucks yes
becoming by in about a couple of weeks right waiting on our ups things to come back in
right that was most of our sales um so i'll be bringing that in about a couple of weeks because
we're going on vacation the colorado this week to colorado colorado huh going skiing well
isn't that great yeah i don't know jews went skiing once in a while okay once just to experience it
then you come back when you're gonna go all the way to colorado once you go to vegas for crying out
a lot if you're all the way out there next year come on mike why don't you take your lovely wife
to vegas you would have forget about skiing and getting frostbitten i'm telling you man you'd have
the time of your life it is the greatest place not that they need my help because it's loaded with
people but you just you wouldn't believe it how about i drop her off and i go to colorado
no you drop her off in colorado and you go to a vegas i'm telling you to have a great time there
well Luis would get won't be there now forget about him whatever you want it'll be there believe me
it's there all right all right so how did we do okay we did okay i don't know how much i'll have for
you but it'll be this man is never satisfied never satisfied i'll have a good amount for you'll be
a nice amount and a check two and a check two and i'll be bringing that in the week first week in
January probably on the fifth grade okay i'll have something to look forward to thanks for
your trip i'll see you then thanks mike bye bye we have an open line in day 751 one and
brownered 524 oh Jeff did call you from over there before so Tampa did call
very paranoid and very secretive around here right now like what's going on what's going on
oh you'll know soon enough you'll know soon enough oh what's going on very paranoid because like
i said they had their big meetings up in Atlanta and they sat around it's well you know we may have
made a mistake over here and we made a made a little mistake all we usually don't make mistakes but uh
yeah they have screwed us up so bad in this last year i mean here it is the it's christmas time it's
like coming on new year when people make resolutions and when people do really bad things get shot
which i think we should have a really long line in this place and let's hope that they can do a
little bit better because it can't get any worse unbelievable maybe that's the secret maybe
they're going to put David Paul on sometime like in drive time here's Miami hello
hello yeah nil what is that oh that's my uh two-month-old daughter beauty thanks hey i got a
question about last night's game fantastic game first of all we're there no unfortunately now
on tv with the baby here watching it on tv she's got her own little panther outfit already right
yeah so listen with a few minutes left in the game about four minutes left in the game right okay
Richter comes out of the goal crease he gets nailed by i don't know lower your somebody i think i
think it was uh no it was bending i'm sorry i'm burning okay bending yeah okay and so Richter's
out he's uh fair game anyway so out of goal well let me say this uh that's not really true then
the old days they used to be true but now if you really haul off and hit the goalie even if he's
out of the crease they're going to call it almost every time they call a penalty well it didn't
look like he really nailed him too hard yeah he came down on top of him right but they still call it
everything okay well everyone's still everyone going into the melee behind the net right all right
so anyway Richter gets tossed uh at least they showed it on tv that he got two minutes for roughing
right well how come he never left the game that would be nice if the goalie gets a penalty they have
to take him out and they can't replace him that would have been very nice no no no no i would i
understand no the goalie doesn't get replaced in other words if the goalie in fact my my gardener
served that penalty for the Rangers he went off into some of some they select a player it can be
anybody they want and he sits in the box for the two minutes or however long the penalty is
and the goalie stays in there oh well i was under the impression that the goalie still had to go
that goalie had to go out like and they were bringing uh the other goalie healy no yeah oh okay all
right well that was my question i was i was wondering why Richter was able to stay in the goal
yeah that's that's the answer okay well thanks very much and uh i'm out of material okay okay let me
say that Lance you play tennis like a flame and douche bag have a great holiday thank you bye bye
open line and date 751 and what had powered 524 and i could have done the john moinehan answer
that i would still be going on and explaining that uh under severe conditions if the goalie has
hemorrhoids and if the other goalie breaks his leg that they would bring email frances off the bench
in New York and that they would put the uh pads on him and they would suit him up and then if he
got hurt foster he would they would dig his body up right next to her old ballad and they would
suit him up and stick his ass in time like between the gold post and use him as the temporary net
and maybe her sees our maniago would come back and just kind of back him up but rather than go through
one of those long convoluted explanations i think it's basically pretty simple like icing it
offside and the other rudiments of our game and doesn't require a long convoluted explanation john
just to kill a lot of time and sound real suitable intellectual like you pretend you know what you're
talking about which trust me baby you don't but be sure and ask uh Roger about it today
1249 at wiods you win
jets the latest news from the 610 wiod news center each hour plus an update on traffic and the
current weather forecast
wiods
i'm going to start on this theme and i'm going to wrap it all year long
i don't get much activity on the green lines
well you can place it hasn't been done very rarely
is because when we listen to laughter in the morning he puts us aflap we don't use a wake up until
after to uh go away restaurant store for it yes there's a little restaurant in Tampa called
peepos called what? Peepos p-o-l-l-l-l-y-e-p-o-o-l you got the people
is a little little cuban gefters here they have a nice sandwich and i look up and they have a
wall of fame and who's eight by ten glossy do I see but Ron hairball Jeremy
really I lost it I thought was gonna be Luis Miguel no we need someone over here
send what okay have a good holiday okay see yeah thank another hairy story from
the west coast look at us phones all of a sudden just end out like Ron Jeremy's
the hair on his head if he had as much hair on his head as he's got on the rest of
his body being good shape open line a day to and brown one on the green line
and the star line it looks like a whole bunch to me I think during the one
o'clock hour we're playing like a Luis Miguel concert why not just play all
the songs that he sang at the concert and he sang for two hours so we'll
like playing real fast here's Miami hello hey Neil how you doing okay sir
woo hoo hey I played playing the Louisville Hill he's scared me I think you're gonna
cut me off there no I wouldn't do that and let me ask you probably somebody beat
me to it I'm gonna ask you a question are you circumcised sir that was my second
question yeah first question if you grew up in homestead what's the last city of
the west coast you had moved to if you grew up at homestead yeah lutes lutes
by Tampa I would say well close close enough I know two douchebags and one guy
from homestead both of them homestead one loop the lutes one loop the Tampa
yeah got more than Larry Skipper and they want to feel at home I guess so you
know what I'm saying I guess yeah I still clock rings there's what they do now
I believe it and probably where I'm too well on their nose they said they
display one for you what did they yeah El Paso as they say in Texas El Paso
yeah anyway moving on I said have a great holiday hey you too see yeah open line
and date 751 and we have two brow lines open at 5249463 another clock
story in the magic city here's Pompano hello how you doing sir all right
release me guys really my buddies over a key thought of mode yeah yeah buddies
over a key thought of mode I know major douchebags I know okay now we got one
line left and date and brow like I said big concert coming up in the 105 to
a clock hour today trust me when I tell you two open lines in day 751 and all
of powered one more time 5249463 what a what a slap in the post this is after a
pretty active three hours surprising enough just a day and a half before
Christmas which to be honest we that thought we'd have to play music all day
today tomorrow I think that's we're playing a farting contest between 10 and
11 and then we'll have like a big musical concert the rest of the day or not as
the case may be who the hell is going to call us on Christmas Eve anyway and
why the hell are we working besides here's Tampa hello hey Neil yes sir
got a question for you okay don't you think this Michael Jackson thing is
getting like a little bit too much I mean every time it turned the radio on
to something about Michael Jackson yeah something like that sure is getting a lot
of publicity makes you kind of wonder actually you know what surprises me is
he is charred with like molesting kids but everybody thinks it's like such a joke
hmm I think molesting kids is that funny well ask your family priest he might
tell you now I'm not Catholic okay no it is not funny that's why I don't
understand the whole thing but don't you understand every time a story like
that it isn't even the essence of the story it's the personality that outweighs it
and people can't be bothered with what the immediate the matter is don't you
understand it yeah it's just it's just another big cause so lab it's another big
it's either a Joey Botofuco and Amy Fisher who you know where
Edgar Kathy Willett it's the the flash flash story of the week that's all well
truthfully and because it's somebody else Miguel huh a truthfully I'd rather hear
about Luis Miguel any day of the week really right all right Neil have a good
one see ya boy he sounded like he just about soon have anyone open line a date
to and Broward one on the Green Line it's up to you as Rick Nelson said and
look what it did for him how's he doing by the way huh not too good open line a
day to and Broward and one on the Green Line you know the numbers and it's up to
you if I come back for the one or two hour or not or we could just do number one
record by the way in Latin America all over Latin America Mexico
Argentina well by the way don't we got to get the dope on that big New Year's Eve
concert from Argentina it's gonna be on channel 23 and I'm sure on a satellite
and find out just who's doing what to whom and Luis is singing there in Argentina
and Wayne is Arre no doubt stark naked I understand with it without the ball spot
and with it without the beard anyway our Camilla's House total is $105,000 33
dollars our center one total is 49,000 407 and you can zip into any peaches by you
and pick up all our good stuff and do a good deed
you want to get the
news talk radios 610 W I O D presents the Neil Roger show
to talk with Neil dial 751 W I O D from day in Broward 524 W I O D outside the 305
area code toll free 1 800 944 W I O D and Bell South mobility customers make it a
free call by dialing star I O D now the Neil Roger show on you stock radio
610 W I O D it's not just the 1 to 2 hour it's a phenomenon
Here's my story said but true about a girl called Cifalus oh had a bug and ran it around
gave it to every guy in town
I should have known from the spot on her left I'd end up with a urinal
error drip a part of all always be with you so stay away from a Cifalus
suit it took a close I should have seen the signs
smell the scent of a friend of mine you got infected now I've got it too
so keep away from a Cifalus suit yeah keep away from that girl hope they're
no silly will do now keep away from soon she likes to sleep around yeah
you did it with my bastard how we did it then I started to call now I'm afraid
it's falling off here's the moral of the story from a guy who knows used to have
a host where this fungus grows and skinny food that she ever knew
a keep away from a Cifalus suit yeah keep away from one oh seven at W I O D
wrecking size it to the day and of course everybody's bailing out like I said
they'll be bailing out of here after a six o'clock tonight jazz jazz
mccay will be in here she from two to six tomorrow then all week they'll be on
vacation and then God only knows what's going to happen after that and he's got
doubts and boy Gary just comes in and says goodbye he's on the way to Lewisville
for the holidays he's taken off right now so he's out of here and good thing I got my
check that's all I can say because if I hadn't been working on it they would all just
slipped out the door very quietly and it took a clock it would have been a ghost
on it was a cheat check we forgot about that we're gone we're history but that's
just the way they are so anyway it's just kind of us and tomorrow yes we all
will be here except for a Rick and Sides' jazz will be here now how about tomorrow
night is Randy got off again tomorrow night so to speak I don't think so I think
she's working tomorrow night then Saturday the Drew Meister is he out of here
permanently now as he just offered the holidays is he going to play like the
Christmas L for Ferry on Saturday something like that maybe he's a fill in for
Brian or across this year but anyway so Adam and Marvin which is fine because a
couple of Jews being here on Christmas night there's nothing wrong with that
they'll be on Saturday eight to midnight anyway here's a mobile and crawl
springs hello hello what is wrong with this thing man hello there we go hey
Neil how are you okay I want to say I'm a first time caller yes and I live in
Missouri but I did live in Florida for three years long time with her to you okay
I mean you're talking about the panthers earlier I want to tell you the people out
here who are listening to you that do not know hockey they need to support that
team it's a hell of a sport man if they're leaving early they're all amongst you
do you back they're there are supporting them don't worry about that we have three
record crowds three straight games we broke our attendance for I read that
this for now fantastic they tied the Rangers last second that's fantastic
we tied the Rangers we beat the Rangers last night yeah okay the papers today
tied them up to two no let me say it again we beat the Rangers three two well
fantastic yeah oh that's even better that is even better yeah yeah put a
little on a kid all right see you two open lines and
Broward 524 1 on a green line 1 80944 9463 so during the break the
a bat line rings and George puts it on hold he says to me it's Elvita I pick
it up and there's a dial tone then he calls back and I pick it up and he
why he did that because he wanted to make sure he wasn't on the air again so
you put this on the heels of that mysterious visit by Bob Green earlier
over you heard anything from Tampa today yet to Tampa call about anything yet
no and he goes flying out of here like a bad out of hell so something is in the
wind in WS you win and I said what's up Tom well about those hockey tickets are
you gonna use them Tom didn't call about the hockey tickets okay so there's
something in the air at WS you win George that we don't know about remember
the last time I got a call at that he was gonna call back at two yeah yeah
that's right that was the following week we went on Y&F for a week for that
great experiment and then they stabbed us in the back and took us off when we're
on the verge of really building something now I have a feeling it's like in
reverse I really do I think that probably they're gonna put let's see what are
going to the put jazz mccayon in midday they'll put Chris Baker on in the
afternoon and then they'll run our reruns of their tapes from six o'clock till
six the next morning probably what they're gonna do two open lines both in
Broward 5249463 it's 11 after one at WIOD and maybe WS you win everybody knows
the holidays mean getting together and getting together usually means eaten lots
and lots of eaten being a real hazard so make the Holly's jolly for your family
and friends with a gift certificate from the Outback Steakhouse home of the
Blue Man onion and a great walk about soup and delicious sysland steak and
chicken and don't forget that great shrimp on the Barbie too Outback Steakhouse
gift certificates are available in ten twenty five dollar and fifty dollars
denominations and for each thousand dollars worth of certificates purchased
before December 31st you'll get a free dinner for two a thirty five dollar
value so this holiday season give them all the gift of great taste from the
Outback Steakhouse nothing like the gift of great taste locations on North
Federal Highway in Fort Lauderdale in Kendall at the town of country center in
Flagler Park Plaza on Southwest 89th place in Breyer Bay north east
163rd and sunny Isles on Pines Boulevard in Pembroke Pines Riverside driving
Coral Springs on Pine Island Road in Jacker Reinde Square and on Southwest
18th Street in Bokka Raton the Outback Steakhouse this afternoon at two it's
Rick and Sods then it's six it's sports talk six ten so anyway I see my
friend big Allison here Mr. Great Game last night but of course he was
probably busy anyway it's one thirteen at W.I.O.D. and let's do Palm Beach
Gardens hello hi Neil yes sir how you doing great how you doing pretty good
Cam Neely is God is he well you don't plan the right team though sir he could
be if he played two games in a row yeah also kind of like Mario Lemieux yeah yeah
uh-huh two bonds as a heck of a hockey player huh kind of like John
Offer doll if he played two games in a row that would be like front page news yeah
yeah yeah two Barnes is a good player in fact I think we got a couple of good
acquisitions I think Greg Hall good as a outstanding defenseman yeah two
Barnes looks pretty damn good to me he's a gutsy tough hard-nosed kid he skates
up and down the ice to he plays both ends of the rank I like that he plays both
ends against the middle you're right yeah yeah you're up and down you'd made a
comment about the dolphins you know no imagination on the offense right I'd say
this guy Gary Stevens has got a good pulse on the team does he they can't
execute how you gonna put some trick poison if these four million dollar
athletes can't hold on to the ball well at some point you have a point there
they can't execute maybe execution is the answer sir I think we need to yeah
because I'm in favor of it for several of them yeah yeah Fred Q'sic there you go
do you have any of his cuts I wouldn't be surprised if I got a Fred Q'sic thing on
here if you give me about 10 seconds can you handle it that long well my wife
doesn't think I can but probably not let me just take a peek and see I know I got
Freddie in here somewhere come on Fred well he's an old guy you know it takes him
a little longer to get it up and do his thing let's see here's Bob Cole here's
Foster Hewitt and look what I got in my hand right now sir not that and Fred
Q'sic to go and stay to the keep it in shot by Hines is why
Spalensky I think trying to put it on that miss now it's taken by Hines shot
score Steve Hines beats Goslin for a two-to-one bronze lead now one
bronze really breaks it up that's it to leave
it out of the box on screen has it looks for nearly in front
stars nearly right in front to make it three to one the bronze on the back
handers oh how do you like that that was excellent 42 years the man has been
broadcast in hockey's only a hundred years old and he's still just as good as he
ever was he still can get it up listen now just came over on CNN that Richter
tried to commit suicide this morning did he get off the plane jumped out
front of a bus and it went between his legs beauty have a great day pal happy
holidays to you good old Mike Richter well listen you know all things must pass
and like three of them did right between his legs last night and the puck too we
have an open line it's on a green line and one in date seven five one nine four six
three here's Miami hello hey good afternoon Neil yes sir thank you and very
Christmas for that heavenly have you gave me last week oh you got it yeah
man they're they're not paying me I just started a new job and I started in
between paper it's they're not paying me till January 6th right
right got some of that good meat from us well that's good you got it and I
think you know that that stupid memo you got yesterday about about you know
about not talking about doing all two your socials on the air what
memo was that I read something over the area no that wasn't here that was
from WFT all that was the light bulb oh no that was that was guys were those
those guys weren't talking about it they were doing it evidently well we
should tie them down with that that plumber the commissioner plumber and blow
pot in their faces or something close to it that would be good and maybe for
lucky we could buy like a yo Disney and turn it into Amsterdam land you could
head up the cuisine and and we'll get everything else it up there you go well
Merry Christmas yeah I could set up the good stuff to eat no question about
that and the food too right okay listen have a great life and a happy one to
you okay piece of something open line and day 751 and one on a green line 1
eight hundred nine four four nine four six three yeah you missed a great game
their last night I was really dynamite and great time was had by all and at the
game as well but anyway and of course tonight's track night let me tell you that
right now tonight is a big night fat reaches up there and you know the good
news is there's good news and bad news because life isn't perfect rich the good
news is that thanks to a lot of pressure for me and Joe Hartman rich didn't
mess around with the track packs money last night he picked prissy sister the
mortal lock and even though she won by only an X she still won the race it still
counts and we got another 1300 bucks in a pot to wind up with over 22 grand on
our promotion that was the good news the bad news is fat rich had a real bad
night at Pompooh Park last night ah shucks it's about time enough is enough
already you know I'm talking about enough running our nose in it all depending
on what it is here's Miami on the starline hello see are you really are you
cereal have you ever been there before so you know the way to San Jose
last airline buddy it's way to go beauty I want to get your comment about the
dog for game Monday night my comment yeah what I think don't bet the
ranch is my comment okay pal huh Mitchell is gonna start and all he's got to do
is look at somebody cross-eyed and the burgl be in their real fast trust me
what I tell you I hope we can get out of satellite down there and you know just
just for the record I like to call out now forget it okay see yeah okay call
this we have an open line a day 751 one on a starline star IOD one on the
green lines and we're waiting for that big news now maybe one of our spies on
the west coast knows what the big news is already from velvita that probably
supposed to be a top secret but I'm sure just about everybody in town already
knows it at 1-800-944-9463 here's Delray Beach hello hey that's what I'm
watching I can't guess Dave Lowry shoot these scores where you see in that yes the
answer is the end to oh we don't have that on our thing here in this crappy gold
coast cable yeah but you do have had it we do have and no we don't have that we
have MTV Latino which is on right now as I speak you believe the scorpions are
singing wind of change oh well kill that in English you believe this team I'm
gonna tell you I will agree with Moynihan on one thing okay that he keeps
repeating and it's an absolutely correct observation that is we're getting
spoiled because we've come to expect this team to be competitive with
everybody and we and when you got an expansion team you have no reason to
expect that I mean you should expect to get the living crappy out of you now
and in just like the penguins beat the crap out of the lightning the other
night eight to three and the lightning or a second year team but this team
man has got the balls of a hippopotamus they're just never give up their
competitive with everybody and we ought to kiss the ground for a nice little mix
they got yeah exactly these like lowery man like lowery had great playoff
experience he gave the Leafs a tough time in that series last year when he was
with the blues and now of course we got him he's experienced Grewdland's
experience from the Canadians we got a lot of guys with good experience these
aren't just a bunch of green rookie no no talents who just came out of the
minor leagues now those playoff games will top in the up in our her you bet well
I tell you what I'm looking forward to it and it's kind of kind of reminds me of
the marlins in the mess a little bit as long as we can beat the lightning
yeah yeah that see there are there are basically two things that I'm really
hoping for number one like you said is finish ahead of the lightning it's a
good rivalry were seven points ahead as we speak and number two of course is
maybe just sneak into those playoffs which at the moment I mean we're like
right on the average we're right on the edge of being right in their competitive
I'll tell you what I'll give the team a big jump ahead and the whole thing to be
able to get a playoff would that be something as it says on the scoreboard
after we score a goal up there unbelievable that's what it would be all right have a
great holiday pal see you open line on a green line 1 800 surprise it's 1 21 a
W I O D in W S U N no surprises in the bottle when you open up snapple my friends
only the best stuff on earth that's why more and more people are jumping on the
snapple bandwagon because it's delicious it's good for you it tastes great it
goes down smooth and the snapple too how to help can you beat it snapple ice
tea's taste you like you're brooding yourself at home the snapple fruit
flavors taste real because they are real and snapple ice teas fruit drinks
and sodas are all natural with no let me say it again absolutely no artificial
flavors preservatives or ingredients of any kind and for your superjokes with a
big holiday we came with all the bowl games coming up with all our hockey and
stuff just get a whole case of that snap up and go crazy like our friendship
managed to snap a natural beverages made from the best stuff on earth pick
them up to Windixie Woolies Exxon Sherburns mobile Freddy's Walgreens and
other fine stores just about every damn place
don't miss the weekend magazine featuring the latest news information trends and
what's happening this Saturday and Sunday morning right here
really he's thinking of quitting touring because two weeks before that his agent
got killed and he's got a new agent though now yeah yeah he was thinking about it
did he give a great big speech there about it beforehand he did the
not about that just but not not about his agent getting killed now now you
can't find him he looked very much that's tough because he's a hot property I
got him all stacked up right here but anyway like I said have a great the
new year and I'll see you at the a ducks game you're gonna be at the mighty ducks
yes I am and we will see you up at pompino great bring Chris up there great
excellent okay nice to see a Chris thanks for your good okay one twenty four
huh boy boy see you guys okay watch yourself let's go to Miami Springs hello
yeah yeah when scootland guys hurt last night yes when he got hit in the face by a
puck I thought that shot the angle from where I sit no way was he shooting at
the goal I hate to say it but my god the angle was so high yeah when he went down
I was just p in my pants I thought if we lose Brian Scootland I especially he
was really a plan of hell of a game last night we just had so many injuries I just
can't believe it and luckily he just shook it off after man and the same with
lorry remember when they got the penalty for boarding lorry yeah and I thought he
wasn't gonna get up over there but the Rangers notoriously are a dirty team going
back to the days of Lou Fountain that oh and Eddie Shack and that crowd here's a
way can't hear it can't hear but thanks anyway there's two Barnes goal against
the Bruins we have an open line and date one in the blue line did you get him that
tape by the way you take care of that thank you so much anyway let's I don't
think I'm gonna have enough breath left to talk to a velvita to a clock I'm
speechless and breathless at this point what the hell am I doing wrong you know
let's go to Sarasota hello hello cemetery village Christmas yes and unhappy new
year towards the night before Christmas and all through the condominium not a
colostomy bag was shaken not even Nick Navarro Rudy with your high beams on so
goddamn bright won't you drive curtrue to the early bird tonight oh I'll go now
yeah hey that was beautiful and thank you I think there's two spy reports maybe
one that they're gonna be doing what you been on uh uh WSN what you're in
half and you haven't a live spy yet right now that's not gonna be a trust
man oh yeah yeah we're gonna be doing spots over there yeah where to
when velvita starts asking me do I want to send him the tickets back I know
that's something in the window over there yeah he says are you gonna use those
tickets on Sunday are you gonna go I said well what the hell do you think I wanted
him for of course I'm going I'm going over to kick his ass right now yeah and of
course so that's just that's just like trying to make a funny so to make sure
I'm here at two o'clock so whatever this call is about another bunch of crap
that everything that you've done you've come over here for a week and you
well wait a minute before you overreact I don't know what it is I just know it's
a bunch of crap I'm going to buy a report right here in your hands what is it about
harassment on WFL a sexual harassment suit against the station and names a Ted
Web and Bob Blaster in there yeah and it's it it claims that a women employees at
station were referred to as bitches bimbo and vagina really and she was a
president of the vagina club uh-huh and at one point of the lawsuit her show
with with the billbo's billboards billbo's that that rhymes with bimbo is that WFL a
reads a list can say high sailor and 36 languages and that fat ass Bob
Blaster is on is uh named the suit with WFL a uh-huh oh you do have that I thought
we're concerned that the yeah but when I played it's much more muted like huh
so um uncle nea may I take the condom off it when they play what is it uncle
nea may I call a family member a douchebag yes sir uh-lily my dog is a poop on
the rug douche dog okay so I never react and have a great holiday pal
bye-bye the nice don't you okay we have an open line two of them in on the
green lines and one on a blue line so anyway where did our guests go um oh by
the way here's some money for a Camille house Adam since you're taking care of
all these things in between a shoveling that crap down your throat whatever
that is and your lunch too let's go to a four-letter on the star line hello uncle
neal yes sir very X-mas to you Mary to you to sir you know what I don't want to
get serious right thing but I don't I don't understand this uh this Michael
Jackson interview yesterday after was over I was listening to a EDR that damn
fact that I can't stand up yeah I don't like them too much change that to 48
there 105 048 if you would add him you can look at it eye to eye you're so nice
and tall 48 048 instead of 033 at a boy you can do it go ahead sir anyhow on
this EDR they get a these people calling in for their reaction kind of like they
did on TV yesterday right on channel six and and a lot of the a lot of these
people are calling it and they're going it's the white man who's trying to bring
them down and yeah I don't consider myself to be prejudice or racist or any of this
other stuff I mean the guy is the wacko I don't care whether he's black or white
or I mean it you know that it just it never fails to astonish me how some people
and of course it's usually the so-called leaders like the NAACP who started
shooting off their mouth a couple of days ago how they can take something like
this and twisted into a racial issue it would be like remember when John Wayne
Gacy was found bearing the bodies of all those kids in Chicago all those boys
and it would be like if some gay rights group came up and said oh this is
discrimination against homosexuals or some white supremacy groups said well
there's a discriminating against him because he's a white man and the fact that
he killed all these kids well let's got nothing to do with it you know what what
is that all about and let's forget that we're talking about a pedophile exactly
we're talking about somebody who admittedly sleeps in a big bed with a lot of
little boys who takes them around and buys them thousands and thousands and
showers them with all kinds of gifts and who allegedly has like written out
all these checks to the parents of these kids which makes one wonder what the
hell that's all about I mean there you know there's no question that there's
still are some doubts but there sure seems to be a hell of a lot of a
preponderance of evidence that indicates there's something wrong going on here
along with the testimony of maids and servants and bodyguards and all kinds of
people who saw them like running around cavorting naked with little boys there
was something there to be answered about and you know he makes a big deal that
he was searched I mean that's that that's nothing compared to you know believe me
I got better they didn't find much on that you know I'm talking about yeah there
wasn't much to check out on that thing I guess small package right you know the
other thing is your your station on that song that you guys have to sense
there instead of staying be it in a reaction and all that other right tell me if
I'm wrong at the end doesn't it say something like it can't be better there's
nothing like a five-year-old or can't be as tight as a five-year-old I didn't say
can't be as tight didn't say that because you said they're black their white
they're really tight I think he's talking about his jeans yeah I guess yeah well I'm
kind of a skintai he wears those skintai jeans you know I see but it just
seemed you can't say well I don't you know I did just as so ridiculous to me I mean
beat it is the name of one of his best-selling songs and the fact that we have
to delete that and we live in such a juvenile society my friend that it's just
that you have no idea what we go through here just to try to entertain people on
an adult level everything has to be brought down to the level of a sandbox it is a joke it is a joke
well I'm I hate to we live in a country where freedom of speech is only a
figment of your imagination believe me I'm in kind of a bad mood so I'm gonna
call Santa Claus a douchebag okay and have a nice day see ya leaving some
still cookies okay maybe Roger Thorpelead him we have an open line and
date 751 one on the star line at star IUD two on the green lines at 1-800-944
holy Toledo let's go to a lady in Del Rey Beach not too many women today by
the way that's really astonishing they're all busy baking their stuff and they
get ready here's a lady in Del Rey hi Neil hi Del Rey a few months ago you
mentioned about your drugs had my do what yeah that had a ear infection yeah
my puppy Helena Picanese has ear infections and I really don't want to put
on the steroids again don't oh she's don't put your dog on steroids right
what kind of a crappy vet of you got anyway well you mentioned that out the
home vinegar now forget about that those are all wives tales the stuff that I
got from the vet is called topogen T.O.P.A.G.E.N. and it's great it does wonders
it's like a it's a antibiotic it's an ointment and you just stick it in
their ear so to speak and it worked great on my dog his ears are beautiful now
all right that's like vinegar or something like huh no don't start for
patching with all that stuff in their ear that's just old the fairy tales
believe me anybody knows old fairy tales on the guy my son also thank you okay
good luck open line in the broward 524 and 2 on the green lines 1 890 4 4 9 4 6 3
133 WI OD in WSUN for those last minute gift ideas this last day and a half
the clock is winding man there's nothing more appreciated than a heavily
ham what a sweet thing that is trust me and the meat too smoke turkey or a box
of heavily ham's gourmet sticks also be outstanding too from heavily ham
where they prepare spiral sliced honey and spice glazed ham's to serve up to
35 people heavily ham's have half the salt content of other ham's in their
fresh never frozen and trust me when I tell you will really taste the
difference also with heavily ham turkeys are smoked for 22 hours of the natural
juices are locked in by their secret process just carve and serve so tender it'll
melt right on the table or at the very least right in your mouth turkeys are
available whole bone in or boneless breast heavily ham also has gourmet
side dishes homemade cakes and pies and freshly baked breads and rolls to a
company or meal as well heavily ham also carries Omaha steaks fillets New
York strips and other fine cuts and they'll ship their products anywhere in the
continent of the U.S. of eight heavily ham you've got three locations to choose
from in Miami at 1 2 2 3 5 South Dixie highway in the Dixie Bell shops in Davia
20 70 South University drive in the home Depot Plaza and in Bokadirfield just
to have block north of Hillsborough and East Side of Federal Highway or just call
in formation for the phone number of the heavily ham that's closest by you
tonight after Randy Rhodes it's Don and Mike
oh excuse me 135 so I got this big important call from Velvita to a clock
which means we're probably going off here in Tampa all the all three line did
they pull us off yet already let's see now we're still on the satellite I think
they're pulling us off over there but that's okay let's see I wanted to play
this but I was otherwise distracted for just a couple of seconds there oh yeah
I wanted to play this again because it's time-leamed because it'll probably kill
a couple of minutes and all three of the green lines went dead I don't understand it
did somebody pull the plug over there 1 800 944 9463 they acted
right along to the gate squared and got a great big zipper in the back of my
pants get off the horse at the old barn door got my saddle burned around I'm
a right on the horn
look inside folks are dancing all around there goes Johnny and his mother's
not down all the man left and all the man right all the man needs a pillow to
bat give your partner a silly a smirk all going hands for a big circle jerk
volunteers all raise your hand who's going to be the next pivot man
invite your partner home for a drink lick your lips and give him a
weight with a great big smile and a great big nod let him know your gerbil's
applause oh that's it I forgot that's a short one and the bit too well I'm
putting stuff away here because I see everybody else is getting ready to leave
why the hell should I right what are we gonna do here tomorrow I think that's
outrageous don't you on Christmas Eve day that they have us coming in here out
of a sick bed no less I'm just finally starting to feel better get over this
flu everything seems to be you know turning a little bit rosier like those
rosy cheeks that we're just in here and what else can I say everything's like
turning up beautiful and that we got to come in here tomorrow nobody's going
to be calling us tomorrow the day before Christmas for crying out loud for
Christ's sake I'm sorry let's go to a mobile in St. Petersburg hello
hey how are you okay sir have anyone mentioned Michael Jackson eyelashes yesterday
no not yet oh he was fluttering I thought he was gonna fly away his eyes
he looked like a little Peter Pan and drag yesterday that's what it was a
huh a little Peter Pan I mean seriously I want you to stop and think of this
the civil trial supposedly is going to start in March okay which one's civil
huh which won't be civil we're not if he's there can you imagine him showing up
there in court looking like that and maybe he's gonna have his sergeant pepper
outfit on and maybe the champion be sitting on his knee I mean what kind of a
trial is that gonna be the jury's just gonna fall right down in the
basement of him they're gonna pee in her pantaloonies man if there's anybody
out there who doesn't think that money can't buy justice I don't know what they're
doing yeah that's what's going on well you would think like I said before over and
over again you would think that somebody with his money and his resources could
find some way to satisfy whatever his personal desires are without like
jeopardizing his entire you know what I'm saying like like hang out in Bangkok most
of the year do something get out of here you know what I like is you know his
song it's black and white and did you notice what the defense attorneys are
same thing there's one black and one white yeah so it's his lifestyle exactly
and he can't decide which way to go you're absolutely right listen have a great
holiday you're too near and a great life okay but if I am guilty of anything it is
of giving all that I have all that I have to give say what my penis my buttocks
my lower torso thighs and any other error that they wanted to help children all
over the world okay let's take another one from Tampa hello hey it's Randy
Randy is going to soon last I think what is it I think Randy is doing last
that well didn't that guy said it was an employee to station no it's an FLA this is
a thing that goes back when last year worked at FLA there's some broad that
worked in the news department there and this is a it's been going on for years I
forget how many years ago this was four or five years ago oh so I I become a
pseudo-oja provoked something like that all right for a Randy did sue I wouldn't
blame her to be honest with him listen I got some some great information my wife and I went
shopping last night yeah come home with all this loot for Christmas right she didn't know I had
already been out day before pull all the stuff out of my trunk she's changing clothes stuff
it all into the tree she comes walk it out oh my god she's all excited once
enough everything is the right sign so I'm like well you want to find out how to try something
this on so she's trying on this try on that last night okay Christmas you know
not not for a couple days yet next thing you know she's got that twinklin or eye because of all the
money I spent she's dragging me off and I'm thinking is this why they do Hanukkah over eight days
right exactly now you're catching on you can't beat it Gentiles a little bit slow to catch on but
sooner or later you'll get with it happy holidays and a same to you pal all those green lines wide
open man there's something going on over there you just can feel it you know it's like a little
annoying in the pit of your stomach you know that there are you can you can just smell it oh
smells like the inside of El Vita's car like that the bottom front oh god you never smell
anything like that in your life like a car that's about 40 years old it's had like a lot of smelly
naked people lying in it probably him too the unwashed and the unclean here's Hollywood hello
cheesy yeah cheesy that's where he got the name from I get to a nail pretty good sir
hey the rumor that our bridge shield got married to uh the drummer for bond joby why was a geek really
yeah like I thought that was Michael's girlfriend uh-huh she's getting out of the
tailors his girlfriend he's in the older women now he's becoming more mature that's why he
looked like that hey me oh this is the guy you think what you think what
