Live from the WSU and studios in St. Petersburg. It's the Neil Rogers show on news talk radio 620 WSU end
Okay, 117 at W I O D and Randy the goddess is here briefly. She's on her way to the airport to pick up Jim
Oh god, come on. Come on. We have definitely different taste. Okay. I'll tell you one thing
Take Jim and put him into control room before the afternoon is out and then they won't be concerned about me at all
Yeah, just a joke Randy just a little joke. So anyway, I love Jim. Do you love you?
Is he flying in on a plane or just flying in on a plane? My mom
He is paying for the plane ticket as part of my birthday present. Yes, yeah and and we're going rollerblading
And I asked one little thinking question. I said how do I get to Bay Shore so I can go rollerblading on that big
Unbroken sidewalk that they have and
Velveda sticks his head in here and he goes
Marilyn is working on a map for you right now. We'll have directions to you in 40 50 seconds
Okay, now can I show you something out of computers pick your head about the thing here? You know what's that?
Yeah, pick your head under the thing and pick your nose and there's like you don't see any broward names on their day
No, no, it's that way consistently
I don't do ever say it but I wouldn't make any difference
Don't use that as an excuse. It doesn't make any difference because they don't want to talk to us
Don't you understand? They're not interested in us. They hate it. They can take and take and they never listen
They like soak it up, but they don't want to squeeze it back. It's true and last but are just to change the subject
Because a nice man, but very insecure now. You have to
But you see yes very insecure. So you're all right. Who's writing on there? Check back with us is Kurt writing check back with us on a thing there
Check back with us. Yeah
Check back with us and what yeah check back with this baby. Okay, let's do
See and and you told me something that got me like off freaked out in here
I thought like he's got a good sense of humor and everything and all
Psychotic. He's got paranoid in there. Yes. Yes. Well, that's good because any I have always
When if you really wants me, you know, Velvita's gonna make me like let him have me
That is correct. What time is it now? He said we're here to serve. Yeah, really? Yeah
So what would you tell us or what? Yeah, well, you want to bat around some balls?
No balls if that's what you want. That's what you'll do. It's just a radio show
Okay, and like I always say when I don't care what you think she thinks you're ugly by the way, Kurt
But I don't care people who look good should have to pay a price of taking a lot of crap about it
I don't see where he looks so good. Neil we have such different tastes to somebody
Well, he's cute. He's like one of those little ivory boys if you can case everybody out there's wondering like what kind of taste
I mean ivory boy as an ivory soap and don't drop it. Yeah, well, that's what he's nervous about is he yeah
But he's just one of these you know fresh face
He's saying in my hand. You're all like they all are he's not first. Oh, he's not 17 years old
He's not 17 years old. Maybe what 21?
There you go. I would say like 20 right right right he's a youngster. Yeah, and he's got that fresh
I told you see you don't know what the hell is going on wait wait till you guys meet Jim man wait until you guys meet Jim
Trust me. What's wrong with him trust me
Jim is stunning and brilliant and wonderful and I love him now
What does that thing he just gave me on seven? What is that? What was that?
He just gave me a thing like I don't know what the hell that meant seven o'clock tonight. No, I'm gonna be busy Kurt
He just put like a thing on here. Okay. What are we doing George? I think they're just totally losing him here
Hey, George. Hi, Rudy. Hi, you're 27
Get out of here. Yeah, get out of here. You're 27 my ass man. You're 27. No, no way
You really are now do you think he looks better at 20
Well, yeah, he looks terrific exactly see what I'm saying. You're always well preserved
I only came to work for sure in public to kiss your ass in public to worship you to thank you
And don't you think that he and Susie make a real cute couple Susie looks exactly like boy Gary's wife
Exactly so Susie hold out you can marry a program director. You don't need to be a deal with a boy now
I was crude. I come in here and beat the crap out of you
I would just slap the taste out of your mouth right now
I don't remember boy gerry's wife
I have tried to forget everything. I'll never know. She's beautiful. She's smart. She's nice
She's got a great sense of humor how smart can she be she married him because you know, he makes all the money that I don't
You really think he makes a lot of money. Yes, I do isn't he moving into your neighborhood, huh?
He allegedly is building a house on my street lucky you which is another reason why I must I must move over here immediately
Yeah, see let's not go please Neil. Let's not go. Let's not go back there who the hell's going back
Right Jim has flying over here with the last of your earthly possessions
All right, and my dogs are coming over here express and that's it. What the hell more do we need nothing?
Nothing we got everything we need here. I'm serious this place is unbelievable. It's amazing. I'm so relaxed
Yeah, so unpsychotic and so happy and excited at the same time
Do you know what I mean? It's like that relaxed but excited feeling that you have just don't want to relax
But excited feeling I can relate to that right now
So you're gonna go pick up Jim now. Yeah, I gotta go great
I'll have a safe trip and enjoy your rollerblading this chapter now
All right, what am I gonna do? I think I might just actually go back and take like a little nap
Yeah, it'll be nice in the in my polatial suite in that beautiful hotel. Oh, I got the bathroom by the way
Isn't that nice? Oh, they put out the bathroom for you and they put out the little chocolate
Days on your thing and they come in a massage your back
Everywhere we've gone here. They have treated us like and then how about the fruit? Oh, this morning
I got no not that fruit the basket of fruit
They in a hotel they evidently knew the goddess was in town and they sent up a beautiful basket of fruit
And they said here try out our basket
Yes, and
Look at speaking of that look who just walked in speaking
The car one look at that so have a safe trip Randy and get out of here already
We're okay. It's 123 on the iod network. I
Am back. This is Bob Lasseter. I'll be here from six to ten a.m. Starting February 1st on news talk radio six 20 WS
UN
We
And it wouldn't be quite so bad if they were going to die
I love to die
I want the people to be Canadian
Who weighs me hundred pounds
They run around with the speed of art
And they're perfect hanging down
They hold
They cheat
And they are dead
They hold
They cheat
And they are dead
I don't have a phone spot
They cheat
And they are dead
This has been an experience
I could like do the closing comments starting now for like the next 32 minutes
Do like a closing monologue
Is the ball lasted or would do but I'm not going to do that
Opening monologue I did
Sorry
But seriously this has been an experience
Maybe the audience thinks I'm building the earlier something but they can ask
Any of us who have been here including Rick and Pud and Randy
And it's just been amazing or Bob because Bob the first thing he said when he came here today was
This is almost embarrassing they're treating us so well
I mean they are taking care of our every need they are like wiping us from head to toe
And spraying us with cologne and putting lilacs and beautiful petal flowers on our pillows at night
And just they're massaging everything including our egos
And amazing
Here's Naples hello
Yes Neil
Oh okay I heard you calling no colors from Fort Myers
We made it we had a WWC and mystery voice from Naples before 2 o'clock
Thank God you saved Tony Allen's ass again pal
All right
You saved him from oblivion
Speaking of I got a little Joe and Stan spy report for a couple of real geeks
Just swiping some of your material
Not again
They were swiping the dolphin song last Friday
And the very keen paint your ball spot
They were swiping that stuff
Yes sir
The whole thing
See Tony Allen likes to give us this song and a dance about well no they're just doing it on the promos
And they're just promoting your show and all this other crap
And the meantime I'm sure they're stealing our material
When you've had your material stolen as many times as I have not
Not to include present company in this room
It's just you get used to it I guess
Okay so you're enjoying the west coast
We are enjoying it the weather is great the pelicans are beautiful and friendly
And everybody in this building is like dynamite
And it just it's I've never had an experience like this
In three plus years in this business I've never had an experience this pleasant
Oh okay a little bit laid back and lazy that's probably another reason why you're not getting any calls from this area
Yeah a little laid back lazy in the geriatric right
And you want to want to hang on the phone for 45 minutes or an hour
I guess they got other things to do
Right they have a life a life
Well listen you have a great weekend and thanks for saving Tony's bud
Okay
Have a good one
Bye-bye
130 at WIOD don't forget the prestigious clearwater mall
Do you know where that is?
You do know where it is
I would hope so
US 19 and Route 60
Tomorrow 230 to 430
Bob Lassard is going to be there won't you be shocked when you see all the weight that Bob has lost
Man he is a shadow of his former selves
And he's going to be there
He'll be the guy without the fat on his eyelids
And the Randy's going to be there
The goddess with her beautiful new pictures
Those wonderful Olivia Newton John look like pictures
That look nothing like her but she only wishes
And I bet she she brings Jim along
Oh God he's going to like be the one floating through the promenade there
And you haven't met Jim yet of course not Bob
Wait till you meet Randy's fiance Jim
Who were like flaps his arms like a hummingbird in heat
And occasionally takes off the ground
And then we got Rick and Suds of course will be there and I'll be there
So we got our Camilla Sound Stuff
And then Tuesday night don't forget for the South Florida people
At Petzelov 530 to 830
Here's Miami on the Star Line
Hello
Hello Neil
Yes sir
How you doing today?
Pretty damn good pal
How's camp on?
Almost too good to be true
Have you been to Papuses yet?
Have we been to what?
Papuses
What the hell is that?
That's a real famous Greek restaurant up here
No
Oh I hear it's really good I've been there myself
But they keep telling me to go there whenever I'm up there
Food here is out of sight
I thought the Tampa was basically like Brandon
I thought it was basically just a series of fast food chains
And steak and shake and crystals
I thought that's basically what the series was
But they got some food that are not your thing off
It's a really good Greek restaurant
Here it's out in the springs around here
Okay
I'm sure one of your columns will tell you
Anyway that's not what I'm calling
As soon as you said Greek
Well somebody just ran out of the other room
Go ahead
I'll just flip that in
Listen last time they had the hockey
I sent money in for the tickets
Yes sir
I got refunded
I got money for three seats
And I was wondering if you knew anything about the
season ticket yet
You mean for the Miami team?
Yeah
I'm not following you got money for three seats
Yeah I want to get season tickets
I tried the last time around and they set the money back
There was a number but needless to say I don't have it here
So you'll have to wait till Monday I guess
We'll get that all figured out
Because now that I got my new rekindle hockey enthusiasm
After last night
I'm gonna promote the hell out of it man
Oh I'm they took me to Buffalo
I was a kid and I was there for the one time
They got to the Stanley Cup with the French connection
But that was it
They don't do the shot anymore
So anyway can I call somebody a douchebag?
Yes sir
Dean Bucksbaum at Creative Directors
You are the douchebag
Okay have a great weekend
Okay well straight into hockey crap out on Monday
So anyway I got all my stuff
I got my maple leafs
Fact book here, a big thick stuff that's got like all these pictures and autographs and stats
And all these statistics upon
I mean to give you an idea of how thick and how complete this thing is
It's got every penalty shot
That the maple leafs have ever taken and taken against them
Everyone
And the all time goal-tending roster
There's Johnny Brower and there's Turk Broda
And there's Ed Chadwick and Doug Favelle and Bruce Gamble
Bruce let's take the gamble and Caesar Maniago
Oh God Caesar
And Mike Palmatier and Bernie Peront
And Felix Potman who played a great game last night
Not a good game, a great game
And Jake the snake, Jacques Depline and all the other good stuff
Every statistic gets autographed by Foster Hewitt
And it says Bill Hewitt is still alive
And we'll give you his address and shoe size
Here is St. Petersburg
Hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
Hey how you doing
Tremendous man
Great great great
Hey Taylor and he put it in park
Can you believe that? That's a true story
Yeah
She had that baby in reverse and the car too
That's incredible
Hey listen I just want to confirm
You're going to be on the show tomorrow
We're going to be on that show
The cast fountain show
So what?
The Kathy fountain show
What the hell is that?
For Channel 13
No
Oh you're not going to do that?
No
I thought you were out of town
We told him the stuff that thing
Are you kidding me?
I misunderstood
Which maybe is why they didn't bother to show up today
Because we don't want to do one of those stupid pubic service kind of shows
I'm not interested in that crap
It's like in the biggest waste of time
Well it's boring
It's terminal
I was wondering because today they were doing something on monster trucks
And I'm like Neil's going to do this
No, no way
So I'm okay
Well never mind about that
We got a few more important things to do tomorrow
Like meet our pubic out there at the clear water mall
Yeah really I'm going to try and get there too
I'm really nervous
So tell Kathy to put a sack over it, okay?
Okay listen we'll see you tomorrow pal
Okay
Have a great day
134 on the prestigious IOD network
Live from the WSU and studios in St. Petersburg
It's the Neil Rogers show on News Talk Radio 620 WSU N
138 so Georgia have a very important question for you
George
Yes
Do you remember a real idiot and more on that work that WIOD his name was Mike Grayson?
Yes
And you remember the stunt that he pulled at time he came in the control room
And he pulled his pants down he dropped his drawers for the entire world of say
Grey fruit of the looms
Grey fruit of looms and Mike Grayson told us at the time that he learned that trick
From one of his friends in the Tampa St. Pete area
About dropping your drawers
Remember that?
I remember
Yeah
So we're all still sitting over here waiting
Oh I need your love, John
Yes you know it's true
I hope you need my love, John
Just lift me fast for you
Oh oh oh me
Touch me
You and me
But me
I need my share of love, John
Eight times a day
I love you every day, John
Just look straight after blind
Oh
I think this is my best side
I get a tight shot of my behind
Oh oh oh me
Touch me
But like that, you and me
But me
I need my share of love, John
Eight times a day
Eight times a day
It's just a lowball average
Eight times a day
It's just been love to pay my bail
Oh I need your love, John
That's why it's this week for you
I hope you need my love, John
My house payment is due
Oh oh oh me
Touch me
You and me
But me
I need my share of love, John
Eight times a day
Eight times a day
To teach my husband how to
Eight times a day
It's good to see you, Danny Quail
Love me every day, John
You're always on my tail
Make me a dream or pay, John
Cause through I'll be in jail
Oh oh oh me
Touch me
Use me
But me
I need my share of love, John
Eight times a day
Eight times a day
Oh
Eight times a day
So the saddest part of this whole thing is that it's going to soon come for some of us to a bitter end
If I can say that, I mean like it's over
We're just getting the drift of it, man
We're just getting the lay of the land, we're just getting the feel of it
142 at WIOD, here's a lady in St. Pete, hello
Hi, Nils, how are you?
Hi, yes, man
Glad to have you guys here
This has been the most the warmest, the kindest, the gentlest frightening, amazing
You know, I'd like to thank Fel Vita for that because I was ready to move
I think maybe there was something wrong with this here
No, not at all
I think Tom Fel Vita resurrected the entire Bay Area
Well, you know, he's treating you guys good
Single-handedly
I'm glad to hear that
Which is what he excels in, yes
But is he going to pay Randy?
Yeah, he's going to pay Randy
In fact, I think at the mall tomorrow he ought to whip out a gigantic check and lay it right on it
Right, I just want to have everybody, I agree
Right
Seven hours is the best of Nils, as much as I love you, it's just too much
A little bit much, amen, amen
But I'd like to say that Bob was my first talk so host I ever listened to
I never had enough nerve to call him, but he was my first
Right, but you will call him now though
I don't know
You've got to call him not because he's going to be so insecure and so psychotic, you must call him
You know, they call him Matt Dogg for a reason though, right?
And what is that?
Well, he's just real tough on him
No, he's a pussycat, believe me
But I love him, I'm so glad he's coming back
If you come out to the mall and lay your eyes on him tomorrow
You'll understand what a just absolute wimpy pussycat this guy is, believe me
Good, okay, I'll give this shot
It'll take all your fear and paranoia away
I hope so
Okay
Have a great weekend
Thanks, you too
Bye-bye
Let's do a North Miami, hello
Hello, Neil, how are you, Bob?
What is it?
It's Bob, it's...
Bob?
Yeah, he's Bob and over here
Hey, Neil
Yeah
I'm calling you about the other night speaking of Godfather
Do you see a horrible special on the surface of the world?
No, I forgot all about that damn thing
I forgot all about it
That was the search for the Godfather, right?
I can tell you, it is about at least a minimum of 100 hits out on him now
Yeah, on Haralo, good
Well, I got a really outstanding restaurant where we're taking him here in Tampa by the way when he comes by
Yeah, he's running up in their face with the mic
Would you like an interview?
Great
All right, Neil, let's talk really
Nice to see him get that vest with a fish in it this weekend, won't it?
Go, yeah
Yeah, okay, listen, have a great life, Bob
You're here, too
See ya
God, the final segment here, man, it's getting very emotional, I'm getting choked up
I'm choking it over here
Let's do Boca, hello
Ha-ha-ha
Oh, Neil
Ha-ha-ha
Jeez, what do I start, man?
Right at the beginning
Oh, jeez, what a kick-ass game last night, man
Yeah, how about those leaves, huh?
i was uh... killer man i was looking for you to see it's watching them to
sunshine that work
yeah
what you should have seen that
wait a minute you should have seen us because they were shown to penalty
box we were sitting right to rose behind it
man there was more accident that penalty box it was like the grand central
station at them
they were thinking about playing grand as they were they were and i'm going to tell
you something that davel it is god and uh... glenn Anderson looks like a hundred
year old man who needs a bad shape and rob piercene's god
and who else played a great game guilty of the game
what's the name of the goalie for the leaves
uh...
a philix pop in
always got was tremendous and my crucial is to play the great game and got like
about seventy five more things in his nose
let me tell you something and uh...
the people of my amie better uh... stop thinking about the dolphins are
looking forward to the great sport of hockey
right exactly the dog and the
the often season is over now let's start worrying about the marlins in our
exciting new hockey team and i start to know a piece is together and instead of
crying over spilt milk it's over we had our glory we had our moment in the sunshine
and now let's move on to good stuff another thing
and it's doing it
he is doing it
i got my own
but a fly
uh...
over there i feel like i'm in the sixes
yeah
exactly
he's got a deport all of our friends canadians by
he is
god i was not messing around man
listen how was the flight any of skyfarts
no no skyfarts at all
very uh... very uh... un eventful very quick and painless i get to the airport
and felvita and called the general manager of their waiting for me
they wish me away in their uh... limousine and uh... ever since then it's been
just an eternal high-man it's like uh...
felvita is real name is that cheesy
he is a cheesy guy if you can see the front seat of his car you know what we're
talking about
and closing
yes a message for andy even though i love her
yes
right in my queen
teach me the fuck up
see you later bro
okay
here's rick
here's rick raleigh just came in and is going to say something
for the food what did you see that being soup man
you are going to be doing the green apple quick step those salads by the way
no number three number three do the right one when you do something right
so anyway it's uh... the deal is now we're not leaving that's what we just
decided
you know you sound like you've taken about three volume
do i just calm down it's great all i love it i haven't felt this good and you
know something
the whole thing about the health not just the food but about the stress
yeah we could each add twenty years to our lives by staying here for like
about the next six months and that's the damn truth your blood sugar
all of the evidence take a little brownie cameras man
i think brownie is the operative term for him before he got a whole of it you
know something one thing i love randy don't get me wrong but i have discovered
that that woman has the more crappiest taste
i heard
i was kind of listening to that yeah
no seriously that that's just that with curt because curtsa to over his twenty
seven to turn out she thought it was seventeen
but if you ever wondered why she wound up with gym
yeah which we don't want to go into a lot of adjectives put your arms down
gym
uh... and your feet down on the ground
bad eyesight is a benefit to a lot of it that would be
absolutely oh yeah
yeah rich you know that because he's had two wives who both had like uh... the
worst of it like a blinders on exactly
they think stevey wonder sees well
is that what it is so they can just kind of like a muzzle up against you so
well i thought that those are great i had to can i admit i had two of those
and cost those what's valid it's good for you they are it is good for its
tremendous from the Columbia restaurant no doubt which i'm sure suds is
going to be all psyched about
because i'm sure well you were uh... when you work with him in serisota
he did afternoons
and the world famous suds called on kpx on uh... yeah kpx
on the kx-y
what did i say kp oh i'm sorry piper i apologize sorry
no there was that thing in the paper about k there was that thing in a paper
about kpx there they was on my mind no about kx-y
and uh... but who worked at y&d beside me in johnny dark nobody and so when you
guys worked at y&d well i got a raise they offered me i was making ninety
did paxon on it then yes and he paid you no he just offered he never paid
anybody he just he makes you a good deal and then you never get paid you to offer
is an offer is that necessarily commitment yeah
so how about that hockey game huh uh... it was rick's first hockey game ever
he did not think it was a great game because it wasn't close he didn't let's
tell what was going on but uh... for somebody like you when you've been made
believe for thirty five years and you just keep and i you know every time he
scored except the one time i didn't see the goal because joe was asking me a
lot of stupid question right and i jumped up and screamed at all and nobody got
uh... you know nobody gave me dirty looks i mean the fans were great and it was a
very enjoyable place and even though it's you know only temporary i all is crap
that we hear is just that it's crap these people don't know what they're
talking about all the fighting was done on the ice the people there were nice
looking people well-behaved people just there for the fun of of being at a
game so you know just because somebody tells you something it's better to check
it out in person for example suzy i was talking to the hallway and she said the
court is lousy and bad and i figured just because somebody says something is not
ever taken ever taken it uh... you know you have to check these things out
first hand
can i say that's why we all have our own feelings yeah yeah as in fuel this
now this has been an experience that has been uh... top-notch man and and again i
don't want to sound like a primordana like i want to take a lot of the credit for
it or that i deserve any special treatments or favors time favors uh... but
well you would have gotten it anyway it's just no no no no no no no way no
like this and their wildest dreams they never great i whoever i have to think i'll
think of all because it's just been wonderful it's uh... there are no see the
audience in my and while everywhere because the people even here are experiencing
it but this has been they were even the queen never gets treatment like this
that's why she carries the silly little bank account a good work and i write
yeah i think it's true like this i mean every every every women i come in this
morning and they're all like is there anything you need can we get some
sodas can we like shine your shoes can we like a blow smoke up your butt and i
said we're used to that but the guy offered to give me a massage i'm not kidding
like one thirty more i said which like a massage i kind of backed up a little bit he said
what are so many on staff who would do that if you'd like that you backed up a little
bit that has been a long drive would you like one one fifty any i would be network
is that Susie i hear squealing out there in the hallway just carrying on like a
banshee boy she insecure huh you better not go too far away honey i'll tell you
that right now anyway let's uh... now we're going to do lutes again you know
it's going to be the same uh... geek isn't it George maybe uh... maybe hello
i just thank god okay you're one there's more than one person's not on a phone
the talks to you yeah i want you to get in my ass not yes
right in the that was put out of humps in efforts you know yes they do i was
think of that myself i was think that even though they got beat on the score i
thought they played a very very tough game a very physical game i mean they were
like beaten the crap out the leaves and out of each other and uh... i don't know
any you didn't hear any boeing i mean naturally you disappointed to lose because
they've been on a bad streak now for several weeks but even so i thought they
gave a hell of an effort last night well you know for the money value is really a
pretty good value for you to type you in your watch to go you know yeah pretty
good value and i'm not pretty happy with situation good
i i didn't i didn't see too many people who were i mean they weren't happy with a
score and i can understand that because i believe so law six one i wouldn't have
been too happy but but still i mean there were a lot of there was a lot of action
there were a lot of fights there was some wicked checking and uh... it was a hell of a game
we're expecting to have to you know we have to lose a few years before we can
yeah in fact anybody that's this enchanted should watch the next stand Jose or Ottawa
senators game and then kiss the ground to be uh... real happy they got the lightning believe me
you're in real intelligence guy i think on news today this really scares me the more
they think you can catch a each one of the toilet see did you see here about that
no absolutely untrue yeah you can no if you sit down for another guy gets up
have a great life pal that was lutes all right let's uh... go to plantation hello
hey nil yeah we're taking we're doing it you're doing that was lutes
i'll give you the news i see the channel said be me to the pot he's got a new
restaurant who does he he he yeah yeah
you know no
right on that university despite the uh...
that's a lot
by the for a fresh and all that one
yeah
and what is it i guess it's gonna be like a sports bar
oh man another sports bar
it's already is yet another sports bar man
right gotta be better than the uh... chinese restaurant that was there okay
anyways listen to one of the thing was that
you have a lot of people
the right to show
yeah randy was talking about that and i think you were gonna make a big deal
fact i should have mentioned that when she was in here before about how she's
gonna get all these women why did she forget about that women are not into
what we do for some reason and if they do they pretend that they're not they're
like closet listeners
right exactly
uh... the uh...
women with
but that's the only one i
i don't you know something i forgot that card
sally i mean uh... donkin
sandy i don't i didn't bring that card i thought for sure i brought that card and i
came up here and i left it my behind i'd left it behind
i'm a great weekend pal thank you so you know
let's do uh... hollywood hello
i'm gonna go yes sir how's it going great
ready uh... i'm a college student right
yes
i was thinking one of my professors that the class and it just so happened that
he know you yeah and uh...
he said that was a bit of a thing between between you two and i just want
to know the story he said what
that you two have a little bit understanding and i want to know like your
side of story about what
uh... this name is michael roes and thal
michael roes and thal yeah is a professor
you mean you sound familiar you mean roesy from the the u m
baseball groupy days from wvl and the talks like this that michael roes and thal
that's your he's he's teaching you
yeah what the hell is he gonna teach you other than talk like this w news time is
what twenty two what do you mean there's a little
misunderstanding because he's a geek and like a professional overgrown groupy
who won't grow up
no you know he just had a he's to don't get lost well
right exactly because he's like an immature child and when we're doing the
games on wsnues u m baseball years ago he was like uh... you know like we were
interfering with his life because he was on wvl acting like mr. and
out there man he's like an overgrown child roe
so give him a big kiss for me okay out there right on the bud have a great weekend
back to you
his professor mr. roes and thal oh god
what a thought the thought of it just uh... makes me quiver from my head to the
bottom of my balls that's it man that is going to do a Georgia course has enjoyed
this tremendously uh... did it what didn't sound okay today
it sounded okay it sounded better much and you don't hate dives uh... whatever
his name is so brisky a steves the brisky or what a day of uh... as you do
hate him he says he still hates you davi standing in the other room and he said
you're still number one in his book
that's what he said so anyway thanks to tom belfita and to Todd and to uh... uh...
peter and the court for putting up a lot of crap by the way and suzy and everybody
here at this uh... we're gonna come back like monday anyway so i know what's
like going away and a tom belfita specially for sure for us around in his
beautiful limousine and letting us sniff that head cheese and we'll see
them are the clear water mall etc
new stock radio six twenty w su and st peter's bird tampa clear water finally
entertaining a m radio not the same old talk
