Daisy Cun and the officer who did most of the blowing on the head,
Ron's Powell. I'm Frank Chantry.
New stock radio 610, WIOD, presents the Neil Rodgers Show.
To talk with Neil, dial 751, WIOD from day.
Broward 524, WIOD.
Outside the 305 area code, toll free 1-800-944-WIOD.
And Bell Self-Mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star IOD.
Now, the Neil Rodgers Show, on New Stock Radio 610, WIOD.
It's me again, Bob.
Dush when you're done.
Alan Box was a normal man.
With a nice home, a lovely family, and a cushy job with his father-in-law's company.
Normal, that is, until just three weeks ago.
Hi, honey. How was your day?
Some of an esoteric Monday I feared would end up being buttoned on the last one,
let me see if I can't focus it in to the best of my ability.
Alan Box is suffering from Bob Lasseter Disease.
Are you feeling alright, Alan?
Absolutely insane. I see things that nobody else needs to see.
Or at least cares to admit that they say.
Bob Lasseter Disease attacks the central nervous system,
causing otherwise normal people to communicate like suicidal maniacs.
I don't want to tell you today. I don't want to talk to you.
What's more, Bob Lasseter Disease is the one form of depression, which is actually contagious.
God, just listening to that voice, I want to jump off a building.
You're the lowest of the low your life.
Nate, you're at gum bag.
Please send whatever you can today to post office box 1-800-DEVON-PORT-I-O-R.
Honey, it's Friday night. You know what that means.
Fitching and morning and screaming and hollering, please help.
I think it's too late. It's 11.07 at WIOD on a nice late back.
We had a late back Friday and now we're having a late back Monday.
Let's just all lay back, okay?
Comatose is the word we're looking for.
As we search for an audience, man, desperately scouring the sky,
scouring the Everglades anywhere out there.
If there's a creature, if there's a cretin' anything that's breathing,
we're a game for it. Open line at day two and brown.
One on the star line that looks like four.
Let's do with a grove. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing? Is radius.
Okay, yeah, radius. What's happening, man?
Okay.
It's a Neil.
Yeah.
I went over to the piece of trough the other day.
Yeah. Don't say trough.
He gets very emotional about that.
I'm sorry, the piece of it.
He's very thin skinned.
Yeah.
Even though it fits perfectly over there.
What's wrong with it? I thought that was a cute line.
Tick out at the trough. I thought that was a...
One of our listeners came up with that last year.
It was creative, it was innovative, it was cute.
It was sure better than those crappy TV spots
that Ponytail runs, but he's like very sensitive now.
Can you wait, staff?
Our professional wait staff will take care of you.
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
That's okay. Neil, they have some bunch of ugly guys there.
They do. You staff some cute guys working here.
I know. I remember I went one time and then...
I was a matter of fact, I went Saturday night
and they have some wrote, wrote, wrote, called test guys.
Yeah. I may not go tomorrow night after.
Hey, listen.
Let me start doing the hiring up there.
My boyfriend told me the reason why I know this bull
but he said he heard it somewhere.
The reason why you went on vacation?
Neil didn't go out on my answer.
Then he went some...
Jobs stuff over at Chicago.
Yeah, right.
And I said, you're full of crap.
He is full of crap.
I know, I know he's full of crap.
Neil, can you do me a favor?
I'm listening.
Can you do me a greetings from my recorder?
Do what?
The greetings from a message from him.
Oh, Jay's, please.
Are you rolling it?
Yeah, I'm rolling it as you're speaking.
Hi, Radius isn't here now, but when she gets back,
if you leave your name number in the jock size,
maybe she'll call you back.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks, Neil.
See you. You're the greatest.
I am. See you.
We have two open lines in date, 751,
one in the blue line and broiled, 5249463,
and let's do a Pembroke Pine.
Hello.
Neil.
Yeah.
I guess this voice that's not heard during the movie.
Mississippi Burning was on ABC last night.
Yeah.
It is segment.
Joe Angel was doing the voice to the ball game.
When he was in the living room.
What's the overacting?
And it's out of here for home run.
Oh, Joe, I mean, just 20 years for overacting, baby.
I can't.
Save.
I just can't stand it.
These 20 melodramatic calls.
I mean, if you're into the game, if you're a fan of the team,
which you should be when you broadcast the games,
the excitement should come naturally and spontaneously.
It shouldn't have to be one of these things
where there's this melodramatic stage pause
and then this fake stage, it's like a fake orgasm, man.
It's like listening to Joe Angel.
I can't stand it.
I just hate his corny jokes.
Yeah.
Somebody tagged somebody right in the growing last night.
He's making all these different ones that were aww.
Guys seeing triple and all kinds of things
that they can sense at all.
Mm-hmm.
But I like his stuff.
I don't.
Hey, I like Dave O'Brien.
Dave O'Brien is good.
Something's fishy on that attendance.
I was there Friday night for the game.
You're going to tell me that was the largest crowd.
You see you don't understand it.
The National League up until the season,
the attendance that they announced was the number of people in the stands.
But now the National League does the same as the American League.
And that is however many tickets are sold is the attendance.
So there were 43,000 tickets sold,
but there may have only been like 35,000 people in a ballpark.
Okay, I was going to get a lot of no-shows.
You know what's also going on too?
I think Mars get a victim of this
because it's telling the touch of cheap general mission
and giving such good promotion items out.
People buying this $4 thing to go through to turn stuff
a couple times to pick up the item.
I've seen it happen, especially on pin nights.
Yeah.
And there is a go through it.
They have their great seat arrest.
And they go buy another one.
And they go, but they get a couple $4 tickets
going through and buying and getting a pick up some pins
and reselling them for $20.
So what's wrong with that?
That's called creativity.
It's great, but I like that.
The margins are great.
The margins are great of marketing.
Especially the children's one $1.50,
then your kid's duty are a couple times for a buck.
Send them through their 20 or 30 times.
They'll never know the difference.
There's a whole bunch of punk kids going in there.
They'll never remember.
Send them to the different turn styles.
They know Thursdays will have time for the picnic area.
Like when Larry King used to go to the window at the track
and get a fistful of tickets and the stiffed teller
and I'll be right back and then he'd go to another window
on another floor and do the same thing all over the track.
Really?
Yes, stiffed the tellers.
Wow.
And never paid him back, by the way.
But also the picnic area.
That's why his hair is falling out in clumps.
The picnic area is the last Thursdays, the last time.
You're going to have that.
Yeah.
You're taking a whole thing down.
Just going to have seats there.
Why? Because of the football?
Yeah, it must be too much to put up and down again.
Yeah.
So they're taking it completely.
Well, football, I'm getting ready now.
I'm getting in the mood.
You know, I love my baseball.
I love the Marlins, but I'm getting ready.
But the pants is, they were there.
They announced them at the Friday night game.
They came out in cars and everything.
Yeah, I read about that.
It said that they had, they were lined up 25, 30 deep
and that they were.
The players were just in awe of how many people
were they were going to get their autographs and shake their thing.
That was something.
Yeah.
I got promoting.
Okay, Neil.
Have a great day.
Open line and day one and Broward is we're trying desperately
to build a little goddamn momentum here on a faltering radio station.
It's like on its death nail.
You can hear it gasping.
But of course, the fact that he had the guy with the eyes on yesterday.
What does that tell you?
Does that tell you everything you need to know about what Gary Bruce is doing to us?
I want to go on record.
It's the 9th of August, 1993.
At 11.12 a.m. going on record to sing that boy Gary is like,
he and that Damianya guy.
I think they ought to send him both of the same place together.
Send him both to play a game of classic concentration with Alex Trebek.
It's 11.13 on the IOD Network.
Is it done or a league?
Or does it involve your behind?
No, God.
1022 on the IOD Network.
You stock radio 610.
W-I-O-D.
We're here at Austin.
Is it done or a league?
Or does it involve your behind?
No, God.
The thermon thinks that only gays do this.
Most states have laws.
You could be jailed or they are fine.
The Senate now must pick which orifice.
Oh, side of me.
Peter Paltful covers right.
Send it me.
Oh, side of me.
The front door goes back side.
Just go and ask that Kennedy.
He's long as my base is in the Senate.
You will have a seat.
People without health care.
Folks lacking livelihood.
The way they act is really what is loo.
Boy.
Well, there's Helms, the model specter.
And Horn, if our pack would.
No matter where you stick it, we get screwed.
Look out of me.
The Senate's lost its mind.
There's stronger drugs than crime.
God knows.
Look out of me.
There's maybe no maintain.
With careings on the ratio.
Neal.
God.
Isn't that what they say at Mass?
Neal.
God.
It's a 1030 at WIOD.
And let's do, oh, look at that.
Speaking of kneeling, here's Ian.
Side and knee.
Classic.
How you doing?
Hel stars.
Don't arch your back.
Whatever you're doing.
It'll be band and Boston.
That's number one.
It's number one with 75 bullets.
And it's because I had the balls to play it.
And find out the part that personally offended boy, the Bruce Geary, who thought that we were going to lose our license.
Because somebody talked about the fallen archers or something.
Neal, you are the king.
You are so popular.
Let me tell you the king and the queen and the prince and the princess and the pauper.
Let me tell you a quick story last night, Krovenar and CJ's, right?
Yeah, doing what?
Do you know?
It's cool to be a knight.
Yeah.
Keep beer at your door.
Get him a little tipsy.
That way.
Easy, easy, that way.
Easy, easy, that way.
God.
Well, one of us said like, Neil, God, you know.
Some other team overheard us.
It was all nearly.
You guys big into baseball because a lot of people in the audience have been wondering like, who's the pitcher and who's the catcher in your relationship?
Go ahead.
I kind of throw.
Oh.
You know, right?
But the point being that this other team was sort of talking.
And it was like the whole night everyone was talking about you.
Really?
I mean, you are.
Everyone's like, oh, he's a fast.
I'm on the tip of everyone's tongue.
Make no mistake about that.
He's a classic.
Oh, God.
A popular guy in town.
Yeah, right.
And also you were saying someone dresses the Pope.
He has a personal male valet, valet.
Hey, he has valet porking.
That's cool.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Oh, even I like that.
Hey, so to speak.
Hey.
Yeah, that was good.
Hey.
I mean, can you believe we got like a whole section in USA today to find out what's underneath
the dress?
I mean, let's get cereal, man.
He's an old wrinkled up old man.
What the hell are they expecting?
I don't know.
I'd rather not even see it.
Oh.
Hey, how's your car doing?
By the way, Paradise Beach is on right now on Channel 39.
Oh, that's that.
I should never say this because we're off to a pretty amazing start today, but, boy.
That's that Australian show.
That is the way it showed down under.
You watch that.
And you're doing a lot of surfing with arched bags, by the way.
Oh, God.
Look at that.
Oh, that's good.
I have to flick it on.
Yeah, and the show too.
Hey, speak of that idiot red and stimpy, but do you ever watch Beavis and Budhead?
No, I do not.
I don't watch MTV.
Oh, that's kind of funny, though.
I don't watch MTV.
Okay.
I'm an old, daughtering man.
I'm not interested in MTV unless they got some hot naked stuff on there.
Well, I'm not into cartoons.
I'm not into silly little geeky characters.
Leave that for such.
Neil, are we going to sign Home Freeze now because Craven's doing great?
I sure hope not.
I hope not, too.
I almost forgot about that.
I tried to put it on my mind.
I don't think Craven looks.
Yeah.
You know?
Well, you have a great day, Neil.
Okay.
And out.
Get Calvin a big kiss for America.
I will.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
And don't hurt your back.
Bye.
We have an open line in Broward, 5249463.
Isn't this the same one we saw yesterday?
Are these just the same two geeks?
Because yesterday on this show, they were like getting out of the shower of these two together.
And the one over there, the blonde, who looks real like a sweetheart, kept dropping the soap.
Here's Tampa.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
Okay.
I live over here now.
I used to live here on Hollywood.
I wonder if you could recommend a Jewish bakery for some regular law.
I can't find any good regular up here.
Any good what?
It's a Jewish pastry with a...
What do you mean Jewish pastry?
What did...
Obviously, you know nothing about Jewish pastry.
I know.
My go is your friend.
I know.
You mean, Rogalof?
Yes.
Say it.
Rogalof.
Rogalof.
Rogalof.
Rogalof.
Rogalof.
Rogalof.
How about what's his name's Adele?
What's his name?
What's his name?
He's Adele.
There on Dale Maybey, where we did the appearance at time.
They've got great stuff.
Oh, the best Rogalof.
Rogalof.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Just say hi to our friend Mike Schwartz.
Mike Schwartz.
Thank you, Joe.
That's his name.
It may be funny to you.
That's his name.
What is his name?
Michael Schwartz.
Schwartz.
See it?
Oh, man.
So many goyam on a west coast.
We have an open line on the green line.
No, seriously.
I mean, just infested with goyam over there.
1-800-944-9463.
Here's a pompe-no.
Hello.
Pompano.
They're sitting there and they're listening to their thing.
That's impossible.
Pompano.
Yeah.
Wait a minute.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hi.
What's going on?
Hi, how are you doing?
I'm doing good.
I'm doing good.
I'm doing good.
I'm doing good.
I'm doing good.
Okay.
You know how this is?
Of course you don't.
This is a member.
I'm a Swap Shop person.
I call you sometimes.
And then you think about it and then you think about it.
The Swap Shop person?
Yeah.
Is in Swap What?
Swap This.
I'm not there today.
I'm at the festival today.
Thank God.
I'm out of that hall.
Okay.
Good for you.
For a day, we've got to talk.
Oh, after about a half hour, the smell of that elephant shot just gets to you.
Oh.
Between the sawdust and the gigantic mounds of elephant dropping.
That place is just the poison.
It's hurting.
It's the worst.
Oh, wait.
Let me just say a high-end idea because he got very impatient.
He laughed.
And I told him to stay and say something to you.
But he got like not so.
Well, the hell is that?
What's he got?
A full-rich, busy life that he can't do.
He's very busy.
I think he's going to be.
Oh, great.
So, anyways, I was going to come out last night and see you.
And?
At the people.
We had an okay turn out.
It wasn't spectacular.
It was all right.
Jeff was hoping to have lined up all the way to Alapado, but it just didn't work out that way.
Yeah.
Well, I was thinking about those tickers and then you had the snapple.
Right?
That's right.
We had a two-for-one snapple.
We had my dolphin tickets and the great food.
A good time was had by all.
Yeah, I was talking about you know what?
We went out to the Marlinga.
A lot of the waiters by the way up there.
Really?
We went out to the Marlinga.
Yeah.
It was fantastic.
I am exhausted.
Fifteen minutes.
And we do it again, man.
It's just going to be like a habit now.
It's just sparpling.
That Bob Natal, or whatever is Neo Natal, is a hell of a guy.
And when they put him in there, we're everybody's going, oh my God, forget about it.
We're never going to win.
He's not so bad.
Yeah, he was good.
He was better than Benito.
But the game was good.
It was sparpling.
The weather was perfect.
The pitching was absolutely just amazing.
Yeah, but haven't you been reading Benito's happy with his performance?
He thinks he's good.
Yeah, I read that yesterday.
I don't know about that.
He got that neat earring.
We should all be happy.
No, you know, ever since they traded me eggs, it's been like, you know, I mean, they've been playing great the last four out of five.
They disturbed the chemistry of the ball club.
It just isn't going to be the same.
It's one of those intangible.
You can't put your finger on it.
But it's like the flow.
And it's like a psychological thing.
In fact, that's what Mark Ray told the Melrose Place lady.
You can't quite put your finger on it, but there's something amiss.
They said in our test easy lattice now and again, what we want it was a great game.
I always see like one for seven last night, something like that.
Yeah, he had a lot of opportunities to like be here.
He just didn't come through.
Yeah, I just thought, I got to tell you that story you told yesterday morning, with the state rich with the ribbon.
That's a true story.
I was paying in my pants.
Yeah.
Literally, I was just about paying in my pants, too, as the car was rolling forward there.
And here's this big 700 pound hulk trying to huffing and puffing, trying to keep up with the car.
And falling down in his glasses, they're flying and he's like, man, a second away from a stroke.
I was hysterical.
I was people were looking me.
I was listening to this.
And they were looking me and I was laughing out loud.
And I was like, how many somebody would I have a camcorder man?
If we had that on video, I could retire right now.
We could make billions for that.
It was a riot.
It really was.
I was trying to tell my husband a story, but I didn't do it, Justice.
I mean, he had to hear you, you know, hear you to open, by the way, hi, babe.
I'm always listening.
Okay.
All right, listen, you take care.
Have a great one.
Hang in.
Yeah, I'm going to try and get through to Stan.
I'm exhausted.
Okay.
All right, take care.
Bye.
Open line and Broward, 5249463.
I gave Ron and Ron one final shot again today.
I'm going to tell you why I figured out what the thing is.
The one guy is that Ron D.S. who sounds like Howard.
He's got a voice very much.
He, you talk about try to rip off Howard.
He's, he's got voice sounds very similar.
And if he listen to his phrasing, he's obviously been listening to hundreds of hours of Howard's turn tapes.
And so the sound is the same, but there's no material.
That's the difference.
No material.
And they're like desperately trying to be like the blue humor.
If you put your unit on the facts machine and send out facts of your unit, and does that make you gay?
But none of it is funny.
I mean, call after call.
I'll say this.
They're getting calls like from actual living and breathing people, but there's no material.
I mean, anywhere and none.
Zero zippity doodah.
But they're better than Don and Mike.
Oh, God.
Don and Mike, who I do in this freak show I heard last night, and they can't get any freaks.
It's like they're, they have all these different bits, but none of them ever happened.
And they did their phone booth challenge and they like were ringing phones.
And I thought they were running Jacksonville, Florida.
It's Jacksonville, North Carolina.
And I'm at birth to be on and for Myers.
Jacksonville, North Carolina population seven.
And they're like ringing these pay phones over and over.
And this goes on and on.
And finally they get some guy who obviously drove over because they tell you where the phone booth is.
And he drove over to, hey, Don and Mike, alright, we did it.
Yeah, they're doing it.
A 1038 on the IOD network.
If you're doing it, if you're losing your hair like in big clumps, if you got an embarrassing bald spot, Charles, Charles, I almost said Chuck again.
God, give up Chuck.
Charles Alfiehri is coming to South Florida to help you out.
Come on, you IOD.
Alright, this is Chee Gordon-Liddy and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
Hi, I'm the lead tuba player in my marching band.
I can't afford to let diarrhea rain on my parade.
That's why I wear the pad.
Yes, when you're under a lot of pressure.
Forget foul tasting liquid detergments.
You need diarrhea relief that shuts off your worries fast.
You need the new diarrhea patch.
It combines advanced medical technology with a big dab of crazy glue.
Since I started wearing the diarrhea patch, I feel so confident.
Nothing can stop me now.
Oh no.
And look for the new extra adhesive patch in the blubbing section of your drug store.
1043 at WIOD.
I was looking for the cart, the world's new biggest asshole.
I can't find the cart because I definitely wanted to dedicate it to Sam Itas or maybe Rick Alpurn.
I'm not sure which one really deserves it because after Rick Alpurn, let me just give you a little background.
Without being too specific because I obviously can't do it now.
But just before I went on vacation, somebody called and was talking about how it's my responsibility if I endorse products.
I had to check them out and this guy was very unhappy and obviously got ripped off.
And then we had some other calls and we didn't mention who it was on the ear.
But you know, we checked it out and there were some problems there.
And we obviously are not going to be endorsing those people anymore.
And we're helping those people try to get their money back and getting involved in it.
Because it's something called credibility which most of our salespeople don't understand and especially Sam Itas.
So Sam Itas had the ball so I don't ever want to see that man.
I don't want him in here when I'm in this studio or in the building.
Like in Godfather was in two or one and two when Michael says I don't want to be there when Fredo, I want a days notice when he's going to be there visiting our mother because I don't want to be in the house.
Same thing, I don't want to be in a building when Sam Itas is here.
And he was in here pitching some day.
I don't want to say what it was.
And I said, forget it.
These people are like the worst. They're like a shun. They're this grace.
I won't do it.
Rick Raleigh comes to me the other day.
Says, what do you know about Yatatai?
I said, I'll forget it.
Don't touch him with a 10 foot pole.
And Rick Alperen, our salesman, I thought his credit had checked into this thing and finds out, yes, you're right Neil.
It's the same shysters from and so fine.
Sam Itas comes in here this morning and says to me, well, what do you know about Yatatai?
I says, forget it.
And I've given chapter in verse what the problem is.
These people should not be allowed to promote their petal or crap.
And then he says, well, you know, they're out running a schedule.
Now, here's the sales manager after he knows that these are rip off artists.
Here's the sales exec whole Sam Itas.
And they don't care. They still go ahead and put them on here.
That's the thing that I just, I can't, it's unconscionable.
Are we that desperate for a few bucks and I'm talking about just a few bucks it's going to be?
Are we that desperate and is that like super servicing our audience to do that?
I think not.
Sam Itas and Rick Alpo.
Shame on you.
Shame on you.
Grave robbers.
Here's the lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Great.
I just wanted to call you. I'm from Atlanta.
And down here I'm business for like six weeks and I've been listening to your show and you're trying to have that.
You don't listen to the WSB do you?
Absolutely.
Oh, is that a boring?
All the stations there are neo-Nazi. They're horrible.
That WSB is so boring, man. It could put you into a coma.
It's really, really boring. You're right.
They're so low key. I think that they were broadcasting the entry.
I know. And then the other station, their competitor is like neo-Nazi big time.
All right, wingers.
Yes.
They're horrible.
But I just wanted to call and say that I'm like categorized, elliptic, lesbian.
And I can't believe that you're gay and on the radio down here because in Atlanta you'd be like run out of sound on you.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
They're like so pitiful there.
It's disgusting.
Believe me, they got plenty of closet people up there.
Absolutely. They got everywhere.
But they just would never get on radio.
Even John moved into Buckhead and they said, hey, you got a lot of money. We don't care. Bring it in here.
I mean, they let him come in, but I did a show on the competitive station to your cops.
Well, what is that? RNG?
No, that's W-A-G-S-T.
Oh, G-S-T, right?
Yeah. And they did a show where I got on there for three hours.
Now that's not that love-low on the porches.
No, no, no, no. He's not even anywhere. He's not local anymore.
He's national. He can believe that.
Yeah. They brought that Neil Boards back to be standing for boring on an SP.
That's exactly right. They took him from G-S-T.
Terminal.
It's terrible, but they had me on for three hours just so they could ask me questions without being gay.
That's how much these people know.
They wouldn't even do these people or disclose.
Like I said, they spent too much time up there in the woods with Ned Vady and Entry.
I think that was their problem.
Up in North Shore, Dumounting.
Yeah. That's about it.
They're doing it. Well, have a great time.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Okay. A Liz Bean from Atlanta. How do you like that?
How do you like them, apples?
Maybe Randy would like to have her on the show.
We have an open line. It's on the blue line.
5249463 and Broward. It's 1048 on the IOD Network.
