AM620, WSU-IN, entertaining talk radio for the 90s.
It's the Neal Rogers Show.
You can talk to Neal by calling toll-free, 1-800-944-9463.
Or, GTE mobile net customers can call toll-free on the GTE Starline at StarSU-IN.
Opinions expressed are not necessarily those of the staff, management or advertisers of AM620, WSU-IN.
Intertaining talk radio for the 90s.
The
Raging of the reprachee
FF-1 on HDF
Hello, Canada and hockey fans of the United States and Houston Lions.
And an extra big hello to Canadian service funds overseas.
Here's the shot.
That's all that news for us.
Rages to the line.
Rages again.
Coming in.
Take the shot.
Set it up.
Hockey's shot on his car.
Hockey's on his car.
Hockey's on his car.
Hockey's on his car.
Okay, Bobby.
Go paint your ball spot.
Last year, playoffs at one van B'sbrook, by the way, was gold tender for the Rangers.
What a night last night at the arena on?
Unbelated.
Exactly.
I couldn't have said it better myself.
The best.
One of the greatest nights in anybody's life who was there or even thought about being there.
Just unconscious.
Incredible.
And so we lost the game.
And the Bees are lit in a couple of greasy goals.
And they big deal.
They played a great game.
And the entire team played a great game.
The crowd was pumped.
They were into it.
They were enthusiastic.
They except for the microphone problems.
Which somebody's going to get canned over there today.
You can be sure of that.
Except for that little glitch there.
And maybe the Panther did a little number on the ice.
They had a live Panther out there.
And the pregame things.
The laser show was dynamite.
The team played just spectacular.
And crappy penalty there at the end of the game.
Parenthedis from having a chance to tie it up perhaps.
But in spite of all of that, it was everything you could hope against the best team.
No question about it on paper.
At least the best team in the NHL even without Meriel.
I mean, and of course, we get unlucky.
I thought Tom Barrass will be in out.
Would help us.
And it turned out Ken Reggett, former Maple Leaf.
Plays unconscious out of his mind.
Plays a great game in goal for the penguins.
And the preenses from Tyner winning.
What a night.
What a tremendous happening at the Miami Arena last night.
However, I get in the car after the game.
Turn on WQAM.
I'm not the endless.
Let me say this to you.
Try to be fair.
Try to be objective.
Dave Hullbrein.
It is the Marlins on QAM with Joe Angel was in the other day.
Two days ago, complimented him.
He's a great job by just outstanding.
No matter what stage he's on, tremendous.
But I am going to tell you WQAM, what you people are doing to hockey.
I wouldn't do to Hermann Gearing and Lardass Limbaugh.
Absolutely unconscionable.
Between Chris Moore, who is so somnambulant,
who when Joe Mullins scored that empty net goal when the B-Zoo didn't clear it out of our end.
And they replayed his calls.
I have never heard anything so boring.
So terminal, so comato, so unprofessional,
except when then Moynihan came on with his cat calls.
Moynihan has no idea.
He wouldn't know hockey if somebody drew a diagram on his ass.
Okay?
And maybe that might be helpful.
So we could play little grab ass with himself in the seat.
I mean this man, what they're doing is just a disservice at best and embarrassing at worst.
And Jorge Million, who writes in a great coverage by the way,
in both the Harold and the Sun Centreless morning, really great, not good, but great coverage on hockey in Miami.
What a picture here in the Harold Panthers debut a cool blast.
Here's a big full-color picture of the B-Zoo block of the shot.
And then underneath is a full-color picture of the fight between Scott Levins and Marty McSorley.
You picked the wrong guy to fight with Scott.
Marty McSorley, his name should be just one of the veteran hostile nasty defensemen
that they picked up from the Kings, as if they weren't strong enough already over the offseason.
But anyway, Jorge Million says broadcast teams definitely winners.
Jorge, you are definitely a loser, a moron.
You wouldn't know hockey if somebody drew it on your pupick.
Okay? If somebody stuck a hockey puck between your cheeks, you wouldn't know hockey.
Of the four Panthers and outs, he says, Dennis Pothvan appears to be the best.
Pothvan is like an old and craggy and incoherent and talks like he's talking to a bunch of kindergarten kids.
There can be no question that Jeff Rimmer, who does the games on TV, is faring away the best and the only one who belongs there.
And then he goes on and says, Monna Han, who hadn't done pro hockey in nearly two decades,
needs to make his analization shorter, play-by-play, not analysis, drives broadcasts, sports on radio.
And then at the end, he says, was it my imagination or was Monna Han begging for calls during intermission?
So we're getting the car, Farwich is bringing me back to my car, which I parked here at the station last night.
And listening to a QAM after the game, and Monna Han is doing his cat calls,
the first call is from a guy named George, who sounded like incoherent, kind of a nose picker, almost drunk.
He says, wow, can you explain this icing to me one more time?
I mean, here we just had this incredible game where we played the best team in hockey,
like really outplayed them to be honest with you, I thought.
And just a damn near tie to him and wound up losing a heartbreaker to the one,
but played on conscious, couldn't have asked for a better performance.
The crowd was enthusiastically wild, it was great.
And Monna Han spending five minutes again answering a stupid question from some nose picker about icing.
How long? First of all, why are we wasting our time with this crap already?
We've had enough exhibition games, we've had enough for play.
Now it's time to like present it, like people understand it.
It would be like when the Marlins played their first baseball game.
It would be like if Dave O'Brien comes in and says, oh, by the way, you can't go to first base with only two balls.
You have to have four balls to walk.
Even though it may be hard to walk with four balls, it's nonetheless prerequisite.
I mean, it just got an old and tired.
And so he goes on and not only that, he don't even know what he's talking about.
He hasn't got a clue what he's talking about.
Then he takes the next caller, which is another inane call.
I forget what it was about.
And he says, oh, and by the way, George, on that icing question, because this caller asked him something he didn't know what he was talking about.
So now we go to, let's go back and talk a little more about icing.
I say, let's put Monna Han on ice and cut the crap and get somebody on there who understands the game and can make it exciting.
Here's the most exciting sport in the history of human race.
And we've got guys on there who not only don't understand it, but can make it boring.
How can you make hockey boring, I would like to ask.
Oh, here's our friend Joe Hartman who's just all over us like stink on Boy Geary.
Hey, Joe.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
What a game last night, man.
What a game last night.
We get Mike.
We got a game going tonight.
Yes, sir.
You have a game going tonight.
We got the biggest game in town at Pompato Park tonight.
This is true.
And we got a great weekend erasing, Neil.
Stake races every night this weekend.
We got Florida breeder steaks coming up tonight.
Of course, you've got, and that seventh race, that's the one.
And you're going to be picking a horse for the fans with.
Give me a trot tonight, Joe.
Yes, I know, but you are the man.
What are you going to pressure on?
You are the man.
Okay.
Thursday night, even more Florida breeder steaks action.
We've got some good simulcass, some garden state.
Friday night, some of the trotters are going to be eligible for the breeder's crown or coming in,
as well as the second leg of the sand and surf pacing series.
Another Florida fair stake final.
And then Saturday night, the Palm Beach pacing series starts for three and four year olds in Main Street,
who's raised very well against torsers like direct flight to Lexington.
It'll be making a start in the invite.
So super racing all week long.
The longest Peder Ren no doubt.
Peder Ren will be back tonight.
You bet.
And we've got 12 races each night, a couple of simulcass,
but Friday night all 12 live races.
So it should be a great weekend end out here.
And of course tonight, we get the track pack going.
Right.
Just come out, mention WOD, get in free, get one of our track pack things to fill out to be part of our promotion.
And I think this is better than our people's horse.
This year we get a people's horse, a different one, every week.
Right.
And hopefully we'll be able to do a little good handicap.
I think you'll do an excellent job.
And with some help from Fat Ridge, of course.
All right.
Okay, see you tonight, Joe.
Right now.
Okay.
Okay.
Tonight's the big night.
Tonight and every Wednesday at Pompano Park for our IOD track pack.
We'll tell you more about that later.
1014 at WIOD and WSUN.
You can hear Bob Lasseter, weekday morning 6 to 10, on AM620, WSUN.
My friends, he's, he's, he's loves you.
Yeah.
I don't like you.
Why not?
Well, I just, you know, you like David Duke.
I don't like David Duke.
He's a very nice man.
I know, I heard you.
And I think if you're not biased and prejudiced, you know,
I stick with people like that.
There's no sense, you know, me putting the time in there,
but I'm listening to you.
No, you hear a word I just said, did you?
No.
No, not a word.
You're just in there just agitating.
Agitating who?
Who's ever listening to you?
So what do I say that is agitated you?
So you like David Duke?
Oh.
I might not like who I like.
Oh, you can like anybody you are, but I don't like you.
You have no idea who I am, do you?
No.
You have to show your people I've never heard you before.
I have no idea where I stand or how I feel about it.
No, it's the first time when I take you at that five minutes of your NSTM.
You were on the way.
No problem.
David Duke.
I have no problem with your going away as a matter of fact,
I wish I hadn't even called.
Catch Bob Lassiver, weekday morning 6 to 10 on AM620, WSUN.
To go on a year live with Neil, Dowl, 1-800-944-9463.
What the f*** is going on with Dave and Broward?
They're three with each other, naked in the street.
Maybe I can have some of that, what is that?
Chicken back there.
In the boxes.
Did you get any of that stuff to eat?
Huh?
What is it?
Chicken.
Rift waiver back at Cleveland Stadium.
That was number one yesterday.
This will definitely be numero uno today.
The fans are beginning to blow the, blow the plate selection.
Maybe I can have some of that, what is that?
Chicken back there.
In the boxes.
Did you get any of that stuff to eat?
Huh?
What is it?
Chicken.
Rift waiver back at Cleveland Stadium.
The fans are beginning to blow the, blow the, uh, who the plate selection.
Oh!
So anyway, it's 10-18 at WOD and...
What can I say that hasn't been said already?
I'll guarantee you next year at this time we'll have a special Camille Saucedi
with Mr. Weaver's best blue plate selection.
I mean this man is probably the most penicised announcer in all of sports casting.
So anyway, George taking matters into his own hands goes over to Mindy's News
since nobody out there cares enough about me to do anything.
And thank you to Captain Singh as in Singh for your supper.
Captain Singh at Mindy's News 209-71street on Miami Beach sends me the 5th anniversary issue of Arrays as in Arrays 2.
And it's a special, uh, like Luis Miguel is on the cover like Stark naked in all these photos and posters and banners
and here's like, uh, all these other, here's, uh, Magneto and Ricky Martin and all the real Latin American singing stars
who nobody in this market has generally discovered yet because they're too busy playing Ho Chi-Cucci Music on Arradi Orritmo
with that, uh, Saucatic Bitsa was in the paper yesterday.
So thanks to George and thanks to Captain Singh and, uh, thanks to Luis for a little sum of special.
What is that moisture on his upper lip, by the way?
So anyway, and well, so the book is coming out today.
Look at those deadlines. You know, you know something, I'm not going to let this happen to me today
because I'm on a euphoric high. And yes, okay. And like George Emilion writes, and he's absolutely correct.
The ratings for last Wednesday season opener between the Panthers and the Black Hawks were ministerial.
Of course, hockey on radio, nobody listens to in this town. I'm sure that.
But I'm going to tell you something. I don't give a crap because it's something that I love and something that I care about
and I know damn well because people came over to me before the game who were there who would never have even thought about going
if it weren't for me in this show, okay?
So I don't care if it like is, uh, you know, six people out there that are as enthusiastic as I am. It's too bad.
With all the other crap that's going on in this town, if we can't be enthusiastic about something,
if we don't have something to like, uh, grab onto and squeeze and faddle and hold, then I say screw it, okay?
And our first call of the morning is a pig report?
Good morning. Yes.
Neil, on Maystand on 5.95, we've got the old pigs on Pine Island right off.
5.95 and he's found Pyle Island. Look out.
Beautiful, okay.
And now hockey, we are psych.
Okay. It's got 11 little birds on. He's out there every night.
Okay. All right, Neil.
Thanks.
Yeah, he took on Marty McSurley. The line of things Scott will be doing it again next time we play with them.
Let somebody else take him on. Let Dave Lowry take him on, okay?
Here's, uh, sunrise. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing? Great.
I got to ask you a question. Yeah.
I watched the game on TV last night.
Don't ask me what is icing.
Yeah. No, I know what is icing. I got, I'm still a Ranger fan for 30 years.
Uh, how do you sound depressed?
Yeah. I got to ask you, uh, it sounded to me like in the third period, the crowd was definitely asleep.
Was it like that at the game?
No, I don't think they were asleep. I think, uh, you know, when they got that first goal,
right near the end of the second period, I think that took the crowd a little bit out of it.
Because I know at the end of the first period, after we, there was a scoreless tie and the teams went off the ice.
Man, the crowd went crazy. I mean, they really were so into it because they, nobody ever expected us to play like this against.
Pittsburgh. I mean, I'll be honest with you. I thought we would lose like, you know, six, nothing, seven to one, something like that.
And I just hope that we didn't look, you know, too embarrassing because Pittsburgh is awesome.
Well, we got to, I mean, seriously, you look there out down the ice and they got Francis and talk it and Larry Murphy and Miramar Yogur.
And I mean, just, I mean, they got so many superstars out there, even without Lemieux.
And it's, they're a hell of a team. And we, we played him, uh, even Steven right down the wire.
Uh, yeah, I agree with you on that, but it sure sounded like the crowd was dead, even if the we scored that first goal.
Well, you were listening on radio? No on TV. I wouldn't listen to QAM for any.
Oh my God. I'm not, I listen, I'm not exaggerating what they've done to hockey. Somebody ought to like give them a five minute major and a game misconduct for what they've done to the sport and how they were just destroying it.
They have no clue how to broadcast the hockey game. Well, they've got people who are totally incompetent and inept doing it. They ought to be ashamed of themselves.
And I've got to disagree with you on something else too. I don't like the announcer we've got on TV.
Uh, uh, uh, yeah, I think that even when Van B'sbrook is making top-notch save, he's just kind of matter of factoring it.
Oh, really? Yeah. Well, I didn't see the game obviously on TV because I was there last night. I didn't tape it.
But, uh, I thought he did okay in the first two games, the road games from Chicago and St. Louis.
I mean, I'm not saying he's great, but he's compared to the other three bowls. Those he's outstanding.
Well, he's, he's okay. He's competent. He's not the Bob Cole or Fred Q. Secret Sam Rosen.
But he's okay. Well, I guess I'm just used to Sam Rosen. Sam is great. Sam.
Yeah. In fact, I don't know if you heard the night I was on with DeFo, but we got Sam on the phone. He is one of the best and a super guy.
And I only wish he has some luck with a better team this year. I hope they do well.
Well, I appreciate it. Okay. Good luck. Don't be so depressed.
Yeah. Sooner or later, Amel Francis will come back. See you. Come by.
By the way, speaking of that, I'm looking at this other. There's just tons of coverage here, although you wouldn't
never know what the audience said. They don't give a crap. Tickets going fast. It says yesterday it was not three minutes.
It was two and a half minutes that the 900 tickets they had lonsled. Those eight dollar seats that they saved two and a half minutes they were gone.
It says only hundreds of non-pathor packs each remain for Thursday's game against Ottawa. That's tomorrow night and Tuesday's game against Wengretski and the L.A.
Kings. All the games in October are solidly sold except for the Maple Leafs. They said we're over 10,000 for that game, but not in the 11 to 12,000 range like the other games.
Dean Jordan says I don't know what it is about Toronto, but Tampa, basically they had a tough time selling that game last year too.
Well, let me tell you something. Okay, if that game a week from tomorrow night against the Maple Leafs isn't sold out, I'm going to want to know why one of the most exciting teams in hockey,
even though I may be a little bit prejudice with Felix, the cat potman and Doug Gilmore and the amazing and tough window Clark.
And I mean, what the what the how could you want? A hell of a team, but of course the thing is most of our Canadians down here are not from Ontario,
they're from their frogs. So I'm sure when the Montreal Canadians come in here, the place will be rocking from the rafters and you'll be able to smell it.
So let's get off. I don't understand that because it seems to me we got like at least what four or five Toronto fans who call the show.
So there's five or six tickets right there and me. It's 10 25 at W.I.D. and WS UN. It's Rick and suds today two to six on AM620 WS UN.
Kind of a bunch of dead heads. Am I talking to here this morning? You know what? I think this is the day that my whole goddamn perspective on life changes.
I just I've always wanted this over the years. It's always been a puzzle to me why I've done well in this market. I'm talking about Miami.
Tampa, I know why we're not doing all that great, but that's another reason.
Because nothing that there is nothing that I'm interested in that the people who live in South Florida give a crap about nothing zero.
Nothing. And yes, it's been very sports intensive lately because quite frankly that's what's going on in this town. Those are the big stories.
Marinos out for the year. Big good dolphin thing. First ever home hockey game last night at the arena.
A lot of baseball playoffs are going on. This is that time of the year when it's heavy duty. And I'm sitting here.
I could be talking to my golden retriever. Believe me and get a much more enthusiastic response. I mean, he's even watching Luis Miguel videos on TV when I'm not home just to keep informed on what's going on.
And this audience man, you people are in a goddamn coma. Are you ever going to get out of it?
This was such a great night last night and I don't give it okay. We lost it would have been a miracle to tire or even win would have been just unconscious.
But God we played damn well. It was just it was tremendous. The crowd the people were there at least which obviously is not this audience.
The people who were there were just ecstatic ecstatic. The laser show was like okay, so it wasn't Walt Disney.
I'd rather have a good laser show and a really outstanding hockey team as opposed to a great laser show and a crappy HUD. The mighty ducks.
Okay. I'll take our guys any day of the week.
But God talk about slow starters when that book comes out this morning. I would be surprised to know you.
You in entertaining talk radio for the 90s. Randy Rhodes is here tonight 8 to 11 on AM 620 WSU.
To go on your live with Neil Dal 1 800 944 9463. It's the Neil Rogers show on AM 620 WSU.
Oh, well he's got a look of a pale look on his face. Boy Gary does you've got his thumbs down. What did I tell you? Bad book.
No get out of here morning show was great. That means the rest of us suck. Now the morning show was not though.
I see 6 a.m. to midnight 25 to 54. Yeah, the morning show is the answer. He always pulls this crap. Okay. Don't ever darken my door again. You geek.
Morning show was great. Yeah, it's it's great. That's it. That's the savior man is that morning show.
We're just all going to write on that coattails. 3 8 to a 3 5 overall 25 to 54 this station. I'm telling you.
No wonder I'm sitting here begging begging and pleading and puking for some response for somebody alive out there.
Let's see. Morning show 3 1 to a 3 5 which is still a far cry short. A good point short of what it usually is in the morning.
25 to 54 is 8 to 25 to 54 went from a 3 2 run and run to a 4 5 from number 11 to number 5.
I just mentioned in passing. So we must have taken a real dive in midday here.
Well, it's about time. I can't hold them up by my suspenders forever. Oh, look at that. 6 1 to a 5.
5 25 to 54 midday. Pretty weak. Pretty weak. There'd be most of the people in the business would kiss my ass out there for a 5 share.
But boy, you're a slip in man. Too much sports. That must be it. After the let's see QAM 1.4 share. They're doing it 25 to 54.
3 to 7 p.m. Rick and Suds the coast number one 6 6. See the coast is taking away all our audience. Now we don't have anybody left.
They're playing too many Michael Bolton records and we can't compete with it. Rick and Suds 4 7 to a 3 8.
From a 6 4 in the winter book to a 4 7 to a 3 8. Did I tell you that the audience is all vanished? Have I been sitting here telling you that?
Oh no, but the morning show did great. Morning show at a 3 8. I get a 5 and he comes in and looks at me and says the morning did great.
At a boy, Gary, you asshole. At a nighttime 25 to 54, the goddess has from a 3 1 to a 2 9. A little slippage there, but not all that bad.
Considering it was the summer against the Marlins. That's a good rationalization, Randy. Oh boy, that chair is going to be moist again.
It's 10.53 at W.I.D. It's a disaster. It's a death knell book and maybe this will wake these bastards up.
Okay, and give them a little, but it's hopeless. I mean, I consider and what's the sense of brow beating the audience when they're not there?
There's no point in doing that. They're not there. This station was once a greatness and they've jerked it around and yanked it around and every day was like 75 different people on.
They're running auditions like a revolving door on a weekend. They got Don and Micron who can't like you to 0.5 in Tampa, much less in Washington.
And oh yeah, morning was great and he comes in and gives me a look like a stuch like a little a dagger like oh, you only got a 5.
Chuck had a 3 8. I wonder how much of that 3 8 was 9 to 10 hour, by the way. Here's coconut creak. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes. We're playing over here. We've been playing the death march.
We used to be so popular and now we're finished. We're done. Must be the buck. We don't believe in books. I do.
I sit here every day. I got a feel for it. Let me tell you this place is dead. John Moynihan. Yes. We're going to dead. Help.
I started hating him when he agreed with an article that EM Swift wrote in Sports Illustrator about how hockey should be dried divided into two halves.
There's no break up in the action. They couldn't have faith off. They should just change position of the puck.
Yeah, right. Start behind your net. That sounds like something Moynihan would say.
And he agreed. So we called last night and asked him why wasn't a penalty for offside. Why don't you have a penalty?
Oh, I heard that. Was that you bull? Yeah, they caught it. I think he caught on because we were going to ask him why YVAN Buser didn't get credit for that goal that he put in for himself.
Yeah. Yeah. Anybody listening to tell it was a crack call. And he's like, oh, by the way, got a little phone problem there.
And he goes on to the next geek and does another five minutes. How do you clear that what's there?
They've been clearing the puck and icing the puck. Yeah. Yeah. Then he went on that. He spent four minutes on clearing.
Okay. I think you got a clearing. That's why we called because we figured that was the only call. So we had to call an ask for it.
Oh, God is he pathetic. After an experience like that, a great happening.
And he comes on and spends five minutes trying to describe icing again, which he doesn't understand.
He's over Channel 7 now too. So they're doing over there. He's over Channel 7.
I saw him on late night with Rick Barry on the sports Monday with Jim Burring.
Sports by Jerry. Going what? He just did a little segment. He's part of the team now.
Oh, no. He's the hockey expert. Oh, no, that's a burliner. I'm sorry. I messed him up. I messed up the burliner.
But he got to bring us the rest of this house. Yeah, man. We're going to lose our appetite today.
I was down at Concession stand. I heard a big roar. Well, it's not my roar. I said, must've been the first goal.
Someone goes back. It's one not in Pittsburgh. And then all of a sudden a big cheer starts going up.
I said, must be the first fight. And I was still standing in Concession line. Yeah. And someone goes back.
Those concessions, like I said, how would you like to have had a little piece of that?
Oh, my God. The lady in front of us. She looked at everything old piece of clothing there. And it's been about four or five hundred dollars.
So it was just incredible. It took us probably half an hour together to get my keychain.
So anyway, I got a keychain. Well, that should be worth the big bucks on it.
I'm one of the collectors too. I mean, people were just like absolutely practically molesting you for anything you had on your body last night.
Oh, that ticket. Do you want to hang out of that? How much you want for it?
It was a good great game, though. It was funny. But people in stand are thought they...
The same thing as Tampa. I went to one game monster in Tampa. And they cheer the one on threes. And they cheer the slap shots from behind the blue line.
Woo!
It's a great game, though, that the start was a little bit long.
Well, yeah, but that's one day and that's the end of it.
Yeah, I hope so.
It was great. It was all in all. It was fantastic. I guess we might have fired the microphone guy, but other than that.
I mean, I'm so glad I didn't have a night. And anybody who wasn't there a screw, they missed out big time.
And in closing, I heard a song from Rick and Fudge yesterday titled a song that was with your country and western.
And it's hard to say I love you when you're sitting on my face.
Okay. Bye. See ya.
Cute.
Let's see, 25 to 44. That's kind of a strange demo. We really went in the toilet there. I mean, really went in the old crap house.
At night, Randy went from a 3-4 to a 2-3, although 25 to 44, QAM went from a 4-8 in the spring to a 2-9, even with baseball.
So, where did the audience go? Does anybody know? Is anybody here? Where did the audience disappear to? Where did they all go?
Here's Persons 12 plus. This ought to really be grim.
Boy, if you think we did bad 25 to 54, wait till you see these. We're not even on the second page.
We're not anywhere. Are we, do we exist? Are we in the marketplace? Oh, yeah. 3-3 to a 3-0.
To a 3-point. Oh!
Did they screw up this radio station? Or what? Have I been telling you that for the past 4 or 5 months?
I mean, I'm not making this up because I'm happy about it. I'm just telling you, that's the way it is.
This used to be the hottest AEM like almost in America.
Here we are. Let's see, 12 plus Persons in a morning. 3-3 to a 3-4. At a boy chuck.
In midday, probably went down to a 1. 4-8 to a 4-4. Oh, 4-4.
What kind of a number is that for this show?
Oh, it is the highest on the station. I just mentioned that Gary, you asshole that comes in here.
Every time we have like a bad trend or a bad book, he comes in here like with a smile on.
You did crappy. Yeah, but how come the number on this show is higher than any of the others?
And it also includes the 2-3 hour. So it means it's like a couple of tense-in-point higher than whatever it says here.
You idiot.
You jackass. You goofball. I hope they fire his bad ass like today after seeing this.
But he's got those pictures.
12 plus in the afternoon. Rick and Suds. Look out now.
Oh, look at that. The light bulb went from a 1. 2 to a 1. 8. They're doing it.
3.5 down to a 3.12 plus in the afternoon.
And at night, oh, we just got time to see this. I hope Randy isn't messing with those absorbent things right now.
May have an accident. Let's see. 12 plus radio memories.
Look at that. A 2-9 at night. Where's Randy? Randy from a 3.0 to a 1.9.
At night.
Pro plus. We are talking to ourselves.
So let's just talk quietly. See, this is good. Now we don't have to put out all that energy and scream about brow or not out of this stuff.
Because there's nobody listening.
So let's just sit back, relax, light up a nice cigar, plan on what we're going to have for lunch tomorrow.
AM 620 WSU in St. Petersburg, Tampa, Clearwater, entertaining talk radio for the 90s.
AM 620 WSU in, entertaining talk radio for the 90s. It's the Neil Rogers show.
You can talk to Neil by calling toll free 1-800-944-9463 or GTE mobile net customers can call toll free on the GTE Starline at StarSU-N.
Companions expressed are not necessarily those of the staff management or advertisers of AM 620 WSU-N, entertaining talk radio for the 90s.
This is Luna DeSell with Don El. I've been Don El, Jack and today we're going to send the word before.
Spell it with me now before B-E-S-O-R-E. Now let's use it in a sentence.
In arithmetic, two plus two before. This is Luna DeSell with Don El. I've been Don El, Jack and today.
Oymane. It's 1106 at WIOD. Let's turn it down a notch now and just relax.
Too much tension, too much pressure. When you're dealing with a small select audience, this is just like the Alex Bennett days again.
I had a stroke back then, like four years ago, three and a half years ago. I'm not going to do that again because there's no sense in getting uptight when you're talking to yourself.
There's pressure, if you're talking to millions of people, then you got pressure. By the way, Howard was on that date line show last night.
I haven't had one call about that. George tells me it was kind of interesting. There was the management there of infinity saying, yeah, we support him.
Was it Mel Carmazan that was on? Somebody said that we believe in freedom of speech. We're going to fight the FCC all the way to the back wall and we're with him.
We love him. He was on with that obnoxious Mark McEwan on CBS this morning. The reason Mark McEwan is obnoxious is because he's such a sued.
He likes country music. He's all right. Anyway, he was interviewing Howard on tape. Harry Smith and Reduces it by saying, we even had to delete certain parts of the interview.
Well, that's too bad, Harry. You probably improved those crappy ratings for your show if you just put Howard on unexplicated.
You'd probably get some people who are alive to watch that show instead of that stuffy crap.
But anyway, men were still in the midday, got an 8.9 number one in men. It's not the 10 or 11 or 13 that I usually have, but it's still number one.
You can, it's number one by three points over gloves, 94 in men. You know where we, this isn't really quite as bad as it looks, but you're not trying to rationalize.
And Randy did okay in men from a 5, 5, 2, a 5, 3 in Rick and Sud. There's still number one in men in the afternoon with a six something.
And in the morning, Chuck went up in men, but don't give me a song of the dance about how great the morning show was.
Boy, Gary, you idiot. You moron. Here's let's see. Mornings Chuck in men, 25 to 54. This is from a 49 to a 5, 7, which is not in the 6s that it used to be, but it's still a big increase.
But with the women, I told you we have no women. Even yesterday, I mentioned not slanting ladies. She don't even call me yesterday.
I forgot what was all about, but she don't even call which goes to show you even the women we used to count on are not there.
They're like, they're busy with what are they busy with? Do we know with each other? Perhaps maybe they've been watching too many of those lesbian shows on her although they're busy with each other?
Huh? They're getting in their licks. Jennifer Remnos. Jennifer Remnos what? What they're doing? What they're doing?
Oh, maybe they're not playing with each other naked in the streets.
See now, George has even got to like coach me on what cart to play. But anyway, no, I like the mission impossible, better during the news. I thought that was more appropriate.
Women on this show, 25 to 54. We never do great. We usually get like mid-tools to a three something. Okay, three, two, three.
In the spring, I had a 2.3 in women 25 to 54. Nothing to write home about. In this summer book, we have a 1.0 in women. We have no women. None.
Finally, talk too much about sports. Well, we've always talked a lot about sports. This is a sports intensive station. It's the Dolphin station for crying out loud. But we have no women. Nothing.
Maybe if we did a lot more lesbian shows, well, I don't think that's it because Randy don't have much there either. Well, she did a show on lesbians. That's all I'm saying is. Okay.
Let's see. What about women at night? Did Randy have any number of night in women? I mean, how can you do worse than a 1.0? Let's see. Here's Zeta. And this page is all screwed up.
Nice going. Halsey and her whoever stapled these together. I can't read the women. How do you like that? It's so bad that it's like on the last page. And I don't even know which one it is, but it's pretty weak. Whatever it is.
Okay, let's take some call. Here's a lady mobile. Amazing. Hello. Hello. Wait a minute. Hang on. Oh, no, you go ahead. I guess I'm here.
Go ahead. Van Brees book is God. However he says his name is wonderful. It's so exciting. Yeah, be able to feel like hockey is part of Florida now.
So when you're watching it, it's quite. I've ever believed this. Oh, it's just very, very exciting. But I've been listening to your show over here on the West Coast. I'm from really over there in the Miami area.
I didn't get to go to the game, but I watched it on TV. And I'm telling you, I'm going to go get one of those extra maple leaf tickets. I'm definitely going to go in person.
That'll be a great game. And I'll be there with my maple leaf jersey on it's the only 42 home games only one game.
Oh, I'd be a turn coat. And that's the one game. I don't have to wear my Miami doll.
But I guess I'll get some Panther paraphernalia as time goes by.
And it's definitely great. Well, Nila just wanted to call say hi. Put in my two cents for the panthers and you're doing a great job.
Have a great day. Bye. Thanks. And here's another lady. Hi. What were you yesterday? Yesterday.
I wasn't near radio all day. Well, by the way, also, we, uh, whoever is putting together this 25 to 54 women out there.
Hey, I'm there in the hall. There. Here's one on the phone right now and that other one too.
Uh, we'll get, give me the pages. Somebody give me a revised thing on this. These pages are all screwed up.
I don't have no number for Rick and suds or for Randy on women. Go ahead. I'm sorry. No problem.
Well, I'm not getting emotional because haven't I been predicting this? Yes, you have.
I mean, you can feel it when you've done this long enough. You don't need to see the numbers. You know, I mean, the numbers are like erratic and sometimes you get lucky, sometimes you get unlucky.
But generally speaking, if you're like a dying in the, uh, on the vine, you know what you've got to feel for it. Yeah, you can feel it.
Big time. So I watched the game on TV last night and it seems like an interesting game. Look at that. Women 1.4 to 1.2 and a morning with Chuck, Chuck Ed. Well, women and we did.
Is that incredible? We have no women listening to 25 to 54 Chuck. I can't more women than you. And 1.2. I had a one.
Oh, I'm not saying that the 1.2 is anything to excited about. But, uh, see, that's why the 25 to 54 is went in a crapper. It had nothing to do with a man.
It was going to do with the goddamn women. Women in this town suck. They're surveying the wrong women. That's right.
Well, manager, let me say the woman in this town suck. He got excited. Yeah. Well, that's managed. So anyway, I have my at race magazine here.
Oh, I was looking for that. I'm watching anymore that the hit to tell a head. I keep tuning in. Do you? Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Karen there. It's difficult not to tune in now every time I turn the day. You ever saw that video, Kwando, Kalienta, also, you would never, you would be able to call the show knowing you as I do. You'd be, uh, weak.
And you then you know I haven't seen it. I'm telling you it's just you have never seen such a pulpore of flesh on the beach in your life.
I mean, it is there is something for every living creature on that thing. Why? Yeah. Maybe I'll see if they have it on laser disc. No, they don't.
Yeah. Laser disc. Right. It was part of the laser show last night. Yeah. The laser show was nice. It was beautiful. Yeah, it looked beautiful.
It was a perfect night. And then I had to come in here today. I always get that always works getting me depressed after the most exciting things in your life.
You come in here and within like a half an hour, you're just ready to blow your brains out. That's life. Yeah. That's life in Miami. Isn't that the truth? Yeah.
So I heard that the rumors are rampant that Mark Grace is going to the white socks. Oh, really? Yeah. Well, it's still Chicago. Yeah.
It's a little worse part of town. Is it? And of course the white socks don't play the ball. Don't play here at all. I'm lucky.
So well. Till Tampa gets an American like team. Right. So you still hang out until then. That's what I'll do here. 2010.
I go out there in my cane and Walker. Right. I'm I'm Mr. Grace. Yeah. That sounds great. He has Walker and you'll have your cane. Sure. He will become a cane fan.
Okay. Well, listen, I just want to see if you're okay because if you're gone, then I know we might as well just fold up the tent.
I'm going to shut the transmitter down to about a hundred watts and save some juice and that'll be it. Have a great day. Thank you. Thanks for the memory.
I can watch for that video. I'm telling you. I'm going to. Me. You'll kiss me all over my body. All right. Well, I look for tonight. Okay.
Okay. Okay. Bye. Video to the video. Two. Bye.
1114 at W. I. W. S. U. N. Wake up with last year. We think morning six to 10 on AM 620 W. S. U. N. The fact of the matter is we are programming to a bunch of free loaders.
We're programming to typical Americans people who want to give me this can be that can be the other thing, but don't ask me to do anything.
So we have all these people sitting at home going about their busy little lives who just never bought it a call. Hey, it's the show for me. You know, I'm a bug that such as life. You win some.
You lose some week day morning six to 10. Bob Lassener on AM 620 W. S. U. N. You're in it to go on a year live with Neil.
Now 1-800-944-9463. It's the Neil Raju show on AM 620 W. S. U. N.
If I had a seat, I'd drive down the California coast. And I don't know wait. I drive to Germany and back in. No, it's a minute. What am I talking about? I can't afford a seat.
So if I have a zeal, I mean, it means I stole the car and now I'm trying to get away from the cops. Take that, you coppers. The cars are running at home.
I killed three people. I'm convicted of murder and dying in the last year.
The Nissan Z. Your voltage may vary.
Well, I true. It's an appropriate number.
As contrasted with a book where we had mostly inappropriate numbers, speaking of numbers, Ron and Ron in the morning 18 to 34, that's their demo.
18 to 34, mostly 18 to 24, I might point out. 18 to 34 in the morning WZTA Zeta 4 went from a 3.8 to an 8.4.
From number 10 to number two behind EDR. How do you like that? Didn't I tell you that also? Did not come on that one day about two months ago and say that they're going to get a big number. And so it isn't 25 to 54.
I'll tell you one thing. I think we'd be very happy with an 8.4 18 to 34. Wouldn't wait. And who the hell wouldn't like living and breathing people by default?
But hey, here's some more of that news again. Here's some more of that same old crap that you want to hear over and over again.
And like I said the other day, I was talking about this one day last week. It's just like the thing we did on Y&F for that one week in Tampa where we had all those living and breathing.
I mean, the people that we really we really want to talk to, the people that you really want to hear, the people are like alive and have got something to say.
And like sound like they're, you know, still got their body parts in the right place. Those are the people that you just die for for this kind of radio.
And we got like exposed to them if I can say that for one week. And then like maybe a few of them struggled over. We got a little benefit of that.
But if we were on FM, we'd be we'd have an audience. We'd have the people. But as the years go on and is less and less people, nobody listens to AM period. It just don't happen. Thank you, Halcyon.
Here's the great news on the women again. Oh man, we are, we are dying for women. I do remember when Randy first came on and she did that thing down and candle the women's coffee clatch and all the women were.
I tried to tell her to forget it. You're not going to get women. Well, I mean, not on the air anyway. And then the anime came in her toward the same thing.
You're just not going to get it, honey. And she somehow diluted herself into believing that we're really going to build this gigantic women are because she's a woman. Well, that's got nothing to do with it.
Okay, here we go. Women 25 to 54 in the morning from a 1.4 in the spring to a 1.2 for Chuck in this day part here, which the women stabbed me in the back. The blood is pouring from my thing.
It's pouring from me. And she brings me another thing here. And this one's all screwed up. And you can't read it. Well, I already saw it on the other sheet. It's a 1. How about in the afternoon Rick and Suds must have done better than a 1 in women. My God, there's like at least 10 women out there going he, he right now.
They had a 0.9 from a 2.1 to a 0.9. Well, if they had a 0.9, what did Randy do in women then if they had a 0.9? Well, I'm sorry, Randy. Well, listen, never underestimate the power of a, let's see, the coast, by the way, women at night from a 5.0 to a 2.5.
Boy, there's going to be some long faces in this place. I'll tell you that at nighttime, no show less than a 1 because that's as far down as they go.
Nothing 0 under a 1, minuscule, microscopic, invisible, doesn't make a here's sweet water. Hello, Mr. Putt, my sir. Yeah, the bea is God. Yes, he is. Sir, a dynamic, tremendous performance. And we can all kiss him even away.
We had a couple of problems there, but we'll all forgive him for that. He's going to be great. There's no fight. He is our savior. Do you know if he's going to start Thursday? I don't know. I almost would think that Fitzpatrick would get to start because then we play again on, well, no, we got a couple of days off the, yeah, Sunday against the lighting. He might just go ahead and play. I don't know.
I hope so. I bought the first five games. I don't want to make any protest predictions because they'll know what does have that kid Alexander dig the $12 million kid, but I think that's going to be our first home victory tomorrow night.
And I was just going to say that I was going to say five seriously, five to one.
I had to sit amongst a bunch of pen fans last night. Oh, there weren't too many of mine, didn't think in my section. There were at least 10 sitting within, I said, 10 too many within arms reach.
And I kept yelling that Yager's mother lived in Philly. It was just an incredible night. He sowed socks and hell is that exactly exactly.
It's a matter of fact, I'm trying to work out anybody that has, I have heat season tickets. Anybody wants to trade in some decent season seats during the season.
Yeah, I'll be willing to give it my, I'm very good heat seats. Okay. And I'd be willing to trade them for Panther seats. Well, great. I'll leave you a Georgia number. We can make a little swat.
I will. And you didn't see Howard on David Letterman last night, did you? He's everywhere because he's talking that new book. The book I think comes out Friday, but he was wearing a two to beauty.
Let me tell you something. Howard should be doing that show. All the, all the hype about Letterman and about Leno and about Chevy Chase and about this other geek cone into barbarian. How would she be doing that show? Man, he'd have like an 80 share, but the networks are scared, crapless of him. Yes.
Last night, last night, he was out with Jay Leno a few months ago. That was the only time Jay Leno ever had a funny show. That was the best show he ever had only because Howard, and they were mortified in what Howard was saying. They were terrified.
So it was very obvious last night on Letterman. There were skips in the program. I mean that they had to add it something else. It was, I mean, it was obvious. I've got it on tape. And then I looked at it again later. And there were at least twice that I can tell. They skipped something.
Wow, we wouldn't want to offend anybody. Would we? That's the problem. We don't want to.
Congratulations on bouncing Sandy. Yep. It was history. Maybe that'll turn us around now. Yes. I've done. Yes. You never know. Okay. Have a great day. See you. See you. Right. Wait a minute. What? You might give George your number. Oh, yeah. Okay. Wait. What section are you sitting in? Because I looked for you last night. 125 row you. Okay. Right by the door. Good deal. For easy exit. Hold on. Okay. Get this guy's number. Maybe we can make a little swap.
We can't stop with some of the heat people. One open line in Broward. 5241 on the star line. I apologize profusely for the fact that our station is going in the toilet. But we do have an idiot named Boy Gary who's sitting there and programming with his finger up his butt. And he's been given the keys to the kingdom. And they really believe this man knows about something.
But this is the same man that gave you Alex Bennett and Joy Reynolds and Dickie Farrell and Drew W. Drew or whatever he Michaels and just continues to make this into an amateur hour. And the rest of us sit here and try to rise above it. But hey. And of course, here's Rick tell me the other last week or a week before. Oh, I don't know if he where I go. People everybody listen to this show. Well, okay. I told you it was going to be a crappy book Rick. Not a great book to have a contract negotiation time, by the way. So probably it's fixed. Probably the company probably corporate puts a money in and fix this.
Just to screw the talent. It's 1125 at W. I. D. and W. S. You went catch Bob Lasseter weekday morning 6 to 10 on AM 6 20 W. S. You. Stick around. It's Rick and such this afternoon to the six on AM 6 20 W. S. You. We're on your live with Neil.
Now 1-800-944-9463. It's the Neil Roger show. Tonight on the Embassy Network. It's gay watch. This one should make me look so fat. Do I look fat? Oh, you look fine. Oh, a periscope.
Life's gone. Surfs this is tonight on the Embassy Network.
1129 at W. I. D. as we're sitting in here analyzing the situation, we're going to drop back and punt is what we just decided. Okay, it is football season. Let's drop back 10 punt and just to see where it lands. Okay.
You know why I'd like to see it land, don't you? Why don't you just walk out of here? Anyway, let's go to Clearwater. Hello. Clearwater. Uh-huh. Hello, Neil. Welcome to our deadly place, sir. How are you, sir?
I'm okay. The coast blows the coast on the west coast. Yes, sir, because we have a coast over here that also blows. Well, they should blow each other then. Okay.
Listen, congratulations. What a game last night. Yeah, the VNB's broke his God. He is. He made some and but I got to say it again. And all fair and his Ken reggae for the penguins really shocked the hell out of me.
Because I'd never been all that crazy about him. He was really weak with the Leafs a few years ago. And he just played non-conscious game last night. I mean, he made some just unbelievable saves.
Listen, I expect that from the beat, but reggae, we were hoping for a little worse performance. You're absolutely correct. He is a good player too.
One common I really had to make and I needed to tell you about this. And that is I talked to you coming out of the game the other night. And it was a pleasure to meet you and and lurch. I mean, the lightning game.
Yeah. And the same beat the other night. But my God, what a larger crowd. I mean, the guy before was right. Sour is the word. I mean, they were asleep. The people that were in their seats were asleep. And the other people that were awake were in the aisle. So you couldn't see the game anyway. Yeah.
I mean, you got to understand that there are a lot of people were there because they felt it was a happening. There were 27,000 people. I would say maybe 12,000 or 12,000 of them were not hockey fans will not be back. They were there because of this inferiority complex thing again.
Oh, we're going to break the record and we're look how much better we are than everybody else. But it doesn't really mean anything. I mean, it had the potential for a great night if they were really into it. And they were supportive and enthusiastic.
But unlike the people we had here last night who were really tremendous fans, the people over there were just assholes. I mean, men, men are not all obviously. But many of them. And they just started finding out the second period. And it was, I was appalled that they're attitude. I was looking at some of the people around me. And I couldn't believe it. I'm thinking, what's wrong with you people?
It's not a sixth and nothing game. It's not like the end of the world here. So you're losing a game. Is that the end of the world? I mean, how have we lost the game last night? And I'm so excited. I feel like we just want to stand a cup and force straight games.
I lived in Florida for 10 years and been to a hockey game in that long and I achieved wood.
But how dare they boo their own team? How dare they boo this team? Yeah, exactly almost got 50 points.
They accomplished for them last year. And Pupo let's face it played a great game. He only gave up one goal. The other was an empty net goal at the end of the game. And it didn't make any difference who it was. They just were unhappy and they have a crappy power play. Well, so what? So do a lot of teams, including us.
I'll tell you what, not only here, but down there as well, these fans should be kissing the ground. Right. They even have a hockey team like that here. And the pants are fun to work.
I'm telling you nothing. They should be kissing the ground that they're playing in the thunder dome instead of that cow palace. I mean, it may not be perfect for hockey, but it sure was a tremendous improvement.
Oh, yeah. And you could see everything that was going on. Crystal clear and at scoreboard is just the greatest things in sliced bread. And they got to the TV of the game on all four sides of the board during the game, which you can see it. That was great.
I mean, it was just they did everything right, except they had the wrong people in there. That was the problem about 15,000 of the wrong people in that arena.
Another thing, by the way, I was never really a big team dolphins fan before don't hang up on me. After a marino, I'm got hurt and they put Michelin and that team played the way they did and that front line for him just protected him and exploded off the line.
I have such respect for that. Now I am now a dolphin fan.
A tremendous amount of talent on that team. We knew that going in, but some of these guys have been hot dogging it a little bit. Some have been going through the motions and just collected a paycheck. And finally, it was gut check time when he went down and they finally pulled up their jocks drafts and they went out there and they did it.
I don't know. And another thing, you know, the NCAA final four is coming up here. We got coming up next year up here to St. Petersburg. I hope they don't blow that too.
A couple more things in parting. Howard Stern will never make it here in Florida. Out geek is a keck. And one last thing in going if I can call my friend Mr. Flounder, a piece of dripping Budweiser drinking douche.
Mr. Flounder. Mr. Flounder. Okay. He met him on the way out of the game the other night. Yeah, he was kind of floundering on the way out.
Yeah. Him and her. Okay. We have an open line on the green line, one on the star line, one on a blue line. But again, I'm never getting excited. At least for another year because it's going to take us that long to get an audience back.
We need the living and breathing people. We need the 18 to 34 year old male audience that made us like the dominant with living and breathing people like the people who are listening to Ron and Ron now, but never listen to a.m.
They never heard of me or anybody on this radio station, which is the overwhelming majority because you know, as the time goes by, it's like people are moving into other demographics.
They're aging. I know that comes as a tremendous shock, but you know, as time goes by. As the stone said, but who originally sang that song as time goes by.
George, as time goes by. Somebody besides the stones recorded that female recording artist as time goes by.
Mary and faithful Mary and faithful God. This guy is on tears go by. As tears go by. What did I say? It's time. Wow. Tears go by tears and time in this case are the same. As time goes by. A lot of tears in his place as in.
And I could say I take no joy in reporting these thing, but I do because I predicted it and I'm not relishing it, but I because I'm a part of it. I mean, you know, it's like drowning like what Alex Bennett was here, but when they screw around so much and they got that torpy little geek Bob Neil up there in Atlanta, who was single handily forget about boy Gary.
It's Bob Neil, who is calling all the shots on all the Cox radio stations make no mistake about that. And he really thinks he knows something about this business and he doesn't. He really doesn't. I mean, you know, I don't want to even go into it. I mean, he didn't even need his whole dinner with Donatelle's was that tell you everybody else was looking the plate and this guy like has like three strands of pasta and says, oh, geez, where's the corn fritters?
You know, he just and this is that Atlanta mentality and it's never going to change. It's sad. Really sad. But hey, Bob, I hope you're having a good time up there and don't count on any world series for the Braves next week. It's 1136 and WIOD and WSU went.
The goddess Randy Rhodes tonight.
