Get first! I got a bow! I ain't the least we can! I got a bow! Alright! New Thought Radio 610 WIOD presents The Neal Roger Show To Talk With Neal Call 751 WIOD from Dade 524 WIOD from Rower Outside the 3.05 Area Code It's toll free 1-800-944-WIOD Bells Out mobility customers can call Star IOD at no charge and cellular one customers can call Pound IOD at no charge. The opinions expressed by the host guest for Colors are not necessarily those of the station or sponsors. Now Neal Rogers on News Talk Radio 610 WIOD. It's Friday, you bastard! When you're trekking through the Gulf of Mexico and a dinghy with 20 of your closest friends the last thing you want to concern yourself with is engine trouble. Neal, but it's a town of the end of Carauca, Beth's a conno. And that's why you need the one motor oil that prevents the high viscosity thermode breakdown frequently incurred in today's smaller outboard motors. Castro! Castro works hard to keep your outboard motor doing and Castro comes with a 90-mile one-way guarantee. Hi, you can't agree, I'm here for a ride. With Castro motor oil, you will sail across those shark-infested waters, trouble free! Well, almost trouble free, Castro motor oil engineered for today's smaller outboard motors. 10-07 at WOD, happy Friday to it is Friday, isn't it double check? Make sure, oh God, thank God, Jorge Milion, by the way, is obsessed. Obsessed, even though I know you're listening right now Jorge, obsessed with WQAM. Fox hits hard on the radio and he's not talking about the sisters either. Linebackers targets include tagly, blue, quarterbacks, etc. WBGG recently completed a big-money deal to bring shock-jock Howard Stern to South Florida's radio airwaves says Jorge WQAM paid considerably less for Dolphins Linebacker-Brient Cox, who gets for an hour, Thursdays on Hank Goldberg show, but when it comes to shock meter, Stern has nothing over Cox. Is that got something new with size that he's talking about? What is that? So anyway, he goes on about Cox, a ridicule commissioner, Paul Tagly, blue, blue. He slurred NFL drug advisor, Dr. Lawrence Brown. He said the NFL considers him a nigger and finished by claiming that NFL quarterbacks are pampered and should wear pink tights. You jacked ass. How do you like that? I'm wondering how Danny Boy feels about that. A guy with a big, big mouth, a guy with a serious problem, a guy who is doing everybody if you're like fart within a five mile radius, Brian Cox is suing your ass. The other part of it is that very few people are listening anyway, Jorge, but he just doesn't want to get that message. He just hit like anybody who writes about sports on the air because it is allegedly your sports station, even though they have no games of any kind that are going on right now that they're broadcasting and just being up. And by the way, speaking to that, speaking to that things are looking pretty damn dim for all of us hockey fans. You better get your ass out to the arena Tuesday night. I'll tell you right now, hockey fans for that exhibition game against the lightning because it's looking pretty grim. Gary Betman, we got to bring him in here. He looks just like Tom Denner, we're going to bed day a little weasel. Only Tom at least was a good guy. And this guy is the biggest pile of crap I have ever seen in my life. Everything he's doing is in an effort it would appear to try to like force a showdown just like we had in baseball and lock the players out. That's what they're saying. October 1st, if they don't have the deal today, it's already the 23rd. We're talking about eight days. The regular season supposed to start October 1 and the Panthers October 4th, which is a week from Tuesday. It's not looking too good. That's right. We're going to have a lock out. If we can't get this thing ironed out and there's still a million miles apart, we're going to have a lock out. I think this could be the year. This could be the year that sports disappears in America. This could be the end. For a George standing up, giving you a standing a sitting ovation in the other room for that. No my, baby. No more sports because I got news for as much as I love hockey. This is, you know, the baseball thing gives them a golden opportunity. There is no baseball, no playoffs, no world series. The hockey season starts right at the time when the playoffs would be starting. And just imagine, for example, they were talking last week about how the Fox ratings on the NFL are up. Well, of course, they're up over what they were last year on any of the networks because there's nothing else going on, brain surgeons, people are desperate. People who want to smell leather in jox traps, those people are getting the world to go right now. And so the NHL and their infinite wisdom, and they've always been the governing board and all those assholes have always been a real raving bunch of loom ticks. And they're like, look at the shoot themselves in the ass again. Just what we need. By the way, thank you profusely to my dear close personal friend, Sandra from Exito Magazine, who was just in here earlier this morning. Didn't interview with yours truly. I wore my Luis Miguel T-shirt to impress her, which I'm sure I did. He was looking at all over the place and the T-shirt too. And we actually gave her a Segundo Román CD. So if there's somebody out there who doesn't get when you can blame Sandra, but he was a lovely. She's only been here 10 months from Cuba. So very, very good English. She was talking about how those Mexicans have this macho thing. That was kind of interesting. I thought that was all of hispanics. He said, is it a matter of degrees? I know that the Cubans and Mexicans do not get along. Is that true? I mean, many of the Hispanic like Colombians and the Nicaragans and whatever have a little bit of a rip. I guess there's like an especially strong thing between Cubans and Mexicans and probably because Cubans resent the fact that every now and then, if one of them is named Poncho, we get confused with being a Mexican. They resent that because they just don't have enough pens. Well, they keep that grease level up. I'm sorry. But not seriously, that Mexican group in Vegas this last weekend. They left a little bit to be desired to say they're very best. They're a compartment at that concert at Causuit at Caesar. They're just a whole ambiance to just, you know, makes you want to call for the Cisco kid and go out and dress up at a Mariachi costume. So thank you, Sandra. T-You okay? Now how many more do we have to give away? 13. Oh, 13. No problem. We can milk that for the rest of the show today. Thank you, Louise. That one was for you. And she asked me an interesting question like, do I really like, you know, if you admire somebody like a performer and you love them? Like in a, you know, love them in a, the broadest sense of the word, am I in love with Louise? And George had a good point. He has substitute to the word lust, which I thought was very good. But not the way you would think, okay? I don't think he's got room for me in a big circular bed. But it's just, you know, every now and then you run into somebody in your life and you think, hey, this is a great performer. They really feel like you almost know them. Like everybody in the audience, oh, they know me. They know me, oh, yeah, if I could tell you all the people that I run into, oh, you know, you know, Joe Schmeckler, he said he's a good friend of your never heard of him in my life. This happened at least once a week. Somebody who claims to be one of my best personal friends knows me hangs out with me. Comes over. We watch the ball games together. Never heard this person in my life. Kind of like fat richies friend down there at the sub place in Kindle who went to the hockey game with me. Well, he actually sat like 10 seats away. Went to that hockey game with me a couple of years ago, that exhibition is game. My best close personal friend of Captain Jimmy's. Anyway, and then of course we had the little brown jug yesterday and what a coincidence. We had our friend Tom the accountant, one of our poppin'o park groupies called in. He does it every year. He always goes up to the jug and Delaware, Ohio. And he put Tommy Houghton on the phone. Of course, everybody here who's in the harness racing knows Tommy and of course the whole Houghton family. And yesterday would have been his brother, Peter's birthday. Peter died in a car crash several years ago, one of the great drivers in the sport. And of course the father was Billy Houghton, the both of them who died in the racing accident a few years ago too. But anyway, would have been his birthday. And lower the old Cam's car truck, the favorite came up lame yesterday before his elimination was scratched, not race. And so magical Mike wins his heat and then goes on to win, pretty handily, the final and wins a little brown jug. Now they've got the, I was watching it on the satellite. They've got the ceremony in the winter circle and Roger Houston screaming and puking is out there, giving the trophy to Tommy Houghton the trainer. And it was one of the most emotional, I mean, he, you know, of course this would have been Peter's birthday. And I want to dedicate, of course, Tommy went to pieces and Roger was crying and I was sitting there squirting a few. And it was just a very emotional. So congratulations, Tommy, baby. I think we put him right over the top. I think being on his show, it always works. Even works for Willie Palmer, Lou, 1013 at WIOD. Have you ever noticed that when you go to rent a video, you can't find certain kinds of movies? Well, now you have access to movies that you not only couldn't find but probably didn't even know existed. An bouncing video search of Miami, this is your alternative to finding the movies that you want. Video search of Miami is a mail order service that gives you access to over 10,000 films, sexy films, action films, horror films from all over the world. Blood and guts movies that you folks out there just absolutely lust for, even uncut versions of American films with cut and uncut actors. And the cost is only 25 bucks for any item in the catalog. Video search of Miami called 279, 9773, 279, 973, the except checks, cash, money orders, visa, mastercard, whatever you got, they'll grab it. All orders will be shipped within two days too. Video search of Miami, they're open Monday through Saturday, noon to six. You can also arrange for additional information to be sent to your home. Call 279, 9773, they'll send you their extensive amazing catalog. Video search of Miami, you're alternative for films you thought were unavailable. And didn't even know we're out there. 279, 9773. This is South Florida's news, talk and entertainment station. Video search of Miami, you're here. I would be so embarrassed if I saw this Rick Alpern, you could be the biggest piece of turd that has ever come on a face of the year. Seriously, I don't know if yours is as bad as this. This is the all time. I mean, it coming at a time like this, I want to tell you something. It sales people are not assholes because assholes would be a major compliment. Okay, seriously, that would be the kindest thing that I could say about the sales organization in this building. This is, I look at all these things on this list here. Some of these people are like not even in business anymore. Yeah, I look at this. Here's this one here and here again. I guess this is to impress everybody. Most of these people don't even exist and some I never even heard of before. It's the computer. It's the computer. It's the computer. It's Rick Alpo is who it is, man. Who is like a walking piece of diarrhea. How can you be a piece of a walking puddle of diarrhea? Can we say that? Well, I just did, man. Oh, my God. And no wonder they've been like hiding this stuff under there. No wonder. Just unbelievable. Hey, listen, but we don't want to make too much of an impact here because we just, we like it the way it is. Here's Miami, Buenos dias. Hello. How can that be? How can somebody wait that long? I can hear them twisting their thing. Do you hear them twisting their thing? Hello, are you twisting it? Okay. Keep twisting, baby. Open line in day, it's 751, WIO day. I sure hope they didn't want anything because they didn't get in or whatever was. Here's the purple line. Hello. Hello. How are you doing? Okay, sir. I was switching through my tellers. Yes, sir. Saw you again. Guess where? Guess where. I mean a candle Toyota thing again. Yeah, Mark Jack asked once again. Yeah. Boy, they're sure flooding the market with it. It's a good thing I'm on there anyway. Yeah. I think he's getting all of the misery from you. Here I'm calling you. I need a CDT for the wife. Please me go. Well, that wasn't a very good build up to that. By the way, I want Bob Green to have a copy of this. This to me, this is one of the greatest things I have ever seen in my life. Seriously, I just want you to have this so I can make your weekend as pleasant as it did mine. This is just an astonishing thing. And they've been hiding these and holding these and hanging out on it. Well, I know why they've been wiping their ass with it. Anyway, you've got to beg a little bit better than that. I got a little story to tell you, sir. Here's the day morning. I came in. Not that you want to hear it, but I'll tell you anyway. It's a leasing do for the damn CD. I come in yesterday morning and there was a facts from a doctor on Miami Beach. He'd right up the street here. I'm not going to mention his name. And he volunteered his services. He said, I don't, what is that? He says, I don't want you to give me any publicity. I don't want my name on a year, et cetera, but, but I keep hearing your fetch about your sinus condition. I would like to offer my services and help you out. Okay? No charge, et cetera. So I called the office. I went there when I got out to the US today after known. He's a great guy. I don't want to jump to conclusions because every time I go to see a new doctor, I get very excited in the beginning. And then after a few weeks, I realized that they don't know their ass from my elbow. Okay? Right. Are you following this? Yes. We get all done with the exam. He gives me some stuff. Feel a little better today. Already, he says it'll take a few weeks. You got a cute sinusitis, blah, blah, blah. So then, as I'm leaving, he says, one thing I do ask is I desperately need one of those Luis Miguel CDs. How do you like that? Very good. I don't know what he is for his wife, for his girlfriend, because he is a married guy. Maybe he's got a girl. I don't know. Or who it was for, or maybe it was for him. And he was too embarrassed to say. But it's just amazing how Luis Miguel. I've turned him into not just the idol of Mexico, but the idol of at least the Dade and Broward County. Anyway. That's right. You're the king. I am. Well, now that you've sucked around enough, hang on. Thank you. You're going to be all right? Yep. Okay, hang on. Okay, on the purple line. Okay. Now let's do this pretty slow. I don't want to let clothes. And here's another memo that I just got. What is this? Super combo memo. Intercepting all these memos from the Kingpin over there. David Ross at WBGGG, the big. Bigum. Mothsia. Ladies and gentlemen, he says I feel ridiculous. Setting out a memo of this type. Well, David, guess what? A lot of us have thought you were ridiculous for many years. And a man in your position can't afford to look ridiculous. Are you following me? He says, however, one of us apparently does not have much common sense. Never mind who are what prompted this memo. Point is there is an issue that must be made clear to all of you. I encourage your friendly contact with listeners. You are ambassadors of your stations. Polite and pleasant contact is encouraged to promote the stations and yourselves as personalities to the listeners. However, combing the phone lines for dates and or accepting an invitation from a listener, especially one-off balance to have a sexual relationship as dangerous to both you and the station you represent. You must remember that you are personalities as such. Must adhere to a standard above all others. I could care less about your sexual preference, not your personal life, except when it affects the rest of us. Common sense dictates that casual sexual contact and initial that says, I think he means initiated his secretaries of bozette. Initiated by a listener could wind you up in the dog house, please forage for your personal sexual life in another stadium. Bottom line, common sense. If you are a proch by a listener in a highly aggressive manner, try to curtail the advance yourself. If you have problems, please see your PDs or me. If you have any question, bring them to my attention sign, DR, the kingpin, David Grote, arouse. Wow. Now we got another memo from Linda Energy. On O'Tool into Energy from Dave Denver, progress report on the Big One O'Six. Okay, well read the description. We got all the internal memo over there. Show up here in a matter of 30 seconds. Okay, David. I don't want you to get to paranoid or psychotic, but you've got some insides spies over there, who haven't had any hate you like poison, and know you're free to be in the butt plug that you are. Even though you are the kingpin. 1022 at WIOD. We're looking for a guest for Sports Talk 610. From Don't She Was All Start Cafe on Friday. And who do we come up with? Great, Nitch Kee. Right there in the scenario, speed right there. That man is a good guy. He's a good guy. Right there in the scenario, speed right there. That man number 66. He put the hit. But that friend's heart can't in that little weasel couldn't escape the past rush. Other vaults in Green Bay Packers. Hey, let's talk with Ray Nitch Kee. Friday night. Now she was all start cap-based. Sports Talk 610. Join the Mad Dog Gym Manage. And you're as true. The pay-bone challenge. News from around the planet. And a whole lot more. It's Rick and Suds. We day mornings right here. Hey, man. Hey, man. Now that was beautiful. Can you believe that I absolutely put my finger in a wrong thing? All of it still had its moments. Anyway, it's 10. The problem is that this thing technically don't work at all, but we'll work on it. We got a few little glitches in here. You hit the star button and it goes to like the opposition, which is a beautiful segue right into this next memo. Nice going, Neil. Two-linda energy from Dave Denver. Progress report. We've now been on the year three weeks. It's time to recap our progress and direction. Your performance has improved considerably since Rick Peters and I have been working with you. Oh, man. Wouldn't you like to work for people like this? Since we've been working with you, you're getting a lot better. Since you listen to us, the positive is one. Your energy in pacing is good. And your style adds emotion to the music. You're bright and upbeat without being overbearing. Two, your over, your, uh, what is it? Your over music sells. Break typically our focus to the music. Three, you work the audience slash phones well. There's a large priority towards imaging the station. Positive audience comments referring to the music are encouraged. Calls pertaining to other random issues are not important, then should be avoided. Like whoever is having sex with listeners, I'm sorry. Areas that need work. One. Here's that this ties right in. Man, see everything that happens like uh, ties in together. One. You still have a problem queuing up the proper song on the CD. Ha ha ha ha ha. Just a minor problem. You still have a problem queuing up the proper song on the CD. Maybe she's got a CD deck like the one we got in here now. This will be a major road block that will hinder your progress in long term Success at big 106 FM if you do not fix this problem. There is a simple solution. Automatically queue every song you play. If it does not begin the way you remember or if you're not familiar with the song, pull the CD out of the machine and make sure that it's the correct tracks last song. There's no better solution, baby. Two, a little Linda goes a long way. This is a good ego booster isn't it this metal? I still think you are trying too hard to throw in extra unnecessary, superfluous lines. You are still going for the rim shot. Remember as both Rick and I have explained several times now that the stage of growth in Big 106 does not have a place yet for a high profile personality development from our jox. Your job on the areas to simply positively image the music style and help the music have the music and flow. Remember it's Big 106 with Linda energy not the Linda energy show on Big 106. Bitch. I'm sorry. He's right. More specifically you do a good job of coming up with an audience, music, relatable thought. But almost every time you feel like you have to one up yourself with a punch line or rem shot or last jab. In almost all of a case, it's a left field comment that goes right over at least near his head and makes no sense. Remember this kind of chatter is perceived by listener as too much talk. Too much talk honey. Dummy up. Dummy down and dummy up. At this point as I've said before, let's do the basics very well. Doing the basics though does not mean you can't inject personality. Remember special words emotions or short compelling phrases kind of like Squirt Squirt will translate into positive personality perceptions much more effectively than someone who talks for the sake of talking. Again a little Linda goes a long way. End of memo from Dave Denver to Linda energy on the amazing very open like a big 106 where every memo every note every thought every fart just winds its way in our mailboxes over here and I can't imagine that the kinkpin can be very happy about that. We have an open line on the green line 1-800-944 and the purple line pound IOD if you have said it or won't give it a shot. Here's Western on the Asteroine. Hello. Little boy blue and so does Howard. Awww. Beauty. You know I will say this. I never turned over there. I'm very proud of myself. Never turned over there once this morning. I listened to Rick and Suds for a while listening to some Luis in the car on the way to work and never felt that I had missed anything. And then I found out that Howard's got a small penis. I missed that. I guess I already knew that and that Latoia's got a running feud with her phony husband that's her agent and they never slept in the same bed which we already heard on her brother about a hundred times. And I guess it didn't miss out much. So I'm just kind of like weaning myself away and it's not big. It's the only one reason and there's nothing there that I enjoy. And I also don't enjoy. I don't have the luxury of that much time in my 40-minute drive from home to here. I don't have the interest in hearing 26 or 27 minutes worth of spots and promos. It's just not a good time investment. Okay. It was telling me why they're like that. Why are they? Because he does three live spots per week. And his life gets the one and never. Yeah. And plus to be courted spots in between. And we already know there's live spots at the end because very often big comes back like in the middle of one like that Nathan spot. Like Nathan's. If I was eating meat, I love Nathan's man. They got some of the best weanies going bigger than Howard's ever seen. But they're just saying that you know and of course there was a little bit of hype. To be honest, I saw one of the billboards two yesterday on the turnpike. Pretty weak David. Pretty weak Mr. King playing. In fact, until you get right up on it, it doesn't, you know, it says Howard and hits of the 70s. Big one was said and he can't even read most of it except the Howard part. And that's it. So unless you're one of those people that's really just devastatingly attracted by the word on it, you just not got to pick you don't even know what it is. But hey, this is Miami, baby. Just keep that in mind. The purple line is still open. That's shocking. Here's Hylia. Buenos dias. Hey, what on the end? He's in back to you. Hey, just listen a little bit to sworn at the Howard. Yeah. That guy's a wiener. He's all. He has no material. He's just there in the way it's for people to talk to him and you know to talk to the Latoya. Was that for real this morning with their talk about the surgeon mentioned it? I didn't hear it. I didn't listen. I had to get going on that. You know, he's so boy. Sounds like he's up on the 86 40th party state building. Can read he's going to be put last week. He's lost his interest. That's basically I was talking to somebody about that this morning and what they're telling me is he's really just lost his interest. He sounds very down. A lot of the stations that he that are carrying the show are getting aggravated because for last year, you're in a half. He just sounds like he's going through the motions. That's what it sounds like to me. I used to live it listen to him up in New York. Right. That's because he was first coming out and he was pretty wild. He was great. I mean, he this is one of the funniest people in America. I'm not knocking Howard. I'm not going to show the show is not. I'll show is a shadow. Yeah, you're right. You guys did I do you got the rock the real party happening. We're doing it. We're doing it. And I'm having a good time. Well, that's good. That's all we care about. All right. Now you keep the party going. Have a great day, pal. A good. I'll read our read it. Open line in date 751 and that's cellular one line. It's got to be a mistake. Hello. Got to be a mistake. Isn't it cellular one? There has to be at least three people out there that have cellular one. No, they're only only. What is the only one that's got it? Pound IOD. That's the only line that's sitting there dormant. And it just comes as a great shock to me. See, that's the way I look at the talk radio. If we had 99 lines and 98 of them were lit and the purple line wasn't lit. I would that would be the one that would grab my attention. And you may think that that's bad. No, that's good. Don't ask me why it's good. But I just have a feeling that there's something good about that. Here's candle. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Me, a couple of things. Yes. I was listening yesterday to Mr. Hammer and Brian was up clocked. Yeah. And at the end of the show, guess how Brian Cox finished the conversation. Even though he gets paid by QAM, he must listen to WIOD. Of course, they're all listening right now. Yes, he said. He said, thanks, default. He said, say yes. Did he really? Absolutely. I always like Brian Cox. You know, he's a hell of a guy. He's got a beautiful middle finger. And he's okay in my book. The other thing about Howard, not only is he terminally boring, he's going to repeat what you, or whatever he's saying. But he starts talking about subject. The heat doesn't know anything. He started talking about Cubans and Miami. Yeah. And if they start 25,000 Cubans up his ass, he wouldn't know what's happening with the Cubans and Miami. Well, maybe they should try it. Yeah. And the other thing is, hey, Neil, whatever happened to seem done lap. To what? What ever happened to? Ging done lap. Who's that? Remember? Jim done lap. Yeah, you had a car. This car used to be in the LQM. Ging done lap. Oh, you're talking about those old QAM jingles. Oh, now we're talking. Wait a minute. Whatever happened. Oh, here. Hold on to see. Calm down a little bit. Sounds like you're going to have a spill. Spill your emotions over into the air. I'm just a little bit. Well, that's not it, but it's on. I'm sure it's on this thing. Well, Neil, like that. Maybe we can get a Ricky Tiki one. Oh, yeah. We've arrived here. We can send this over to Jorge Milani. You can play with it all day in the cart, too, because it's so obsessed with WQAM. He's got the hanks head so far up his ass that it's coming out. It's going to be a tank's going to butt off his tassels one of these days from the inside. I fool you there. Hey, listen and enclosing. Closing. This guys are calling and asking you for a CD. Yeah. It's not for the wives. It's for them themselves. Well, I believe that. Hey, Neil. It's one more thing. Yeah. What for my wife? Now, what are you going to do with this? I want to lock yourself in the bathroom with this, because it does have a nice picture of Louise standing like to a large instrument. Although I don't think it's his. I want to do it with my death. Okay. Hang on. Okay. That guy's on three. That pie's on. Look at the purple line. I'll get it. W-I-O-D. Yeah. I like to see because it's a rod. You run a cellular one line, and I picked you up cold, because I couldn't believe my eyes. How are you, Mr. Rogers? I'm doing very well, thank you. How are you doing, sir? I'm not doing as well as you are. I'm not. Why not? My take takes a lot smaller, but. Your paychecks a lot smaller, but guarantee is got something else that's bigger. Well, I don't know. Trust me. If you're just as small as you say, it is, yes, mine is bigger. Guaranteed. See, so life balances itself out. I'll leave by quarter of an end. In fact, I'll trade you this week's, if this were possible, which it's not, but just theoretically, I'd be delighted to trade you this week's paychecks, whatever yours is for mine, but we could trade our apparatus. How do you like that? But this year's work. It works great. Mine's kind of on and off. Like I said, I'll stick with what I got. The ass is always, the grass is always greener on the other side. They're real recent from my call up and listening to you. I think it was in 1977 when I used to come home from our college. 77, oh my god. To be at night, I think. Yeah. Topics and I know. It's news, right, you know. In fact, somebody, uh, norm can't facts me a copy of an article from for Lauderdale Magazine from 70 years ago about Steve Kane and me and Stan Major and Alice Rantell and it's just an amazing thing. I might read some of it. And there was a fat woman that used to be on the air with you guys. Surely Peter. That person she was like off to the wall. Now she's Gypsy Dush Lee. I think on the light bulb on a weekend. Anyway, she's going through AS, uh, second childhood. The real reason for my call. Yes. All this part I used to listen. I must admit to Sandy Pates and also. Oh my god. I honestly thought she was the nice person. She's not. She's a bitch. I remember you saying all the time. I'm sorry. But the cookies and all that crap. Sugar cookies. And what a big issue was. Yeah. I have attempted to listen to that station four times in the last three weeks. And I apologize for every doubting you. Because the hatred and no. Oh, no. He's just some that's spewing from her and witchner. Yeah. Well, well, he goes without saying he's just a redneck. But I mean, she puts on this real syrup year. And all she ever talks about is how the Cuban suck and their, you're up with her bilingual thing. You was born. Huh? You know where he was born? I have no idea. And South America, Poppy. No cheating. Yes. No cheating. It came to my baby when she was like five or six. But he was born on there. So it's like, you know, the podcast. Smelly bitch. Smelly bitch. Yeah. But the racist is probably unbelievable. Yeah, that's all she talks about. I mean, I'll grant you back during Mary. I had my own thing going and a whole thing with a bilingual thing. And I still believe in that that it's probably in a country. I don't see a lot of those things like what you say. All of I am like myself. I kind of agree with some of the things. I mean, Mary, the Mary, all thing is not debatable. Let's turn this down into a toilet. It just was done hysterically with no control. And we just let Fidel send all the alluded ticks into here. That's not the way to do an immigration program. But she just continues it on. And then I hear that Phil was reading it. Somebody was reading the thing the other day. A column quotes from people like Enus Sheerra, the same old people over and over again. These are the same ones. Oh, they were participating in that thing. They were woman just sucked me into the first call two days ago. Remember, they were protesting down there in Fort Lauderdale. And it's always the same ones. Their whole lives revolve around. Let's keep all the foreigners out. And let's, you know, do what we can to stick them in the back. When the book comes out, do you know where her demos are? Because I get to you don't hear a voice under 50 in that space. Her demos are death plus 10. I wholeheartedly agree and I feel like that's for every doubting you. You're the greatest. Okay. And our stern blows. Ask the cameo fetus. Wait, wait. Can I get a CD from my wife? How come I knew that was coming? I don't want one. Is that sure? Give it some eye oven of money. I can go out of here. There you go. This is our kind of guy. I have a great day. That's our kind of guy. So, pasta cameo fetus. We have an open line on the, and see I never doubted the cellular one. There may not be many of them that the salt of the earth. Isn't that what they said in the godfather of the salt of the earth? That's Senator from Nevada. We have an open line in date, 751, and this time the star line. If you have bell soft mobility, don't be a slacker. Just pick it up and whack it at star iod. 21 till 11 already at wiod. This afternoon and two, don't miss Phil Hendry. Everyone of him right here. It's not just Hank Goldberg. It's a hippopotamus. Hi. The bow. Well Helen, I got the picnic all laid out, but there's no room for this huge bowl of potato salad. Oh, he's rested on my big butt. Oh, Helen, you're so lucky. You have the biggest butt in the subdivision. I like big butt in a keen mat. Yes, Helen knows big butts are in. So if you want to turn heads of the beach, you need new leaf press on cheese. Oh, look at the cooler on that gap. Wow, what an onion. You look great. Feel great. And you'll get two seeds on the bus. But wait, you may even have a chance for a Hollywood grease. I struggled out here for years until I got lead press on cheese. Now I've done a Golden Girls assigned so a next week. I'm a stunt butt on the commiss. Lead press on cheese. We are giving the world a bigger place to see. 10.44. And I'm re-reading this memo from David Ross. George and I were having a conversation about this because it really pisses him off. This is not our company, but I would imagine after receiving this knowing the way that this company thinks we'll probably receive our own memo within the next few days. What is wrong with accepting an invitation from a listener to have a sexual relationship if they're over the legal age? If they're over at least an eight and a half on a scale of 10 in appearance. If they're extremely hot, if they're ready to rock and roll, if they're clean, if they've been inspected, if they have no social diseases, what's wrong with that? And why is it David Ross's business I would like to ask? What are the parts about being a disjockey for years? One of the only reasons that anybody aspires to be a disjockey is so they can answer the phones and get laid a lot. That's basically, I mean when Larry King was here doing whatever he was doing a talk show years ago. He tells that notorious story about how he put on at L.P. And he went and met some bitch, my me, Beatro right over the Cosway here. And the thing came to it ran out. It just could go tick, tick, it got to the end and then went like that for like 25 minutes. It got stuck on you, yeah. This is the record that is. So I just, I don't get this. I mean talk about uptight and dick tutorial. Like it is feeling especially reading this memo from Dave Denver. These are some very dick tutorial and nasty people to work for. I mean, no critique is okay, but that goes beyond the regular critique. It's like just a series of obnoxious shots as in Fred shots. Never even saw anything like that. So there's a kind of guy we all aspire to work for. I'll guarantee you that the Kingpin. Here's the Hollywood. Hello. Hey there. Yes sir. Neil, I just wanted to tell you. I had a dining experience the other night that I thought you would love me. It wasn't what Joey Carr was it because he's big in the dining and dancing. What's with Joey? Oh no. Okay. macaroni grill. Yeah, here that's really good. That was fantastic. Huh. It was deep ass. Now I've never eaten in Rome. Oh come on. Come on. You see now you're getting a little bit carried away because I've been there 10 times. And if you're going to try to, I mean, I've heard the macaroni grill is great. But if you're going to try to get saw, I can saw it at the answer. It's the same as Rome. Oh, I'm not. That's what I said. I know. I'm warning, I had a car field. That's what I said. I never have. Sure. What did you have? What did you have? Well, I see. I had a pasta that was in a Ferretini sauce and grilled chicken in it. And a serve. What was it like? Pente pasta perhaps? Pente. I don't know. Here's a guy, a real kind of sweeter. Absolutely. Yeah. But it was fantastic. And the atmosphere was fantastic. And I think you need to go there. There's one right on now. Wait, what was this? It was the university just north of Barberville. Right. That's the one. Yeah, I've seen it a minute. It's right next to the animal hospital. Yeah, something like that. And the shell station. Yes. Very prestigious location. Yeah. Everybody tells me it's a great place. And I've dittled around. And of course, so I haven't got a chance to go in there. Now what you're describing to me sounds pretty fat. What does what you get better, Cheney type of what you get that kind of cream sauce, man? Well, they got all kinds of stuff in light oils. They got that. I think it's a hundred different kinds of pasta. Great. So how many females are you getting from them to mention it? Absolutely zero. That's that's bad. No, I know. You should get like a virus. Maybe if I go back in there. Because even though we're careful, it doesn't understand. But when somebody mentions a restaurant or any kind of a retail establishment on a show, it immediately goes bonkers. I mean, they immediately get phenomenal response. Even though our sales department can't translate that into understand. They can't know they can't relate to it. Oh, man. Yeah, as a matter of fact, if I go later and have to stand in line now, because there's something to be pissed off. Yeah. Hey, one other question. Yeah. You're in the satellite dish and all that stuff. Heavyweight. What do you know about prime star? What do I know about prime star? I know that I keep seeing that spot. And I know that there's, I don't say where you're going to get it. Well, I don't. Well, they were running the spots. We had these Florida radio networks spots. You may have heard them on this station a couple of weeks ago. They ran for about three or four weeks. And they didn't say anything. All I said was, oh, you're going to get 75 channels. And it's Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob. That's a picture. I. And that's it. And then you see the same ones. I guess it must be the video with the same audio. And you see them there on TV. And it, it looks great. But you know something. They don't tell you where you're going to get it. When you're going to get it, it's. I'll tell you a little something that I know because I called the phone number. And they sent me this brochure. Oh, they do have a phone number, right now. Yeah. And it's installed by PCI cable that sucks, because that's my cable company that I'm trying to get away from that nice. Yeah. Right. And what is it? And for $30 a month, they give you like 20 or 25 channels. Then you can add this on and you can add that on. Oh, my God. Paperview channels. But if you want to watch a movie, you pay that for the pay for view. And it's a crap. It's a rip off. Yes, it is. Another nice job by the cable company. They stick their foot. And you know why they're doing these things, don't you? Because they're scared, cramplists when the new small satellite does come out. Yeah. When all this technology comes out, over the year people and the cable people, they're going to be so well, baby. Which I saw something on, I think the news last night about that little dish. Right. It's ready to roll. Well, if we ever look long enough for it to get out, all the people who can't get a dish because they live in some city where all, you know, the zoning thing or maybe they don't own their own house. You just slap that baby on a window. And they're going to get about 150 channels. Yep. Yep. Can't wait. And everybody can pick up the phone and tell their cable company where to stick it. Yeah. Have a great day. Stick it in a macaroni grill. Twenty-send. Yeah. Here that's a good place. In fact, I had a whole bunch of certificates and I gave them away to somebody. $10 off. Maybe we can get some more of those. Where did we get those? How come they're not on the air with us, by the way? It's a very special reason. See, I'm going to tell you this is it really is the most frustrating place that I've ever worked in my life. Not the worst place, the most frustrating place because there's a, there's a exact disproportionate reaction. Whatever you do, in other words, the response that you do gets how am I going to describe this well. The opposite reaction, for example, are trip to Vegas. Within two days, we had 500 people between here in Tampa signed up ready to go. We wound up taking 300 people, which is still a pretty good deal. Bob Lincoln wound up losing his ass. I wound up losing 10 years off my life. And because it was like, that's just, it doesn't involve enough money. It's not worth getting involved. And we got no assistance, no help. And they never translated that into anything else. Look at our friend Judy there from JNS travel that sent me on a great trip to Vegas last weekend. She had a whole bunch of those trout in it, special deal. She had to Vegas. Just meant you just breathe at once and the thing with a book of burgers, anything that we mentioned on this show, this is a powerful goddamn show. What goes on in a back and downstairs in this building with this sales department in Rick Alpo is enough to make you just, you just look at this man, you wonder, what kind of a walking pile of diarrhea can you possibly be? No, you can smell it. You just know when he's in the building, you can smell the diarrhea, just follow me. It kind of through the fence. That may have been the, I think even very con couldn't get rid of that aroma. Something really stinks in this joint. And like I said, it's in reverse proportion. The more response you get from the audience, the less they're interested in like peddling your show. It's like, ah, gee, you're just, you're a little bit out of control. And we didn't talk about this just the other day. I think it was on Monday. Because of my trip to Vegas and walking into Rhapsody. I mean, here's the restaurant in Las Vegas, 2500 miles away. I still have my shoes hanging on the back on the line and the back yard waiting for him to dry out. That's how much, no, that's how much this guy peed on my leg. I mean, I'm just amazed. But don't tell that to these people here in the building because you wouldn't want to buy any spots with it. And I didn't think so. And it's just, it's in a front. It's an insult to your intelligence. It's like a big boot right up your ass. 1052. Abid, you see I'm a trouble maker. They don't like me back there. So screw them. They can go to hell. 1052 at WIOD. And then they get like 25,000 people in there. Because there's so many fans here. They're just front for running phone. He's like everything else. But anyway, we don't want to say that. Oh, and also the big thing from Jorge, me. Now, what am I reading about QAmen Brian Cox? When the big piece of thing that should be right at the headline here, you idiot Jorge. Jeff de Forest is close to signing a two-year agreement to continue his host at WIOD. He sports talk, 610. Oh, like that. All these assholes like Jorge and Barry Jackson. Oh, he's going to be over at QAmen a second ride. He wants to be there with a heavy hitters like Saganki. Hurricanes in Washington, tailgate party, 1230 to 303 o'clock, September 24th, tomorrow, at Lock West 2, WS2, west side of the Orange Bull for directions just call up Darrell and see if he's found his own. Like a life. Oh, South Florida's news talk and entertainment station, news talk radio's 610. WIOD. My Emmy Fortlaterdale. I'm a fan of the show. Oh, yeah. Give it more. Just give it more. Dad, me, Coleman, Dad, me, Coleman. Oh, no. There last shows, blue. There's how land are I'll eat and do wilder. It's the wildest day, blue. And Martin, shots been dug up, too. But didn't they retire? And they're all through. And now I'm sitting with you. But it's new. TV's in will be the old. I see it. Part of my money and I'll never get to. My mean, it's a 10-hour wait. We're going to take the other up to this West End. Oh, my, pal, and it's done. Okay, so what's the message for Rosie that lovely young lady who just got the CD? Us husband is busy locked in the bathroom with Luis Miguel blow up Darrell. What's the message? Just spoke to Bob Green and he said it's okay. So we're on baby. Okay. See, that's the kind of outfit we got. Like I said, it's not depressing to work here. Yeah, right. If it weren't for the sales department, this might be. And if it weren't, let's think of some of the other departments. If it weren't for like, no, now that boy Gary's gone, we can't mess too much with the programming. New department. He's kind of harmless in there. Steve Nickelbag. He's all right. And both Green of course, he just got me my hockey tickets for a season that probably won't get played. But hey, don't knock it. He meant well. And what else, you know, so we're not knocking other than the sales department. I say we cut the sales department off. And then there's also the promotions department. And there's also the research to see how easily how soon we forget. But we do like our good close personal friends at the coast and how 105 don't we? Do we have any? Well, George does. But that's another story for another day, Anna Maria. We have an open line in day, 751, one on the blue line in Broward, five, two, four, and one on the Green line. 1,800, 9, 4, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3. I want to find out. I'm sure not listen. I guarantee that there are people who work in businesses where they have phones and they do business on the phone. Right? They answer phones. And I will guarantee you there are people in the audience who have talked to somebody on the phone. Sounded friendly. Sounded interesting. Sounded hot and ready to do a hot-to-trot. And have, you know, stoked up a little something on the phone. I'm not talking about calling up one of those 1,900 numbers and listening to somebody really breathing on the other side of the phone while you're taking matters in Glenn in hand. That's how what I'm talking about. I'm talking about actually getting to meet some of your clientele. Isn't that what we're supposed to do? Super service, the clientele. From Bo Green's mouth right to your ear. Super service to clientele. And I've met lots of people in the audience. I would be delighted to super service. And almost almost anyway they would like. What's wrong with that? And here's this uptight king peninsula over their Dave Ross in Big 106. Well, you're ambassador as of your stations, polite and pleasant contact is encouraged. But no hanky, panky, baby. What an uptight puttsman. What a real puttwacker. Here's a lady in for Lauderdale. Hello. Hi. Hi. Yes, ma'am. I think waiting so long. I know me too. How are you? I'm doing great. You have no idea how long I've been waiting. A long time. I'm not going to be around the bush. I'm calling for Dave. She wants Louise. See? See? She wants to see it. Gladow. Are you coming to the concert? See? You are? See? Which night? This is October 8th of my birthday. Saturday. Well, I got to play you a little thing, don't I? All right. Because it's a head of time. But since you're Louise fan. That's right. I do like that. Thank you. I love you. So you get two for one. You get a Louise CD and a happy birthday greeting from the king and queen. How do you like that? So much. Have you ever seen him perform live before? No sir. Are you in for a treat? Trust me when I tell you. First and I can't. Your body will melt from head to toe. He is the greatest entertainer. He comes out. I will warn you this though. He is wearing a linoleast area too much of a beard. He was trying to be like, I don't know who. But he was trying to be like a little too mature. He said that teeny bopper thing. Now he has like a little just a little growth. In fact, he and I share that one thing in common. We both have a little growth. But it's not too much. You know, just a little fuzz. And it, you know, but he's just terrific. You are I love every minute. You will. You won't want to leave. And you certainly won't want to leave him behind. Okay. Hang on. Okay. And post the cameo fetus. Okay. She's on a four. I believe. Open line a date. 7.5. And Boko where they're just there in La La Land up there. Palm Beach. Ah, they really are. Nothing's going to change. I'm reading this article. It's amusing because this is in the four-letter. I don't even know if this magazine exists anymore. My Emmy magazine, the counterpart. I haven't seen it. Maybe it does. Sure, I'm making a big impact on my life because I haven't seen it. And it's from nine September 87, seven years ago this month. And talk show, show, where a sizzle. Here's the Mr. Ego on the front. Steve Kane with the IOD logo. That's when he first came here. IOD and I was still on INZ. And Stan Major had just come to INZ and Alice was over there and W snooves. There are some great quotes in here. Some really great quotes. First of all, this business of I don't want. I don't want to be a good guy. And Mr. Ego was saying this and I'm saying that. And they're quoting me as saying, Where's the last page here? And over at WINZ, Roger is saying, Is anyone listening out there has South Florida just gone to sleep? I think their brains just died. And whoever wrote the column says, Maybe Roger's question is the best question of all. Is there anybody alive out there? Are they brain dead? It's by Paul Carson, whoever he may be. I'm a waterdale magazine, 987. And look how fat I was there. But I look pretty healthy. You know what? I was fat but look pretty good. And I'm sitting there with one of my famous big oversized checkered shirts. I look a little like fat rich in that picture. And I got my stogi. Oh boy, would that be good now? I can't do it. Can't do it. Wouldn't be good for my son. I'm sure that my doctor friend up the street would agree with that. Not good for your son is condition in Georgia. Stick a one in his mouth right now. Not lighting it of course. Just to have something to pacify him for the moment. You know those Cubans. Twelve minutes after 11 at WIOD. The payphone challenge news from around the planet and a whole lot more. It's Rick and Suss. We day mornings right here. Thank you, Blake. I'm on the IOD. Firefighters remain perched high on these long ladders. A hoses in hand. Oh, hey. You're gonna cheat this kid. It's making an issue. All the old folks off in the mall. Boy. The check in the seeding this. No, they never say please. Just wait for their lives, special to come. Wait and see. Meet no fish plants, but Somie festival. And the s wave itself here. You know, it's their own damn fun The shuffling in the land To get the early bar on time The position just is not as decay And once they are seated They get overheated As dark stuff and roses we're loving and bad Waste it away, I can't handle it Oh, hey Looking for that long lost father and a real fool And how did it say that it's a fool of truth Who's a day but for some And I'm blind to blues You know, folks don't know the reason But nothing is pleasing The muscles they can't teach us don't fit What does it matter? When they call up kneeling in the shadow I hate you to never listen to your shuffling I'm wasting away, I can't handle it Just a box of metaphysl and a brand And how did they claim that it's a dark host to blame? I know, you know, they can't wait for their shuffling And how did they claim that it's a dark host to blame? They just can't wait for their shuffling Love an IT to WI to get back to this beautiful column That's amazing, that's something about talk radio Of course, at that time when this was written 70 years ago, there were three stations INZ, IOD WS News made a rest in peace And it's amazing how this Paul Carson keeps referring to the Chinese and Chinese characters And they're talking about the Chinese characters They're talking about the Chinese characters They're talking about the Chinese characters They're talking about the Chinese characters They're talking about the Chinese characters They're talking about the Chinese characters They're talking about the Chinese characters They're talking about the Chinese characters They're talking about the Chinese characters They're talking about the Chinese characters They're talking about the Chinese characters They're talking about the Chinese characters They're talking about the Chinese characters They're talking about the Chinese characters They're talking about the Chinese characters They're talking about the Chinese characters They're talking about the Chinese characters They're talking about the Chinese characters They're talking about the Chinese characters They're talking about the Chinese characters They're talking about the Chinese characters They're talking about the Chinese characters They're talking about the Chinese characters They're talking about the Chinese characters In some cases twice what Rand tell was doing just opposite him at WNews And during some periods three times the numbers There was no question that during some periods Rogers was pulling in more than Alan Sandi combined He's a major talent followers said But he quickly adds that those huge numbers occurred When Rogers first moved the mornings against Rand tell And also while his hallendale crusade was generating publicity Let's see what happens in the next arbitron book Or the one after that followers said For his part Rand tells us if he fuses to measure his success Or lack of it on the basis of one ratings period I've been successful in this business over 70 years Thank God in the question is Alice asked Can Rogers sustain this moment of a year two years or five years from now As to Alice in the answer is how about that? Sweetheart But anyway that's the way it goes So let's just plot along here I'm trying to make these people wait a while because after all We don't you know it's going to beg a little bit Let's make a wait for it Is that what they always say to me? I'm going to say two four one on the green line One eight hundred nine four four and that damn purple line man That cellular one line is the bone of a banana by existence Pound IOD we pay for it and they still don't want to speak to us Because they think that they're whole year than now if they have cellular one They think they're about your hot shots and they just forgot to dot the eye 11 22 it's break time again. Wow this is getting like some other show 11 22 a Wild This afternoon and two don't missville, Henry Every one of them right here Big beaver's a musmy Women's school when he walks into a room He is the bear chested cover hunk of a thousand romance novels He's swam yo How long can't you warm-on who are swabbling so much when you are seeing my even chest Swam yo is back with another romance book Love is a monkey my love is a monkey it climbs up your tree swabbios as crafted hundreds of love jokes That will lift your heart to new heights of ecstasy I am a genius, but listen to what the critics are saying about Love is a monkey Smart me simplester so many And swabbios knows that's the way your women's like it a smart me simple mistake and show Show my manhood don't miss love your new book love is a monkey my love is a monkey That eats a rip up a manaz she sits in the sun and gets nice and and Something about wherever books magazines and those little horoscope scrolls are sold I'll tell you what thing I just took my life in my glam my hands I felt this tremendous pressure and sometimes there's only one way to relieve it you kind of like tilt off to the side And I had graved out in my mind about well, you know what I'm talking about my delity the other day exactly I'm not really sure whether to like turn it loose or just hang on for your life But I mean a tremendous pressure in fact you can kind of still smell it at this point. I mean really trust me don't come anywhere near here And I leaned over on my left cheek and oh and thank God Oh, moist no no I wouldn't be saying thank God if it were you crazy Not even a little human in another just a little one and it was okay it was okay That is always a frightening thing and especially when you just you can almost Psychologically you just no seriously there are times when you really have your doubts There's a certain feeling and you just you're not quite sure whether it's going to be the desired result to relieve a little bit of pressure or whether it's going to be a real mess I feel like sitting here another two and a half hours in my own mess something knocking on your barn exactly We have an open line on the agreeing not let me handle the okay because you're you're discussing your filthy and vulgar and grow test And that's the way we like it open line in the agreeing line 1-800-944-9463 okay, let's let's cut all the crap. Let's do my any hello Hello Neil. What is this how are you great good? I'm calling I'm not calling to ask you for any good That's good just a thank you for something okay. This is as required from daily bread food bank Right and with that guy called yesterday and we turn them on to you guys and we really appreciate it in the thousand dollar donation. We hope to be beautiful See we'll provide about 5,000 meals out in the community outstanding so you're done good Okay, thanks a lot. Okay keep up the good work pal. Thank you. Thank you. How do you like that? See we don't have any influence on is sure we don't make any impact Guy calls yesterday who had called Camille House and evidently they're doing too well just like with us. We're not when I raise money for them anymore They got that multi-million dollar donation from that guy who went to the slammer and he gave him like a few million dollars to ease his conscience And last year they were very picky and choosey about you know, well, we don't want to die. That's a little too obscene and we you know So we said scrum If you're doing that well that you don't need our help and you don't need a couple hundred thousand dollars every year We'll give it to somebody who does want it and who is appreciative and we'll cooperate and that turned out to be center one and four lot of it Who do fantastic work and we're gonna be doing that starting November one. So anyway this guy called yesterday had the same experience called up Camille House Ah, no, but he would answer he finally got a hold of somebody and they said the hey go call the Pope is not feeling good He'll wait a few weeks call your back and he said I would like to you know help somebody out and he's not feeling too good man He's looking really bad if you don't understand. I think somebody took away his weed Oh, seriously, that was the only pain killer that kept him on the go so to speak and they took it away. He's hobbling around big time Can't you oh, I don't wish him any you. I really don't all though. Well, but anyway I want to be something if he just doesn't quite make it and we have to go through that thing again where they have like the blow in the smoke Because that's what the Catholic Church is best at is blowing smoke But anyway, so this guy asked for a suggestion where some you know folks who helped the homeless and we came up with daily George came up with I said the Miami rescue mission was one which is a good answer and the other answer was they leave bread food bank And the guy called up there obviously followed through he wasn't just to be as artists and is giving him a grand and that's a beautiful thing It's a beautiful thing want to see it. We have an open line in Broward 524 one on a green line Definitely know what Tristan Boker today man. They are just busy up there doing their yet to routine They're expecting a really hot weekend. They might melt like plastic out there in the sunshine They're taking cover as best they can. It's a sad sad state of affairs isn't it in Palm Beach County I wonder how the goddess is doing you know other than the first day which he started which was on Tuesday We haven't gotten an awful lot of feedback on that and I would like to find out. I like Randy a lot. I wish you all the best. I really mean that But I just am a little bit nervous about the people around that radio station that Jay pitch you on or pick on or whatever that guy's name is and that whole fair bank Soporation they just make me a little bit nervous because I don't know. So we'll find out. We'll probably get one spy report. Here's Pembroke Pine. Hello. Oh, no. Yes. Besides I shame was request I did happen to catch a little bit of Randy yesterday. Okay, here we go. Well, that was a quick response. Yeah, I was driving around up in Boca. Oh my god. Anyways, I lied while and she was he sounded pretty good. That's good. You know, but actually had excellent excellent jokes and some of those parody. She's talking about right. But how about the callers? How about the response from the brain dead audience in Palm Beach County? Probably a different different type of people. Different group. Yeah different younger sounds like younger people. Really? Yeah from out in the western areas. Young people are living in breathing people in Palm Beach County. Why does he already in less than a week brought some living people in that place? Iced gone Randy. Yeah, I think she'll be okay up there and you know, she might she might a little bit bigger. Yeah, huh? There you go. Not a lot of hope. I hope they're bringing it up. Believe me. She's got to stop the growth of those things. She won't be able to stand up straight. Exactly. But listen, I want to get behind you on this on this. I don't think so. I don't want to get I don't want to just do close behind. Poor choice. Yeah, a bad choice of words pal. You want to stand alongside me on the casino gambling thing. Yeah, well, I've given it some thought and it's not like it might be a good idea. They're starting to run their TV spots. I saw one yesterday and they're very, you know, they're low key. They're not hysterical. They're not promising them. They're going with green cheese. But they cut through all the blue crap. They tell you exactly what the limited casino proposal is on a ballot. What it's going to do. And, you know, they're starting to explain it as opposed to all these hysterical Bible-thumping negative people who are always against anything that might mean progress. Yeah, I don't think it'll be too bad. I mean, they've got gambling here for years. Exactly. I do not understand for the life of me the difference other than the atmosphere. Of course, if you go to the dog track, the horse track, the harness track, the highlight. It's gambling. If you buy a lot of reticulate, guess what? It's gambling. And I just don't get what the big hysteria is. How you can legalize all of that. Then turn around and say, oh, well, gambling is sinful. And it's going to bring the old deck of cards down. Exactly. Well, yeah. And it'll just bring a little bit more glamour to the darn state, more anything else. Bring some life. If any place they want life, this is the place. And by the way, Lisa, I hope that aroma has worn off by now. Oh, okay. She didn't even notice. And I have to say anything. Go ahead. I'm sorry. All right. Well, I thought I wanted to say I had besides that Luis Miguel request. Well, what do you mean by that? Well, I mean, you want to hear one of his songs? I was not going to throw a CD exactly. Now is this for you or your boyfriend or your girlfriend or wife? I've got a kind of mildly hooked on this Spanish stuff. I got a CD from those. These guys, the gypsy kings. She enjoys that. Gypsy kings. Who the hell is that? That's never a Spanish group. They do singing and play a lot of guitar, class, the old Fumeco type guitar and stuff. And there's a lot of, you might want to give Melissa, you might like them. The gypsy like Luis Miguel. There's a whole bunch of these Spanish guys. There's a, there's a, uh, a shagan and there's Ricky Martin who's on the general hospital who floats like a butterfly is all about to these guys. Ricardo Marta's Ena. Christian who floats like a pack of butterflies. Yeah. They're interesting guys. Okay. Hang on a second. proud your kill on me. Hang on. And I hope she enjoys it and the CD too. Guys on six is wife wants Luis immediately. And by the way, next week, I do think I don't want to make any promises, but I do believe it. And I would assume since we got all the CDs, I have a feeling that the tickets are coming next. You can almost feel it coming, can't you? Uh, they will have a, not a lot, but a few paratickets for the Luis Miguel concerts. I'm not sure which night they'll be for, but you'll take whatever you can get. Believe me. Because it's coming like in two weeks from this weekend. God, it's going to be, see last year, I got to confess to you last year and Vegas last December. It was great. The concert this year, the concert was great, but the ambiance and the people standing up it It attracted a lot. I mean a lot. And it was, uh, aberrant Mexicans who just couldn't get out everybody's way and just didn't give a crash. I mean, I don't know if I can get out of the way and just didn't give a crap about anybody else. A lot of people spent 150 bucks and 130 bucks to see to go see Luis. We did not go to see the back of their ass, their face, their post-arraything else. We went to see his, all of the above and lots more. And, uh, it, they tracked it a lot from it, but I'm sure. And I have a feeling we'll probably get some more information from some of the experts on the James Knight Center that it's just, it's just not the kind of place that's conducive to people being able to stand up in front of you. Especially when you're in row three. And from the concert. You pay your money. And by the way, I did pay for these, didn't I? Now that I think of it. Yeah. So can't accuse me of being a free loader even though I would like to be. I like to be in the first row. I like to be front row center where nobody can get in front of me. Of course there's always a bunch of hysterical wholeets that come running up with their cameras. And you know, I don't mind if you kneel down. Take a quick picture and get out of my post. Get out of here, bitch. That's all. But don't stand in front of me and block my view. I can't hear to see him. Not your stupid ugly ass. Now some of the guys there might disagree. Maybe her ugly ass is prettier than his ugly. I don't know. Possible. I doubt it though. It's 1136 at W.Y.O.D. America's favorite neighbor invites you over man. Applebees, home of the world famous rible at platter. Pond of Hickory smoked rib tips served up in a spicy barbecue sauce with fries and Kohl's law for only 869. And the rest of the menu is just as good. Applebees has a fantastic house to rely on. Try their Applebees burgers throughout of this world too. The double deck of quarter-pond patties with two kinds of cheese. For example, we'll really clog your arteries. And don't forget they've got, well, I discovered this a couple of weeks ago. We went in there for dinner on a Sunday. And I saw this pizza veggie patch thing and it described it pretty well. And we ordered it and it's like that extra thin cooked in a baked in a wood burning brick oven that thin crust just exactly like the one you'll find in Italy. I mean, if you ever wanted to find the real thing, the MS. This is it. The pizza veggie patch with artychocard's mushroom spinach fresh tomatoes on a blended delicious Italian cheeses out of this world, just like being in Rome. Applebees has something for everybody, including a separate Sunday brunch menu, gathering time from 3 to 6 p.m. from 10 p.m. to closing with half-off price on nachos, buffalo wings, mozzarella sticks, and daily special Saturday too that you'll love in the prices always right too. America's favorite neighbor invites you over for their famous riblit platter and lots lots more Applebees, two locations at 10135 Pines Boulevard, and right by my house, stop by and wave and just get out of my neighborhood. 127 19 West Sunrise Boulevard right next to the Sogras Mills Mall. This is South Florida's news talking entertainment station. You've got radio signal, you jackass, company via the day. Can I insurminate you? You jackass. May 5th, think, go to my ear. The Mexican National Holiday. Some stations are giving away trips to cancels. I'm giving away trips to Mexico City, but who are you? Bringing Mexico to you. That's right. We're giving away Mexico. Real live Mexico. I can remember. We'll be smuggling illegally. Lians are cost of ordering the wheel well of a station van. Then we'll give you one to you. Imagine your own personal Mexico. They'll wash your car. Clean your house. If you're a cry. Anything you want. Because if they don't, you'll have them deported. Audio, some bigos. Leave a tent collar when you hear this sound. And win a Mexican. Members of this station and their families are not eligible to own Mexicans. Bating in the Los Angeles Mexican Mexicans is winners responsibility. Station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans. Celebrate single-bio with your own home. Every day. With your very own Mexican people listening to weird. So there's this big article in the USA today. Guess they started with a piece yesterday in their continuing today? Cover story. Wait a minute. Where do I have this? Why am I looking off of facts? Why didn't somebody immediately stick this in front of my post? And show me this because it ties right into what's going on here or what is not going on here. Section D. State of uncertainty. Look at that. And there's that fallack thing that looks to me very similar to the state of Florida on the map. Will tourists flock back to Florida at acts by Kathy Lynn Grossman. Poor Florida, she says. Poor Florida. Its image is in quite a state. In recent weeks, it's been Caribbean refugee rafts watching a shore. And before that, grim reports of more-more-dured tourists. Blue shit in the highway. Little wonder that visitor counts are headed south. The number of people can come- what is it coming to Florida? Will dip to 40 million this year. And here comes our launch, Hallelujah. Beautiful. Just in the meantime, too. It's just about right to pass out. Produce the state division of tourism. The larger question is what lies behind it goes out of talk about Vegas, of course, without saying. And it also goes on to mention that Gil never gets where they're outstripping Florida in tourism this year. For the first time ever. And that's why I just played that bit. It's a coast of Mexico. So even with the bad water, even with the bad diarrhea, even with all those grease balls down there. And spite of all of that, Mexico is outstripping Florida now for tourism, okay? And it goes on and on a great length. Stories of violence and refugees test the travel of destination staying power. And even the Disney people are quoted this article. And as the adamant is they are in short-sight near-sighted as they are in stupid. It says, you have to feed the system with new tourists as well. Now, the worst day feel like the old people once they come here they'll come back. But you have to feed them with new tourists. Well, guess what, Pali? If you're going to bring in new tourists, you have to have new things for them to do. I don't want to mention anything specific, but you can only use your imagination. God, we got enough food in here for these really army here today. Beautiful, outstanding. See, this is right after you own a kipper just a week later. And we got to make up for all the fasting. Well, beautiful. Sir, thank you so much. And we'll just dig through it. And I'm sure come up with two or three or four or five hundred good things. Beauties. I'm sure you can sit there. Fred, Johnny and Sue, outstanding. My favorite in the entire world. There are a few things that are like in my mouth better than that. Here's a lady in sunrise. Hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? All right. Can't hear you, though. I'm very shy. I just wanted to know if I can have this TV. Oh, yeah. But first of all, I can't hear you. Secondly, you have to speak to me for like least 30 seconds. And you have to suck around and pretend that I'm, you know, wonderful guy. And that, you know, you can do that. You are. You sound like you've sucked around before once you twice in your life. That's right. Right. So what is it you like about this show? The fact that we give stuff away free? No, you're very controversial. Very controversial, very outspoken, full of crap. That's fair. And what about Luis Miguel? Now, if you've been a Luis Miguel fan for a long time. That's right. Yes. And. And that's it. Are you going to have you ever seen him in a live? No, and I don't intend to. Have you, you don't intend to? No. Why not? I don't like him. But I like the way he thinks. That way, man, run that by me again. In other words, you like his music. You don't like him for his body. That's right. Wasn't it possible to like both? No. No. I mean, do you like who you're glisting? I like everything about him. I like his smile. I like his personality. I like his face. I like his body. I like his music. I like his everything about him. From head to toe, every here on his body. I love the music is the most incredible. Even though I don't understand most of it. I can sing it in S. Pony. All I sing right along with the music in the car. People look at me like I'm crazy, which I probably am. It's a phenomenal thing. But I'm going to give it to you because you embarrassed yourself. But listen, come to the concert. I'm telling you, once you get to see him, you'll be emotional. I promise you. Okay. Hang on. Thanks, Alex. Okay. Very, very, very, very calcidrin lady. There are six. So we got six to go. How are we going to milk that for two hours? So here's some beautiful French onion soup from New York, New York. This isn't the week to be talking about New York by the way. Not on this, not on this town. But that's okay. Huh? Not about New York. Not about how it was. Okay. Not about how our whole. Okay. For how hard. You know, when you have that junk truck operation, it takes a long time to recover from it. Never know, he's still on the man. Oh, that's a beautiful thing. Look at all the cheese. Don't forget the cheese. You know, that's what they always say. Hmm. A beautiful thing. Oh, the entire step. We got food for the, for the, for the God's image quality here, guys, for the entire W.I.D. family. The rest one is plenty of food for the entire Miami. Okay. Great. Outstanding. I'm not going to eat a lot of fatning stuff. I do have just cautioning that up front. Hmm. Excellent. The French onion soup is a beautiful thing. Okay. Let's do a candle. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Because I'm sure here's a guy that doesn't want anything for free, and that's good. That's a real positive change. I don't. Good. I want to tell you a story, though. Yeah. About, uh, it has to do with that David Ross memo. Yes. Uh, some years ago, um, I was in business in Boston. Mm-hmm. How could I tell? And, uh, I dealt with a girl over the phone two or three times a day. And we didn't know each other from Adam. Yeah. And I'd do Adam and I decided to meet her, um, blind at one of your favorite places, uh, Fangual Hall. Uh-huh. Good place. And we hit it off. Good place to be met. Yeah. Good place for me. Uh, we hit it off. We were both living in a home at that time because we're both young. Yeah. So we had to kind of meet, Elyssently at various motels and place around with that. Nothing wrong with that. Uh, things were going hot and heavy. And, uh, the immediately came to a home, like a couple weeks later when, uh, she made a statement, uh, You have a type of guy I like to marry. Yeah. That was yet a bad. And, uh, I had to move on her part. And, uh, would you like to meet my parents? Ah. So I kind of gave it a jazz McKay. I said, see ya. Right. And that was the end of that. But there's nothing wrong with that. But it had its moments. Yeah. And how long did this go on? This went out for several weeks. Beautiful. And, uh, not my current wife. But, you know, it's, uh, No, was he better than your current wife? Uh, she might, no, my wife is, uh, and you see my wife. Yeah. We're on the Vegas trip. Well, I know that. Okay. Well, I'm not talking about what she better looking than your current wife. We should better in the sack than your current wife. Come on. Now that's, I realize it's a personal question, but what's wrong with answering that? Hold my wife now listening today. She's not listening. She's busy with some guy now. Uh, she was kind of different. Yeah. Uh, she liked to hang from the chandeliers. And, like I said, she was a hell of a lot more exciting than your wife. That's why, you know, and your age now forget it. You're not ready for that. But back in those days, it was perfect. You could handle it. Yeah. The only problem was she was like five one and about 90 pounds. Yeah. I'm like six three two oh five. Yeah, but that's easy to grab on to, especially when it's falling from the chandeliers. Beautiful story. I get a question about gambling for you. Yes, sir. Uh, you know that the Florida Supreme Court shot down Governor, uh, Prozac's attempt yesterday. Oh, I did not know that. Do you mean the butterworth thing? Yes, he did. So in other words, it's, it's officially on a ballot though. Um, according to the Florida Supreme Court, yes. Beautiful. We don't have to worry about anymore that crap. Now, I know how you feel about Jeff Bush. Yeah. I got a question for you. Yeah. What is going to happen when Jeff Bush comes out in favor of it? He's not. He is going to say so. I know for a fact that he's, um, uh, He's inviting the guy that's the head of the, uh, Limited casino, uh, to speak at something that he's giving. I don't know what it is. Some fundraiser or something. Mm-hmm. And I think that he is going to come out in favor of it. At least limited, you know, the limited. I think that's going to be a very, very hard to believe. I will. I just, just flies in the face of everything that those Neanderthal right wing Bible thumbers stand for. Kim Bush, hi. The mouth. Well, I just, uh, I can't believe it. In addition to which, that's a sorry state of affairs because, uh, I'm wouldn't vote for him if he was in favor of giving me, like, $2 million in less than giving me the cash up front. Uh, he's, uh, he's a, he's a fascist piece of crap. Well, the sum of my office that works for his campaign and they're going to give me the literature on him when he comes out in favor of it. Uh, no, um, you know, you know, you know, all these side issues that these people are saying that it's bad because of crime and it's bad because of this. Have you considered that maybe some of these guys and tell us, you have some type of financial interest? Could be. In like Disney? Yeah, we're like in there, the, uh, Bahamas and the cruise ships. Yeah, right. I think it's a bunch of people. Like the Miami-Herald, whether gigantic budget that they get from the cruise lines every year. Right. I think it's all smokescreen. I think they, it's, it's the bottom line is dollars. Yeah, you got it. Okay. Okay. Good luck to us. Thanks. See ya. And then talk about being caught between a, uh, that's unbelievable. May have to check into the old bush, but I seriously doubted. 1150 a W.I.O.D. Charles Alphieri knows his, uh, bushes maybe because he has been supply to it for showbiz figures and other hot shots for over 25 years now. And I just for you every day guys, you can do the same. We're talking about here because the Wayne has seen a look like I've told you a million times is out for the 90s. It's out forever. It's just a ridiculous. Okay. Telly's of Alice is pushing up daisies. And he was a good guy, but who wants to look like that? And you can pay a lot more for here. A system you can pay as much as 2800 bucks at the hair club for a douche bag, or you can get the best looking the most natural system available anywhere in the business for just $800 from the Charles Alphieri studios. He knows this stuff, man. Nobody can make you look better and feel young or get laid more often than Charlie Alphieri. And service visits at the Charles Alphiore studios are priced right to. Uh, I'm choke it on this. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Don't get it. I'm not kidding. I. Is that what they call chunky cheese? Huh. At 25 bucks. Not 60 bucks. Like a hair club for boys. Ah. God. I got a chunk in here that you wouldn't believe in cheese too. So let me give the numbers while we come back to work because I'm dying over here. The pay phone challenge news from around the planet and a whole lot more. It's Rick and Sots. We day mornings right here. So anyway, give Charlie Alphieri a call. I got that thing out of my throat and that cheese too. Uh, 43 90 north federal highway between Oakland and commercial in Fort Lodario and the number in Broward is 9281755. Toll free from anywhere 1-800-321-2413-9281755 and Broward 1-800-321-2413. Cheryl Garanties that she'll give you a date if you go to Charlie Alphieri. So let's run with that. They got a full head of hair. That would be unusual for your husbands. Anyway, 1154 WOD. Thanks to our pizons from New York New York. They brought in a feast here starting with the French onion soup and chicken stir fry and Deli sandwiches and bagels the size of the size of New York. I haven't seen anything like that in my life. And you'll find New York in a Kindle Mall North Kindle Drive in Southwest 107. You'll find them on 145-116-C Highway in Miami. And also in Hirt's Lea. Next time you go to Israel. Stop in it, Hirt's Lea. And also in the Luntel and Tel Aviv, of course. How could we forget them? Thank you so much, amigo. Let's do Miami. Hello. Hello. How's Gonyo? Yes. Good morning. When is Diaz, amigo? There's Colvo Vauje. Huh? I said how you doing? Pretty good, New York. Great. The reason I'm calling this guy is called about the Gypsy Kings. I got a cassette you might want to listen to. But first I got to ask you. Do they still equip your Corvettes with a cassette? Do you mean with CDs? No, cassette. Yeah. Okay. Can you still play it, Cassandra? Is it your Corvette? That's why I just said. Okay. If you want to swap them for that CD, you're giving up. Oh, that's a deal. If it's okay with you, Ming. When are you going to bring it? I'll drop it off if you want. And how about the cassette? That too? Yeah. How many good are you today? Uh, Monday. What have you want? Tuesday, Donner Stick. What year? I'll bring it over Monday. Monday. Okay. Hang on a second. All right. Okay. George, talk to that pie's on on two there. Get his name in and he's coming by. Okay. Set up a deal with him. I'm sure you'll find something to your liking in there. It's all very delicious, very Jewish. You don't have to be Jewish to enjoy.