Right everybody's been a vote The best The state Yeah, and that is what we need Yeah, what is that? Proculation and money And gambling, what to do? Yeah, sure, no chance No, no chance Right Come on Because I'm being on it Okay, okay, okay It's been a chance It's been a chance You get out of here I can't stand you You've got a whiny voice You're nauseating, you're disgusting You have nothing to say You talk like some kind of a retard You're the problem If you just move out of the state We'd have a chance Please, you can do it before tomorrow Before it's too late Get on a bus, get on a gay hound Get out of here The latest poll But, and I don't know who made up the story I'm going to talk to Harold Durris And I did a pop at O'Park And find out why he gave me that Bum information And I'm sure it wasn't Harold Probably one of his propaganda doors There who tried to keep the hope alive Give him some false information Two weeks ago I never saw that poll Where allegedly had drawn Even Stephen The newest poll 55% again 39% in favor And 6% on the side of it There's not 1% more They spent all these millions of dollars With all these TV spots With all those radio spots We had with Gilbert, Adam I'll get my guess, got it Let's go for a game We remember those spots And there's not 1% more of the people According to the poll I know polls are a call of crap But let me tell you something baby This ain't got no chance No way Jose Which is a commentary on the fact That we still live in the same state We always did a day late And 50 million years short In the dark ages In the stone age Does this come as a surprise Anybody not to me? Not at all There was someone showed up Saturday at the remote It's funny because her mother Who was the senior citizen She's voting for it She's all for it She's of it she says all her friends Unfortunately are against That all her old cocker friends And then her daughter Who was like I would say I don't know 35, 40 whatever she was Fat But she was screaming And if that were to Was trying to like reason with her Can't we? Can't we talk together As Eli Wallock said And they got father 3 Before they stuff the canolees in his post Somebody should have stuff Something in this bitch's post And she's carrying on I want that river about I want to go on a cruise I don't want it here About the time they're testing They're never going to go Never going to have a state Income taxes again Because the totem she was jumping Up and down like freaking rumble Still can talk about a post She was herniating over it She was messing up She had like six parodepens on And she still was rippling down on the floor She was so psychotically against it Because say it just makes too much sense Because we know gambling is easy So I'll see it the track tonight I guess 12 lines in day 751 100 green line 1049463 1035 Wild DF Bush Hey Come on Okay Mr. Jackson This will only take a moment Just want to get a couple more Mud shots here I'm going to show drop your pants around your knees Here and turn this way That's good I love it I love it Give me a little more That's right Alright, bend over That's right Hey, you got it now Hey Incoming with just a couple of things Shot You got to be a full decision Follow five I think I'm going to cry And then represent clear Let's see Let's see Let's see I better know you want to look at my can You want to take it I'm going to try to find a little Man I can't be sure to get a couple more I'm going to let see Hey I've been casted in the eye See I've been casted in the eye It's in my name's Alphine Hold up I'm with you Tell me around What if you see If the whole thing was from that See Let's see Let's see National Enquirer Hey, hi, hi, hi I used to work for the LA Just for the attorneys often And I got some pictures here in front of me That you might be interested in 1040 At WIOD Thanks by the way A lot of people brought by birthday cards And said it, it was very nice And thanks to people who brought by Like little Chinese season gifts Although quite frankly, most of them Now are in the garbage And a plastic bag out by the street It's amazing How much wreck people send in And bring by and drop off And stuff like that They mean well I guess they just got nobody else who will take it But thanks anyway And also Sherry Valencia Stop by our good old friend It's been using the show to a plug her thing Although she did want to buy some spots on the station But Jeff Thark or Rick Alpo are both So, well, you don't want to spend 50,000 a week We don't want little players like you We want the big guys But anyway, she's got that beautiful mailbox company That's an end of the story in David And she said just from the one mention On either day we spoke on the year She had 12 people come in And buy mailboxes So I said I'm not going to mention you again Sherry because you're a wonderful person And you worked in radio and we're smart enough to get out of it 42 hundred South University drive in Daily day make they install They sell beautiful mailboxes That's I guess why it's called a beautiful mailbox company So nice going Sherry You got yourself a nice plug And I'll just keep making up some free spots for you Because they don't want to take your money All the day lines are open Now this is a very strange Monday Isn't it for this town Sherry? 751 WIOD We need a lot more calls like that Torpie sounded a guy who called before Why nothing to say And speaking of having nothing to say Thanks for calling There she is Talk about how to talk alone Yeah, I was worried Try to be willing to rest early I figured you're a cross for stairs You're a friend I think you are I never should have come in here anyway But I felt a desperate need to come in and promote our thing On Saturday And it paid off I'll probably do you have that I had that crowd if I didn't come in here at least for three hours I just do it Your color is better It's coming along But it's slow It takes the 4-git-all-less crap out of my system Yeah I'll ever long it takes to get this garbage out of your system And then I'll be better I know if you came down for the weekend And run home sick for the phone Yeah I will You're telling me the call You're right when I was a discovery Sorry to say Yeah They should only drop desert Really? Really? I agree The ship The ship Oh, ship I know all the wages running As a client who fights a stairs to get up Oh And a full dress from the hunger Yeah, I told you Yeah The biggest scam, the biggest grip off I guess if you're somebody It's got no taste at all in no brains The cruise ship thing is for you But if you've got any taste If you know the difference between real food and direct between having a real good time And just stay in con And being separated from a few bucks Then that's the deal I will never go again Not me, no way, who's right If I could tell you how many cruises I've been offered over the years By these sponsors that want to use them manipulate me And try to do a brainwashing job So I can come on here and lie to the public There ain't no chance baby, no way Because I'm including that biggest cruise That thing that they keep peddling the train You know again, it's for peripheral people who have never been to Vegas You don't know what a real good place is And what a fun town it It's for idiots Like some of the people that's attracted I don't want to mention anybody by name again Well anyway, I only lost 25 dollars Well that's not bad Like that is in 390 You would have been fine if you would have had a good time in the food But now it seems like 45 bucks Never again, never again, yeah I spoke to a lot of people And you know, they're not from the post Yeah, for the thing I know, let's not waste their time Let's not be just not going to happen here This isn't the place for it This is a place for early bird specials You're right You're right You're right Okay Happy Hanukkah Yeah It's coming any minute It's coming Happy Thanksgiving Yeah Go stuff a turkey So, yeah Thank you You too I've got five Two open lines in day 75 One Wild1 in Broward Five two four Nine four six three And that's a lot of water It's a lot of water for the prostate And we'll really help the problem Absolutely correct sir Didn't need it Didn't charge me a dime Didn't give me any shots Didn't send any pills over here He just called me some good advice I'm a drinking water up the ant Well up the a nose And I'm drinking some right now Is a matter of fact And he's absolutely correct In fact, this is Naya Now where the hell is this? This is mineral water imported from Kau Canadian A Canadian natural spring water N.A. Y.A. Those Canadians they put an A after everything Maybe it's really from New York and they just look like a couple of A's in there But anyway, it's not too bad I mean, you know, if you're a kind of swearing They different waters really do have different tastes But I'm trying to bought like three bottles of different stuff And I'm telling you that's what just keep drinking it And drinking it and you'll be peeing your brains on Haven't a good time Here's North Miami on the purple line Hello Yeah, God Yes sir How are you doing? I'm doing fine I'm just going to get a month today Yes And I was like sleeping in quarters of the way And so was the team by the way And then I was going to be crowned It was great And I think everyone is like we've pulled it out of there Oh, it's a damn good thing we did to Because it would have been really embarrassing We outplayed them so dramatically And I came O.J. McDuffy was unconscious And before we got hurt Probably was having a great game And spikes in Saxon both came in And did very, very well at the end And the Danny even with that intercepts And he just the didn't lose his composure This week and kept his cool And never had it out and we stuck it right to him I'm always good now crying I want feeding Mr. 32 younger Yeah, but he did that on purpose He wanted he knew it was coming right down the end He wanted to have a chance to be the big hero He's got a big ego and he wanted to have a chance to pull it out Yeah, he said you're not going to do any more In that institutive promoting other ways Yeah, I read our qualific weekend Yeah, I saw like a huge surplus for Randy milk He didn't get like one twice as big We're not getting anything And I'm sure that mine isn't twice as big as Randy He's not from what I hear I think you got a backwards You got to have it in New Orleans because he's from us today Anyone? New Orleans because he's our thanks to your smashing diet Or with a little Leah because he loves the well you're the day Oh, a little Leah is yeah those were the best Uh-huh When you hear that sound hitting when you hear the stuff hitting the bag You'll know that I got a boat Have a great day, pal Love you, New York See ya Two open lines a day 751 Wiod, one in Broward 524 The purple line is open It's selling a one pound I OD Another really hyperactive Monday here On your dead death station Death Mel station A boy they sure friendly at those appearances man On Saturday they sure all man they're just Kissing and grabbing and squeezing and loving And just emoting all over the table And then of course there was Cindy my good born again Christian friend trying to spread her propaganda So help me honey You are what's wrong with this world People like you If you want to believe your bubble mice If you want to go look for the virgin Mary on a slice of salami If you want to go look at our burrito supreme with beans Whatever you like go ahead and have a good time But stay out of my face Stop trying to twist other people's arms And bring us into the dark ages with you Okay with all your superstition Focus, focus and caca All your caca Caca Exactly 1047 a WIOD Snapple is the best man Make no mistake about it And somebody in fact included a can It was our friend from the video place Good guy brought some good deponos Mitch Mitch I see I wasn't going to give him a plug Now you want to start probably save video waves Dude Okay Just cause he provides you with a lot of pornographic You have a crap me, a thing Well you can have both of the ones he brought me The Peter North one and the other one You can even have that picture of your blonde Jeremy, well yes it's got women in it of course What do you think of it? Some kind of a fag thing Might be Anyway, what I started to say is They put some of their brand of iced tea In the box there a little can of it And you can go by the way and the note Oh it's better than Snapple You know I'll make you or do it real well Until you got to that I've tasted the other crap and believe me Crap is the operative word It they couldn't lick Snapple's ass Okay if they try Snapple makes real brutal ice tea Screw drinks natural soda snapple Super jocks Sultces and they're all out of this world They're all natural there's no artificial anything No preservatives, no additives No artificial coloring And they're made from the best stuff On earth soon it's good for you And great tasting at the same time Everybody not just that one company But everybody in the world is trying to duplicate This can't do what they make come close But they can't give it that great refreshing Snapple taste Pick up Snapple everywhere Like original cattle man's endorsed markets And offered all in pantry pride and woolly fine foods And Freddy's in Albert's in 7-11 And I refuse to say pizza law But the Snapple have it Do you want to use written food? Yeah It will end The air was As you see cake There's more on the ground And everywhere I go They're working in my office It's like a toupee show There in the checkout line And in my favorite ball Oh yes they are They're making noise at movie They're going to be with their car People are stupid It's so odd we They're got a song I don't know what we Yes I like to tell them To talk in this Very good running The car will be Yeah The world is full of fun There everywhere I go They're working in my office They're working in my office They're working in my office I wish they'd all just go Go, go, go Why don't they all just go I can't forget it My back here is so long My head here is so long So long 10.53 WD It's interesting the demographic To turn out of the people we had on Saturday It's a passion We had a lot of young people A lot of old people We had a younger people Like little kids Middle age people They had some black people show up They're like 10.11 One Julio One or two Julios I've noticed that when we do appearances At least me I can't speak for anybody The Julios don't show up They do not show up They do not show up They do not show up Oh get out of here Are you crazy? We got Julios up The ass in plantation Man you're dreaming You're wrong You'll be really wrong man What the how much time do you spend in plantation? None You go in the shopping malls Man they're like a bad looking S.F.F. A bad looking guy We're like 6-6 I just got off a boat somewhere They got to get a show It was you know We get a few You're not used to be We'll see Whenever we do that A week from tomorrow How come it's the 15-16 I thought it was going to be on a Wednesday But I think it's on a 50 I don't know Do we have any of that information? We don't know what's going on our promotions department again. Here's Papro B, Chalo. Hey, we're pulled it out, yes. They pulled it out right at the end man when it counts the most. Yeah. You can mess around all day, but if you pull it out at the end when it counts, that's the jackpot. Yeah, I know you don't need to be pulled this, but uh, that crowded door obviously stadiums sometimes. This is not the brightest crowd you know what I mean like uh, I'm one of those last drives when we need to stay in the bureau quiet and they're just yelling and cheering with Reno come to the line. Yeah, and he's like practically flappin' his heart like a duck like please shut up already so we can hear the god damn signals in. And another thing, yes, they know were you there? Yeah, I was there. I am gonna tell you, I've been to a lot of dolphin games now over the last five years, okay? I mean a lot of game most of right and I have never seen such a SMARMY crowd at anywhere for a ball game. I don't know. I mean, you know, there were some of the regulars the season ticket holders, but generally speaking, I'm looking around and I'm thinking, what happened is this the grunny crowd? I mean, who are these people? Seriously, this was the ugliest the most grotesque cooking group of people. I've ever seen a devolgian anywhere in my life. Bring me back those hockey crowds, man, when there's like some living and breathing people around. Yeah, must have been so used. They've watched a strong crowd. He read that. Yeah, but yeah, but not like this. This yesterday was like in a league by its own. Yeah, yep. But I heard the after you know locker show with man, it's talking to KDs that uh, you know, what about that field? Go, you best in KD just goes, I just ganked it. I heard him say that. Yeah, I was playing. I mean, it's just they're getting very emotional about that. Yeah, but that's the only thing I've just got going to the game, but I need to get one of those radio. It's like listening to him. You know, while the game's going on. Yeah. He is got. He is. He's the only thing we got going on those games. Yeah, that's true. Because that other guy, I don't even want to mention his name on here, but he's a soft and more kid best. He should be like high school football on KPX. I don't think Piper High would let him even do their games. I'm kind of getting depressed, so I think that fires might be out year. You know, something have no fear. I told you 14 and two you didn't want to believe me. I'm telling you 14. Oh, yeah, I still think we could do it. I mean, I can feel it. I think that spikes is going to get his moment in the sunshine now. I mean, as much as we can get him as fires, spikes is going to be uh, dynamic. And I think uh, sex and really uh, he had never really, I never thought that much of sex, but he came in here yesterday. A couple of crucial plays and played well. Well, what man is the fan is he's the better blocker than fires, but as far as receiving, you know, he can catch the ball. He just doesn't do much with that. Yeah. He got a catch. Well, one fan is good to ball. He knows what to do. Yeah. Well, there's there's not much uh, only a few, you know, Buffalo of course. Oh, and oh, yeah, how could I have forgotten? Yeah, a lot. Oh, my god. I get home in time to see the very end of the first half as the jets take it in there. I'm fourth down for the touchdown and I get to watch the entire second half. I forgot folks. Yeah, yes. If you see that head on BB. Yeah. Oh, he did he end. In fact, he wasn't even on a ground yet and Trumpy was already saying uh, he's out. He's out. He hadn't even hit the ground yet. That made up for the end. You can hear Trumpy and and we're both in tears because they're out of the official voices of the bills, you know, this is the shield for the bill crown. Well, I got to say, we got Chicago and Pittsburgh coming up about those. He's a great. He's the walk in the park. You bet. Hi, buddy. Okay. They're hanging there. Two upper lines in dates. You what I mean about our Julios man, they're just uh, they won't touch it, man. They would they though they hang around at the, they put around, but they won't touch it. Probably the 15 Tuesday the 15th. We're doing that thing at the pizza law for one hours. Oh, we don't know that. He won't. Oh, yeah. I know. I know these people here. Man, this place is a, it's a joke. It really is 751 Wild and one in Broward 5249463. Here's the Pompato Beach. I just did Pompato Beach. We are in Lala and here's Fort Lada Dale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? I just wanted to be coalition out there. Our life, breeding people in Broward County. Yeah. Yeah. That's Crockett craft. It is. All right. I'll explain. If you know it's a Crockett craft, you look just look around. You next time you get in your car and your van and your truck on your uh, a tricycle, whatever it is, just look around and you tell me if you find any living and breeding people. I live based. I live based. I live near Dickney, commercial. Oh, well, that's that's a different story. That's so bad is out there near the Slop and University, truck. Yeah. So I'm surprised. I'm surprised not getting more calls, but with the game yesterday, which I was unable to hear, but uh, hearing about it now. So I'm just amazed. I'm just uh, shake to my boots here. And you're pretty hot. You're pretty optimistic that they're going to go for it. I believe it. All right. Well, I guess he yesterday, if you're going to have a, if you're going to wind up with the ear like that, yesterday is the kind of game where you get lucky. We, you know, we just couldn't stick it in there. But we squeezed it out there in the end. All the pressure was on when that interception got one back. It looked really grim. And that's when Marino yanked up his belt all the way to his armpits and said, we're going to do it. What these guys like it or not. And they went out there and they did it. And O. J. McDuffee all I can say is, God. Great. Yeah. If we have to hear any more whining from Ingraham or uh, prior anybody else, just go out there, you're getting paid big money. Go out there when a coach tells you to go out there, do the job and just dummy up. Is what I say? Well, that's, well, say so. If you're right, working to do next thing tomorrow is an election. I read it. I read the aprius today. And so I think it was Fred Graham or someone in the hero went to the mall and asked people about the election. Yeah. And he, he, he, he threw blanks there. It's like, what a election. Exactly. Well, I should that should tell you what this sounds all about. And of course, when you wind the hero that fits in like a glove, George. George, the radio station weighing loves the eight. Six ten WIO's. My M.E. Fort Hardale. How do you? Hey, you missed it before. O. J. Simpson out for the kneespray. The rest of his game. Just lick up. You thought radio six ten WIO D presents the Neal Rotterie show to talk with the O call seven five one WIO D for date five two four WIO D from Rower. How's that real five area code? It's toll free one eight hundred nine four four WIO D. Those out mobility customers can call star IOD of charge and cellular one customers can call pound IOD at no charge. The opinions expressed by the host guest controllers are not necessarily those who station or sponsors. Now Neal Rogers on New York Radio. Sixteen WIO D. Buffalo. Right. Oh. Dad's sponsoring our back and Kentucky fraud chicken. Hey, I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. We were really upset to lose the Colonel but not haves upset as we were about losing our market share. So we brought him back. He made it second why. So you think that's a three big day long. Hey, now I'm a Colonel. You'll still be buying the same small pieces of chicken with 10,000 bread drops. But you'll feel good about it. So you'll think that kindly old Colonel made it. We want to make the world. We're doing it. We're doing it. We're doing it. People are dumb enough to think that they're stupid enough to buy our chicken. Cutting fucking fraud chicken. We have to bring back our Colonel because we couldn't kill their clown. 11 or six of WIO D. It really is annoying when some people out of one I mentioned Jeff Cohen by name but when it come like to a thing like that first it was annoying that he showed up that was bad enough and comes empty handed no card no gift which is okay. I can handle it. In fact, I would have been a good trade offer in the stay in Dave County. But the bottom line is that he keeps inviting me to dinner. In fact, Tom Demico from Captain Gory who was there and they put poor Tom and charged with that WIO. I apologize Tom. But he was there. He offered it. He was taking people over to Brasry Max and I said, no thank you. And Ben Ponyja, oh come on we're going to take you to dinner. No. Yeah, but we'll take you to what no. So anyway, we did go my friend John and I went out and ate on Saturday night and it was El Melino. The El Melino over there on University in Plantation is a one to see if it's just as good as the other one. It is outstanding. And I don't care what anybody tries to tell me. When they a couple of years ago when a salespeople trying to give me to do that. In fact, I remember was Denon Berg and he's been gone here at least two or three years, right? So it's got to be a wild back. That place was a joke. I mean, I had spaghetti in there that would make a chef boy R. D. Just cringe. It was just a joke. And the whole everything in there has been changed. The menu, the chef, the hired hands, the health, whatever. Which by the way, they got some pretty interesting health in there and also some who flowed a lot. But that was just outstanding. I had the rigatoni with the Italian sausage and the broccoli and great bowl of pasta for Joel just outstanding. I couldn't even finish it. I hadn't taken some of it home. It was delicious. I just thought I would mention that. And of course I knew I would go out and have a good meal. So why the hell would I want to go out with Ponytail and me? Here's a knowing his taste. Here's Ponytail. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. Regarding yesterday's professional boxing and I just had two words to say. Boxer, juggernaut. Why? That fight the former was wrong with that was yesterday? Yep. No, was not yesterday. No. No. Telling your correct. Yeah. I'm putting his hands on that. What's the matter about that? You know, he's a dottering old man. It was obvious. I saw them show the low light there when a guy he didn't come within three feet in that guy and he just took a fall. It was a joke. It's like ruler Durby. I think it harder left. Yeah. I mean, that's ridiculous. Yeah. Okay. Go talk double talk someplace else. We have an open line on the green line. 1,800. We have two and a row and a five to four. One on the end day, 7, 5, 1. Very weak Monday as usual. Like the guy said, he can't believe that I can. I got we do go through it every day. So, do Diona. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. Oh, sorry, Neil. Sorry. Sorry about why. Did you just pick me up? Just pick you up now. Oh, because I was on the line. I was clicked over and heard nothing. Yeah. Anyway, yesterday I was first time I went to a game this year. Yes. And I liked it. The crowd was into that game. They were. There was a good crowd. It was a lot more people. You know what the final number was? 67,000. 67 after they were expecting only 62 and of course, when game time came, I looked around and looked like about 52. It was really weak. But it's that later arriving, Miami crowd. They could start the game at any given time. And they still have like a fetish of showing up late. But once we got about five minutes in the game, I looked around. I felt like I spilled a new filter. And we were into it most of the time. And they really at the end when spastic and it was great. Yeah. I just want to go so spastic when they start showing us throwing those super little footballs in the stands. When we sat down our seats were in like 455. I'm the level of those people. Those were good seats. Yeah. I didn't have a problem with them. They were not there. I think something. Yeah. They're good. They're good. Benaculars in the good telescope. No, they weren't that bad. They didn't need the miraculous. Unless they were on the other side of the field front. Right. And I was in the end on where PD missed the field goal. Yeah. Well, as soon as they kick it, and even though we sit on the sideline, I'm a 50, as soon as they kick that I knew he acted. Yeah. Even he admitted he acted. That was terrible. But it made it more exciting that way. You know, as long as we won, that's what made it exciting. You watch that game last time with the Raiders in the tree. I wouldn't watch that crap I saw about three minutes of it. And I shot it right over the cheese look like the dolphins of about six years ago. Yeah. Where they could be fantastic one week. This look like a car. The chef, he's not me. What team and the league doesn't play like that. How about the bills? Those that bills mopped the field off against Kansas City last week. And the week before the prophetic course. And we saw how they stood against it. But it's not like the cheese part. If Joe and my parents doesn't have a great game, they don't watch us. We need to be a favorite of the time of break. Yeah. And if they're going to promise us not a great game for the bills, they think they'd join out. Like they did yesterday. Thank God. I'm Tony Man, we're sitting pretty right now. We've got two full games on them. In fact, technically, even though they're both five and four, the jets have beaten them twice or the jets or a head of them. Right. But they catch us. They're ahead of us, too. No chance. The jets are a joke. It's serious. I'm not talking about the jets. They'll with the jets. I mean, the bills? Yeah. I'm not going to catch us. If I must be keeping their ass, they couldn't catch a cold unless I said it in my doctor, which I think I might do. I'll be sending Jim Kelly to chuck out the air. Right. There. I'm going to touch him with the 10 foot wig. Ever great life, Foundo. Two upper lines in days, 75, one two upper lines in Broward, five, two, it's begging Monday. Maybe get on your hind leg. Get like a dog. Get on your back legs and just put your paws up there and big. Just big for a little bit of interaction, a little bit of attention. All are all like, uh, they're all hyped up with the election tomorrow, man. They're all real and fused about that. And if that Michael Finkelson bothers me again, ever in my life. So, helping this kid just comes there. He's got him and his buddy. His buddy by the way is the one who went to Dolphin Game Marseiro weeks ago. Oh, my friends, the greatest happy camera by my he. I'm telling you, he had his head so far off, Richie's hands. The pet thing a few weeks ago that I thought I saw his head coming to touch in his tonsils from the inside. I mean, this guy, he's and they shop with 80 million of these green buttons and bumper stickers. I got news for him and people are starving. They thought like 10 million dollars, they might as well flush the down the toilet. They still got the same 39% that they had like three months ago. So you guys are really doing a hell of a job. We have 12 after 11 in WIOD. You've noticed that the frozen food section that your favorite store is getting kind of crowded. It could be because it's full of all the different varieties of budget gourmet special selections. The more you look and the more you taste, the more you're going to want budget gourmet special selections. Budget gourmet special selections are delicious individual on trays. They come in regular and light and healthy. Try the light and healthy on trays like Penny Pasta with cookie tomato sauce. Are the regular 20 in cream sauce with broccoli and chicken? For everybody's new favorite to tell in staff vegetables with chicken. The portions are full-size and they're not loaded down with all that fat. Instead, they're loaded with great taste. Budget gourmet regular and light and healthy on trays absolutely delicious and the prices great too. Look for budget gourmet and your grocery's freezer. Budget gourmet special selections both light and healthy and light and healthy, comma and regular. They be the best. 16 WIOD. It's simple. You listen for the rest of the day for the puppy gets it. How do you guys ever see me tell us beautiful? Greater. Everybody's stacked in there. This is the game for the doglets. The snap is down. The field goal is up. It's gone. Yeah. Six. The honor of it. It's a 40-yard field goal in over time. This one hasn't it? With 9.14 remaining in the overtime period and the dolphins when it's 20 to 17. What is that? That's not from yesterday's game. No Steve. You are just standing. Oh, here it is right here. He says. Rick Riley tells me he left the cart and here. And so he's looking around up here behind where all this crap is that you need me and room anymore and he hands me this and I'm assuming this is from yesterday's game. It's a story-o game-winning field goal. That's not from yesterday's game. That was an overtime game. That is pathetic. That is weak man. That really blows. I'm taking that thing out of here and just he even at some more get it out of here. Craft. Oh man, this place is just good. And where is Nickel Penny and Diamond? He showed up here today or what? I saw him at the remote for about three seconds on Saturday and then he left real quick and then we started having a real good turnout. That's one thing's improved dramatically. Okay, let's go to my apologies by the way, but we just didn't got any clue what's going on. It's only your dolphin station. Here's a pop at a lot of purple line. Hello. Morning, Neil. Yes, sir. He made it happy first day. Thank you so much. How are you, Nate? Uh-huh. I couldn't make it, sir. Yeah. I can work. Great wind to the dolphin. Yes. Great wind for the jet. No, even even greater right. Well for us. Great loss for the bills. Yeah, that was one of the most of the bills. He lost for the bills. He was a great loss for the human race. Yeah, there were three great shots in that game. The one I'm telling, the one I promised the one I'm DB. Yeah, I was very disappointed. Kelly got up after the shot that he took. He was laying there. He was in La La Land. Yeah. And I was hoping at the very least like maybe a punctured lung, something minor like that. You know. Yeah, permanent Thomas took a good shot, but he was already got up to thank you guys. Yeah. So then they hit baby twice as far. Yeah. Question. Do you feel that with the defense that plan has that they can make it visible? Yeah. Okay. I think if they play, you know, if they play the defense on which they were talking about. Well, I've never seen any. I like my- Oh, I'm speaking that speaking at defense. I don't know if you heard any of the pregame yesterday. Oh my god, Kim Boe, campers got hairy, calisaw, well that's strange. Boy, he's talking like he's somebody's sticking to an animal too, but there's that. And he's having this in-in conversation. And basically, he's asking Boe camper all the questions because calisaw is going to do the game on radio on mutual. And he wouldn't know the dolphins if they stuck Dan Marino's finger up his butt. And he's- then he says, well, Jim, or Kim, whatever your name is, one of the unsung heroes you might agree with me on your team is quarterback JB Brown. And oh my god, I'm on. I'm driving it all as traffic trying to get into the stadium. And I just about uptuck right there in a car. I was screaming in the elegant boat camper being the real shield that he is. Oh yes, no question. He's one of the great cornerbacks in the league. Where this guy is. Oh my god, is he subjabby Brown? He is brutal. Brutal. So I just thought, you know, I was talking to somebody today and I said, you know, that in the past 10 years, I think every team that's one is super bowl has had a real dominating. Yeah, but let me tell you something, the league has never been as diluted as it is right now. When it landed, when it landed, can knock off San Diego. I know Humphrey's was injured, but even so when it can knock off the chargers who are now turned as cold as stone. Oh, charge his own sword, but 9 points. Right. Right. Bad day. Exactly. Well, Neil. Nice to see that Scott Mitchell, by the way, all the way, all the way, not got his broken, the hang nail, whatever he's got. Nice to see he's really earning at 11 million for the strike. Yeah. He's really doing the same thing with Chicago. Right. But they've seen this point in sports center. You don't need to spend much money to get a good foot for the back. Right. Enjoy the rest of your Monday. Okay, you too. Thank. Two open lines. One in date 751, one on the purple pound line at pound IOD. Yeah, all you Buffalo fans, baby, we are enjoying it. We are reveling in it. We are thriving on it. We're having sexual excitement from it. Not just so much that we won yesterday, which we needed badly, but to see you guys lose, I mean, to really just take it up the nose. And here's Kelly on that last desperation gas because the clock is running out. And he goes back to Pasine rules out desperately trying to avoid getting sick. And it just heaves it into the ground. It was pathetic. He couldn't play for Cornell this Jim Kelly. That's how bad he was yesterday. He couldn't play for Northwestern. He couldn't play for he couldn't fly Northwestern. Here's Boca on a starline. Hello. All right. Exactly. That's it. That's the call. That's the call on the starline. Great job, pal. A starline's open. It's star IOD. Let's do a tamarack. Hello. Nail. Yes. Nail. What's all this public fashion? Nail. What does that mean? All these people, fashion published because they handed out. There was put me all these people. I mentioned, I mentioned the article that nobody else has even talked about it. So again, what are you talking about? All these people. Sir, over the last couple days. Why are you a bad boy? No, there's been somebody calling you about public all the time. No, they're having a bad phone calls about it. In addition to which I don't want my super market. Give me a propaganda about politics. Okay. And either there's anybody else. Is that even a good, there don't give any good publicity about public? What does that mean? What does that mean? You know how much public donated to Hurricane Andrew victim? Yes. I don't know what you do there. What do you know? What it is that you're employed or who's paying you off? That's not the issue right now. The issue is no matter what, how many good things they do. It all gets obscured by the fact that when they try to get up and pedal their religion and their politics, it's inappropriate for retail. That's not public peddling. That's people that paid and bought the literature and brought it and said, hey, and they agreed to hand it. They agreed to hand it out in addition to which they propagated that they put on their flyers that they put in every newspaper in the state last week urging their patrons to vote against casino gambling. Who are you going to blame that on? Do the devil make them do that? Hey, people get paid to do things. Well, what does that mean? People get paid to do things. That was the corporate position, sir, and you know what as well as I do. That's public's corporate headquarters trying to manipulate the way people are going to vote tomorrow. That's what you want. That's what you want. That's what you want. That's what you want. That's what you want. That's what you want. That's what you want. That's what you want. That's what you want. Yeah, I get out of here. You got your downs right now, baby. Two downs. What a jackass. Everything's got its ups and downs. When you got a bunch of right-wing douchebags who are trying to pedal their propaganda and it's like the same with that Cindy. I see no difference coming with her Bible and all her crap and her 20 page handwritten letter about the Lord this Lord. They more power to a media is religious. They can spend 20 hours a day in Shol and jail and shirts. Where would he really want to go? But don't try to brainwash their customers. Don't try to pedal. There are plenty of Jews that shop in there. There are a few of us atheists. There's a couple of faggots. Whoever the hell wants to go in and shop in a supermarkets should be left alone and don't try to do the same thing with those goddamn girl scouts. Kick their ass out of there too by the way. When I go into a supermarkets, I don't want to ever get you into the world. The cornering me is on my way in and out to do or trying to pedal me some crap. Yeah, what I don't if I want crap, there's plenty of it inside. I can buy it. Okay, I can buy my own crap. And this puts who refused by the way, you know, just to tell us what he does. There's probably a goddamn bag boy. I'll wait in some good enough to be a bag boy. It's 1123 at WIOD. We're guests. The next time. This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station of the YOD. Hello. Take it central. Hello, can I have a ticket please? To for what? Uh, let me just now submit tickets if he's giving. What are they for? Okay. Yeah, I guess I can't get him because I don't know what they're for. Well, I mean, if you wanted him to be here, you said, because I was a raise you're so sorry. I mean, if you wanted a free ticket to you, you don't know what they're for. Why do I just go there free? You want him just because they're free? You don't have to know what they're for. Yeah. Yeah. The horse races. Yeah. Impa, the evasives in pop, they're for raises in pop, but at the Irish fest, they're having horse races at municipal stadium. But you can't be with him. I want him because I have to spend the hours time. I want to give it to him. For what? For the horse races? I don't know. Why did you call? You heard that magic word didn't you? Wait, right? Isn't that what you did? You heard Neil say, wait. Hello? Hello? Yes. You want him? Yes, I'm a factor. I'm a factor. Hold on. Okay, 1128 at WIV. She is the epitome of this entire town. I'm looking here. I said it's free. Can't count the table over here. I don't know who these people are, but let's go grab a piece. Oh, here they're spinning the wheel. Let's go over here and spin it a few times and get a couple of schmothers a couple of shots. Here we go. It's beautiful, baby. That's what we got. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir? Oh, you're a nice officer. Okay, sir. On the hop on all these various guy in my area. I even, I think that's nice. I'm not too late. I want to wish you a muscle-dove and then... Yeah. The best happy pace that I can reach you. Oh, thanks. You are. Okay. That's it. That's the call. Open line in day 751, one on the green line. Like in Palm Beach County, we're all the year-long hard-hiding today. 1-800-944-9463. I got news for it. With that election coming up tomorrow, if I were one of my beehive and two, I'll send it out right now. I'd be hanging my head down real deep like between my knees. Here's a copper ridge. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Happy birthday. Thank you. Yeah, first time call. Okay. You're talking about the right wing, pneumatic? Yeah. Mits there? I thought it was great movies. It was rubber-dove all the data noise. All the M-A's still. Oh, yeah. I heard somebody talking about that the other day. Great movies. Got it, too. Okay. What's it about? It's kind of a... Guess what happens? All people, it's thick and little futuristic the right wing Christians take over and what do you mean future risk? Like as in tomorrow, you mean? Yeah, like maybe a careful future. Like one day ahead, yeah. Yeah. By the way, I want to ask you a question. I don't want to put you on a spot. But when Reagan, I don't want to sound insensitive. But Reagan's doctor started examining him in days and months and weeks to come. How are they going to know when the Alzheimer's kicks in? I think it kicked in like 1980s. Yeah, I don't kick in a long ago. If you read Patty Davis's book, I mean, he, he's been in La La Land for years. So I think this is just a cover up. Don't they have like the way you're going to abortion or if you just do it, do you? Do you? Yeah, I think so. Then I think he's still tackled. It's too late for him though, I think at this point. Yeah. I think he kind of deserved it. Okay. Have a great day. Like I said, read Patty Davis's book. It's just a killer. Like when she would come to the house with a dog. Oh, you have a new dog, then see a pad, whatever, or name it. Hey, you know, call everybody Nancy. That was the one name he could remember. Two upper lines a day, 751 and a green line in Palm Beach, 1-800-944. Here's North Miami. Hello. Well, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, happy birthday. And happy to be late in Kauaiya. Okay. Let's cut the birthday crap that a birthday is over with. I mean, I thought I don't appreciate it, but let's, you know, that's in the past. Hey, I just tell you what he is far enough in the past. Let's talk about there in the world. I am getting up there desperately. How important is this true? I, someone who was mentioned that on satellite dishes that high thing is prohibiting the dolphin games on satellite dishes and taking away, you know, no, it is not. How can he do that? That's what I said. You know, someone mentioned that and I could, well, what would mean in reference to what? I mean, the game would have been black though yesterday because it wasn't a cellar. It's just in the future that high things will be taken away by everybody. That's a crocker crap. Wayne High Zinger doesn't control what the NFL not yet. Maybe next year. Yeah, because he says everybody has to go to the games to watch it. Otherwise, get it back. Right. Unbelieve. Anyway, I'll focus the, you know, and they care. Okay, good luck. But you'll need it. Okay, that was a good call. Two open lines in day, 751 and one on a white line there. The star line, whatever that white line is, bell soft mobility. It's real white. It's kind of like OJ's jury. It's real white. I'm sorry. Yeah, what a joke. That is, huh? Oh, he never going to, he never going to get a fair trial at OJ. He never going to fair trial. Right. He's got like 85 black guys. He's got 75 black women. He's got one, uh, token Latin on there and then he's got one token white guy who's been spent all the trial token. He's going to be puffing on it. I don't even have a little place. I know. And so is your trial, baby. What a joke. What a travesty man. And then he's got the one brought on here. And she says, oh, he's, he's, he's the greatest. I just, the big admirer, OJ. He did. I'm the big fan. Yeah. That prosecution man. They really got it. They got a good grip on it. Here's the mobile in Palm Beach. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you doing? Okay. I love that. There was beautiful math. That was the highlight of my whole weekend. Watching the bills get the crap kicked out of by the jet. That second half was a glorious thing. I was even rooting for the boomer, which should maybe a little sick of my stomach, but still I had to do it. I had to call you, though. I just think it's perfect. I've been in and out of the truck all day. I don't know if anybody comment about it. Chris Baker's, they get it. I'm not sure. I'm not good. Yeah. I'm, you know, I'll quote him what he says. Yeah. Had a problem with the black guy, the night before and his new car. And I'm not good. You know, what do you mean he had a problem with the black guy and his new car? How was he in the car? He woke up in this little dirt bag. Oh, tell me was there any came out to his car and what was he doing in dirt bag hotel? Well, that's where he lives like is. Yeah. That's what he said. Sure, what's the trailer for? He got a new car and he comes out to find his black guy in an old shop, paddle-ac, which is door resting against the passenger side of his brand new car. He's all cracked up and everything. Yeah. And he gets into an argument with the guy and he gets nowhere. He gets his car and runs off. He comes to the radio station and this is what he calls that individual. And I'm quoting exactly and other people back to the up on this. And this, for how many people do you think was the wish of? Well, I heard it in a lot of people call right after that. But I'll just say that. Okay. He called him a plate lip, nap he had it, bug a boot. Nice. Okay. Nice. What's our heck is this guy doing on your radio? Hey, don't ask me. You're asking to wrong guy. I'll call up Steve, Nickel, and find out. I find out. Anyone think of the answer? But I should find out between him and that Steve Patterson. I heard some of his