Had there exclusive rights to the signage of Jorabi Stadium? That was a deal you made with the dolphins, not with the, uh, and then of course as it turned out, it didn't make any difference because he bought the dolphins anyway. But magic can't fake out there in center field and that picnic area at the Marlin Games, they lift their thing up and they lift it up and finally the Cox attorney said, hey, baby, Cox a hoist and a signs came down. They just magically disappeared. How's any fox doing by the way? See, I'd have to call a single page on there, or you don't. Sunny must be in heaven now, huh? Now that Howard's going to be on because that's not his audience. Wouldn't you rather have Howard on? And see, I still say that that's been about 30 to 54. That's another lie that David Ross and of course, he swallowed a hook line in Stinker that Deborah Wilker, who knows nothing about radio. See, that's the thing about this market. It's such a nickel and die market. You turn on TV and they got a sports guy doing the news. It's full time on Channel 4. They got a sports guy who vansulates and vansulates between doing the sports and the news on Channel 6 of Camerole Martian. And they got like the music a writer, the music editor in the Sun Sentinel, every now and then she writes the radio column, even though she doesn't know an radio. And they got the religion writer and one paper is writing a radio column on the other one. And what is it all about, man? Talk about unprofessional talk about bush league. Too much bush baby. So when you go on vote for Governor, just remember too much bush. A little bush may be good, but too much bush be bad. Just keep that in mind, okay? So 1137, I W I would be speaking of that if you don't have enough bush on your head. Charles Alphay Erase has been supplying hero placement systems for leading show business figures for over 25 years now. That's right. He's been doing it for years for the big shots that people with a money honey. And he knows his hair. You can pay more for her system if you want to be a sucker. You can go to the Her Club for Boys Men Girls, whatever they call it, pay as much as 2800 big ones or you can get the best in the most natural system in the biz for just 800 bucks from Charles Alphay Erase. And Charlie knows the secret of a natural looking system is regular servicing what every guy in the world aspires to is being serviced on a regular basis. Is Miriam coming by the way speaking of air? Outstanding. That's why service visits are Charles Alphay Erase are priced at just 25 bucks. Not 60 bucks like they soak you at the Her Club. And while your weight Charles will add here to your present system at only 25 bucks an hour, he'll restore its natural color for just 10 bucks even revived the wave and curled to make it look natural again. No matter where you bought that piece, you know, the bald spot look for the 90s is out. Trust me even when would agree if he could just rub it off the cash together. He'd be right over to Charles Alphay Erase in a Herby. Herby at 4390 North Federal Highway right between Oakland and Commercial in Fort Lauderdale. Call for an appointment today or their free brochure or just a bunch of Wains Old Here in the Mail. Call 9281755. That's 9281755 or toll free if you're out of Broward. It's 1-800-3-2-1-2413. 1-800-3-21-2413. Here for the 90s from Charles Alphay Erase. This is South Florida's news talking entertainment station. Larry King's fucked at night and he's gonna suck in the air, the moon, too. Get a life. Oh! That is great radio. I don't know why. I just like to wear garters every once in a while. Vic has a secret. He's not telling anybody. When I get home from work, I need to express my feminine side. Is there something wrong with that? The 90s have spawned a new kind of man. One who's strong yet sensitive. A little like Fabio. A little like Alan Alder. A little like Sharon Stone. I've been a bad boy. I need to be spanked. And that's why. There's a new innovative peril store for men. It's Vic's secret. Perfect for the man in your life who occasionally feels the need to dress like a woman. It's hard to find a boosty in a 46-long. Vic's secret. He made dress like a construction worker. But underneath that denim shirt and jeans, he could be wearing a tear-be. Come on guys, it's been a collatta time. Oh, no! And our Vic's secret catalog, Vic's excellent coffee table reading for the woman in your life. Hey, look at the unit on that guy, will ya? Vic's secret. Remember ladies that diet, drinking construction workers could be wearing panties with a help of Vic's secret. Speaking of that, 1143 at WIT. Thanks to Dan for sending me all these stock naked pictures of the young guys from the young and the horny witch by the way. Today, and tomorrow week, really week, save your eyesight, save the effort. Nothing going. And tomorrow is a repeat from what I saw on Friday because the US Open was on. And of all the people that have to win the goddamn US Open is if anybody really cares with all the football and important stuff that was going on yesterday that obnoxious that disgusting Andre, Augusti, wasn't bathed in at least 10 years with his black socks, schmutzie and grotesque. And you notice who his new alleged girlfriend is now? Now what is that say about you? When your girlfriend is broke shields. Is that like a coming out party when you would outstitch your girlfriend is broke shields? It's like saying, get what? Surprise! Talk about a Faghag. W-Y-O-D is Starline. Hello? Yes sir. I'm holding for Neil. Speaking. Hey, how you doing buddy? We're doing screenless man. Oh, I forgot about that. Don't figure it out. Don't figure it out. You're doing the deliver pizza to the lady, but like you're not in your seat. Oh, geez. What if you want to be in a cage? That's a good point. Huh? I think they do. I think they pass it to Irving Freyer. He catches the pepperoni on the 40s down to the 30 and he passes it up to a bill is in far in the book. Back him off said that. Listen, did you watch any of the J.J. did I watch any of you mean last night? Why did I do not? Well, what I say you mentioned Blethos that up in cover, but brown, I'll tell you he's not doing a bad job. Let me tell you something. Okay, I saw Dave Brown. I saw a little bit of him last week. He may be eventually. He may be good. Okay. No, let go. Huh? He's no, let go. This group. I'm serious man. I haven't been impressed by a young quarterback in league this much and he don't even look good. I'm serious. This kid is so outstanding. He's got such toys. He stands right in there in a pocket. He doesn't take some vicious hits. He just, it's right up either and he has got the greatest arm and it's just incredible. They backed him up one time. They were starting on about there four yard line, I think. And just drove him down to field man. Like nice to butter. It was incredible. Did you see the stat yesterday last year all the two and oh teams and like 90% didn't even make the play on? Yeah, don't forget didn't Dallas lose three other first four times like that last year and then they never lost a game the rest of the season. They're in clothing. And by the way and by the way, they weren't too impressive yesterday. They're just barely barely squeaking by Houston. And Houston had that new quarterback Richardson and it wasn't that doing that bad either. Yeah, that kid looked pretty good too man. He can run. He can do it. He can he's another one. And a 49er spell too. Yeah, that was the tough game. That's a good game. That's a good game yesterday. It's about time. And then clothing. And how about those buck and ears baby in front of 30. He's figured that in the club. The club scored 42. I mean, I mean, in front of 40,000 empty seats in Tampa Bay. Can you believe that? I did. The stadium holds 75,000 people. It was less than half full. And let me do it. And in clothing. Yeah. Her from Jim and his library. Buddy Ryan. You're cured. You checked ass. All right. See ya. Well, you're sure a busy beaver today. Don't take that personally. But boy, she's a Lisa's in and out all over the place in here. What do you got now? Do you like it like that? Do you like it like that? You like the end any out? Well, okay. Keep that in mind guys. Lisa says, okay. Well, cool it. What you just got your salmon. Don't say it. Well, you said to me, because you know, you're safe. W-I-O-D. I need a idea. Great. Did you happen to catch turning point last week? Turning point. Yeah. Do you want to know a show that's, you know, it's one of those like now. Or, um, yeah. One of those 20, 20 types show. Yeah. They headed on the scene. One with Bob one. Yeah. Bob, no, I don't watch Bob. No, I can't handle it. I can't. If I watch her in Joe name it the same week, I start talking like that. He duck. Or they headed on female circumcision. Yeah. Yeah. And the, now, once and I, the first one to be on top of this month, we talked in a show about female circumcision. It was horrific. It is horrific. They showed this girl. She's talking about a slice of life. Oh, but they showed this girl and she's about seven or eight and she's walking around the house before this is going to happen and she's got this look on her face like, oh, maybe this is like a birthday party. Yeah. And right. And then the next minute she's breading golden carnivore dad. This guy takes this guy. It was like a bomb. Austin just starts clamped something down and slices away. Oh, and you hear a scream from her that yeah. Oh, he was, he went to the other side. No. And they wrapped up with some sort of like sheet material like the ribs and sheets up. Yeah. And then they just, and she's person though, and she's going, I can't believe you did this to me. And it was, it just, the scream she made when it did it, it's like both my testicles got sucked up inside of me. I just kind of went, that's horrific. Yeah. But you know, it's, then they're talking to his sister and they seem like all this is tradition. And it's like a hell of a tradition. See, that's the problem with this world. The people who should be circumcised are not. And the ones who should be left alone are getting sliced. That's the problem. Why do you do it when you're like eight years old? I can't imagine them. Yeah. But I listen, if you heard all these young guys, I'm talking guys in their 20s, these Cuban guys in this town who got circumcised when they were like teenagers or even in their 20s. How'd you like to walk around for a couple of months after that deal? I can imagine you couldn't look at anybody or anything or anyone. Wow. What I forget about looking at how much is walking, how much is waking up in the middle of the night and fighting out that nature was trying to take its course and something was trying to like pop out. That whole show is kept with me and I just kind of go out. How can people, you know, it's, it's barbaric. Yeah. But you know, well, that should give you that should be a good lesson in life to you, sir. It's barbaric. Part of family planning. Part of the world in which we live. Have a great day. You too. See. Oh, by the way, the Vatican loses out at the world population council in Cairo speaking of Egypt. The Vatican, they hopped and they screamed and they yelled and they lifted their dress and they squatted and it didn't do any good. And they finally said, oh, go ahead. We don't care. Screw you guys. We're doing each other anyway. So the Pope loses up because the rest of the at least allegedly attempting to be just a little bit rational and civilized world said, uh, by the big of the human screw you. Go make your own babies. You and the cardinals. Anyway, it's 1149 at WIO. The Kendall Toyota is the nation's largest Toyota dealer. Shop the others then, of course you'll call Kendall Toyota and my good close personal Fred Mark Jacobson. And I can't believe he showed that thing again last night. Whether you're looking for a pick-up through cell, Corolla, Camry, look no further. Kendall Toyota lets price sell their cars with the lowest published rates. It's Guadanteed Man. No other Toyota dealer in date, Broward or Palm Beach can match Kendall Toyota's prices. No matter what their headlines say, no matter what the sale is, no matter what they call it, no matter what the finance rate is, Kendall Toyota will blow the other dealers away. Kendall Toyota on US one just out the day land called 1873 Toyota, 1-800-873 T-O-Y-O for Kendall Toyota. The payphone challenge news from around the planet and a whole lot more. It's Riggins' Suds, we day mornings right here. I went to work and knocked on doors and got a job with a small radio station in Miami Beach Florida. I did everything. I was an idea, I did the board, I did job, I did sports, I did news, I did everything cleaned up, cleaned up, I did everything. 1153, WID, screenless Monday and look at that thing. See, it's the top of the yard. It's all like a little strategy game here now. That's what they show us turned into. It's the audience playing their little game and we're playing our little game and everybody's playing with something little. W-I-O-D. Yeah, this is tomato, man from Cleveland, what a jazz MacKaye, sorry port. Yes, who's this George? No, this is Neil. Tomato man. Tomato man. Did you just call me on a Friday with a very unique call? Yeah. It's been a fact about an 83-01 man. When we forget about the facts, let's get out of the jazz mice to see on the year. Let's talk about something the audience cares about. Well, this is what happened. He comes on Saturday with a preview. Yeah. He comes on and he steals your, he steals first of all, he steals the Joe patchy tape. Yeah. He steals the old thing. He's still, they have ACN. I don't think he's still a Joe Peshire. If he can play that, yeah. Okay. He steals a lot of your merch. There's comes on and says, you people are going to think I got Tourette's, and he starts, they just get crazy on the phone. Yeah. And he's just crazy. And the first call we had a woman says, you're disgusting. You should have went down with that US bear flight. Yeah. And next floor calls for all the day to tip. Uh-huh. Is that a surprise? No. No. Wait till a bike is find a man. Wait till a catch on. And he's going to be dangerous. And then this morning on, in the morning, how's that morning show would Chuck Meyer do it? Meyer in the morning. He waits. Yeah. So WFRA. My name's Ted Web. Yeah. And he had him saying, so like, tell me, how do we get rid of a mini test of Ernie? And he says, well, we're trucking down here. And we cannot believe you. People thought that was that the game deal. And I could not believe it. It's just unbelievable. Yeah. But how about those dolphins? How about those dolphins, man? We're 2 and 0. We don't give a crap about the Browns or if any testy birdie or any of those other guys. We don't care about Steve Wash. We didn't care about Craig Erickson. We don't care about any of those other U.M. rejects even birding coasts are who's sitting warming our bench. And I think the paper we had a running game. So that was great. I'll be home next week. Yeah. Wait till you see this Irvings fikes man. This kid is dynamite. So I send you a fact and what it's better than we was from 83. Oh, I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. Have a great day. We'll see you next week. Okay. This guy sent me this boring facts about somebody who drove into somebody else's house or into some a douchebag place. That happens to you every day. It's not exciting. Okay. God. God now does that tell you about talk about getting a life. This guy's up in Cleveland. He calls us on Friday. He's sending facts is here. He's calling me again today. But it is good that we are getting spyre ports there about my run the morning and the jazz master and boy Gary. So they're saying asshole on here and Cleveland. That's really great. That'll do it. Yeah. That'll put them over the top. Maybe sunny fox will move there. W-I-O-D. Go on. Purple line really desperate today man. We had Woody was on there once and now we get a hang up on the purple line. It's a middle of our in almost two hours. That really says something about cellular one and the people who subscribed to it. W-I-O-D. Yes sir. That's great. Listen I was wondering where was the Louis Oliver ended up. Louis Oliver is with the uh... with the uh... with the uh... Cincinnati Bengals. Cincinnati Bengals. Yeah. So he's stayed in the Schuill of Family Young. He's in the Schuill of Family. That's right. Bow and two? Right. Well that's that's could be the worst team in football. They're pathetic. All right. I think so. I think so. You can guess. I'm yesterday. I was watching about two minutes of that that's all I could take. And got a on sportsman like uh... conduct finally I think Louis did. Oh really? Yeah. Yeah. They're all in two even Tampa one yesterday. That's right. Well, bike is ruining. We got my hand at Oliver. Maybe we don't need no Louis Oliver. Yeah. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. We don't like the way he conducted himself in the showers. Anyway, that's what man is said. Keep your hands to yourself Louis. Keep your pants on Jimmy. I'll we can't find that either. By the way, I could tell like I who asked about that why we can't play it. But he probably already knows. W-I-O-D. Oh yes. Call her for Tennessee. Speaking. Yeah. I want to talk to Neil. Speaking. Neil. Yeah. This is Mitch for Forte and Lucy. I think I'm calling. How are you doing, Mitch? Great. Okay. I just want to talk to you about Susan Powder. Are you a messenger? Yeah. Did you see that thing yet? Well, did you see that she's going to have her own show? Oh my god. Can you believe that? Can you believe that? Can you have her own show? Yeah. What's she got to do on it? I don't know. It's just going down here. Sometimes in September. And I know I think I drew bloodstone and this guy's unreal. He is. I mean, if you remember two weeks ago when you were playing the dolphins, I wanted like it was only moments ago. I mean, I was sitting down low in the end zone and this guy's passes were right on. I mean, he fires bullets man. He fight against fire. Oh, and then you know what really took me off yesterday? You didn't see the game. Did you buy a chance Buffalo in the England? I caught a little bit of it. Yeah. There was one. There was one play. There were down 35, 28. They're driving down field. He threw a ball that was deflected. And of course Buffalo with a luck with a horseshoe up there. I stayed a couple of those that were deflected. They intercepted them. I know. And the ball hits the receiver right on the numbers right in the hands. He doesn't catch it. I mean, it's between two defenders, but he nails it right in there. And it's tipped up in the air and tipped again. And finally Buffalo guy intercepted. And here's blood. So it goes back to the bench and that's fat bill, parcells, who must again, 100 pounds. He must like that food in the England, by the way in Boston. He says to me, you can read his lips. He said, don't throw that ball. You don't throw that ball. And I'm thinking of myself. He hit him right on the numbers. He hit him at a bad spot. He hit him in the hands. That ball should have been caught. And he's chewing his ass out instead of the receiver. I don't think he threw one bad path to get. He was a dynamite man. He scared the crap out of me in that game last week. And like I said, if they had, if they had even a semblance of a defense, I warned you about these Patriots. If they had any semblance of a defense, they'd be 2 and 0 instead of 0 and 2. They've scored 70 points in two weeks and they're 0 and 2. Yeah, they give a defense. They're going to be scaring. Yeah, you watch out for them next year, man. They're their dynamite. All right, Neil, how do you go when you're hanging? Okay, right. See you. And Queen. And that Marion Buttsman, look up for any guy who's got the ball to be named Marion. Remember Marion, Mopley with the Browns about 100 years ago, great fullback. Oh my God, one of the greatest of all time. Big, strong, burly, tough. And this Marion Butts, he was kicking some more button there yesterday again for the Patriots. They're tough. Just be happy. They're rolling too. Wild. Now, like to begin, I'm speaking. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Great. Okay, um, I want to let him tell you one thing. I don't know if you quoted on the, um, Dallas Houston game yesterday. Yeah, I saw it. Um, okay. I don't know what I think was when, Emmett Smith got hurt. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's the ground. Uh, Bop Trump, the, goes to Dickembert because, uh, Dickembert is something and Bop Trump because, oh, Dick. Oh, Dick. Really? Really? He must have been talking to himself as if ever there was one. That's him. That Bop Trumpy man. Those two guys, if ever there's a reason for Miami fans to be full of hate, it's Bob Trumpy and Dick and Bergman because they hate the dolphins like poison. They never give us a fair shake and if there's anybody who was aptly named, it's Enberg, comma Dick. So as Bob Trumpy would say, Oh, you, Dick. South Florida's news talk and entertainment station news talk radio, 16 WIOD Miami Fort Lauderdale. Just who was that mystery pilot? Good afternoon at noon. I'm Jackie Baill, 610 WIOD news brought to you by PCA Cuala Care. Some rain in the forecast that's coming up. Also, a Skywatch 610 traffic update. The secret service said that knows the identity of the pilot who crashed a small single-engine airplane on the south lawn of the White House early this morning. The WIOD's Jamie Dupres says the secret service is remaining tight. Lipped on this one, saying only that the pilot was a white male from Maryland. sources say the pilot had a history of mental problems. No one's quite sure if the crash though was a direct assassination attempt on the president. The small system hit the White House just below the president's living quarters a few yards from the Rose Garden. The Clinton's though were not there. White House renovations have been staying across the street at the Blair House. Jim Smith is out of the race for governor now. He and the Republican frontrunner, Jeff Bush will hold a news conference or rather held a news conference together this past hour. An outing that Smith will now throw his support to Bush. Bush will now face incumbent Democrat child in the race for governor. The most recent Mason Dixon poll shows their neck and neck. A set of the hearing is underway for X-floor at a national guard's men's Steve Coleman, who admitted to brutally murdering three young people on the south campus of FIU in 1992. WIOD's Jennifer Ram is in court where family and friends of the victims are testified. First to take a stand-law or bomber friend of victim Ronnie Kweiver, bomber district, coming at an animal and unthinkable demon. As a teenager, the boy is headed to put the admitted killer away for their rest of his life. Don't really know the law that will. Call AF is for the individual. It can never be a lot to walk on the streets in street culture again. It's a given comment will stand at least 25 years in prison. Adish you will he search three consecutive life terms for the brutal murder. Dury selection underway in Orlando for the trial of a man charged with killing three Ohio women. Oba Chandler is accused of killing Joan Rogers and her two teenage daughters in June of 1989. Their bodies were found in Tampa Bay. Hundreds of people are milling around the U.S. government offices in Havana, hoping for word on how to seek a visa under the new U.S. Cuban immigration deal. But Cuba's interior ministry says the details are still being worked out. On Friday, the U.S. agreed to accept at least 20,000 Cubans a year. While Metro's community relations boards says they can't handle the current onslaught of refugees alone. WIOD's duty at Chavez says the board's asking the feds to help. State County's community relations boards strongly believe South Florida shouldn't bear the burden of hosting thousands of immigrants. However, see, since we lost, that's the only bad thing that's happened since we lost as you went is we don't get the good spy reports on what's going on in the books in these different markets. It would be very interesting to see how how it is doing on TKS in Orlando. Although that is in those picking market. But how he's doing against Ron and Ron over there. Because here once he goes on here, Ron and Ron in this market are going to be like talking to themselves. WIOD. Pretty good. Better than your phone, your phone blows, man. My phone. Oh, it's horrible. It's puking and cramping and scratching. It's the connection. Really? It's because of you I bought a brand new phone. You know, if I could talk to you, crystal there. You know, crystal clear. It's clearing up a little bit. Really? Not too good though. Well, I was trying to get some tickets together. Vegas, the yellowish Miguel. See, I want to see where all the hype's all about. Why do you want to go all the way out there, although you will have a much better time out there. He'll be here October 6th, 7th, and 8th. Why not? Why not? Why is that the good time somewhere? That's right. So what else do you want to go out with your life? WIOD. It's more good to the dove and keep your boot or be full. WIOD. Yeah, like the pick with nail plate. Was that Kimbo Camper Jr? We got all these juniors out there. Speaking, sir. So he can. Yes. Hey, how you doing? Great. I just heard that I just heard something that you just said that they're going to be down here under radio. Right. Is that for real? Yes. What's that? What's coming? I'm out. What's what's the patient? Big 106. You used to be Waxi 105.9. Starting September 21st. And what are they going to do for the music? I mean, that power started that old playlist? What do you mean by that? Are they going to change their format? Oh, they're going to play that 70s music from like whenever he goes off, 1030 or 11 in the morning, whenever he decides to throw in the towel every day. The rest of the, they'll be playing 70s music. Wow. Which doesn't make any sense. He's not going to be competing with you, is he? Well, for like about a half an hour. Okay. Yeah. I mean, you're great. I love certainly. He's living the L.A. And he's great. And I mean, you're great. You're a lived on here. You're one of the, well, that'll be a perfect segue. People are listening to Howard in a morning can turn over, listen to me in the middle of the day. In the people who stick with Rick and Sudge, which will be the majority. They'll also turn over. Right. I'll be giving up on my hair. Okay. See you. All right. That boy Howard going to double my shirt and of course, what's he? Well, that big press conference. We're already like bracing ourselves for that. Everybody's a pervert. Everybody does this and the Ron and Ron did that and come in and just, you know, it's the same old stick, baby. It's a same old tired crap. Just do the show and let's see what you got left. Since the surge, since they cut those off, let's see what's left there. Because boy, what I see on that satellite thing, when they're showing him and Robin is sitting there up again with her back to the wall. And he's sitting there and boy, Gary is sitting over there and all like looking around. Okay. Well, what can we say? Can we say crap? Can we say, can we say this? What thing we can't say is, oh, don't do you can't say that? So we'll see. You know, I wish him all a luck in the world, but not at the expense of us. Right, Rick. 136 to WIOD. There's nobody to get sports scores and information before it happens, but it seems that way with the wireless sports channel, baby, introducing and exciting new sports information service from Motorola with wireless sports channel. You get instant scores and information virtually as it happens. The scores are broadcast, direct to a paid your style receiver that you carry on your belt and updates happen every five minutes, whether you go anywhere in 230 areas throughout the US and Canada, all major sports scores and information are right there at the touch of your finger. Just press a button on your wireless sports channel receiver and the information is right there. The wireless sports channel network pocket receiver perfect for any sports fan. And for those of you with PCs wireless sports channel provides sports updates with even more information for the computer too. Services started just $9.99 a month. So check it out. Get the wireless sports channel today. Especially if you have a book, I mean, call 1-800-97242-661. I mean, especially if you like those Saturday morning and Sunday morning shows, or they'll give you all the odds in the points. But just for fun, of course, 1-800-972-4261. And Murray was just here. Our good friend Murray who's still our buddy from Wayne Arnold's Murray being one of the few people in that place who isn't tilting and leaning far right as on Wayne's shoulder. And look what he brings me. It's made by Magi, Magi, Magi, Magi, the Asup people and it's from the islands Monits from Jamaica and it's called Coxoop. Look at that. It's a spicy Jamaican chicken type soup. It's got chicken fat and chicken meat and onion and carrots and MSG. Oh, I see that MSG lots of it. And it's called Coxoop. Big In Jamaica, right? Okay. Thank you, Murray. Oh, that Wayne. What are we going to do with the span? And he tells me that Wayne is getting in tighter and tighter and tighter with the bush monster. So while you people are eating at Wayne Arnold's, I just want to say this to you. I'd be real careful. I'd start tasting everything real closely because they might be, you know, how they like, you know, spice stuff up to proper and dyes to brainwash people. I think they may be doing it through the food now. If you walk out of there and start leaning toward the right and almost falling down hitting the sidewalk, that should be the first tip off. Wiod. Do it. Neil. Neil. Yeah. My God, you found it just like George. Okay. I'm taking a personal one. Hi, this is George. Yeah, George. Just check for the force. You know, I'll tell you the difference. Yeah, yeah. I heard that call 43 years old. I take my hat off to that guy. Anyway, how about the thoughts? Yeah. I'm believable. Well, let's see what happens when we play a real team like this Sunday. Who? The jets. Who? Who? Who? That. The guys in green? Yeah. Guys would have not felt well if you fucking know where. Up there is. That's right. Okay. Well, let's try to do it. We never we got to spike man now. If the spike man was awesome yesterday that was, that was just reckless. I couldn't believe it. I mean, actually watching a dolphin running back, just smoking through that line and running with reckless abandoned like a wild man. What is the last time we saw that happen? Delvin William. Yeah, that's right. That's right. Right. That guy was busted through those holes like, wasn't he? My we were the same. Like, according to like a watermelon send right. And it was making holes into those cracks or whatever. He was turning those holes into cracks. That's right. There you go. All right, Neil. Okay. We're going to kick the right. Let's kick some ass some bloody ass this Sunday, baby. I'm finally fight your meal. Okay. What do you say? Deosmills. Wiod. Wiod. Wiod. Nailed. Yes. Speaking. How you doing? Okay. I got a problem. I think you're advice for the ticket thing. I got a big report for you. Yeah. I'm driving, biscayne, Griffin Boulevard. Okay. Wait a minute. Biscayne and Griffin Boulevard and like the North East six. We're in part. What is Griffin Boulevard? It's over here in North Miami. It's okay. Okay. Okay. We're underping. We're being tripping. Yeah. We're being with the G. Okay. Now I got it. Head and North. Yeah. Come in the other way. Excuse me. I keep driving. Yeah. Stop at the red light. Go through the red light. Look back. Two cars back. There's the cop at the light thought. Yeah. The car behind me pulls over. He comes around that car. Yeah. To me. It pulls me over. Okay. I get out of the car. I'll say, what do you pull me over for? All right. You were speeding. I said, I think I'm being single doubt. No. You're not being single doubt. I said, well, how'd you rate on me? I mean, I made a U-turner followed you. That said, we're not being single doubt. He goes, no, look. Here's another ticket. I just wrote for a guide born in 1941. I'm a young guy. I told him, just because I'm a young guy, college. That's right. That's why you got to ticket me over. Two young. He doesn't like you. He goes in to ticket from another guy. He just wrote 10 minutes ago. I said, what's that supposed to tell me? That's your an apple and you've had a lot of tickets? Oh, nice. That's a nice move. He goes, go see your car. Let me finish right now. Yeah. The list and I need to know what's the name of that traffic thing. Ticket defense team. Ticket defense. They will take care of you man. The number is I'm is what's the number? George 741. It's, uh, is that an 800 number? George. Ticket defense team. What is it? 800? 741. Yeah. T E A M. 8255. Is that what it comes out to? Okay. And another one. Is that right? One more thing. What? 1 800 741 team. T E A M. T M. I got it. Okay. Another thing. Saturday. I want to go to the Panther ticket. Yeah. Nobody there. Me. That was it. Me. I'm the only one. I was sitting out of front of coconut with my lawn chair. Jersey on my fanthers. Jersey. Yeah. The only person there. Get in line. Walk in there. Two 11. I get roll S. It's all the tickets they had to best they could do. S. It's like nosebleed. They're like 20 pounds. What could I keep like incredible? What is Wayne thinking? Uh, he's not in closing. Yes. What about that? Oh, learn. Okay. And 13th is in rule. Okay. There's a guy like I said just tear up the ticket. Okay. Here's a guy who knows which side it's putter down man. Circumcision rules tear up the ticket. Let's stop hassling the public. He's showing him a whole list of tickets that he wrote. Good. Let's give that officer a metal. Okay. For really doing his duty to save the public from ourselves. Maniac. Uh, and the other thing I didn't want to bring this up because I went crazy about it on Friday and I know a lot of people especially in Broward, Palm Beach. They don't live in this part of town even in day. They can go. You think it's bad and can go. At least you can get from one street to another. It may take you forever, but you can get there. Here we got this short-cressed part of town. I'm coming to work this morning. We have a new deal. First of all, on the weekend, I-95. You get to the Golden Glades and the interchange there. I-95 South they've got blocked off. Not for any particular reason. There's no construction going on. There's nothing going on. They just have a blocked off so everybody has to curve around go on 7th to have it. It's all screwed up. Nothing going on. Just another way to inconvenient stay in natives. But this thing in short-cressed here this morning I'm coming to work. I figure okay. I'll make a left on 81st. It's a major big wide one-way street that goes cuts right through. Comes up wrong. That's blocked off. Like everything a block east of this can. Just about every goddamn street is blocked off. There is no way to get here from there unless you go through the drive through it when these get a couple of singles with cheese. Then you make a little turn. You go through the drive through a taco bill. Get a couple of burritos of creams with no beans. And then like then you run on 7th. That's the only way to do it. What is going on here? And I'm the only one that's like noticed this. Everybody by the way. And if you come down 10th Avenue and I was George was saying all the traffic now has been diverted. So there's 75,000 cars at any given moment. Trying to come down this little narrow 2 lane street which is the only way to get here now. So when I shot on the 21st of September when I started showing up here 1045 11 o'clock you'll understand I've been caught in traffic. That's a good excuse. By the way how's the Chris Baker show coming along? That'll be here at 205. It's 150 Wiot. If he wants for the same God bless America and pasties in the G-string up here I'll do it. Well, all right, sports fans. You did it all. No, another night I keep a telly and food machine. Yo yo yo man, Cheira. It's for you. It's me. Home boy ID. Yo man, pass out to the skidios and get down with some home boy ID. Skiddy. Hold you know what I'm saying? Yeah, you gotta can open her hair. Yo man and home boy ID got all kinds of stuff and it's all made homie style. Oh boy, it's home boy. ID and it no one service needed. You can feed the whole tour of all new game size cans. What's he? That's large. Come on man. He went to plan and get the food in the kid that tastes like the food in the can. Home boy ID. Drive by and pick them off. Yeah. 154 Wiot. Let's do a date county. Wiot. 610 Wiot. When is an R daddy? Not bad. Huh? Wayne ain't R daddy. Wiot. A&E. Wiot. D. N. E. L. Yeah. You wear a spot on shoes. Yes I do. I'm not surprised. You're a fag. Oh that's I wear slip on shoes. So anybody out there that's slipping on must be slipping in. Wiot D. Is that a rustle wastes? I was rustle wastes doing the hoochie koochi. Wiot D. Wiot D. Wiot D. Hello. Wait a minute. I'm here. Yeah. And I'm here. And I'm black and blue. Oh wait. Look who it is for crying out loud. It's the old cock emodelating. Wow. The cock emodel. Happy New Year. Happy New Year to you. Yeah and whatever else. Yeah. I want to know that you have a nice vacation. Yes I did. My in-night vacation. I've been back for like it seems months old. Yeah. Well I was away you know too. You were in New York. Yeah. And how was it was it's still there? Beautiful weather. Oh it's beautiful. Yeah. Yeah. After you wait through all that garbage it's beautiful. Yes. How was it? Beautiful. Great. And it was beautiful and wrong too. It was beautiful. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry it didn't go to Vegas. No I did not. Who said I was going to pay? I'm going to Vegas this weekend. This weekend. Who said I was going to Vegas? I thought jazz McCay came on here that Ojo and Provacitorum and he said I was going to Vegas. And he said what you were talking about. Are you going to be on the air slur's day? You mean on your own kipper? On your own kipper. On the holiest of all Jewish holy days on the day of Atonement. Your own kipper will I be on the air? Is that is that the question? That's the question. The answer is yes yes. Yes of course. I don't participate in all those ancient Chinese secrets. I see and so then when are you going here next vacation? Are you writing a book? I don't have any idea when I go to my next vacation. I don't know when and I don't know where. Why are you so concerned about my vacations? You have a concern about you. That's what about me what? Uh-huh. Oh my god. It's got a little. There you go. We'll also have a great day. Thanks for calling. And back to you. And have a great day on Thursday. This is my birthday. When? Sorry say. Well Thursday is your birthday. Will I be sure to do something special for you? Yeah. Okay and don't eat too much on your kipper. I fast every year. Don't eat too much. Yeah. Okay. Okay. See ya. Bye bye. Bye bye, Dorton. Uh, Wio D. Hello. Wio D. Wio D. Neil. Yes. Yeah. That's your boy. Uh, the week. See. Yeah. I saw this. So I made video. Yeah. Big deal. What's the big deal with this guy? Big deal. Why? Big deal. He's nothing much. What do you mean? Nothing much. Not much. What other words? Big gap in his teeth. Like I don't get it. He's afraid of the dentist. He doesn't want to get drill. That's why he's holding on his soap real time. He's got to look on his purse. That he's got a great one. He's a great entertainer. He's a great singer just because you don't just because you don't want to sleep with him. I mean, does that mean that I'm supposed to talk about him? He's a, he's a nebos. He's a nebos. He's a hottest thing in the world right now. And you're giving me a song. Maybe you'd like Huluio the greasiest is more of a time. You're just about to write it. You're just jealous man. You would, you would crawl on your hands in these and he's 400 pounds of dog droppings just to get close enough to him to say loan me $50. I don't think so. You might. I saw the video. Yeah. I was impressed. Get about that video with those two bull dikes in there and all that stuff. What is that? Hey, look good. There, well, there you go. So if you want to get to him, you got to get in the middle man. There you go. You better get your position. Wait. Huh? Push him out of the way. That'll be easy. See ya. These guys pick it on Luis Miguel. Don't start picking on my buddy Luis. Okay. Pick this. Wiod. Wiod. That's Mr. Burke. Do you? Do you? I was pretty good. That was pretty damn good. You know it. In fact, just for old times sake. Sally, paley. That's Mr. Burke, do you? Johnny? Not bad.