Now, the Neal Ratter Show on Utah Radio's 6th year, W-I-O-D. Hey Neal, fuck you! It's bedtime. You can't get asleep because of that annoying late night hack. Then take our Simeo Halls call drugs. Get them in pretty cool and also hip-flavoured. Our Simeo Halls call drugs. Tryngl-shaped. Just like our Simeo's head. So, when you're kept awake by that bothersome room, get busy, get really. Get our Simeo Halls call drugs. Take only in small doses as much as you can stand. Oh, what a bad break, man. He only melted for how long for 6th freaking years. My god. Kiss the ground, baby. Our Simeo, he'd be going off, man, because nobody was watching that damn thing. That was one of the most incredible. You got a hand to two of them. Very carefully, by the way. I'd hand, I wouldn't hand anything to him because man, he seems like he's just always ready. On the edge of that sofa, ready to hop on anything that's moving in some of their like still stationary. Our Simeo, be going, may 27th, that'll be the end, that'll be the final. Woo-hoo-hoo! Huh? I'm not gonna see if you say anything about that chair right away, they make something racial out of it, so the less said the better. I don't see that it has anything to do with that, but there are certain people who want to make that into a big rate. The fact is that if the guy was purple, he still sucks. Him and his whole audience, man, put him on a bus and send him to Pioria somewhere and get him out of our push, which they'll be doing. We'll have to show it to you January 3rd, 89. So like, it's been on for like ever. Six-year contract was due to the expiring December, and there had been no negotiators on renewing the deal, according to Paramati Adi Adi. So we'll see our Sineo and good-ridden, stevad rubbish, man. One of the worst shows, one of the most embarrassing pieces of crap, one of the, all these people that claimed that they watched that show, all these fake hipsters, posers. Anyway, by the way, the guy that called, where was he called from the last couple of times about the Packers and the odds and vagus from the X-Calaibre sports book? Well, in case he's listening from whatever bizarre place it was he was called from, the odds are amazingly enough. 12-1. 12-1? Yeah, Packers are only 12-1 to win a Super Bowl. Let's take something a little more daring. You know, like the bucks, bucks are 150-1. The bangles are 150-1. The dolphins are only 5-1. So when we go out to Vegas and June, take like two, three grand and plunk it down on there. What is it? Yankee town. Well, that's right. The guy was from Yankee town. Hi, I'm doing an Yankee town, Yankee. So that's the name of that tune. And what are we going to do about Dick? Dick had a bad stroke, and what can I say? Maybe that, you know, you want to get religion when you read about that. Is that insensitive to say something like that? Does that make you a relentless pass to say, well, old Joe Kennedy had a bad stroke? Huh? What do you say about that? Oh, exactly. And our Dick Nixon's got a stroke. So anyway, that's basically what's going on. We got our big trip coming up to a Vegas. We got the show bill for May and June for Vegas. I guess the less said about that to be there. Well, who wants to see how much his stupid shows anyway, right? Huh? I mean, I could read some of the names that are going to be out there at that time, but it's not a pre-mote time for top name entertainment. It's all I can tell you. Let's just go out there and check out the scum in the sleeves as they see in a heroine in the sunset. Let's do a mobile in the Gables before we really do anything else. Hello. Good morning, Neil. How are you this morning? From Mendus. I have to disagree with you with one point your leader. About our senior hall. Yeah. I mean, all these old folk use for Miami Beach watch, J. Leno and David Letterman. I don't want to watch any of them. But our senior hall is at Good Gifts. And he's at musical groups under which other come our senior O sucks. No, we don't. Our senior blows. No, he doesn't. Yeah. It's a great craft. Airbeen, I'd sit in on the edge of that sofa, practically. Falling off on the edge. Super Hornet, super, a phony hip, super on craft. The guy's got no talent whatsoever. He can't interview. He can't sing. He can't dance. He can't do anything. Except that hornet anybody could do that. I'm hoping the whole can sing in dance and some late night. Who brings on good orders? I'll give you an example. A lot of the music is a thing in dance. Who's on late night? Yeah. Who? The who? Newman. Do have a good day. They suck. See ya. All of people on our senior audience, the host, the guests, they all suck. He had slick, really on there. What does that tell ya? Hey, I like my president, man, but he's just a douchebag. That's all I can say. He's better than what preceded him the previous 12 years, but boy, he's a better pill to swallow. I'll tell you that. That's what Hillary said. It's awful hard to swallow. So anyway, our senior is going away the wind. And here's road off the bed. If you liked our senior, it's interesting. Up until today. Up until it was announced that he's getting canceled. He's not going to be back on. I couldn't find anybody ever ever. Boy, I'd been into watching that show. Not one. There wasn't one person out there who had the balls to say, I, I watch our senior actually like to show. And now all of a sudden he's going off in this guy, at least they've given credit had the big ones to call and say, yeah, he was okay. He sucked. Look at those datan-brower lines. Is that exciting or what? Is that like an invitation to death to suicide? Anybody watch the movie last night on Fox on a channel seven here locally? The, no, the men and the story. Uh, so it's that he watched the tiny little teeny witty bit of it. And that was it. I saw about 30 seconds of it at the track. It can be between watching the Rangers kick the ass out of the islanders again. Or we can't say, yes anymore. Oh, is that all about Randy had a great promo that I put together with that old bag and kiss my ass. And they yanked it out of here. What did we just had? That was a great promo. It was funnier in the crap. Oh, we can't say crap either. Can't say funny. What the hell can we say? See ya. That's about it. Oh, it today is Luis Miguel's birthday. God, I almost forgot about that. You guys almost lucked out. Well, I don't want to get lasted to roll up set over there in Tampa. But screw his ass anyway. We were just play a Luis Miguel record at the end of each hour today just to celebrate. Okay. And if anybody don't like it, that's what I say. Okay. Because I'm here doing my show. And if you don't like it, you know, go kiss our senior right with a mundo shine. What I thought that is. I think that the main appeal of from our city was that he was so bizarre. You know, he had that he looked like he just landed from a spaceship from a Mars or your Venus. He had that like triangular shaped bizarre weird. The whole ambiance of that man. It was just something strange about that dude. And then plus he would sit never sit his ass back in the seat. I think maybe the sofa was the problem. They would have sat him like it. It would have been like, you know, they even get a right now seriously, all the other shows. They sit in the chair. You know, behind a little, you know, I realize it's kind of like try everything. But they sit. They look more comfortable. But he was always sitting on the edge of that sofa just like he was ready to pounce on anything that was moving, man. And especially if he could sniff it, you know, if he could sniff just a little but oh man, he's just like a hornier and hell. Ready in a moment, notice. And it just gets you nervous like during the entire show just watching this guy who looks like he wants to pounce. He always had these like sloppy, big loose suits on, you know? Like he could just whip him off and do it right there on his stage. Maybe that's what he should have done what I had in 80's year. Huh? Maybe he was hiding something big from America there, and it sure wasn't the numbers. Well, it's nice knowing you are Sino. That's what America is all about. I think it's a shame really that he's going up, because that's you epitomizes the whole mentality of this goddamn country. 1013 at WIOD and WSUN. If you've ever applied for a mortgage, you know what a real pain in the ass can be? I can't say that. What a pain it can be. You wait for the application, you wait again for the bank to review all the paperwork, instead of waiting what you really want us to be moving your ass into your new home. There it goes again. At Prime Mortgage Investors, the waiting game stops. Their professional loan officers work hard to make sure your loan application is processed fast and efficiently. And because residential mortgages are all that Prime Mortgage does, you're working with the experts. Not only do they offer one of the fastest turnaround times, but Prime has the lowest rates with programs for condos, homes, investors, and also no income verification laws. Prime Mortgage Investors loan programs are so flexible that if you're a credit worthy borough, they can find the right mortgage just for you. Your Prime Mortgage, your mortgage, rather is Prime's only business. It's important to them as it is to you. The residential mortgage hotlines waiting for you to call today for more information. You'll be able to speak to one of Prime Mortgage Investors' professional loan officers. Just pick up that phone and call them right now. 446-4979. That's 446-4979. Prime Mortgage Investors, the residential mortgage specialist. It's a different kind of sports show. Sports Talk 610 every night at 6 right here. Come on you, I don't need this ball and the fuck's network. The producers of the hit game show called Starts, bring you the fan, new hit game show and a fuck's network called SWATS. Yeah, so like how much money would you be willing to spend on me before I have to come across? Yes, the same folks who ripped off Chuck Loury's love connections have reused us. Now, ripped themselves off to bring you SWATS. Well, Valerie, you've heard them all free contestants which one do you want to go out with? He puts up to me, I'll take them along. Who did this fall to SWATS on the fuck's network? Where anything we're doing is we're doing a really bad thing. What's this obsession with hope? Here's telly else, back into the Toronto end. Down to the Bios, boy, but he held the fuck. Kelly else, bounce one brick, party, half that side of the line. Taking away now by Rouse, five rounds to the whole club. Senator Mayndra, Bill of Shines, go down. Yes, Senator Bill of Shines, go down. And the Toronto mid-bytes were that even strength goal of power flag on Alex Chardy. Oh, I'm having half minutes of the game. Unless the last business start for the E-knowling freedom, they throw. I'm going to get in the shorty in there. I'll tell you that, right? 6-1-2. Eyes of blue. It's such a shame he's not a Jew. Has anybody seen Mago? Yes. He's on the beach. He's out of reach. But in his short, their lines of peach has anybody seen Mago? No. If you like your guys, circumcised, he just won't do all. But if you chose the whole journals, their bigger things in store for you. And he's saying he can't even see him except party in the newspaper. Has anybody seen Mago? No, they're going to even row. Speaking of W. Drew, yesterday, I'm listening to Randy on the way to the track. In some colors, some of our yentas there, one of our young yentas and training calls into and form her, that Drew's he's on the light bulb. With Spider-Man and that other group of Mount Contents over there who are busy peddling their $40 spots like 30 of mid-a-time back to back. So anyway, I punch over there for a second and I have no idea what he's doing except of course, badmouthing this place and everybody in here, which is really great if you ever would want to come back. So I guess he sealed his faith thank goodness. And then they go into a thing. I punch it back for about 30 seconds and he's like talking politics. And Spider-Man is sucking in in both things about Gary Hart and Dan Qua. It was the most pathetic bunch of Kaka I have ever heard in my life. Boy, I mean, if there was ever anybody needed living evidence, living proof that this man did not belong on the air that this child was absolutely beyond any hope but it was right there yesterday. Here's Palm Harbor, wait a minute, who's that? Palm Harbor, hello. Yeah, you came to the Ranger game. You got enough Gary Thorne? No, I do not, sir. Because he's stuck. Yeah. How about the Zylinder, sir? Oh, they, they're quick going put in. See, let me tell you this right now that at least the Depanters have been there. We've been there. They've been three to one. It's half to at least be making a better showing than the Islanders. Yeah. But, it's going to be tough game, you know, with Detroit losing the tent of the... San Jose beats, I'll tell you the worst trait in the history of hockey, but... That's just the human seven goal for the Red Wings gives up five indie Troy. Look out now. I loved it. I loved it. I love the big time. I mean, New York against Toronto, which is like... My favorite? How, how, how can you beat that? Great. I'll give for me one more question. What is that, sir? I was talking with Renee Lachner to get back or something. Well, there's way Renee. Yeah. By the way, Marlins pulled one out last night. They were throwing it right out there, right in Denver. By the three. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Yeah, if we keep playing San Diego in Colorado, I'll see you along. We might... How about those brave? Oh, Jesus, God and Joseph. I might have to be forced to actually whip this out. Old Naka Homa. What do they like? 13 and 1? Yeah, it's 13 at it. And like the last six or seven in a row, and they just went every day. And they don't just win, they win like seven to one and 82 to nothing. And like, what is that? What is that all about? I mean, last year they got off to that Brady pressing slow start. And then they had to like scramble like crazy. Then they almost blew to the end and had to beat the giants in a playoff. This year, they're just like, might not losing out the game until July. And of course, they'll be here next week. Some of us will be there for both games. I think we'll cool them off. We'd have had pretty good luck against them last year. We have played them tough. We us. Well, we want to game last night. So now it's we us. And that how it works here. Here's Miami on the Starline. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. What's up, man? We're doing it, man. I have to agree with you. 1,000 percent of our signal. Wasn't he the fatal? He was one. He's tough. Didn't mean fatal. He was fatal. He looked like you wanted to kiss every person. He was talking to you. He wanted to touch it and grab it and squeeze it. He was like he was really feeling for the people. He was talking to you. Yeah, exactly. Like he was reaching out and touching somebody. He had to go to work for his southern bell. You've got a baby eight of what's in my life. Yeah. Winter last time he seen them come back from the loss of the night. They're kicking it this year. They are. They almost pulled that one out on Sunday. And then they came back. They blew the look. I was in a radio going home from the track last night. And they, uh, Gerardi got that hit for the Rockies. And we were behind three to two. And I figured, well, nice try. And then I picked up the paper this morning. And we pulled that baby out again. I fell asleep in the night. Well, you better keep your eyes open because they're going to be pulling out a lot this year, man. And some games too. Right. Take it easy. Have a great life. By the way, I'll freight, I'll need some serious. Did you take a look at that child today? Good God. He must have been up celebrating the Wies' birthday all night with him. Or with somebody or with like a whole bunch of people. Good God. Anyway, did anybody see the movie? Did we get a call on that George didn't take me to movie last night about the Menendez trial, which, uh, you know, what's it coming seeing? There's not much interest now because, uh, it's like in limbo. And, uh, there's not much interest now. But once they get the retrial going, which eventually will happen to they say anything about that at the end about when there's going to be retrial now. And once that gets back on the court TV and CNN again, millions and millions of people be like tuning in and watching these guys and the see if they still look as good as they did before. Uh, anyway, so did the guys last night look any good? Fair? Not did it not look good. What kind of a movie is that? That's the whole deal. That's why these guys got off because they were good actors and they looked pretty good. They were like all American except Eric who's a little wimpy and cried a lot. But, uh, they look pretty healthy, you know, and when you guys like that go on trial the jury says, well, they look too cute to like kill mommy and daddy. There must have been those superrits must have been relentless bastards, you know? And at Jose, he was probably like, hey, we let this, uh, I don't want to say spick. Okay, spick. Well, that's what the story said, okay. He was a relentless spick, but at least he lived out there, not here so we don't want to get anybody upset about that. Okay, he should have been on KPSA USA. It's 1024, WiodNWSUN. Oh, such this Sunday's draft day. Great. Do I have to bring my own mug? No, it's not that kind of draft day. NFL draft day at Joe Lovie Stadium, we're all going to be there. It's 610 WiodBoy cast the NFL draft live. First 1500 fans in the door get a WiodD fan bag, stuff with flies and it's jailed. There's Bino in it again this year. Draft day at JRS also pick a seed day. Ah, that's nothing special. I'll pick mine every morning. What up, huts? Pick a seed day is when you can pick the seed you want for season tickets to the Fin. Get a good seed and you can even watch dolphin. Then he's ball's fuck growth. I'll think of it. Where else can a bunch of guys sit around? All day's, pounding beer, watching TV and picking their seeds. Oh, it's a party. The WiodD NFL draft day party, Sunday at Joe Robby Stadium, Gates Open the two coverage starts at three, runs you by mailboxes, etc. Warren Henry Infinity Jaguar, Volvo Range Rover, and South Florida's news, talk and entertainment station. 610 WiodBoy. Now the big news every weekday morning is Rick and Suts right here. You stop radio safety. Good. Good. Tell me about your tea. Many of us may not be getting enough. What's the worst thing that can happen when you're eating a fast food burger? Besides the burger. That's right. You find a hair in your food. Yeah. That's disgusting. And it happens all the time. But now there's a restaurant that avoids this ugly shop because it's right on the menu. Come to buzz burgers. Thank you, Rwada, please. Yes, I'd like four buzz burgers with ketchup pickles and extra hair. Curly or straight. What's curly or curly? And a shake. Chocolate or strawberry blind. Blind hair. Want the lights with that? Yes, never be surprised by hair in your food again. It's on the menu. Like buzz burgers. This week, order a hairball and fries and take home a free cone. So what's wrong with a little fool with your lunch? 1029 at WiodD. And I'm going to like issue a challenge, but I don't think anybody's going to be able to answer it. I was talking when I came back from vacation about that real thin. Well, I've talked about it before, but nobody pays any attention as usual. That real real thin crust pizza that they have in Rome. I mean thin as like the only thing I could compare it to. It's not as thin as paper, but like a vanilla envelope. That thickness, which is pretty damn thin. But that's how thin they roll it. And they like, you know, put the cheese and then they sell on me or whatever you want on top. And they cook it in the wood burning brick oven. And it's real crisp, but only on the outside. On the edges, like almost like burned on the edges. And real thin and delicious. And somebody was telling me that there is a restaurant on south beach with a real stupid name like Italian restaurant. Or something original like that that has something fairly close to it. But I want to issue the real, see because there are people have the New York style pizza, which is about the thickness of cardboard, right? Pizza cardboard. Yeah, we're a little thicker. And then of course there's the Sicilian. And then there's the Cago D-Dish or Pan or whatever, which is real real thick. Well, that's okay. All of those have their own place, but the best of all. And maybe our friends at Vitos or Jeff up at the trough or somebody out there can duplicate that real real real real extra thin fashion cafe. Is that that any of it? Somebody just called already? Yeah. The fashion cafe is that the one on Ocean Drive on south beach because that's where allegedly this one's supposed to be. The fashion cafe. Maybe we could get some of that sent over here one day this week, you know, and even though. And of course there's nothing fattening about that because it's like I'm telling you man, the crust is as thin as the paper in a mineral envelope, that thickness. I mean real real thin and delicious. God is that good stuff. What does that have to do with anything? Here is the Fort Lauderdale. I'm a star in the pound line. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You're going off the air if I guide tomorrow. I'll have a smile on my face. Great. But you've been on for years. I have been out now and you haven't mentioned anything about rosé and in calm. Thank God. Okay. Who gives a crap about those slabs, especially that fat pig? I think it's always nice to hear about it when they have some shirts. Yeah, there you go. That's the shit. She makes me six. She makes me want a puke. She ought to eat a loaf with our cereal. They make a good pair of the two of them. Well, that's good. That's good. Maybe he ought to look with our cereal. My pink make a better pair. There you go. Okay. Okay. Yeah, he might be better in bed than she is. I'll tell you that. Oh, man. I tell you. It's, you know, basically what the world is. Let's slow down for just a minute. Okay. The world is, here's the list. Michael Jackson, Madonna, Rosanne. Now our city is like, he's in there for like a few seconds. Letterman, Lardass Limbaugh. Who am I leaving out? Latoya once in a while. That's it. Who else? I mean, there's some people on the edges like share and Arnold. And, you know, a few of those are like the on the second run of the letter. But like basically the world is revolving around Michael Jackson, Madonna. And then those two are so far and above everybody else. And then Rosanne, who's now of course, you know, getting her put in there again, so to speak. Because she and Tom have split up. Who gives a flying crab? And I actually know people who watch that show, including George. Didn't you tell me who watch that show? I'd see that. I can't believe. I mean, if you had any credibility, which you don't. I mean, the only thing you never watched, you're wrong. You're wrong. I've watched. I don't know. Just like sign fell. I tried watching that show for like 10 minutes one night. I never want hot. Larry show. It's a very weak show. When you have it, don't you understand when you have a dish, you don't have to subject yourself to the little drips and drops that the network's give you. You have too much of a choice. I don't have room in my life for garbage like that. Don't you understand? I don't have time for that crab. But I think that I think we've discovered something here. And that is when you're un-circum-sized that foreskin, those seriously, if it's too tight, it cuts off the circulation. And that's not a good part of your body to cut off the circulation. Because that's where a lot of guys brains are at. It's right in that part of their body. It's where they do all they're thinking. And as a result, when your circulation is cut off, it has this effect and you start watching crap like grows in. So I risk my case. Here's a mobile and forlaterdale on a dayline. Hello. How are you doing Neil? Great. A couple questions. In last day talking to you, in the raiders game? See. When it's four and five, not in, and there's no longer like, why don't they go to another game? Like in a more exciting game, like the brewing game or the San Jose game. Well, uh, in between periods, if it goes to the brutes, I think it has something to do with their contract, but you're absolutely right once. Once it got to be forward, I think, and then five nothing, and I mean, the island is we're never in the game at all. At that point, they should have gone to, they'll be sure to see bits of the San Jose, the truck game, which is a great game. Yeah. And then finally, at least they showed us the end of the Montreal Boston game, which is another great. That's a great series. That Montreal Boston series, I don't know the series. I'm rooting for Boston. Yeah, of course. Um, I'm rooting for those frogs. And for pizza? Yeah. For thin crust? I mean, like thin, when you pick it up, it stays flat, thin, doesn't droop over, but real thin crust pizza. Take out only at sunrise and sunset, and uh, do correllas. Zooka relas? I think that's what it's called. They have incredible thin crust pizza. But it's just thin crust. And that thick stuff, just thin crust. Yeah, but it's, but is it like regular New York style? Yeah, yeah. But that's not what I'm looking for. I'm looking for like extra thin. I mean, so thin that it's like almost like a piece of paper. It's thin, thin crust pizza. Really? Yeah. It's actually, and it's so thin, but it, you know, people try to make thin pizza, and they put the sauce on it. You go to pick it up and slice all over. Oh, that's so good. Exactly. This is like that. This is incredible pizza. But it's take out only. Zooka relas? That's the next, next the public, we're a fun set and sunrise Boulevard. Sunset and sunrise. Right. Oh, of course. Yeah. You said the fight to party lives. Mm-hmm. Okay. I'll check it out. I know what you're talking about. Right. That pizza's really good. I never had it. And they don't have them in the neighborhood or in the lifetime. They saw slices. I go there all the time because it's actually going. They saw slices of the real thin. Oh, the real thin. Oh, you take it out. Okay. I do I home. Any closing? Cool father. Oh, God. Good. Good. Good. Two upper lines, both in date, 7519-463-751 thin is best. I'll tell you when it's thin. It's quality. Trust me when I tell you. From personal experience, 1036-Wild and WSUM. It's afternoon at 2. It's the goddess, Randy Rhodes right here. You suck radio sink, dear. Where are you? WSUD. Timmy Johnson. Fox. And so does his haircut. Oh. She's a shining example. And a body and into everything that's wrong with America. So nothing to do. And I know I can always do it until I have it up. She's disgusting to watch and the material does. Why does someone like that? I will test, please, back, which is between her toes. Frozen is a dude bag. Oh. I get to act her bait and when Lucy is equated to the final end of Dr. Slop. And she's a dirty fighter and the critics don't like her. She's insecure about her job. I'm creating their hide but I don't know what's wrong. She's just a fukin' losing and a skeleton. And I don't want to see her on the TV no more. Frozen is a dude bag. She's a dude bag. She's a big dude bag. She's a dude bag. Oh. She looks really fat. She's a dude bag. She's a dude bag. Oh, I hate. She's a TV guy. What have you think she's a bag? She's featured every week on almost every day. But rather see her go back to the pasture and race. Frozen is a dude bag. She's a dude bag. She's a dude bag. Oh, if a little hubby. How's your pathetic fly? Now that you're writing on the closed nails. Of your successful wife. She's a dude bag. She's a big dude bag. Yes, she's a dude bag. Oh. She's a spally. That bag. She's a dude dude bag. Yes, she's a dude bag. Oh. All the heights surrounding where is our dude. She's 400 pounds of food. She was half a hard time trying to bring the frozen is a dude bag. We're going to fuck's milk. Our city over five and a half long pond. Ristidius years. Let's see how long we're going to be able to milk that fat bitch. You know what I'm saying? Anyway, it's 1042 a WOD. I don't think we're not going to have time to play Louis every hour today. So maybe like a little taste. Oh, let me go. Like that. Huh? Maybe a little more taste. Okay, put a little bit on it. We have an open line in date, 751 one on a Sterline. What a good Bob and it's the redneck audience upset over there in Tampa. God forbid. Here's a lady in Spring Hill. Hello. Good morning, Neil. How are you? Very well. Thank you. Love you. I'm glad you. My radio cocked the bed and now I only get an FM on it. You're radio. My radio did cock off. It did cock off. It cocked the bed. So I get as an FM station and I found you by accident. I absolutely love you. I can't believe you get away with what you cut away with. What is that? Everything. Everything. I'm a snowberry down here from Massachusetts from like where? Well, 11 miles out of Boston. Winchester. Winchester. You know something I lived in Boston for two years. I never heard of Winchester. It's a very young. Isn't it like low? No. It's surrounded by snow. I'm spot. Medford. Medford. Now we're talking. Okay. It's not far from there. Right. But I absolutely appreciate your framing. I have a few questions I would like to ask. Anything you want. We will. If we don't know the answers, we just make them up. Oh, I hope you do. Of course. You talk about remain attachment. Oh, yeah. We're going to play that too. Is he the same latch that was the third base coach for the Boston Red Sox. Yeah. See. He was also the manager of the putting match. The brewer is somebody. Oh, oh. For about five minutes. And how he down here is well-liked down here. They hate him like poison. Do they really? Yeah. It's just a million with the money. He's a little lucky brother. The pitching coach. They hate him even more. Are you free? Uh-huh. His name is Marie. His brother. Marie? Yes, Marie. Marie and Marie's brother is called. Marie. Are you a lot of a lot of Mareth? Mareth. Mareth is one. If I would like to share something short and sweet with you and your audience. Something short? Short. There was that just ripped out. That Boston just slipped out of you. Don't stand up again. Back in the 80s he was a friend of my ex-brow. Wow. And I never really met him until maybe three months after speaking with him on the telephone. And I have an older brother who had multiple cirrhosis and he's been in a nursing home. Renee was so nice. It's when the Ritzx-1, the East Indivision back in the 84, 83, something like that. Renee got a baseball. He had all the guys sign it. And he brought it into my office and I didn't even know who this guy was. The end again I desk. And he handed it to me and told me who he was. He was so very nice me and gave me the baseball for my brother, which really puts such a smile on. That's really nice. We still hate him though, but I mean that is very nice. He just flies a gentleman. Yeah, he is a nice guy. He is a nice guy. And he only had a commercial set about nice guys. He should be more supportive. Yeah. Just a little more assertive with the guy. I don't have too much to work with at this point so we can't play him anymore. And I agree with you about Rosie and I never watched this show. What did this disgusting, this obnoxious fat bitch? I know my husband feels the same way about it. I mean when she first went, she first started getting a little low to write. When she was doing her stand-up for squatting comedy routine. She was kind of funny and all I can short doses. Didn't roll his inner hair at the time. I thought I ever, I don't know. But then she became like this gigantic mammoth bigger than life piece of crab. And I got news for it. I can't take like five seconds. She's always the same with that. I mean, she doesn't do anything. No. She is nauseating. She's just disgusting. She's just a pig. Seriously, she's just a pig. Anybody could be a pig? I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I enjoy yourself. And you bring a big kiss for us. Right. Right on the first. See ya. Bye-bye. How about that? That Boston at Shart. That one more all takes is one word. It just slipped right out. Maybe she did a number of her shards. We have an open line in date. What in the, look at that. The cell one in the south. I can't keep those straight. The phone lines for the cars. They're just not doing it today. Everybody else is doing it. We have one open line on the green line. 1-800-9-4-4. Did anybody call and say that they saw that movie last night? I guess that. Why does that happen every time I see something that I'm interested? Nobody else gives a flying crap. What if something that I think is the most ridiculous? Oh, did you see that? How could you not watch that? Everybody wants to talk about that. You asshole? Oh, sorry. Just like I go to the track last night. I cannot take this schedule this year with the NHL playoffs. It's, it's an abortion. As Bill Monroe used to say on Meet the Press, it's an abation, which is why he's not on there anymore. Also from knowing, really couldn't say abortion. Abation. And but anyway, so like they got the islanders and the Rangers playing two nights back to back, which makes sense because they're like both in the yacht. And then they got like three days off and then they play it on Sunday because it's all for TV. So maybe they assume that some of the players are going to attack them a subway in between. And they'll have to have time to heal up or something. What does that all about? So I go to the track last night. No problem at all. I got my VCR all set. And it won 20 CBC, nice clear picture. I come home. There's a guy named Montreal Boston game. I don't want that. I want the leaves. I want my hockey game is ratchet. If I could tell you how to just draw it. And I mean, sure, on ESPN last night, we're seeing like there's one nothing. It's two nothing. It's three nothing. The least are kicking around. That's nice. And there's showing some highlights. But I want to go home and enjoy the game. I want Don Sherry and Bob Cole and his vaults, but in here we are in the middle. I want the whole thing, Ron McLean, man. No, I got the goddamn Montreal Canadians. Okay, make me want a puke, Patrick Raff. Even his name. Yeah, it's like, ah, you see what I'm saying? Sounds like puke. Looks like puke. So what do I have to do? I have to like set my VCR sports channel Chicago for 30 in the morning. They replay the game. Thank God. And that's, and I'll be honest with you. That was a pretty good call by a Pat. What's his name? Pat Fully. The pain. What is that? The pain is great. I took the card off. But it wasn't a pretty good call. Good. The stuff that I go through just to try to put something on here a little bit different. And it's still a little pay off. How's Louise doing, by the way? Just a little taste, Louise. Is all I want. Just a little taste. Of course, a little taste leads to bigger and better things. That's enough. Okay, 1049 at WIO D. WSUM. I'm not going to read these stories anymore. About Janet Jackson's car and about all the other crap because this copy is the worst. And all the years that low jacks been on year with me. This is the all-time worst. Nobody gives a flying crap about Janet Jackson or a $40,000 black range rover or any of that other crap. All they care about is their car. And they care about not being ripped off by spending thousands of dollars from, for some stupid alarm system that makes a lot of screaming noise. Nobody pays any attention to. And once it's disabled and the car is gone, they never see their car again. What they want is real protection. And that's why they definitely want low jack because it really works. It's a silent but deadly homing device. And anytime your car is stolen, you just call a police. They enter your little personal computer thing. They're police tracking computers and they zip in on their home and on that signal. Just like a homing pitch and they get your car back fast in one piece while it's still worth getting back. And right now when you buy your low jack recovery unit for the one-time cost to just 595. You also get a free there's that word again that they love in this town. A free remote activated car alarm. Absolutely positively free with no letter monthly fees, no hidden charges, no installation cost. So check it out. Low jack with your south-ward new car dealer or call a lane. You'll answer your questions and the gut only knows what else you'll do. Tull free called 1-853 low jack. 1-800-535-6522. There's only one way to cover south floor to traffic. You've got to cover all three counting saved. Rower at home beach. You've got to have more traffic report. At least six every hour during rush hours. And there's only one station in south Florida that goes this far to get reliable traffic information to you every day. South Florida's news talk and entertainment station. You talk radio 16 W-I-O-D. There's never been anything funny about getting up in the morning until now. Rick and Suts, weekday mornings right here. 1053 a W-I-O-D. Guess who's going to experiment? Guess who's our first volunteer to try to make the real real altruthin paper thin pizza like just like in Rome? Guess who it is? Let me give you a little hint. He-he. It's just a joke, Jeff. It's just a little joke. Ha ha ha ha. Oh. Pony tail is going to do it today. Okay. He's going to bring us like an ultra paper thin real as in Rome. Did you tell him what I wanted on it? Did you tell him I wanted the general was salami on there? Did you tell him that? And what did he do? Lamp in the phone? I left the recording. Message. Left the recording on what? On his answering machine at the office. Because they couldn't get in in the mobile, which is what he calls me on. It is orifice? What is that? Where he's going to cook it? He's got a storage closet in the back. And he's got a desk in there. He's got a desk in there. I've been in there. I know that. It's like a broom closet. He took me back there to impress me with what a hot shot business man he is. I've seen- I've seen- I've seen bigger clothes closets than that his orifice. Mr. Hot shot. So the pizza loft is taking his answering the challenge today and they're going to do it. Can't wait for this. Here's a lady mobile in Boka. Hello. Yes. How are you? Great. My phone's talking to him. No. Okay. I'll let you know. Don't worry about that. I've got a question. What color is my Corvettes? Yeah. Are they? One is like Aqua Blue and the other one is Ruby Red. The 40th anniversary collectible. Okay. You went to the one in the Terracorred Corvettes sunrise that was involved in the car accident over the weekend. No, I was not. I saw it because they did not identify the driver and I was concerned that might have been you but it wasn't. No. But the one they aren't too listing right now. Don't you think if I would have been involved in some kind of a conflict of times I would have come on a year and started screaming and carrying on like some kind of a wild of a bitch in the evening. Because it was sunrise.