What's up buddy? Who's this? This is Mike V. How you doing Mike? All right, what's going on? We're proctoid, man. What? Where have you been all of our lives? Hey, I've been around. Been doing cars. Working for Paul. You've been doing Paul? No cars. Don't let the word out. I know, I bet I'll tell you, huh? Yeah, I'll be the wrong guy to tell. There's nobody listening. Don't worry about it. Well, I said it's nice to be head by a pound and have a great life. Hey, we owe you a free wash, though. We're in the car, too. Where are you? We're in a broker right now. But I mean, where's your place? We move around. We come to you. Oh, you come to us? And on you. And you scrub it? Yeah. Okay. Well, listen, come on down. Or we'll let you scrub it. You can find it. You can scrub it. All right, but have a great luck, pal. See you. Get out of here. We have an open line on the Sterline Sterlion Sterlion. And the pound line is still there. There was somebody on there, but they're not holding. We're paying for it. And there's still not holding. Which just amazes me at pound IOD. Strange. Here is the St. Peter'sburg. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, they can't handle it. But I take a minute to explain what these towed busters don't understand. Told busters. Yeah, the towed busters. That's what I've been told. They, uh, what they don't realize is it's two different areas. You're areas. It's an area that is farce some level of sophistication. Some, not much, a little bit. Yeah. You know, you can be mugged and shot by a guy that demands your money. Any of seven different languages. Right. That's true. We think a lot of people have worked on this crime here. They're all like me. And so I put your real eyes as the back of the program. It says, thanks for visiting the Thunderdome. Don't forget your teeth. Yeah. But all over here, it says, don't forget your teeth when you leave the restaurant. Well, they're not around that class. Fizzing. That's always a good reminder. Yeah. They're a lot of dumbers, but they don't gag. Yeah. You know. And, uh, it's a, it's, it's, it's, it's another thing you'll realize about lightning games. Halfway through the third period. They stop play for a few minutes. The first thing you can say, the floral city trailer park is now loading. Yeah. That's right before they start playing Leonard Skinner. That's right. Let, uh, let Mrs. Sierra Lebias court it to the bus as she has a tendency to wander around. Yep. And the Thunderdome is in the middle of Darky Town. Yeah. It's, uh, that's not Neil. Yeah. There were some good times. There were some good times. There were some interesting. Like when we came over there, we had some really good times. Oh, the, uh, the model appearance. Yeah. You want TV. Clear water, malbus sensation. Absolutely. And a good time over there watching Kurt doing his drag routine and an empty restaurant. That was exciting. Randy got fan. Great. Great. He also done a tellows in that the bus this place and St. Pete was dynamite. Go Vita, just her foot. I think it was wasn't it? All those great rides in Belvedous beautiful, palatial car. I'll never forget those. And, uh, a free hot dog at Mel. Free we need. That's right. You can't get enough. We need around here. Right. It's been fun. It's been real. Um, but as my friend said, as he walked out of the court, there was some good time. There was some bad time. But the marriage didn't work. Oh, right. Have a nice day. See ya. We have an open line on the green lines. It's farewell Friday for the west coast. It's been a real tweet. Feel Henry will continue to be on over there by the way. At least for the foreseeable future. I don't see any problem with that. I think he'll do just fine. Especially on a station. It's got like all the big numbers that they're going to have the rest of the day. At least from six in the morning till two. Last year or two, I'd like to do our right. It'll be following something that kind of fits in. And I'm not getting him get into it. There's no point. I've said everything that needs to be said. Better disappointment. Nobody here is blaming. Well, I won't say nobody here. I'm certainly not blaming him for, you know, whatever we didn't or didn't do over there. But just the whole ambiance and the attitude sucked. And, you know, just vindictive and bitter. Basically is what it's all about. So he'll get us. He'll work his way up to a two, five, two, eight. He'll be all right. Here's Tampa. Hello. Hey. Good answer. We're dying over here. Are you? Yeah. Well, there's nothing left. I mean, you just talked about the blobster. There's not much there for people that are 35 or under or have much of a personality to listen to. I'm dying out of the hands. We are. And I don't blame you. I can't really logically argue. The decision. Because. Now, it works out better for everybody. Like I said, this I didn't realize it till I talked to the last night that they had this other thing. In the works that they were going to put on six to eight instead of the tapes, which they realized that those tapes were killer. And as long as they had that in a work, they figured out where, you know, kind of for the forced our hands. So now we're going to do it. And they're going to wind up way ahead of the game with it. So this was planned and that's what to get it last minute exactly. So it's not like I'm doing something out of spite. I'm doing it because I needed for me here. And there could be enforced what because it's going to help them. Yeah. I like I said logically, there's not really an argument against it. No. you were talking to the day about the share of this market and the country kind of aspect twenty percent why came up here from my and one of the first things i noticed was you could replace the heavy latin and float to self-plower with the real heavy red neck and what's here yeah you draw a lot of who's really at there but you know draw a lot of the straw here not a lot of those figures yeah so it's unfortunate we're gonna miss it though well i appreciate it pal one dying request to shameless and one finger loose at all times yes we have an open line on the uh... reenline of all last for long there are all these closet people now coming out of the closet to say farewell and you and that too here's a peter'sburg hello hello you you don't have a lot of doing great we have an open line on the green line well that was cute but i just can't see you know i guess i could put them on hold but the white body anyway we will have any shortage of calls on the green line in fact we never had any shortage of calls on the green lines very rarely like once in a blue moon or once you know once in a while when uh... silenced he started patching around with the tower with a transmitter and they were like on six watts going straight into the gulf but other than that they were smoking i will say that thank you at least for keeping a phone smoking last uh... almost two years they may not listen in large numbers but they sure do call speaking of chronic by the way here's a fact from kc and saying feet i'm not even upset with him today as chronic as he is any really is to a point of nausea but here's the fact that says in our girl meeting of the nonio Rogers on the radio support group in other words we have no life is what he's trying to say monday seven to ten p.m. at crystal restaurant on northdale maibrian tamper topics to be discussed one satellite this purchase to moving the south florida all please don't do that three g e super radio and four getting a life uh... neo we will miss you in the marlin suck well we may suck but we're like five hundred eleven eleven one other big one yesterday in front of twenty five twenty six thousand people whatever it allegedly was allegedly was like thirty some but trust me uh... here's four lot of the all hello hey now i do it pretty good sir i was uh... listen yesterday to rick rally crappy promotion from the wibred uh... reception area now what my pants yeah parable he didn't even do any homework i don't know who does promotions or for it's really rick's idea but the uh... he knows yeah he does yeah the reception area was even open until ten o'clock yeah and they had a guy walking around saying just nobody here or more famous for that we've uh... this station that sent out more guys including out of spent it who deserved it i remember forget he'd they said i'm gonna do a uh... a remote at the home show on the beach and it was nobody there i don't have a place wasn't open yet not to mention the garlic right the garlic festival was done i might mean that was not me or but it should be in hell is special that was the time denomers parting shot to me let's see if we can help him get in the morning here at it to add to the bells paul zee unbelievable i mean my weiner doesn't whistle right well he could have whistle yesterday and nobody would have heard it i didn't even know he did a thing uh... or you who's out there uh... arvin christ one of the outside flunkies was out there yeah well that's a good way to uh... indoctrinated sent him out to a place where there are no people to a show it's like i said like that thing i went over to uh... c... uh... curt over in tamper doing his drag routine in an empty restaurant that were like five people there were all friends and relatives nobody so we're used to it unbelievable and he's closing i want to say what is a god for mishmaka have a great life pali a god's a mishmaka smuka open line and broard at the orgots a mishmata so the pop broke his leg by the way and the altar boys are rubbing it fiercely to see if they can make it feel better and the leg too twelve thirty six and wio d and wsun in a rude with things forty one a wio d happy friday one of the greatest days in history and uh... thanks to tombell vita for all the great curtices extended to us i can't think of any at the moment all the free rides in that beautiful car the hockey games last year the leaf's uh... wiping up the ice with lightning twice and the old bar not there and then again this year the gigantic record breaking crowd for the home up and over there is the panther shot out the lightning two nothing is i recall in front of almost twenty nine thousand people and then the leaf shutting out the lightning uh... how come every time i went over there they're like almost couldn't score here's so the big line to begin riddle may here's my amy hello hello yes sir how you don't need you pretty damn good pal and my name is one of them a hulu you're one out of a buddy you're one of them yeah one of the many here here in higher lea outstanding i want to be here's one who's willing to stand up and be counted folks right here that that's right i want to hear who will you i want to tell you a little story all about looking at i want my huge fan like yourself and all your huge you all you don't you i believe it okay i'm i met him about about four months ago and can't come you did yeah met him in a the club daddy also did you already tell me the story i know is my i'ma first time call okay because somebody also told me they met him maybe it wasn't in cancun in some of our really well met him in cancun it was like the main club there right yeah and all the guys really nice guy when i'm talking he was about a hundred million girls all over the guy yeah and he was by everybody drank i mean he was he's a great guy and not only for being a huge fan like i am and i'm not you i just i'm listening to your show that you're becoming out real big on a good event of and uh Jerry oh you ought to see that picture i got it's bigger than life it's bigger than you yeah yeah the CD picture the one not not from the cover the cover he looks like a chipmong on her front but there's one one that's on the CD you know that's on the disc itself uh huh where he's got that like shirt tied around his waist right right yeah and it's that's yeah how well you sleep make contact yet if you were oh hey and i don't i want to think your little part a little fun you want to think a little from well George isn't here but go ahead that'll make it even better go ahead you know i'm sure you like this kind of go um guy they're modeling and man get it Maddo and baby get it Maddo and say hello big he like that huh beautiful for you a little before you me I'm gonna go for you for a car yeah there you go uh i want to say i call my friends douche bags yeah we're friends the more i'll roll it up and Dominica Bruir Renee Lopez you're but you do speck see you I know see yeah yeah okay say say in hialia see yeah we have an open line in day 7 5 1 9 4 6 3 he didn't say nothing dirty we don't have our Spanish interpreter here today he's home nursing his wounds getting sick and plenty of time for tomorrow's stone soul picnic so anyway uh i come in this morning get ready to the reason that they didn't sound quite as good as it should have and i apologize there was no levels on those cards but uh i'm coming to dub my stuff which it sounded real great on the cassette that i brought in trust me when i tell you and uh i go to in our brand new expensive production studio here's Tom Joiner the fly job he'd be doing a show in air this morning man they got the whole thing tied up like i said and uh i got to go in that crappy little uh that room is terrible stuff that's in there they should like burn it burn that thing down baby in the room too so Tom Joiner's here in case you don't know they're having his big stone soul picnic hot 105 tomorrow Tom Joiner's in town the fly job who's uh the lower their numbers at the full point in the morning okay let's go to uh Miami hello hey Neo what's up how you doing sir oh very well very well happy Friday to yeah same to you a great day yep but yep i'm off so it's a very great day see well finally i get a chance to thank you for that magazine that's fortunately sped that you sent to me where you're seeing the two better late to never man yeah it was dripped and um by the way i wanted to ask you if there's still a way of getting any of those CDs that you have for the best of me or that i never got a chance to buy in any of them uh if you call uh house you on in our programming office if you call like the station may number 759-431-1 uh 431-1 759-431-1 and ask for house you on in programming and she'll let you know if they still have any in the closet there she'll dig through the closet and see who's in there good it's most fire report here see uh when they i was on my way uh to the ballpark you know to cash tomorrow in sking yeah and i turn on the other station on a m to see not w q a m uh yeah oh so just to check and see if they were playing because he was raining here in Miami yeah and at the exact same time that i turned the radio and the time star i mean the hangster was on and it in the hangster uh he he went on he went on and said um the time is six then and he got himself saying six then you call letter uh uh and all that time you hear a little bit of a silence and next thing he says no ten after six will be right back oh geez yep yep it got stuck right in this throat for crying out loud it was hilarious beautiful anyway new you're great uh thanks again for the magazine and i'll call uh whomever over there host the cameyledetus thank you so see bye bye yeah open line and date 751 it's all Julio day over here today we love our Julio's man make no mistake about that especially the ones it look good and our Julio's although they tend to be a little in the closet they're probably pissed off about no more Louise McGill well that's the way it goes i'll never say forever okay we might like bringing back for a guest appearance every now and then and just to give a little bath right here on the air wash them off clean them up and then uh spank them a little bit 1046 in w i o d and w s u n so anyway we're back there's something i do have to play here okay and honor of our friends since we're saying goodbye to the west coast hey stupid well i know my sister all my life that is why she's now my wife and i think my son may know it's true he's my nephew too well my daddy is my uncle joe my mother is my dear and flow when it is very play you see my first cousin is me hey beauty it's a 1051 a w i o d let's say we got no punline on it cell one line i don't know what the story is with that thing they just reluctant to pound it in this town pound i o d come on nobody will see it here's like when to visit hello it's like we're back on sun country wow it sounds like a chronic to me no i'm not a chronic who is this um uh don't in like when to visit oh you sound just like super day for one of those chronic guys that Nico Jason he sounds just like one of those people you know what they say in like we're in a visit don't you yeah yeah it's Disney loads Disney loads first you don't know how to do it a huh goofy loads yeah we we we we we we were good than Randy yeah tell me and pretty soon feel hungry probably and then the jazz man and Chris Baker and it'll be a distant memory of the past well you're on one more day could I could I make a shameless request but of course i want to hear one a kiss or butt all right and uh can i call a couple people do you speak anything you like today pal i'm at such a god damn good mood it's frightening you are in a swamoo i am in a great mood i feel like i've emancipated my god damn self and i think that they were like trying to squeeze another month out of me forget it go ahead okay Jesse a channel six and light a channel 13 your couple of weepy cbs weekend news dripping oozing things okay thanks a pile see yeah beauty okay haha i like it 10 52 we have an open line in Broward 5249463 see this i don't want to get myself in a bad mood because i'm gonna start thinking about this company in the way they do things and keep stringing along let's just like i said cut the cord get out with life uh Ron and Ron make all her stupid little and civic comments i just had a spy report now they can't ever real woman on in midday over the yeah yeah yeah pick up your dress okay will you Ron people are starting to talk he fit in good and over high but anyway uh now we can start like actually going back to like our own thing we don't have to pass a fine and you know like i said it said because there were a lot of really nice people over there it was no accident that we had those thousands of people at the clear water mall i know that's scared the crap out of opi and now he's really gonna be scared see a lot of people with assume his reaction is wow we chase that fat bag out of here boy well no that's not to deal the deal is that i forced their hand and now they're gonna put on a show that is gonna kick ass it's gonna be a local show it's gonna be a spinoff show that's already kicking ass and they're gonna like uh they're gonna do it and they're gonna put effort like right in the toilet all the way across so thank me for that just remember that when you're like cousin in the bitch in at me just thank me for forcing them to butcher up and be a real god damn radio station okay and you two last of you fat cow thank me okay because otherwise they to let this go on as long as i decided here and put up with it and i decided playing like six little waste McGill records just out of spite to him at about to 20 to two just to piss him off except i wouldn't want to do it to Randy anyway here's the south Miami hello hello yes sir happy Friday happy Friday um i wanted to have Bobo Jr yeah there you go you got that cart which one happy Friday uh just Rick have that on a kind of thing here happy is a puppy happy birthday Michael now he don't have it let's do you wait a minute what is it under right oh it's under Bobo wait a minute one moment please bo do bo do bo do yeah that's beautiful i love it listen i'm Michelle Gillen he sure asked kicked off a channel four right oh you know that he's taking her needle nose and taking it back and sticking it somewhere he's gonna be on with Anne and we're with Anne and white she is at night she's on back to ten he's going back to ten right my bet you're Anne's happy about that but we got where i said a bet you the grandma's happy about that exactly maybe she can write shotgun while Anne's driving the diesel truck well maybe she can help her sister yeah yeah she can give her hand on it um today's this week maybe just one finger yes this week is a sad day at on the beach the water is on the the paragon club is closing on on the prince bought it and he's putting up his grand slam club there her gun is closing well print bought car my god what are all these queens gonna do now they're gonna be screaming and screaming oh man but what some of them already are right exactly many of them uh but um i was wondering when you did you see Larry King the other night with um when he had the uh mr sour push himself popped all on you only first he loves now i did not well he has my soup question that he goes what i he says he says Bob i've seen you in many arena what's it like for Bob to hold a cry and Bob don't put him and and just gave him the sour look and yeah and the guy that was sitting next to Larry looked at Larry you like what the hell yeah what's up stupid question is that you slimy butt plug he has no jackass i don't understand you notice by the way he's off for radio everywhere night time they weren't making any money they put him on day time he bobbed over another he affiliates wanted to carry it and blow off their great local shows the but his skinny ass on air so now it's strictly uh but in the meantime he's making millions of dollars and probably still losing the vault to track is that right he's still a piece of what that whole thing and he's making a hundred million and he's still a piece of garbage and we know it here in Miami better than anybody in the world exactly well um i i have a request yes why actually not a request i want to call somebody a do you spag and then i want to call a do you and um yes okay all right see yeah they sported we have an open line in date 7519463 here south Miami no gone i'm just it's out by me here's the Orlando on a mobile hello where is two you man well thank you we're evicted to you hey just wanted to call i saw something on the uh Orlando news last night guess who's looking to buy a house in Orlando Michael Jackson oh no yeah right by Epcot no doubt well probably yeah we're gonna get all the kids coming here we'll get in there so to speak yeah certainly certainly you know I didn't know if you'd be interested in that or not I thought it was kind of intro why not there you go i was wondering if i could make a request that's not gonna be a request Friday you i can't turn down a request on the day of my daughter's a departure from Tampa okay well i was hoping to hear three sixty no sweat thank have a great life you too see yeah nice open line in Broward 5249463 they're called from Orlando they're called from uh Okey Fnocky swamps they're called from all over the state we'll probably get calls from New Orleans so the deal is we are gonna keep the as far as i understand from what George said yesterday we're gonna leave the satellite on in the on position for those people who are listening on their SCPC on her satellites in Alaska and Arizona and like to seven others whatever and then uh soon this cock's broadcasting puts up Nelson there will be gone but in the meantime we'll be here Tampa on a Broward line a smart caller who know how to get right in Neil I'd like to make a pubic service announcement if i may what that come on here I'm sweet six I got to write these down go ahead I'd like to make a pubic service announcement I'd like to claim today as this official day of morning for all the new leaves in Tampa Bay and i'm asking that uh show of support for you that all Neil is driving on the highways in Tampa Bay today drive with her headlights on during daylight hours beautiful and uh one final dying route before five yes one final dying request like to hear Jack in the box if i could no problem thanks Neil thanks for the memory see take care yeah okay well he's out of the press dine very morbid we have an open line on the SL1 line which is constant I think we're gonna have to rip that baby out there we're gonna have to reconstruct this whole reconfigure this whole thing here at pound iod and two and brown of course four nine four six three here is Orlando again hello I Neil yes sir it's the poco how you doing pretty good they uh pleasure talk to you first time caller great and uh probably last time call out as well I would imagine did I hear an ad uh a few minutes ago or uh I think it was efforts where they would give my mother a parole necklace what was that they either wasn't actually spot I didn't listen to it yeah I don't know if I want my mother getting a parole necklace you know what I mean yeah I didn't know it to me yeah anyways um I think the worst thing is gonna happen to the uh city of Orlando yes is that no one's gonna have any material to steal anyone that's yet a gym Phillips yeah I mean he's got guys calling and doing your oh and that kind of stuff are you serious what a sleaze bag you know i mean that it's gonna be tough but we'll get through and it'll give us a reason to travel there you go everything like poco and uh have a good one and we'll talk to you there see Jordan Jordan all right just keep picking that thing baby it's 1109 and Wild on a tremendous Friday you can feel the energy on the bottom of your seat man you can just feel it so anyway I should give that number for our friend over at the VIP link travel boblinken because this is the last day we're on an issue in and I guarantee you all that there'll be like more than the 32 we still got 18 slots left on that one plane it's going Tampa to um two of August nonstop direct they're like 50 seats on that plane I mean it's not the whole plane but I'm just saying they're fit a section of 50 seats at a side and we got 32 confirmed reservations and we still got 18 got plenty of row if you like to go on that thing June 16th through the 19th at the Imperial Palace Hotel three nights and uh the whole thing is gonna be great a great time will be ahead and everybody will be head by all here's the toll free number if you want to call Bob today and make your reservations it's 1-800-233-7264 1-800-233-7264 and of course our local numbers 947-6050947-6050 okay let's just jump right into it here's the palm harbor hello yes sir are you doing great I've been calling Bob uh Latter's sequel afternoon what I'm calling Bob Latter's sequel are you okay Monday evening he's going to bow with this Sharon thrown in the water okay closing sign is cash and care it says are hiring night stalkers see yeah cute we have an open line and see that's one of the reasons I've got a message so much calls like that hope a lot on a green line 1-800-94 for goodbye and here's a hialia hello yes sir are you doing Neil very good all right multi-banny what's your plan on see I have to calling because yesterday I was listening to your show which I enjoy of course you do of course what's not to lie I'm not a who the although I'm on our virtual and I'm only half six the other half is what oh my crock make a spick-wop friend yes right as they said in the godfather now we you have a large audience let me tell you a large virtual audience a stick down here no make no mistake about that again I want to tell you enjoy the how out of your shows I've even got a book for Puerto Rican solicitor out there man who are big jury of a rat fans and you can almost feel the grease coming through the speaker well you must you're like half Cuban and half Italian yeah boys talk about grease yeah it was time to dream here if you want to for half an hour real grease in garlic when in doubt ring it out hey by the way the what close up yeah really nice you have a great thing a lot of nice people lost over there but it just needs some help yeah well keep up the good work and have a nice weekend and a great afternoon which is gracias say carry us on see I open line and date 751 see I'm even back to the seas today because I've been such a good god damn mood we've been like a little depressed here the last things have been like not all that good especially when we were like not knowing which hand was wiping the other and what they were wiping it with by the way florist should be here any minute now they're having at chicken lunch whatever they do that company thing down there so those people who want to eat the usual pedestrian fear that comes in down there go right ahead but I have a feeling we'll have some a pretty damn good stuff here in a second probably it's after 11 at Wiodn WSUN now this fight away does anybody just sports top last night and those incredible interviews with default advantage and the new dolphin draft choices but I tell you if brains count we're going to like maybe not win a game all year looks like we got a pretty soft schedule by the way if you see that schedule god looks like we play a bunch of American Legion team next season that should be pretty good but god almighty and two toes Tim Bowens there do you hear him? I mean they kept like asking these making the questions longer and longer hoping to be listed the question I just love football I have been playing football yeah I love being here but what about that accident what happened that foot I just I have it to be here you know I can do what anybody else can I have it to be here at a bite to the Utahman you'll fit right in here anyway let's give him a show north Miami hello yeah yeah sir how you doing I'm the guy who's going to the Louisville Miguel tight oh muchas gracias the best I need to logic complain see why are you thinking of Louisville oh I mean really yeah she's maybe maybe you could just move them to like after noon or you know before they use a noon or something yeah or maybe like 12 30 or something yeah yeah I mean you know I think that's some nerve that these people have got taken our our Louis way that's right I don't get that anyway now maybe but maybe Randy's got a point when you play at the end and it's like a punctuation like an exclamation point like that's the end of the show and those people are not all that crazy about it they like go elsewhere it is switched to dial around or do something else and they forget to come back but if it's like an middle of the show I mean you didn't have some goddamn nerve to like switch away and not come back that's right yeah I think you got a point and uh not it was you see I'm easy she should look at it as uh the animal the end of the show you know the with it a little animal that's right the little you're there really a lot of you are you're a great experience and she gets brand new uh burning phones a fresh start have you ever checked out a Australian rule football uh not for me are you sure why not just you know all those guys running around the in kilt so what I'm gonna hit a little catch your eye you know little catch my fly wrong I'll give a peek hey listen easy also wants to thank you for that tape because I loaned a turnt she took it all over the weekend I had to ring it out when she gave it back to me that's how soaked it was oh gross me great okay well I just hope to say hello okay okay release returns 12 30 okay see ya open line in date 751 and 2 and Brower not a day that everything is just smoking here and this doesn't auger well for Monday I'll tell you that I just sure hope I don't sit here on Monday which ordinarily Monday sucks to begin with and I say oh she I think I made a bad mistake because that'll really piss me off big time 524 Wiod in Brower part of the deal is that well we'll worry about it on Monday because they're gonna have to wait a long time today I'll just tell you that right now if not no waiting it's lots of waiting because we gotta get to these green lines and say goodbye to all our good friends they're gonna miss it so much but first my any hello yes sir hey how are you Neil pretty good sir hey how about them heat man and that heat went again I must forgot about that oh heat went to play off game last night but uh then you think I think mine are gonna suck there I didn't pay I was too busy with my main police yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah hey I got a question for you yes and you tell me the true or not okay yeah about that uh we need to get all revere all whatever's name it Ricky Rivera oh yeah yeah day told me personally that he's a dick junkie is that true he likes Nixon I don't know about his politics but we'll find out why maybe he attended the funeral the other night he said he likes Nixon Jason no sir getting nervous we have an open line in a day 751 did he say he's a drug addict something like that leave the way it's alone don't start don't ever call his show in bad mouth Louise man you have something bad in your mouth fast open line in date 751 I think I just said that I'm just I'm telling you I got more adrenaline flowing it feel like I've almost a born again here today I feel like I'm alive like I got my life back all of a sudden I have no right just the opposite all contrarse so anyway I don't know 1230 will see well in fact maybe when we play we'll see just how why he opens his mouth it's 1121 a Wiodn WSUN one of the biggest tips it's Wiod one of the nicest Friday's I can think of here's the alley on the starline hello they're catching up with it pretty good you know radio off please okay okay okay all right you're a big out here jader country yeah I'm number one a gators man also number one in the Gulf oh there's a swamp buggy cafe they have 16 blaring loud in there all right how you doing there at the swamp buggy cafe they love you uh huh uh uh uh any hell yes I'm trying to explain to my 11 year old daughter some of the double on 200 that you're using yeah which will we tell the children of America that Neil Rogers it's in the bag it's in the bag do's okay she wants to say one thing yeah to the little shy I turn your turn over to you sure go ahead no to the little shy trace this call hey listen abducte in the car Johnny alley against against the will yes this I want to call somebody to speak please okay I want to wish all the while I speak after all douchebag what is her name her name is Ashley have a great life actually boy boy okay we have an open line in date 751 one on the starline at the poundio d we want to hear from mobile alibaba and new Orleans and all those other plays all those yahu's all along that Gulf Coast who've been like suck it in that S.U.N. signal free all these last almost two years now it really is almost two years it's almost me we went on there and like uh the end of June I think two years ago so it's pretty damn close to two years and I'm pretty damn pumped up about it here's the keys on the bottom line hello good bye yahu's good bye yahu's good bye yahu's what you think about in your nose yes beauty yes sir did you happen to catch botto's a Nixon plant in the other day no I did not oh it was a beautiful thing he's here crying run off stage he was playing it when they plant a Nixon yeah yeah pop dollars just lost to these by crying and said the God bless Richard Nixon and God bless the United States when you don't get a laranass always says one good fascist deserves another that's right right and then closing the hall between Deutschland over allices yes hey camp up for you see yeah they're a little slow on it we have an open line on the a pound line cell i od or pound i od just uh if you can't pound it celleth that's what I always say pound i od or pound god like that one guy gets very upset and indignant if I don't say that boy I just it's it's like a cleansing like the air is cleaner in here is something I know it's psychological but boy it's like uh man and one thing I want to say right now because I know that certain someone's I'm not gonna mention a names are probably gonna be doing a lot of bad mouthing now and make it all kinds of accusations but one thing I'm gonna tell you right now and that is that I'm not saying anything different than I have last almost two years which is probably one of the reasons that uh one of many reasons this showed and go over that big I'm not gonna see there is a oh god what a great place in man what a sophisticated great market and what tremendous people at what am I gonna say that for I mean what kind of credibility you have a user suck around for the purpose of sucking around it's basically the whole most of this state is deep south yahoo knows picking Bible thump and phony baloney hypocritical uh hard-ass country and that's it and we're tickled to that that we weeded out and found like in the midst of all of that some real living and breathing people and that's great we appreciate that here's a ovillator on eight hello yes it's pretty good it's real man you're leaving Israel as they say in Jerusalem Israel well who's going to be filling your why filling my slot will be a show called uh whoo to his on a radio it's a it is very funny I'm cereal I'm sorry it's a spinoff of the run-in-run network and it's gonna include uh Lin Austin the uh whoo to personnel he Lin Austin with her big hooters and Brenda Lee and uh Julie Williams and uh Beth's dooshbag probably and some of those run-in-run people and then of course the Jason was just asking it's a good question what'll be on on the weekend he asks I have a feeling like the best of the best of everything except me yeah we hate to see you guys love you and take care I appreciate it thanks for the memories okay see ya boy there's sound a little modeling over there today well it's a wake-o as you get that loyal but small a core you have a loyal small one uh let's go to uh late a lady we haven't had like no ladies today here's a lady in Tampa calling on her dime hello oh Neil we're dying over here are you yeah get used to it what's up oh it will be okay oh well I'm going to Vegas so get to see are you going with us that'll be great that's another reason the people from over there should go to Vegas we can have like a little reunion with them yeah it'll be so sad a little bonding but I did get a jeez the parade you but I can't pick up the station no it's too close to a 620 is it yeah it's all like I was wobble you can get a group of your friends together not their tower down it probably would come in a lot better coming real good yeah big better flobbo was under it well what can I say about him just stay a walk-in-turn burger just a real bitter disappointment with this whole ambiance of his phony life but that's what goes yeah but uh are we going to hear Louise Miguel today 12-3 as a last last one for us please well that's right that would be the last one for the west coast 12 30 and a PM 12 30 sharp yes and could I have one or what anything you like today is like a very very loose Friday I want to hear Louise Miguel's up for the side okay okay see ya we'll miss you Neil bye bye okay Louise Miguel say uh what did you say if you're messing with Nixon's grave does that make you a dick disturber