We have an open line at Broward 524. I happen to agree with that. I think that I have to see Normus power that they keep telling me I have. And if I have such enormous power, why the hell am I sitting here working for a bunch of pud whackers like them, which I think is the obvious question? Good question. Here's my me Lake. Hello. Maybe it's lack of ambition. Hello. How are you? What is that? Is that BGs? This is old music. It's right. Are we on a hold? No. We are? No. No. No. Somebody's playing something but I don't know what it is. Samford line. Who's that Latoya and Michael? Latoya and Haraldo. Latoya and the agent husband are her. One that they sleep in the same bed but don't touch and don't kiss and don't look for God's sex. Hello. What was that? What was it? I don't know. Oh, that was on a hold music? Or were you planning it? Speak to me. What was it? Damn it. It wasn't any good anyway but you know once you get a little taste you want to know what that was. As well I guess we have two open line. No we don't. One in date and one in Broward and one on the star line. Like I said we have three. One on the star line where they think that they can do fall like this because they're just overly confident they assume that the cellular one thing is just another bunch of crap and that got to run number on it. What does that mean? You mean they've disconnected channel 4? No that just means somebody dialed the regular number that it is and got us. Oh I see. Oh I got it. But have we tried? Have we found out if they have a pound IOD? Somebody call it and see if they've disconnected channel 4 it because before we ever get it they're going to have to disconnect channel 4 and that obnoxious disgusting smelly bitch over there at cellular one to keep skipping everybody here a hard time and telling us well we gotta talk to this one we gotta talk about president. And all of that crap. And didn't know anything about the fact that it's still not disconnected at the channel 4 newsroom until they disconnect over there it does not a very good home and that we're going to begin it over here or the line either. So somebody went and took it out please. 1236 at WOD and WSUN. Well 41 I just been thinking during the break which made your advertising contract you think Michael Jackson's going to lose first. Anyway, moving right along we have an open. We don't have any open lines. How did that happen? I was getting ready to play like an hour and a half of music and these bastards come back. What a pin in the ass. Here's Sarah Soda. Hello. I'm Aleneo. Yes sir. Yeah I got a bigger four down the scowy bridge. They're running the revenue gun from the car. Oh yeah there's shooting that. There's shooting it and they're they had to playing going around. Oh nice. And you were talking about the class me shuffle board over there and Venice I live over in Sarasota. They started a maternity ward about two years ago they had a closer within a year because nobody was having babies there. How about a death ward? Death of the have over there. You know they have people coming out of the airport and their coffin is going back in New York. Yeah you can sniff it from like 100 miles an interaction. Yeah and that's all but just everybody watch over the scowy from Salt Peter's Bird or Great to six or seven cars just to know. Thanks a pile. Have a good weekend. See ya. See ya. We all feel a lot safer now. Know that you guys out there are really doing your best to protect us from ourselves. We have an open line. It's on a green line 1-800-944-9463. I think we need to bring the least into the studio here. That's going to be our goal for this year. I think that's what we need to work on really hard is that we have him right here in the studio. Have him being the operative of the line in that sentence. Let's do candle. Hello. What's up Neil? How you doing sir? I just saw an entertainment tonight John Pech's uh the story was I think the Shenandoor he is posing for some uh magazine. Yeah another pose. Yeah. The true? I have no idea. If you were into 902 one now. Not at all you can me. Give me a breath. Oh yeah. You're a mellow's placement right? No. For about two episodes that's a boring show. The reason I wanted to call him pitch was about the nasty people. They're sitting there pitching about the service. We have an open line in date 7509463751 WIO date. Don't forget to join Chuck Meyer. Fat chuckle be there for the grand opening of pet stuff in Pemberp Pemberp Pines. 3 tomorrow at 8656 Pines Boulevard. Big Chuck is going to be over there. Don't confuse Chuck with the wall Russ he'll be sitting right next to it. Here's a Pemberp Pines. Hello. I think he meant they treated like crap. Neil. Chronic. Two open lines in date 751 one and a row at 5249463. Here's Davy. Hello. Hey how you doing? Okay. That guy is crazy. Which one? Both of them. Okay. And maybe they can allope together. The one who said crap on here in this last one who is just terminally chronic. I mean I hear his voice like in my in my coma after I die I'll still be hearing his voice. I think you can recognize it that bad. It would within like two words. He's just got a certain nauseating tone to his voice. Amazing. Yes. Friend of mine at a day was telling me that you have a you know enough a number for ticket ticket defense team or something like that. Right. Okay. I get that number for you. Yes. Thank you. One eight hundred. Okay. Got it. Yeah. 944. Okay. Team TEM. Oh. Isn't that the right number? Is that the right number George? 944 team. Take a defense team? No. 741. No. Oh crap. Well. 444 WIO. I just know what's the same. A lot of. 741 team. 1-800-741 team. No. Yeah. No way. Trust me. It is. I call them every other week. Oh like I said it 741. Is that what I told you? 741. Yeah. 1-800-741 team. Oh yeah. That's a couple. Well hey I had a couple of numbers. Right. What about you? One. It doesn't matter. When you get to be this old if you know your own guy damn phone number it's a miracle. All right. Thanks a lot. Yeah. Good luck. Well don't be it again. See you. Yeah. I was talking to you know how you get your credit cards in mail. I got one of those AT&T master cards and anytime you get new credit cards it's got that little strip on it you have to call in to verify to unleash the card to make sure that the wrong person didn't get them. They ask you your mother's maiden name and your shoe size and she says that what's your home address and I said uh good question. Now don't tell me you've never had that happen. Especially with your phone number because you don't call yourself well I mean if you know if you got a wife sitting at home or girlfriend or both that's a different story. When you live alone I mean unless the dogs are answering the phone you don't call your own house. So I've had that happen many times while I'm what's your phone number? I don't know. And then I'll have a sitting here this click like I need other items of the line. Here's Tampa. Hello. Look hey. Open line on the green line 100 800 741 team. Let's go to Delray Beach on the Starline. Welcome to the Shuffleboard tournament. Neil. Yes. Who is this? Yes. They're right. Hi. Yeah. We're going to start out with it like I did that one day at the beginning of the column it was an omen. It was a four board and boarding of things to come. It probably will be. No. There's a point on downtown which you never watch they had some make-up on bring some pest and he brought a uh someone. He brought a hedgehog onto the show. Yeah. And he says when they get scared or frightened or anxious and they look at him as he's talking he says what what I mean is that it's fine stand up. It's fine get erect. They said oh we're wondering what we're talking about. Good thing you're listening to pork you pine. Well the hedgehog is the relative of the pork right. Yeah. Like I said. I think that they get the wreck you just in their face. Uh yeah. Uh huh. I think they were trying to get to the camera to do that. They were trying to say his pricklers stand up on end. Exactly. Right. Can I say uh a couple of made you speak? Sure. Uh Charlie or Vietta or Vio's provisome or is a ponytail? Was. Is that the guy that sent me this thing? Yes he did. Thanks Charlie. Thank you stuff and uh he never mentioned on the air and I did mention at this morning. I sure is how did. What a douchebag. He is. Okay. And the department is got. Thanks. We have an open line in Broward 5241 on the Starline at Starrow D and of course pound IOD for that cell in a one line that'll get your right direct into the channel for newsroom still. In other words to make a long story short it is still connected that obnoxious smelly bitch. That cell either one has done not a goddamn thing about it and we consider and keep telling you people but until they do something in other words we have done everything I've checked this out thoroughly. I've screamed. I've hollered my carry down. I've talked to all the important people of the building which includes the janitor and uh we've done everything we can and that's it and the ball is in their hands and it's only the people that cellular one who are gonna either do it or not. So we're counting on that smelly bitch at cell in a one and she's not getting off her fat ass. I'm serious. I think that our cellular one people in the audience I'm sure we've got billions of from all both coast ought to be calling up cellular one and complaining and demand to talk to that smelly bitch uh one that's so responsible for the fact that we don't have it yet. That was good. I like to want to come. I had it on cue. Let me try to do that again. Wait a minute one moment please if it ever goes cue up again. God are we getting new car machines in here someday or what? That smelly bitch. That's good. 1248 at WIOD in WSUN. What the hell happened here? Somebody steal my other uh that glossy picture of that with the long here? I think Randy must have uh put her hands on it. His name is Alfredo Lewin. Not Timothy and we said when he called in. What? That Alfredo Lewin. There's a thing about Alfredo Lewin. Blah blah blah. There is? That's what he said. Because all I'm finding is there's uh there just goes on and on between the surreal screamer who writes in a weekend section of the Harold Nightlife about the Warsaw and the Paragon and its gay night and it said this and at that and there's a thing in here there's like two or three things. There's a picture of MTV Latino's days they point this with his gigantic hudders. God. I mean enormous with husband Timothy Adams left who's not all that bad. And then there's another line in here about uh let's see spotted on the beach. Ocean Drive magazines Ronnie Ramirez plus models Clifford Finn. MTV Latino's days they point this with trainer model husband Timothy Adams or high school sweetheart. I mean I got to read this whole god damn thing. Why couldn't he tell you what the page was? There is no picture where are those pictures we were supposed to see in here. About Fredo and his lovely wife with her beautiful beard and mustache. Let's do bokeh. Hello. Boca. What? How does he know? Hello. Hello. Hi. What was that? Oh that was my daughter I had her head on because I was on hold. Get that little girl off the phone. Get that belly bitch. It's real. Did I hear you say earlier that where they want to put the shuffleboard in at the McDonald's or that Delray? That's in Delray. The beach of course because that's right up their alley Sally. You know what they should do would be really funny. They change the menu instead of having the happy meal. They put the grilled chimille. The unhappy meal. Yeah and then instead of the toy they could put like a pen in there or diaper. You know what these disposable diapers. Yeah or like a two polydens. Wouldn't that be nice? I think they could drop it right in the soda for a little extra fish. That would be hysterical. That would fix them. Those yaps. I'll tell you. It's beautiful. The median age is 65. Do you understand what it means? How old the people have to be for the median age to be 65? My parents were approaching that age right now and my father came over to fix the sink last night. I have to share this with you and I've been pouring bleach down in the drain and I told him that when he takes the knuckle off under the sink. Yeah. I told him he might hiss flash with the bleach. You know, so he comes over where and his desk can and he takes the bottom. Now here's the man that's approaching that age. You know, takes the thing off and he completes all over his pants and then he made me write him a check for $20 to cover the price of the pants. Do you believe it? Yes, I do. I can idiot. I gave it to him. I don't blame him. I'll send him some McDonald's. There you go. Yeah. All right. Have a nice day. See you. Okay. Bye. 82 under the G. Bye. So I'm reading this party planner here in the weekend. Do they have anybody straight there reads this section or not? Saturday. Big night at Perigon, the megadans club with lots of cute muscle boys. Most clubs are status quo tonight. Oh, whatever the hell that means. But I don't find nothing about it. Now here's the flat black pussy cat and the finals for the Perigon $1000 talent show should be fun. Tiffany R. I guess M. C. Please. And here's Washington Avenue with DJ Mark Levinthall. But I don't see nothing in here about Alfred Oluen. I think this guy must have dreamed it. Oh, here it is. This is just incredible. Beach last minute cocktail party. Dini Kaplan, Ken Lorber and Ocean Drive magazines Wednesday, Sware at La Voir Rouge. The perfect mix of Miami, New York and LA spotted were Robin Leach, Viacom's Bob Altman and are you ready for this? MTV Latino VJ Alfredo Oluen with bride Christina. They married that morning. Oh. That just sends me into a Catatonic coma. Let's go to Pemberg Park, hello. Yes, I am. All right. Well, that's great. You know, I don't see how to plant receipts and you've surprised what they sprout into. I said, how you do? I guess I missed that one. Yeah, you missed it. So I've played about the first time I heard you. Yeah, I was going down the 95 in the corporate truck at AM radio and somebody was monitoring you. And so I got turned on then. You were listening, but they were marching. Yeah. And. And. Yeah, my bad. I did my best. Okay, nice try. Not bad. No chance. We have an open-minded, Broward 524 and one on the Sterline, Sterlido, the next time it'll be a lot better. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, new. Yeah, nice to hear you. But I can get in here from it. I want you to do my favor. Okay. Look, I want you to, if you have the time, play the blue tender. No chance. No chance. Okay, do me one more thing. Okay, what's the other one? Oh, this plays this. Any Friday? Play one? It's Friday. You're best. Oh. Yeah, play that a couple of times. Yeah, like it. You like it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Friday. You best. You like it? That's just late. Okay. And that's, too. Okay, go get a towel and we'll see you. We have an open line of date, 751, one in Broward 524. See, I should have just stuck with my music. Okay. I mean, they ran out of material about quarter after 12. And I like it like an idiot. I made just some passing comment. And since this week, they seem to be like really hyperactive and involved. They like all of the sight of the call again. Why I have no idea. Here's Boca. Hello. My God. Welcome in or what? Evidently, the real-hey ship, a ship and for the weekend. Just a ride. Let me tell you. You don't have to think that you put in the happy meals that the drive through with that dough, right? Uh-huh. Do a side machine. There you go. Doctor, Jack's McDonald's would be good. Yeah, really. Your last meal is the best one. I heard this morning on your morning show that the and the guilt have been sex with the animals again. The sound like it. And that. You haven't that show again. That thing. Yeah. Zoom. Yeah, we just got through talking about that for about four hours yesterday. Oh, I'm sorry. That's okay. Do you play that color? We should lose it. Yes, we have. Okay. More Panthers on TV. I feel like I got to say the game is selling out. Yeah, what? You know, they keep talking about, well, they added those games to the schedule. The only game that I know they added was the Pittsburgh game the other night. Another net. What happened? Uh, I think that was already on my schedule. No. It wasn't? No, I don't think so. Well, I'll leave a little bit of this black encounter. Oh, yeah. Yeah, it was on there. It was already on there. So it other words they lied to us. They lied. That wasn't that was where we're going to be on. Yeah. No, they're not going to add anything. They're just giving us a song at a dance at so. Next year, they better do a lot better with that. They should promote. They can still have that new stadium. There you go. Oh, well. See ya. Bye. Okay. These this last 40 minutes is so this has been probably the most exciting of my radio career. We have an open line in date, one in Broward, one on the green line at 1741 team. 1-800-944-9463. Last hour, all music. Oh, it was the debut gravy line. Smelly pitch. Here's talk radio's 610-WIOD presents the Neal Roger show to talk with Neal dial 751-WIOD from date in Broward 524-WIOD outside the 305 area code toll-free 1800-944-WIOD and bell-south mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star-IOD. Now, the Neal Roger show on new stock radio's 610-WIOD. Hi, this is Ron McGill from Miami Metro Zoo. And I listen to that Neal Roger's 1-2 hour. Hell, let's even better than 6 with the animals. Oh, come on in. Where am I? I'm Decta. Come on, DC. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. How about some line in the middle? Come on. Come on. Come on. We're now free to one in lovely wife. Chris, Tina. Maybe it's Christopher. While hey listen, the ghost of show you don't judge a book by her cover. Here's a mobile in Miami. Wait a minute. Oh, I just knocked somebody off their end date. Crap, hello. Hell, wow, Neal. Yes. How it's like a double-chew burger and no-fent fries because they're too high to chew. Uh-huh. Not really, seriously. There's a big wreck on a palm bed of your goal. What's giving me something really soft? Ha ha ha. Yeah. I got some really soft for me, yes? But that's another story. Listen, there's a big wreck on the palm bed of over turn toilet or every guy's portrait. Everywhere. Where is this? Pumbo and. Just out of the golden blade. Oh, Jesus. The whole road will be shut down. Your new northbound or southbound? I will. That gets a southbound, but it's really west before the curve. You know, right off of the golden blade. Right. Northwest. Westbound. Your traffic is a crack ace home, like usual. You know what I mean? Ain't gonna eat, like. It's all I got to say. Don't take the palm bed or westbound. Thanks, a pile. Okay, there you go. Covering yourselves accordingly. We have an open line in date. I got to stop but dragging this quarter round here. It's driving me nuts. And what had brought 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3. Like I said, we got lots of music prepared just in case. Good stuff. Here's South Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay. I had there one of the comment on you. Had a question on the weekend section about the paragon and work hall. Yes? What is that? When it's that because on Saturday night, Paragon, worst thought is a straight club. You know, for the straight people who have a problem with going in, when it's a gay club. Right. Those who would like to pretend to be those who were in Ewing in there, right cheek. For both ears. Yeah. But yeah, that's Saturday night. That's a cafe for right day with just a straight club. You know what I think of places like that? I don't know. There are a lot of my think it is the most nauseating pile of crab. What do you mean? What do you mean? I just don't go for that. I think that it reminds me of where they're back street and for a lot of the day. Right. And then they turned it like you do like a half and a half and a half and some nights. And then like all the straight guys came in there and they started going into the tea rooms and hanging their things out at the urinal. And they got all upset because the queens were like a cruise in them there and they started having fist fights and then they closed the whole goddamn thing up. Let all the straight people stay in there spot. Let all the queens stay in there spot. And all the ones who are on the side of like hovering between. Right. Well usually what they do is they wind up opening up at the straight club and see that they don't really make any money and let they make it a gay club. Right. But they make it the gay club for the time. Then they have to pacify the straight people that make it like five minutes of the week for them. Right. So that's the deal of the paragon really is the only club on the beach on a Saturday night. It's mega club that's the gay on that. But it says big night at Paragon Saturday the mega dance club with lots of cute muscle boys. Right. Saturday is Paragon and everybody else like work for us. Straight. Paragon is gay. Oh I see. So. So another is you need a road map. Well you know these queens are back and forth. And all they really care about is you know the shortest distance between Paragon and worst on they don't really care about anything else. Yeah. That's the deal. I got news for you from what I've seen down in an area I wouldn't carry their believe me. Well it's like you know say everyone comes down here and you know and and you know as far as the community and helping the community and center one and everything like that. They don't care about that all day. Want to know the shortest distance between a two part than live in that little guy. What is the shortest distance? I know there's my brother's a dancer there and he dances between the club. Yeah. What do you mean he dances between the clubs? He's back and forth. He's back and forth. He does the old back and forth. Right. Okay. Listen remember when you went to Rome that time you had that part with the bower that the girl with the chest hair, Dave. Yeah. You still have that? Sure. Can you play that you think? I might just might be able to grab it. And the car too. Say hi to your brother. Yeah. I will. You might be on the weekend though. He does one. You might just on the weekend. I'll bet. Okay. Okay. Now. See ya. Right. Which up? Open line of day. 7. 5. Open line of day. 7. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 4. All the queens all the time. It's one 13 at WIO D in WSUN. The girl with the chest hair. Beverly is a wholesale diamond distributed that eliminates the middle man and sells direct to you the pubic. And their staff of knowledgeable gemologist can assist in selecting the perfect diamond and the ideal setting at the guaranteed lowest price. Beverly's can sell for less because most of their jewelry is made run in the premises by quality craftsmen. And by the way guys, if you're not quite ready for that big commitment like Alfredo, Beverly has a great selection of heart charms and lots of other great jewelry items too. And you can watch the make it too and the jewelry. For your Valentine come to Beverly's jewelry superstar in Pembroke Pines, one and a half miles west of university drive on Pines Boulevard or their great new Megastore at 3600 West Commercial Boulevard just a half mile east of prestigious state road 7. What's a succession with hokey? My name is Igor O'Henry, I'd like you to know. Everywhere I go, I hear Neil Rogers' hall. Young never nice to be. They bear their chest to me. There's just one problem. They don't show the rest of me. I am very happy. It's been this country and the new vehicles of the Neil Rogers' hall. It's the Neil Rogers' hall. All the Neil Rogers' hall. Happy birthday, Miriam. Miriams here for a little trim. It's the birthday trim day. And she's celebrating her 20th birthday today. Isn't that sweet? It can't be that much more than that. 27. Nine? What do you laugh at the Bible? How many? Not 30. No way. 30? You know how many it is? And George gave us some beautiful pansies that he dug himself right out of his neighbor's ground. Nice going. We have an open line in date, 751, one and a broadward, five, two, four. Here's a mobile in the cable. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. How's it going today? It's a great time. Well great. Have we heard about this hearting, carigan thing that it was, man? What do you mean have we heard about it? I mean heard enough about that. Yes, she. Yes. But when you say one more thing. Yes. Heaven. Heaven. Don't you think she really represents the American lifestyle as it's become? Yes. Yeah. Just beat the crap out of your opponent. That's what I'm going to do. Can I get her a seat with that please? Yeah, give her a receipt. Can you please, you stupid bitch. Hey, can I call somebody a douchebag? Yeah. Anyone who's ever worked at Aerocom Electronic, especially Fernando. Okay. Thanks for having a good weekend. You too. We have an open line in date to in broads. How is this field of B25 Miriam? She says it feels great. And the birthday too. George gave like a little extra birthday grab ass to Miriam. That's the only reason she's in here today because I don't really need to her cut that bad. Do I? Not bad. Hey, do you look? Are we doing this? A little curly things. Those are the wrong kind of hairs, Miriam. Anyway, where are we going next to? Boca. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Oh my god. What? I've done the phone for an hour. Well, it's been well worth it. What the hell is she going to do on a crappy day like this? Nothing. I'm just laying on my bed looking at the ceiling. Yeah. Anyway, hey, what's going on? What can we do for you sir? I want to hear some of that arrow, man. What? What did you say, Miriam? You don't like arrow Smith? What? Miriam doesn't like arrow Smith. I can't believe it. Hey, I want to work with the service part. Oh my god. Yeah, I don't like this chair. You don't like this chair? Why not? She doesn't like the chair. She doesn't like arrow Smith. You don't like anything. And it's her goddamn birthday. She does like Luis Miguel. Here we are. She's a good birthday spanking. Yeah, that's it. There you go. George said he's going to administer it to right after the show. And the spanking too. Hey, baby, pointess is a god. Okay. Okay. I'll say hi. I'll give Alfredo a big kiss for you. Try caught some of these back. Yeah. We have an open line on the green line. 1-800 and the two and a broad word. 5-2-49463. 5-2-4. W-I-O-D. There's Adam who's ready for you, Miriam. He said he's going to give you good spanking too. Well, you're going to have the reddish cheeks when you live here. Leave here. Stand in line out of him. Yeah. The line forms at the rear. Let's do our break. Okay, because I'm speechless at this point. I'm getting dizzy. What am I getting dizzy from? Probably from that. Too much of that pizza. It was very good though, Papa John. And I think that the needle gets to get around in a plus for buying lunch for everybody today. 25 bucks out of my own heart. Takes me at least like 20 seconds to make that. Oh, you're strange today, Miriam. She is really strange. She must have cut. You took drugs before you got here. Yeah, we know the ship and got in. Did I say 21 after one at W-I-O-D and W-I-S-U-S? You went speaking of hair. Our good buddy Charles Alphiari is here in South Florida. I should probably get him to do up here, you know what? No. Yeah, do. Yeah. You can. She don't seem to impress what she's basically is saying is in your case it really ain't going to make too much difference. You old fact. That's what she's basically saying. I did not. That's exactly what you were thinking. Old ugly out of touch with reality and useless and hopeless. Probably right. But anyway, for those of you who still may have a little hope and little bald spot, Charles Alphiari is pramabond method can to do it for you because it'll make your hair replacement just like your own hair. It feels like your own hair. It's the right color, the right texture. You can run anybody's fingers through it even your own and you won't know the difference. You can swim. You can ride it in a convertible. You can play grab ass with merium and nobody will know that it's not your real hair. And best of all, you've got absolutely nothing to lose but that bald spot because the Charles Alphiari system comes with a full money back guarantee. It starts at just 800 bucks. And if you try it for 30 days and you're not ecstatic, then just return it for a full refund no problem. You've got the phone and call. It'll send you that free brochure. You'll find their studios on Brickle Avenue in Miami and on North Federal Highway in Fort Lauderdale. Charles Alphiari and his great hair for the 90s called 1-800-321-2413. That's... What is a banana paul? Neil? What is a banana paul? Neil? Yeah. Hey, it's banana paul, man. That's what I just said. What's that? Sorry, man. I'm listening to the radio. I gave you a book at the hockey game a couple months back. George Pmenton. It's called... Oh yeah. Open net. Did you read it yet? Yeah, the one with all the yellow brown, the brown pages. Yeah. Are they? Well, about 500 years old. Did you read it? No, because every time I turn the page they crumble. Oh well. Like taparists. It's a funny virus. Neil? I'm at Tech your word for you. Jesse Bellange. God. Yeah. They're going to kick ice tonight. I sure hope so. This is a mighty tense game for us tonight. This is like... We went and I were really in the drawer driving it. I'm sure we'll see a lot of the bills fans there and their bills are tired. I don't think so. I don't think so. I think they've all gone into a hibernation for the winter. Hi, here you are. Neil, one more thing. Yeah. How about these Dallas Cowboys front running phony is now. Everybody is wearing a Cowboys hat. Okay, but I'm in a policy. We'll see it tonight. We'll see it. Yeah. Like I said, Jesus, since 2015, what they'll happen to all of us, a son, man, I guess they didn't have quite enough to stretch out for the rest of the week. Why did not just run by man instincts and play the goddamn music? God. We haven't...no seriously, in an hour and ten minutes, we haven't spoken anybody who has had anything to say. Absolutely, positively, nothing. So, enough to make your ears stand up on end. Oh, sorry, Scotty. We have an open line in date, 751 and 2 and Broward, 524-9463. Here's Tarpid Springs, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Do you have anything to say? Oh, maybe. Okay, I hope so. I thought the Panthers Lightning game. Yeah. I thought Panthers were just hoaxed, but I tell you what they kick ass. Yeah. I'm thinking of converting here. Well, what does that mean? You're thinking of converting. Well, the Lightning suck. They haven't done anything. But you live over there. Don't be a front running phony. Don't just start backing whatever team is winning on a given day. What kind of crap is that? I can't win. Yeah, okay. Good luck. I don't want to talk to you. So you make me nauseous. God, do I hate that? Not as he just want to suck around. Oh, I'm going to be a Panther fan. Because our team will be here sucks. Suck this. Okay, pal. God. I have never seen so many wishy-washy people, so many walking vegetables in this state. From coast to coast. They're like the will of the whisp. Well, we just can't win. Okay, great. How about the football? Let's just eliminate football. Because neither one of our pro teams can win when it counts. Let's just blow them both out. Where are we going? Miami, I'm a starline. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? Okay. I have something to say. With Toyota Jackson. Yeah, she's a smelly bee word. But have you heard that Shannon Dirty, the latest guy in the past? Yeah. Yeah. Who cares? Well, I thought maybe you should do it. But I guess not. Okay. We'll take up any more of your time. Okay. Who cares. And we just heard about that 45 minutes ago, sir. Nobody cares except a bunch of a hoarny guys who have no lives in Can't get laid. Nobody cares. God. She's going to pose in play. Boy, that's fine. All the 12 year old boys out there can reach out under their mattress. They're getting playboy magas. You know, why did you go out this weekend and be a man, sir? Aren't you going out there to the Warsaw. I'm sorry, the pericone. I got it right. I can't keep those straight. Anyway, we have an open line and day. Do you don't know how afraid it would do you? Miriam. How afraid it? Alfredo from Latino MTV. Okay. Because he just got married. Where are we going next? I wish to hell. I would have left here like a 1 o'clock like I told myself too. Here's palm harbour. Hello. Are you doing Neil? Okay. I just wanted to ask you a couple questions real quick. Yeah. Would you ever consider going back up to Boston and doing some radio up there? No. For what? Because you're better up there than you would be better up there than all these people. Nobody makes any money up there. They don't pay anybody any money up there. I understand that. But you're worse for than talking all these bombs. The only one who makes any money up there is any handled. He's making a lot of money doing a sports thing and nobody else makes serious money up there. Even Jerry Williams has been on here for a hundred years and making serious money up there. Yeah. I love Boston but between a crappy weather and a crappy money. And not only that but you've got to make at least three times as much up there by the time they get through taking all the taxes out. Oh my god. By the time you get through you can't afford even to go to Joe and Nemos. You can't do anything. No. Well anyway. That's basically the one that I wanted to ask you to want to bother you. But I was listening to one of your rerun blasts made out of four o'clock at the morning. Yeah. Okay. Um. A little four o'clock at the morning I heard you. Wait. Why were they playing one of my reruns at four o'clock this morning? Well what they do is at one two. I believe it's one to four or whatever it is. They play brick and studs and then you and then they start the morning show. What's wrong and run again? What? They do. I listen to it every night. How many hours of my shit. Oh this has got to be ridiculous. They've got to get in. That means I'm on for nine hours a day over there. Yeah. Yeah. They play you play. Woo. I'm feeling it. You want to take a little one. This is that the birthday girl going on. That was the birthday girl going on. That was the birthday girl. Yeah. I'm a great day pal. Hey, we're quick. Yeah. Like I was saying, I was listening to you when you read the um. Yeah. I do you read my amy high school. One of the tasks the first question to the task. Yeah. Do you still have that? Yeah. Could you read that real quick? No. Send me an envelope. I'll send you a copy of it. All right. Okay. Sing a bye. Hey. They played Randy from 2 to 6 in the morning. Yeah. He don't know what he's talking about. They play Randy from 2 to 6 in the morning. Which how come they're doing that? They play the afternoon show. Whatever that may be. I thought Rick and Suds were all can anybody make up their mind around his God. They're in place. What is the deal with that? I thought Rick and Suds as the first of February. We're pulling the plug on WSUN. That was the last thing that I heard. Now what's the story? When they come back on Monday, assuming that they're coming back. When they come back on Monday, what is the story? What are they going to run there overnight? It sure is not going to be them. No, it's not. That means that they're not going to be able to play ACN just for the, that's not right. That is not right. In other words, Rick Rally is a pervericator and a freakin' liar. Is that what you're saying to me? It's not Rick Rally. It's somebody else. Who is it? The management issue and his decided that they're going to wait till, find out what we're doing before they decide what they're doing. What does that have to do with playing if they play ACN? They can't put it on the air. They're not going to be playing ACN. Why not? Because they're going to be playing the tape back on issue end. Well, I say Rick Rally is a major pussy is what I say. No, I'm serious. Don't you understand if, if I weren't on over there, lie. And I've got eight years worth of the whole ACN library and all the stuff that's in that rack that seems to have disappeared out of here because you're, they're playing it over there. And they said to me, well, don't play on the ACN till we just have one. We're going to, I'd say suck my butt is what I would say. Real fast and real hard. God, Almighty, you've got to be kidding me. That Rick Rally is only one thing to say about him. Smelly bitch. Exactly. What a pussy. Why doesn't he put his foot down for once in his life? It's, hey, it's off. It's over. Adios cut the abilico god damn cord and goodbye. And find some other garbage to put on there. Can you imagine how many people are listening to WSU went between one and five in a morning? You could put him in this room here and have room for the Chinese army left over. And that fat ass, Salinsky, he could stick him in there too. My god, you've got to be kidding me. Thanks, Miriam. And have a happy birthday. But I think he got some hair in my throat. And no extra charge. Thanks. You look really nice today, Miriam. Didn't she look extra nice today? Where's your one? I think George is holding a back. He's holding some for you in there. Real sharp and real short. Must be your keys. 135 in WSU. And WIO, D and WSU in. Well, after a great haircut like that, after a sensational trim. Time for a little snapple. And Cheryl promises me that Steve Perris once he gets back from our 45 days seminars is going to get on the stick with our new snapple distributor. Whoever that may be, because I love the diet, true root beer, the diet snapple. It's really good, but I've been drinking it for about the last seven years now. It's getting a little bit old, you know? That's why I'm just Jones and for some of my real brood ISTs, like those orange lemon. Why do I keep calling at that? Original lemon and orange and raspberry and diet raspberry, which is the very, very best that's ever been invented by anybody. And cranberry and mint and peach and fruit drink flavors like lemonade and pink lemonade and orange aid and kiwi strawberry cocktail and grape-ed and fruit punch and pink grapefruit cocktail. And soda flavors like cherry lime ricky and passion supreme and peach melba and French cherry and true root beer. And on and on. So not only is it all natural and made from all the good stuff, not only does it taste great, but all the snapple beverages coming all a whole line of great neat flavors that you won't find any place else. Get the snapple habit and pick some up at 7-11 and Walgreens and Albertsons and Freddy's and Pizza Loft and offer dolls and sunnys. I'm sorry, and Doris meets and just about every place. Get the snapple habit and get on Perris's ass too. Good, W.I.O.D. let's do West Palm on the Sterline. Hello. Neil? Yes sir. I got a little beef with George. A little beef? Yeah. George has a little beef that's what Miriam said and that's why she left in a hurry. They had a promo last week stating, Come meet George Rodriguez Neil Rogers produce. Yes. Like he's a talent. I mean what is this? He's a talent. Compared to most of the people in this building, he's a major talent. Trust me. Let me say that if you're going up on me three times and keep calling back and I kept putting him to the top of the list of, you could get on the air and say this. You could get on and rip him and he could put you on the top of the list. So you'd come out of rip his ass. If he's not a major talent, why are you wasting your time talking about him? And did you come and meet him? Sir? He cut himself off. Another one of those guys. He just cut himself off. What an asshole. Sound like when a Drew's boyfriend's to me. We have an open line in day, 7.5. One, two, and brawler. He's not going to be on the air again this weekend, is he? I had a major conversation with our program director yesterday. Part of which most of which, of which, of course, is like off the record. But part of which I'd be more than glad that I've evolved, which had to do with Drew's e-mikers and the fact that this child doesn't belong on the air here or any place else. And this man insists beyond a shadow of a doubt that this is a talent to which I have to like scratch my head and my ass and wonder what the hell is man? What kind of drugs he's on and where he's sticking he's a guy that he's handed out? I mean, what are he, what are he talking about? But line was that on. Did he just like disappear? He kept dropping off and calling back, where do you keep putting it up on me? And I kept putting him back. Because you got to screw it up, phone asshole. You faggot. Let's go to, uh, bokeh. Hello. This is more like a dead, okay, you suck. Eat with your knee, look. Oh, can't, don't can't, we can't, we can't, we can't, we can't. We can't, we can't, we can't, we can't, we can't, we can't. Uh! Thale, go, go, go, it's good, I'm cold. You're poor, we might drag white. Oh, I... Death's my K-U-A-L-X, let's go, see your puppy better soon. Good, it's tight. Death's my K-U-Suck. Let's, in with ear knee, look. Oh! Who can you will book your test in my game? Oh, my, you man. Thank you, baby. Beautiful. That was a beautiful thing. But as far as that last part, I'll leave it to Drew, okay? It's right up his alley. Let's try a candle. Hello. Oh, my God, the tummy. What the hell was that? Hello. Hello. Was that your radio I'm listening to? No, I don't know what happened. It just got kind of weirdly cut off. Oh. Hey, listen, I got what's going on on his phone all of a sudden here. Man, since 1215, there's something going on over here. What happened? I don't know. Beats a crap out of me. Really? Listen, I got a scoop for you, bro. Mm-hmm. I got a scoop for you. I have a friend. Yeah. And his father is going to open a club in Mexico, right? See? And it turns out, I guess, to the opening act, it's going to be. Oh! How many guesses do I get? You get one. I always meet God, you're a God, baby. And guess you can get to Ticket. Yeah, right. Where is this going to be? Anacapuco? Monterey. Monterey. Monterey. Monterey. Monterey? Monterey. Yeah. And Luis is going to be there in Monterey? Absolutely. And there's going to be a bunch of other famous people too. And you're going to get me tickets to it? I can, if you want. I love you, sir. Are you interested? Yes. See? See? Monterey. Woo! Listen, I'm not going to do. I'm going to hook up with this guy this weekend and call you back on Monday. Okay. Is that cool? I can't. I'm going to close my eyes now and it'll be Monday. Hey, listen, can I call somebody? Do you speak? See? Dad, for president of the University of Miami, you are a spirit-chucking tuition-raising price-hiking douchebag. Yes. Okay. Take it easy. Ask the cameo of it. Lay it later. How do you like that? As my Luis Miguel connections are all starting to fall into place. So to speak. It's falling into place. 146 in W-I-O-D and W-S-U-N. So what can we tell you about traffic that you don't owe? Guys, there's still like three or four of those people after Ron. That's great. Yeah, definitely. This one, to no. I know the coc sticks. It's just proper. Don't like spending money, but I hope you're getting kickbacks. We're not all your reruns your own station. Meaning why? I'd get any kickbacks. No, I'm not. Advertisers are enough. No, what advertisers? We don't have any advertisers over there. That's a joke. Well. Advertisers. Just wondering. Why what are you talking about? Well, you know, every time you're on the air, you should begin. Should begin something. Like, well, what? When are you talking about? Well, you know, like, let's say you hear in Tampa, six to eight. Yeah, your first rerun. Right. And then, I'll listen to that one. Then midnight to two. I'll really kick a lot of people call and they say, but here you're all the time. But it's like, you know, you better. Hey, I got this one with a big box I'm making from S.U.W. and I have no problems. Okay. But all the money that station's paying me, I haven't got to cure in a world. That's wanting to make sure, it's closing your left college. Jerch it. See, you know, it's just so obvious. It's really, really pains me. These old be calls that come in from over there. The one starts stirring up a bunch of crap. Oh, yeah, he's left over. He sounds like a real Y and F list. They're done. Sounds like the grandpa of one of our Y and F list is number one. And number two, he wants to start stir up because he heard that earlier call. So he assumes now he can start a whole big bunch of crap. And then number three, he wants to stick somebody's name on here. Start slander and some crap. Pan you're about to settle. Let's have one thing about those dirty pictures. And all that great stuff that open in all those from FLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL