Two lights and just a couple of moments that the York Hill Commissioner Gary Bethany is going to respond to the fire in the social media. Yesterday promised with us this year. Last night the N.A. told the Board of Governors decided to defer a decision on better or not to accept people's proposal on the fire of the association. What do we have to do? Well that is doing it right. But everyone associated with the lead, especially the people up here in May want to both season. And in that context, the fire of the association is offered possibly to pick away seductive. Yes. So, however, however, we are concerned that there is a knock-down however. And that can't be ignored. This is a lead with profound economic problems. Yes. This is not just an issue of big market and small market. That's a part of it for the market. Most people are not really profitable. Over the last four years, this lead has gone from a collective process to a substantial collective loss. In addition, there is a concern about the willingness of the players association to negotiate this settlement. We've been 16 months of this process and obviously we're not in a position to afford a deal. In addition, the players association refused to meet with us for five months from March and for the government. Of course, the players association would be happy with the status quo. Over the last four years, salaries are tripled. Salaries, the team players on the contract last year to this coming year, increasing it over 60%. Over the last five years, the revenue over the last four years, the clubs have paid out a dollar for teams in players' salaries. So, unless the players have prepared to negotiate for settlement, simply agreeing to the no strike pledge in playing for the year, we'll only defer the inevitable and exacerbate the problem. Excessor bait this, you pose a result what we are doing, the board of governors. What are you doing, Buds? Crapheads. We are going through reconfigures that together to provide for our total 15 stocks for a full 84 game season with playoff that will conclude in June. So, let's try to avoid the players' associations back to the bargaining table immediately to begin intensive negotiations for a breaching and agreement. As a result of those efforts, we hope to be in a better position prior to our COVID-19, either to have a deal or to know that there is substantial good-based negotiations going on so that a deal is possible. I have called Bob Goodman out this morning and advised him of our intentions and I asked him to get back to me as promptly as possible so that we could begin negotiations. But again, our goal is to be in a position to know better whether or not to accept the no strike offer by the 15 or preferably to have a deal. While I have been acting as the leading negotiator for the league, I have been doing it with the advice and consent of all of the teams that will manage the level of governors ordered. Many of them are here with me today and they will be free to answer questions that you may have when they go back to their teams and their markets, they will be free to answer questions that you may have as well. But before we open this session for questions, three of the people here have asked for an opportunity to speak to you and Jerry J. from the Boston Berlin for the offer. Thank you, Jerry. Thank you for the opportunity. Hey, Clim both gathered. Well, I'm going to go to the audio service. Okay, so there's the deal. We, you know, they're not playing until the 15th. They're going to try to start the 15th by the 14th game schedule. They're going to go into a heavy duty negotiations. They're either going to accept the thing and negotiate while they're starting or they're not or they're, that's it. And they're all sitting around there with a long post, especially my buddy Cliff Fletcher from the Toronto Maple Leafs. Whereas Bill Tory is that that face fart up there. The one that got Bob Essence for the red wings that they're trying to dump with this one point two million dollar salary now. Mr. Hotshot. That can't even sign a number one draft pick. So there's a chance. Okay, not that bad. It could be a lot worse, right? All right. So to watch, Mr. Cosen, all these people are getting very very upset with me. That's too bad. Hello. Hello. Yes. Come on. You're in unbelievable. There's Jeremy E. J.C. from the Bruins. I'm sure you know him. So, he's looking. No further anything. I got the phone for you. I'll talk to him. What did you say? I said no fucking up. Oh, no, sucking. I've heard that no fucking. He's a little plan to a hockey layoff. Okay, here it is. But a couple weeks, they may be doing it. I'm calling it a bad time. I know because you upset about the hot. I'm so a sidel man. I'm just we had three games in five days. We're just going to start off the homies with a bang here. We're going to have some excitement in this time. It's our second year of the greatest sport in the world. And right off the bat, everything waiting touches turns to cramp. Well, let's do it. It turned to go for him and to cramp for all the rest of us. That's the deal. It turns to go ahead. All right, ready? I'm ready. Call in the you on the radio. Try to win the trip to Buffalo. The season is the year and the time is right. To stick it to Buffalo. We stuck it to the Patriots. And to the Packers to now. So get them crazy, Jack. Yeah, we need as marino. Boy can he throw and our defense kick but to. We'll see the helmet fire. Mark Leigh D. Cryin when we stick it to Buffalo. Oh, I'm going my under way just as long. Get me there. Come on. Meals help me get a life. Send a Cuban boy up there to fight up in Buffalo. Jack asked. Beautiful job, Charlie. Great job. You're done. Okay, we have an open line today. There's Dave Johnson. He said the track. He says they're countestretch. They come and just give you the cash. There's a guy who don't have to worry about where his next meal is coming from. Put on the way down there. I guess what he got all that money. It's not easy to stop eating. It's a top of the sector one. And of course, the like I said, the, yeah, I don't know how the audio was on the year. Because I was like in the middle of a see I'm the eternal optimist. Even though people think I'm a pessimist, I'm optimistic even when there's no chance. I think around you know, there's still breathing. There's still a chance. If there's still a lot of maybe I can touch it. But, you know, he said the 15th. They want to get the whole thing in there and he looked like he met it. Which means he's probably lying through his teeth. He looked devious and sneaky to me. He looks like Tom Denberg on a bad day. I'll tell you that right now. Here's a little brown jug from Delaware, Ohio, Roger Houston is screaming and peeping and yelling and look at that hanging on by a thing. So anyways, 113 at Wild. The paybone challenge news from around the planet can a lot more. It's Rick and Sus, we day morning. It's right here. The guy on the aisle. Oh, much, Brian, no, come on. Here at this busy manufacturer, we've secretly replaced the regular coffee with the rich full-flavored taste of pimp. Let's listen in to see if anyone's noticed the difference. Oh, no, help! The coffee! Hey, you with the microphone! You're coming for the clubbing! I'm telling you, my friend! I'm kidding, I'm not gonna talk to you all new. You're a pimp flavor. So good you can serve it anytime anywhere. So, the next time you want a full rich, slightly pungent cup of coffee, fill it to the rim with new, mountain groin, European flavor from national coffee. Personally, season by one bald as a meal, European flavor. Good to the last drip. Once seven takedown in their already my guide, you've been so hysterical in their dates and miracle we even do a show here today. Okay, in the next ten or minutes or so, we may, we may get another contender or two, otherwise really doubt it. We'll just kill some time, and then we'll like narrow it down, and we'll call it back like right at one thirty, or thereabouts, and then we'll let you know we just had a give it to. And they get trip to. Spend kind of interesting watching people like Ben and Gravel and suck around, and make up stories and just do almost anything and dehumanize themselves, which I think is pretty good to indicate about human nature's all about. Here's plantation on the storyline, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I just gotta say something that, yeah. People are wine in their telly, tar, stories, why they should go to Buffalo. I got something I'm mad about, man. You know what it is? What's that? This guy's everything that that Wayne touches. Turned to Trump. Yeah. Turned to a big ball, Jemoni, and his pocket, turns to a big hemroyed in our butt. That's what it turns to. He's a pun. He wasn't what my account, but first they have to solve the Rangers' maths work on. They saw this whole thing coming. Right. I'm mad. I don't know what I'm going to do with all my hockey tickets. But I tell you one thing, I'm not going to buy a dolphin ticket at Joe Robby Stadium. A Sally Setswood Bay. Yeah. But I would not be good to Buffalo because I want to see the dolphins who I love. Get some buffalo butt. All right. Have a good trip. We have an open line on the Sterlide and Steril D. And let's do a cross-prings, huh? Hello, brother, Raja. Yeah. Reven, screw them all. I want to save your lives. I want you to receive in your pocket and grab it. And that too. Yeah. And give it here, brother, because I need to go up there and save my phone. Okay. Grab it, brother. We have an open line if you can find it in Broward, 5 2 4 9 4 there's that fat Chris Lincoln man. He just makes me sick. He is the biggest pile of turd. And remember a couple of years ago he was telling everybody he was losing so much weight. I think he was wearing the lighter jacket. This is what it was that day. He lost about two ounces. And they got all this horse racing stuff on here now, which, you know, as much as I make sure it's a little brown jug, which is great. But it's old news. It's all had. They should be back on an entire press conference. If they were a real sports network, which they are not. They had that special thing. They cut it there for the. And as soon as the fraud from Quebec came on, you notice they cut out of it. Is that thing still on by the road? A date of November 50. Because it's still at 20 a time to go to the playoffs. The only reason you gave it the time, then, was you said you didn't want the fans to have the spend money on a season that may not come to a conclusion because of a player's right. Yesterday, clearly, the players removed that possibility. Whereas, result on a half is the thing with the confidence. Check it to on. Well, no, the press. The second. The fact is that we can still get in a full stick. We can then empty. We can be doomed. Oh, I'm an 84-day Margotist, we pay a Yale off. We are trying to grant fans to everything possible to preserve the season because everyone up here will tell you there are some profound issues that have to be dealt with and just putting them off doesn't address the problem. You tell. It was all what we're knowing to try and do is you pay cash cash off on your offer of good faith, bargaining, and do it now. And if it's too weak to firm and to the price we pay, then I think we'll have to be very well in the process. And it will also give us an opportunity to understand better their pledge of an most right commitment in the context of good faith negotiations. And because obviously, if we find ourselves in the same position in year from now, because we haven't been able to negotiate with the settlement, then we haven't advanced the process. Okay, killing. So I still say they are the ones that created this whole thing, this whole night Mary, they keep out bidding and keep all KWG3 million, we'll give you six million, we'll give you seven million. And I guess what we're losing money, we're pissed off, we're going to go out of business. Well, who the hell's fault is that? You idiots? In other words, we got a bunch of guys saying they're basically pretty crappy businessmen, and they're putting the card ahead of the horse, and they're so greedy and so jealous and trying to make more money than everybody else, but they think they can do it by spending more money. And when it doesn't work out, oh, gee, we're losing money. Well, tough crap. I don't see the ticket prices coming down. I saw our ticket prices grow up six bucks in our seats, is what I saw. I got to give you a soggy piece of cheesy crap there, they called a piece of pizza for it's two and a half three bucks. My dog would have laughed at him and he wouldn't, he wouldn't have taken a dump on it, that's how bad that, he wouldn't have gotten that close, that's what a joke that thing was. And they just keep going, oh, you want a soda here, that's only four bucks for a nice, this small soda in a little cup of no ice or lots of ice. See, lots of ice here, and ice to charge. I'm serious, you could pee in that cup and have room left over for the Chinese army. That's the kind of stuff they give you and that's the joint. Oh, sure, only eight bucks. Want to beer here, give me a 50. Anyway, I'm getting all excited, I'm getting worked up and there's nothing I can do about it. I'm doing the best I can, I'm trying to promote good stuff, I'm trying to create a little stuff in another wise, very dead head place, and it just fits impossible because we got a bunch of grave robbers here. They're running a whole goddamn world, and I'm telling you right now that monster rewinds for free just don't ever forget it. One, twenty-two at WD, and speaking even better than that, have you ever noticed that when you go to rent certain kinds of videos at certain kinds of stores? Not to mention any names or talk about popping zits, that you just can't find the movies you really want to find at certain kinds of goody two-shoes stores? Well, guess what? Now, you can find whatever to have you want, including stuff you never even knew existed because they were keeping it a secret, announcing video search of Miami. You want excitement, you want to fund just because they're seeding the clouds building you have to go to certain places and write their crappy videos. Call up video search of Miami, they'll say they're can't log in, got over 10,000 films, sexy films, action, horror, blood, guts, on-cut versions of American films that you never knew were even on a market. That's right, and across is only 25 bucks for any item in their vast astonishing shocking catalog. Video search of Miami, they said, check cash money orders, visa, master cart, all orders are shipped promptly within two days. Call 279-9773, they'll send it at catalog, you're going to be, you're just going to be amazed at what's out there. 279-9773, they're open Monday to Saturday, noon to six, you can also range for additional information to be sent to your home. 279-9773, video search of Miami, you're all turning to for films, you thought we're unavailable, calm today, get the catalog, lock to door, stay in the house forever, forget about Baldi and to have a great time. 279-9773, video search of Miami, I adrift and we just found out we're doing a weekend recicler. It's a technical term, we didn't know what it was, alright, I'm not real sure I like the bottle, we have to go wait out in the curb now, red box. But listen, Monday morning, we'll be back, sorry, and we have a lady who's going to be telling us how to tell if you're a wean. That's right, yeah. Marvin's coming back, you'll be the morning, the Monday morning, yeah. How to tell if you're a wean, I think I'm talking to Marvin, I'll be here Monday, yeah, I'm sorry, he's back. Rick and Sugs, we're doing morning, 6 to 10, here on 610, WIOD. This afternoon and 2, don't missville, Henry, every one of him right here. Come on, you I am, please. Well, alright, for some, if you thought hooked on, Fonics was a marvelous way to learn to read, then you're going to love the new learning tool that makes learning to read even more fun. It's new Halloween with it, with a little lesson, you too can learn to read a liquid. I do not like green eggs in hand, oh, very good. I do not like them, Sam, I am. You know, yeah, you need 69 minute course, comes in its own box, so you can take it with you anywhere. After just one night with our program, you'll be able to go down the menu the next time you eat out. You need seven, yeah, I think you're ordering. I think I'll just have a muffin. Ooh, I'm sure. Two orders calling with you, simple you your fingers and call 1-800-L-I-C-8-I-N-G. Call and just from the makers of Cook's on the L-A-C-Ox, call now. 1-27-W-I-D. Fat Rich is going to be the qualifying racist of our morning at Papua Parchus. In case anybody wants to go and share his programming expertise and his handicapping expertise, and a green sheet will be back and he's a bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop. Okay, right, nice going, pal. Next weekend we got the end of course by the 15th, like Jerry Baton said, and we know that the man would never lie to us. He looks he's got that look of truth all over his little weasely face, and we know that this is just another couple of ways to give us a chance to stick it up everybody's butt. See, I think the honest is should be partly on them. I don't want to give you this seriously because there's no point in nothing I can change, but I think the honest should be in their amists. Okay, here's a mobile and bokeh, hello. Oh, Neil? Yes, sir. Hi, I just wanted to tell you that I don't have any sub-stories, sub-stories, so you're attending? Yes, I am. Neil, I'm like a contender. Well, yeah, you've got an omics. You send me the bop below. Yeah, I won't shower for a week, but I can fit it with those two kpop flowmen. Yeah, I won't shave for a week, so I fit it with the bop below women. Yeah, and even though your position is sweet, all run up and down the aisles and nothing but mine. Thank you, and aren't you, Mike? And if you saw look like a bunch of ya who's okay, thanks pal. Okay, we have an open line. Even if I want some to go up there, represent us and make us look like them. We want some to go up and make us look good in the lia lot. Okay, I think we're done. Right, now who we got from today? We were going to pick one right here on the year. Who we got, how many contenders do we have? Store the old search and decision guide that made up the story? Boy, yeah, right. That was a funny story. Who's a good one? Driver with the bop below, sub-stories. The Corvette, the woman? The woman Diane. And don't pass by that all we have too many women on here. I mean, how do we declare it just a question of who was good? I have a genitalist who's a good. Birthdays in two days. Yeah, and her sister's a buffalo fan. Or the one in New Orleans or somewhere? Yeah, right. Frank, he's from Buffalo, but he's a converted dolphin stand. But his wife's a bulldog. Oh, his wife's a bulldog. He wants to take up there and stick it right. And the game too, yeah. Right. Ron, another Corvette guy whose wife is jobless in pregnant. Johnless in pregnant. Jobless in pregnant. How about his wife? Okay. And Bob, he has an under-privileged wife and it's 12-year-old's Frate A son who you want to do something for you. He wants to send them. So why? Like that. Well, that was good. Didn't you like that? That was right. Oh, seriously. Because we're doing too many of the way. And I core vet things. See, that's Max, so favoritism on my part, which it is. But now I like to think with Bob and me. Oh, what's the wife in the kid? Okay. Well, call that. Because he's going to be screw around down here. You know, I said, what was your name? He said the genat. I mean, Gene. So I'll get the hang out on a bunch of people right. Oh, yeah, blow at least people off. So what we're going to do now is we'll call all those people back. And now why say all those people got Russell? Wasn't that the guy's name? Russell and the Roth from the second day. And the guy from Plantation Acres from yesterday. And it's Doosback. Russell, Rosie, Mark and Bob. Russell, Rosie, Mark and Bob. And thanks to everybody who lowered yourselves. I appreciate it. And I know a lot of you really, you just made absolute. Asces of yourselves, you embarrassed people who knew you heard you on the air. You, you demean you. Robo. Yeah. Stop calling back. You've been asked you grab some lines on it. It'll be that crap. They're not called. We're all done with calls for a month now. They're not fooling me. That was a fantasy. And for that whole thing, we went through this whole week. It's been a fantasy. Boy, the phones were smoking this week. Well, of course, we're going to weigh a goddamn trip to Buffalo. What do you expect? They have no interest in me and anything that's going on in my life in the show. And a talkie season. All I care about is, hey, that fat slob is giving away a free trip to Buffalo. Let's go. Let's pretend to be dolphin fans. Get that Chris Lincoln off my screen. Man, this guy. He's like the Dave game of racing. This guy of the racing game. Look at that man. Oh, man. What is guy takes it when he gets on a plane. They just give him first place. I don't mean a seat. I mean a section. He's like that sales guy we got downstairs. Oh, that guy. Jeff the clown. Get him one of those red noses and suit his ass up. So what are you doing now, man? Is this going to take like a long time to get these people? And like I said, if we don't have mine to phone, they could give him a new video. Before I get into head again, I invite you to stay there your son has a target for a whole year. We are doing this in the veteran international level close to age in a summer or UNC Nag air. And he starts fast talking. And then he starts school year 40 kids six schools getting excited from his longtime professional awards. I love cuisine like New York. And we're looking to meet in an intensity right after he is participating in the documentary. We've seen some of that bands go through the watching scene of the United War for Australia by the people, they're having fun today. Action is done mostly to drive when we Leader Kahnuk and czasu is coming in. We pray that Dan Moreno just picks apart that poorest buffalo secondary that we have a running game Which I don't know why see he started against the bangles on Sunday. Nice going Higgie Adabai baby show him a finger two man and pay those back taxes on I restaurant to why you're at it. Oh, sorry Woody. Okay, how we doing? Who got on there? We got anybody on there? Russell and Rosie Russell's on six Russell. How you doing? Pretty good Russell. Isn't this incredible? This is Russell from way back on the Tuesday right? And I feel like I'm at a distance man's edge But why well because it's been a long time and I told my story But wait a minute don't you understand that's why out of fairness because I said this I said that the people on Tuesday Would be very you know, we need to remember who they are. That's why we're gonna bring everybody back You know final opportunity restate their make-up some new craft and see who does the best job of BS and us Well, there's an anisome I thought it was very very fact Yeah, you better do you agree Or we could hear a dial to and real click on this line Russell On Wednesday, yeah, when I heard you say my name that you had thrown out every contestant from Tuesday Yeah, but the day before I got to be honest with you, and I don't want to say anything that Is gonna cause jeopardize your opportunity. Yes, but I really Kind of figured that I was gonna be the winner Did you Yeah, based on what based on the fact that number one Five stories true. I mean who has ever heard of O'Neighb the universe the I don't even know I don't say I mean O'Neighb To be honest with that. I don't think it's in Buffalo Son of a were near Buffalo. No, it's not that far it's about 80 miles But O'Neighb that is near Cooper town right so my wife first to 80 miles from Buffalo You're in your maniac. Well, I think Russell's gonna miss qualifying stuff Well, Cooper town is like hundreds of miles from Buffalo. I'm only going on one my wife's the 80 miles Well, why do you guys just walk in how's that? O'Neighb today is nowhere near Buffalo According to her it's not far well dreaming George you know this how Russell's story starting to follow farther already Boy you talk about a guy who's blowing it for blowing the stuff right out of the water even the kamikaze isn't the war and ever didn't know Where I themselves like this Russell. We don't even want to tell you it your last thing to do Russell What is this nice thing have to do with this turn your mic off? Okay Oh my god That might just qualify right there. Yeah, well. It's not I mean that's like a German name to me. Are you German Russell? You're doing now Russell's back in the running again I'll do you not related to Gary Bettman. Are you okay? Because you to have been out fast in this line. What have been dead fasting a door nail until whatever right now? Do you get a new sport channel? Oh, yeah, it's still on don't on oh wait a minute. Okay. How come George didn't tell me this? He's busy in there a plane with all these assholes You missed about 10 minutes of fat-faced fillets the due-to going through heads. How do I Cliff let you to kill say a thing or two on here? You know what? Gary there It seems to be there a deeply entrenched philosophical differences for example virtually any proposal that you make is interpretive as a salary I got you how can you possibly I was telling me in a kill. We got Russell on here trying to win a trip in Europe and you got this little torpey Do you want to go ahead Russell? I'm sorry. Well, here's my plan. Well, I'm time if you have ever seen him in Tom Deniburg together this Gary Bettman. I mean a match made in heaven. That is Tom Deniburg. Have you ever seen him in the same room? Listen to him wine go ahead sir Russell. I do have a an I tinder or a plan out for my trip. Yeah, my wife unfortunately I was going to try and surprise her right but she heard my name on the air when did they Your wife listens to the show. Yeah, we love your wife. What's her name? Her name is Gale. Gale sounds like a glacier named a me. Well, she converted. Oh Is that what she wants her conscribed? Is my nice had circumscribed come on Russell don't start getting to intellectual here You're gonna blow this I can feel it and the thing too Did you see you missed still us the veto's explanation of I listen I'm in a very tense mood with this hockey thing today I'm thank God I missed the last bazito. I see him I start up checking for the whole weekend would be shot Thank God I missed him and it's very, very just before your call you to been sitting in the history already I know I won't mention good don't mention again So anyway now your story is she's going she graduated only out of college right which allegedly is a near Buffalo Which it is not by the way Cooper's down is not anywhere near Buffalo She's going back for a reunion if they're homecoming reunion their 10 years and she's going on what Saturday So the function is Saturday night from 7 to midnight Yeah, homecoming Yeah, so she had and you're gonna be screwing around in Buffalo last years hundreds of miles away and only on it Not beginning to see through this this was good. I wouldn't know anybody in Buffalo But she said that during Saturday during the day because I've always wanted to go to Cooper's town that we can go and that to me I mean the football game is great It would be like the ultimate weekend for me personally and I would get to take my wife on this trip that she has been You know since I told her about two months ago that we couldn't go I haven't been I don't want it, you know, I'm in a lot of people are listening to me But so I have to elaborate I haven't exactly been getting a lot of action. Thank you. Yeah Well, she converted you made her Jewish now you're complaining about what God you want if you'd like to receive I would have to you'd be getting it all the time man if I would have known that goes with the territory If I would have known if you're I think you're sticking your credit cards in a wrong place Okay, listen hang on Russell okay your stories a little weaker today than was two They be you're in the running definitely hang on okay, okay, he's a little shaky. Okay, one and the Gary Bebben still on there shaking his head's figuring the shaky. What's he saying? It's a great four Last athlete and I believe Biggest one I believe like I turn a lot more and when on to work pretty good We got to get our house in order first and you got to get our house in order We're talking to each other and then maybe when you talk from period and drive me a little confused on this What if you're asking it and that's I like players Yeah, they're staying in need of them to train And I'll be okay, but they're yeah Okay, you train with them for today as you got to all some of them be a great man. You're asking and they're good Faith, what do you guys do a little pencil? They geek you look at how our friends get you look at these a walking star these like a turn on a chair You're looking at it right there. You're looking at a turn I don't agree it would be better than it would like it Yeah, I mean I used to think that's it right now is throw it I say get him right now Not Chris Chelyos look I want to see Chris Chelyos come rushing in from off to the side Spiram in the face blood gushing in all directions and he owners got to say okay, we're ready to deal The games begin tomorrow hockey night in Canada 730 on CBC where is Bob Cole and Harry Neil and Don Sherry? Okay, now we're talking and Ron McClain One 38. It's your very emotionally distrust station Wild You ready for the first time I'm sorry, okay, we got Russell on here. Here's Rosie I know I rosey. Well, he was our first call around Wednesday morning and blew the entire audience right out of the water She just destroyed the entire four hours everybody who came after we're just fell in her weight That's right, we're very late. Well, don't knock it No, seriously when you call the first one I mean what are the odds of a hang it on through the entire proceeding? Pretty slim. Pretty slim unless you really made your Jay-hallowabba promise Guess you did Make a promise I can't keep yeah, right. I think you already did Got a seam in the other room. He's a spitting-a-gain cartwheels. Oh I wonder if We'll be doing that that weekend I think the two of you may be doing it that weekend and probably this weekend So what was your story Rosie? Let's refresh our memories here because Russell we already spoke to him. He's I don't know Russell's a good guy. He's you know his story of changed a little bit since Tuesday His wife went that was once in the Kelly University in Montreal and thought she was in Buffalo and She's having a reunion at the University of Rochester which is in the O'Neill and it's a little bit of a little bit But he's a good guy. So what's your deal? Mine is at my second anniversary and I want him the hell out of town with his best friend Yeah, that's why we like Rose you so much because it's only your second anniversary. She wants to get late I mean she wants to have a good time that weekend off season doing a nice number for him Now George is laughing again from ear to ear He's turned beat red in their man. Now I know what this is all about you know I hate to say this for the other three people, but is this even gonna be a contest? Anyway, go ahead Rosie. Oh, I'm gonna go on the way to Buffalo. Yeah, I mean well who's his best friend a guy? Yeah, the guy and how old is this guy? Oh, gee. I don't know 30 oh, yeah I'm really sorry Oh, oh, it's that his friend Is he a thing? Yeah, I do him. You have done him? I don't if I could you what? Well, I did you send your husband out there alone and then in two of you do it all weekend My husband's up there. I want to go with him anyway What a trip for two It's me though after the just two years of marriage that the boom is off the whole day Rose a little bit here, Rosie Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Well, you know you gotta keep this fight in your life Yeah, you gotta keep him guessing every time. Yeah, you're kidding. She Oh, yeah, I don't know Me neither seven or eight guys are girl Right We're in the women too, huh? No, but you know, yeah How could you be having an open the hell to do? Very open out Well, you're certainly a heavy-duty contender, Rosie. Hang out a second while we talk to the other two Loser. I mean, that or two people hang on. I'm Rosie. Okay, she's on one. We got Mark on four Mark Oh, no, what's going on Mark? Oh, same old stuff. Okay. Now, let's refresh your from yesterday I'm from you Mark, I think I who lives in plantation aches even I remember this Plane the Mark's got a hell of a good shot just out of personal vengeance here Plantation acres. I've been a dolphin fan longer than longer than anybody else in the line. I can tell you that yeah, I've lived through the Eric cummerose and the John Boastist and just just been there I'm like Kitchkey that over here. Hey, man, who remembers Joseph Gackie coming to the ride W. Y. O. D. I'm draft-a saying There are cubal rows going to line up for the doll food I'll lie of state. Yeah, oh, I'll never forget that day like it was the second and third coming The blackest the blackest day in dolphin history almost anyway I live over on 21st read out the acres next to the day that Bobby Humphrey sucked up all the chocolate. Yes Right exactly this guy was in the acres right next to the dreaded bill's fan where they're out of not just discussing I grow by their yesterday go in home, which I do every day by the way and I notice not only they have the bill shack Which we all have seen but they also have some paraphernalia out there like on their Some adornments on the house that are like in bills blue and red and white the crap colors to I know Specific and it and if you want to put a satellite dish up or something like that you got to go through 85,000 per mess I do that Yeah, you can't cut your mouth a look at down right you can have a damn buffalo bills Shack and the mill of dolphin terrors Crazy right so two years ago I mean we we tried to go through four supervolves in our and in a row with buffalo two years ago After they beat the defense for the championship I went down there and I don't give a crap about the guy I'll beat the crap by the sky I went down there and I just helped the guy help it is This thing yeah with some paint by the way. I killed a squirrel in front of their house yesterday not not on purpose But I just ran over a squirrel you're doing on that block anyway. That's not sure it's a shortcut. It is oh Yeah, oh Yes, I think it's an almond right in front of their house this squirrel stop and I you know Usually squirrels are smart enough. You and I even have to worry about a big dart out of the way I try and this one room right in front of my I think he committed suicide was right in front of the bill shack Maybe with Karen a couple extra nuts there I could have been maybe they were Jim Kelly's Okay, hang on a second mark listen. Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm going to bring up a sick pack of razors all for Jim Kelly shoes. Okay Hang on oh, oh, I think he may have just iced it there So we got Russell and Rosie Russell's not looking too strong at the moment. Okay Rosie and Mark I don't want to not don't get up just Russell. Yeah. Don't get upset Hang on. Okay. What you should be okay. Here's Bob Bob is our man from today. Right now. What was your story again Bob? You know what so any moments ago you know my mind My wife is a brow county Corrective reading That's right with a 12 year old son He plays two sports sometimes the two pills average out the S. study One-term goal is to get out of middle school with a straight-ache Yeah, he's a straight He's straight This is a job his prize And have That he's collected over about a four year period Going to promotional Then send off and signing family day in a light loves the W. I. O. D. Calgate party Does he ever listen to the station well it's different call he's in school or for Well in the summer will we drive up north? Yeah He listens to some of the read the better ones that I have You know going through driving through the power line is we take a radio reception so I tell you Supply I take yeah He's your calendar that you gave out at the promotion at the tell me party weapon as well Yeah Do you want to No, I don't don't talk yourself out of it No, I get only two questions You got no you got the inside track here, I think Well, I'm proud of them and I think they should get to the right mission. They're solid Like in hard work like So I really the only one who's so far of all the people I talked to all this week Even though you may make the you may not even have a son You're the only one who like I feel any legitimacy to what you're saying you don't say I think I like the lady from O'Neill Who once stopped in a can of day? Well, I just you know the rest of it just doesn't smell right Not now you're gonna just you're gonna kill it hang on Bob Don't kill a boost hang on like hell in the squirrel okay, so we got Russell and Rosie and Mark and Bob And after we do the break then we'll come back at all decide Jordan not what I don't know what you're laughing about you. I've let you decide all the contenders every day I have an argue to have an all the side it's my show. It's my contest. It's my giveaway all the side Which I already have Okay, and you're not gonna be too happy, but that's too bad See my purpose of being here is not to get you laid when you're married to a lovely lady like you are and if you can't get any That's your problem sweetheart. Maybe if you're on strapped or from the wall, that might help a little bit But my purpose of coming in here every day is not to get you laid you better read that memo again from David Ross Okay, because going up and down these lines with these contestants trying to find out who's gonna make kuchi kuchi That's not the idea of why we come in here. I'll go quite frankly. I would like to be able to do it and I'm of these people are even close For these guys who still sit in there they got their arms look at us all koot here. He's an old koot this guy What's what's the worst he from he must be a creep we up cannot oh? Here's Cliff lecture. Yes What do you say like three words that was the end of what is guys from Toronto man here a shirt and sweet Cliff lecture said that said back to you Gary That was it Go ahead cliff a you're a hell of a guy This is a sad day in my life. I said that this is if I could tell that can't even put the words how this is tearing the in the Interjudice of my whole constitution You're coming here you're sweats you blood and guts through all this turmoil to write to write gut-wrenching a transition of a town that used to be a tropical paradise In the way toilet of a I'll just horrendous twisted nightmare of a place you finally get some things that are happening that seem Just maybe we have an opportunity to turn this into like a living even just a semblance of a living and reading place And what do they do they say bend over drop the soap in a stick this long instrument so far deep in there that your tonsils are tickling and mine were moved What I was five years old in my tonsils too. How do you like that and it's still hers? Yeah, take another drink of water Gary this something special in there for you baby 151 at W. I. O. D. America's favorite neighbor invites you over neighbor. It's apple bees Apple bees is some of the world famous riblit platter upon the thick re-smoke rib tips Served up in spicy barbecue sauce with fries and coast law for only 869 and the rest of the menu is just as good apple bees has a fantastic house to rely or try those great apple bees burgers like the double deck of quarter pound patties with two How do them two kinds of cheese and don't forget that pizza veggie patch if you've been looking for that Extristen crust the authentic Italian crust this is it of all places you find it right there in Apple bees I've been crust with artichoke hearts mushrooms spinach fresh tomatoes all on a blend of delicious Italian cheeses You can't be to a mistake Apple bees has something for everybody including a separate Sunday brunch menu and a gathering time from three to six and ten feet And closing with half off prices are not true