Yes, um, uh, have you ever referred to her as the High Hall in Tunnel? Hang on. See the guy almost did it, man. He almost talked to Maria and it's not even his. If it was his, that would be different, I'd like to dunk them off and hung up too. It's a 10 after 12 in WIDP. Poor Kathy, man, leave the bitch alone already. She's just, she's a horny broad. She wants to make a living. She wants to give some guy some satisfaction. What the hell is so wrong with that? See, all these goody two shoes, these AFA people and all these other right wing, these Bible thumping moralist. All we need to go back to fan, Dan Quail, who smoked more weed than, uh, anybody in this, anybody in the audience ever saw in their lifetime. Here's the guy talking family values again because he's pandering with this new right wing thing, just like Jeff Bush, the faker that he is. Family values. How about just something like some basic values, like not killing people and then stealing their crap? That would be a good start. Well, look at that look who just came on as I was talking about family values, Dr. Steve Greenberg. He's praying for family values, Dr. Steve. He is on his knees praying morning noon and night that we return to the day when we have family values in America. That's how much Dr. Steve wants those values, but trust me, what I tell you. Good off your knees, Steve, people are starting to laugh. But, uh, you know, if that's for you and your family, fine. If you want to read the good book, all that fine, but don't try to tell me what they held it do. And don't try to tell Kathy what let's said she can't go out and entertain the troops with a flashlight. Probably dead batteries anyway, what they're worried about. And the flashlight, too. That's why Kathy's out there because her batteries are dead. Maybe if Sally would have just left her a little going away gift, that would solve Kathy's problem, at least until they ran out. The energizers, I'm sure. It's 12 minutes past noon at W-I-O-D. Don't miss Phil Henry, every one of him right here. Okay. Come on, you are your team! Also, the mental is, thank Goldberg, that means it's a football table. Are you looking for a lucrative business opportunity that will secure your future, let you work outdoors and give you plenty of free time? You've been an entire bus in my plough! Then listen to this offer from the Funny Business Institute. Right now, there are will work for food franchises available at Highway Infants Rams, parking lots and downtown streets all over this great land of ours. Will work for food, sure you will, but not without our franchise kit, which includes Tattered Cardboard, three crayons, and I'll book you can read while you're waiting for your ship to come in. Oh man, this is great! Will work for food, it's a great way to get off your bomb and become one. I'll tell you that there are some good locations left in this town, or some real pre-most spots where I guess the old guys may not think it would be a tarot now. 12-16, like at I-95 and 100 and 30, no, 95, 95, 95. There was a guy with a, I'm sure you've seen him if you like driving date with a beard. Like, fairly well-shaving, but looking for 10, I guess he doesn't pay purposely. Like, for 5-6 days at a time, so he gets that real grubby look. And he was standing there and there were like 20s and 50s, like stuff out of all of his pockets, and I guess he retired. Here's Hollywood, hello. What's happening, man? What'd you be doing, man? No, man, I just couldn't see the man. Just be a crank call, and that'll just be a cool man. Does it be a cool man? No. Yeah, what does it be? I could do it, dude. We have two open lines, you're both in Broward 5-24, 9-463, okay? You can mock all you want, you can make a joke out of it, but I'm telling you right now. See, I'll tell you something, this may come as a shock to you. We have many, many black people working this building, not just in a hot 105, but on the AM and on the FM and on the FM and on the FM. Do we have any black people on the FM? We better start looking into that. But seriously, we don't have anybody in this building that talks dialect. Do we? No. See, it's not like nobody is picking on somebody like, well, you know, this is in our genes. This is the way we got to speak. So when you hear people who are speaking like improper English, whether they're black, white, the purple or whatever they are, this is not acceptable. And to try to say, well, it's just a different dialect, and you're picking on people and not giving it a fair opportunity to be them. That's a pile of crap. I'm going to hear Julian Vaughn saying, well, you know, well, we'd be free. We're going to be doing, I don't hear him saying that. Or Barbara Jordan, or the Jordan Neros for that matter. I did Jordan Neros used to be white black guys, or was it the other way around? Hi, Alia, hello. Hey, oh. Yes, sir. Hey, I got the big seat through the school. You got what? The big seat. The big seat. The big seat. The big seat. He got the big seat. Oh, man! Now, what are you talking so quiet? Now, I had to hold you. 21. 21. 21, he was cut. Yeah. And how does it feel? Totally. Is it? Yeah. Was it beautiful before? Pretty much. I don't think so. I think it may have been ugly before. It's like a beat. Yeah. Uh-huh. So to speak. So, yeah. So, when did you have it done last week? No, three weeks ago. Three weeks ago. So, how was it coming along? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I can't do nothing for six weeks. You can't do anything for six weeks? Yeah. Oh, my God. Is it still like wrapped up in a like? No, three days after it took everything off. Yeah. Three days after you took everything off. And like everybody looked and pointed and laughed. Pretty much. Uh-huh. So, you can't do anything for six weeks. Now, how about how long we can now? How about if you like a pee if I can say that? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And, but if we're... Well, there was a testimony of Liver heard when I said, he said, oh, yeah. What does that mean? In other words, it still hurts. Pretty much. Huh. You're not drinking too many beers these days. No, no. Good idea. Good thinking. Good time to go on a fast for like two or three weeks to be real good for you. Yeah. My nephew's the next. Now, why did they are? Yeah. And how old are they? 9, 7 and 5. Oh, that'll be okay. But why did you do this? Because it was getting rips for the speak. It was getting rips? Yeah, skin. The skin was getting ripsed. Yeah. What the hell were you doing with it, man? You know, you got to try to calm down a little bit. It was getting ripsed. Yeah. And it was more stings side. So it was getting... The court... The court... It was supposed to be. This is the call I've been waiting for. You ought to see the look on Georgia's push right now, man. See, this is the kind of medical problem that develops when people are unsurcumcised. I've been trying to tell you this, even Georgia. I think you got them sold, man. I think he's going over to get the, uh, to get snipped right now. You want to believe me. That said you have to. If they're not going to have more problems, I said, let's go. Yeah, let's do it. Only 250 bucks. So how's it going to look better now? Yeah. Trust me. Trust me is an expert. It's going to look beautiful. It's going to work like a clean machine. It'll be the happiest day of your life. If you want to clean it, it'll be using like at least two bars of so-plus. Every month you want to have to be scrubbing and, uh, whatever. One thing is it is much cleaner now. There it is. There you go. I rest my case. Well, he'll up soon, pal. Okay. I'll go up for a city. Come by and see us when he heal up. Okay. Hang on. Okay. He's on too. I bet you know who that is. Is that the time? It's not our friend, Tom, the accountant from, uh, who is that? Maybe it's Phil Salzman. Oh, it's a little joy. Hey, joy. Hey, Neil. What happened? Well, I solved your problem. You solved my problem. It'll be there tomorrow. What'll be here? Um, what is it called? Uh, how about we, we'll say that on the air? Okay. We won't say it on the air. It'll be there and it will take care of the problem. And it won't be any of that. Not now. Well, now wait a minute. How do you know that? How do you know it'll take care of the problem? What is it? Sign I, that'll take care of the problem. No, I don't want to kill you. Yeah, why not? That would stop the stop the, uh, stop the sign. Oh, stop the plan. Stop everything. Yeah. So it'll be here tomorrow. It'll be there tomorrow. Okay. And all you have to do is give my guy, uh, uh, Luis Miguel C.D. Okay. Save one, George. Hold one out. You guys, you're kind of a fruit cake or what? I don't know. It's first wife or something. What is your professional speaker, something like you? No, he's not an, he's not a hulu. He's not? No. So what is, oh, his wife wants it. He was there before. Yeah. All right. Well, that's the guy that brought in the stuff the last time. Yeah. Yeah. He was a good healthy guy. And he's all right. Okay, Joe. Thanks a pile man. Take care of you. I hope it does it. All right. See, there we go. There's a drug supplier. We have an open line in date. Come on. Let's continue this to Populous Partia Florida. Broward County, Chapter and they're also affiliated with the American Family Association. What is just branching out. They got more names than Carter's got pills than Joe, he's got pills. Station manager, hoping you'll reconsider your position, especially when it comes to trash being promoted by your station. Soon. Certainly and I can't even read the name are something or are there State Secretary. And here's the list of signatures on petitions of people who have signed up for our P.O.D. with WIOD and this program especially. But all of our programming in general, they're also peered with WTKS and Orlando WFLC and Tampa and they're gonna This isn't this interesting. I was just talking about this a few minutes ago These goody two shoes Ben Franklin died Tom Payne time difference at all died Left it in their will that these people would protect the Constitution and protect everybody from them What they don't like Now there are two four six eight ten twelve and then there's another full page two four six eight ten twelve fourteen sixteen eighteen Twenty about twenty five so we got thirty seven signatures on these positions Including names here's one in high-elea, but it doesn't even have like a full it But here's a name with a PO box number gene PO box It don't even have like a last name on there Next to it. It's got printed the full name, but Gene don't keep don't even know how to sign his or it's a real-know-hole name Here's another one. It's got like another PO box. We're getting PO to about this here's golds Here's West Palm Beach West Palm Beach what the holiday upset about they don't even It's not even in their market here's Miami here's Dania Here's a Hollywood couple and Hollywood here's what Miami Beach edible. I fill up. We love you We know you're listening here's Henry and four-laterdale jack and Hollywood A June-olice here's a Jewish guy in Hollywood nice going jack Cox a hoist baby Here's a couple more his jackson villa, which who knows what station that's got to do with and Lee street in Hollywood isn't that beautiful Davy, Daniel Hollywood 37 people a market of four million people and this organization is so powerful They are getting the troops together. They're getting a joining ranks Rankin file and goose stepping behind 37 people. They got lined up who are nauseated with the trash on this show I am shaking in my boots right now. I'm not sure which has been more concerned Howard or the American Family Association And of course, they're also trying to get Howard off here 12 24 a WIO D The South Florida's news talking entertainment station Sister Mary Catherine he's I'd be good. Just got home work. Hi honey. Yeah, I get a smell Yeah, I'm trying something different look Oh, you look so red Beats It's what's for dinner It's getting kind of red 12 28 at WIO D. I feel kind of beat myself right now after reading 37 people Who have signed these petitions who are anxious some of them by the way their handwriting is so your literate and so growth test That it speaks for itself although here's one very articulate guy the Jewish guy in Hollywood. He typed it out nice going jack typed it out And of course they're all listening right now because they're monitoring naturally This is the way they spend their hours is exposing themselves to things that they cannot stand that they don't like Because they're out there to protect everybody else. They're out there to censor they're out there to dictate they're out there to decide What can be on and what should not be on and to try to tell sponsors where they should spend their money? I'll be honest with you. I'm looking at this thing. I see more spots and Curtis got pills and like I said Howard doing those 13 in a commercial breaks So evidently they're having enormous impact on all of the programs that they don't like Here's a lady in sweet water. Hello Hello, yes, man. He's high meal. How are you pretty good? Okay, I'm planning to go to see you with me going concert in December see in December and in December right Are you meaning Vegas? What is going to Vegas? Where are you going to go see him in December? Is that coming here to Miami in October? Oh, you're a silver oh, great. A couple of weeks. You mean you're planning on going and seeing me you haven't asked about getting tickets yet? I haven't you are dreaming honey. Why? Well, I think they're probably you can call ticket master. He's going to be here October 6th 7th and 8th. That's a Thursday Friday in Saturday. That's only like let's see the try that's two weeks away Oh wow Two weeks from this weekend so you better get on the horn with ticket master. Are you going to be so well As I'm standing online Nilgick Can I have some of these? Can you have some? How about one? One one One will be excellent. Please. You're a big fan. Yes, I love it. You love the least dearly Hang on. Thank you. Enjoy it. Okay, and one. Oh, oh, what's Nick putting to his lips now? Here we go. The young in the horny we should have like a bigger alarm some kind of a bill that goes up Feel in the change again that cut it out man the AFA's going to be over knock it on your door Got all mighty. I don't care what they say he looks pretty God damn good to me. I'll turn it there right now Man What skin what a face what and of course a couple of days was it two days ago or yesterday Time goes by so fast sometimes I feel that life is just passing us all by you know, but with that yeah Yesterday I guess it was Not it was two days ago with the upward what difference does it make with a pool party baby? Man, oh man there was more skin on air and of course I'm sure that we have to get that stuff off the year two Well have to once we get Nil and Howard and everybody else we don't like off the radio Then we'll work on TV and get all these skin these disguised skin flicks that are called soap Hobbers that's already doing with all this sex and all this boozing and all this other crap I'm sorry the all those religions they like to booze it up a little bit too. I'm sorry I forgot More sponsors pull their ads from Rock Radio ride. Yeah, we're just being in our pants man about this because you guys are really I have them fantastic impact Here's Miami Beach hello When is uh Hey, I'm doing great great I I have you on a freak for a listener very intrigued caller that called maybe two years ago Yeah, and Well at work these days I've had your show on and all the guys saying they're coming to kitchen and stuff saying saying wow What's that show? I see you got a list for a minute. It's funny is how you'll feel busted. God yeah, and now It's the only thing we play in the morning Oh Even when I'm off and even the delivery guys for Cisco if I can say that yeah They say they're regular listeners too all the guys They say man. I mean you lie to you 20 is help Cisco and Pacho. Yeah, I think I saw Pacho Okay, no, just because of food company. Yeah, I know they deliver trust runs stuff, but um what I just want to let me know that and You put the good work okay, okay. Thanks a pile. Okay. See you. Bye. Okay, and don't drop the Chris go. It's this go We have an open line. It's in date 7519463 now In I come in this morning and I'm looking around. I thought there's something bizarre in this place something really strange And I see all these cobwebs and I thought yeah, I thought that the Barry con came in and cleaned this room out And there's all these make believe cobwebs up around a TV like a gigantic spider web And then I go up in the front of the building and there's all these decorations and all this stuff And I'm not sure whether this scream or eat the Chiquita banana and it turns out that it's uh our receptionist What is her name? Do we know what her name is? Michelle Michelle? I don't know who she is Hey, we change receptionist more often the most of you people change underwear. I guarantee that So anyway the deal is that she put all this stuff up for Halloween Halloweeny ain't until isn't it the 31st or something like that about October the last week in about October Isn't that right and this is the 22nd of September nothing like getting ahead start Here's a bokeh hello Hello Neo yes sir Neo Jeff Kahui is in the penetratory. Oh no wonder we're not here Nothing about him He's serving his son because everybody else is making his big comeback now I didn't know not and all these guys are making a big comeback Even Tony is out there wrestling with their conscience. He's doing his one to three beauty Neo yeah, I'm from Chicago, so I never really heard Howard yeah, and I listened to twice because I didn't want to make Any rash judgments yet he was terrible. Yeah, it's a very sad and Why I feel really cheated too because in his good days you know Howard was great and then when they you know All the rumors that he was gonna be on here. I thought well God there'll be something that once in a while You know you listen to and get me really funny. It's just it's just not it's like promising Somebody a banana split and bringing them one scoop of the watery vanilla ice cream You know what I'm saying? It just they're so long and so boring and the the 13-minute commercial breaks I'm gonna be the kiss of death on here. I don't know what those people are thinking about that show is structured so poorly I don't I can't imagine what they're thinking in addition to which I can't imagine anybody in his right mind buying spots They're gonna be lost like in a in a minefield of commercials Well, I love Rick and so it's good Neil I have one shameless request. Yes, sir. I don't really miss the ball games, but I do miss Harry Yeah, and anything you could play from Harry. I'd appreciate it. Okay. Thanks, babe. It's a Harry day. Have a great day. Okay We have an open line in date speaking. I hear he wasn't uh Ron Jeremy on this morning One in Broward five two four and one on the green line one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three I will say this you know when you can that thing about service with a smile when you can service yourself like Harry, not Harry. See, that's the thing Harry Reams and Ron Jeremy. What's the difference? I mean, how can you tell us and Ron Jeremy is fatter? Because they're both like walking for balls, but like I was starting to say about service. It's 1235 at WIOD The payphone challenge news from around the planet and a lot more it's Rick and Suds. We day mornings right here Come on you are your team. Hey, I've done what the panthers are ready. When the hell those are baseball season begin anyway, huh? Cybergenics is the comprehensive weight loss program that will have you looking great in 14 weeks. By who can wait that long? You need the weight loss program that'll drop weight in seconds. Well, that's for me. What is it? It's Saber Genics. Is it a pill or a shake? Neither. Cybergenics is a four-foot long razor sharp sword that allows you to trim pounds in no time. Well, how much weight you want to lose? I don't know 10 pounds. And what would you say your leg weighs all from here to here? Yeah, I guess I'm saying about 10. There you go. You're at your ideal weight in seconds and it's weight. You'll keep on. How am I going to those other yellow planes? It's so hot in America. Saber Genics. Bye, some today. Well, 40 a WIOD must begin really slow on my old age because it's just I'm looking at this thing from the American Family Association that was sent to Bull Green during the break. And why did I notice this the first time? I'm probably because I was so blown away by the tremendous number of signature on the thing. In addition to which I said 37, five of them I see are in the same household. So now we're down to like 32. Five of them in the same house and they don't even have the same last name. I wonder what they're all doing in there and Hollywood on Least Street, no less. My mother used to live on Least Street in Hollywood. I bet she knows these people. She can talk some sense in them or make them some lots of ball soup. But anyway, on the populous party of Florida, which is where this thing is sent with these petitions, guess what's insignia? What symbol is in the upper right hand corner of their stationary? I'll give you 75 guesses in the first 125 don't count. It's a Confederate flag boys. Oh, oh, it's a good old Confederate flag. So we got a bunch, we got a bunch of Yahoo's butchered red necks that want to get us off there. Well, they don't want to get us off here. Do they? They just want to clean up. They just want to tell us what to say. They just want to dictate. They want to get together like hassle everybody else so we can all be just like them. Look at that. The populous party of Florida, Broward County chapter with a PO box in Daniel, no less. And there's the good old Confederate flag right next to it. Yeah. All right, you just pick it baby. We don't care if it never heals. Just keep picking. Oh my god, can't you just see that little geek up there in the tree with that little banjo? By the now, now, now, now, now, I can just see it right now. In Hollywood, on Least Street, there he is. I reckon that's the same one. You know, he looks just the same. Yeah, got kind of like one year where his ass used to be. And one eye where his no enable used to be, that's him. Well, you know, they didn't assess that in breeding after so many centuries, man, it starts having its effect. It starts sitting in real good. But y'all come back now. The populist party of Florida with a freaking Confederate flag on their letterhead. This is astonishing. It's shocking. Here's Papa, I want to sterile in. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. What's up? How are you doing? Hey, guys from our books are so my y'all. He stole your thing. Yeah. I'll maybe put me to the back for you. Yeah. Now that guy Jeff's Louis is doing two years. That's why you haven't heard Jeff Galouli is. And well, it's he'll probably write a book in here. Probably a TV movie. It is the sidekick that fat retards. Yeah. This is named Sean Eckard. Something like that. Jack Eckard, something like that. He's doing 18 months. That's not too bad. Yeah. He's going to fat retards. Hank Oberg. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I heard him like Monday and he's getting, oh my god. He's playing things over again. I'm going to fucking throw it off. Yeah. He's being trained by the strength coach of Miami University and like you were saying to you. We trained for what for the pancake and not a contest? No, I think it was pies. Yeah. But yeah, he lost 25 but he found out 50. I guess because I saw him in the yesterday. He looked the same. I think I was in, I think it was at the slots in Vegas. I think he lost, it was Karen all the reporters around in this pocket. All right. Well, in closing, waiting for the girl folks. Oh, oh. Okay. That's kind of hard to swallow. We have an open line in Broward 524 and there is Ryan who of course is never hard and she's hard to swallow. I'll tell you that. He's the disgusting bitchy wife. Stop bitching already. This is the one where she can front him about that magazine again. Oh, he's looking at that magazine and there's a Vicki in a centerfold. Necadiz a J. Bird. That's Nina. The wife. I don't want to know her name. I want to know the names of characters that I like. I don't want to know from Nina or the Pinta or the Sintamorinta. Okay. I know I've told this before. Nobody believes me. But I had a teacher in sixth grade I think it was. He used to call me a three. He used to call those three ships. The Nina, the Pinta and the Sintamorinta, which I guess either she was a lot a lot, a lot of them I thought she was or she figured we were really dumb little kids and that's the only way we could remember them. Not the Santa Maria, but they sent Maria. So, and maybe it was. What the tell do we know? Anybody ask Chris? Let's do Miami. Hello. Yeah, hi Neil. How you doing? Pretty good. So, two things. One real quick you were asking about John Wayne Bob and he was actually on Howard show live this morning. I know what I didn't hear that part but I know he was on. Well, you didn't miss my mind. I understand that he was he was like in the background while they were talking around Jeremy and all the other Harry Pornal guys. Well, they started with John Wayne Bob at the guys got an IQ of a dark. Yeah, he has no personality. Unbelievable. Yeah. Anyway, what I really wanted to call you about was was this business about the education they were talking about. My wife is a high school teacher. Yeah. And just started this year and she brought home some stuff the other day that absolutely blew my mind. He asked an essay question and the stuff they put down on paper on us to God in our generation would have been like a fourth grader. Yeah. It was just mind boggling. I can't believe that American education has had the worst. The worst, you know, everything is relative. So, I realize there are countries where there are more illiterate people but they have an excuse with all the money and all the resources that we have and all the money we peed on the drain on garbage. We have no excuse here. So, I would say relatively speaking, we have the worst education of any of the industrialized countries in the world. The absolute worst. When you look at how the policies of inclusion have come to where they are today and I agree with them. But what they've done is they've lowered the standards for everybody. Yeah. So, that nobody comes out right. Right. It's just mind boggling. The dumb and the dumbing of the public, right, that wasn't the letter the editor was run out target. It was dumbing down, man. It's just, it's scary. Yeah. It's really scary. And of course, the powers that be the business of people and the politicians, all the real power brokers, that's the way they like it, man. Keep real stupid manipulate them. Use that tube to put everything in their brain and brain wash them. And it's working like a charm. Oh, yeah. Well, maybe there's some hope, but I don't know where. Not in this country. See you. Good luck to us, Pally. All right. Thanks for your uplifting call. Now, he's right on target. He's absolutely right. I know it's the real downer. We don't want to get people down. We're here to give people a chuckle or two. We don't want to, you know, dwell on these things because we're not going to solve it here on the damn radio, right? All we got to do is call up the populist party or Florida and the AFA. They'll straighten all you bastards out. I'll tell you that right now. Ain't that right? No. Oh. Oh. Oh. Man, well, I saw that Confederate flag and I'm sitting here looking at it like, wait a minute. Am I looking at that thing wrong? And no, I'm not looking at that wrong. It's Dixie, baby. Let's sing some Dixie. Huh? Let's stand up. Pledge your leg and say a couple of prayers and then do that Dixie thing go out and shoot a couple of minority people. Oh, man. 1247. Wow. I was going to say, I was going to pick one out. But in their case, they don't single out. For example, I noticed on their literature here, they do have one very small page, very poorly put together. Potition drive begins. Hundreds of people are supporting the new in capitol letters, new petition effort to repeal Tampa's homosexual ordinance would began August 25, 1994. The meeting to kick off the petition drive, picture at left. Look at those yahu's was well attended. Of course, it doesn't say how many. What does that like 40 or probably 35? That number keeps coming back again. Some examples of complaints which have been filed by paparara line up page four for more information. Call you out of yada. Okay. There it is. So they don't just single anybody out there, hang just about anybody they can get their hands on. Of course, only figuratively speaking were saying, right? Maybe 1248 at W. I. O. D. This afternoon and two, don't missville, Henry. Every one of him right here. Give it. People are doing a lot of things with penises lately. You got us. We asked you this news squad of Cumberland Texas to give up her nestle's quick for rich, very rich, chocolatey, gravel tea. No, no, no, what? But after we explained, we would pay her money if she'd give rich, very rich, chocolatey, gravel tea in a dry. Unis said, how much you going to pay me? Eventually, we worked out all the details and Unis needs quite tried. Rich, very rich, chocolatey, gravel tea. You, me, I'm surprised. By rich, very rich, chocolatey, gravel tea is an amazing flavor. Nope. That jail would pay me to drink this crowd. You mean rich, very rich, chocolatey, gravel tea? Uh-huh. Oh, and the grid in here. What is it? We'd rather talk about the chocolatey taste. What a chocolatey, a trail grid, though, in fact it sucks up a straw. Rich, very rich, chocolatey, gravel tea. We bet you'll say you like it, too. If we pay you enough. Hi, I'm going to be rich, very rich, will we? I hear it tastes like grid. It's 1253 a WIEOD. We have an open line of dates, 751 and one in Broward, 524 WIEOD. Let's do, by the way, understand that this is very unusual. Yesterday, of course, it was the Howard's manager was on for a while and he was like pretty disappointed in the press, which I can understand on Buckwell. Is it true that Dave Ross is going to come on a phone with a fillet of San Fernando? I think there's a possibility. Well, he's looking for all a free publicity he can get and we're here to do it for him because he, after all, is our kingpin. Palm Beach on the purple line, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. It was only by divine advantage. You didn't pick up the phone right after you had commented, let's hear it, fix you. I have a mandolin sitting here on my friend. Oh, that would have been beautiful. I was going to play, fix you for a little bit. Down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, and that would have been great. You hear that and just hang up on me and I didn't want that. That would have been a lovely thing. You want me to do it? Go ahead. Oh, cool. Hang on. Pick it for us. Oh, hi, beauty. So here's the deal. Yeah. Sometimes I hear it take my girlfriend because I always watch these religious alerts on TV, you know, rabbits and so on. What are your amazicas then? You're an out here. It's entertaining. It's like to see the other side of human nature. It's the dark side. Yeah, absolutely. And the land is all side. And I think if you take off that purple head off a party, you'll see that that's Pat Robertson underneath, that's the any question. Yeah, let us talk together. They have the money collecting thing going on, where they're trying to get people to call in. What a surprise that is. Oh, but yeah, yeah. This surprise. I know that's not me. Yeah, but they're getting away from an airplane. A little Scott Scherke. What was it? U.S. care? No, it was a, it was a, it was a thought, a, you know, not a thought, but it was an alternate 11 type big big big jet to people purchasing. They're collecting this money to purchase to send doctors and, you know, a missionaries out to do build all over the world and convert to the people who are, you know, doing wrong. And they said, now you can, for $25, you could do a fair plan. And for a thousand dollars, you could a larger, would they get this airplane, which is larger in Scott Scherke and it's made of poms, which cost them probably out of about $28. You know, some of the words are selling, they're sending out little tiny model airplane. Yeah, little beauty of your Christianity outstanding. And then they say, and this is what you do with this is you set this on your table at dinner time and, and, and, and when you play for people, you can play for the physicians on this plane. And you can play, you can then you'll get gold. See, I thought maybe the receiver like a plane in a puzzle like the U.S. air 720, seven, seven, a seven, a seven, a seven, like little pieces like the original thing. And then you try to put it back together. Right. And then you take, uh, it's, it's shipped to you in a little black boxes matter. Yeah. You get the plane and you get the globe. And you get the plane on the table and you set the globe on the table. Yeah. Show your children. This is where we're playing, we're going to play for, you know, we're going to play for them tonight, you know. And after all this other stuff, what do you got real for the food after all the the plots that you play for? You know, I mean, uh, I don't know. And then, to top it off, you know, I'm listening to the radio. And just last night, it's matter of fact, I'm in a home state listening to the radio. And I hear, uh, this talk show they're talking about, uh, elegant, you know, that they don't want to, uh, the limited casino thing. And they're saying, they're thinking of the money that, that people want to spend on the lottery. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. You got to go out there to hear you. You've heard of a starman and the Biden lottery tickets. See, because that is a Yahoo thing to do is buy lottery tickets. There are lots of Yahoo's that go in here. They get their quarter milk. They get those pickled eggs in a couple of pickled sausages out of that jar and that pink food. And then they got to get a couple of a couple of bucks to got left over. They get that lottery ticket, man. Yeah. Right. Don't be there. Don't don't show it to state a Florida. Right. That's really going education. Right. One of those, uh, mossy, a bastard to get all our money. That's right. Okay. You got it. Have a nice day, Palette. See you. Open line on the purple line. There's coal. Who's like, I'll bet on a shape. In fact, this carries over into tomorrow's episode, which I saw this morning. And poor Vicki goes out there. She's sitting in the coal outside. I'm going to have to carry you in you, discuss it. And he's just all porked off, I guess. See, I don't understand the story. Do you? Because he knew that she was in the centerfold. He knew she did that. He thought the magazine had been suppressed. Right. It wasn't going to be up. And now that it got out, now he's all bent out of shape about what? What does he upset about? Oh, he never saw her body in the daylight. Is that what it is? She always said that the first husband. What? Ryan? Ryan was married to her? Originally, yes, when she was very young. Yeah, and love is frigid and wouldn't do it with him. I got news for anybody wouldn't do it with Ryan. It'd have to be cold as a block of ice. How would you do it with him? Here's my amy. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you? Okay. That was one of the most funniest season ready ever heard. What was that? Guy with a banjo, whatever that is. Oh, yeah, that was a beautiful thing. I say sign them up. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, uh. Uh, I hear from uh. Yeah. Oh, God. Come on. Don't lose it now. You're doing so well. You're off to such a good start. Not. All right. I heard from my unconfirmed source that the listening guy would roll out. You'd from an unconfirmed source, meaning what? You heard it through the grapevine? Yeah. Well, what does that mean? Why don't Why don't you call it tick and master and find out, do you want to go? Oh yeah. Baddley. Oh, it sounds to me like you got the hots for Luis. You want to just climb all over his body. Ah. And whisper beautiful things in his ears. Definitely. Do you? Why not? He looked pretty good to me. They're in Vegas last Saturday. He looked, I was standing. I could almost reach out and just pat it him on the shoulders. A good job, Pally. I'm telling you, I was like 15 feet away. He was right up there and he was working up a sweat and he kept opening up another button and another button and another button and another button. He was just almost stark necked by the end of that show. And all those crazy Mexicans were standing up in my way. I was getting really porked off. By the way, you're right about Mike Jagson. Yeah. He should get some shade to a live remote. He is Mr. Coolman. He's the coolest thing since sliced alava. He's just the best. And if you don't believe me, just ask him. He'll tell you. So you want the CD? Is that what you're sucking around for? Absolutely. Because you're very, very nervous. And obviously, you know, asking me for something for free. You ought to be nervous because you never gave me anything. Right. And I'm putting something in a bag and sending it over here. Right. And just one more thing. Yeah. Terry, if you're listening with that, that's all. What do you, I think what you said? There, Mike. This guy, I swear to you, you're going to talk you way out of this. You're going to just, oh, I already did it wrong. Okay. Hang on. Hang on before it's too late. Okay. He's on one. Get him a couple of mill town and give him a CD and come his ass down. Okay. Give him a couple of doggy down his demand is it. He is hyper ventilating man. He's a little bit nervous, but nevertheless. So anyway, I'm going to go out and salute the old Dixie. We're going to put a big Dixie flag up there in front of WIOD. And we're going to start the Toe and the Line, baby. Hope you like Toe and the Line. South Florida's news talk and entertainment. Oh, I see. News talk, radio's 610 WIOD by M.E. Fort Lauderdale. Fush. Hi, I'm Tom Hau. And I'm really horny for it now. Oh. News talk, radio's 610 WIOD presents the Neal Roger show to talk with Neal call 751 WIOD from Dade. 524 WIOD from Brower. Just the Lickham side. The 3.5 area code. It's toll free. 1-800-944-WIOD. Bell South mobility customers can call star IOD in O'Charm. Okay. Say you're the one customers can call pound IOD in O'Charm. The opinion is expressed by the host guest for callers are not necessarily those of the station or sponsors. Now, Neal Rogers on News Talk, Radio 610 WIOD. The water to the hour. Oh, I need your love, John. Yes, you know it's true. I hope you need my love, John. Just if it's deep up for you, oh, hold me. Touch me. Use me. But me. I need my share of love, John. 8-10 day. I love you every day, John. Just look straight out the blinds. I think this is my best side. Get a tight shot of my behind. Oh, hold me. Touch me. Use me. But me. I need my share of love, John. 8-10 day. 8-10 day. It's just a low ball average. 8-10 day. It's just a low-fuel pay my bail. Oh, I need your love, John. The twice is wiened for you. I hope you need my love, John. My house payment is due. Oh, hold me. Touch me. Use me. But me. I need my share of love, John. 8-10 day. 8-10 day. To teach my husband how to... Oh! 8 times a day. It's good to see you, Daddy. Quail. Love me every day, John. You're always on my tail. Make me a scream for a page of the pursuit. I'll be in jail. Oh, hold me. Touch me. Use me. But me. I need my share of love, John. 8 times a day. 8 times a day. 8 times a day. One of the way to WOD is when a catty is back in Newsponitely. We're so quiet, frankly. I used to get really tired. Especially when she and at girlfriend first started trying to manipulate the show. When her, you know, when her name became dead meat after we had like pounded and, though, whittled it and just, you know, it was just overdone. Finished. But now she's made a comeback and quite frankly, I give her all the credit in the world. It says on Tuesday, Palm Beach County Judge Stephen Cohen dismissed a state demeanor charge against Willot's of committing a Lude Act. She was arrested by our T-T-S-Wild performing at T-S-Lounge, a West Palm B-Terry car. Willot's 35 again National Lotoriety in 1991 when she played guilty to selling sex because she was a nympho maniac. Oh! Was accused of charging T-Lounge's customers to shave whipped cream from her pubic area and performing a sex act with a flash light. But when he's six in the back of my mouth. Cohen said somebody other than a police officer must be offended by Willot's conduct before a Lude Dispilation could be proven. How do you like that? Huh? By the way, I'm looking at those signatures again on this AFA thing. And I noticed that most of them seem to be like in Hollywood and Davy. And of course, we do know that Hollywood and Davy are like basically mostly right across the street from each other. You know what I'm saying? And I see that Confederate flag and an upper right hand corner that that rebel flag. And I'm thinking of myself, Yahoo is what I'm thinking. Boy, I hope why wonder if they were on horseback when they signed these things. Because most of the signatures look kind of shaking except for the Jewish guy. They got one token Jewish guy in here to sign it to type right in no less. And I'm also noticing there are a couple of signatures from Haileo but like Anglo kind of names. I don't see no. I wonder why that would be. You don't think that they like, I don't want to get into it. Here is Boka. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay. Great, sir. It is. These people, these 37 people are a tradition. They're dish bags. Yeah. And what do you expect from Redneck to want to dictate control things? I mean, a lot of Redneck dictators. No question about it. Yeah, these are on bread people. You know, these family treat are stumps. Yeah. You know, you got to consider a source. So I've done being around the bush and slapping you on the back. And I'd like to get a loose Miguel CD from a girlfriend. For your girlfriend, is she into Luis? Yeah, she's Argentine. Oh, really? Holy Toledo. Okay, hang on, pal. He's on a take care of him. How about he? We got left by the way. Because there's nothing worse than giving away more than you got. We got a bunch. Okay, good. This is great. We got a whole bunch of him. We might be able to milk this over to tomorrow too, will he? Oh, my God. This is a beautiful thing. I always told you Luis had a beautiful thing. And now we're here to show it to you. Here's Miami on a Sterline. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, Paisal, how's it going? K. Pasa. Hey, Pasa, listen. I've been listening to you since you were on FM. You turned me on the talk shows. Come on, Vauze. Actually, just yours, really. Yeah, that's it. The Madralis is not a talk show. This is just a thing on the radio. Well, we'll stick this. Right. Yeah. I'm like having your thing on a radio. Listen, with those people over there in David. Yeah. What you have here is a failure to communicate. Right. Right. Exactly. I was listening to a Howard. I tried to imagine yesterday because of listening to you. Yeah. I gave him about 10 minutes, man. He didn't do nothing for me. He did not do anything for me. I will not be turning it on again. And I don't care if he's got a 45 share more power to him. It's just this is not the Howard Stern show. This is just sad. It's a sad situation. Yeah. Well, this is my first time following. So I'm in since that sentence. You're off on FM. How about that? How about six years? Six years, my... Yearsman, I've been listening to you. I've never called that. I'm not. Let me give a meal of call. Tell him I think about Howard. Well, better late than ever, man. All right, Neil. Have a great day. You too. I was to came you'll be this. We have an open line on the Starline. If you have bell soft mobility, star I OD. Yeah. David Ross is there all peeing in their pants over there. They're shaking in their boots. Everybody's having an nervous breakdown. Guess what, David? If I was you, I'd be having an nervous breakdown right now. That format. Oh, man. What a format. How about running like, I got a better idea. Why don't they run like all the spots? Like a half hour back to back. That would be good. Then they'd have a whole half hour show. And just like, here's 30 minutes to spots. This is a true story. When I first came to WINZ and replaced Alan Burke, the dean, me, he rest in peace at night. And it come to fight out from his producer that what he would do depending on what the movie was in, how slowly he was on a given night. Sometimes he would like get to rambling and he would, or reading his poetry. Whatever it was doing. And then he was doing, and didn't want to take his breaks for the spots. So he would like back up a whole hours worth of spots. Maybe they had like 10 minutes worth of spots in that hour, 11 minutes, whatever it was. He would back up all the breaks until he ended the hour. And it would get to be about 12 minutes before the hour. And he would like have the producer run all of spots and then go into the CBS news at the top of the hour. Excellent format, maybe. When I'm on the air, nobody else needs to be on the air. WINZ, do we still have that thing? One thing about this rack over here, poor Roger would be rolling in his grave. Roger, I know you're listening right now, man. We need you back just for a day or two. We don't want you to overstate your welcome, but just for a day or two would be good. And put this damn thing back, put the house back in order. That's messed up fuck to you, dummy. There we go. Poor Alan. Wydling misunderstood. 113 to Wild. Have you ever noticed that when you go to rent a video that you can't find certain kinds of movies? That's right, because some of those video places are very concerned about who's being naughty and nice. Well, now you have access to movies that not only couldn't you find, but probably didn't even know existed. An ounce, being video search of Miami, you're alternative to finding the movies that you really want. Video search of Miami is a mail order service that gives you access to over 10,000 films. sexy films, action films, horror films from all over the world, blood and gut movies, even uncut versions of American films. Starring uncut actors. And the cost is only 25 bucks for any item in the catalog. Video search of Miami. If you want to catalog, just call 279 9773. 279 9773. The except checks, cash money orders, visa, master card, whatever you got they'll take it. All orders will be shipped within two days. Video search of Miami is open Monday through Saturday, noon to six. You can also arrange for additional information to be sent right to your home. 279 9773. Video search of Miami, you're alternative for films you thought were unavailable. And thousands of things that are so amazing. So grow tests, so be us just bizarre that you'll be amazed. 279 9773 for video search of Miami. This is South Florida's news, talking entertainment station. You talk radio station, you check that. Come on in a better than Roger's entertainment report. And don't you forget it, dummy. Oh, I... Hold the time was right for you to have a real-en job. And your comparison needed some work to. Only when to see. You'll have Joey, he can turn his crew. Now you're in jail with your own TV crew. It could be gone. The money, pay me what you've got to do. Joey, you bought a food too. Words worth? Now you're in jail with all the money too. Oh, no, no. I actually see why you think that you've got it made. And hold the whole over our eyes. A media screen now I can see. That it isn't only you, is you all free. It's a money making track of speed. Grab a big old stack of money. Amy, what you've got to do? Joey, you bought a food too. It takes a jail and all the money too. Oh, you, you, you. What do they want from him? He didn't know not. He didn't know not. He didn't know not. No, Joey. They're not doing it alone. One night in a WOD. He's an amazing part of what's going on today. And most people are too stupid to realize it. The people who become famous are the ones who are like notorious because they're so grow test-consuch assholes. Whether it's the juice, whether it's a Joey Barafuco and Amy Fisher, whether it's Tonya Harding and the Jeff Galouli. These are the people who like and John Bobbitt. Who after we had his thing or sliced off still was going, still got busted again like beaten up some women because he's just basically an angry kind of a guy. Somebody sliced yours off. You're probably a little angry about it too. So what's wrong? He takes it out on some bitch. I'm sorry. Here's a, that was a very bad thing to say right before this lady in Cooper City. Hello. Boy, that's your wife. That was a bad segue. Well, let's get it. Just a joke. Just a joke. Okay, I'm, I'm, except that. Of course. I'd rather spend it evening with you than how it's turned. Okay. And I'm late. Yeah. Well, you'd need me with me would be interesting. Not too exciting, but interesting. Well, that's because I enjoy this. You made me laugh. Well, that's good. Okay. So, uh, couple of questions. Um, you know, I was busy with the high holidays here and I didn't read the paper or watched the news. Boy. But I thought that you see those were in. And yesterday I think in the hair, I was like, what do you, what do you thought they were in? I thought everybody would just film this time. And I guess I'm, I guess I should have had another poll yesterday. Yeah, in the paper, the previous today, today, saying that 56% are against them. Yeah. And I think can't defend this side. But they haven't even started their campaign yet. No, they're going to start today. Right. And at their two, they're going to be starting their big push. And now they're going to start, uh, you know, brainwashed. I mean, educating the public and getting to understand the reality of things. Well, I sure hope they wake up. And I know you're doing your best. I'm doing, listen, I'm going to vote 400 times. I'm not a election day and everybody I know I hope they voted least the two, three times. Well, I'm going to vote two, so tell everybody to vote. I'm going to do it. It's about time. I like your outlook on different subjects. Do you have any outlook on the kid with all the transplants today? The state of paying half a million dollars for it? I didn't hear that. Oh, the thing in the news for a couple of years, that his mother couldn't afford it. And the state said that they wouldn't pay for it. And then I think it went to the Supreme Court. And I said, well, of course, we have to pay for it. Yeah. Yeah. Well, maybe at the same time, we'll just put crime boy in the electric chair. We won't have to pay for him anymore, so we can make up for it. Have a great day. Hey, listen. I love Luis Miguel. Oh. Oh. Well, I almost stuck my finger on me. And I'm your fifth five minute to two. Concert every day. Well, this way you can listen in the privacy of your own thing all day. Hang on. I'm going to buy a pretty monitor five to two. Okay. Hang on. Thank you. She's telling me what to do. Okay, she's on five. Hey, listen. I played them the other day when I came back from the concert. A wonderful thing. And I still think about that L. The D.A.K. McCattas man. That would say, oh, that guy with a big Italian accordion. There's nothing like a big Italian accordion. And it was just a nice thing. Of course, like I said, those Mexicans, they're just a little unruly of few of them. I mean, most of the people are like 1500 people jam-packed into that room, like Mexican jumping beans. And all it takes is like a half a dozen of unruly people have no consideration for anybody else. And of course, with my luck, they happen to be at the table right next to me center stage. Sit on. All right. How to get the Carson County Sheriff's people in a drag some of these people out. That should give you an idea. But it only went on for like the first 40 or 50 minutes of a two hour concert. So, what can I tell you? And of course, by that time, it's song like 90% of everything that I wanted to see in here. And like, you know, get out of the way. I want to take a look at this guy. Let's, you know, can that be felt? No, sit, it was just, it was beautiful. So I hope to see October 7th that we got, we got so, finally we're getting to that part of the year when there's a little stuff going on now. We got October 4th. We got the over the world. Let's start first things first. Tuesday the 27th. We got the first Panther game of the year. It's the only exhibition game at home this year against the lightning. So even though it's an exhibitionist game, still we got a real team that we hate like poison. We ought to pack that place to is the, I'll be there with Bells on. Then the fourth of October, the flyers will be here opening regular season game of the Panthers. That's on Tuesday. Thursday night is, um, who the hell we play on Thursday? I think the same Louis Blues. That's right. Then on the next night Friday, the seventh is the night. I'll be there with the Louis Miguel concert at the night center. He'll be here the sixth, seventh, and eighth. And Saturday afternoon, we got the Ranger game and pop at O Park opens Friday the seventh. So my first day of the night will be the eighth. Oh my God. Heavy duty. See sooner or later, if you wait long enough in this boring God forsaken toilet of a place that we live in sooner or later, things come in good bunches. 1, 23 at Wiod. Hi, I'm Bob Green, General Manager of Wiod Radio. Encouraging you to listen to the Phil Henry show every afternoon, 2 to 6 right here on Wiod. I don't agree with everything he says, but excuse me. The pay phone challenge news from around the planet and a lot more. It's Rick and Suss, we day mornings right here. So, uh, where's the Davey gravy line? 127 at Wiod. He may be Davey's up at Delaware, Ohio for a little brown chug. Tony accountant, how you doing, Tony? I'm my friend is packed here. He wants to believe it must be 15,000 people here. How's the weather? It's a little late, man. It was a day like 80 degrees. The ratio is fine. The track is fast. It's a standard. Now, what time are these eliminations going to go off? Um, a little time is personal elimination. No time. Probably in the fire by now or from now. Hour from now, great. So, in other words, by we time we get to the final all be home, be able to see it on the on TV. That is correct. Hold on, I give you time. How great is it? Hold on. Hello. Hey, Tommy, how you doing? Neil, how you doing? Great, fantastic. And Tom there, what he did is he's faxes me three pages. Two of them are the same page. So instead of having like all the lily eliminations here, I don't have the race that you're in. Now, I assume. So it really gives me an opportunity to have an intelligent conversation with you. But magical mic is the horse you train. Michael, it's trans is still driving am I right? Right. And is that, I guess is going to be the one that felt in future, isn't? Yes. And that's the horse to beat? Him and historic, yes. And historic. Now, how's magical, Mike, when racing last three four starts? He wanted last start. We can have to go and play out at 52 and 1. Wow. Beautiful. And what post have you got? Two old. Well, there you go, not bad. That helps on the inside and I have small tracks. Yeah, you better believe it. I'm looking at these other two. And of course, everybody, Cam's car chart, still going to be the favorite in the rich kit richer. He draws the rail as if he needs the extra help with John Campbell. So he's going to be almost a certain lock in at first in that one elimination. Perfect. And then I'm looking at the other one. Of course, Pacific Rock at another bill Robinson horses in there. But I'm looking at this three horse, slick pavement with my friend Dave Pallone. This horse qualified at the meadows on a 16th of September, wins by 22 lengths 52 and 4 with the last half and 54 and 4. Yeah, it's big. Unbelievable. I know, sometimes horses will do that when they're not in against anyone looking at them. Right. So who knows? I mean, it's very good though. So what do you think, on the half mile track? Because I know that, of course, from the rail, we got a different story because back in the cane, Cam's car chart drew the five hole and he got parked the mile. And of course, they're quitting finished fifth. From the rail, can anybody beat him? It doesn't seem to be that way. No, no one can beat him. I don't think in the first he's anyway. OK. And what about in the other heat with the Pacific Rock at and slick pavement? Pacific Rock, and I think it's the best in there because they got a horse with the rail too. That's going to control the race. Expensive scooter with Campbell. And then you're going to come Pacific Rock at no probably sitting one two. So that's tough there. As usual, Bill Robinson's always one two. And then in your heat? Well, hopefully everything's going on fold in the first turn just depends who gets out of there the best. That's kind of the heat pitch and toughest, maybe more tough with colds in one heat. What post-position felt in future draw? You've got the three or the four. You've got the three at that. Uh-huh. The four at the five. So they're all right in the ball game in the first turn. So you got a fast track, a beautiful day, a big crowd Tom says, and all I can suggest you is to keep at least one figure in the year because we don't watch your Houston breaking your rear drums. Exactly. Okay. Good luck, Tommy. Okay. Good talking to you. Okay. Bill. Yes. Just want to let you know, Jackie Moe won the first race, say, 2240. But did you have him Tom? Yes. All right. Now we're talking. Yes. $18 per second. Outstanding. You sounded like he had a smile on your post. Okay. Well, listen. Good luck. Plunge your brains out and thanks. So forget him Tommy for us. All right, buddy. Okay. See you soon. Okay. Our friend Tom, the accountant, was a real harness racing nut. Every year he goes up there to Delaware, a little brown jug. And that's good. Our buddy Tommy Howton has got magical Mike Canary. Boy, almost feel like I was there. But like I said, Roger Houston, keep those earplugs and don't pop the plugs until Araces over because he is screaming and puke and your remaining acroger. Here's Hylia. Hello. No, sir. No, sir. Pedro, yo. Your whispering too low. Can't hear you. How you doing, my friend? What's wrong with your phone? I think I went a crappy phone date. Oh, man. Can't hear this pain. Oh, yeah. And it's going to happen again today. This is the guy you wanted to see the yesterday. Yeah. And then you said crap on the ear. Please, Neil. Did you say crap? Are you the guy said crap yesterday? Yes. You are. I apologize for infusing. I apologize for infusing. I beg for forgiveness. I didn't hang up on him. Cross you. No, no, he got cut off. I think I hung up on him. No, no, I put you on hold. I know. And what happened? It was my fault. It was your fault. Boy, you sound like really want repentance here. You want forgiveness, okay? I told you about that. I guess my ring. Hang on, pal. Hang on tight. Cause it happens again. You're so well. Hang on. He's not to get him real quick. Cause his phone blows. Oops. Yeah. Whoops. There it is. We have an open line on a purple line at pound IOD. My God. They're doing it at Delaware, Ohio, a little brown jug. Pompidopark will be reopening for the fall meet in a couple of weeks. And Luis Miguel coming. Well, it's just all of a sudden life is almost worth living here. Almost. Underlining almost. But we got the Confederate flag over here. They populous party of Florida and the AFA who seem to be kissing cousins there together. Up there in the tree there. They're picking in grinning man. And they got, they got a plan up there to sleeve. Of course, you can't see there to sleeve because it's underneath the sheets. Let's go to our fight on the storyline. Hello. Yes, sir. We're doing it. Couple of things. Yes. First of all, I was so happy to see very, very, vicious, pick it as nose and cherry-john. I think I'm going to win and lose. Yes. I agree wholeheartedly. Let's get out of here. I was saying go Detroit, baby. Go in lines. How sick thing are those guys? Yeah. I would've been very upset because I went to bed in the third quarter. And lines were head I think 20 do a seven at that point. Something like that. And I'd have been really psychotic if I had a sit-through Dallas making a big comeback. And then thinking they were going to escape with at least a tie. But Mitch, Mitch nearly blew it. He hadn't threw a couple of guys. Nearly blew it, but they hung on. He looked pretty good to the part of the game I saw. Yeah, but towards the end he looked terrible. Yeah. Oh, he looked like you can tell he was rattled. The second of all in that. Luckily, he didn't get to read the Palm Beach post. But there was an article by a guy called John Neesie. Oh, the guy who's there to be on a missing food label. About what? Saying why gambling is a bad bet. Oh, yeah. Oh, Florida. Oh, sure. Oh, my God. It was 60. I mean, I know wait a minute. That's the same guy that writes for the asuncental. You mean Jack Neesie? Jack Neesie. Yeah, that's the guy. Any ASC. I read that the other day. Okay. They got that out of the suncental. I guess he just writes the one propaganda piece. They're going to print in papers all over the state. Oh, it's a lot easier that way. You were looking after it. Yeah. It was that pathetic or what? Offel. Just said, really tragic. Just another mouthpiece for all these selfish bastards who want to keep everything to themselves. And that's it. That's the name of the game. What do you think of the chances? Because the seminal is not going to do anything until the boat comes. That's right. And it is. That's the deal, man. Like I said before, either we get it or the Indians are going to get it. Either we get all of benefit. We get the revenue or just give it to them. That's the choice. I mean, one way or the other, it's going to be here. Whether these the antithols like it or not. So they can make up their mind. If they want to reap some benefits or if they just want to hand it over to the Indians. Maybe I'm going to vote. How many times can we vote? It's 201. 72. I think. I'm going to vote 72 and so my kids. Okay. Thank you. See you. No, remember the 8th vote early and often for casino gambling and vote for Governor Walkin' Lotton man because anybody that pops prosack all they can't be all bad. Not that he's good, but look at the opposition. Talk about chilling. Talk about right wing. Talk about Confederate flags. Talk about the antithol. Talk about repression. We're talking about the bush man, baby. Never been to Big Unbush. I got to be honest with you. 135 at WIOD. This afternoon and two don't missville, Hindry. Every one of him right here. On the light bulb. Come on you, I am here. Get bush. Hey! The man! It's bad. It's bad. It's good. It's good. You made me cry. What a song the new is as hard to believe my collection just married my least. I'm a reason he's a weirdo. I hear you. Baby that's no lie. He goes a very one thing that she don't need. It's some more tabloid complicity with the weirdo. He's a weirdo. I guess that I don't understand. No she won't remember. The sky in the under way. The guy in like you need. He ain't got no dinghy. But I just cannot turn my head. I really think he's gay. Well my stomach turns. He's a girl in man with a plastic nose, probably France is round in a panty course. He's a weirdo. He's a weirdo. Well now being dead ain't so bad because it won't ever get to come dead. You did dial this. We know you're in the federal witness protection program. That's whole thing about that plane and all that stuff. And the Miami connection. We know all about that. I don't know if it's your out there somewhere, baby. So anyway, like I said at the beginning of the show, if you got $40,000,000 to pay everybody off. Keep everybody's mouth shut. And all of a sudden their memory starts just failing real bad. They get like lock jaw. What about that's all about? Here's candle. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah hi. First of all, I can't believe he keeps up this pace five days a week. I know it's frightening. Isn't it it's frantic frenetic? I don't think anybody realizes how hard it is what you do. It is very hard. And a show too. Yeah. I just had a few more 13, 14 minute commercial breaks in between. I get like a second win. Yeah. I got like I want you to do. Yeah. What if you could help me? I've been trying to give a donation to Camille, South South 3 weeks. I can't get return phone calls now. Do you know anybody else that is working with the homeless that I could work with? The Miami Rescue Mission downtown, which I don't have the number, but that's one. Daily bread food bank is a great, very good charity. Daily bread food bank. Which I'm sure if you call 411, I got the number. Yeah, I'm going to be a name veteran. We have money we want to give the name of a boy that died and he might use the work at homeless. And the other thing was, I sent some letters into your station from the club at club. Uh-huh. And wanted to do some work with the team. Oh right. Yeah. I got to talk to a Steve Nichol back about that. Right. Okay. That's a good idea. All right. Appreciate it. So I'll just wait to hear from you. We'll be back to you. Thanks a lot. Bye. Hope it light and date 751 and one on a purple line. Just still a little on the anemic side. Six of iron in that baby, man. Stick with the iron. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Great. Hey, have you heard about 80s? One of their most prominent weapons against the US troops when they invaded that island down there? What was that, jerky? No, no, no. This is for you. Okay. Only Andrew. Only Andrew. Is that like, only Andrew New York? Yes. You know, it's like, if anybody who breathes this stuff in, it ain't the pass case and for 60 hours to what a half days. Wow. You asked you to know about this stuff down there. Are you under? Only Andrew. Ask any Haitian food to priest and he will tell you it's true. They all believe it. The food is priests. Any food to any person that's well versed in the food of religion? Yama 80. I will tell you, only Andrew powders for real. Yama. That, uh, that blue breeze is stuff. You can't just pass a tate some for 60 hours to an half days. Yeah. And they'll do anything that the Haitians tell them to do. And, you know, they want to, they want to use this. Oh, wait. In some other words, it'll make somebody do anything you tell them to do. Basically, it can't be. Oh, the pass a tate some, but they're kind of, that's what I'm talking about. Let's forget about the Haitians. That we're to we get some of this stuff. Oh, we need it. Because I can think of a lot of people I'd like to give just a little powder on that. That would be beautiful. Right. But do anything you want for two and a half days? What's that? I see two and a half days sounds like a pretty interesting amount of time. You can accomplish your hell of a lot in that period of time. I know, but it's supposed to be for real. Yeah. I'm good sore to tell them about this stuff down there that just got no stuff about the food to do related stories. When you better call off Jimmy Carter and tell him to watch this is a behind you know what I'm saying? Yeah. And before I got to run on the car somebody, it do spares. Okay, go ahead. Down to my good. Good spares. Okay. See you. Take a powder. We have it over now. Like a BC powder. See every time I think of that, I think a redneck. That's bad. Why do I think of red, because of their spots probably. There's spots are always real Yahoo. Those BC powder. Take a powder. See there I go again with that thing about southerners and that deep southern accent. I always take a Yahoo. I'm sure there's some very bright people from the deep south. I haven't ever met any, although Julian Bond and Barbara Jordan there we go again. And anybody else who can take out who's from the deep south who's really bright, articulate, no? There must be one somewhere. No? We'll find one someplace. I just don't come across him. Here's Miramar. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing? Great. I have a print shop in Miramar. Yes. And we just finished printing 100,000 flyers, things to vote yes for gambling. Oh, beauty. And we've been actually printed 20,000 before that and we've been passing them out in the weekend. And we've got like a little newsletter on the bottom. And a lot of the information that we've been putting on the flyer, I've got a lot of ideas from when I saw you on the Kinno Play Oto Show. Right. And from this end to your radio show. And that's what you're all that, you know, we're doing our part to a beautiful of it. This is something that you're just doing on your run on our own. Great. Outstanding. Because I agree with every issue that you've said so far about the gambling. Every issue. Got to have it man. Got to have it. It's our only hope. It's the only light at the end of the long dark tunnel for this state. Well, I mean, I like black checks so much that I wouldn't mind being at the, you know, train the be a killer myself. Yeah, they're making 55 grand a year to start. Big bucks. Not bad. Can I go somebody to do something? I have to call a picture about this. Hey, bears watching. Do space. Okay. Keep doing it, baby. You got it. Thanks. Okay. So there's people out there that are like doing everything and that's what we need. Because I don't care how many millions they spend. You got to take people out there and like knock some sense in them whether they like it or not. You follow? You got to take the methods of the opposition and beat them over the head with a two by four. And knock some sense into that thick skull. Say, hey, this is what we got to have. We're talking jobs. We're talking money. We're talking about big name at our team. We're talking about revitalizing this whole area instead of letting most of the living tourists go up to Orlando. Who the hell gives a flying crap about Orlando? I mean, I know we have some people who listen through all the static up there like in Kissimmee and those other Yahoo places. Don't take it personal, although it might be partially, but we just need some stuff down here. We need some action. We need some living and breathing people and some money to pay for all this other crap that the government keeps inflicting on us. Not to mention a place to go and have a good time, which I know is pretty revolutionary, but we can't all fit into Cathy Willot's house. 146 to WIOD. This is South Florida's news, talking entertainment station. New stock radio station. It's great, but nobody will do it. I'll always be here. Hey, come here! I'm a sweet, uh-huh. Now, function of the junction. In other words, crappy equipment. We need to get out of the way. We need to get out of the way. We need to get out of the way. We need to get out of the way. We need to get out of the way. We need to get out of the way. We need to get out of the way. We need to get out of the way. We need to get out of the way. We need to get out of the way. We need to get out of the way. We need to get out of the way. We need to get out of the way. Secondly, we need to get out of the way together. Oh my God, how funny. But our house is a small house. I call it recycling the same old tired crap as what it's called because it's about as much creativity with those TV people as there is cash in my ass. I'm sorry. Well, quarter just fell out. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Yes, Neil? Yes, sir. Yes, I was wondering just a couple of things. I was asking one of the observation I did on a son there was like channel surfing. See? And I caught out of the sports rep show with Mr. Mandage. Mr. Mandage, you mean Sunday night? Yes, Sunday night. And I was wondering how I mean seeing how much you like them and so if you never really mention now he has a straight and resemblance to like a muppet from one of those old gins and shows. You turned. He really does. He really really really really. Wait a minute. I like him on here. I don't like to be with him or see him. I'm going to see him. I get physically ill. I do like this work that he does on here because he's got a big mouth and he's like it's excited and enthusiastic. And we especially need him on the dolphin broadcast to wake Bill's in for up. And then the other thing I want to touch with is how he's really. Honestly, we need that enthusiasm as in. Well, all right. We're else. Can you get there? Yeah, that's true. That's definitely true. And the other question I want to touch with is, yes, today I noticed I was listening to your show and you didn't mention too much what you think would happen to black busers Mr. Wayne jump the boat. Well, I don't think that's going to make any difference. He's got all his little soldiers in place and you know, of course. He's still on a one hand. He'll say he's unenvolved. He'll step down. He won't have the title anymore. But you know, it's just like with the heat. You know, he's on the outside. It's supposed to be his brother and I'll always got his finger in it. Man, trust me when I tell you. And you can feel it. You really, it's not a it's not a repository that's Wayne's finger. Yeah, just another way of doing one of the little slightly slightly slimy is the word. You got it to a team. One more thing Neil. Yeah, life would love. I just wish I could feel this coming. You know what I'm saying? And maybe she will too. Hang on, pal. Thank you very much. Okay. That's what he's hoping. I'm sure he had a line two for our let me go. There are piezon. Our piezon on a west coast. He's taking care of this. I'm sorry. Oh boy. Just, well, they just a lot of stuff coming up. We got the gambling thing going like I said. It's almost enough to get me excited about being here. Not quite, but almost. Here is a sunrise. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Going great. Yeah, that BC. You know why that. I'm going to remind you that it stands for Brainless Cowpoke. Cowpoke being the operative word there. This populist party you're talking about. Yeah. That's pretty, brainless there. How pop this going to be with 35 people? Thirty. Thirty. People in five of them were in the same house. So now we're down to like 32. And they all seem to be like in that Davey Hollywood border line area. You know where the cows are in the middle of the grazing right of the road. They all seem to be hanging around by there with their horse. Come get their fat ass off the couch and get them something to do. You know, keeps them occupied. Keeps them busy. And of course, when they're not so in up those sheets on the weekend, it's given a little something else a little hobby for him. Right. I wish Howard could go to the ten to two slides. So he could compete with you. It wouldn't compete, but just so he could go down the toilet like he. Well, he's doing his thing. I'm not after today. I don't worry about Howard anymore because like I said, I gave him a second chance today. And I listened through all those spots and through a long pond of his bid and stuttering John was very funny Howard and Robin were less funny. And it's just it's not a big deal. It's just not going to take my life. Howard you're a beauty. Okay. Neil. Yeah. I'm going to see the thing on. Okay. He's on five. See it's amazing how when you give something away. They all say you're the best man. Can I get something? You're just going to suck a bottle of it. Not give me something. How about giving me something?