you're getting just out of control. I know. Don't be afraid to keep swinging and ringing. Yeah, because I'm picking it up. I'm not going to sit here begging these assholes to call. They want to play this game now. This is the game they want to play. They want to play with something. And they have got to go on a equipment. We have to provide it for them. I knew. Yes. I was saying to complain about girls. It's her. They know. Playing. Why? You're playing that. That. That. You know what you're talking about. You know. Like you. You're. The. The. The. That's the. You. Huh. Have a great day. You know what I mean. I never got any idea what you're talking about. You play. You're. The one that's real. You. Oh, you're talking about Luis Miguel. Make it. Yeah, my. I. They. Oh, yeah, Miguel. It's. It's. I mean, I'll see you in Toronto on the Gil University all the time every day. That's what that means. Right. Beautiful song. Have a great day. You. Got me. I know. Your. Your. I'm. See you. But take care. And don't forget. I'm not. See you. Bye. Bye. Do you want to be the. Deal. Speaking. Depot. Yeah. They. Mike Mayo on Sports Talk tonight. All right. Yes. Oh, even to Jeff the forest the only other person in America. At least on this in his pathetic town. It's got the balls to put Mike Mayo on here and respond to that suckhold. Trashing is beginning all morning on the W.A. and East station all Wayne All day. Why the pressure on the Sun Sentinel now for coming out against fire. Faster. Yes. Screw them. And I noticed that the Dave hide in Mike Mayo and Dave Joseph. The end of the guy on the op-ed page of the ladies and the only guys in his town in Bob Ruben by the way who needs a new hairpiece. The only guys in this town in the print media. They got the balls to tell it like it is. They got something other than bebees down there around the. Exactly. So what time's that going to be at six? About six. Outstanding. Deal. Congratulations, Paulie. And now, Archu Glad that you can look yourself in the mirror. That you're still here with us and don't have to work with a bunch of butt kissing fools like Jimmy Seffalo and Joseph Gackie and Fat Hank. Little freedom of speech out. There you go. Bye. See you. How do you like that? Jeff DeForest puts the great Michael Mayo of the Sun Sentinel who wrote that brilliant column who might even bring in some Egyptian Hall of Art and I'd see. We're not going to sit here on this radio station. Even though we are your dolphin station and Dean Jordan thinks we're part of the family. Well, we're not in the right family. Our nose don't bend in the right spot. Okay, Dean, you asshole. You jack ball. You goof plug. And so we're going to like give everybody an opportunity to speak especially if they agree with us. 114 at WIOD. God, this is just like a whirlwind, man. The lines have been drawn in the sand. The eight billion dollars of the coxisters against the puny few hundred million of H Wayne who can't even afford a good hair piece. Don't forget, Pomp and O Park. We're going to be doing it tonight. Great racing. And of course tomorrow night is 50 cent night. No rip off like those gigantic expensive beers at certain stadiums. 50 cent beers hot dogs and so does all night long tomorrow and every Friday. And then and of course also our track pack tomorrow night, which we just got to come up with a winner tomorrow. We got a pickle horse that's still alive. I'd like that dead piece last week. We won't be picking any Jim Langley horses I guarantee on that. And then Saturday, of course, it's the handicapping challenge. You're a chance to pick the winners in the fifth six and seventh race and be eligible for a free 60 second betting spree the same night. And the $1,000 cash giveaway just fill out the entry blank. And then you'll go home with a thousand bucks bulging out of your pocket or maybe something else who knows. Don't forget, exciting harness racing continues all the way through September 3rd. Pomp and O Park post time 730 will see you there tonight for sure. Cross your heart and hope to win a big one at Pomp and O Park. He was his word. Not as pedophile. And I'll put it. That's a cool. I just can't get over it man. Just flopping on the side of the ass and on the push at the same time. Jeff de Forest with Mike Mayo of the sunset and the light. See, we're just not going to let Dean Jordan put the words in our mouth. Okay, for stick his foot up our ass or stick our head up Wednesdays. We're just not going to do that here, all right. And thank God for us. I don't care. Maybe the public out there doesn't appreciate it. Maybe these issues aren't all that important to most people out there. Maybe most people don't go to any of these sports games. Most people don't live in Miramar. Most people don't give a flying crap about anything that's going on around them. But what's in it for them? But it just gladdens my old aching heart to see that at least and as much as you can rip management and God willing knows I do all the time. The one thing I got to say, I can't take it too many others. But the other way to have my check. But the one thing I got to say is at least on this, where their initial reaction was, ah, you know, Dean's out of home. We better call it. They finally thought about it for about three seconds. This is it to him. Okay. He's not running this place. They don't own this place. And quite frankly, they never will because they couldn't afford to buy this place. Well, they could. But they won't because of the people. Well, I wish they would, man. Just write me that check. Just loan me about the $23 million weight. And I'll be out of here in a second. And there's a shake of a lamb's tail. And what is the public out there doing? They're sitting on their goddamn ass. Why, gee, can't we have more the O.J. Like my mother says to me at lunch yesterday. She says, so what do you think of the O.J. Simpson thing? I said, cut it out. My get out of here already. Starting nagging me about some stupid crap in my aware of the towels. And the closet again, even that would be an improvement over the O.J. business. W-Y-O-D. Yeah, hello. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning, guys. What is it? 200 years, guys. Yes. Here. Yeah, I know that. I never got picked up cold before. Yeah. Well, listen, I just dropped you cold too because you sound like a third. W-Y-O-D, hello. Hello. Yes. Speaking. Well, this is the worst. The worst. You're going to have to call me back. The worst phone I've heard. Don't take it personally, sir, but your phone is just clinking and clanking and puking. And I'm sure that you can do better justice to yourself and that. So call back. Get a really good concoction and concoction. What have you got there, Lisa? Some copy. We have copy, isn't that exciting? Are we getting very efficient here? God only knows if we live long enough. We might get that damn sales department straightened out, but I certainly doubt it. W-Y-O-D, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I'd like to tell you what I just said to eat for lunch at W-Y-O-D. Yeah, Wayne Dees. I had a quadruple gold burger with extra cheese. Yeah. A gold digger? Yeah. I baked potato with a marocardilla broccoli. Yeah. And a large frothy's my ass with no lid on top. Okay. Back in the heel. Wayne has got to be sponsored by the way. Something he likes to tell you, sir. Are you listening? Yeah, I'm waiting. I don't have a bonespite. Have a great day, Pally. We have an open line on the purple line at Pound IoT. How about those bits, Wayne? You got any zits? Huh? I think he's got zits for brains myself. I know he's worth all that money. He must be doing something right. Yeah. Okay. The old Reesy Palm Stokes the Wheel or something. 121 at W-Y-O-D. It's hot fun in this story. I don't do my job as well when I'm constantly playing. You're young. You're turning. And you haven't got to hope and hell of getting a Decent job. You're a generation act. And you're constant anxiety about the future. Can really mess up your digestive system. Hey, dude. Hey. What's wrong, man? I haven't taken a crap in three days. Well, constipated? No. Just not motivated, you know? For you, there's new Generation Acts Lacks. The only Lacks that are formulated especially for the X generation. I have to take a crap sometime, man. The boomers took all the really good crap. You know? I know. My parents used to go to the bathroom all the time in the 60s. My parents took a crap at woodstock. I am really tired of hearing about that. Generation X Lack. The Lack's that of for young people who just can't give a crap. The 125, I bet a lot of people went back and cracked in the same spot. What's stock 2? As they did it, woodstock 1. There you go. X marks the spot. That's called leaving your mark on the world before you depart to that big woodstock in the sky. Isn't that a beautiful thing? Like, Jiselle Fernandez said, or was it Jiselle McKenzie? It was nothing more than like mud wrestling and a bunch of crap. Wiod on a purple line. Real god. Yes? Oh, you're nearly. Okay. Real listen. What can we do for this weed, aren't we? When they come out with some new shirts, when I come to the put out to you, you're nearly shirt. In November, no doubt. Okay, because those are pretty plain. I'm looking for like, better graphics. Some better graphics? Yeah. Like what? I don't know, maybe. Like how you set up a plane's ass, that'd be good. We'll put that on the front. There you have it, your team's joined right up. Thanks. Wiod. Hello. Yeah. I just want to say that I think Wayne, Robster and Swampang, that I know. Okay. And the wind. And Chris, tropical storm. Chris. There was an incredible story. The Tom Hopkins, our news director, was in here. And maybe our new ahausen, our assistant programming ace, was in here as there. Everybody was in here hopping up the free food. And Tom Hopkins says to me, well, I've got an update on Chris for you. I left it on your desk. And she says, you make Chris Baker. Haven't you heard of tropical storm, Chris Baker? Wiod. Hello. Neil. Yeah. First of all, let me tell you my wife and I. And she was a great fan of yours for many years. Well, that's great. And we agree with everything you said. Yeah. Yeah. And I agree with this Neil. Stuff. Yeah. What are you talking about? Not Neil. Sorry. Neil stuff. No. Yeah. What is, what is the stop them from some day telling you? Well, if you all want to buy tickets to see the football, you'll have to buy basketball. There you go. That's right. That's right. And of course, I don't give a crap about the heat. I wouldn't go to see the NBA if they didn't need to pay me. That's right. If they ram it down your throat, what are you going to do? There's a word for it. Sir, it's called Monopoly and the idea that people are giving their blessing to this in his town shows just how stupid they are. If you want to go see a concert, give your money to Wayne. If you want to see basketball, give your money to Wayne. If you want to see a football game, a baseball game, a hockey game. Give your money to Wayne. If you want somebody to pick up your garbage, give your money to Wayne. If you want to go have your tape read, wow, go straight to jail. Do not collect your honor and it just goes on and on. If you want to go play a miniature put pot, give your money to Wayne. If you close a zero, you don't expect to get your money back. But set a red center, and not only that, but don't believe anything he says because the man has turned into a compulsive liar. I think you're right. We gotta remember one word also, boycott. If anybody has the ball to do it. Okay. Listen, also you mentioned monster. We want for free. I said monster video. We want for free. Okay. Also Neil. You mentioned Toronto and McGill University in the same breath. Yes. McGill is in Montreal. I said the Montreal all the way. Oh, go. Go out of Wets. Toronto, Arkansas. The Montreal world. The last time I saw it, he was sort of pitch in 1983. Montreal world. That's right. The International League against the Rochester Red Wings. I wrote like it was just yesterday. I was at the game. And was there either tremendous talking about that. That's right. Left hander Tommy Lasorta. That's right. Okay. Thank you. Have a great day, Pauling. See you. And that's before Tommy found out about his son. And he was in peace. We have an open line. See that was another hypocrite right there. The right there, Lasorta. They had a guy, a right-feel, or a black kid, very light-complexed. Kind of like a light chocolate kid. By the name of Glenn Burke, who made the mistake of coming out of the closet, needless to say he didn't play for the Dodger organization very long. Then come to find out that Tommy Lasorta's own son, uh, flew on outside of the street. Then died from AIDS. But of course, uh, not too much has been said. Because the Dodger organization doesn't want to condone that kind of, uh, whatever it is. Because they like that Disney land mentality out there. W-W-I-O-D. Hello. No. Yeah. Love it, baby. W-I-O-D. Hello. Neil. Yeah. What's happening, guys? I can't believe that the people that, uh, you know, the Luis Miguel's, uh, we have this, uh, record company. As I give you guys any, uh, tickets or something. They haven't given us the time of day. The only thing they send us is about 85 of these calendars, where you keep ripping the day off for how many days before he's coming. Oh man. So I just keep ripping off one in a time because I'm sure he's coming every day to somewhere. I can't believe he even got the cock and mulled lady. It's turned out to be the reason. Oh, that latest cut man that Moss Ayad de Toto. I-I played that, you know, this is going to make people, uh, wonder about my sanity. All the way home yesterday. I did listen to part of Phil with that great, uh, Wayne's, uh, agent on here. But then after that, I played it like about 85 times over and over there, coming to work all the way to work this morning with all those respect to Rick Wiley and his, uh, and his, uh, co-hanger in the attic. Uh, I listen to Mr. Listen to it like, uh, 20 times just over and over. I'm just swept away by that song. My speakers will be pitted in that corvette. I'm just cranking it so loud. I feel the same way. I give goosebumps in my ass on my neck on my, uh, places I can mention. Uh-huh. That's exactly what that is. But I tell you, so 95 has been, uh, I'm going to be giving away tickets and, uh, who has so 95, whatever that, uh, El Sol? Yeah. Has been given away concert tickets? Oh, for a month now. What kind of crap is that? What are we chop-liver? I will guarantee you, my friend, that I have sold more Louise Miguel records in this day than El Sol will ever sell if they live to be a thousand. We haven't got the sweat off, Louise is asked from these Weiletina people. And I'm nauseated and sick and I'm so grateful for you telling me that. I'm even if they did bring me the goddamn new a single and they also brought me that big your reverberable update. Even in spite of that, I'm not blaming the guys at El Sol because they're giving them a stuff. But how come we get left out because we're speaking in places that it? No, I think it's, I think you need to have somebody a decision kind of contact these people. That's not, that's- George has been talking to these people every five minutes. Okay. But there we are on top of it. They're a ricker company. Huh? We are Latina and the promotional people and that Mike, uh, bum fork guy that used to be the board up here, who's supposed to be like a promoter for this stuff. These people, like I said, he's got nothing to do with these still upputs. Yeah, but at least the cities are giving away every time you listen to one of Louise Miguel's on, you have to call and they give you a seat. Well, they do. You mean the single? No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no. The Alba Trust me, the Alba is now yet. Not out yet. Is it a single? Are they getting a kid? Right, that's the single. Oh, okay. I got that. Yeah. Oh, man, that's that. I love the song. But not like my son, I did total man. Oh, my God. Oh, man. You were wondering what was the last time you played it? About two seconds ago. Oh, you mean the song? Yes. Yeah. Why did you start talking about Louise? I got my hand on it right now. Yeah. I mean the CD. I'm telling you, man, I tell you, you have cloud. You look at the evening. Yeah, I got cloud. I can't even get like five people at the same time to get off their dead ass. I got no cloud. This is a dead head town man. And it's one of these ethnic things. But hopefully this is a big idea. This is excited to hear the viewer play a unique show. This is awesome live singer. Yeah, that's very important. The year ends on April 21st. The release wasあの. We had together at 10 p.m. We had a couple tour. Seeing her doing this, there was. Tipe CLAP. Maybe Android 2011. If Apple Alto did that... F pale or Siri. We did. with that baseball, you're hands out of your pants, man, it's that I've sold more than we smig yells stuff that all the other people in this country put together. Only outside of the U.S.A. has he sold more stuff thanks to anybody but me. And just ask me if you don't believe me. I'll tell you one thing. I knew about him, but I didn't really didn't, wasn't there not to do. You didn't realize just how beautiful and what a voice like a symphony orchestra, a body like God and a personality like heaven. You didn't realize that he was the beginning and end of the universe from here to your reign as at the goosebumps. Yeah, right. That's right. I get goosebumps from that voice. I hear that voice and it just makes my a thing, Quiver. Oh, I'm telling you, you're a, I, D, from my head to my shaft. They have made a least 100 bucks off of me since you've been playing that. Yeah, not because you heard it on L. soul, but because you heard it on W. I. Oh, D, how do you like that? It's that you were playing it before. Why do you miss Miguel people out there? You better start wise enough, okay? When he comes to town on the 6th of October, I better have seats right there in the front row, be able to go up and give my big fat kiss right on the lips right on the push. And also, you know, you really think, if you were to understand Spanish fully, you would, you would just melt with us today. I already melt. I don't need to understand it. He speaks a universal language, my friend. I'm telling you. And like I said, other than the pig Spanish, which is spoken by many of our less sophisticated people in this town, he speaks it like a beautiful language like it should be spoken. As opposed to some of these illiterate that we got out there who don't know, from a douchebag. The feeling behind the sun that he thinks the feeling, that's it, the powerful feeling, that's served, that's trust. One too, like the feeling, huh? Oh, I'm already feeling it. Okay, put it away and calm down. Oh, listen to me, I've never been to play it. If you ever say goodbye, yes. Oh, yeah, I was second. Does it mean, yeah, I said, did you ever go through that last video that I sent you? The one, with that porno video, I didn't look at it yet. Oh, man, you've got to make it. I'll get around with this plenty of time. Okay, when you get to be as old as I am, you know, you're plenty of time to sit around and get a grip on life. Okay, do you? Have a great life, pal. I asked to came to your feet. I'll be there. Okay, Bonaceta. What? 135. How am I telling you, he'd be big and idly. I'm going to be my new thing. I'm going to get there a lot of here because I'm not appreciated in this town. I'm just wasting my effort. I'm an old, dottering fool. I'm like, don't you, L. You know, used to be great, but I'm like, life has passed me by. And I'm going to be Luis Miguel's promoter in Italy, even though he speaks in Spanish, because there's a lot of similarity. He would be so big and idly man. It would be like melting at his feet like butter, like extra virgin olive oil. I'm telling you. Now if I get ever learned Italian, come on, Vauji. I'm Bonaceta. Why? Huh? What the Benny? Well, I know a few. I don't know what they mean. I know what they mean, but it's just, you know, when you know seven words, that doesn't take you too far. Some things though, you don't need words for. 135, and WIO, do you don't need words to get dry? Why do you do any of your fewer? It's a beautiful number to get dry concepts over to your house to clean those schmutzie carpets. Because deep down in a carpet man is just exactly what I said only moments ago. Schmutz, dirt, crap. It's in there. And you walk all over the carpets in a grinds it in there. It gets deeper and deeper and deeper, just like the Wayne business. It's getting so deep man that it takes almost a superhuman effort. Think suck it out of there. Except, if you call dry concepts. And the reason they suck it out so well is because they use a dry cleaning system on your carpets. As I've been telling you for years, just like the system that's used to dry clean your clothing. And like magic it went in down. It sucks it out. That's right. And leaves those carpets beautiful, just like installed brando from the factory. No sticky residue left behind. No washed out look. And dry cleaning makes your carpet stay clean or longer because it gets to deep down dirt out. And they use the disinfectant as they clean leaving your carpet smelling lemony fresh. So to make a long story short, you put all of that together. reasonable price, no rip-offs, no hidden charges. They give you an estimate right before they even start. And none of these rip-offs are scams like a lot of the other companies are infamous for. Calved-right concepts all I got to do is get you to try them one time. And you'll never call anybody else again. And when you call, be sure to ask about their furniture cleaning and drapery cleaning, spot dye and color enhancement even complete water damage restoration. I think I'm telling you I don't think I'm going to be able to continue on this the borderway. There's the oldest person goes. I always hear people saying, I don't have to spill me away. And of course, how many times can you get blown away? You know? It's just, they just start that many songs. How many other songs that are like power? Fullet a great that are like, whatever. But that one just blows me away. 144, by the way, don't forget Miramar, Miramar City Hall, 6700 Miramar Parkway, the last hearing beginning at 730 get there early because they're going to be a lot of angry psychotic people there tonight. The last hearing on Blockbuster Park, or you can call if you need more info, 989, 6200, that's the Miramar City Hall, 989, 6200, tell them your matters. You want some real information? What's that? They're going to do to you? And who's going to be doing it? And how's it going to feel? And where they're going to stick it? It's set around so on. So, speak now, or forever hold it man, because otherwise just hand over the keys in the kingdom and get used to being lied to a lot. A lot. And don't forget, when you're at the hearing, just remind everybody that monster rewinds for free. Wiod. Nail baby, you sag. Yeah, yeah, that's it. That's the one, Dean. Wiod. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. I'm calling from Broward, but I don't want any free stuff. Good. Yeah, I got an idea for your show here. Yeah. I think it would be great. And I'm going to tell you. Uh, yeah. You can have running episodes of Young Hoi Zenga. You can have him take over all the lemonade stands on the block. Yeah, that would be a good idea. And all the, you know, you need to be the next Charlie Brownnose. Exactly. And you know, you can have him say, you know, I don't have to buy all the ice tea. Yeah, I think it's the hand out to be the next Charlie Brownnose. Right. I, uh, but yeah, I got a good start. Yeah, definitely. Mm-hmm. And, uh, you could, you could just play with different a lot of, a lot of play with it forever. Exactly. Okay. I don't think Wayne B. Too happy with that. You know, you don't cotton the stuff like that. Well, thanks for the suggestions. You're going to call us again someday. Wiod. Hello. Yes. Neil, please. Speaking. Speaking. Yes. I got a little tune for you. Okay. Hang on. Turn that radio down otherwise you've got to. Here in the radio, sir. Turn the radio off or you're going to be like stepping on yourself. Okay. Go ahead. Are you ready? We're ready. We're holding on. We're still holding. Yeah. He's a ding. Okay. Let's go to, did he say, he said, ding uh, something that rhymes with ding uh, ding uh, he said, finger. He said, given the finger. Uh, Wiod. Hello. Neil. Yeah. What's up? How you doing, sir? All right. Hey, uh, I just want to tell you. My monster, unwinds for free. Did that say really? Yeah. You only wish. Hey, I want to say something about slow Henry. Yes. I mean, maybe I'm the only one, but I don't, I think he's dark. Why is that? Every day is the same thing. Every day comes up. Oh, it is not. It is not the same thing. For example, yesterday he had Wayne's uh, uh, agent on it was the, it was the best damn thing I ever heard. My, I was great. And the ball games and what's your name there? The old bag from uh, well, what are you talking about? Sir, every day comes on and does something different and spontaneous and his theiracle and yanks the audience is trained and they get all bent out of shape. And it's great. And he's, he's one in a minute. I don't want to hear from you, sir. Okay. If that wasn't Wayne Jr. And that was that the Scott on the phone. He said he was the only one. Oh, that nuts right. You're the only one. So don't feel left out. You're the only one, you know what? Okay. All right. All right. All right. You can handle it. He can handle it. He said, it's all right. Said you can't please everybody. 99 and 910's percent is not too bad because it's like our free soap. It floats like the color. 147 at Wild as he knows it as whole. Just lick him. Okay. Let's go to a date. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir, man. Uh, yeah, I knew I was a lady who first called Hank Goldberg about six or seven months ago about Wayne Heizinger. Yes. And he went off the wall and started ranting and raving about it on night. Ranting and raving about one. I thought Wayne Heizinger. I talked about Wayne and I mean, what did Hank's? 80 and way out in the Everglades. Yeah. And I just wanted to say that I thank you Wayne from the bottom of my heart for all of the help that you had, you know, just for alerting the public because thank you Wayne. I mean, I'm sorry. Thank you Neil. You know, people have been doing that. Uh, they've been interspersing Wayne and Neil all day long. I'm going to go on right a bunch of checks today and I'm going to sign Wayne's name to them and see if they skip through there. Well, they might be the biggest. This could be the start of something really big. Well, at the last beer more hearing, they said that they were just about broke. Yeah. Maybe that's why they need all the public money. But after what we saw at the Miramar hearing last month, a couple of weeks ago, where the Miramar Mayor was the rootest woman I have ever seen in my life. Yeah. They were up there laughing and joking and carrying on. And three of the Miramar commissioners had their speech prepared, type written ready to go. Of course, I had a time, so no matter what anybody said, they just rammed out of the right through there. Well, this is not going to do tonight. Right. Obviously, it does deal. But I just want to say I've been listening to you. We've listened for years. We appreciate everything that you're doing. And it does take a lot of courage to speak out against Wayne because he does control this community. Well, he don't control this station and he can kiss my fan ass as what he can do. I don't like what he's doing. I mean, I love the dolphins. I love the Marlins and especially I love the Panthers. I'm a big panther and hockey fan. But just because he brought a couple of sports in here doesn't mean that we should just everybody get down in Jenny of Flect and hand him the keys to the kingdom and listen to all of his lies and watch his devious dealings and watch him put little business people out of business and trample on everybody. I just don't go for it. I just don't like people who deal with people away he does. In addition to what he wants to turn everything, you know, he wants to put his brand like we're cattle. He wants to brand us and turn everybody into his little obedient goose stepper. And that's just not the way I work. Well, we absolutely agree with you here at my house. And I just wanted to say that if people care about the quality of the water or if they're going to have water and stuff, Florida, you need to get that project out of that area. Because that's our water supply for South Florida. Well, be there tonight. I hope they have like 75,000 screaming wild people there tonight who demand some action. Thanks, Neil. Okay, good luck. Because you'll need it. Don't forget Michael Mayo. This is now see this to be a good thing on your way to the meeting in Miramar. You can have a default tuned on because the meeting starts at 730. The other woman said people begin there's earlier 630. But at 605, the prestigious Michael Mayo of the sometimes prestigious son-cental who wrote that great column about Wayne, who is in perpetual denial and he ain't even got the Egypt yet, just a great column this morning in the paper. One of the most brilliant of all time, and he'll be on with us. He won't be on. They'll be putting them down on QAM on WA and E on Eola Shills station. Used to be the All Sports Station. Now it's the All Shills station. La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la. I forgot about that. I bet he loves that. He'll be on that station too. I bet you that's one thing he won't replace when he buys WA and E will be large as. He'll probably expand it to like eight hours a day. Cheap too, plus they just keep playing the same tapes over and over again. Like we do. W-I-O-D on a purple line. Hello. A nail. Yes sir. Never just put for thought. Okay. I'm eating. The saw brass expressway. Yeah. The hole was right going nowhere. You think Wayne owns that? Something to think about something to stick in your camp. Put for thought. Do you think maybe he might have been in on that whole dealer? If he denies it, that gives you the answer. Hey, by the way, just for your just for that guy's information. He got his odd front of Timberk Pines, or his pro-casting something. He said he was like 180 pounds and he went out of hunger strike or something. He did? That's what he's talking about. He's on the American side. Oh, working shots. I didn't hear it. I was thinking to Louis McGill. Yeah. He said he's 180 pounds and he could go to hunger strike until he listens to his demands. Yeah. I can lose, you know, I can probably lose 45 or 50 pounds. That's too much trouble. I'll go out there and give him a hand. Okay. Yeah. And help him too. I'll call it the deal Rogers. Wait. Okay. Bye. Have a good time, bro. Thank you. W-I-O-D. Hello. In the other problem is, is I'll ever get excited to sit you. You're more I think. But, uh, oh, so the city of Mayor Mark Commission is, you know, they're older. They're not going to give a crap by our 10 years. They're not going to be around. They're all going to be pushing up pansies. That's right. They're not giving it as long as they get little agrees right now. They don't care about the Western App. That's a bit tricky. That's a bit tricky. Cociano. She's still a mayor over there. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I have the, uh, two TV acts in scan through T-C-I. And I see that, you know, my screen, I'm broken every screen on my TV. Yeah, let's scan meetings at the head. Yeah. One of the things, did you know that I will say something about T-C-I? They now they have W-G-N did you know that? All right. But, uh, they'll probably take it away in a couple of months. So they like, well, once baseball starts up again in a spring, they'll take it away from me. I got W-G-M-M-L, my picture sucks. So yeah, they're in for the other. Hey, one quick thing. Can you play that Mrs. Patterson bit when the guy calls, uh, his wife at home? You, you doing a secretary? Okay. Okay. See ya. I can do it tomorrow. Can't do it today. I mean, he calls up like a three minutes to two and I'm going to find that. This guy, dreaming or what? I couldn't find it if my life depended on it. Could I? I might. I can't. I can't. Okay. W-I-O-D. Hello. Hey. Yeah. You're there? Yeah. Speaking. Hey, hey, okay. Tonight. Wayne. He's going to head to Marymarty with Stable of Schilplus. That's right. He's got, it's, it's like, you're absolutely right, man. You can, you're reading it in there and the, uh, the heat in there and the dolphins in there and the pandas in there. And he's going to stick the city of Miramar in there and like half a Broward and they had the whole county line and he's got, uh, Jorabi Stadium in there. He's got that. He's got a sack full, man. He's got, there's a new video out, but you cannot get a blockbuster. It's called Wayne, right on video tape. See ya. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, I love it. With James, uh, speta. I can't stand him. By the way, James speta, he gives me, oh, God. He gives me the creeps. This cannot deal with him. Almost the best Christian slater. There's nothing wrong with Christian slater that a good, uh, spanking wouldn't cure. W-I-O-D, hello. Or a shotgun. W-I-O-D. Dean Jordan is with God. Yeah, well, that's a good place for him. Okay, only wish from your, uh, lips to his ass. W-I-O-D, hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Uh, Wayne, Wayne looks at you. Yeah. I'm coming around. I'm talking with his damn ringing. Well, I turned up to drive you nuts. And that's driving me crazy. And I can't even hear it. Right. Uh, yes. A little spory for it. I turned over to QA amp for time, ever in my life. Well, good for you. Then you got to get, then you got to chance to hear an ear full of, uh, sucking and chilling. You're right. You're exactly right. Yeah. It was something lady called in. I had to be one of your colors. Yeah. You know, because she was saying, all I'm talking about this Wayne bashing from these other stage. Right. Yeah. I'm a man as heck. And I ain't going to take it no more. Did she really say that? I promise you. I love it. That's, I wonder where she got that. I want you to write it down. I don't think there's anyone. Also, once a jet tonight, though, you know, your program never. You're going to go to a country. One of us, one of our lead George, have a mic and say a few words here in there. Have a great day, pal. You take a guy. See, if you were there, there's one from George. He just did that. Here's another one. That's from anonymous. At George slips a couple in there every now and then and words to he's busy eating. Sir, see, you think that he wants to be a star. He used to think about that every now and then, but now he decided that the free meals in a free car. And all day, they are pasta maker. That those things transcend just a few minutes of start. I'm at about two and a half bucks an hour. So anyway, don't forget that meeting Miramar City Hall. Tonight tonight tonight tonight's your last chance. I'm not holding out much hope for you. But nonetheless, at least you know, you got an opportunity to go up there and make a little bit of a little bit y'all carry on Miramar City Hall, 6700 Miramar Parkway, a 739 people begin there as early as 630. So get there early and get the grab a good seat. Hopefully, Wayne's in squeeze wheel tight. And Michael Mayo, Jeff the forest I told you is a freaking living guy. That's right. Michael Mayo, no chilling on this station of the scent Sentinel will be here with a pyramids right on the air tonight. Living it. And the pyramid too. South Florida's news talk and entertainment station news talker. Are we on the air? Yes. They took each other out like they were dancing. All they needed was a little music. Jeff Mandage takes us in order to after each game. If they had to blow up tonight in order to play with it, it'd probably explode in the face. Are we on the air? That's the first down by the pair on their chunny chin chin. Cox, the heavyweight champion of the NFL. And the running backs are turning their cracks into big holes. God, that's embarrassing as the me. When he filed finds that little crack turns into a hole every time. The ball popped out of there. I hate to use this, but it's one of my weaverisms like the wet water millency. Higgs running like a Tasmanian devil right now. Dolphins annually the least penis-penal-penalized team. Mandage unfortunately has a drinking problem. But it's one of my weaverisms he was so exposed it was in decent. They've kicked her butt. Jim Mandage is frothing at the mouth. Are we on the air? Sunrise. Hello. Rick Weaver is gone. No? Yes. Good run tight and good ridden. He's done his last weaverism. Okay another member of the Rick Weaver fan club there to say goodbye. I guess there's not like a lot of fanfare and hoopla in the departure of Mr. Weaver. I guess he just kind of slinks into the Mississippi mud. Yeah. To beat his feet on the Mississippi mud. Anyway, getting back to the real story here behind the story. I'm driving home yesterday. I'm going to have to give a little bit of background in a minute on this whole deal. I'm driving home yesterday and I hear a little cock-to-tomps beginning on a Rick and Sud's show they're getting these calls of course from people over on a west coast. To our needless to say highly and understandably very upset that there'd be him blown off any afternoon in favor of that lying, devious backstabbing blob of crap who I also will talk about in a moment. I mean for him to be calling Aunt Nill a liar about the ratings. How can you lie about the ratings when you read him on the air? You fat slob? How can you lie about him when you read him? And I'll say it again. We were all doing all of us here from this Snack of the Woods. A hell of a lot better before Fatso started over there. But anyway, I'll get to that. And then I'm listening to that after the track last night to replay of his big, whatever hour that is now. And the next after he's talking about his great young demographics and great young audience and bapapad, bipipi, banyol, anti-nelson liar. And then the three calls are here after that are like old rednecks. Right in the row, that's all I ever hear with him. Old Yahoo's. So anyway, this thing I'm hearing yesterday, the people are calling him from over there who are needless to say highly pissed about the fact that last year is going on and you have to do and Rick and Sud are disappearing and the Tampa Bay market. And the way this developed, it's like about a week and a half ago. Before they went on vacation on that Thursday, they were even on a Friday. On that Thursday after they remember how that call from Velvita. And he called on the air and off the air and now you're going to be there and all the other crabs with two o'clock. I have to find a cubby hole somewhere in the building. And he calls me a two o'clock to tell me the big news that Ron and Ron are going to be on in the mornings on WSUN. Look at that. That really is Luis Miguel. Look at that. But I mean with clothes on. Hey Fernando, keep the pictures coming, baby. Look at the shorts. Look at that. What the hell is that? I want to hang it down in there. But anyway, want to fang it. So getting back to this stuff, I'm listening to this discussion going on. And I got myself interrupted with these pictures needless to say. So I get that call from Velvita. And whatever you do, don't tell anybody. This is top secret. The Ron and Ron are going on over here. And I'm saying that while what's going to happen when if and when Rick and Suds do morning is over here and he's saying, oh, is that going to happen? And I'm saying to him, how is that possible? Didn't you guys just have all these big meetings up at Atlanta? Art to two stations since it is the same company. It's the same cox sisters. Art to coordinating a no. We don't know anything about that. And are we supposed to really believe that that this company, even as incompetent as they are? And they could keep putting out these 500 page memos about how we shouldn't look at each other's and all this other poppy cock, which is an attempt to just shut us up and intimidate us, and forget about the fact that there's so many incompetence involved here. And so then he starts to tell me, well, now I don't know anything about that. The Ron and Ron, it's great. We're paying them all this money and they're going to be on start and Monday morning. And you're still going to be on midday. We're moving the blob over the afternoon. That'll be great. And he says to me, Vila, and I quote him for Betham. He says, now, what do I do at night? Meaning very clearly that they have no intention of keeping Randy out of night. They're going to put somebody else in there either jazz or anything. But they're convinced now. And you know, it's amazingly enough. Before last winter came on, we were all considering the fact that we got primarily a bunch of New York state that like Randy the Brooklyn Jew and the Jew Fag and whoever else is on over here. Miami type people. And it's quite a that, well, how could anybody forget the first appearance we did over there in that clear water mall? Thousands and thousands of people living and breathing most of them, the right out of the box. And that's when we bring Lancet to up on the stage and I've been making all the calls and know he's out there in a farm in Iowa and let's get him on the station. He's got a big following in Tampa. We need somebody local on here, Bob, Bob, Bob. And from the minute that we introduced him over there, this backstabbing slab is the nothing except do everything this power, everything this power to put down everybody else. And the one time I spoke to Vila Bautati says, well, you and Bob need to have a chat. No, I didn't need to have a chat. You don't need to have a chat with this fat slab, okay? And I look at this memo again, which is not for broadcast. This 600 page memo from Bob Green, which is mostly Swill. And he says radio is not underlined, not a teen sport. However, there is a dependency about bogs. It's across all departments. The negotiating department heads and mutual respect. Radio is not a teen sport. That's news to me. Are we also supposed to be islands in one pair of refugees talking about putting setting aside your egos. And in the next pair of refugees talking about radio is not a teen sport. I say poppy cock, Mr. Green, I say you're full of it. So that's been part of the problem over there all along. He's the one guy who's the local guy who's got the following. He's got the billboards who's been like, they spend all their time in effort promoting him. Which is fine. No problem. And he's running around touting that he's got this number. He's got that number. I got, I got to be honest with you after a year in that market on that station. But no competition whatsoever in the morning except some old fart named Al Gardner was 100 years old. The numbers you got in the last trend, baby, ain't nothing to write home about, okay? The rest of us, something nobody would want to write home about. I'll admit that. But I wouldn't be opening up a big fat mouth. So anyway, that's the bottom line. The conversation with Belveda. Do not go in there, do not talk to those guys. I'll handle it. I'll talk to them. So I rush out of this building, knowing they're going on vacation. And of course, when somebody's on the air, you don't go running in and saying, well, they're on the air. Oh, guess what, guys? They're blowing you off in Tampa. Put around and run on Monday. You just don't do it. It's not done. So then, of course, they finish out their show. And I find out yesterday that at 6 p.m. Belveda calls as they're going off the air. In the meantime, on their stations news, they're like about a minute later. Before Belvedere is even through telling them about a minute later, they're announcing it on the air. So, I'm going to run on a while to sign with Talk Center Prize and start on WSUN Monday mornings. Last Saturday, we have to know about Boba Boba. So he is telling them you're off your history, et cetera. Kind of a smart way to do it, but typical, because since we first went on over there about a year and a half ago, all they've been doing is using us and manipulating us, et cetera. And people keep calling, well, when you guys come back over here, I think it's pretty obvious now why we haven't been invited back. So that, but this is this to me yesterday. All the episodes of all the things that I've been through five years plus with this company, this one epitomized their callous lack of regard for human life, for anybody that works for this company. Rick and Sats come on at two. Last at his own over there on S.U.N. Rick and Satsarado over here, at least for the time being in the afternoon, got only knows what their house is going on. The program director's telling me one thing, the general manager's telling me another thing. Rick is telling me they're all Philip Crap, and so who knows what's going on. But in the meantime, they go on a year like I started to say, they're getting some calls from over there, we're upset, we miss you guys already. We thank you for your time to have a last, blah, blah, blah. Now, now comes to find out on the course Rick and Satsarado, to a clock told Marvin, be sure to turn off the satellite. We don't need to have the satellite on because they're not curing the show. Turn the satellite back on again, 8 o'clock in night when jazz is filling for Randy last night. So now here's Velvita is calling, the end of the control room, oh, turn the satellite on. We want to hear the show, turn the satellite on. And then Velvita is put on hold and Rick goes to put him on the year. And how many times has he done this when we've gone to put him on the year? Rather than coming on the year and being like a mince, and talking to what should have just tiny set of balls, I was a geek exactly. He hangs up the phone. Rick goes, hey, Tom, you click. You're listening to South Florida's news talk, and entertainment station, news talk radio, 16, WIOD, Miami Ford Lodderdale. President Clinton has scheduled the news conference for this afternoon, and it's expected he'll be presenting details of the administration's abrupt change in policy toward refugees from Cuba. WIOD. Wow. Yeah, that's not the perfect couple. Oh, shawking! Well, I'm never. Woo, woo. Gotta see my girl, cause I miss her. Oh, don't meet her at the mall. Yeah, soon I'm gonna hug and kiss her. What the wheel trip and fall, now we're making an out, moving toward ecstasy. Customers are not giving the shot. There's not much time to see. No one in the escalator. Better hold on to the moving rail. No one in the escalator. Do it again and we'll go to jail. No one in the escalator. We're leaving school, they stepped so cold. Come on in the escalator. We're too long in the stomach cold. You don't hate that at all. We're leaving school, they stepped so cold. Come on in the escalator. You can see by the behind the backs of the towel, tape the show. See somehow they've got it in their mind. The WSUN owns our shows over here. I've got news for you, baby. They don't own this show. What they pay us to carry the shows over there couldn't my dogs couldn't eat on that for a week. Okay, that's how much they're paying us to be on the year over there for last year and a half so that we can take a lot of abuse and trust. And I'm serious, and this is not stick. I am serious. The way that the talent over here has been treated by those people, what did we ever get? We had a the week we had a broadcast over there. We had a drive over there. Oh, don't fly them over there. We can't afford that. Can't afford those big bucks. We can trade out maybe some cheap hotel rooms and a fluzzy hotel. The leisure is up. Perfect. Here are hockey tickets that I had a big and plain which I'm not happy that I didn't use the ones in Orlando. At least I finally got them the spring for 100 bucks. 100 bucks got it probably broke the bank. They almost broke the deal on the Ron and the Ron thing over there because they couldn't afford the 100 bucks probably. They have treated Randy Rick Riley, Suds Coleman, and yours truly like garbage. And what they're trying to do yesterday is they want to take the show and then put it on like who knows, loving a clock at night, two in the morning, whatever the hell they felt like it without telling these guys without discussing it with them, without asking them and of course certainly I'm sure without paying. In other words, see you guys, have a nice day, but we got the Ron and Ron now, we got Bob and he after the nice day, we'll have thanks for all your good work and and now we're going to steal your shots to get on their way wherever we are. We've been stuck back when he first started carrying the shows and we're getting the only way we know what was going on over at WSUN is fiery ports from the listeners. They were taking my show and being playing it like 600 times. The best of the all the worst of the the mediocre of Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil over and over and over again all weekend all night, all day, all year. Neil guys, stop. And this is not stick that's from the heart man. I am so close to telling them to take their damn WSUN and stick right up their ass, which will be no great loss to them, I'm sure. I mean, we're not doing any number over there and certainly not valuable enough to them to promote it. Oh, we got last hit around the billboards, we got the cow with the things through it. And just to go their own merry way. Because that may not be the right market for any of us over here anyway, quite frankly, probably is not. All that we do have somehow amazingly without any promotion, we do the rest of us have something. What is that? It's fiery corn. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, Neil. Speak to me. Hey, listen, I'm here in St. Peter's Bird. I'm reading the newspaper and their put it says right here in France, the former WSUN afternoon duo Rick and such will air only on tape the way to 6 AM daily. I knew it. Got it. I knew it. Hey, I got to go on the work. Thanks. Thanks. But so there is Shylock Holmes right there, is scoping it out for us. A couple of real lying and not just a couple, but here comes Bob Green in here. Oh, turn the satellite back on. Turn the stuff. The way this has been done by this company is so previous and so freaking underhanded and so outrageously unacceptable. But I'm just ready to puke all over Tom Belvedoushead. This is not stick. You guys got some goddamn nerd try to manipulate us around for your failing putrid mediocre radio station. I hope Ron and Ron get a point free. Okay. I don't plan to get to 20 share in every one of his over the age of 100 is what I hope nauseating and disgusting and unacceptable. Who is the who are these geeks in here now? What is that? Who are these assholes? I'm putting them on with a tie. Oh, sorry, Bob. Even Don Cherry wouldn't wear that tie. So this is the kind of chicanery that's going on in Cox Brockkast and thickening for the big bucks for Ron and Ryan this more on it. Got a hot 105. I listen this morning. Come at a work. I'm at listen. I could make better sound effects farting on a year. I could stick this microphone on the chair and get better quality sound effects to Tom join us. Got with his fiber wrap bags and he's oh my god. I mean, one of these people thinking about one of our people I won't say it was Tom Hopkins comes in to be this morning before when I'm here. What is that show? What is that Tom join? I said, don't ask me. That's exactly what I said. Don't ask me. Here's a letter to the editor in a sunset list morning as long as I'm worked up to a frenzy here that epitomizes what's wrong with this whole goddamn state. And all these letters from to the editor are always from these prudish, uptight, anti-sexual, anti-human hysterical people. Sandbrain for Latterdale for instance. And the headline on the letter to the editor TV not as much of a problem as what kids see on the street. And here's the letter. You parents are so worried about what your kids see on TV. So how on earth are you allowing the city of for Latterdale to condone naked hot dog vendors, prancing around for your kids to see? I am far from a prude, but the woman selling dogs on sunrise Boulevard across from the Gaila Rhea is almost 100% naked and with extra emphasis bends this way and that rear to the traffic, the Santa Claus had really got me, she says. Take your kids to the beach, wait for the bridge and you can get moon at least 10 times. So what do you tell your kids? My son is an adult, but if I were you, I do something so Sandbrain, this cannot be right. What's wrong with a couple of warm buns to go with your weenie at lunchtime? What the hell's wrong with that? You stupid bitch. What if you said she wasn't? A weenie. No, where? How can we find her? When do we have can we find her? She's in a far, far, a lot of day with all the other old farts. How can you find her? Just look for the we have to hear her. Or the weenie lady, I thought you meant Sandbrain. Sandbrain's obviously repressed. She needs something. Maybe you could find her. You'd probably get it faster than the weenie lady. She just a tease. She's a cork tease. So anyway, we just been having a little discussion amongst ourselves over here. If that you know how stupid we've been, how foolish we've been here. See the company in the beginning. Oh, we're doing this for you guys and we're going to syndicate Neal Show and Neal, you know, is this great talent and he's when Pam all his money. And we're going to have mine all over the country. Bye bye bye bye. Yeah. And we had some discussions about that. And I said, well, you know, basically it's a local show. We talk a lot about the dolphins, what's going on here in town and the local crap. And whatever else is going on here. And it really is difficult to do that. But the fact is that right from the beginning, there was never any plan, just like this Orlando business, like the Bargini business, this is the same with the Orlando business. That's another lie. Another bunch of crap. There's a guy up there who was moist to put this show on here, who loves me, who was dying to put this show on here. We actually sold up, you know, that's amazing. That we sold a bunch of stuff at Peechysin Orlando when the cut that they came here us. The people I can consume me in South of there can hear a little of IOD like real in between all of like that, just a little bit. And the people like who live the Western and Northern fringes here a little bit of S.U.N. Marginal in Orlando. That's about it. Except we're on a wine there for a week when they could hear it fine. And yet we still sold a bunch of our best of with all of us on the in Orlando at the Peechysin Colonial Drive. That's a miracle. That's amazing. I'm not saying that they've sold tons of it, but evidently there's some of it that's moved up there. A miracle. And this was months ago and every time I asked the question, well, what's going on with it? Oh, I don't know. No, I don't know. Nobody knows not. It said, Joey Butterfuko just sinned Rome again. Nobody did not and then nobody knows not. That's the answer around here. But again, he back to the naive group of us here at W.I.O.D. There was never any intention. In other words, they hoped in the beginning they could open up a pot through all his crap on 20 share overnight, okay, millions of dollars pouring in. Well, I didn't happen and wasn't likely to happen anyway. Then they put last at Iran and instead of developing this kind of across over in a team mentality and promoting the whole thing, never happened. And quite to the contrary, it's been like a tech Randy, a tech Neil destroyed the whole thing, play up to all the nose pickers over there and hate all those assholes in Miami and all that stuff. And why? Because they're not gearing and they have no love. And the same thing with how come you guys are going to never come back over here? They're going to invite us back over there because we're not in no plans over there. They're going to put somebody on the Iran and the morning. They got last and around and made an article goes into paper, and like in the bottom of paragraph is that and Neil Rogers will continue from 10 to 2 in Randy Rhodes from 8 to 11. And the last sentence should have been until local talents are hired to fill in the break. Well, that's fine. No problem. But tell us about it. Don't lie to us. Don't use us. Don't manipulate us. Don't lie to us. Don't keep pouring us and bleeding us and screwing us over. Because quite frankly, we don't like it. And I think I speak for all the talent over here. We are sick of it. Forget you. Been a rodo. There's a monster out there on the streets that could strike at any moment. Old people who drive. That's right. There's no escaping them. Because they're it. Question and, uh, can I wait here that it's the town that brings in the money? I think it's appropriate. That is, uh, you are right on target. Sir, you are absolutely correct. I'm correct. Short for his courtesy because just the way he's treated me is just a little bit too and palliative because I held back at IMD and the old things were the flow. Me off. Always like Kyle. He might have done that. Oops. Oh, is he gone? Yeah. Who was that? Was that somebody that we should have blown off? Did you shoot a blown off? No. Didn't sound like it. Why did you talk about Kyle? Kyle was great. Kyle was no George because Kyle had no personality but Kyle was like a little Nazi. That was a great place. That was a great place. All of Nazi is all the time. What, by the way, broke the grind. No, when he's stuck for a single word, he's got a piece of wood for Carme. Whatever happens to just start a tune. Let me stop that right in the middle because the problem I'm going to force in the news in the weather. Was not just talking to you about that this morning before I've been doing that big nine to ten hour? The only is a Louisville program director attempting a program a major market radio station with these long promos for the news and the weather. It's like Sturgy's Michigan radio program. The talent is looking out and everybody who pays for the penance. Oh, tune it out. Oh, tune it out. And let's do candle. Hello. Hey, when does Chad come on? It's the long show. When Chad's coming on, man. Suck on his pal. Here we're just rolling along, singing a song. We were just doing our thing. And they can put on here whatever the hell they want. But the fact is that you can't treat people like dirt like garbage. You just keep using people and abusing people on school and people over. That's my point. And if there was never any legitimate intention to promote the people over here and do anything with us in a first place, that what that was the point a lot other than just try to fill a gap in a dead radio station, which is what WSUN has been for a very, very long time. A long time, even when there are no picking music and their fractions, their point five, their point eights and their point once. And their point. Oh, here's a, but if I am guilty of anything, it is of giving all that I have to have, all that I have to give. If my penis, my buttocks, my lower torso, thighs, and any other error that they want it to help children all over the world. By the way, speaking of Michael, and anybody seen it more than hell is he now? Beers and on queer streets right now. Thanks a lot, Jason. Nice job, man. How long did it take us to get that queer street line from weaver just a matter of moments, just a matter of seconds. And he said, but he is on queer street right now. And speaking of such and rick in that order necessarily, here's one of the greatest messages ever left on anybody's answering machine. As such as mom knowless comments on their midday replacement. Listen to the plot that took your place and I couldn't stand another day as that. One of it's here. Okay, nice one. Here's Miami. Hello. Feel. Yes sir. Yeah, my yogurt here. He's a man. Is he? Hey, the food at South Coleman has, he's like a Jesus potato head doll because he does look like Mr. Potato head. And I'm not sure they put all the parts on it or wrong in the right place. Bath man, bath. Yeah. Hey, is it true South Coleman has Mr. Spock tattooed on his f***ed? When he is on queer streets right now, he's screwed up that whole thing for me. Huh? He screwed the whole deal up. What you can use it though, you can need that'll be the promo now. And he answers yes. And you ought to see the years man. They expand. Well, that's another story. When the only old time that we're being down in the sea, how long? So stop. Did I get a call out yesterday afternoon as Wednesday? Go to mommy's for lunch every Wednesday and Hollywood. Okay. I'm there. I everything's fine. Great lunch is usual. I go home. Phone rings according to five. Quarter to five. Now. Yes. She's watching channel four, which I never watched channel four because between four and five every day after guiding light, I'm watching channel six news with my good close personal friends, Bob Silver and Barbus Lone who was on his way over there. So anyway, now a channel four just ran a promo. They have something coming up about radio and they had a picture of me and I'm in the promo and it's gonna be on the five o'clock news. And it's already a quarter to five. Are you gonna be home? I said he I'll watch it. It's already a quarter to five. Like it's gonna take you probably a half hour at least to warm up your set to channel four. I mean, what kind of a comment is that it's already a quarter to five? So you better start fiddling with your apparatus and make sure you get it over to channel four by five o'clock. Every time they have ever had me on any segment on anything, well I take that back except one. But any other like feature, it's always been like a tease and it's always the last goddamn story. And I kept saying I had a couple of friends at the house. I'm dying to leave for Pomp and O'Park and I'm like, you know, and now all of a sudden about 20 after they start teasing it. And it's a thing about hot 105 and this new deal about well, FN stations are not starting to bring in shows from outside just like AM have done. Syndicated shows. And here's time to enter going to be on hot 105 and all of all these and I'm waiting and they tease it again a couple of times 55. The thing finally comes on after they tease it like 75 times. They always save the best for last. And whose voice do we hear in the background? Little Bobby Green. Our general man, where here's little Bobby Green's voice in the background. Then we see his posts right at dinner time. And he's going on about well, you know, it's just a tremendous opportunity that we couldn't pass up. I mean to get a talent like Tom Joyner. There's no way in the world that we could afford to have him in the local market. It would cost us millions of dollars to have Tom Joyner. And I'm thinking, what a minute, hold it, hold it, face down what? I mean he'd be the flyjock but he also blows. You know what I'm saying? There's nothing there. Why would anybody pay time joyer millions of dollars? And from what I understand, they played a pretty damn hefty chunk to a pipe in that show anyway. Now of course we see the people from Hot 105 who are putting on their happy face for this because they want their job. And I'm not going to mention any names but they know who they are. And they're all like sucking around. Oh yeah, someday in my resume I can say I was the co-host with Tom Joyner and there is somebody else at all. Yeah, this is really great. And meanwhile behind the scenes they all think it blows. And they all think Tom Joyner blows and he does. He's just just a guy. Just a black dude who's like, you know, flies back and forth or used to anyway. He's the flyjock. And he's a hot stuff according to him. He plays some music in the super cool and got some real sheetsound effects and that's about it. And so what do they do then? Then they come on and they say, well, and then there's me. And I like the angle. It looked like I was laying down in a prone position behind this thing here. I don't know what that was all about. It looked like he was laying on the floor. In fact, now that I think about it, the camera was like way down low. Remember that? You didn't have a tripod or something with it. I think he was on his hands and knees, but when you work a channel for you used to that a lot, I guess. So anyway, he's done and he's like shooting me like, and I'm sitting behind this thing. It looks like I'm laying back in a prone position. And I'm saying the usual, how they managed to look out and get me talking about time joined or how 105 or an oak because they only spent like two minutes on it on a whole show. So they must have been psychic and no one I was going to do that. But basically, and of course, you know, remember I was talking about about all the sound effects and about how time joiners are so cheap and bad that we would paint me like 50,000 for a year. And I was going through it. Of course, channel four would never show that because that's below their dignity. Channel four would never cut off right on the air that we could hear. Maybe we could smell it, but we couldn't hear it. And then Tony Segredo and Jerry Healthman are going about that meal boy. And of course, he's always ripping everything, but maybe someday he'll be syndicated all over the country too. And wouldn't that be something Neil just going crazy all over the country. And certainly we'll be the top of conversation on his show tomorrow. And he ought to ought to. Right Jerry, right Tony. And he finally got Tony's a close friend. Now, you know that they put like a zoo tood on him. Now she can't see that his pants are up to his armpits. But I mean, that was really some tremendous segment. And that's a more great publicity for us here at WIOD. I don't even know if the the call it is made of them. Because they were shooting at such an angle. I think they made sure not to get the sign in the back, which is only about 75 feet high that say WIOD, 610. I think they made sure not to get that on there. Because they don't want to give us too much publicity. So we go back to Bill Costa to get. I do want to say this that here was the one guy, one guy who was not a phony like Tom Jicker or some of these others. But it was a real friend and like wrote a lot of like he where I remember one time years ago he wrote a whole column about my U.M. baseball broadcast. A whole column on a Sunday, many years ago when I was still doing the games. And like several other times when the mood inspired him really just loved the show and was like, you know, I'm used to take jabs back and forth. But here was a guy who was a real guy in a great guy not a phony in a backstab or in all other of them, which after 18 years in this time, I can't tell you I have found too many of those. Okay, let's do Braytonton. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I'm going. Okay. Hey man, I called Ron Ron for 40. And I said, you know, the lady answered the phone and I said, she said, what do you want to talk about? I said Neil Rogers. And she said, we're not talking about him on the air. Right. And I said, have you rehearsed Neil Rogers? She said, yeah. And I said, he's hilarious, isn't he? And she said, oh no comment. And I said, hey, that's a no comment. He went off the air. She has no comment. I said, I cut a bitch. I said, hey, have Ron and Ron ever heard of Neil Rogers? Yeah. And she said, no, and I said, well, he follows them, you know, over here on earth. What do you mean Ron and Ron have never heard of Neil Rogers? What kind of lying is this? That's what you get that crap is that. I've heard you know, but she said, I said, well, don't be ever looking to him and she said, they never listen to the radio. And then I said, well, you know, he probably because their IQ is so low, they can't figure out how to turn the dial on it. And I said, hey, he follows them and he said, well, they couldn't have a better lead in. And I said, yeah, and then I said, well, maybe that's all. She said, no, Ron and Ron are better than turn all stuff. Yeah, right. I heard of first, I mean, there you go is pretty, pretty big over there. Hey, I heard of first today over here on our two ends. Yeah. You do in live commercial. You did a, you did a part over here. No, no way. For what? For that drink you did earlier. Some sports drink or tears. Mampo?