Nice co-op Jennifer speeding up Fadso or losing forever, Pally. He used to talk at entertainment radio, 16 WIEOD presents the Neal Rogers Show. To talk with Neal calls 751 WIEOD from Dade. 524 WIEOD from Rower. Outside the 305 area code, it's toll-free. 8944 WIEOD. Fuck it in! And hold it! Customers can call Star IOD at no charge. Sailor 1 customers can call Pound IOD at no charge. Now, here's Neal Rogers, a news talk and entertainment radio. 16 WIEOD. Hey Neal, F*** you! Yep you! Who farted so? Must take it slow. Protect your insights. Oh, I don't say. With even stills. Or grandmash. Or even Neal Young. Treats. You're living well. Don't drink like hell. It'll surely go bad. Oh please. Just keep it clean. It can't be fixed. You'll need a donor. Don't you ever party hard. If you do, you could die. Or just wait in a long line. Like a depressed bee. So who's liber would you rather have David Crossby or Bing? 12-07-W-A-D. How about some Bing cherries? Would be good. We have an open line in Broward 524. And I just have here in my hand. Did you see this? From this week's Access December 27, This is a shocker, baby. We're going to get some music for this. From Access Magazine, they have voted their villain of the year. And I give you 85 guesses who it is. And the first 84 and a half don't count. Villeneuve the year, H Wayne, who's in game. Fuck it in and hold it. Getting the facts straight on the who's in game with it. And what a great timing. What they've felt at a bucket of crap. Because this is on the day that the announcement about the escape with the parking things. And they weren't passed up the game with your Robbie Stadium. It says the owned by David Villano. Isn't that the guy that I spoke to that try to interview before they practically threatened his life? I do believe so. I was going David, you got a big pair. At least to use to. The Miami Dolphins first regular season football game this year took place on a cool What evening in a recent temper? Heavy rains mixed with a red clay of the infield used by the Florida Marlins baseball team. Turning much of the playing service into a thick muddy stew. Players lost their footing and both teams uniformed it up to the grubby, Burton Orange. Oh, I like that. On a monopoew. The game at times was just a messy, a veritable highlight reel of football Follies. From the press box above Joe Robby Stadium, WITO Color Commentator Jim Mandage himself and former Dolphin criticized the poor playing conditions. In a moment of frustration managed to blame the Orleans executive management for refusing to allow the clay to be removed, despite the lingering baseball strike. The moment later during a commercial intermission, the door to the broadcast booth flew open, in walked H Wayne, who's inky. But as I say, I'm nippered and owner of the Dolphins, Marlins and Jo Robby Stadium. Mandage spun around and met Hizeng is called Stair. He didn't have time to greet the visitor with one of his warm greetings like, You check ass. Get your effin' fact straight who's inky, barked at Mandage, piercing the air with his finger. It was the effing football people, not the baseball people who made the decision to leave the clay. Witnesses it says were left dumb, founded. How do you like this? Although the broadcasters were hardly shocked by the use of the eff ward, some of his arvers were struck by the point in irony of Huzeng he's violent victim to get the facts straight. Do that say, dictum? And you're killed. And I knew you were going to say that that's bad. You turned. All right. That is beautiful. Anyway, it says former supportants say they've been fired for the innocuous crime of speaking to the press. This is a man who enforces a company-wide gag ordered well employees. The man routinely ignores interview requests. He's been accused of rudely side-stipping his involvement in dubious business affairs, and his PR men have been known to harass journalists for probing too deeply into his background. The fact that seems are the last thing Huzeng he would want the public to know. Throughout 1994, excessive reported regularly on both Huzeng's high profile activities, as well as his behind-the-scenes dealmaking. We reported on Blockbuster's successful efforts to force a pizza shop owner to change its name. We told you about his involvement in a project that developed a downtown public park, despite widespread public opposition, and we explained the modding environmental concerns posed by the Blockbuster Park Entertainment Complex. But when we learned of Huzeng's press box diet, the acquiring minds at excess took his challenge to the heart. To satisfy our readers' curiosity, we thoroughly examined Huzeng's past both personal and professionally, and throughout our investigations, we did our darnedest to get our effing facts straight. Without his cooperation, it was no simple task but we persevered confident of our findings we were left with, but one conclusion, H Wayne Huzeng, the man who would be King of South Florida, is the clear choice for excess magazines 1994, villain of the year. Oh, I love it. So pick up the excess, the whole, it's a big good thing, the Gonse, the Gonse Speeler, beautiful, nice going Wayne Baby, and how about a free orange parking pass? So come on, who wants those tickets for the AFC Championship game? Come on, let's go. Here's Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. How about in here? Thank you. Wow. Well, I'm just, my, I got a question about the lag, you who was on before talking about the, You know, this is not the guy who was stuttering speaking air in one. I think it may have been wrong about that. Because I can't believe it. Well, I can't believe it's heard such a rony is information, my girlfriend tells me. Yeah. How about the woman who's talking about the sex? Yeah. And when you get the little teddy bear with the honey? Yeah. Yeah. That's fine. But you don't want to go further in that because it can cause infections and whatnot. Yeah. Yeah. That's why he, you're more, I can't wait to pass really good at good at, by a used infection is by putting sugar on Uranus or mars or Venus. But the bottom line of the whole thing is that, you know, nobody really believes she's got any information. They're just going to get hot and horny listening to it. That's what he's doing. That makes that. She's giving her listeners a lot of their rony information. That doesn't sound like that. And that really shows a lot of disease. That's WOD. We are, we are the disease. Oh, my goodness. We are the community disease. Just as Bell Southborough, I don't tell you. Well, she's extending it. I tell you that. She is extending it. Perfect. Yeah. Seriously. And for all you on circumcised guys and in this town, we've got just loads and loads. If I can say that if those guys, definitely not a good idea. They've already got a tough enough time keeping the cheese out of there. And the suggesting pouring honey all over that, forget it. Well, I love cheese. I have nothing to get steamed. That sounds like you got a muscle right out of it. Any question? Because, you know, when you've got that force skin and you've got the honey on there, I wouldn't be surprised that it worked like crazy glue. You don't have a rule that thing back again. That turtle never gets it out of there again. You must have an HD to come in here before you're sick. I wouldn't be surprised. I tell you it's just plating everything. Yeah. Champagne, a little champagne. You tell you it's like the Champagne. Unbelievable. Well, I think the Champagne she said. I'm sorry. I said would say. Take it up your ass. Maybe she was just talking about the cork. Well, I'm glad to. I'm going to speak about that point, everyone. I'm glad that she's impressed you and have a great life and don't get the honey Jr. We have an open line today. Honey business. That's I mean, they have all of those different, uh, uh, scented, uh, Lotions and potions and stuff like that. Patty's placed. They advertised that the lotions and potions and lubs and tubes, scented strawberry, different flavors. But not honey. Honey is a very sticky substance. And if there's going to be a very sticky substance involved in sex, that isn't the one that generally we think of. See, I can't say that. I just did, but I can't say that because that makes it dirty. I can't say that because if she speaks like this and she talks with that, like, kind of, uh, you notice how she's got that very affected tone. She is going to be great. I'm not knocking her. I don't want to, you know, oh, you's not going to know not at all. But she does this pseudo intellectual just a little bit and then she says, crap, you know, so if you say crap or if you take one and it's, it's, if it like a, it would be like if the queen takes a dump. Nobody is going to say, oh, that's bald, you're the queen took a dump. It had like an air of, uh, beauty around it. It was sophisticated. It sophisticated dump because it was the queen that lifted. If the queen, like farted in an elevator, oh, isn't that a lovely scent because it was the queen or God forbid the queen mother. 1215 at your, uh, over hormone station Wiod. Some things in life are easy to describe. Like the way Madonna looks at five in the morning. The stadium the morning after a night game. In the hangover after too much to Kila. But how do you describe the Phil Henry show on 610 Wiod? Sanger answers to Wiod. Miami 33141. And in the meantime, imagine turning on a nightlight rolling over to see the Phil Henry show. 2-6 p.m. Monday through Saturday. On news, talk and entertainment radio. 610 Wiod. 610 Wiod. Intertainment for you. Page that's for us. Oh, Neil. My queen. God. What power then, El President say, man? I'm the most powerful God day man in the world. Yes, I am. Oh, yeah. Good. Neil. God. More power than El President say, man. I'm the most powerful God day man in the world. Yes, I am. Oh, yeah. Good. Neil. God. More power than El President say, man. I'm the most powerful God day man in the world. So, let me correct you. But there's a made out of people. Oh, that's beautiful. Thanks for never being. We get that taste as well. How do you feel? Well, 86% of newborn boys in this country are circumcised. They procedure as widely performed without any sort of anesthesia. I have no prep here. I'm going over here. Oh, yeah. God. Neil. God. Oh, yeah. I'm going over here. Oh, yeah. God. Neil. Oh, yeah. God. Neil. God. Oh, yeah. I'm going over here. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I've lost eight tonight's blockbuster. Any other company that perpetuates this kind of behavior? You've got to have three goals. Yeah. You've heard three goals. You've got to have three goals. It's me again. It's an old-zone provocateur. I don't have a bones but I don't have a pile. Hey, thing on much, I'll be here when I'm home. I know that the door isn't working. You're not working. Follow us to the crowd. Neil, God. Oh, yeah. You're Mary, God. You're a crowd. Neil, God. I'm going to hand you up someone, John. I, you have no idea. You don't do myself as well when I'm talking. They doesn't want that. It's great radio. I am that hemorrhage. No, we have a longer cord than his piece of crap. Look at this. Look how short this damn thing is. I'm going to take this cord and I'm going to cover it up his ass. Oh, Neil. This place operates like a freak in the house. It really does. I want to be left the freak alone. Okay. I'm in and mine for six years. You got a fourth of a man to look for the killer. Oh, yeah. Neil, God. Oh, yeah. Neil, God. Oh, yeah. He did it. There's no one that crap again out there. God. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Neil, God. Oh, power that out. President, they man. I'm the most powerful God day man in a world. I'm so, let me correct. You know, I remember Brian Sypes named this morning after much constipation with Defo. It just, it makes me almost feel that I know something about something. Not much. That was, that was a shocker. You know what these guys, these punks that think they know something. He wouldn't know when Elliot from Estuwellian. It's 11, 12, 120 already. Good. This thing is flying by man. Just a matter of moments. It'll be time to go to the bank and put that big check in there. How's Jane doing by the way? He's still pumping it. Probably after her and Aaron Summers. He's getting going. I got another facts from Greg by the way for those who are keeping trash. Oh, Greg. Get a life. And also he's going out about how he spilled all right and already with two else. And now, of course, he's corrected that. But he does say, he says, I'm not, I am not a typical free loader that calls and asks for something for free. Gromatically, that's incorrect. It would be who calls. Not that calls. People cannot be that. I'm a person that know your person who got it. Okay. You're working on it, Greg. He's getting there. Probably was educated in Florida. In fact, he says he was. That explains it. But we do have this awesome educational system in America. Just ask the Patterson. He's a product of it. As in, oh, hey, here's Boca. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Good. How the hanging baby. Pretty good. I just wanted to call and tell you that the Patriots are the best. And I lived in Boston for 11 years. And they took you out of there? Yeah, they had to move down here and want to suck the ass off and slow. How do you pressing the Heavenly Boston, man? Although this weekend's going to be colder and all hell up there. It's going to be bad. Oh, yeah. It's fun out there. It is fun. We've got real living and breathing people up there. All those colleges, all those great institutions of learning and learning and like it's a real place with real people. Yeah. And great restaurants and great ambiance and history and Paul Revere and all that crap. It's a great island Boston. Yeah, awesome. Great. And Drew Bloodsoman. I'll tell you within the next five years. He's going to make everybody forget about Danny Marina. Oh, I'm hearing two of that right now. Danny's great. But the group bloodsoller smash ball. And bloodsoller is going to break up. That's right. You got it. And guess what else? Because it's the pride of going to any Patriots games. Why is that? I don't know. They didn't want to go all the way up to Foxboro. Yeah. And I really suck. It's a pretty sad commentary that an area like Boston where they, I mean, that they sold out all the games before the season started. And an area like this with 4 million people that there were many games with big chunks of empty seats. That's some commentary at this time. That's terrible. Yeah. But my dad, his birthday coming up and I was wondering if I could get those tickets to the conference for the first time. Well, listen, Scott, why should my happy birthday for me, okay? All right. And have a great new year. Right. See. Nice try, Scott. Scott's a good guy. You know, something that might be the Patriots in the Dolphins in that game. Scott and his dad would have a great time. Damn it. I blew it. Should have given him a Scott. But I didn't. That would have been a good. Not a nice thing to do. But then you had to guys rooting for the Patriots there and that they would have turned on me. I guarantee you. We got plenty of people in the Saudi Institute. Hope the Dolphins get pasted this Saturday. That are a wish and that they just get blown right away. Huh? There's nothing that can worse than, uh, that's what Aaron Summers said. Get the honey, Danny. Wonder if Brian Cox is going to be a calm, Danny honey. Probably right after the game. Or maybe that's man. Is we're confusing him? You checked ass. Okay. Let's go. Where we going next. Two. I don't know what to do about those tickets to be honest with you. That was a nice try, Scott. Here's a lot of hell. Hello. Hey. You lead me hanging here. Am I? I've been on the phone since sector was a pop. Yeah. Same with my sister-in-law in this style like Dan and Lortar Hill. Yeah. I gotta say this memo. We know talking about parking down by Joe Robby. It's a me say about parking here. We made him a stake of a backing in and we received a letter saying. Oh, and did you hear what Aaron just said on that? Take we played never back in. That's right. Well, I learned that. When he jumped back out, but don't ever back in, she said. Well, we may not back in. So I drive away. We must pull in frontward. Wow. Always pull in frontwards. There you go. That's good. Good work to live by. Uh-huh. So anyway, a couple more days and then we'll be released. I think for baby's here. Yeah. We'll be able to go back to sunny Austin. Oh, you're going to Austin? Uh-huh. Well, that's not a bad place. I'd never been there. But I hear it's like a bastion of almost modern thinking almost. Well, now that all the Republicans won, that's going to change. Yeah, probably. Same thing. Costa coast. So under any circumstances, don't give me the ticket. Okay. You got it. We have an open line in Broward 524. I just want to please. That's where we're here. We aim to please. That's what Aaron. No, we said aim to please. Scored Scored Peter North was your first pupil. He gets high marks. Right up about that high. 1224 and W.I.O.D. just below the ceiling up there. Where we gone to a South Miami. He said, hello. Honey, I miss you. It's a, no. Bobby Goldberg. I was going to say Glenn Campbell. I always get Bobby Goldberg on a Campbell confused. It's Bobby. I only heard from Bobby in long time as a matter of fact, since he got the stuck in that honey. That's all I wanted to say. I'm waiting for half hours to see that. Beautiful job, pal. How do you like Aaron? Not bad. There you go. Going into the bathroom right now. Okay. Go wipe the smile on that post. Yeah. Go wipe off. We have an open line in date. 7.5. Well, let's hear a little more of that Aaron Summers. George one more. Well, woman, I'm going to be real honest with you. Everybody has limitations in some way, shape, or form. Some limitations we can see, we can hear other limitations. We can't. I just need to have more confidence in yourself. When you go up to a woman's got, just be yourself. You know, there's a woman who approach you. Nobody who's making eye confidence. When you go up, don't try to say, you know, a pickup line. Be yourself. Just say hello. And a good sense of humor doesn't hurt either. I think I think we can don't even worry about the stuttering. You know, have their self confidence and just go for it. You're going to find the right gal. I have no doubt about that. Good luck. Well, you talk about it. I'm going to show you what this girl probably bought. You know, okay. Two years later, he gets engaged to her. This is your friend. Right. Okay. And then they break it off. Mm-hmm. She and I never had sex. We had, you know, some good oral sex and things like that. Right. But she's coming down here. That's the tape. Now, what does that mean? We never had sex. We had some good oral say. They never had intercourse. See, this is one of the things. We need Joyce Lynn elders in a jocelyn, Joyce Lynn, jousel in what, jousel in whatever her name is. Rosaline. Uh, you know, sex is sex, okay. And that's one of the things that people don't understand. That's why these young people are out there doing the old in out all the time. Because they don't understand. There's other ways to do it. And of course, if she was any kind of a bitch, which he's not, she'd be telling people that. And I'll see what she tells them. We basically, you know, she talked to me about it. And she's wanting to sleep with me. Now, is it, or is it, or is it, or is it, or is it, or how should I feel about doing out now with his ex, Beyonce? Um, how could a friend of the two? How should I feel? Oh, God. We're pretty happy. That's like that online about the doctor. The guy goes there to the doctor's office. Hey, doc, how do I feel? I mean, what is that? How should I feel? Feel this, pal. Just recently, a few days ago, I found out that Right, I mean, I told you, I was the girl that I was seeing. As in after I moved out. Fuck it in. Oh, my God. I can't hold like that. Who needs enemies, huh? But he didn't sleep with her. He didn't sleep with her. He just said, so, you know, if you'll have a separate room. You know, they're broken up now, or. Well, I mean, if you, okay, first off, if you, if you get together with her, I mean, it would be strictly for sex. Or do you see the possibility that it might be a renewed friendship or relationship? Um, more than likely, just sex. Or am I looking at it? I don't know. How are you talking about? Okay, um, all right, if you, if you do sleep with her, and it's only going to be sad. Forget the sleep on the floor. If you, if you, if you're, if you're, I'm going to be upset by this. Um, because it's a good chance he will find out. Yeah. Um, he, he would probably be upset, especially some patron this other day. Well, I'll pick you to your friend. I'll pick you to your friend. I'll pick you to your friend. I'll pick you to your friend. I think you're, I think you're, I think you're, I think you're, right. With fire to your friend. Friendship between you and this guy. If you called in tonight's season, you're going to be a friend with this guy. If you want to get me that's the obvious question. Why is he running away? Why? He was a good friend of what father said. That's right. Um, I, I think, number one, he will find out. Number two. We're not lying about a sharing experience. That's where it's at. Jared Shirley. Just stay away. There's other women that you can have a cell phone relationship down here. Or of course there's only sex with yourself and there's certainly nothing wrong with that. But have a good time with her, but stay out of her drawers. That's what I would say. Yeah. But as far as her chest and her bureau, that's okay. What was that? We had great oral sex, but we didn't have sex. I get out of here already. Where Jesus. Get the honey, Junior. Ha ha ha. Okay. Let's do a little break here while everybody recovers now. She's like I said, she's going to be great, but it's obvious. She hasn't got any idea what she's talking about. So why do you guys and women if you want advice, forget about it, but if you want to get tiddle related, this is definitely going to be the show for you. 1229 and she's got a great ass. So W-I-O-D. 1233 and W-I-O-D. Happy Thursday to it, boys. It's getting pretty close again. I'll lead to not tomorrow is the office open tomorrow or not. We don't know. I doubt it. Because here's another great opportunity, but I'm not going to say too much because we got Monday off. Oh, I love it. I love these long-bustmen holidays and they can take all of the stuff they want. I don't think there'll be too much of a crowd here tomorrow. And then of course Saturday and Sunday and Monday. But Rick and Sots will be back on Monday morning and won't that be a little slap and a post when they find out through the only ones working live that day? What a bad break. But Rick's tickets. I will leave them in his box though for Monday morning, even though the game is Saturday. I still have heard nothing about that. He is a moron. He really is. I want to go. I want to make it official right now. Rick Riley could be the dumbest man on the face of the earth. I'm walking around and I don't like it. I can lose those tickets. They can get burned in a fire. I mean, anything can happen to him. And once they're gone, it's not like, oh, well, I will replace him for it. We know there are seats for get it. Once they're gone, they be gone. I think we should give more of today. Because he's not making any real effort that Mark production mark. He's not here to a sure won't be your tomorrow. So what the hell is he talking about? Mark's going to bring him up to forget it. Rick, they're a history, baby. You're a dead mate and your tickets are gone. Who wants them? Here's a cross brings. Hello. Hello. Cross brings to listen to the radio. They got to crank that probably the air and summer shows. What do you do to them? Hello. Look at that. Everybody that was on hold. Random hold. Random hold. Random hold. Random hold. Random hold. Random hold. Random hold. Random hold. Time tunnel. Time tunnel. Time tunnel. Time tunnel. Carl springs. Castle. And I was going to give them a Rick stick. It's too. Bad break. Maybe that was Rick. Open line in the Broward 5249463. 524Wio D. Here's North Miami. Hello, North Miami. Hello, North Miami. Hello, to us back to you. Hey, listen, you guys are going to have a niche out there with the Aaron check. Is that right with the Aaron bitch? Yeah, I would share. Yeah, and it sounds like it's just going to be an audio Rick Lake show to me. Oh, get out of here. Ricky Lake. She just got a bunch of trailer park trash on that show. She just got a bunch of Yahoo's staging all these fake arguments back screaming back and forth. Oh, when I was young, you did bad things to me. And you didn't care about me. And now that I'm holding this custom and this, uh, for good. She got the, the 18 year old wife that's married to the five year old kid in the 85 Man, it's married to Ricky's and monkey and the Mickey's monkey. It called in, listen. Oh, I have to heck with it anyway, but I'm not heck with it. That's what I say. I have never heard. I've been told about the tape that you have about the guy drives a car around. It was an asshole and he does all sorts of weird things on the highway. I've never heard that thing. You still have it active? Do I have an active? Yes, it's still in the, it's not an easy-to-off. It's an easy-to-off. It's an easy-to-off. I might, if I feel real good, I might play that. But you certainly might not. Okay. Thank you very much. Have a great day. Happy New Year. Bye-bye. Y'all come back. The year? Open line and date. He must be from Taylor, Michigan. I hope Dick still listening. He's the only one in American. It was with Taylor's Autobot. That's where they got that big economy sized jar of gasoline on top of the old TV, baby, with the rabbit ears. And they multiply like rabbits and Taylor, Michigan. You see, I don't understand that. How can there be rednecks up north? We were talking about this the other day. They were rednecks, but they live in the north. But then when you really stop and analyze what this country's all about, like in New York State, people think people from New York are all like New York City type people. And they're not. Because people from like, as soon as you get up, I would say north of the anchors. Forget it. Like in Udica and connected in Albany and Rochester and Binghamton and Corning in Ithaca and Lawrence. And Lee Roy. Who wants to go to an effin' day at school anyway? Lee Roy? And places like that. They're farmers. They're mostly farmers. And you go like to Iowa and Nebraska and Kansas and north and South Dakota and Montana. And Wyoming and Utah, while Utah is in a different story. They're more, more, more, more moms. But like in all of a sudden, I guess what? They're farmers. Oklahoma, Texas, Louisiana. They're farmers. There's nothing but a big bunch of freaking farmers in this country. And how much different is farmers from rednecks when they come right down to it? They're farmers, man. There's big city slickers and there's farmers and then there's people from Nashville. Okay. There's no sense of getting excited about it. That's America for it. That's why it's in the shape that it's in today. Just ask old noot. Here's Mommy likes on a proud line. New. New. Desperate. Yes. Hey, hi, dude. Good. Hey, about that everyone. Yeah. One, six, six. Hot thing. She is a hot number, man. She's got the hot ass ass. So hot. Yeah. Boy, it sounds to me like you're just on the edge. Or maybe over the edge. I can't wait to get home. Yeah. Or the title, the sale on wetnaps is going to really be going up pretty big. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And about that honey? Yeah. It works, but you have to try lick a pick. Lick a pick. Yeah. Something sexy on North Miami? Yeah. They still lick a pick. You have to try it. Lick a pick? Lick a pick. Lick it? Yeah. Start licking. Yeah. Sounds like a voice of experience to me. Hey, man. Yeah. We do it always. Do it. Hey, oh, by the way, I'm a big theater fan. We're going all the way this year. Yeah. I'll be sure to bring that lick a pet when you do. And what else? Yeah. My times that he's not too bad. I come to that. Yeah. I rather him than an old dog. There you go. Old Donald's dog. My, my, my, my, my lick a lick a mow. Oh, that was sucks for my clicks. Okay. Good luck to you, pal. Okay. Take a kiss. Yeah. Look a pet. See, I lick this. Now like she invented it with all kinds of like savs and pot necessary to like that's something to know that he just discovered, see basically her show is informational and it misinformation for survival. Revolutionary people for people are like very inhibited. And have no idea what anything of life is all about. Like the woman who wanted to have an orgasm. What the hell makes her think that women are in title hamburger, sometimes anyway, what is she some kind of a smart ass boy? Talk about a a possessive obnoxious manipulative bitch. here's the lady in the south Miami. Hello. How are you doing? How are you? I'm great. Happy New Year. And back to you. 1995. It's almost here. Those years just keep rolling and rolling and rolling along. So remind me, I feel like I'm getting a little bit older and older and everybody we knew is dying and it's really great. Well, the joy. Especially down here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. In fact, that's one of the great hobbies done. Here's reading your bitchew worries every day. It's a lot of fun. Take takes a lot of time. It's good. You know, when you're eating your breakfast, get them to do. And then you see like they were 110 and 97. Oh, God. I got a long way to go. I'm just a queen ageer. Exactly. Well, I am a teenager. Basically. I'm going to be 25. Oh, just a young thing. I'm still a pup. I guess. Well, I mean, we apologize for playing that here in summers because your young tender ears are much much too young for hearing that stuff. And my virgin ears are my goodness. Yeah. I do have a shameless request that I've been trying to get from you all week long. For you anything. She talks to Guitos. She talks to Guitos. Haven't played that in the coupons age. You know what? And it's ready to fire right now. Oh, thank you. We got Guitos in the oven right now. Thank you. So that's a great one. You too. See you. Bye. Wasn't she nice. That was like a breath of air. Like I said, like, now what is with this thing? Oh, I know what it is. I did that. I screwed it up because I did that little wah-hi thing. And I screwed this thing off. So it's my fault hunting. I apologize profusely. Is that it? Uh-huh. Oh, one thing about this DCS band when you screw with it. It screws right back. Kind of like you're in summers. But she does have great bands. She talks to guys with lousy addiction. Hey, honey. He's gonna buy you the drink. vinaiguito joe. We did. And Joey theta, Sam. Yeah. He asked her, do you come here off? What's the babe like you're doing in a ball's up joint like this? Can I get you a drink on me? And don't mind the disormom. I lip it, it's temporary, you know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, go away. You know you feel a full-fake. I like that fish that's skirt, that's beautiful. You remind me of my mom, you are. Bloodshot eyes, he got to be now. He right back, sweetie. He's gonna drain the drag. He wears his chinos with two tight. Oh, yeah. But don't I look good? Bricks out a lot of fifties when the check comes. Yeah, I'm in New York. Then it's back to the spin, the night. What do you mean, no? What do you mean? He asks, he talks to quit us. Come on, honey. They always fancy, don't change. Come on, sweetie. Oh, yeah. He talks to quit us. Come on, baby. I'll look for no brand. Hey, you mean, no brand? Who said that? Hey, he talks to quit us. Come here. Let's point, they's wise, who can't play. Hey, where are you? Oh, yes, he talks with quit us. Hey, does she always sense a damn? Hey, howdy, where you going? Come back, sweetie.usp competed, now he's low zero. And then you went straight. Good luck, sweetie, not just daddy. You long way, huh? Yep. You guys. I'm going to get our next three of us. Time to check out our markets. Money is wasting much time now. One black house. under them because he's got a lot of money and then we came along with our smart ass attitude and with the sisters who've got more money than he'll ever dream of seeing and we said, Poof to you Wayne and they don't like that. They hate they hate us. They hate it. It's said right. That's pretty pissed off about it too. They're pissed off. That's why Wayne was sitting next to Brian Cox on the sideline the other night and that game. He was sitting right next to Brian. He said, Brian, you pissed off. He died so right. That's so my. I'm pissed off. Let's just get pissed off together. Oh man. Or like you said in a bit, remember what it said in the beginning of network the two old friends got properly. Now see we can't say that. They got properly pissed off without the off. Well, if you're English, you can say it because it means strong. Oh, they got properly pissed in the English style. Yeah. Well, there are a lot of English things that uh oh, as a matter of fact, I was I'm glad you mentioned that because I was getting gas in my shelf stays near the day and I'm staying on what are you going to do? They notice how they have those little TV screens now where they have those stupid little uh the run little commercials while you're pumping it. I don't want to see no spots while I'm pumping it. But on the on the actual nozzle, it says do not top off. Danger. Uh what does it say? Dangerous spillage may occur. And of course, you which spewage as in score and score because the British top off is like turning Japanese as a doctor, Joyce Lnelders would say that's masturbation. We have to list but because otherwise do not top off dangerous spillage may occur. So when you go to the shelf station, definitely keep your hands on the uh nozzle. It's 1245 in WIOD. The holidays are here in good old ponytail. Jeff Cohen who's just like a bad penny keeps showing up over and over again. Jeff Cohen and the pizza loft catering and division are back in action. They're ready to help you with your next office party. Get together with ideas and the best tasting Italian specialties in town. With prices as low as four and a half bucks per person and delivery anywhere in Dave County, it just makes sense to call Jeff at the loft during this holiday season. I was just there. It says was I just there? Well not that long ago. We were in Bert like was yesterday. Right Ross? You bet Jose and the food is still great. It's simple when you're ready to step up to the flavor of great tasting it to our triad in food. You're ready to step up to the pizza loft. Easy to get there if you know where to look. Just east of the Palmetto at the corner of 69th in Flagler. For 19 years Jeff Cohen and his personal weight staff have been doing it. They've been working hard. Really, really hard to make sure you come back again and again and again and again and again and recently the mommy hurled said the pizza loft is definitely worth a drive. Well why do they keep putting the same old stuff in his copy? I'm starting to get really pumped off about that. I'd like to tell us too. Lack of anything. However the important thing is there'll be open New Year's Eve and New Year's Day. I'd like that New Year's Eve which is tomorrow night. Saturday night. Why are you noting yes? Tomorrow night is not New Year's Eve. Saturday night. What? I'm Brendan. Lack I said the loft will be open Saturday night and Sunday New Year's Eve and New Year's Day. So spring into the New Year spring back fall ahead fall on this. At the pizza loft called 2665111. 69th in Flagler upstairs. If Jeff a real twist for the New Year. Just with a doctor ordered. Marino and Montana. If the NFL's premiere game is playoff weekend and you'll hear all the actions starting a new Saturday on the dolphin express. Dolphins and chiefs. Montana and Marino. FIFA and Bocaper. Saturday on news talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. 610 WIOD. We don't let music ruin your fun. New go. Yes I am. Ladies for the last three years you probably been wondering what's happened to your favorite Latin troubadour who the only place is while he's going to med school and now. 2. Oh they get us. I've a good love. He's Doctor Hulu. Yo he glazed his. I'm O.B. G. Y. N. I've had you on your back. You're a pizza in the rack. Who on the girls? I've closed before. Doctor Hulu. It glazed his. Oh B. G. Y. Coming soon to a clinic near you. George Court 1249 at WIOD. How's Jake doing by the way? How's Matt? Hey Matt. How you doing? How Sean doing? Haven't seen him at the track lately. I sure hope he didn't get absconded with by you know who on the fourth floor. We have an open line on the purple line at pound IOD. We'll excuse me. And what on the green line? A 1 800. That's cellular one line. Man that's going to be the bone. The bane of our existence in the future after Saturday. We're losing in case you joined us late the bell soft and this is we didn't just make this up any of us. Bell soft mobility is yanking it on us because they don't want to be associated with WIOD. They don't want us to have a bell soft mobility line. Couldn't we just have it and not say that? No, they don't want anything to do with us. They find us to be disgusting and grow test can decadent and nauseating and perverted, which is what everybody out there likes, but they don't like that. So I say up to them. Here is dear field. Hello. Neil. Yes. How are you? Great. Great. First time call our longtime listener. All right. Yeah, I got to tell you. Tell me. Three weeks ago. 74 year old man runs a red light. Yeah. Total's my car. Put me in the hospital. I see you for four days with five broken ribs. Yeah. And a torn split. Maybe Dick Pertons got Dr. Jax phone number. It's not a good idea. Yeah. Well, I'm watching the Kansas City game and I'm telling them don't give me the demo all till five minutes into the fourth quarter. I had tickets for the game. Yeah. Neil, I got to go to the game. Can you help me out? Can you help me out? For all time say you for all time. Remember the line in the Godfather? This is can you help me out time for all time sake and time says can't do it, Sally. We have an open line on the uh, Howard line 5249463 one on the green line. What? Can I help him out with what? What is that man? What? I don't have tickets for the Kansas City again. The tickets that I do. Oh, I have oh, I forgot. I got to get a Rick Rally's tickets right here. Seriously, if I don't have a call from Rick Rally by one o'clock, which is nine minutes from now during the one or two hour, I'm giving away his tickets for the Kansas City dolphin game on Saturday. I am not going to continue walking around in this position of not having any idea. I mean, seriously, you talk about it in considering another guy's on vacation, but he's in town and he called yesterday, I put him on a year right on the heels that poor woman with a daughter that was brain is bleeding all over the table you know, and she wants to empty tickets. He wouldn't give a he's a cheap skate is what he is. He wouldn't know a football from a salami sandwich this Rick Rally and all of a sudden he's a big football fan probably gonna scalp him is what it's all about. Free loader? Although he did pay for him I'll say that there are his tickets. But even so like I said the next eight minutes in 20 seconds if he don't get on a stick he's going to be he's going to be sitting out there at the tailgate party on his tail. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, I've never listened to you before and I've never called before and I'm really surprised at how good the show it is. It's good. What do you mean you're surprised at how good it is? Well, I mean I never you know you think of a hand you don't think of very God. Exactly. Here is a man who's got an IQ bigger than his member size. A. M. Radio generally sucks. It's like a dinosaur. It's from the dark ages and most people who are like living and breathing which is the audience that we strive for they don't even know from a right how old are you sir? 16 and you've lived your all your life and you've never listened to this station before? No, I haven't. Unbelievable. Yeah, and I congratulate you on the stand in the dolphins because they really They blow they make me sick. What's your team? The team rushing to the rescue. Oh, man. We're not telling you one thing that the police band integrity that Gus Farat was exciting for a couple of weeks until he decided he sucked and they put he threw it back in quarter back but at least you know there's a little excitement there and they did win a game. Right there at the end just what everybody was right a barrier and they won a game which was very excited. You're giving away the ticket yet? If I give it away. Yeah. Oh, you think that just because you called and sucked around I'm gonna give away tickets. I'm around. I work in a fist. I'm a I'm a complacent high school student and I'm wondering if you give an OST. Yeah, but you just want to go there root against the dolphins which is almost enough to make me give them to you. Yeah, but I don't think so but have a great new year pal. You too. Hang on tight. How do you like that? There's a good guy. Just see I wish that and now who was it yesterday was tell me about the terrabella was a color? Remember he was in a card his kids hit a bunch of kids as son and his friends from terrabella and they're all 14 years old and they said turn on IOD and shut up because we want to hear Neil. See the kids in this town they love this show but it's like another closet thing. It's a closet thing and even those kids at plantation high including the one or two punks that's then on my street corner who are gonna get really nailed after the new year by the way that one asshole that kid with a bicycle. I'm gonna run his ass over and be proud of it and stand there and just look down at the body and do a dance in the street. But those kids love this show most of those kids are afraid to admit it though because then their friends are gonna say bag it stuff like that and they probably are a little fact it's anywhere their friends. So let me make a special dedication by the way. Oh Join the big swish to test the field queen new choice of the bags of America. Oh, which reminds me I saw Jay Highler in a parking lot this morning. I said Jay Jay you're getting married to that needle nose bitch over there that Jessica a gyrini said yes I am and man there was a line behind him. I understand those seriously. We gave him a lot of heat on the show yesterday. Here all the guys, especially the news guys the channel 7 are behind him. She wasn't wearing her engagement. Did you hear what I just said? I said all the people who all the guys the channel 7 are behind Jay. closely. I heard. Okay, what is it? She wasn't wearing her engagement ring all day yesterday so we're safe. The fourth of they big diamonds. Maybe her girlfriend got up fit. Just a joke Jessica. It's just a little joke. You know how these rumors get started. Maybe Jay's boyfriend got up said I'm sorry. Jay Highler in Jessica. Gary that's like an Erica Strottomarage. That's like a David Cassidy merch. Remember how long those deals lasted? Long enough for somebody to make a baby. Maybe Jessica can ever accentress his baby. Oh God man. One thing easy about the his baby. They probably slip right out. Anyways, 12.55. You don't need any honey for that. Oh geez. What a thought. Oh. Do you think he circumcised? I sure doubt it. Rick Sanchez. Let's hope not. Let's go to a dear field. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? Explain something to me. What is it? Now I own two dogs. A German Shepherd Golden Retriever. Yes. And one of my neighbors comes over and goes, Hey, you're Golden Retriever, crapped in my yard. And I go get your facts straight. It was a German Shepherd. What's the big deal? It's still crapped. Right. That's right. Crapped is crapped no matter what. That's a very good point. And since he owns both teams anyway the Marlins and the Dolphins, what difference does it make? Wayne. Yeah. So I don't understand. But head. Well, maybe maybe someday we'll get our our facts straight. Yeah. I don't want to lay a heavy load on Houston because there are a lot of other owners. But just keep in mind, he gave us the Dolphins. He gave us the Marlins. He gave us the Panthers. And now both of those teams are in limbo perpetually and may never ever play again. You know, everybody was playing until Wayne stuck his finger in things. And from what we hear, he's one of the most adamant of the owners. And a real major butt plug in detrimental solution. And now we got no hockey and no baseball. So thank you so much, Santa. And don't forget. And only that Wayne you did give us a crappy field that day, too. Right. You're also. You suck Wayne. How great knew your power was that. Oh, camper. I think so. Kim likes sucks up to Wayne at the game. But off on the air, you know, a different story. When he's doing a voice, we have an open line. It's in date County 7519463751 WIOD. Don't forget James by the way. We don't want him to be lonely. He's over there by that Chevron station right. Kitty quarterback crispy crispy cream. And that he gave us about E5 building. So if you can't put your finger on where he is now, just go back home and forget it. 167 speed. 163rd. Where? Whatever it is, okay? And Northease 6th Avenue there by that Chevron station. He's over there right now looking for a free tickets and peddling those Nebraska sucks t-shirts. And if we had any real hurricane fans in this town, see, that's the thing that I find very distressing about this town. And you know, being a Spartan myself and hating everything about hurricane sports as I do, I'm not going to pretend to be a bandwagon jumper there. But I will say this since allegedly everybody in this town. Everybody with 100 miles of it is now a big hurricane bandwagon jumping fan. How come everybody doesn't show up at the orange bull on Sunday where one of those Nebraska sucks t-shirts? Then you'd have something. Then it's on national TV. The whole country is looking and get this tremendous kick out of this thing. Nebraska sucks. They bite the big one. They got these great t-shirts with a corn cob and a band symbol on a back and that E-I-E-I. Oh, an aback thing there with a musical notes. It's a beautiful thing. And you people, there are only 10 bucks and it goes to center one. You ought to get out there and be buying like a crap loads of them from James right now as I speak. Get with it. Kendall. Kendall. Hello. Good bye. Nobody in Kendall. What a bad break for them. I was just going to give them work rallies tickets too. Open line and date 751 W-I-O-D here's Carl Springs. Hello. Hey, Neha. How you doing? Great. Reason I'm calling up is a couple months ago. We had our first experience together. I uh, I'd called up about the satellite dishes that are out there. Scored Scored? Yeah. Scored anywhere. And. And I was in the shower and I told my roommate hold down. It's Neha picks up the phone. You got to get me out of the shower. Yeah. The second I go in the shower, bam, you pick up the phone. I come running out. I got soap, so I was all over me. I'm naked, dripped and wet. Yeah. I just had to tell you that. Neha, it was our first experience. Yeah. You ever have an experience like that before? Not quite. But I've had it when it sounds like you've been thinking about it long and hard since then though. A long long and hard. I don't know how long or how hard, but uh, a little bit of each I think. So what's this he got against the hurricane fans? Fonies. Fonies. How about when they play one of those girl schools like Temple or Long Beach State and they have like 20,000 people in the orange pool? Well, that's because all the locals and the locals, my aunt and locals from what I've always experienced. The locals. The local football games. They don't go to the dolphin games. They don't go to the hurricane games. The locals? The locals. And how about before they started when all these games last few years? How about going to use to have like 20,000 people in Notre Dame game? It's pretty much a synthetic fan base. You'd have to admit that. It's pretty much your make believe. Well, where the fan base is always not north. There you go. Look at the dolphins. Well, because coming down to the game. So he's people from from from from from from all over the Yorkers through the Genslam. Good point. Well, listen, go work yourself into a lair and have a great new year pal. Time's up. The radio station Wayne loves to hate. News talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD Miami Fort Lauderdale. Gosh, Nick, everything is so good. I like it. I like it. News talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD presents the Neal Rogers show. To talk with the locals. 751 WIOD from Dade. 524 WIOD from Rower. Outside the 305 area code it's toll free. 1-8944 WIOD. Belts out mobility customers can call star IOD at no charge. Sailor 1 customers can call pound IOD at no charge. Now, here's Neal Rogers on news talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Hey, but heads. It's the one to two hour. Today Wayne came in to town. You'll be over the top end. Tomorrow's world around. We thought it was the greatest until we all got to do. Now I'm on the top end. We're got big men and trees sneaking towards a new one. We started renting movies. section four O' mean hand none. Don't wait and sit via on a plane, via the police suspents Now I find a Data village Now I want a Duration of The WAY I heard Neurot just say it, I went to a gym box, I went to see the fan-ther, when I heard a lot of the doors, it's a hundred degrees in a time, but I keep found a field, I thought just didn't want the food stop the way. One way to WI-D, there's no stopping them now, and he's got his head full of craters, and got a full head of steam, and he's just to give us all a little of. Anyway, you know, if I could ask just one question when I saw Brian and Wayne sitting side by side, I'll pit-dough there at the game on a sideline, if I had one question to ask those two guys it would have been. Have you guys ever seen me chose Dina's food? But that would have been bad. Okay, then they need to really been pit-dough, I think, probably no-one named Thour Puth. Let's go and of course the answer might have been, here's Holly, what, hello. Hey Neur, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. All right, first I'm calling along time listeners. All right. So you pit-dough, too? I pit-dough, thank you. That's how I'll get pit-dough together, man. I will pit-dough. When Brian's pit-dough, I'm pit-dough. And he gets pit-dough with the best of that Brian cock. Great job, man. Thank you, man. So you're giving away them to get, man? Give it away, what, man? Them two tickets to the cheese game. To the cheese game? The cheese game, huh? Yeah. They call it when you wrap it a little a crafting or write around it. No, it's the cheese game. Don't wrap it too tight, Pally. Happy New Year. We have an open line in Broward. Yeah, I see the guy made a very excellent point there. And unfortunately, I didn't think of it at the time to give it to him because he sounded like, you know, guy that wouldn't enjoy it. And they take it to the stew. I got him right here in my hand. And Rick Riley, I don't know, you know, you're really tempting the fates. You're really tempting the fates. I don't know whether the scream or culture key to banana at this point. What are we going to do about this? Remember the briefcase? Yeah. Oh, that's right. This would be payback for that damn briefcase of mine. Want to ask you're right. He is an asshole. Oh, man. Rick Riley stole my briefcase. I'll never forget that. I go on vacation. I had a briefcase that had like my contract in and all kinds of personal stuff. And it was in like a broom closet in the other room. And he gave it away on the air that idiot. And then he gave it away to some more on listener who like made copies of everything that's in or nothing. It was that big of a deal. But it just it just something you don't do. Where is that by the way? Is it under Rick Sanchez? Because where's it under Dick Riley? It's under the Dick column. Where the hell is Rick Riley stole my briefcase? I like the part in his face. Okay. That's for me, Dick. What gives him the right? I think his wife bought a bite at off the night. Rick Riley stole my briefcase. What does this trace to the human race? Oh, Rick, you're a smuck. And go for sucks. That wheel of meat should also include Rick Riley's butt bump bump. Oh, Rick Riley stole my briefcase. I like a part in his face. You know, Rick Riley, you're an asshole. Oh, I don't know what to do. I hate to give away somebody else's goods. But like I said, he sure did it with mine. All of this in this case, I don't think I could give him back. But who cares? Anyway, let's go to a moral table. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm down here visiting my brother from this place. It's called Tampa. Yeah. And up in Tampa. Place. Yeah, they have this thing. I use that term very specifically. This thing called the Tampa Bay fucking ears rhymes with suck. Yeah. That's right. And some people call it a football team. But see, I don't know what a football team is. You see, because they sure fall short of the definition that I am a cousin. Well, if you ever seen Craig Erickson up close, fall short is the obvious term for him. And I was just wondering if you would have any compassion. Tampa Bay, Blue. Yes. To someone to see a football game for the first time in their lives. Yeah. You would do me the favor. You know, the justice, I would call the justice. Okay. Don't forget the honey junior. He's a virgin after all. I'm sorry. He gone. We have an open line in date 7519463. Now, see, I don't have any tickets here. So the quick with the suck it around. Boy, you just joke around a little bit. I mean, nothing. These seven or eight pair for Saturday's game. I don't have any tickets here that are used in these people. And my pair on the 50 art line for the Fc championship, which may not even get played. I mean, that would be a horrendous thing to totally the emotions and make you feel like you want something really, really important on the 50th of January right on the 50 art line two pre-most seats for the Fc championship game. And then the dolphins, all of a sudden rear up there, ugly head. They're ugly, rear and lose a game like you this Saturday or the San Diego game. And then you just wind there a hold in your own. That would be bad. I would hate to do that to anybody out there. So quit suck it around. A quit bagging already. Man, it's getting embarrassing. I'm just I'm humiliated and degraded for you. By the way, did I say, I'm a bay. Blue. Enough. Now, her show is also, are we supposed to talk about this on here? I guess it really does make any difference. Aaron Summers is also going to be on in Tampa and Orlando. So if you think that some of the colors were a little bit on the naive, so I keep in mind, that was strictly Orlando. Yeah. Where they just can't finger anything out. How can you finger anything out when all the fingers are in as in the both nostrils? How can you get 10 fingers in two nostrils? That takes talent, man. When you got all your fingers in your nostrils, you have got some serial talent, baby. Yeah. I can't finger it out, man. And knows it's an erroneous on you now. Yeah. There must be. Yeah, put the honey in your nose. That ought to taste really good. Never just start looking your fingers, baby. Oh, delicious. It tastes like something good, but it's not. So anyway, it's 114 at WOD. Speaking of it's not, it's how Mark Jacobson do. And he's a hell of a guy. And he's a real whale of a guy. Well, that's cock something. I'm not Brian Don, but he has so pit of and he never even sent me a check for sent a one that don't cock. You are such a cheap, skate man. You are such a phony. If you'd stop buying all that cheap wine and send me a check, we'd appreciate it. Anyway, Kendall Toyota is going to get a lot of imitators this weekend. That's right. Their print ads and radio ads from all the other dealers will kind of sound like it. Look like and feel like and smell like Kendall Toyota ads. But trust me what I tell you, they're just a shadow of the real thing. Beware. Only Kendall Toyota is the world's largest Toyota dealer and as a result, they want on to you that there is no deal in South Florida on any brand new Toyota that they can't and won't be. They guarantee it. They guarantee that they will beat any legitimate advertised price from any other Toyota dealer or they'll give you that car for free. That's some serious balls. Maybe that's some serious big ones. They guarantee if they can't beat it, they'll give it to you for free in the deal too. And only Kendall Toyota guarantees you at least four grand for any trade-in regardless of age, condition or mileage toward the purchase of any Instox Electoyde you pick out. Kendall Toyota, that's where it's happening. Don't waste your time and money any place else. You'll find them on US-1 just off the day later call 1-800-873-TO-Y-O. 1-800-873-TO-Y. Oh! Have you noticed the variety of team shows that have developed on 610-WI-OD? There's some for in-mandage, written suds, defo in-mandage, fill in Margaret. So to break with tradition, it's defo solo all this week in the morning from 6-10-A-M. Call it, ask him about nuclear physics or counter-transplant tomatoes. Defo in the morning on 610-WI-OD. Boy! You never saw my hand go break, you know, I need to put down my- Tonight on ESPN, it's Wepra gun hunting with the NRA. Are you really gonna shoot a leprechaun if you see one? You kidding? That's good eaten. Oh, but isn't it, is you man? They don't feel it besides it thins them out. Oh! Waff, we hunters weren't around in a couple of years, it'd be leprechauns everywhere you stay. Oh, I'm not a soul. So it's just another hunt to you. Well, there's one difference on leprechauns. What's that? Well, let me shoot back. Like I'll stick the buddy rabbits. Leprechaun hunting with the NRA on ESPN. Right after Bungie Bowling. Don't be frustrated. 118-WI-OD-Happy Thursday, Poit, I could have left here really early. Got my paycheck before 10 o'clock this morning. And everybody is like getting their crap together, getting their desk organized, making it look like they really got their garbage together, and they're getting ready for a long busman's holiday. So what do you say we just take off tomorrow, George? In fact, you don't really be a really great idea. Is if we play tapes tomorrow, I don't answer the door of the phone. Right, Rick? Rick! I'll wet my pants. Yeah, you would. Because I got his tickets, baby, for the Kansas City Dolphin game on Saturday afternoon four, it's Thursday afternoon at 1-18 now, and the clock is ticking away, it's ticking. And nothing. Put a little air in summers on here, come on, let's... Yeah, I don't know, I don't know, I want to put my one. Oh, yeah, my boyfriend is pretty coming up. And I promised him like, he's a great sex. Bring the KY Jelly Darlene. I was just wondering, what are some ideas that could have to do on him? Ooh, have you ever done a strip tease for him? Uh-huh. Oh, okay, this is the way to get her. I've had so much luck with this group, and all right. Right, I'm going to pick out a good song that you like. Nothing real heavy, but cornflon, sexy, and a little bit of a kind of low down and dirty kind of thing. And what you can do, I bet you got to load down dirty fun. Now pick out your music, and practice this several times before you do it for him, okay? And maybe have your clothes layered, you know, you could start out with something even like, a sexy little night robe and high heels, you take off the robe, you're going down to a sexy little nighty and heels, take off the nighty, you could have a camosole line with pretty panties, so you can get a sexy bra on, with little panties now in your high heels, take the bra off at that point, and finally let him take the underwear off you. I think you'll enjoy that a month later. And I go see you in good movies. Okay, you're on real radio, what a 4.1. Hi, Aaron. Hi Cindy. I just wanted to compliment you on last night's show. Oh, thank you. I was really great at giving, gave me some good ideas, but my husband's out of town, so I have to wait until he comes back. Yeah, he's riding out herself in the middle of the day. You got a phone set. Yeah, let's be saying that. I've never done that before. Oh, boy, it's your husband. And it's my husband, yeah, of 18 years. Oh, boy, there's nothing like phone set. It's when you call him, call him in the evening when you're nice and relax. Right. Have a glass of wine, dinner, what a romantic mood. Oh, I'm so sexy. But candlelight dinner by herself, doing phone sets, what a be on the phone. That's romantic baby. And just call him up and watch. What you're going to do with the candle? Cindy is, guess what I'm wearing. Yeah, yeah, he'll love that. Are you turning this off? Please shut it off immediately. How about that it's a bit smarter? No, seriously, that's the level that these last two calls. I mean, the other calls were like at least titillating. But these calls were like on such a juvenile first do a strip tease and then like, oh, God. OK, boy, didn't grow old. Here's just looked down there. Just looked down. We'll go on your thing. And you'll see, thought, then put your thumb right where you're no with you to be. It's going to be great. She's really dynamite. And of course, the reason that Steve Nickel hired her was because she's got a phenomenal ass. Here's my me, Alex. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah, God. Yes, sir. She's diving here. And I'm sick of her. Yeah, well, I had those last two calls kind of like turn my warm and the other direction. I'll guarantee you that. I've seen her waiting for you. And I'm starting to those off. Yeah. I haven't turned him yet. I know. Well, the beginning it was a little more stimulating. But not to keep the women off the show is what I say. People are these frigid women off her show. I have a problem need you help. That leaves all the women in this town out. Yes. I'm circumcised. Yes. I'm married a Brazilian woman who had a son already. Yeah. He's now my son. He's five years old. She's Brazilian. Yeah, I'm after the super. And with the group. Remember that lady from reconcered? Yes. Super. Brazilian. In any case, my son's not circumcised. Why not? I don't know. Some kind of a barbarian. Murluffle, human. Most people in our country are not circumcised. But Borisy born. He was born in Brazil. Oh, he's born in Brazil. How old is he? 84? He's five. Oh, five. No problem. Get it done, man. Well, I want to do it. Don't. Get it done. For you. Don't. He's never been to a football game. Yeah. I trade you. His circumcision. Four. I think your George has got to point. Keep it. Get the honey. We have an open line on the street. Didn't I just get through saying stop sucking around? You're not getting any damn tickets. Stop already? Make out these silly stories. He's going to give me four skin for the tickets. What did I tell you at the beginning? About what? Say you don't have anything. They still call him to a bag. Exactly. If they even suspect that I got something that I'm going to give away, I don't know about mine. Okay. I'm not so sure about it for the AFC channel. He wasn't talking about those. He's talking about Rick Raleigh's. I'm not giving away somebody else's tickets yet. Yet. But I think I had a great idea there, because I, um, I'm going to be like out of touch these next couple of days. This show just might be on tape tomorrow. You never know for sure. I might because George is already under the way of the day. And I feel like something coming on. And I'm just going to be like out of touch. I might even check into a real fancy hotel for the weekend. You know, I'll kind of enjoy the sunshine and whatever else and be out of touch. Rick, you idiot. And I want my pants. What a moron. He really is. See, this is the reason I feel uncomfortable with this whole deal. And I'll first play it. Anybody else would appreciate that. Why should I be put in a position in this delicate position of holding his goods? I think Boca Brian ought to come down and get him. And then he can go and knock on his door and get religion. Here's Palm Beach, hello. Hey, that's me. That's you. Oh, God. Yeah, I thought I'd never make it. You made it. You know what? Yeah. Let's talk about the manager. The guy is a loser. What do you, what does that mean? He's a loser. He just annoys the hell out of me, but I didn't you already call somebody else on a station to make all the same comments just the other day. Well, I don't make comments. So you know what? I caught. I, you know. Didn't you just didn't you just talk to a trash? Get out of here. Call him up and tell him he sucks. Don't be, don't be trashing on old Jimmy Mad Dog Maddots, even though what you say probably is true. Cut the crap man. You checked out. Yeah. See, there's a guy got nothing to say. Just wants to call here and stab somebody behind him. Backstabbing is easy, okay? Rippin somebody and asks after you've already hung up on. Anybody can do that. You stupid turd, you moron, you idiot. Oh, is he gone? It's, uh, it's a lot of fun, though. Really is. You should be honest, and it's really great. By the way, don't forget, peaches, music and videos got our best of Rick and Suds and Phil Henry and Neil Rogers CDs and cassette. All the peaches out. Let's all over date, Broward and Palm Beach, like 1500 sunrise and forlaterdale. That's your original peaches. They prestigious original one there. Not too far from ill Molino. And at 11 South University in Plantation, not too far from ill Molino. And at 6605 South Texas, you highway, 1390 northeast 163rd North Miami Beach, 2408, Okotjoby Boulevard and West Palm Beach, and 1371 Pometopark Road West in Boca. Those are the, uh, those are the places. That's the thing, that's them, then be it, peaches. And we got about 84 grand for sent a one so far. So we've really, last the 10 days or so, we really picked up some momentum. And we got through January 31st, so let's go out there and don't forget, James, the fan, they're pumpin at Chevron. Go out there and, uh, relieve of Missile Bosa, Nebraska, South Stesher, it's pleased, relieve him. Here's the Fort Lauderdale, hello. Yeah, yeah. Mr. Ninon, nice to church that that wasn't bored. He said you weren't bardy was wrong. Let's go to a lady in the North Miami, hello. Hello, New York City. I can take him in, or he's, he's so chronic. What is it? Hello, Neil, my king and queen, how are you? Okay. That's good. Uh, uh, I just wanted to make a comment about that, uh, phone six thing. That's so ridiculous. What happens if a woman is like real, Routund and Stadden, Stinky and Smellie, and she's going to do a strip piece for a husband? There he go. That's disgusting. And that's probably the one. The woman that was calling her probably weighed like 700 pounds. Just got in from one of those, uh, fat clinics off over the appearance on a hurallo show. They squeezed her ass with a shoehorn inside the door, and he's going to do a strip for a husband. Exactly. Like the generic response is, oh, this would be good for the limerical, um, the limerical is mostly overweight. So that's right. That's right. And that thing about the phone sex. I'm going to say it again. Okay. And I don't make judgments, but I have opinions. There's a difference. I mean, if you want to do that fine, but all these people, especially these guys with these 900 numbers, that are having, uh, so-called phone sex with some erotic sounding voice and the other, and it belongs to somebody who weighs three times as much as the woman that we just described. I mean, what is this all, that is beyond desperation. Even a good plastic blow up dollar, something tangible, as opposed to a divorce on the other end of a phone line. Of course. God. Absolutely. Like somebody making love to a breast that's just not to not attach to anything. You know what I'm saying? What is that? That's really ridiculous. It is. Um, I also want to point out that. You know what? She probably go on the few of those 900 lines. She's probably trying to, to jack up some business or something. It's got to be something. Yeah. Also, I want to point out, sir, that I am not a snore. Good. No, I have no desire to start. So, asking you for some mireland pick. It's like that idiot yesterday. Yeah, she wants marlins to get to New York. Me with. Me with me embarrassed. Nausee. The disgusting bitch. I also wanted to ask you, what the heck happened? I mean, I know, if there's anything to do with the people that were using the Bell South community line, what, why did they just say that they want to cut it off Neil? No, they, Bell South mobility, don't want nothing to do with WIDWIDWIDD. We're just too controversial and too outrageous and too whatever we are. And they just, they're too, goody to issues. They don't want nothing to do with us. Oh, really? So they can kiss my fan asses what they can do. They can go to hell. They suck. I'll call you if it has. And that problem I just got over having with them on that cell phone that I talked about, where somebody got a hold of the number made, all those illegal charges. I'm can't, as soon as I get home today, I'm having that phone shut off permanently. And never know, I won't. I will never use Bell South mobility again. They can go to hell. Wow. They can kiss my ass. I don't blame you. Also, Sarah, I'd like to make a, I can't help making a parallel. You know, I keep hearing the way everyone's talking about Sheila. And I can't, I can't help make that parallel between, you know, Mike and Salotso eating at Louies and Salotso's system like, we'll face it. The Don is slipping. Yes, so, yes. So it's like, you know, pretty obvious what's all about that. The Don is slipping. He is big time. On a banana peel, that's why he's on the cart. Well, how about happy New Year? Oh, I want one more thing I want to ask, and you'll remember I called about a year ago and I asked you. Oh, sure. Did you ever watch the Godfather again after I asked you that shot right before, Luca gets to sleep with the fishes and he's in the bar with Tepalia and Salotso and they chop off his finger right before the shot. They don't chop off his finger. He stabs the knife through his hand. I mean, Luca, all right. Luca, they right. They need to have the fingers. Take care, Luca. Yeah. I'm getting all nervous. And that's here. But the thing is, right before the shot meal, they have this shot where they're showing, they're showing inside the bar. and you see this, this like, plastic glass with like two fish in it. And it's like a foreshadowing that, you know, that he will be sleeping with it. Sleeping with a fish is very good point, yeah. Yeah, yeah. And then later on, where they're standing in the, where Don Corleona sitting on a chair, Tom Higgins says, but maybe I could help. And they're gonna make them move to Vegas and figure out Tom. And they're sitting with a bigger aquarium there. That's right. So I think that there are a lot of people sleep with the fishes. I think you got your finger on it. That's right. Have a great new year. Take a bite. I'm gonna leave you go now because I know you are busy. Okay, get out of here. Luca, Lucille, LeBrosi. We have an open line in date, 751, 9463, but may your first daughter be a masculine child. I mean, so how's the Jessica, a Gary doing with a new husband to be J. Highler? Huh? They don't come any Tyler than J. Highler. That's, and those guys, they're lined up behind him. We're all behind him at Channel 7. And he's getting pretty nervous about it too, especially the paper boy. Wow, he's first in line. Don't drop this up, Jay. Oh, sorry. Anyway, it's 130. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, man, you think the only fruit cakes are a Christmas time, huh? 130 at Wildee here. 610 Wild. If your boss won't let you listen at work, file discrimination charges. Last year, more than 19,000 Americans were involved in auto accidents because they were momentarily distracted while picking their noses. It's a medical fact. When your index finger is borrowing into your nostril, past the first knuckle, you can't concentrate, and you sure can't drive. Your auto club recommends that you appoint someone in your carpool as your personal designated nose picker. If you don't belong to a carpool, ask a close friend or relative to give you a hand, or call your local auto club, we'll be happy to appoint one for you. In the meantime, keep your hands and your fingers on the wheel. Damn it. We can't find a right one. Maybe Luke Halfett will help us out, okay? In fact, you know, the rumor has it that the people in Michigan are also upset about the dolphins being the line so they'd let the band flipper from all the cable channels over there. I should ask Dick if that was true or not. You can't put a band sandy in Michigan, man. Sandy is where it's at. How's Luke doing, by the way? Is he going to be on a show next week? Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Yes. I'm not asking for it, too. I'm already going to the game. I'll start. Good. All right. I don't even want to even talk with the kids. I don't have to be defensive. There are no tickets. That's right. I'm a care about them. However, I do want to mention one thing. But I'm going to waste that one. But, but, but, but. Um, but, but, but, but, but. But what about it? What is it? Is it a temperature game, even though it's not a positive, it's not a day. What about it? You just got through seeing you work and ask for any tickets. Oh, and once this week, I was going to go out of here. You sack a crap. I'm serious. I'm not, you know what I just decided. I'm not giving those away. I'm going to wait till Monday if the Patriots are not, in other words, if the Patriots lose, forget about the dolphins. Or while either one, I mean if the dolphins lose their other, there won't be any game here anyway. Other than the Super Bowl and they will sure won't be in that. But, that's the deal. I'm going to wait till Monday and reassess, re-analyze my options here. And, of course, Monday, we won't be here anyway. So, till Tuesday, which really will keep them on a string. I got nothing for you guys. Nothing. If you want to hang up, go by. Great. Have a great life. Jeppy New Year, good lost. I don't like these people. I really don't understand that. He starts out, he preface the call by saying, I'm not going to want any tickets. Okay, fine. Then you got something to say. You call to speak to me. You're like a part of the show. But the championship game. I got your championship game right here. Plus face, pimple head, knuckle brain, needle nuts. God. But have a happy New Year. 136, Wild. Let's press right on. Here's Palm Bay, hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? All right. You like that guy, huh? Hey, geez. Talk about the nerve of an elephant. Ha, ha. It's a very thick guy. Yeah. Hey, Neil, I want to bring something up. A bit. That's place a more air in summers. Okay. Delive. Not that much. My wife's been listening to her for more land-ups. She comes home from work in the car. Yeah. Time to get to him. She's all worked up. Yeah, but she doesn't go and do a put on a strip show for it. Is she? She doesn't like make a candle that dinner and call you on a phone. 2000 miles away and have phone sex. No, she knows how to do it. Yeah, there you go. That's the girl. You know something I think most people know how to do when you come right down to it. Yeah. So it's a natural thing. So it's got really nothing to do with like instruction of education as far as her shows concerted. It's just a titillation if I can say that again. Yeah, get to the end of the mood. Yeah. But anyway, what I want to bring up was we met one Rick Rally stole your briefcase. Yeah, that's why I just played that bit like 20 minutes ago. Boy, that would have pissed me off. Yeah. You know, what if I came down there and I was not worried about this. This is not leading in the Rick Rally's tickets and you want them. Is it if I was to clean out your desk or something? We have an open line on a green line. 1,800, 9,449,463. What? I told you. You told me what? Say you don't have it. So he's got just got through saying that. I don't have, I don't have him. I don't got him. But you are the Lord, Brian. I know. It is written that he who has the ticket. Well, deny them. He has the wife, you know. It's 138. That's biggest ticket, by the way. For you, money, Python, fans, biggest. Oh, that was, you know, who that was, that was biggest ticket's pertinent called a Threat from Detroit. That too, that was. I knew I was somebody from there. Here's a Carl Springs, hello. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. I didn't like these last two assholes on here, huh? Ah, what a shame. Listen, I don't like the Dolphins. I don't want to stop the tickets. Good. I don't know the Dolphins and Blombie. Scrum, there you go. All right, darn Shula. Take a little golf crank and just get lost. Right. Hopefully, so I'll run some more. Head out on a highway, head out on the Palm Metal would be a good place for, maybe on a Shula Expressway. Well, I don't know, but he's probably drives that thing just like an old person. Uh-huh. He'll, he'll. Hey, Neil. Yeah. You know that guy Greg? Yeah. All right, the guy that can't spell a key. The one with no life, yes? Yeah, all right. Well, I'm good friends with him. Yeah. All right. I think if you're giving anything away, does he like try it? Huh? Go ahead. Does he like try to come on to your lot or what? No, no, no, no, no. I hate that way. Not yet. OK, that's what you think. Maybe, maybe to give him who comes on it. Yeah. Definitely. OK. I just want to say, I want to hear that old day Simpson thing. OK, have a great weekend. Happy New Year. I said I wasn't going to play it today. Where are we going next? I love, and they don't listen. You're right. They won't no matter what I say, they wonder the opposite. Let's play the bridge standard. OK, let's not. Let's play the I-95 asshole song. Let's do that old J thing again. Let's hear our mandatory things. Let's, uh, yeah. That's what I say. Feel Henry coming in a little bit early today. He doesn't know it yet. Margaret will be on the first 20 minutes. And maybe Esther will come in for a few minutes, too. Couldn't hurt at this point. Let's go to Davy. Hello. Yeah, I'll take to take a shale. Yeah, but you will. OK, take this and stick a white-emundoed shine. OK, get a life, Ken. Can't out of we'll up with Greg would be a real good match. OK, that right now. Here's Miami on a purple line. Hello. Hey, Neo, how you doing? OK. Happy New Year's Day. Back to it. I feel sorry for you today. I know these days. That's OK. I think it's most amusing is that it's a great day. It's a great education for the least news out there. Yeah. What about your money grabbing free loading slimballs we got in this town? Who give nothing and just take take take take take take take. That's all they do. It's all they know how to do is take it. Me and my friend Brian were working today and we're talking about the same exact thing. The only thing is, you know, we were talking and we were wondering, we got a couple of tickets to the Miami Hurricanes basketball game tomorrow. Oh, that's not now you're talking heavy duty. Now we want something that everybody wants. Yeah, I know it's not much, I was wondering if you might want a couple of tickets. We got a couple extra if you want a real, I mean, yeah. Yeah. I know it's not the hottest ticket in town. No, no, no, no, no. Where they came out? Who are they playing? There's Shiva U. Is that where they're playing? Nobody knows. Nobody knows. Nobody cares. We were wondering if you like to come down and watch it with this. We love that. OK, guys. Thanks anyway. See, I get out of here. I don't know, D. Here's a mobile. What a watermelon, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Good. Happy to hear. What can we give you, sir? What can we wrap up in a big bowl on it and send you? Nothing. I want to have a question. I want a big jar of honey. He's all right, honey. No thanks. Listen, what ever happened to the Dean, you dummy, whatever happened to him. Whatever happened to him, he's pushing up a tonious. He's been dead for years now, man. That about three years ago. I know you see a lot of mileage. He's some new dummy, you know, let's stuff. He'd be dead. He'd be dead. He'd be real dead. The blue hair over America, tour. The blue hair over America, tour. Yeah, we got dead. Why is the daughter or wife or who was that? Who is what? Who said that it nothing to do with him? I thought it was a ranch. You messed up bark to you, dummy. Oh, have a great life, Sally. Where we going next, we're going to Miami on the Stereline. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Good. So glad I just switched over the bell. Yeah, nice move. And then you're probably the one that put us over the edge. Yeah, thanks so much. Hey, I just want to let people know that old James has sit in his car because it be raining down there. Oh, that'd be bad. Yeah, so he's doing it. Is he doing any business down there? A bad if he can get through a act bar inside the service station. Yeah. And he has to come where he's at. You mean, Osmett is giving directions down there? He kind of thought of. Great. And then you can get him. He had a couple of people down when I was there. He's doing it. Anyway, I want to let you know that one of my former students is up there at MSU and the number of people who are not working on the car is running back. Red shirt freshman. All right. And he's doing real well. It's very well. Red shirt freshman. That means he'll be there like what? Eight nine years. That's great. Like the way we do it up there. Red shirt green shirt, purple shirt, no shirt. Doesn't get his act together. He does great. So he may be out there there and it's spring. I don't worry about that. We don't worry about things like grades at MSU. I don't know. Who is the new car? They have a name one yet, huh? The guy from the back, one of our system athletic director from the high school. She went up there and now she works with all the football players as far as keeping their grades up and getting them to play as though I'm. But well, I'm sure they're all staying in Weshaw Hall. That's where all the stupid juxtapes there. I don't know. He should be home. I'm surprised you know, listings. I know all the kids are school. Yeah. Like least they're well, yeah. But nobody taught him how to dial a phone yet. You know MSU were a little slow. That's right. Well, I have a great new year, Palin. Hey, you too, Neil. Okay. I'm confused though, because that restaurant out there. I've had people call me over the years. Say it's closed. It's not there anymore. And then people call it say that's so open. It's on Grand River Avenue. It was a very, very famous like a, like a kind of like a pizza loft with a lot of beer. I mean, it had pizza and spaghetti and just they used to some more bottled beer in the Gables than any other establishment, any other bar anywhere anywhere in America. For years it was like that. And then I remember getting calls. Oh, it's not there anymore. And I found that very hard to believe. That would be like saying that cutting ham drugs on a grand river is not there. I don't believe that either. And then we'd have called say, oh, they're full of crap. It is there. We just got through drinking 85, 12 packs. And I don't know what the answer is. But since we don't have anybody from East Lansing or Michigan State, they can't tell me the answer anyway. Do Spags. Go on Michigan. Oh, sorry. 144 Wild. And speaking of Go Man Go, we got ladies night at Palpato Park tonight. Every Thursday night is ladies night. Ladies and mission is free. You get two for one drink coupons, even a free betting voucher. We got some of castry races every night from the metal lands in New Jersey. And the live on track racing as well, of course. And we also have picks up and pool wagering with a metal lands where you can really win a bundle. Tomorrow it's Friday. That means I'll be doing a handy camping. It also means you can enjoy a 50 cent beer hot dogs and sodas. Saturday, it's the weekly $1,000 cash giveaway. Fact lot of you punks that are down here for the holidays. Now, come out to Palpato Park. Watch how Sean bets. And then bet just the opposite. Follow fat rich to the window and plunge your lungs out. You'll be going home with bushel barrels of money. And don't forget, New Year's Eve. It's another big thing we got at Palpato this year. The annual New Year's Eve party Saturday night. You'll enjoy night a great racing, fine dining in the top of the park. Clubhouse dining room and music and dancing in the founders room. Come watch, wage your plunge. And when you're waiting to the New Year at Palpato Park, Saturday night. Don't forget the new schedule. When I was racing every night except Tuesday and Sunday, post time 730. See you tonight for Ladies Night at Palpato Park. And 95 Orange Bowl is almost here. Got your choke chains ready. The Cains and Corn Huskers. Perkins are big, fast. Noisy and scary. Corn Huskers are guys who shut corn and choke at the game time. Cains and Corn Huskers pre-game started 5-1 Sunday on the voice of the Cains. 16 W-I-O-D. The late-born. 16 W-I-O-D. No one can lick us. But it feels good when they try. And it puts his thumb where they're supposed to be a peanut. You've got a bow down on the seams. Make the nose your hands. Get that thumb going fine. Oh, it's this thing. You're a beautiful light. It is fine all night. It gets you as the smoke goes. This drug is false. Never touch a behind. It's this thing. It's beautiful. And it's fine all night. It goes crazy. When it's past. What? Who? When it's bigger. It's better. Yeah. When it's still my hand. It's touching my chest. Who? When it blew. It ruined my best. It came out of my jeans. And into my life. Oh, how it makes me feel fine. It's like steel. So beautiful. And it's mine. One foot again. It's WI. Do you don't forget phone sex with Aaron Summers. I mean, passion phones with Aaron Summers week from Monday. Jane and word 9. It's going to be just, I don't know. Let's go to plantation. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Thank you. You got me a job. Doing one. Working for double play. Deep down service out there in Boka. Yeah. I was on a job and if you and a guy talking to me. And somehow your name came up. Next thing I know I got the job. Come on. Yeah, we're talking to town. Yeah, I can get out of town. But all right. We're talking for about 20 minutes about yourself. Isn't that great? And usually it usually works the other way. You mentioned my in fact, if you already got a job and you mentioned my name, you wouldn't have one anymore. Yeah, well, it's funny you said that. I used to work for Bells, South mobility. There you go. It's a good thing it's used is. Hey, my old job. A couple years ago I used to sell pornographic tapes. Yeah. This Christmas I can send you a few. There you go. Would you like to come up? I'll send him to a Helen Keller. She'll enjoy him. So, Dylan, I'm sure she will. But I should find one. You might enjoy him better. Send him to Aaron. Hey, Neil. Yeah. What are the odds of going to the orange ball and getting scalp tickets? What are the odds? Pretty good down there in Miami. No problem. Most wedskie. No, no seriousness. I'm telling you, there'll be all over the place. Yeah, but I'm sure if you had an extra couple tickets. You'd be sending them my way. Let's go to Miami. Hello, Neil. I want to find out where that guy's working right now. We can take care of that. Yes. Hello, Neil. Happy New Year. Back to you and all your listeners. Likewise. My whole year worthwhile. Well, isn't that something? It must have been a pretty year. You're great. And take care and I wish you the best. Thank you. Bye bye. Okay, that was very nice. Oh, look who we have here. It's the old Cockhamon lady. That's it. I called you wish you a very healthy one. Cockhamon. Yeah. I'm very healthy and I happen to know you. And likewise, too. Yeah. Okay. Bye bye. Bye bye. Okay. A lot of short ones here. Let's get a few short ones in before the end. We'll get here and on again. She knows a lot about short ones. Here's Miami. Hello. Let's go to Alpolaca. Hello. Neil, how are you? Good. You were saying that if the wing of losers on Sunday that they're the only team that Miami could play at home. I did not say that at all. I said, New England lose it. But you didn't mean by that. If they lose their out. I understand that. But there is there's another team on Miami could host the A. The Browns. That's right. Okay. I really want to go through that whole thing before. And out of here already, this guy's going to give me an education. He's probably also the guy that called Defo this morning to tell him that the Miami and San Diego are going to play for the divisional championship. I don't need no instructions on who's playing with whom. Okay, Pally. God. These people like I said, they wouldn't know Brian's site from Brian from Dave Copay. It would know Bernie Coastar from Jay Highler. Here's the port ain't loosely. Hello. How are you doing? Okay. Listen, I want to tell you that I watch you in Gary Sebel on that I T W thing and you guys are right. We are. We have a great time doing that. By the way, did you watch last Friday when I picked 10 winners and 13 races, by the way, sir? Yes. Well, I wanted to talk about that. I hope the check is in the mail. I haven't had. I haven't had one person called yet who said, thank you so much, Neil, for a brilliant job of handicapping. You picked 10 winners on top, including Gypsy, Shiver with Markov and it paid like almost $18. There's not one. You can't have a ton of it. It is how they take. But boy, if you pick a couple of horses that's think they join out, you'll hear about that real quick. I come fat rich doesn't pick any winners when he's on it. Because he keeps them all from self. Why do you think he cashs on the big kickers from that one? He's got little game plan. He's following there. Listen, you got to want to pick a van and go with Gary Sebel and that you tell like it is with the drivers. Right. He's afraid of offended on me something. Well, no, but none of the handicapper is that because they expect me to do that. See if it comes from them then they get upset. But for me, they expect me to be obnoxious. But it's true. When you go to the track man, people at bed on these guys like Gary McQuaid and Donald Breiner and he's a forget about him and just cross him out. Just let him win their two or three races. We know the other 99% of the time you'll have your money in your pocket. We know what the W and Drew Campbell stands for. The worst. The, oh, he is brutal. He is. He's a humble brother. I don't think so. And by the way, you notice the last week or so, Kevin Wallace hopped on a couple of horses for the first time like that. What a reputation. Time the eight time the cut is who weighs 600 pounds. Kevin drives doors for the first time. They're trying to let Providence win his memorial race to last race of his career because he got retired Wednesday and here comes Kevin flying down the end and wins going away by open Lanks Kevin Kevin can show him all his rear end. And what's with Peter Render? He took good rest of what he's, he's doing okay. Is up there at the middle of the way. Not going to come down here full time. No, he's not going to be here. What do we need him here for? He's a good guy. But let him stay up there and make some bucks. Okay. And he'll keep telling the like it is. Okay. Bye bye. See you. Bye. So what's the deal? We're getting tomorrow off to everybody just left Bob Green left George left or everybody walked out. So now is the deal. Now it's my radio station for the next seven minutes. Cancel due to lack of interest. That's what the audience said. Now what are you bringing me this for? I don't want the entries. What day is this for? Or the entries for Monday? Well, there's that coming around with Tim Mary. Just one last night is coming right back on Monday. That's always a good thing to keep your eye on. Tim Mayer dangerous. Dangerous but don't expect to cash on him ever. There's Kerry Carcos in that Johnny's goal on the rail regime. I've got all these entries for Monday. Well, tonight should be a real big night at Pompa. I'm going to be there with millions of dollars. And what are we going to do about these Rick Riley tickets by the way? Tomorrow's D Day. I'm serious. If I'm not making this up, I don't want to play with anybody's emotions. But I have no other choice. If I don't have an answer from him by 11 o'clock tomorrow morning on the year or or off the year a message from him, I'm giving us tickets away. And I don't care if he, uh, what my pay. I don't care. Here's Oakland Park. Hello. Yeah. Hey. Yeah. Just to call you Martin Omission. Well, nobody's perfect. I know it. I was the first one to tell you about Dick talking about you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And that's great that he's down here now with the daughters and everything that's super. I'm that one of his daughters. I'm that one. I'm that one. I'm at Pompa Hall one night. And nice. They are nice. Anyway, full sex story. Gotta say that they're listening. What is it? Full sex story. Yeah. My actual girlfriend used to do that. Mm-hmm. And they was taller house and then she would get her number and then call them back. Yeah. And she'd be like full of laundry and. Ha ha ha ha ha. Doing something really erotic. Yeah. Folding laundry or making a Swiss cheese and a cheese machine or doing something. Yeah. There was hilarious. Right. You're looking out the refrigerator. Yeah. It was all man. They'd hear a breathe and heavy and she'd be like vacuuming in a back. They think that they shared one of those acu jacks going. These people haven't got a clue man. These people with those phone sex line talk about no life. They didn't listen to money. Okay. Have a happy. Bye. See you. But hey, to each its own and there are people making a Jillian's and dollars doing that. So goes to show you how we press the people in this country are really sad. Really sad when people have to be yank and it talking to some pathetic voice on the other. Or even great voice attached to what disgusting body. Like that one rogue. Turn her loose for a second. They're literally, she's kind of crashing. You know, I'm going to go over the rest of her four playlists and a little. I've played with so many terrific suggestions last night. Yeah. We've got you four play. Michelle, you're a real radio one up four play one. Michelle. Come on, Michelle. Put your up there. Hi. I'm Aaron. I'm a long time listener and a first time caller. That's a very good passion for. Thank you. I just wanted to comment on it. So you had, I don't remember how long ago. I was into the couple with the girl. And actually my boyfriend suggested it. He, you have mentioned water masturbation. Oh, my God. Yeah. And I said, no, he said, hey, just try it. You know, see what you think about it. I said, okay. And my parents had already had. I think she's probably upstream. I tried theirs. And it worked great. I just wanted to ask her everything else. I'm telling you, Michelle. I was the one that supposed to get off on it. I thought it was the caller and not Aaron. I think we'll use your hand. But you can use hand. You can use a toy. Oh, yes. And most women are most easily reaching orgasm through water masturbation. I know. It's great. I mean, I would like, you know, and what was great is it? Yeah, so the next time you're in a shopping center, you see women are kind of squatting over the water now. We have rid of that. Turn that disgusting, perverted stuff off. Three coins in your mountain. Is that what you was singing? Oh, here's Johnny Dark. That is funny. You can't say that's the first song they're playing on the coast of Safnog. Three coins in a fountain with the Ames Brothers. A little format change over there. But he's adaptable. He's easy. I'll play whatever kind of crap they want. Here's Holly. What on the star line? Hello. What the hell was that? Water masturbation. That was the shop power power shower. What? I mean, it's like, man, it's like some. You jacked out. Watch out. It's going to be wet. Yeah. That guy was a butterfly to call it about who's playing with who. I think he's playing with himself. Which one was that? Not the football about San Diego. We got more problems worried about this. We can we're losing some players. Holliers not playing with a play maybe. Yeah. And England is not playing. England, yes. Jeez. And that's after a couple. That's a lot. How easy. Yeah. That's totally. We got a lack of it as it is. Right. I think they know problem with Kansas City. I'm just telling you that like I said, isn't objective. Pundit. I'm telling you right now, Kansas City sucks. They got no defense. Well, hopefully. Teams with no defense shouldn't be in a playoffs in a first place. I heard Neil Smith talking up that defense. Yeah. The hell or can handle his jocks draft. Talk don't get to job done. You know what I'm saying? We'll see this weekend. I don't tell you they can't. If you remember that first Kansas City game, they can't tackle anybody. They cannot tackle anybody. They need crazy glue. They need stick them. Maybe Aaron can get some honey for these guys. They'll honey on the finger. Too much water. Exit there. You go. All right. Neil have a happy new year. And back to you. That's what it is. Too many power showers, baby. You checked out. Yeah. So anyway, Jay Highler is having a shower with, are they having a bridal shower? Or is he just taking a shower with a whole staff over there, Jay Highler? All the news guys. I hear that he just backed into that job as sports directors at true. Oh, God. Don't tell me there's a pipe bomb in my cart outside of there. Come on, Jay. It's just a radio show. Wait, Todd, tell you what Dan Stewart told me. Anyway, let me just pass these little tidbit. Now what was wrong with that? He hasn't noticed for news. He's a news guy. He's a news guy. He happens to have rubbed elbows with some of the people over there at Channel 7. Elbows, I said. You ought to see the calluses. Okay. So anyway, what do we do?