Right. You checked out. You thought radio's fixed in WIOD presents the Neal Rogers Show to talk with Neal Col 751 WIOD from date. 5-2-4 WIOD from Rowling. As of the 3-5 area code, it's toll free. 1-800-944-WIOD. You turn off the Lodica's American Col Star IOD in the charge, and say you're the one customer is called pound IOD at no charge. The opinions expressed by the most guest of all of your not necessarily those of the station are sponsors. Now, Neal Rogers, a new car radio's fixed in WIOD. 1-800-944-WIOD from the 4-2-4 WIOD from date. 1-800-944-WIOD from date. 1-800-944-WIOD from date. 1-800-944-WIOD from date. 1-800-944-WIOD from date. 1-800-944-WIOD from date. 1-800-944-WIOD from date. 1-800-944-WIOD from date. 1-800-944-WIOD from date. 1-800-944-WIOD from date. 1-800-944-WIOD from date. 1-800-944-WIOD from date. 2-800-944-WIOD from date. 2-800-944-Weooling Joe founded this team and ours. 5-800-944-WIOD from date. 2-800-944-B 핑eroch. 3-800-944-WIOD from date. 3-800-1742-367-訊. the one that was in at glossy magazine was this an ocean dry. But magazine was this one. But whatever was in, it's not important. Anyways, the picture of Orlando in his bathing suit eating a burger. He's got the amitners mouth, any burger as well. And somebody is the frame picture that the guy said it said what the American hamburger is done for the Cuban boy. Boy. And there's Orlando. It was kind of like a moderately peeled look on his post. Like what am I doing here? Is this a way to make a living? And somebody is like a pie lipstick right around his puppet. Right around the naval. There's a look like my shade. Here's Miami on the purple line. Hello. And you're like, okay. Yeah, I'm trying to talk about the casino family issue because I'm first calling about. Iscu? Yeah. How could it be an issue when nothing's going on? Well, I'm really surprised that these guys haven't started a real PR flip campaign. Well, I got a wait until the Supreme Court says it can go on a ballot, which is unfortunately this weekend. I'm going to have two months and they're going to have to go out there and be people over the head. I think they're really saying that they don't realize where a booster beets a job. Yeah, I think. Well, now you're talking radicals. So we don't want to get too radical in this area. I mean, you heard the old E3C Mark Delbert say that. Did I always come in and take off? Actually, I was okay. We have an open line in days 751 and one line. The purple line. How come I just had this feeling? I just knew it. But if you let him go long enough, he would say crap and eventually took one right on the air. As sun shines on US travel, Florida still under a cloud in US day to day, a record summer for travel nationwide, hazard pulled Florida out of the tourism and doldrums. And this article by the way was written before the two Italian tourists got nearly killed right outside of Orlando, which happened just in front of a patient. This happened before that. And it talks about how Europeans are staying away in droves and about how the family tourism, the vagus tourism is up 24.6% to June of this year against the same for six months of last year, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So vagus is booming. You can walk this streets. It's safe. It's clean. It's beautiful. It's fun. It's great. We got, oh yeah, we got that. We got illegal aliens. And that's about it. Hallelujah. And Bible Thumpers of course. Repressive. Right wing, Neanderthal from the darkest Stone Age mentality Bible Thumpers man, trying to drag everybody back into the distant past because of their own psychological problems. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood on a day line. And all I hear is, is that up your nose with the rubber hose. We have an open line in date, 751 on the cellular one line at pound by a day. Here's the lady in Carl Springs. Hello. Hi. How you doing? Great. The best. Good. Great. And why did they keep on changing the Sharon Carrister on the rest of the school? I don't know. I would only be in like a honey. I don't know what this story is. But she's still on. She's because I subbed tomorrow's of this morning. And she's still on there. But the bad part for her is that I guess just when that character is getting together with Nick, she's going to be on the out. She's out. And she's going to bring in and you said she was on the other show. She all there? I don't know. Because I'm not familiar with the show. I think it was a one-light to live something like that. Listen, just a question. And it should be, should be on in about 10 days. I think. Oh, really? Yep. Oh. For questions. Yeah. What's the answer in training? I answer. Actually, what the answer is? No, I know. I answer is like an old fish wife. Somebody who doesn't necessarily have to be a bliver mouth, a tattletale. Somebody who spreads this tale stories. Really? Yeah. Yeah, like a gossip. Oh. So a yenta in training is somebody who, like, isn't necessarily old, but when they get old, they'll be living in cemetery village, thinking they know that everybody else is business. Oh, so the person you were talking about that called it on Friday. She was against it in training? Which one is that? Oh, so person who he said, you know, she's not a chronic, but her husband is. She would lie in. You know? Why is that in the face? Smelly bitch. Was that you? We're not mean that. I would never do that. OK. I'm just a nice person. Well, that's great. Well, don't be a yenta. I won't. And have a great day. Good to know. God. What is she talking about? How come this off button is so weak, man? I hit the off button about 75 times before it gets off. We have an open line in the purple line. They're pound I O.D. Just keep pounded away to your hearts to light about seven or eight times. Twelve minutes passed noon at your heartless and cruel and relentless station WILD. The boat boats and marbles at the Coconut Grove Bowden Sports Show Thursday September 8 through Sunday, the 11th at the Coconut Village. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Every time you hear me. A young man was at the corporate chart to be spooker. Oh, Danny Boyne, the Sparks, the Sparks are fly. Oh. From whence the chair to hell you'll shortly fly. Your days are done. And when they finally start to wrap you in, I'll pull the switch. Yeah, proudly we wave by ball. No. Anyway, Tom's six-steered WILD. I was thinking about playing something appropriate for Danny Boyne and I had a different Danny Boyne. They don't have anything for Danny Boyne. So we had to do for Danny Rowling. I guess you could say the only way that Marino could have gotten any hotter yesterday would have been if he was sitting in Danny's lap on the chair. That might be something. Where is my Danny thing? Okay, I did play a once today, but it's certainly worth it. And I wish it was a good one, but it's not. It's not. And Marino, where's the dot? Oh. Anyway, let's do a Boko. How come Palm Beach County is so goddamn active today? What happened? I'll just come back. Boko, hello. Hello, Neil. How you doing? Pretty good. Happy New Year. Hey, listen. Welcome back. I welcome back from Italy. I bet the couple of people when you get off the plane to go, hey, there's Neil Rogers. Yeah, they said, hey, there's got your window. You're a fast-slide. Just go through without your pasta and get out of here. Hey, I have to, um, as the food over there. Unbelievable. Oh, man, to die for. When you get off the plane here, you just don't, you want to get right back on. Especially when you get off and you walk out and about humidity. Oh, my God. It's like, you were just, as soon as you get outside the door of the airport, you were like walking into a wall of, uh, uh, uh, crap. Or liquid, liquid wet. In addition, what? Let me say one more time. I know it's not going to have any impact. But always cracked in away. Painted these little signs with the sun symbol and everything. So tourists don't get lost. From Miami International. I've lived here for almost 20 years. And I still can't figure out how to get home from Miami International Airport. and she'll are poor. I know how to get there, but leaving their man, it starts out with like five different things. If you want to go eight thirty six west, you stay away. And then all of a sudden the narrow is down to like three different directions. And some of the roads they were looking where they, they just disappeared like eight thirty six to the palm metal, it don't exist anymore. I wonder people are getting lost like this. And many of the finally, so I'm not only option of this point is to get out one twelve and go over to ninety five and go up north to the turnpoints. So I get on at the you just like the last time. The road branches in the three different roads. And what is ninety five north, and another one is ninety five north, four, water depth, and another one is something else. And when you get to the divisions there, it doesn't say which one is wedge? Shaker George. Oh my god, this town is so inept that it's frightening. Amazing. Hey, listen, I wanted to, I wanted to say about the casinos. We're talking a little bit about casinos today. And I was up in New Jersey for four weeks and I went down at Lanick City. Yeah. Yeah, I know it's not Vegas, but I'll tell you what, the casinos were jamming. Oh yeah. There was so many jobs that we have been created up there. Yeah. It took me a half an hour to get on a blackjack table in any of the casinos. I'm talking every one. Trump's got three of them up there. Yeah. And it's just amazing. There's a lot of work in the worst type of crime is unorganized crime. I mean, if there's crime going on up there, you would never know it because there's plenty of security. There's plenty of, it would help this town immensely. And I just, eventually, you have to be an imbistool, not to know that. And it's a hell of a commentary. I'd have to do as us in the field. Henry Show is here how many stupid people are out there. And they understand why we're still, we're still living in the dark ages in this state. It's just loaded with stupid people. Right. And eventually the title turned and there'll be enough young people and people that'll be a little more liberal and to give it a chance because it's right around the corner in La Luziana. And who knows, George will be next. And we're going to be one of the only people that doesn't have it. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Well, we'll get rid of that. It's usual. We're always last with the least. That's us. And one other thing I was up in New York and let me tell you, I was listening to Howard for a couple of weeks. I couldn't wait to get back man. I brought tapes of you up there. And all my friends were into you through show. He's ten times better. His show was terminal. Well, they're just a given the operation. Cut his balls off. He just didn't have it anymore. Badly. I mean, it was, it was sad. Well, I had to turn it off quite a few times. Okay, Pally, we're welcome back to a really good, pretty pressing play. And welcome back to you and in closing to my roommate, Cody, C. and Maui. Okay. Bye. See ya. Hoping on on the agreement line, I think everybody is finally come back now. It's about time. All summer long, we've been sitting around here dying over here waiting for you people. Like Ross for O's says, it's you people. You're the problem. I'm telling you, I still think that Wayne has English Ross for over the different haircut. It's the same guy, same crappy attitude, same hostility, same little dictator, same Napoleonic complex. But thank God it was really his brother-in-law. Not Wayne at all to he, right? Right. Just as can't kill to him. Turning after noon at W mild day, you walk on your floors all the time. Or maybe you'll crawl around on your hands and ease on him. When you're practored on your Tyler Wood floor, just grab a broom and sweep it up. There's that what you do well. How about your carpeting? I don't think he can sweep that up with a broom can you? You're on a cheese on it and that's Italian and put on some checkered red and white tablecloths. And that's Italian. Yeah, right. I got you Italian right over here, man. All these places that pretend to be a ten, they wouldn't know Italian food if you stuck it out there as. In fact, some of their food tastes okay, let's go to Margie, hello. Hey Neil. Hi, Dosa. I am one time listener, long time call. I moved away about three years ago. Where did you go? Just out of D.C. in Virginia. Oh my god. Rest in Virginia. And the last thing I did before I left was drop off pace for you at the prisoner. Oh yeah. I know you're near the house pattern. I thought him on the five by channel up there. Yeah, they are running. We have 120 channels. Well, I have like 300 and some because I have a satellite. You are the dishman. Yeah, correct. I just wanted to call him say hi. You are a breath of fresh air. I'm Mr. Thorley. And I'm not a good do so. Well, I'm not asked by Howard but son and Mike and G Gordon and all of them up there. Yeah, pretty late. And all my friends are always telling me they send me tapes of you. Phil, Mark, all the guys I turned on through show over to you are still listening. Bitty Bobo pizza. I turned on here when he became a sponsor at one point. Uh-huh. And I just wanted to say hi and how badly we miss you up north. And I hear everybody here is the same pitch and ammonia. Same craft. I said, is the present? It will never change. The humidity will never change. The altitude will ever change. The age will ever change. The paranoia and the repression will ever change. So we wanted to make you feel at home. I can't believe I almost had a walk pick up a bus that could last a day. There he goes. It is bad action. I was in AC last week picked up $400, $24. Where's the day? Something's happening. Not here? Okay. He got it up. Welcome back and glad to hear you're happy to be here. How do you do it one more day? Yeah, okay. Okay. Bye bye. Uh-huh. We have an open line in the blue line as in blue here. And 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3. And what are the green line which has been extremely active in it? Which is kind of surprising. All the yanters up there in bulk of it got today off today. All the big plastic people in bulk up. For something sticks in here. I think it's me. Do you know how like when you have a cold you smell real bad? No, it's not that cigar. Are you smoking a cigar in here? This is a 24. That's what stinks. I'm sitting here. I'm thinking, God. I mean, I took a good shower. I closed their clean. I'm doing my horse mental with this because I got just a little bit of a you know, cold, a little touch, you know, but uh, and something stinks and I'm thinking it's me, you know? It's not me. It's you. It's coming through the events man. It smells like to cheese. God is at a crap. He's smoking a cigar. I just want to put that on the record. Nice knowing it. For a waterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I like to talk about when I was a comer. Fine. There is no re-soucillac. We're maybe that lady who called me. She said he's going to be there this weekend signing autographs. I'm seeing out there. Huh? Yeah, he and I don't know what. There isn't even any advertising for it. Yeah, I think she's just hallucinating. She probably had a fantasy of dream over the weekend. Yeah, anyways, did you read the National Fire in the late late late? No. Yeah, that piece of guy in there. What piece of guy is in? I'm not a lot of the board. You'll read your own as an inquiry. I think that's a good place for it. Yeah, they are made up of what's stuff around them. Anyways, I just let you know about that. Okay. All right. Let me know when we get here. All right. Okay, see, we'll be sure keep them away from you. Or they're the way around. We have an open line on the blue line. 5, 2, 4, 1 on the green line. One in an are you a crazy people out there that want to go in mob hit me on pawn, grab and me first. You know, don't go running out there and start acting like a fool if he shows up in town this weekend. Start looking right. Get your tongue sharpen up baby. He'll be here. October is 6 and 7. That's for sure. This is no make believe at the James Night Center. It took us at Chicken Master if there's any remaining. And if we ever get that package from all your good connections there, who haven't even sent me the new album, is that embarrassing or what? I feel like left like you know small potatoes. They might have for all we know. Yeah, they might have, but of course there's nobody around here because it's another four day bus mentality here. I'm sure they all have to noon on Friday and there's not a dog in his joint today. And a copy that I'm serious. It's thank God, we got a new program director in here who really made up his mind. He put his nose to his hands to the grindstone. He said, we're going to solve this copy problem, the sales problem. I don't care. What kind of a buck plug Jeff Carke is? We're going to really do it. And boy. That's raw. He has really done it. Not. Man, he has seen it. Not getting better. It's getting worse. I mean, what kind of a piece of crap was that? Hello? I think I have a full on fire. I want them. Okay. I'd like to that said, this said, sent that card in that since you don't listen to the station because there's only white people here. What the hell was that? How did she know she had the wrong number? I just rarely said hello. Oh, because I sounded white. I must have been a tip off. Here's North Miami. Hello. Wayne, but a tip off if you want to the message of men, did you? Dan Marino, dead. Let's go to a Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. There was a Hollywood. I'm on me for there. Wasn't there? And now there's a Hollywood. I'm on again. This is Thursday. We have an open line in date, 751. One on the Green Line, Boca West Palm, Jupiter, and Santa Lake. Worth it. If you're under the age of 100, if you want to express yourself, if you want to speak your piece, baby, if you are open your mouth up, if you've got some to say, then call somebody else. What does that mean? A fact guy in Cooper City. Are you the fact guy? I have the fact guy, Neil. What was fact guy? G-fat guy. The old thing got things that guy that just became fat. What does that mean? Nothing. I'm a friend of and you did a hell of a job where you were literally enjoying your shrimp. Yeah. I didn't have any shrimp scampy, but that's okay. Oh, I had a friend. How did you got any of that? I'm a 4-4-4. Yeah. Years ago I was shrimp in the cross of Europe and I hooked up with my folks in Rome. My dad is a shrimp's dip, beef, or anything. I mean, the guy, you know, you're salivates when he hears the word. It's there. It says, where's a great restaurant? I said, well, there's one that I've been passing by lately. It's been looking good. My friends are recommended to let go there. Your shrimp is a dip. When the waiter comes out with it, my dad almost passes out. I'm looking at him like, what's the problem? It was the full shrimp. They were all lined up like little soldiers staring at him. He had a pass it over to my mother. He couldn't eat it. They were staring out of the river looking. Yeah. He's awake. Now, gas is gone. Sounds like a real pussy to me. Oh, yeah. He is a pussy. Yeah. That's my dad. That's why he's just going. Gas is gone. Youngly, jazz. I'm so mad. I'm not so vah. That's some cognizant. Meaning what? I'm so mad. I'm so happy how it ain't even grow. Oh. And I don't know if I think you understand that. Yeah. And it's not a call for your mcpore, which means a easy fast. Okay. Okay. Would you want to get to the pontiff? All right. Good luck to you, pal. See you. Get out of here. One of jazz's people. Let's speak for itself. We have an open line in days seven, five long jazz is okay. Just the widely misunderstood. Did I say 12 30 stitches? Never give the time to often because it kills a lot of good time. Anyway, a fire answer problem around your house or business call to get the number or the location of the organic customer closest by you. 1,800, 266, 4674 organic clusters in Earth face and sectors ride. It has a low impact on the environment. Just four tables full of organic cluster in the gallon of water. Your fire and problem is gone. They got the guy came and hear about a month ago and he had answered his pants and killed them dead with organic costs. They just walk into it and bought a big lady to figure just eat them up alive. It's registered with the EPA and it's okay to use around your family and pets too. It's effective against termites and beetles and cockroaches. Look what it did to John Lennon and just about any kind of insect you can think of. Give organic clusters try to be able by calling 1,800, 266, 4674, he can order if you call that number or they're giving the location of the dealer closest by you. Organic cluster products include fire and killer household insecticide and plea and tick killer for dogs and cats and crawling insecticide killer. It tells him that it's odorless and it's all right to use around humans and your pets too. So if you're going to all those bugs and especially those nasty disgusting miserable fire ants once and for all by ordering organic costs today by calling 1,800, 266, 4674, dealer inquiries are welcome or visit your local truly known consumer outlet for example, Miami commercial at 6135 Northwest 167th Review and E7 in Miami call 8232847. How many one can we get a pick up with whom but the kids to ride with us too? Harry, they can ride with us. Sure. But only if I stay home with it. John. Look, your day-guargy MC truck dealer knows you can't carry a family of four in a pick-up bill for two. That's why we're offering the brand new old new 1994 Sonoma extended dad pick-up with whom for two plus two and cargo two at a special value monthly payment so low we can't tell you on my radio. What's more, these Sonoma is very equipped with GM value auction packages which makes them an even better buy so far dead in for it's forget-forward instead check with your nearest date-browage MC truck dealer. Of course, they are add new newspapers either way you'll discover just how affordable your monthly payments can be on a new 94 Sonoma pick-up with extended dad and more right now with your date-browage MC truck dealer top-blard is family truck dealer. They think well they kitchen I love are new from your manufacturer can. Yeah, now there's one for them and you and will pistol everyone knows that they won't ask one. This afternoon and two don't miss bill hindering their rewant of him right here. Are you sure? Yeah, I am. That rich said that the originalire, the birds of light, the birds of light, the birds of light, the birds of light, the birds of light, the birds of light, the birds of light, the birds of light, the birds of light, the birds of light, the birds of light, what is it? It's one of the wheelman, the shineman! You oughta go in a business with two steven shoes, try two shines together. First of all, happy new year. And the back to you. Happy Rush, Ashana? Yeah. How about the new year, sir? Well don't just skip over then I listen I have good news for you. Whatever. You know the weekend when a jester coming in that weekend I'm going to be in Vegas seeing Luis Miguel. Uh-huh. Have you heard? I'm my sweetest. Oh hi, hi, hi. And so I will begin back in time to see the jester the dolphins. Really? Yeah. So I'm going to give away my tickets to the jester dolphins game. Am I parking pass? Great. Wait a minute, wait a minute. You were at the gate? Yesterday? Yes? Did you go to the Miami Beach car that's hit the fire of you? There's no cops in front of OEME in Larry. Yeah. Do I talk to my talk to them during the whole game? He's high-fiving and slabbing and also just about not my glasses off one time he got so excited and that I'm smacking it back in the neck. Okay. Why? Next game asked him if I was there because I was talking to him that either I went to the game throughout the entire game. Badread says there was nobody there that day. Look, he even talked about the situation of the birds of wire. Why? He even talked that rich. Fatreads also says by the way that he called my house on Saturday when my mother was there taking care of my dogs when I was still on roof back from Italy and then my mother did a yance of routine on the phone with him and belly aching about the fact that all her was was diet soda in the house and all his diet food and all his other stuff and a chee-a-ya. As if she's got palsy, as if I didn't go out and buy her a nice new car she can go to the wind dixie or the public right up the street and buy all the fatnings stuff which I noticed she did anyway and brought like funcicles and popsicles and the fatning crap and because it says fat free on the box, she thinks she's eating good. Loaded with sugar all time it was pretty good what she left over by the way. And she was hot kind of trying to do this for fat guy. He said he couldn't get her off the phone. Lining and carrying on. So the next time I go away guess if I have to stock the refrigerator with a bunch of fat and crap because she really needs it. There you go. The birds are liar. Yeah. See what I'm here. You weren't there. No I was. I did give my just tickets to fair rich by the way. That'll make you feel better for the dress game. Oh okay. See you out in the next few days. You can answer is I did. I did. I guess I guess I gave my tickets and my parking pass. Okay. So I'll be coming back from Vegas. I will not be here. Which breaks my heart because it looks like it's going to be a great game again. Well I'll probably be there anyway. Were you there yesterday? No I wasn't. Uh huh. See I couldn't. You know you don't why? Because I thought we were going to bet that you're off low. I mean I didn't make a fix this to happen. Oh so in other words you only want to go when you're pretty sure that we're going to win like if we were playing Piper high like if we were playing a girl school like the horror teens. No answer when there's something great five school that's like one step away from Vassar. No. Or the guys have like only one decent and testicle. You do understand that that's what the prerequisites for getting on the Georgia 7 football team. You have must have only one decent and testicle. Like a like a originally like a horse. Seriously. You're you're laughing. I'm telling you that's the you know you just go and check it out next time they come into town. Okay. We'll hang out by the locker room. Well they're all like John Crock. Well I just want to say and we know this fan. If this was the first game of the year I'm going to have a heart attack by the Pentecembre Compton. Yeah. Yeah. So obvious here real fan. You get free tickets and no even show up to I showed up. I wouldn't have even I wouldn't have gone to the point that you just I'll be ascribed describe for me the other people who sit in the row in front of me. You talked about Larry the cop from the beach. You probably know him because he busted you. But no no he was actually you were sitting next to her. He was sitting next to me. He wasn't sitting where he always met on his seats. I don't know I wasn't. But he was just there for who was sitting on the other side of you? Uh some old guy. Yeah. Okay. And and who is next to him? Uh I didn't look that far. I couldn't even leave you. That's okay. Well kind of like really quiet and he didn't thought to anybody. But like a petal and a piece of your inner father. What? The school teacher and her father sit on that side. Okay. Yeah. Well I didn't I didn't see all the way out there. I just thought. What did you know the way out there? That would be the same right next to you. What are you talking about all the way out there? Okay. Right next to you. How was the school teacher's father? Yes. Okay. Well I didn't see the school teacher. Well she said something at the side of him. He's pretty fat. You wouldn't see her. I didn't. And he's not that fat. He's seen their good people. And everybody ride a liking. Right. Congratulations. I'm going to the dozen of us who sat through that Goeian vocation on the eve of Worshur's trauma at the gang yesterday. Congratulations. We got about a dozen people. If you've got the balls not to stand for a religious exercise, which has no place and a god damn football game. Go ahead sir. By the way, did you like the announcer at the stadium there? Who Ron St. John? He's been doing it for like a hundred years. No no no no no. The guy that was doing the balling on the game. On the P.A. That's Ron St. John. Is that the guy who is doing it that other game? I've been through this and was great faded because Ron St. John had a good little abrist. Oh I see that guy. Yeah. He was horrible. That's not to make it a guy. Oh in other words, that was the first often game you've ever been to? No no no. That's your element. We're not even sure if you were there but you so what are you talking about? That's not the Ron St. John. Okay. Well it wasn't the same guy that I mean. Well he will be invited back believe me. Trust me. I hope not. He was here. He was a parade. Well he's just as good here believe me. Well listen, William, that he enjoyed the game. Okay. And I'll be out there a few games and I'll go and yeah yeah yeah we believe you. We believe it. All right. Okay, well okay bye bye. See ya. Now can I ask you a question? What am I watching? I thought I was watching channel 6. Where's the young in the horny? I'm watching a... We'll help you pick the right end 10. It's like a Rikwalee's house. It's like a distorted picture. It's an ad for something. Isn't the US open on? Oh I'm today. Oh no! You know they can take that tennis crap and they can stick those balls right up their ass. They're doing the US open today. No wonder I've been sitting here and I'm like you know trying to pay a little bit of attention to the show more than usual because it's the first day back after the day forget it. But and I'm looking out of the corner of mind. I'm thinking how come I don't see a young in the horny on the day? And now I noticed that it's the damn the US was open. Uh G. Now how long is this going to go on all week or today the finals? It can't be the finals. Is Pete Sanford's at least playing today? Huh? That little monkey? Can we say that? Yeah we can say that. He's white. See it's okay this day. He looks like a monkey but a Howard Cossill said, Alvin Garrett of the Redskins look like a little monkey then. Then they make a big racial thing out of it. Is Howard still alive by the way? How was the good about that on a plane trip back? I was thinking about people who are dead and those who should be and I guess Howard still alive but he's got the shake so bad that he can't stay still long enough for us to see him. Boy, he remember what last few times he did the Kentucky Durby on ABC and the mic would be like, oh geez I mean his wig was flying. Yeah there's the york. There's man hat and boy. There's the world trade set up. There's the Empire State Building and there's the US God damn open. How do you like that? And here's these two douchebags that's that gymman's and that Mary Carillo who's the brother used to play punch or want to just go kid Leo Carillo and this is it and where is that what's your name Sanchez Vicario and Steppy Grape? Oh she gives me a look at the shnows on that bitch that Steppy Grape. That wasn't her that was the German bitch. She still does me a pain in the ass. We're watching women's tennis. Oh my God it's not bad enough we can't even see Pete Sanford so at least looks almost human. We got to watch women's tennis and a bunch of bull likes out there batten the ball back and forth where the hell is boy Jean Queen women either and Martina choke bush those guys up a little bit. Should give them what for. So the show is not on anything is this also gonna be on tomorrow because I saw the young and a horny for tomorrow. Now what do we want you? It is women. Look at all the empty seats look at the empty seats in Acro you can go bowling in the stands in there because they got some pansy women's tournament on there 1248 at your very psychotic station as the only moments to go W. I would be. Hi baby, by these this is a big side of the I bought you the lisses of the Phil head v show about day two five to the six of the afternoon. Phil deals with the W. This is a serious issue of the day. He talks about twin he talks about health care. He talks about the table and the horrible he also grabs my reading. So listen to Phil Henry to the six every week they have to do on the W. I'll be. What are you doing this week? I feel it's because I'm like a wait I don't feel like I'm right I should be know right I'm a fool for me. My soul, my sister, I'm so proud of you. Let me draw a blank story about health care. After all these life nights with these ladies, I'm a neat blue girl, I can guarantee you. It's time for a change. Have a trip with my wing and a fruit at the sun. We've all the poor for daddy would, and we're in fact the daddy got his budget plan to pass. I guess he figured once he got in the opposite, he could read his coups on the middle class. I can't stop the camera, I think we're super that before he's had a fortune. We'll be art and thought, who was sex-way, mad, man, he said he's not my gay-up, a pills, a crack of gold, and me. So right off that, the clock and now, it's not a phone, he thought the bell was a crack of gold, me. 1253, a WID, that was stepping graph with a big size. I should have been able to tell because, well, she's not fed dark. She's playing this black, and if you watched this other woman, and I use that word loosely, this bullbite that she's playing is big black Zena Garrison Jackson shorts. She's got legs like tree trunks. Even the redwoods are like palinant, it comparison compared to her weight, and you see that. And she's got a schnaise, this steppy. See women's sports wouldn't be so bad if they were like real women playing them. Then it might be interesting. I doubt it, but it might be. But when they got all these bullbikes out there, like pretending to be women, it's like watching the damn Olympics again. Like watching all those eastern European women with steroids. Here's Hollywood, hello. Third time, Hollywood on a daydeline, tree strikes you out. Let's go to a pompado, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. First time call it, sir. Okay, sir. Yeah, do you see the, the, the guy is the, just early morning. Do you see one? Do you see the guy? TV guy? I'm the sound center now. Yes, I did. What kind of hair, right? It was heavy. Was it heavy paper, you play? Yeah. Although 75,000 pages of ads in there. Yeah, good. What's the different page of the TV guy? I didn't see it. You're fine. That's why I was so heavy. Yeah, you're fine. Good thinking pal. Yeah, it's going to be a very hot in the, did you say music or what? She's going to be the horses ass? Yeah, man. Yeah. I can believe it. No more. You said people to put it like a horse. What does she have to do with TV music? I don't know. Nothing. Nothing to go. Yeah. She said they proud. That's not to you. She ought to be out there playing tennis right now with the, he may get a dressing Jackson Schwartz so calling. That's good thing. Yeah. There you go. Now we got something. It looks like they're not going to have the strike where we got the train camp is going out with it'll just be a matter of weeks man. We'll be in heaven again. Yeah, it is for some weather in Tennessee. You're in St. Petersburg. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, you know, I was reading the money money for the other day. Yeah. Well, if you can't make it read about it. Yeah. They show the 10th of the places in America. Yeah. Yes. Where Buffalo was. 299. Close. 277. There you go. Good. Just above Miami. Yeah. Okay. Have a great day. Yeah. I welcome back. I'm going to say this. Okay. See you. Open line and draw. Five to four. Yeah. They had a thing about like major markets. I don't remember that this was money. But it was just before I went away. The most desirable places in a rated like 15 different cities. In Miami was number 15. Oh, I had a boy. We're doing it, baby. We have got it for you. But we're still like 200 notches ahead of Buffalo. Guys got a good point. And how about those bills yesterday? Oh, man. They must be sitting shivvy. You know that house. I always talk about two blocks for me where they have the big bills. I mean, we're talking about bills fans to the point of obnoxious. They're obsessed with it. And they must be just a treat point against the jets. The bomber was in a coma during the entire preseason. They were predicting like the disaster for the jets. And right there, in which stadium in Buffalo, in Orchard Park, New York. They get their ass kicked by the jets. I love it. Oh. I bet Jim Kelly's going to be spending all week painting that ball spot. North Miami Beach on a purple line. Hello. Hi, hey, John. Great. You're talking about satellite earlier in your show. Yeah. I was very disappointed with the TVNC yesterday. Yeah. It was like looking to a filter or something like that. Yeah. Yeah, there was only, I think that I don't remember the numbers. But the course Houston game that picture was crystal clear. That was a good one. It was on at maybe six, I think. But most of the other H channels that picture was, it was like either mediocre or like eight. And before they, the bears and bucks game, that picture was awful. Yeah. I very disappointed. Did you get the dolphin game on your thing? No. I don't know because I left, you know, I went to the game. So you're blacked out. Supposedly. Well, I registered my, I registered my thing with a roll of tissue. You registered your thing? Well, the, you have to register your, your, your unit. Yeah. Yeah. But I, I get the dolphin. Interestingly enough. You got it? Well, it came in because I'm. It's just in the name of a realtor somewhere else. Well, somebody before said they tried that and he didn't, didn't work. Yeah, not only is that, but you can pick it up on WX, IA the Atlanta NBC and NBC also. Well, that's it. Really? Yeah, because BZ isn't Boston and they carry the Patriots. Yeah, we want to try it, well, obviously. However, BZ is also losing NBC like very, very soon, I think, in January. Although it's, it will be like the whole regular season. But we won't be the Patriots won't be playing here again, so it's meaningless now. Well, I don't I guess it's worth it, but I was very just one last year when it was everything was on the year on K2 The pictures like you say well, you know, when everything was in a clear when the NFC used to be on mostly on T1 and then you have to fish around for a couple of minutes And all the NFC games like you say would be on K2 on a KU bent and the picture was just outstanding I mean clear as a bill and now they're trying to you know because they tell Mr. All our suckers and they held us up for the money All it's great because it's all our one satellite You can just in sure as even doing these spots you probably saw the man for the and you can zip up and down and watch all And well, it used to be that way anyway They were on two different satellites and you could watch all the games you didn't have to pay for them And the word they in line it was no blackouts Yeah, this is like this is almost the waste of my night dollars I'm sure that there's you can probably come to your own get a lot of the game Just I'm not most of the city city stations Yeah, well, I think I got a for 79 bucks because I got it when I was renewing showtime and movie channel part of a package But even you know it's not the price that bothers me so much But like you said the fact that the picture quality is so many ochre and they put it on a satellite that's old and crappy I mean who wants to pay for that? Absolutely, I would say more because kind of picture we had last year right That was ridiculous. I paid double if it would just get Terry Bradshaw off of there Okay, now good luck to us Yeah, if there's another example of the way they fleece a consumer and it you know comes back to the same thing again Baseball around strike the seasons is good as over forget about it You know football we got D on run around he wants 30 million he wants six to be hockey We're like peanut our pants are they gonna have a season and then now the thing I've told you Oh, he got $50,000 who I let you watch a gamer too Do the crappy picture South Florida's used tall fans entertainment station new soccer videos success WIOD by Ellie Ford not a day Hey, this is before okay Simpson out with an e-spray for the rest of his game just lick up You thought radio six to WIOD presents the Neal Roger show to talk with the O call 75 one WIOD from date 524 WIOD from row and outside the three of five area code It's toll free one 800 nine four four WIOD Those mobility customers can call star I OD of charge and say to the one customers can call pound I OD at no job He approaches president of boys girls for coalition not necessarily those of the station or sponsors Now new Rogers use our radio 60 WIOD For The river the river you check out for which is the inside world of year old The Vanillians across the land There went to visit his wife now, all you thirsty was hanging with Another man But you went home now, for a night-fest team at an affair of gloves and back you went But she was tipping her friend's away to her, and giving more than a 15% Where did you today start a slatzen and die can go to know what? Was that the airport before they fell? In the middle of the town in Oji Kondo It's getting as big, all about hotel, and by the LADA When it flagged Oji, probably go proceed on the river night That's the prison your penalty is that we're conviction That's what's yet when you have to hide I don't hear live, anyway In a ghetto and a brothel, we're at something to his collar We see you as dead, but he was a cell phone No matter if it's so true, it's not my sum of eyes He pity's in, or if I let him get a mark Now it's up to the jury, but he was jury, being there blind Another people there are say, they feel bad for Oji They feel good, they don't care Oh, the HACWHA HACWHA better, too HACWHA may know JISO Black One way to WHA is the CBS release, not only they lose the NFL but Fox They took all the losers over there, Terry Bradshaw and Always other marginal people, but every time there's like a golf Termants of the re-boring going on or tennis, and it's a holiday Instead of seeing the regular programs that you expect to see, you can always depend on CBS To have this swirl on there, 44, 42, 42, for some western on 44, 42, who are these fruit cakes? What is this? What is this man? Oh, this is tour, this is on S2 on a satellite from Puerto Rico You have never seen even a British never saw so many queens in one place Look at that, good guy, how are they, if they got like lead weights and they're shoes How are they keeping on the ground? Look at that one there, he's got gravity himself Okay, let's go to look who we're sitting, hello Let's try a, next time you do your stick, make sure we can understand it Poor Loddenel, hello Yes Yeah Yeah Hey, yeah I was just the gay lifeline, I was at, out of the 45th, ten of those weed sections Anybody who's out there that says that Danny is finished Like Bob Ruben, for example Yeah, when he's a hater, a reindeer headland Yeah, what's the static Anybody that says Bernie Koshar is an ample replacement in Danny's crew Anybody that would write a callable like that have to wonder if they're like need a lobotomy. So, we're very, very excited. Get a search party, see if there's any evidence of intelligence left there. He's finished all right. He's yeah, right. He's a good 76 year old. Right, the greatest, the greatest game in the history of the NFL. Oh, the greatest, the greatest, the one man who recommends, I mean, what's facing, New England played their brains out and blood, so just picked our secondary apparel, like they were going to argue with you. And we just have come and back and come and back and Danny just kept firing these incredible. I mean, just what's down field of fire in the anger, I was just a miraculous thing. Yeah, I was all awesome. Yeah. And I'll tell you, I rocked out into this game. I haven't been to a game since I was 11 years old, but I really can't afford it. Yeah. But I wanted my buddy, he said, he's going to take me to a game and he asked me which game because he didn't pick it. Good choice, man. Yeah, and he told me I said, New England, that's where we're the jets. Yeah. And he took me to this one and we're going to have a barbecue. Right before the game. You don't have that went. Yeah. Yeah. But you notice, I kept saying everybody, I said, I think this is an element because it poured like hell and it stopped just before the game started. And then as we left, we left with about a minute and some left of the game. You know, it was in a bag. And just as we got on the turnpike, it started coming down again. So once the game ended, in some other words, it was like the heavens were looking down on the dolphins. We said in there, and Danny made his comeback and it was a great thing. And you know, and we, I like to win the guy then, Superboy. Yeah, he's alive. And you know, we had a guy, one of them, Orange, Kirk, that's in the stands. Yeah. So it's just a drunk moron. And he's back there and he's got his paint face painted, you know, half green, half orange. Well, that's a little fan, but still, I'm a doll fan, I'm a die hard doll fan. And I, there was a couple of Patriots fans behind me. But they were okay, guys. You know, they were just sitting back watching the game have a good time. They decided to throw a beer on them. No, I had, they just thought, full body builders. They got up there with the effort, they could make all that in. Oh, I'm glad they're beautiful. Beautiful. Well, Danny had a good time, how you made a good choice. Oh, it's great. Okay, he did. Good luck to us. You have a good one. See you. Good luck. Good luck to us. Let us find a pass rush and a secondary and a running game. Oh, man, I said a Terry Kirby. I just, I'm sorry. We have two open lines. You both have a date, county 751, WIOD. It's 12 minutes after one. And take your this. You're sitting at a table overlooking me in for coastal. Just sitting at some a high, man. The place is casual and comfortable. The kind of place you could spend the whole evening and just bask in the atmosphere. You're welcome. I'm free. I will cut in my hair or my spine. Morning hair. I can't crawl on my head now. Open my eyes to the bright. Even my own eyes behind. Looks like my couch is too high. Looks like... I'm leaving this country. My ears are right, try I can meet. And if this place is cold, I just might be even newborn. Morning hair. In your mind when the high. And I may. Back. If I have a baby back, I will hide. Morning hair. It's the kind of place that grows on my head. There's one thing to do in my soul. I do that. With me. So Chris Baker will be in her past e-necloly. The cowboy is just thinking past the picture. Pittsburgh's seal is yesterday. That's not something to be too proud about telling you that. That was a real, smartly windy yesterday and not a good way to start for very swishr. Look out Barry, man. After your ass, baby, they're out to make Jimmy look better than ever. It's all I can tell you. In fact, that probably lay down a couple of games just to make sure he looks bad. I think that's the fixes in. So anyway, if Bill Henry, yeah, but wait a second, is not here the Saturday on a Chris Baker I just, so who's doing your show tonight? Not a tape. Oh, Steve Patterson is doing your show tonight. Thank God we wore to America. Don't forget, Monday night football. I'm sorry. Steve Patterson. God, man, where the keep this applied drugs that they give this kind of weekend. I heard him yesterday was either, I guess, on a way to the game. He was talking about Bill Clinton. Bill White up in jail and he had this dream about how somebody else was in jail with him. And I think it was him. I think he was fantasizing. In fact, I, it's funny I should mention that. He's just before I was watching that tennis crab before I reminded myself to shut it off. And they were showing Andre pardon me for being the grossest human being on a face of the earth agacy practicing on like an empty court there. And I thought, wouldn't that be a fitting punishment for O.J. Stick his ass and the same as so with Andre Agacy for about three years, man. There's four lot of Dale. Hello. Yes sir. Oh, you're not today. I am. I'm smoking a man. He has left his supply. Listen, huh? It's just what you said about Steve Patterson. No. He want to call about that, but I heard him. When you were gone the first week, how does this guy get a shot? What do you think of he knows Chris Chris got in the job here? Yeah, he's pretty bad too. He had Chris a good little thing going on the sun. Yeah. Trust me. Chris and I, you know those right wingers, man, or they talk a good man. I was, Chris and all you were gone is the perfect. If you're going to do it, I do like a little three way of jet boishes. They're understatement. Come on man. There's something with boishes. They're out of no. Get a diet over anyway. Listen, the get out of the promotion. When the lady calls and she's gone. Do you like why do you listen? Because because because. Yeah. Yeah. That's the problem. I love that. You please put Meli Bits on it. That's just. Could you put Meli Bits on after that? Yeah. When she said they just got Meli Bits because she's a smelly Bits. Yeah. That's the way. He says. Think I, yeah, I love her. He says. Marna's. And then it's really an attitude. The point of the way. Doesn't do you just. WBWA. White Bits with an attitude. The promo doesn't give you justice because you don't get the nailer. Yeah. So get it. I don't want to know. Or maybe you do, but not me. Not that smelly. Okay. Okay. We'll work on it. I just want to say breaking. We'll take it under consideration. There's obviously a great Kansas City fan right here. By the way, you know, somebody old guys made a big comeback yesterday. Montana had a big day for Kansas City 300 and the 15 yards. If my memories collected and Danny Boy just Danny Boy was just we love you Danny. We never had any doubts. Well, he had his doubts suit on kid yourself. He was like real tentative and he didn't know whether we could do. But I'm telling you when he convinced himself and everybody else understands and his own NF team was when he took that belly clock in the mudman when it was like 36 and he said, Hey, Kirby couldn't run from here to a brick wall. I'm going to do this myself anyway. And everybody was like gasping like in a mud and with that ankle then he went zooming in belly flopping in there got the first down and picked himself up and it was beautiful. It was a beautiful thing then we love you. And Bernie Coast our man just stay healthy Danny. That's all I can tell you. Bernie, you're a hell of a guy, but rumor has it you suck. And you can't play too well either, baby. Here's the lake worth. Hello. Hey, my eye. Pretty good. Hey, that field guy. He wasn't at the gate. He was never there. He was a guy. He should have cost from you and I looked over there. He was. I guess he probably ran into that guy that they're Larry from the beach and he knows who that guy is. He keeps using him like he was sitting in the row. He doesn't even sit in the same row. Right. Yeah. Your seat's what? Ampty. But the second week the girl was there with her husband. Yeah. And they got to report on that. And I understand it when nice people too. I got to report from the school teacher. Well that's good. Yeah. That's a great tackle. Second base. Nice. After the last month. Yeah. Thank God for second. Okay. Thank God. Yeah. Don't side bitch in about the condition of the field now man. We know come to your house and say, hey, you'll keep your F in opinions to your F in self man. I love it. You better get the F in information. Manage. You're going away. You're seeing. Check that. I beg your pardon. You're going away. You're shibbleball. Yeah. Right. Yeah. That'll be called for us. Probably. Probably. Yeah. Well we act up a snowy business tonight. Really? But they snow good. That was good. Okay. All right. Two ma'am. Yeah. You're a good. You're a good. You're a good. You're a good. You're a good. You're a good. Okay. So he was like a joint. You're a normal contest today in a game as well. We have a. And what's wrong with male cheerleaders? If they put some good ones out there, I think I did see one. I'm not sure. They're so far away. You know. You need to be a little bit closer. That did the Marlon thing. The first game or two before they got embarrassed out of it because it was so. See, that's the thing I love about this whole Wayne business. Is he keeps doing all this silly crappy stuff. And people are like, what are you doing, man? They're like, yeah. There's this. And then he gets embarrassed out of doing. It's like the hokey pokey at the Marlon game. Remember that? And they did that for like one or two games. Everybody said, yeah. Seriously. This is so freaking juvenile. And they quit doing the hokey pokey. And by the way, the best thing. This is why we won the game yesterday. Two reasons. Number one. Never at any time during the game that anybody starts that juvenile way. Okay. Never did anybody do the wave. And number two. And I think there's a direct connection. Guess who we never saw. He was down there because I saw him. Sucking around in the corner. Now that he's been like relegated like the back. Dolphan Denny. He was just pouting. Just kind of like, you know, Pouncing around in the background. They're pouting nobody paid any attention to him. I say, how are you? That's why we won the game. I could be wrong. It's 123 a WIO. The as you know, Charles Alphiaries been supplying hair replacement systems for leading Showbiz people for over 25 years. Why? Because they know that Charlie knows his hair, baby. He knows the inside the outside and what's in between. Now you can pay more for hair systems. I mean, go to the hair club for boys, men, girls, and in between. Whatever the hell I call it. Pay as much as 20, 100 bucks for some hair. Or you can get the best looking and the most natural looking system available anywhere in the world. For just $800 from Charles Alphiaries, Charlie knows the secret of a natural looking system is regular servicing man. That's what life is all about is regular servicing. And that's why service visits in Charles Alphiaries studios are price. It's just 25 bucks, not 60 bucks like a hair club. Just imagine getting service for 25 bucks. And why you're way, Charlie will add a hair to your person system at only 25 bucks an hour. A restore its natural color for only 10 bucks. And even revived the wave and curl to make it look natural. And they're way above that bunch of hair. So pick up the phone and call those things of their free brochure or they're making a appointment for you going and get yourself some great looking hair looking younger and whatever. Call 928-1755. That's 928-1755 in Broward. And it takes outside of Broward toll free. Of course, 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413. Look at the next spot on the love by the way, George. That's Charles Alphiaries at 4390 North Federal Highway between Oakland and Commercial. I can't afford a lot of them. The only thing worth is driving in software traffic. Just driving into an unprepared sense of that. Some company spots in big county including Kendall Gradio. That's not a set of these guy wants. He's been traffic on WIOD replay covering free county. More traffic reports when you need them even on the weekend. Skywatch's 16th traffic. Only on 6th, only on the WIOD. Everybody's got a lot of stuff in there. Alright, somebody want to tell me what happened here. He's just a man that's thought right here. He was just all of Broward, mine also. Like a mediaer sometimes. He's come sailing lands right here when I see Yosel. He's been playing for a hostel. What's up, man? What can the size of this crater? He's just a force of good. Or evil. Only Yosel has played a lot. And the kids come and ran for a dish out of them. And they're over here. Which I find, somebody just get mad. What is it, you? The two guys. This is the goosey and all of you. Mitsubishi Eclipse for 1995. Lower. Winder. With up to 210 horsepower. Performance. It is. Underplay. It's literally a dish. I don't know. But I'm gonna find it. That's easy. Call 1-800. 50 times. M-I-T-S-U. For your nearest Mitsubishi user. The Eclipse for Mitsubishi. The new thinking in automobiles. Some televisions they shouldn't show the goal. The violence. The violence. I'm gonna stand. And the horror. If it bleeds, it bleeds. And they call it means. We don't. At Channel 4 News, we've dedicated ourselves to covering the news that directly affect you. Not just the nightly police report. Channel 4. We're the new. Come first. We've got 100% of the info. Here we go. Wish me luck. This fall on NBC. In his brother, we know he rose less. This is too big for the win. If you want to wait. The second die while we're on him. It's not just look a little closer. I'm sad. Hey, hey. You. My. We. George. I like this. You. You. You. He covers the next great television drama to You are coming this fall to NBC in W TVJ Channel 4. The subscribe for new news. Don't miss Phil Hendry, they everyre want to film very ear not. Actually, Phil, hilarious of you. Dude are you. Really. WordPress continues to be doing a show in personating Chris Baker this afternoon and have a feeling he's going to come the crappard of this audience. we have an open line in date. It's been pretty damn active today. I'll tell you that. That ought to kind of like a marginal start, but then when you follow Rick Riley, what do you expect? A 751 Wild in date, and I'm going to keep ribbon him man. I'm going to keep this big in and big in until he finally does something with that satellite dish. I am so sick and tired of hearing all these excuses and all this crap, you know? Either do it or get off the potman doing like Nancy Reagan would say, just do it. Now why are you doing this to me again? This is the fourth one. Hollywood on a day line. You know there's not going to be anybody there. There's not. Oh. Open line in date. 751 and one on the green line here. Four waterdale. Hello. Oh, me. Oh, yes. Me. Oh. Yeah. That's a game yesterday. Yes. Who clapped the game for the ages? One of the greatest games in the history of professional sports if I dare say that myself. And even listening to him on the radio on that land, me, Ocaro. Oh. Yeah. Really man. It still came through the exciting and again he blasted through didn't have media. That's only because of managed. Yeah, managed in the crowd. It's exactly what? Not because it's him for. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe I'll ask you about it. Rino, slog it in the bar back to pass. He throws down field. Have that open. He's going to put it on. He's going to put it on. He's going to put it on. Oh, guys. Yes. Yeah. Marino. Yes. Is that baby? And he rifles up for the summer. And more England sales. That's what's all. Yeah. That is sweet. You jacked out. Incredible. Yeah. They could make things some of the intensity during the game. Yeah. Yeah. And he only asked about Italy. When you went over there, did you get out of the baroma where you in Rome the whole time? Did I get out of Rome? Yeah. I was a pity. Eventually. Yeah. No, I was in Milan for a couple days and I was in Rome for a few days. Right. How was Roman around? Yeah. Now that was out there. But anyway, anybody who says that Milan is like New York city, you know, let me just say something. Sure. If you ever plan on going somewhere, you know where it sounds like you might be interested in going, just go and find out for yourself. Because if you listen to other people, they tell you such fantastic tales. Anybody who could compare Milan to New York is in a dream world. You know, they got a few tall buildings there. Like maybe five or six, you know, fairly big buildings. And other than that, Milan is about as sterile as the inside of a bandaid box. I mean, Milan is is meaningless. It's nothing. It's just a big financial city. Yeah. I mean, there is nothing. It's clean. The streets are clean. But there is nothing there. And the food is nothing like in the Rome. It's like northern Italian, where they use a lot of butter and a lot of fatty stuff and a lot of rice. And this crap, where how anybody can go to Milan and tell you, oh, it's like, it's just like a big New York with the, what is that? A crazy. Now it's over there. I was over there for two weeks in early August. I took over eight hours of meal tape, but you could go to Rome in Italy and August. Because that was when I got my vacation. But where were you? I was in the Eastern Fadau of Iran for in the Ombria. And where there were people there? Because a lot of places like in Rome and in Milan and the first three and a half weeks of August, the towns are deserted. Everybody goes on vacation and restaurants close up. There's nobody there. But when you get into the real little town, I was driving in a car. And I just drove all over all the little towns. All the places were open to the Royal Run by family. So yeah, the public people just don't take the vacation. Right. They're great. Two just fabulous. We know that. Italy is the greatest place on the face of the year. Oh, and the people, both. And then the people there are so sharp and so beautiful and so friendly. And the thing is the Pope keeps trying to dictate the way they live. And they keep having these votes. And they say, hey, up in your nose with a rubber hole. He said, I'm going to, I don't go with her live. Yeah, exactly. The greatest place on earth. Yeah. You're right. All right. See everyone. I really did. Open line and Howard five, two, four and two lies in date. Now see, I made a mistake. I said things have been smoking today. And I'll go around. And we don't want to get carried away. And trust when I told him, feel 100 wasn't going to be here. Phil Henry is going to be here pretending to be Chris Baker sitting in for Phil Henry. And who's going to be on tonight's Steve Patterson? Boy, he must be sleeping with Steve Nicholets all I can say. Steve Patterson wrote to rock. Here's West Palm Beach on a sterline. Hello. No. Yeah. Second time. All right. How was it, Tony? It was a wonderful. Hi, Zahn. Hey, I think that I got a romp. I got a romp. Phil up there. I think that on the spot. Uh, television this weekend. Yeah. I thought yesterday for the 482nd time. Yeah. I'm not going to say that I didn't stay through the estate for about two minutes. Yeah. I think it was like a friggin blender. No, you were okay. I mean, it's all right. It's not as, how did it make homemade pot. So like string, you know, I did just cut the two something or what do they do? They just squeeze it out. They just squeeze it out and just it down and squeeze it out. Is this all requested? That's Ron's model. When in doubt, squeeze it out. Yes, sir. What do you want? Is this all requested? Monday or just said, what do you want? Yeah. Okay. Um, could you play that? What is it? That's the rest in the room or I sounds like you needed. That's okay. Hi, guys. How are you? My family? Okay. Have a good night. Uh huh. Bonicera Bonicera. Turely for Bonicera man. See, that's one of the problems. It's always better to let them speak first. Okay. Because one journal is like a good day, good afternoon, but it's like if you go in a two o'clock and they have to say, bonus ceremony, like they're like, bonicera head. You know, what is that? Bonicera is like good evening. You don't like it. It's starting to get dark out. It's like late me afternoon. Bonicera. See, let them say it first and they just repeat it. Even though you don't eat what the hell is it mean? Bonicera. Hey, they smile at their happy. That's all. What's the problem for crying out loud? What's the, you know, why are you about 200,000 euro, my friends? What's all the way? Wanna hear? Hi. This is Joe Pesci. And I would like to be serious with you for a moment. The talk to you is about a little note yet devastating disease. It's called Tourette's syndrome. Many people suffering from this affliction aren't even eating aware of it. It can happen at almost any f***ing time. This is one big f***ing problem over here and I'm trying to make you f***ing assholes aware of it. What, what's that f***ing you laughing at over there? Look at that guy over there, you think this is f***ing funny? Wait, take a big f***ing funny over here? What the f***ing is so f***ing funny over here? Did I say something to a new news? Look at this f***ing guy laughing over here. All right. All right. Come on Joe. Come with me. What did you do that Well, you're gonna have some dowry. I'm not fat on this. Have fun. Get your slides. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I got you my head married somebody. 134 WIT away our track pack promotion of course, Pompano Park is chosen till October for the fall meet. And we had a... I'm not pretty good fat rich and I be between the two of us. We came on with the several thousand dollars air last three or four weeks. And my last night of week you go last Friday. Just missed by and those with Prince Pine and one of the other race with Ben Ciel. So we, and in rich head like a win in a second on this last Friday. So we wound up with about 10 grand altogether. Which isn't too bad. I understand the checks are gonna be like 30 or 40 bucks. And it'll be sent out probably in a few days. So not bad. Not bad. We had a good number. We had like almost 400 people involved in the promotion, which was a good deal. And rich now is legendary. Man, this man has made himself... He is a legend, a walking, handy capping, yenta information field legend. Where at the game yesterday, and we're hiding a hangout under the stands before the game when it was pouring like crazy. And a guy comes along... Rich, I'm like chappel, I'm like chappel, I'm like rich. Oh, macadream and the seventh three is half of a bomajimic battle. The horse went off at three or five. He opened up at one to nine. He was the lock of the century. I'm not good rich and handy because he's a good handy capper and gets some marginal useful information. But I mean this guy was like peeing on his leg. The guy rich had a change his pants four times. Macadream, I'm at three sixty. I can give you three or five all day long, pal. Okay? Now you're starting to sound like Fred Seagull. Anyway, you want some hair? I'm sorry. 135 in WIOD. Chad, you entered risk and deserves our... You've been in dark jubbles of Washington, you see? One man fibs his way to the top of the political future. Um, let's say... Bow-eye and gay. Um, over day stuff about him to raise. Really? Walt Disney productions combined sixty years of cartoon history. The two years of political and episode to give you a story we know all too uh. Now there's go to Bay and Memphis. Everybody. All the moments. Bow-eye and gay. With music by Elton John, they're most on-and-dance by Bill Clinton. Bow-eye and gay. Bow-eye and gay. Bow-eye and gay. Bow-eye and gay. Bow-eye and gay. Bow-eye and gay. Bow-eye and gay. Bow-eye and gay. Bow-eye and gay. Bow-eye and gay. Bow-eye and gay. Bow-eye and gay. It's the Zarion Bluff-in Powers starting Bill Clinton. This is where the Gossi-Evire world so who you gonna believe. Be a fan of the world. Coming soon, we'll put out the Gossi-Evire. Will you be a special, you know, be a special, you know. Bow-eye and gay. Yeah, be a fan of the same as O.S. as an Oliver Stone. I am so sick and tired Oliver Stone. Instead of wasting your time and money going to see that stupid movie, go out and buy that book by John Constanimer. I told you about before. Matt is hell. The illustrator of Patty Trieski is just the best. I'm telling you just dynamite. But anyway, they're not going to take the time to read. Don't try to understand. They don't know how to read. The two busy claim that my basketball. Here's a sunrise, hello. Happy Russian Shonaniya. Mm-hmm. Oh, I'm listening. Oh, hey. And a bad phone to boot. Oh, I don't know what it's better. Awful. It's my, what kind of a phone is it? Is it a bit cordless? No, no, it's a, uh, what's in, uh, so much with it. Western Union. Oh, you need help, man. I would wire-wresting you to get enough money to buy a real phone. That piece of its a piece of junk, man. I didn't get sound muted. Yeah. Yeah. No, I shouldn't. I muted. How about some substance. Yeah. How about it? In other stuff, Saturday, What 1900 college football games were canceled did not show the clips from Bellman? And they're awesome. They didn't? No. They had a, a rated, uh, readers cut the rep on the turf. Yeah. 50,000, first. You've never, uh, been doing a book. A book. I'm going to call cut them with a point. I would. Yeah. They'll get to some action. Right, not. Where's the text to call it, lady, then? I just should be called a mod. Just leave her alone. Okay. She'll still get through. I'm a cheesy, I stocking up for Russia Shonaniya. I'm going to go now. Combine her groceries for young kipper. Have a great day, pal. Thank you. And get a new phone. I'm trying to. I'm trying to. Don't think that's a good thing. I'll go in the previous cup. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I'm watching racing from the meadows last night with Roger. Houston, no less. God, is he up? Not sure sir what is anybody know what I'm talking about? No. Oh, man. He could be the most obnoxious human being on a face of the earth. Roger, he, the voice. Well, the voice gave me the double in the voice. The voice gives me a pain in the ass. What the voice gives me. And poor day, pull on May is only one like 475 races at the meadows this year. He's having come up for a lot of rust streak. But you're happy to see all of us, Dave. Love and kiss is baby. You're the best. Won't be long now. We got like a little rest now by four weeks and then pop it'll park up the open with the fall meeting. The real, the guys will be back behind Kevin Wallace and Wally, Hennessey, and Don't let run the real guys back. The real go in. Here's the lady in Miami. Hello. Yes. Hi. Happy new year. I'm home. I'm glad you made the game yesterday. I enjoyed it. I can't begin to tell you how much I would have kicked myself if I would have gotten back to late to go to the game. I'm so glad. And three possible scenarios. One with all his power that Wayne has with the dolphin. Did he have the power to pull the sports announcing of the game from IOD, like to get back maybe at your gym? No, because we have a three year contract. But I, but I will guarantee you with the end of that three years. It'll be long gone. And what if he bought the station from Cox? Oh, I don't know. I pray. From your lips to somebody's ears. Oh, oh. I mean, buy it now. Pay me. I have a five year contract. Starting in November the seventh. Please, I'm begging you. Buy it now. Just write me a check. I'll go to Rome. You'll never see me again. I won't be on here. Talk about job busted. Shotbuster. Just write me a check. Baby, I'll be long gone. Yes. And please, I've a mad crush on my daughter. You know, my chances. You can tell what? He said, check. He's flexible. Okay. Okay. Have a great day. And a good yantar. Say yeah. That's what your manager always says. Good yantar to the ponta. The Pope does smoke dope in a course. Just go back in your house and make a lot of babies because Al Gore is stirring up a lot of trouble. You know, they got some real hoods for you. And I hate to say that. But the guy didn't chat like church. They have got hoods for like I have never seen in my life. Opening up a big mava. What the hell are they? What is a bunch of supposedly sell up a priest know about reproduction and about overpopulation. What the hell are they know about it? Bunchening at your falls? But anyway, why am I getting started? What am I getting more divided away? I have a great day on me for getting tomorrow. I've got an article about circumstance. I was actually a letter to the editor from USA today. A lot of the way. From a Jewish guy, a Jewish therapist of some kind in Boston. You will just freak a Georgia like it because the guy is saying like circumcision is barbbering. It makes and the guy is Jewish. Right. Well wrong. He knows. Yeah, he knows. Maybe that's for that. Maybe that's for he needs a circumcision is that knows. Believe me, just having come back from Italy. If there's anybody who knows that we need more circumcision in this world. I know it. Trust me. You talk about foreskin. Okay. Let's go to a forelaterdale. Hello. Hello. Great. My name is I bought this Sunday ticket. You know, it's the same day ticket. Right. And I use the friends name and address in another state. They have his phone number. Right. My credit card number. No problems at all. You've got the game? Yeah. That's the last two. I only problem. Nobody told you yet is that yesterday they were showing it on a transgender four. The dolphin game. That's where the Indianapolis came. Where's the Indianapolis game? Like 10 minutes over. Oh, I see. So guess what? You don't see the first 10 minutes. Yeah, but you didn't miss anything. Yeah. Yeah. You missed the first 10 minutes. Again. You're missing the same thing for us. We didn't score until I got him to have. Yeah. But we could have. Yeah. That's the whole point. But really, you believe in me. Believe me. Be happy you missed the first 10 minutes. Trust me. Yeah. We were pretty. We were innocent. We were weak. But anyway, the pod Christians in some other guy call him again. Yeah. And you know the first touchdown where Marino threw us to Jackson. Yeah. And then he points over to sidelines. Yeah. Christians in saying he's spanking him for the call. And we find out today in the paper. That's the Reno call. Yeah. Probably 40. Gary Steven saying you asked. Exactly. And probably Marino went over to sidelines and suggested the fleece liquor. And we know that Marino was the one who like gave the eye to to a fire. I mean, in fact, I read about it in the paper this morning about how he was wide open. And he was the one that called it the winning touchdown. Exactly. And so, you know, Gary, I'm going to tell you something seriously. As much as I'm a euphoric about the winning yesterday, as long as Gary Stevens and the Tom Oliver Dottie are the assistant coaches on his team. We're in big trouble, man. I don't care what anybody says. They said, what is the love affair with Oliver Dottie? Well, see, that goes back to Schula again. And I again, I know everybody's very thrilled that we pulled a game out. But it was Danny yesterday. If Danny would have gotten injured, if he wouldn't have been on the days, shoppers day of his life, who would have gotten beat yesterday? So I'm a guy who heard a Schula starting to remind me of Tom Landry, man. He's like, you know, he was a great coach, but you can't keep saying that forever. Soon or later things start passing you by. What do you think the final score would have been? If Coach or had been the starter in the player yesterday. Probably the England 73 and us. Oh, have a nice week. And back to you. But I know I see I'm paying on their parade now because they want to get all it all. Superbowl. Well, I don't, I'm sorry. I don't see no ingredients in here. I see maybe toilet bowl. Not super bowl. Is Danny going to play that every week. I don't think so. Even as great as he is, there ain't nobody in the world who can play like that every week. And if you don't have a, if you don't have a past rush and your secondary can't stop anybody to begin with, I mean, see, that just puts all of more pressure on a secondary when a quarterback's got enough time to write a letter home to grandma and there's no past rush. And so was then a back there like a statue yesterday. Hey, how you doing over there? He was like waving to par sells, looking up in friends in the crowd. Oh, by the way, here's the guy who's so wide open. I don't want to go into it. It's just annoying. Custom fact that Mark James is like, got screwed real bad. And if this team, the things that we don't need Mark James, I mean, I, in fact, finally they put spikes in and the back feel like in the third quarter late in the third quarter. And fact, Richard been screaming, please, try give much chance, put him in again. And the first time they were like at about the new week with 20, you got about a six year hour again on the first carry. I think he carried again for a couple of yards. And the crowd was screaming like the, uh, Messiah had just come. That's how bad our running game is. You can't complain about our running game because we don't have any. So let's not get carried away in the euphoria of a phenomenal game and a brilliant win and a great performance by fire when it comes to any and maybe a couple of other guys got meant or played good to yesterday by the way, after OJ Simpson said, I mean, make up and got hurt. And that's like I said, that's not the first time that the Zoom star did that earlier. And one of the exhibition games you call it, mode Jason's and two. Every time make up these names comes up because of mode Jason's and can I hear that just one more time because they're not believe in me now? Thank you Mr. before OJ Simpson out within each frame. But after this game, well, if you were a sculpted around behind the house trying to hide that glove, you probably spring your knee too, baby. Oh, man, yeah. 148 at W.I.O.D. Rotten, garage door sales and pump and OVG can open doors for you if you need repairs, replacement sections, parts are have a broken spring. You need to call it Rotten, BROTN. If you want to convenience of or use around the planet, then I'll reward more. This riggins, uh, weekday mornings right here. Just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just a bit, just найти I guess that I don't understand. Don't you want to man? I'm the same Lord of the Sun, the way. I got in my hands, he ain't got no duty. What I just cannot turn my dear, I really think you need me. I will must understand. He's a girl in man with a plastic nose, but the plants are round and panty, who's his own little. He's a little idiot. When I'll be in danger, so bad cause he won't ever get to cold. I'm gonna play the duck. Shut up. Follow me, I'm gonna be ready. Here's Johnny Dark. 153 at W.O.D. is the coast still on the air. They like to go off now. We got that big sounds of the 70s. I'm 106. Big, oh, and by the way, I forgot to mention at the last day before I went on vacation. Was I think the first day of their format? I forgot to mention this because I was so dazzled by seeing working taking the game against it. And I decided to say something pretty damn good. If they were stop playing James Taylor, oh man, all I can say. Stop with the James Taylor. I've seen fire, oh man. I've seen puke in the bowl, there's supposed to be that sound. I mean, mounds of it. Tones, gallons. But they're put, huh? They get out of my, I just turned them that one day. They're going to get out of my way. And they're going to get that thing refined man. They're going to kick you guys ass. Big time. I'm just telling him. Here's, I mean, you got that nice guy. You know, you got that 15 year old program director in there that tip off your block. Here's Boker. Hello. Hey, New, what do you call that lady? It's me, Louis, bitch. How big are you? That lady that he called was me, Louis B. You have a beauty. That was cute. Wasn't that? What does he have? He's a fan of some Asian. He's like, Tammy, fantasy. He doesn't even know who we're talking about. And he has fantasies that he's sleeping with. Just get a whole year's self pound if you can find anything. Chris Baker, for, uh, what's his name? Mr. Evans. See how fast they forget? Phil is probably speaking about that last guy said it's Phil's probably up there doing that right now in Minneapolis. That's these long weekends man. I'm telling he's up there just, uh, doing it. Here's Pompano. Hello. I'm sure he thought he was going to get on the air. I have no question about it. Yeah, I was going to call you until he did the same thing the guy did a little earlier about the satellite situation. Yeah. And I guess you already know now. So, well, I had the first, uh, you know, the first guy that called about this morning even though he didn't know how to lie well enough or maybe he gave it a dress like him, West Palm Beach or here, some stupid thing like that. But it just makes sense that if they're doing it by zip code and you give, uh, somebody's out of state zip code, then you're going to get the game. Exactly. Right. Now, I'm not going to tell him that he had, I mean, the game didn't start until after, like, 20 at the 4, but the first Kings went on until after 4 o'clock. Right. Now, let me ask you this question. Because I discussed this with, you know, three or four other people and a, you know, and now maybe it's, I have a pretty good, uh, you know, a general instrument to 20, some 50, the receiver of good system. But the picture on T3 left a lot to be desired. I thought, and especially on a couple of the transponders like the, like T3, A with the a bearish, the buck skin, it's fun. I'm glad you said that because that's all it might have been my, now, now the picture was really marginal. There were a couple of them that were clear like it should be. And I like used to be on T1 and KU, but man, it was some of them that were pretty marginal and eight was really bad. Yeah, the dolphin game was perfect. Yeah. Thank God. I have a problem. That's what I'm going to need to see. But seriously, don't you take when you're pan next to her for that, they should at least put it on a satellite where the picture is clear. Yeah, one of the oldest satellite. Right. It sucks. It now, when you buy that Sunday ticket deal, would it, does that include the Sunday night game in the Monday night game? No. No, of course not. Is that a separate deal? That's a separate deal because that's ABC and the TNT and the SPCA and the SPNR is done. You know, last night I turned on TNT just for the helmet to see if it was there. Yeah. And it had a little upon the screen, the little, uh, blurb there, whatever that says if he buy the Sunday ticket for 135 dollars, he gets a game. Yeah. Or, or, or was it? But that was on TNT. So that's why I couldn't understand it if it was separate deal. Or what? Yeah, but what was it was to give my question is was the game on T3? No. No. I had to turn to TNT. I don't understand. Well, do you subscribe to TNT? No. And it came in? No. Oh. There was no, how it just just tells you how it's deal there. I was saying, why a lot? Yeah. I think I'd get as the fox in the NBC. I think that's, that's it. I could be wrong, but I guess we'll find out tonight with the money night. Not that, you know, not that you need to go there to find it, but it'll be interesting to see if it's there. Yeah. I guess it will. I'm going to check, anyway. I had a feeling that might work by giving you out of state that I tried it anyway. Okay. Excellent. Okay. Scroll one for the small guys. That's right. What about the bars? Come bars get the game? The local game? Are you kidding me? The bars have to pay like through the nose just to carry the out of town games. They have to pay for it. Yeah. But you know that those bars are playing that local game. I don't think so. We'll find out. I'm going to go find out. And they're not going to. Okay. We'll find out for it. See. I don't think so. Because they can like lose their license and their satellite vision, their partridge and a pair of three and their foreskin and everything if they do that. Now see, this is the fifth time. Okay. There is somebody there. Hollywood. Hey. What's up? Hollywood on a day blind. Did you call me for by any chance? No. Okay. I'm calling. All right. I believe it. I'm talking about the dolphin, no name decent. Give it time. No give it time. They're going to get it together. Yeah. Okay. I believe it. I got a question. Same thing is like, I don't know. Why do you say that? It's the same thing as last year. Well, well, they've been having a large break. You know, not that the, not housing is on me. You're going to pay them. I have a good player. Really big. I think it's a good. I think I'm going to pay them. Okay. I believe it. Listen. I got a question for what time is your act? Come on. Chris wants it. I'm a noble. Okay. Listen. I got a question for you. Okay. Everything has been going around. Why aren't you going to for a bit? Yeah. I'm going to, I don't want to announce it. Next week. I'm going to announce it. I'm going to announce it. I'm going to go on back in next week. Have a great day, Sally. Okay. Have a good year on this. Okay. So listen. I think that's enough for me. You know, for one day. I think it's more than enough. So we're going to find out this week. Got a lot of big things coming up. Chris Bakers filling in for Phil. And probably has no idea why any more than I do. We just thought like at the last minute because we're re-entopped stuff around here. We got the casino thing. It's going to be later this week. You can call you out of want to mention casinos stand because they'll write more letters. Stand. I keep throwing your crap in a way fast. Get baby. Stop wasting the stand. Okay. People are starving all over the world. People with 29 says could even can't a chef for our D. Has something stop wasting the postage. But we'll find out if it's going to get on a ballot. We'll find out if the young and a hoi is going to be back on tomorrow. We got a lot of stuff to live for almost. Not a lot of people are going to be back on tomorrow. We got a lot of stuff to live for. We got a lot of stuff to live for. We got a lot of stuff to live for. We got a lot of stuff to live for. We got a lot of stuff to live for. We got a lot of stuff to live for. We got a lot of stuff to live for. We got a lot of stuff to live for. We got a lot of stuff to live for. We got a lot of stuff to live for. We got a lot of stuff to live for. We got a lot of stuff to live for. We got a lot of stuff to live for. We got a lot of stuff to live for.