She said she has one more nose cast than she's leaving. Lisa Campbell, our lovely news lady from WID and also Hot 105, is leaving. She's a wonderful person, a great American. Even if she did bring the picture of her baby with the with the um, um, biblical cord and all the afterbirth on, which I think we could live without. Remember that? Right in the middle of lunch that day. But anyway, we wish you the best of luck in Atlanta. She's great. She's done a might and we're going to miss her badly, but not the afterbirth. Maybe she can send us the pictures. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Hey, how you doing? Okay, bad phone. Wow. Yeah. I'm looking for $50. Can't hear you. I'm coming back. Some other day, some other time, some other phone. Two open lines of day, seven, five. I'm not. Can't let that go on here. It's just not fair to the audience. It's not fair to me, had it blows. And one open line on the green line, 1,800, 9,44. See, I got it with me. You know, if you people wait and they wait and they're like, I'm not for like five seconds. And they're like, really, and maybe you even have something to say all the way down it. And then you just have to blow them off. But I mean, you know, show us not for the colors. It's for the listeners. You want to hear something like something like this. Cross-pring, hello. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, something like that. Yeah, like that. How you doing, sir? The king of South Florida, radio. Yes, speak with it. Congratulations. You're new lineup. Very happy for you. Hope they're keeping you happy. They're keeping everybody real happy. Good. Good. And I love to be the lineup. I think you're going to do real well. And as far as that Michael Jackson thing goes, Dumpen, Hamon, Disney World, this show. Yeah. I like Michael. But not nothing, not nothing to buy anything. Okay. And all the, the, uh, uh, you know, we never meal. Just come down. Take a deep breath. But wife is missing right now. Oh, that's why you're nervous. Uh, probably. I'm going to be judging you on the quick. She's going to be like scoring you're like the Olympics, you know? Yep. That's a good point. A first style of 4.2 for like a composure and a, uh, zero for substance so far. It should give me one of those fraud, rain, 5.2. Right. Exactly. From real lucky. Yeah. If I'm real lucky, but she can't do anything. I stop either. Every time I try and get her on the line with you, she won't do it. Why not? She won't do it. I've called you a couple times and every time I've always told you. She's probably going to grow up here for crying out loud. Yeah. Yeah. She says you already had it. She's got mine. Yeah. Right. Probably right in the palm of her hand. We love you very much. Okay. She isn't listening. She's not sure who it is. Lori, you're a douchebag. See ya. Bye. He was all right. Just a little bit nervous and intimidated by his wife for fear that she might cut him off. Now in the past, up until the last few months, that expression had a different significance. But now when you say a guy's afraid his wife or girlfriend's going to cut him off, it has like a little bit different slant. Here's old's more. Hello. Hello God. Yes. Come on, I'm going to put you on. But I hear you. We have an open line on the blue line. Green line. 1-800. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing Neil? Pretty good, sir. Just a couple things. First of all, that thing in Joe Abyss Stadium now, no smoking. Yeah. Pretty soon. If you're walking down the road, we're just cigarette in your hand. You'll probably be arrested. Oh, absolutely. Straight to Rayford. Oh, that's second of all. The nudity band that they're coming up with in the whole state of Florida. So I get a few hours to take a close off, take a shower. You can also be arrested. Did you hear that thing? They said that if you're sunbathing in your backyard and you're got like a bear ass, that you're also going to be breaking the law. And if you move somebody, I mean definitely go right to Rayford, right to death throw. Cock'mo. Exactly. If you do the real cock'mo, and out the window. That's the point. It's getting in the point. And the public is so stupid because they're worried about his Nancy going to win the gold medal tonight. They just keep taking away more rights and more rights and more rights. And pretty soon, everything is against the goddamn loft. If you pick your nose with the wrong finger, they're going to stick your ass in jail. Oh, it's just a little by little day by day. And another freedom they take away. Right. Right. And the public is too stupid in all of goddamn things. It's just pathetic, pal. It's sad. Well, not at all depressed. Yes. I'd like to request a shameless request. Absolutely. Well, I call you back three. I'm one of them. The other clowns that hang around and swing from buildings put up shutters. And we have a guy named J.R. And I'd like to dedicate the Puff Palace card to him if you could play that. No problem. Oh, for out. And for all the installers out there, you know who you are, Bowerman, Rolly, Cobb, Freelo, Kegman, Bagelman, Boni Bell. You are all a bunch of swinging high pollutants. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, okay. Thank you, obviously. Nice job. Where is it? Isn't it funny how some tastes just take you back? I go in your routine, Major. Remember sitting on your porch and a cool summer evening, popping a zit with your fingers and anything. Well, the great taste is back at the Puff Palace. Yes, delicious. Creamy, soft serve, puss in a cold or a dish with your choice of toppings. Oh, the great taste of your body you'll enjoy. It is a kid like warm earwax, stab chips, and I know Buggerbits, the puss palace. I scream, you scream, we all scream for puss. 1133 at W.I.D. So, anyway, speaking of how stupid the world is and especially in this country where stupidity is a very, very valued commodity in the W.I.R. the more they admire you like so much just alone. And Arnold Schwarzenegger, the more ill-divided you are in the W.I.R. and more like a bozo or like Rosanne for example. It's a good example. The more money you're going to make and the more they admire and love you and fondle you. So last night at the hockey game, usually they had these trivia questions that really really have something to do with hockey. And usually they answer as either Roger Nielsen or Dennis Pipe-Anne, some self-serving thing, you know, for the Panthers. Last night's question was when the Washington caps came into the league in 1975 during their inaugural season, who was the president of the U.S., which has nothing to do with hockey, of course. But they were the visiting team. But anyway, so they put up the four choices. Let's see, was Lyndon Johnson, Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford or Jimmy Carter. And most of the trivia questions are you right because they're pretty simple. Like who was the first goalie to wear a mask in an NHL game? If you don't always y'all clot then you don't absolutely nothing. You're like in the John Moynihan class of hockey, you know nothing about the game. So I mean, this one you figure, okay, let's see, Nixon was impeached in August of 74, letthog office in that month. And of course, the hockey season starts like in October, November. So Gerald Ford was obviously the president back then. And I'm saying, Gerald Ford, and even my friend, Big Al, who knows the right people, but don't always know the right answers, Big Al is saying, I think you're wrong. I think it was first at Lyndon Johnson, who of course didn't run again in 68, which is like only 70 years before that, six years. And then it was Jimmy Carter. But Jimmy Carter got elected in 76, now. But I mean, these are like simple questions like in our lifetime many of us, okay. And it's like, I don't know. I don't know. What time's Nancy on the night? A 30 PM Eastern time. Be there. I mean, it's just, I'm not saying that everybody's got to be a bookworm or a great scholar on history or whatever. But I mean, I'm talking about really dumb people, man. Not you well. But I mean, I was just using that as an example. Al's not the kind of guy you want to call dumb ever. But it's just, it just boggles the mind. What is wrong with people? And it's, how is it possible if you worked at it, could you possibly be so stupid? Yeah, it's most of the people out there. It's like they take a course in professional stupidity and anything that has any significance in the history of the human race. They don't know nothing about it. Nothing. Gerald Ford. Of course, I guess that fits right in because was there anybody ever, uh, dumber in the Congress to Gerald Ford. One of the dumbest people in the history of the human race. And also a member of the Warren Commission. But now we're getting way off the beaten track, getting two serious, getting off out of a whole tangent. We don't want to do that. Thank God. It's 1136 in WIOD in WSUN. Here is Sports Fan. Like to mix in little food and fun and a little ask why you're watching your favorite team kicks up on the ice on the court, whatever it might be. Then Holigan's Pubbanoist Barers are the perfect place to do it. They've got it all over 20 big screen TVs. They got your Panther game tomorrow night, of course, for sure, from sunshine out of Washington. And your favorite basketball games and, uh, all the Olympics too, I'm sure, God. And Holigan's menu's got something for everybody, too, like fresh, chock seafood and clams and prime rib and steak and chicken wings and sandwiches. Even a great late night menu, too. Tonight kick off your weekend with Holigan's big complimentary seafood buffet between five and seven Saturday night is 60s night with great 60s music plus enjoy a 60-ounce T-bone steak with fries and slop for only six bucks. Hey, come on. I never tell them. Yeah. Also, uh, when I work, I will read your stage. There, when you need to play about the band, breast and the mouthpieces of the previous chock. Yeah. With jazz work in the, do you change the mouthpieces every day? Well, we just few make it to studio in eight o'clock. And you should got your talk, so I never to hell these off. You should get your cut. Thanks for the education, you know. Okay. Have a great day, Palette. See you. Have an open line at Broward, 5249463. Yeah, Western omelet. What race is that in? It's in summer. Tonight I'm just going to be watching real real close. Okay. I had your last time Palette 8 to 1. I cast it, ticket. Some people don't believe me. Some people have got the answer on every race, even though they don't necessarily have the horses that I cash, even though I'm losing my ass. I'm just not making any money. But we got some people who are the experts. They're making 1815, 125,000 and 50,000. And they got all the answers to every God damn race. And though you wouldn't have had the bet three, there was a lock. And it went up in the air and it went on the outside and this one, Oh, Jesus, get out of my face already. God, your breath is starting to destroy me. It's 1148 at WIOD, WSUN. 610 WIOD. Oh, NIO. My queen. God. My little thing for FDD. Hi, Bob. Hi, Merlin. You feeling alright? You're covered with running sword. I think I'm going blind too. Sounds like syphilis Merlin. Good being. Somebody just sent me this lovely STD, Pick it up, bouquet. The STD, pick it up, bouquet. That's right, Bob. A selection of feed treat issues each containing a virulent and highly contagious. It's actually transmitted disease. Who would send you something like that? Oh, X-Wife, disgruntled girlfriend, Good be any number of people. You know, I've played pro ball for a number of years and there's a lot of casual sex in the road. Well, it's nice to know that somebody somewhere is thinking about you. Yeah. Spread the joy and the germs with an FDD pick it up bouquet. FDD, it's the next best thing to be in there. Doing it. It's 1152 at WIOD. Two open lines. You're both in Broward now. I wanted how long that would take to start. 5249463. We buried the 9 to 10 hour this morning. If anybody missed it, came in here alive. Did a little 9 to 10 plates of mold ACN stuff. At a pretty interesting, very fast time. No more tapes, no more warmed over hour between 9 and 10. We got the Tampa Transillegi, coming out sometime between 1 and 2 this afternoon. If, of course, in the kindness of their hearts, they find the time and the desire to fax them over, which I doubt. And that's it. Here's Largo. Hello. Largo. Gone. Let's try a Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. You're a fair flow. I was one of those people that got stuck in the sleeping something. Yeah. You go to the airport. You pick up somebody and they tell you it's going to be in the left to see. You're right down 95. You go running into the airport. You try to find a spot. You run into the airport. So, 50 is what you want to find. After you call ahead of time, it's just about time. Yeah. Take a look. So, next time, show up about 3-4 hours late. You'll be okay. Yeah, absolutely. So, I just want to find a hold of it for a while. So, I've got 20 times a kilo here. If you could hold it? Yeah. Yeah, but not too tight. We have two open lines a day, 751 and 2 in Broward, 524. And here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. You know, you're doing it. Okay. Hey. How about the Marpettes? They sucked. I know. You're doing it today. If you get those, we don't get you to work at it. It gives some lessons, huh? They sucked. They played a crappy game. They were in a coma. What can I tell you, man? They looked sucked. They were at the Pery League team down there. Yeah, evidently. Yeah. They were playing for a nice game. I remember going like, she played better than the last night. Yeah. That was disgusting. Were you there? No. How do you know then? I wouldn't be here today. I would not be here today. Yeah, I would not be here. This guy wasn't even there. It wasn't on television. But he knows it was disgusting. You out knocked his puss-filled piece of walking swarm. And what's going on here all of a sudden that we've been smoking since 9 o'clock and 9 o'clock or whatever the hell it was this morning? What is this? They got my soup in here and we're having a little bit too enjoyable of a day. Is that what's bothering yous? Well, if Booker Brian can say it, I guess I can. We have two open lines in date, 751. And all of a sudden, it's just that decided that's the end of us for today. Have a great weekend. Good bye. F5249463. Jazz is going to be on a afternoon from 2 to 6 going for Rick and Sets for the last time. Maybe we could get him in here a couple hours early. Huh? Maybe he can start burning it just a little bit early today. Here's Sarah Soda. Hello. Hey, New York. How you doing? Pretty good sir. Are you tired? No, not at all. Are you tired? Tired of one. Tired of one. What do you want sir? Let's go. I don't sound tired. What do you want? Nothing. Just a crank. Open line on the green line. 1-800-944. Here's Carl Springs on a starline. Hello. Carl? Yes. Let's go to a hell and they'll on the pound line. Hello. Oh my god. Well, more on. Yes sir. One after another. The hit parade. I'll lift the S off. We could have tied last night. We should have tied last night. If we had been playing a team that was playing well last night, it would have been 10 to nothing. The passion was also like sleepwalk in last night. And we're lucky that there was any interest at all. We are better than the cap study. But that's not the point. Whether they think or they don't think, the fact is you haven't been watching the last couple of weeks since they put Sean Feld in charge. They've been playing very, very well. And if they would have played that way last night, we could all lift before the third period started. You're right. You're probably right. That's a calling this team. Things that's gone up the door when you get to the big game. That's not the time to come out going through a sleepwalk. Like we did last night. That was embarrassing. I was really proud of that. I was there. The platform was still. Anyway, a couple of the doors. I think I was talking about stupid sales. Yeah. Richard here gave to the mouse a new meaning, didn't he? Remember stupid, stupid a mouse? Yeah. Oh, you know, I want to quit. I want to know. We have an open line in the pound long pound. Pawned on at the pound I OD. Let's go to get out of here. Mike Palmatera. What is that? Mike Palmatera is on there. Why would you put that on there? You believe that? You used to be a goalie for the Toronto Marine. I didn't believe it. Airbie, put Wacker in America's on the phone right now. Must be getting time to get a grip on life. Two upper lines a day, 75, one one and a braward, five, two four. Mike Palmatera. Here's a mobile and lake worth. Hello. Hello. Yes sir? Good morning. I got a little trivia. I have a question. How does Rachel question? Oh, Jesus. That's the end of this show. Oh. Who is the all the same to the answers? No, we don't want to do trivia. Sir, go find a trivia show. Go call up Mike Spindell at his office. Okay. We don't do trivia. We don't do jokes. We have a little verbal intercourse here. I'm not interested in trivia. Okay man. Get out of my purse. Go away. Look at that. He's pointing the finger. I think you enjoyed. He said he wanted that's Michael on there. He saw what you know. Or something. Here's a logo. Hello. Hey. Yeah. Last week you were saying the Olympic hockey team just can't find any good names. We forgot the one main player on the 18th and 18th and 14th. Yeah. Pat La Fontaine. What about him? Yeah. So there's two. Charlie Oston. Peter. Peter Oston. Peter Oston. Peter Oston. Paul Vell Bray. Where help the name is? What ever the hell is name is? Alex Cole. Covalo. Covalo. The Rangers. Arge Booth. Booth. Who? Cersei Zubo. Zubo. Zubo. Jubo. Are you star players name? Like I said, they all played Neolipics. But anyways, I told you. You'll Olympic hockey sucks man. I know. But anyways, you're saying, I told you two weeks ago that you came with your farm apart and they'd have a rip behind the uh... farm. You know something. We're still eight points ahead of your team. So when you guys catch us, call me back with a big mouth. Okay. As whole. He told me that our team would be falling apart. In the meantime, we're still got 62 points, which is a hell of a lot. But then many, many other teams in league, including several more than you guys got. Okay. So when you guys start getting really close when you're like right on the edge of a major experience, call me back and let me know. And in the meantime, dummy up. Okay. With this with this West Coast mentality. Oh, you guys, this and wait till we kick your ass. Well, I hate to break the news. Dude, we're not playing anymore. This year, we already kicked your ass. Every time we let you have one point, just to make you feel a little bit better. So cut with a big talk. Always the big talk, big talk, big talk, big talk. But when it comes time to show it, to put it out there in the line, to stick right in your nose, they just can't do it. What is he eating in there, by the way? Is that that shrimp stuff that you're eating? Oh, God. Yeah. Get serious, man. You know what they do with that stuff before they put it on the plate? You know what they got in the back room over there and those Oriental restaurants. Have you ever seen? Oh, my God. Well, they're slicing up the cat, lobster. I don't want it slump time. I don't want anybody to gross down. So anyway, now have we got word yet by the way? Did we get a call from John Stewart, our close personal friend over there? Or is he probably also at the seminar is up in West Palm Beach? Because I have on the note here, it says Thomas at the seminar on West Palm. So he won't be able to talk with Neil or Randy until next week. Sign Todd, Lisa, love you and kisses at the seminar on West Palm. The management seminar with all of my, so maybe there's nobody over there, which would be a hell of a good excuse. So the Tampa Transit will be out sometime between one and two, but probably we won't get him. South Florida's news talk and entertainment station, news talk radio, 16 WIOD by Ellie Fortlaterdale. Keep an eye on your kids. We'll tell you why in just a moment, get after noon. I'm Lisa Campbell, news talk radio, 610 WIOD. We're gonna still see some widely separated showers today tonight and tomorrow. For the most part, we're gonna see cooler temperatures coming up for the weekend. We're gonna see cooler temperatures coming up for the weekend. Hi. News talk radio, 610 WIOD presents the Neil Roger show to talk with Neil dial 751 WIOD from day in Broward 524 WIOD outside the 305 area code toll-free 1-800-944-WIOD. And both of mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star, IOD. Now, the Neil Roger show on news talk radio, 610 WIOD. Father O'Cooke. The damn fact that I can't stand it. Father Lane spends his spare time showing photographs of all the boys he's had the pleasure to know. In the contention of the hero mode, he is not alone. Behind the altar is the father with no underwear. The need for the altar is a boy with oil palms. The congregation prays while looking on their automaton. Father Lane is making sins and telling lies. There beneath the churches holy eyes I sin and meanwhile back up other lane he gets a letter from the Cardinal. Of accusations of this one and only sin. His father Lane begins to wear a grin. They are moving him. Father O'Cooke. Father O'Cooke. Father Lane is making sins and telling lies. There beneath the churches holy eyes I sin and meanwhile back up other lane he gets a letter from the Cardinal. With the altar boy who's now down on his knees, waiting kisses on his rosary. A little religious green. Father Lane is making sins and telling lies. There beneath the churches holy eyes. Father Lane. Walk along home. We have a deep dark and Dylan again. Chris will provide proof. Full attack week 12 2 English every Monday means tecnología B61 studied firearms. How old does the heavens go? Peter Chen's號. Symbian James speaking of a loved guy. Melbourne for a while and other fountain below toughest assignments for Deepo. Here's a mobile in coconut creek. Hello. Hey, good afternoon, Neil. Queen is to a sir. That was high winds of that stitch I've heard a long time. Well, I'm happy for you. You could just sit along and humble on to it. You can do a home job to it, right? Uh, hey, I went to a Palpano parkway tonight. Probably the first time this season. You went to where? Palpano? Yeah. What happened there in that six race. We there went the night. Wednesday, I don't know. I was not there. Oh, you just into the six race. The number 10 horse was so favored, sold in something or other. Yeah. And uh, the number one horse was favored all flight into the plane. Number one in Hennessey, because Hennessey usually comes in. Played to one 12 combination, $2 bet to earn $0.00 a return. Great. Nice going pal. So what are complainin about? I'm not complainin. I was having a good time. Everybody else was complaining. Well, it's cool. I'm sure. Yeah. Take a dot that fat rich philosophy of the track as long as you're cashin. Screw everybody. I'm making money. I'm very ago. Screw all those other bastards. I thought I wanted to call about. Well, nice going pal. All right. See, let me $50. All right, by the way, the guy who called yesterday that cheap skate who won the big triple of golf stream and how much are they going to take out and he don't want to they don't take anything out unless it's over five grade according to the expert Mr. Fat, who should know because he's the expert on everything. Everything. And he gives me the song and the dance you know we got three hockey games next week, Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Not that we don't have plenty of people clamoring for those seats by the way. But I said to him to try to be a nice guy after the game, I said, oh, and by the way, if you need an extra seat because big else always kind enough because his wife don't care about the games and quite frankly, Woody, we don't want to see you there anyway. You know, I don't know, I got a client right up there and just happen to be right up there by the track Monday and Wednesday and Friday. Plus the fact, but he doesn't want to admit he's making so much more there than he's ever made before in his life. And he just can't afford not to be going to the track. We can handle that, okay? We'll survive without your fat so. God. Try to do something nice for somebody and they're oh no, no, I can't that's my track night. So I'll be right up there and right up there by oh yeah, by toothless his house, by his pup tent, by his mud hut. We have an open line. It's in Broward 5249463. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, good morning. Hello. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. When is Todd? Yeah. Listen, you were talking about Joe Robby Stadium. Right. A great time last year to the Marlott season, but the couple of things happened about the bitter taste of my mouth. Really? So I'm a one was smoking. Little scope couldn't. Yeah. They had the family session, which I was not sitting in and I wasn't too sure about the rules. I was sitting there smoking a cigarettes. Obviously, some smelly bitch went over. Complain me the guy to stand there to check to make sure you have the right ticket. He comes over and tells me I can't sit there and smoke. I don't know why I got up and went down the stairs and went out, you know, on the area there and smoke my cigarette. But later on, I thought about it. There was no, I didn't know the rules. There was no rules against me smoking there, but because somebody can play and they made me smoke. smelly bitch. They made me get up and move me. Tell me, you know, I thought to sit there and smoke. Yeah. But I was in a section where smoking was a lot. That must be the Faggot Police Man of Ysdick, what in your mouth and the your burning man, your history. They're after you in two shakes of the land. Oh, thanks. I went to a game one night and I had my ticket about two months ahead of time. I had four seats in a row. A whole group of people come. They must have been two hundred people. They all sat down on that section. They're just a guy and his whole family sitting in my seats. I showed him my ticket. I said you're sitting in my seats. He goes, oh no, we got tickets for this section. The group of who has the tickets for this section. So I went over and got the guy to take a ticket. He goes, oh, this is a whole group of people together. So what the hell are you talking about? I think the tickets the guy had had no seat numbers on him. Oh, that's good. And they were trying to convince me to move because I think you're being a little bit unrealistic. Okay. That's a whole group. So why should I think you try to sit in your own seats and I think that's really unrealistic. Well, I told the guy he was four of it. I was sitting in my seats and he said I did make a move. Anoboy. Oh, yeah. Well, really fast is that coming sitting around seats. You're talking about fair. Just like these two guys in the front of us last night who I am positive must have been in a wrong seats the whole night, including the one guy from New York who I just wish would get on their first bus and go back, even though they were pants or fans. This guy, he's doing like a whole running commentary like during the entire first period until somebody finally threatened life and limb. I would do, I go with the buddy of my lunch and while we get to upper deck seats and he likes to go down and both did the lower seats and on around for seats. And I've gone with him once or twice. You're going to sit somebody's seat that they come to get in their seat. Well, that's embarrassing. That's embarrassing. But it's embarrassing. And I'm sorry. And you know, you think you have to move again and whenever I go and do that, I'm allowed to stay in game time to play a musical chair. This is not worth it. I'd rather sit in the upper deck. Are you going to want your team? Most of our fans don't care about whether they see the game or not. They show up about 10 minutes into the first period. Sometimes almost at the end of the first period and they leave 10 minutes before they end of the game. So they don't care. I just did a lot of staying in a hallway in the smoke and have a couple of fretsles and show everybody that they're there. Well, I'll tell you one more thing he's talking about. Yeah, I had my guts ripped out of here and I went to Bingo. I haven't played no read here. Mm-hmm. Went up to the Indian. Yep. The Jackpot. It had to go on the 53rd number I needed. I 27 and my mother was also waiting. She needed I 25. Yeah. $35,000. Yeah. They didn't get it. And my guts. I mean, that risked my guts out. I can't stand it. You're down and need one number. It's like your dog. You need that one dog to win a lot of money. Okay. I see it pop at Oden Night. All right, late. Okay. We have an open line in day 75. One of the guys give me a sob story. You lost. Padialos. 1214 at WIOD and WSUN. Okay, Marlin. Wait till a drug's were off. Man, and you wake up and realize where you are. Here's a moral table. Hello. Hey. Yeah. What up, Neil? I don't, sir. Pretty good. That question for you. Okay. Football, because I've been here in plenty of hockey. Already entirely. Oh, yeah. What other dolphins are the P.P.J. Baby? We took them twice last year. And one thing. Well, what is this? What is this weed crack? That's right. We. Where are you from? From the Gable. Yeah. Mojette, I've been calling you for one now. Yeah. And who doubt cares? It's the end of February. No, that we clouded. Who gives a crap about that now? And you're up to do anything. And your life besides that, Faggot. We have an open line of day, 75. Well, yeah, you're a Faggot. Well, how about you, Pally? Want to give away. Huh? Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Faggot. Open line of day, 7519463. I'm getting pretty tired of it. Then turn on something else that's more in tune with your ass. Okay? Like tune on Art Lengthleter's house party. It's more in line with your mentality. And he's been dead for 10 years. And isn't that, is he? Yeah, he is dead. But not too long. How about Art Lengthleter? Here's a lady in Hollywood, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. You know, you always talk about ladies and that's calling. Well, one of the reasons they don't is that they don't have as much freedom and workplace as men, they can't sit on the phone for long. They can't sit on it too long or it becomes obvious. You've got that right. Yeah. I wanted to tell you, this was a long time ago. I don't call very often. New Year's Day. At the 6th of October, it was on Channel 7. Jim Barry was talking about Little Rogers and his pamper. But what do you know, it or not, you must own the pamper? Yeah. He was talking about a woman. Hi, I knew this for a what Jim Barry knows about the panther. Is there about almost any sport you could stick up his nostrils and have room for Rajas MacKey left over with? Tell you. Okay, one of the things getting back to JRS stadium and they're smoking them. Yeah. They put this smoking bin on after they sold a season ticket. Yeah. I understand that. Okay. Which is a way of like if they already got your money, they're not going to give it back. And then they see all right. And by the way, you're screwed. They are, they sold, if you wanted to get opening, they take it. You have to buy a three day package. Yeah. And there are no refunds. So if you smoke, you will not. Are you out? You're out. Right. Okay, one last request. You always promise, but you never do to bring back some little call to material. Okay. Promise? I got tons of it in my closet and I'm going to dig it out. Promise? Now they run our new deal. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Have a great day. Hope a line at Broward 524, a one on the green line, 1-800-944-49463. When are those tampon number? Oh, here they are. They just came in. Ron and Ron, 27-year. Oh. Neal Rogers, 26-year. Oh, Bob Lasseter, 32-year. Randy Rhodes, 45-year. Oh. Just made them up. Why don't we just make them up and pretend that we know what we're talking about? What is that? It's for me. Yeah, but how about the numbers from Tampa? That's what we want. They're not in yet. I thought he said about one o'clock, which means if we don't have by one 30, we're going to raise some serious hell over there with S.U.N. What is this? Oh, he had a idea with this crappies. People, if you could see, do you see how long this is? If you could see the time that people waste with ripples and funny, and it like pages and paragraphs, and to find something to do, seriously, go out and clean some garbage off the streets. Go get some rinsa when a pale and clean up the sidewalks. Do something constructive, anything. Go get a shovel and clean up some dog crap from the neighborhood. Just anything useful and constructive. God, it's just amazing. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I think it's a lot of good. I love it. I love it. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. How come, how can I never, you know, the guy in the motorcycle in this video? Who are having to be very fond of? How come you never see almost guys like that? Anytime you see it, and by the way, how much, once I think maybe once you're twice in my life, I've seen a brother on a motorcycle. You don't see black people on motorcycles. Why is that? Huh? They're less expensive than cars. It won't give me like poverty. Why is it that black folks for them? I mean, they're like, I've seen a few, but not very many. And you very rarely see anybody who looks human, who looks like really good. Generally, they look kind of like, uh, jazz is crowded. I'm sorry, but seriously, that's generally what they look like. Pretty smarty on the abyx. Here's Miami. Hello. Good afternoon, Mr. Smart. Yes, sir. Maybe they actually look good in the beginning, but just after being out there on the bike's long enough and exposing their bodies to all the elements, they just start eroding away. I think that's what it is they get done. Not by the wind. That must be it. And all the rain pellets and whatnot. Wind damage. Sivir. Yeah. Sorry, today Neil. I'm great. Good, you know, you sat at that. That's just morning in the night at 10 hours. I did. Got a little bit of it. Yeah, the show too. Uh-huh. Real good. Yeah. You should do that every time. Oh, sure. I will say that. Yeah, too. Very funny. Yeah, fly was trying. I wanted to call him. Thank you very much. I received my support to the straighted over. I think it was two weeks and a go. Have an out of chance to call you and thank you. Well, you probably have been busy. Yeah. Well, I've been real busy. Uh-huh. Working. Yeah, working. Yeah. Working. Well, you want to hear it? Yeah. Isn't that nice? Beautiful. Yeah. Well, a beautiful thing. You put up with yours and I put up with mine. Weekend. Well, you're welcome and have a great life, Bill. Thank you. You're the old. See you. Bye. And happy poor, man. We have an open line of day, 751, and one in Broward, 524, goiam. It's 1248 at WIODWSUM. Yeah. So what can we tell you about traffic that you don't already know? We can tell you plenty. And we do it every day. I still view accidents being hit by police officials. He's got one of those on 95 years. The Embarrowed. We haven't. It didn't bother getting a pedestrian. They're poor. I don't know what. Skywatch's 16 traffic. Only on South Florida's New York's talk. And entertainment states are on top. Radio's 16. WIOD.