I'm Ariacode, toll-free, 1-800-944-WIOD. And Belson will build the customers make it a free call by dialects star, IOD. Now, the new Roger show on Utah, radio, 610-WIOD. Oh, boy, it's the one to two hours! Coming next year, the King of Potts, for the treasure home town, touring to benefit the cargo-classy school for labor boys. It's Michael Jackson. The kingdom of the Lady of the Piggy, I've got a very epic time. Michael Jackson, the enemy to the world. Because the fun to many childhooders don't matter if he's back all right. Michael Jackson, Michael performs all of his greatest hits from oldies with the Jackson 5. They're learning the ABCs. I'm Kim Delong, my niece. We're moving to the younger, ABC's out of me. Baby, you and me. That's right. For the time of tunes of the Jackson 5, to the classic solo work, Michael Jackson's benefits to our aims to please. People are surround the sufferer, but you've been niled. Some call me big brother, some are better files. And I know what you to file. I just sit for a while and... Tencent's a cent's a vital checks. Sometimes I'm so depressed that I just sit around so can't wait and for a call from a call you can't. When I'm home and don't send naked by the phone, I... Tencent's a cent's a cent's a cent's a cent's a one of the five lucky boys to receive backstage passes to hang out in Michael Jackson's dressing room like Jackson's benefits. Hey, yeah, oh, Michael. You're Bobby. Is that your real skin color? It's inside with counts. But I know a game that we can play to find out. It's unsuity flight. You know it's time to free willy. I say say, what you want, but you know who I, give a picture of me. Don't know how to read, but that don't always give me. And here are the rousing finale. As Michael sings the song he wrote for the show, one of the world, with the Vienna Boys choir backing him up. I don't like her. Oh, I like male children. I may argue for the future, beyond any, I hope they win men. It's unsuity. I like to open life, but it's true. They make you greatest name, with an answer to the name. And here are the great Michael Jackson classics. Like Billy's jeans, do you know how to do time? And of course, smooth criminal. And here are the Michael Jackson's tour, to benefit the cargo-clancy school. But where were boys? Get your tickets now. Boys under ten admitted free. When a company buying no one. Back. They're white. They're really, really tight. Oh, they're black. They're white. They're really, really tight. Oh, they're black. They're white. Oh, really, really tight. Don't know why this is WWE. Don't forget coming this Sunday, man. This is the big Sunday that we wait for all year long, so we can milk it and bleed it and squeeze it and play with it. It's the big draft party this Sunday. Oh. The ninth ending will WWE D-Drap party live from to Robbie. Stedemic goes on from two to eight. We'll be broadcasting from three to eight. On the 200 level. Gates open a two at two. And the party is free to the public. How do you like that? Dolphin Select a seed day on the same day, by the way. The first 1500 people get a six ten W-Y-D sports fan bag filled with all kinds of hazerye. Prizes and valuable certificates and stuff that we are cleaned out from the closet. Okay. So, come on out. I'll be there. Everybody's going to be there. George, going to be there Sunday. Come on. Huh? He said, unlike. Good. Huh? Probably. Maybe Victor will be there with you. Twenty dollars. But I doubt it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello on a Broward line. Hey, I tried to call Friday, but it was so busy. It was like impossible. We get through. Boy, I wish I had that feeling today. I want to see you back. It's a two-bed for Monday. Not too great. Okay. It's been all right. I've got a morning game. It's been about 15 to a year. Yeah, isn't that something when the best game of the year is one at your loss? That's a pretty sad comment. Yeah. The best part of it was when that guy dumped the needle. Right on his ass. I loved it. That was the highlight for me too. He just, he went, you know, in fact it was kind of like a half-hearted thing. You know, the ball was, you know, he ducked out of the way. It hit the bat. Didn't even hit him. And then he got off. And he kind of looked at the umpire. Like, well, I think I played enough today. Let me get out of here. Yeah. And he went to the, yeah, went sipping out there. And the guy just picked him up and threw him down like a matchstick. It was beautiful. Here's why I call it. Why did you call? On Friday, you made an analogy saying that Wayne High's single would came to everybody's door and $10 million and came back and took it back. I would like to make an amendment to that. He came to everybody's door and then it gave them $10 million and came back and said, well, we made him a statement back to million and keep $8 million. Yeah. And that's not a perfect world. But we got tomorrow and it's in the past. There's something to help. Exactly. Everybody getting their nose out of joint for about Wayne. I would say something else. Choo. Colorado, there are 10 businesses down too. How much? How much did wrong? $75,000. I do. Hopefully whether they dropped as much as the mile and. Yeah. But everybody's down a little. Right. Everybody's got to go down a little bit. We might get $2 million. $2 million would be. What's wrong with that? And so the good part of it is if you lost money last year, you'd run $3 million. He loses as doing $2 million this year. So everybody should be happy about that. So what are they pitching about? What did he come out and say they lost money last year? Absolutely. They did say that. Yes, they did. And they do $3 million people. I can tell you how we could save a million. Half real fast. I can tell you how it could say $3.8 million. Speaking of throwing down like a match stick. Yeah. Well, you had them together. That's five and a half million bucks. Get it out of 10. Right. You're talking about those two. Think about that pair. Okay. Take care. Okay. See you. Boy, that was quick. Okay. We have an open line in day and 751. In fact, maybe John Crook could come over and play for a space. Okay. Maybe what we not, what we don't need is more testies. Maybe what we need is a guy who can hit the ball. Huh? That's something to think about. No more testies at first space. We just traded for John Crook. All of our lines are wide open and I'm getting really pissed off about it. At 5249463, are we going a little bit too fast? 524WI. Oh, D. Okay. You got it? 12 after one at WIOD, WSUN. Here's this story again. This bubble, my see. Superstar Janet Jackson's $40,000. Black Range Rover was returned to where less than two hours after she reported the theft from her malibul mansion. Why? I'm not going to go through this long story about the LAPD and how they beat the crap out of the car. The reason she got it back is because she had a low jack tracking device buried in her bowels of her car. That's right. And low jack, the best auto security system available is that one of a kind of stole and vehicle recovery device that everybody needs. If you really want to have a chance to get your car back after it's stolen fast in one piece while it's still worth getting back. And right now, when you buy your low jack recovery unit for that one time cost to 595 bucks, you also get a free. Let me say it again. Absolutely positively free remote activated car alarm along with your low jack unit. So how to how can you beat that? No added monthly fees, no hidden charges, no installation cost. Absolutely free with a one time charge, your 595 bucks for your low jack. So check it out with your software to new car dealer or call a lane for all the straight information. Toll free, no obligation, 1.853 low jack. That's 1.800, 535, 65, 22. Now the big news every weekday morning is reconcuts right here. Please, good evening. What is a buffalo bill? Main train with each other, naked in the street. This is for that guy who called for tapping. He lives on queer streets, lickers, rounds on queer streets. He has a house and garden. I would love to see what happens. Haches, toes and pets, his monkey. Women's paws, naked look, real monkey. He has always with and knows what to do. He wants me and me. Don't you? He lives on queer streets. Here at four, we're all creatures speaking. I wonder what their duty is there. He says he like to jump on. All they need is to do the duties like I know. Come on, come on, come on, come on. La, la, la, la, la. He lives on queer streets. Linger the round on queer streets. He has a house and a house. Okay, so a bulk of Branslusting. George has it's okay. The next time we play that, we play that one little musical bridge. And we just forget the rest of it. It's 117 at W.Y.O.D. And here's Yankee Town again. Hello. Hey, deal. Yes. I'll just not talk to you last week. I know. Okay. I was just wondering if you brought that paper in. What paper is that? You said you were going to do that. That's right. I was going to bring you the odds for who was it green bay? Green bay? No, I did not, but I'll do it tomorrow. For God. See, don't ever ask me to do something on a Friday, like over the whole long weekend, because my memory won't hold it that long. That's why I called you today. I don't want to be crying for anything. But I thought you didn't do that. But I did think of it because it's sitting right on my living and my kitchen table. I figured I'd refresh you a little bit. So I'll bring that sheet into tomorrow. I got a call with all the other sheets. Yeah. I turned on the radio. And you got to go and go and go and read. Yeah. I think you played with Saturday sometimes. He plays it on Saturday. He was doing something with the Marlin baseball. Are you aware of what happened Saturday? No, I'm not. No. It was bad. I mean. Yeah. I mean, he was calling the game. But I don't think the game was going. It was against the giant. Yeah. Play a giant game Saturday. Uh-huh. So he did the game. You're asking me? Well, he's the one that calls the game. Not for really wasn't no. Oh, I was so excited. Maybe he was just fun and you know. Maybe he was just like make believe. Like Phil generally tends to be like make believe. Well, see now that's what I thought. But I went on for about a good hour. Well, sure. Kills him good time. Oh, obviously. There you go. I turned it off. I was like. And there was like any. He's playing. Oh, no. He's going back. Back. Back. Well, well, he's out. I'll tell you what thing Bob Green is in Channin with Phil Henry. He has a love affair. And I think Phil's got some old pictures too. So. Well, I mean, we love Phil Henry. It was a different kind of show. Yeah. It's different. It was a baseball game. He's. Yeah. But considering it wasn't a baseball game, he's not so bad. Right. There you go. Okay. Okay. I'll bring that in for you tomorrow, pal. If you wouldn't please me calling him. Yes. Hey, Phil. Okay. See you. See you. Two open lines in Brower. That call was from Yankee Towns. So that hardly qualifies as a Brower call. 5249463. Maybe they're all at Harrison's market in sunrise. Is that possible? Maybe they're getting ready to help Cheryl co-share her house. Let's go to the keys on a Sterling. Hello. Phil, buddy. Yes, sir. When is toiam, man? Bonaceta. Yeah. Not too early, still. It was a hell of a Marla's Game yesterday. I was watching it on Canado, faint day today. Yeah. Down here and listening to it on the radio. Was that so angry that was calling it on the radio? Yeah. Yeah. He's doing his impersonation to Jo Angel. Later while I was reading the latest issue of South Florida Magazine and their article on Wayne's Big Land grab. So you know it's got to be true because it was in South Florida. Yeah. I was thinking he wants to change the name of the stadium. Now I don't want any budget to take this idea away from me now. You know how they changed the the name of Cape Canado to keep Kennedy and everybody got all upset. Yeah. And so they called it the Kennedy Space Center at Cape Canado. Right. I have the idea that you could maybe call it the Blockbuster Football Arena at Jo Robbie Stadium. There you go. I want anybody to take that. Two series. I wanted to be strictly mine and Wayne's got to pay me money for this. Okay. We'll send a little sack for a little later on. Okay, Sally. That sounds great. Okay. But I want you to know that I do go to the gym but I don't hang out. Okay. I had the same cable accident to Pani had the other day except I had it during a Rick and such show. And it got me so excited. I stuck my snooze bar together with the radio block radio thing. See ya. Thanks. Don't kid me about these guys who hang out at the gym. Okay. Don't try to give me a song at a dance. But you guys running around real sweaty almost naked. Chowering together. I bet you made a change out of the gym a lot. You know, probably. Let's do a mobile in Boko. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I wanted to call it about 100 drug tests on Saturday. It was absolutely brilliant. There you go. He was so fat. He called about seven innings of an imaginary game. Wow. He had to join. You'll find it into the game was brought out of the broadcast booth and a straight jacket because he was getting too crazy. Yeah. He had with his things. And the ball's going back. Back. Back. He's going to be. He's at the warning track. He's at the wall. I'm not afraid. He didn't swing at the ball. It was a ball. There's a midgets in the front row with a hot dog. A much certain. The light was shining off. So it was really great, huh? Okay. Thanks Bob. Bob Green calling in ladies and gentlemen. We have an open line in Brown. Bob Green thinks that Phil Henry is the greatest thing since sliced Halleva. He just obsessed with that man. So who the hell am I to argue? Because he gives me a lot of free baseball tickets. It's 122 at WIOD and WSUN. Look like a pineapple thinking out. So now that you just pay a little bit of a convenient that is in writing the swell up and down. I mean, just way in there. The comitory. Yeah. What color was he at this time? Kind of a dark brown. Okay. Yeah. The squeeze is a little cummuck and grab this little cannon. And blue right in there. Is that right? Rick and Suts. We day mornings on 610 WIOD. It's afternoon at 2. It's the goddess Randy Rhodes right here. You're the great music team. Great. You're the great music team. This is Lakeboro. If you see narrator with the hockey news, they don't come any better than Neil Rogers. The music team is the great music team. Buses are in Miami. Walkin' down stairs. It didn't see Hanks lag. Sticking out. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Bobby grab the handrail. But Gary greased it good. He won't be silent and anybody out. Hey, stupid. Oh, feeling pain is tip of going. Working in this place. Nothing. Yeah, it was nothing less you're working for free. Oh, bus, you're as robust. You're arm, it's all the same to me. Bus, didn't it? It's good enough for me. It's good enough for me. It's good enough for me and Bobby greased. Very timely is usual because Bob Green and Wayne who's in the league both made their money. Most of their money in pretty much the same thing. Which was George? Wait, management? Right. Okay, let's go to Clearwater. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I think it's been a while. We can kind of visit you on our work. But if you think it's talk about the previous week happening. Right. What's I here? I wasn't here. Right. I mean, the last week, not exactly. Yeah. Whatever you say, I'm agreeable to. Oh, I'm good. Oh, I'm not an orce. I was, I'm not a tool manager. You're the virtual Avenger. Yeah. And this is a Velcro Avenger on Jeremy. Yeah. And this was the Saudi filing cocoa bean suicide. Uh-huh. And down I four, I could not. The next morning, there was already graffiti. I'm the way down. I was heading west. But he's driving outside. And there was a kind of graffiti the whole way. So that's pretty much the happening is around here with our people who've been in so much. Yeah. And also, I got another thing. I'm a big lightning fan. I like to congratulate the dancers. They want to get in that photo for season. Right. And I think they're doing a great job. And it's kind of ironic that the arrows people right and then you guys, you guys, you guys people. Wow. So that's pretty much. Doesn't seem fair, but. But life isn't fair. That's what Jimmy Carter said. Look what happened to him. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'd like to thank you to fans for keeping me up there. I'm sure you will. Next weekend for the next two months. And I will play. I want to. We'll have highlights that you haven't even been in vending. Yeah. And not even with Phil Henry. I like the real thing. Oh, the real thing. Hey. Hey. Real quick. Yeah. The transmission. Then the price. Big douche bag in. On the hand. Trevor up. You're being a senior. See ya. So, you can't imagine there's people weren't listening at the beginning today. Wilson the horned for. Five on three on the ruins trail to the one. Fuckers cleared out. Good play by Wilson. Better break. But back to it. Wesley. Wesley. Wesley winding up. All right. He's got to speed that for. And he moved. And. He's got to. He's got to. He's got to speed it again. Hey. Hold it. He's got to. Stop. You're a pass. Check out. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. Yes. You. Okay. I. H shots. So a row off. Go. From. From. Come from. Wonderful. That. of the J. Roe Keats line 751 Wild and one on the upper line at the pound I. O. D. Come on. Let's pound it man. Let's pound it for posterity and see what happens. Here's a lady in Boka. Hello. Modern to me. Yeah. Mom, me. Oh, what's it at mean? I'm so hot on. Modern. That's like. Oh, I thought that was like a Chevy dealer of pepper appliance. My own Chevrolet. Could be. It sounds. Sounds like it. I'm so glad that you got to go to Italy in 20. 30. Oh, it's up my relative. Managella, Mazzaria. Oh, did you get to stand from where La Machina? Oh, you are very, very, very. Fabriots. You know, my favorite restaurant, by the way, there's a waiter his name is Fabriots. You know, but I did not let him prepare La Machina. Since I didn't have one anyway. Did you get to stop on some grapes while you were over there? No, I did not. Next time. There's a little pound. My aunt, Tini, goes there and not, Tini. I didn't say, Tini now for people out here. I'm a Italian. Now, see, Tini, Tini. And she, um, every, so she's about 350 pounds, you know, and she's dumped those grapes. I don't know the town is somewhere. Somewhere in the booth somewhere. Yeah, probably Coleoni. Probably. Yeah. But you know what I already see recusa. Especially, I don't know. Um, I wanted to give you some information about the lady that said before, is that your mother or now? My mother don't call a show. What thing about this show? I don't have no relatives calling this show and I don't call them. And let's keep it that way. Yeah. Yeah. More. Oh, huh? Um, she just said, what she could have been your mother. She was talking about a shower hood. Oh, that was the, uh, cockom only. Oh, I tried to list it, uh, most of kind of into the car. And I can't hear you over my curting as the other drivers. Some, some time it won't as the lady. Oh, I see, usually, for a charge when you go when. Yeah. She did a show. That's a good idea. You get a voice on her. She has that innocence. Yeah. Everybody loves her. She's cute. Um, I know where she can get a hood from. Okay. You have to call tell us itself. Oh, Sally beauty supply. There's one in just that every town. Um, folk are pumping out on a where she's brought Sally beauty supply. I'm beauty supply and they'll help her over there. They have everything that you can use in the shower. The parade. You know the shower and all kinds of chairs that you can't stand up. Cherry. Well, here. You know, I'm not for people like Jerry Attcher because I can't, uh, can't show. There are people who sit on a chair and a shower. Really? Where are people? And what are they doing? Well, it's like a school. That's probably what they're doing. Yeah. Oh, yeah. They're two things at one time. Probably softens it up a little bit. It is so hard. Yeah. On the face of no. I guarantee there aren't too many constipated Italians. Oh, no. Not with all that bottled water they drink. Cone gas of course. Oh, that's right. And we met in the wine and everything. Oh, you know, keeps your real right. Kelly, red stuff. We're up. So you got to like play us to bread sometimes. You know, hard to do. Especially those bread sticks. Oh, I love the bread stick. Oh, red sticks. Yeah. I'm a me. So we're doing a lot of here. We're here. We're in Italy. That here. A lot of Harry one. No, I'm not seeing it. Oh, because like a lot of times like my friends if you're not Italian, they'll look onto my arm. Because when I'm wearing like a short sleeve shirt to summer, you know, I know they're looking just a few of those damn gypsy women. With their basomes hanging out carrying those young babies with those schmothas and their little bready kids running around to distract you while they separate you from all your valuables. Oh, no. Yeah. Kidding. You had to be careful. The gypsies. The gypsies. I know, right? Even even the little. This is it. But I'm glad you had a good time. The best. I have to ask you one question because you gamble a lot. You go to Vegas. My parents went to Mississippi on a casino. So I haven't heard from them in three days. What do you think passed into them? Is it safe out here? Mennies. They've gone. Mennies. Yeah. I just hope they elect you. Remembered you in the will. Oh, God. Don't sit. I'm really worried. And it's a number two is five magic five or something. Don't worry about them. Like, come on. Somebody disappears for a couple of days. Just stay calm like I do all the time. Uh-huh. They're 24 hours, though, right? On the boat. So you may stay over on the boat. They'll be there for days. Yeah. Okay. Pond dinner. That's up. Maybe they got lucky. Maybe I hope so. Okay. Yeah. Thank you very much. Gotcha. Okay. Bye bye now. Priego. Bye. We have an open line in day. 7. Five. One in another green line. What? Ah. Those cigars are killing me, man. No more food. No more cigars. Stop already. Stop the insanity guy. Dem it. You notice she's like as good as bald now. She's like bald. Oh, and what the hell. So any extra. Most of the time, it's called like a aunt. So is going to sort of get sure from suitable. If the parents are like, this to the neighbor. Then. Next to you. Come on. Just back down. I don't. Line up. Straight up. Shaykh is an iron on. Beautiful cartoon color. So what? And damn. His Info looks too good. wirk. He's wearing hanke with all their clothes. 14. 17. Again, Pond time. Shit lights? Oh, so it's like a gym. things how to have buns of steel. Oh God. 136 at WIOD in WSUN. Well if you want to have like a buns of steel without doing that how about losing some weight might be a good way to start and you want to do it easily and painlessly. Altra slim fast is the way to go. Trust me because Altra slim fast shakes our delicious and nutritious in fact each shake is loaded with 19 vitamins and minerals and you don't have to start to that because you have one for a delicious shake for breakfast. Another one for lunch they're loaded with fiber they give you that full feeling and then you have a sensible dinner like real food not some pp package garbage but like a real dinner and it's gonna help you shed those pounds effortlessly just take a puked angeli in man she's been doing it and so will you too. Give Altra slim fast a chance to work for you give it a week it'll take off the weight pick up Altra slim fast product at stores just about every place. Hey football fan Rick and Sots we day mornings right here it's hard it is very hard many of us may not be getting enough let's throw his bones never touch behind oh it's 16 it's beautiful and it's fine it goes crazy when it's bad what's true when it's bigger it's better yeah when it's filled my hand it touched my chest ooh and it blew it ruined my best it came out of my knees and into my life ooh how it makes me feel fine it's 16 so beautiful and it's mine going Rick and Sots and people at highly a speedway this Saturday night 7 30 to 10 30 night of exciting racing and they're gonna be like aren't they having a thing some kind of competition and I think Deepo is gonna like pick up Rick Riley and slam duck and just like they did with the Benito the other day that ought to be fun to watch here's Rosewood on the starline hello hello starline I read the ditch up a yours up at you knows here's Boca hello hey new yes sir this bill Henry swallowers spit and his ears on let's go to Asba Green let's go to Miami hello hello hello yes sir first time caller and enjoy your show very much yes you're talking about racing I went to Hi Alia on Saturday and seen the big race there yeah when they had the winner I looked down in the winner circle and it looked like they should have played the godfather's team with the white brim hat hats and black shirts and sop ties really and so I asked the fellow next to me sort of these people yeah they own the horse and they own the track it's the same so if you're going to Hi Alia and you want to win then you bet on the owners horse yeah that's a good idea yeah one of the same like when you went to Tampa Bay downs when George Steinburner was the owner you bet on George Steinburner which I think that's the way you're going to work yeah on his horse well there's one other thing that amused me there when you go to park don't necessarily bet on a horse owned by castle and farms because it's still running yeah but one other thing amused me there there was a in the program a lady owned a horse her name was Mrs. the H. Cox yeah and a jocky and that same race was named Marlin sucky sooky sooky have a great day palay this guy's out of control man too many wide brim hats I think we have an open line in date 751 and what on the green line at 1 800 Cox a hoist here is the four-laterdale hello yes sir yeah one time listener first time caller okay you're talking about the healthologist going back to Scandinavia not sunrise there yes my health is 13 years right and you're right you're so right but what's going on in there we have a showers in there that four hours and you got to turn around with a big stall with six hours that's where they all go to the gay people everything yeah and they're stroking and doing everything making noises when they you know this isn't going on for years yeah and then we put a bat the professorman they're going to lock okay if you're ready to bat the box even took the box under that bat yeah this people are walking the box out of the bathroom and I'm going to know that you have a customer lock in the door really but we're really ticked me off us coming back and you were talking on the radio the air sounds like the club bats to me yeah well whatever but what happened when you were talking about the house I got a call on this because in the sauna and now they cut the steamer the steamer's broken and I'm going to fix it because they haven't they said they're having too much sex in there at night yeah and yeah well how much is too much how much is too much hell of I know but I'm just saying they know it too much if they take an assurvey maybe they're having just enough yeah but I'm just trying to stop this going on it's unbelievable and when it starts affecting it like that right I mean I don't care if people can do what they want I mean but do you know have to you know courtesy of whatever at least a Polish our curtain shot well there you go that's what we need that would stop all of that now the cut note the steam which affects us right and that's not fair I mean I heard that I got to call you much bring the steam back man that's what we say okay okay I would think you'd get pretty steamy in there anyway wouldn't you huh yeah there you go he had no man who spent most of his time sharring with other jobs I would be surprised if managed out of a like Steve Stone and maybe even rusty stop and look robotized by what do I know let's go to a plantation hello yes sir how are you pretty good a couple things going ask what do you think of that hanky panky going on it the uh Scandinavian huh hey so to which is on I guess exactly I think that guy was kind of enjoying yes let me ask you question please two things uh number one I'm going to take a myself June third I go here and buy this piece and send you you're going as well or if you just went what he made it by just went you just go to make it to come in no I did not just go I've been there about eight million times we got a thing we're going in June a whole group of us what day I'm leaving June third you got to do you know 16 June 15 16 I should be good time I'm staying over the x-colour you recommend nice place nice yeah I'm not never been before you've never been to Vegas be my god and you'll be right next door to the Luxor and right across the street from the brand new big gigantic GM brand I can't wait you're going to think you died and went to heaven my friend I'm serious I just might stay a few extra days oh go guarantee one more thing I want to ask you I sent over a sack to believe on Friday I don't know if you were you never have been in Vegas well I'm just I guess I never really had the chance to get up and go you just don't you didn't just don't sound like the geese are you from New York of course yes I have how could you never been to Vegas you sound like a kind of a guy who's been around a little bit well that's the show and I've been my share some of the Bahamas casino's and get all please please I'm getting ready I want to pull report when you get back you're going to think that you just discovered the mother load I will be my pleasure one quick lesson to I sent you I don't know if you got it on Friday I sent a fax over on a friend of mine work for the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office and I know uh oh the Kathy will it's thing did you get it yeah I did you get it shit I wish you could you get a kick out of that yeah the part about the flash light was interesting what the how were they look it was like a surge party got only those what they find in there one I could ask you one quick question there might be like a whole community in there at this point yes I bet you're right I never and I saw the thing about the shaving and I understood it with 10 dollars by and the twenty by mouth that must have been interesting yeah I had to get your teats sharpen first you can never maintain family I'll recall you would report some bag of okay take it in punch your guts one forty seven ten downward on the new house you would if you've ever applied for mortgage you know a real pain in the attic and be too white for the application you we in again tabang if you all a paperwork wait wait instead of waiting what you really want is to be moving to that new house right prime mortgage investors the waiting games stop they're profession long office who's required to make sure that your loan application process quickly and efficiently in the cause residential mortgages are all then prime mortgage does you're working with the experts offer one of the fastest turnaround times, but they also have the lowest rates with programs for condos and homes and investors and also no income verification loans. Crime and mortgage investors loan programs are so flexible that if you're a credit worthy borrower, they can find exactly the right mortgage just for you. Your mortgage is prime's only business is important to them as it is to use so call the residential mortgage hotline today for more information and speak to one of prime mortgage investors professional loan officers call today 446 4979 446 4979 if you're tired of waiting if you're tired of playing games call prime mortgage investors the residential mortgage specialists. There's only one way to cover South Florida traffic. You've got to cover all three counties say drower home beach and got to have more traffic report at least six every hour during rush hours and there's only one station in South Florida that goes this far to get reliable traffic information to you every day South Florida's news talk and entertainment station used talk radio 16 WIEOD. This is computer. Do you think vegetables have rights? Do you have secret little tea parties with your broccoli? Then you need veggie anonymous or ten step plan begins with the deep programming by an ex-waterhouse employee Mr. Oscar Meyer explained. Hey study number fifty two blossom before veggie anonymous you are an irritating whole year then now three hundred words. Yes, I was. I began eating carrots and apples then grass and leaves. Soon I couldn't eat anything loving. I had dust and fog. I hit rock bottom when I actually thought Linda McCartney had talent. That's when we took off a week-died loss of dad and shoved burgers dad are trope for three days. She came around they always do. Steak on a one if you loved one is becoming an annoying vegetarian call veggie anonymous now 1-800 tofu sucks one fifty two at WIEOD here's a lady in market. Hello. Hi Neo. How are you? Just my anniversary. Well wow. Seven peeing here Neo. Oh, that's forever Neo. A lifetime. And he gave me the best present. Really? He's not here. Oh that is the best present. I guess of absence. He's in Ohio and he complained that it was called like I care. And so I called to my husband and my happy anniversary even though he's not your favorite. He's a very big fan of yours. He turned the on to you. So in response I would like to say thank you. And how sweet. How sweet of me. And there's anyone made a request for the week to go today. Yes I have. Okay. Well. How about for tomorrow's the week's Miguel's birthday by the way? Oh wow. Wait a second. Wait a second. What is this? Oh this goes in here and I'm not touching it. How about for tomorrow's his birthday so we can do like a whole bunch of stuff tomorrow. How about two two? You didn't see the show last night, huh? No, I didn't. But I've been listening this morning. Sounds like it was a great time. It was a great show. It was on Univision which is on channel 23 locally. And if people would have told us about it a lot more people would have watched it. But nobody knew it was going to be on. And I only knew by accident. And then it's like five after nine. If that rich calls me and says, Oh, I was watching some of the Marlon game against the Giants, which was on in Spanish by the way, 23. And I saw a promo for this and I thought you might want to know. And I said, well, I'm watching the Penguins game right now. But I do know and get lost, you know. But it was great. And he did sing to he sang about 8 million songs and he sang a medley of about a whole bunch of men. And then he sang a very long dragged out version of La Incoordissio and Al-Too and it was great. And I missed all that. And I really didn't really get through to it. When every time you thought it was over, he would come back with less and less clothes on. And then finally came back with the suit was gone and the jacket was gone and he had like a black shirt that would like first with two buttons open and then open almost all the way to the pubic and kept like accidentally falling wide open and he kept pretending like he was trying to close it up but he wasn't. And he was like sweating profusely and just oozing. He was oozing and everybody else was oozing. Yes. This is my kind of guy. I'm oozing. Well, in enclosing, I'd like to call Jefferson Field House a two-spack. Okay. I love you. Have a happy. Bye bye. Miami Beach on the pound line. What is it? What is it? I think rock hold. We're on hold. How can we be on hold on the pound line? Although it is real scratchy. We're on hold with music on hold on a cellular phone. Huh? I don't think so. Not for this kid. Here's Kate Correll. Hello. Hey, Daniel. Yeah. Listen to what you have been fortunate last night. No, I did not. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, there was a piece in that in the paper. I think Dave Heids column this morning about how he's read the dolphin's choked and they blew the playoffs and the panthers kind of choked and they didn't do the playoff and the heat now are choked at so tight that they've cut off its oxygen and they can't breathe anymore and it's gasping. Why is it? Well, maybe it goes with the territory. Okay. Listen. You know what to call the dolphin ticket office? Wait, but I'm going to let him pull you for a guy. Yeah. They're pushing him hold and they play the radio call. Oh, they do. Yeah. You know, something to do with them because the one with a Dallas team where a man is because of that, right? They play that. Well, they play the whole thing but at the end of it. They play, yes, yes, yes. Are you serious? And that's not up from the Yes, right. And so another one that I've been playing. Man is just doing. Yeah. I was on business for 10 minutes. Yeah. But man on hold just to listen. It was pretty good. Beauty, I'll take all the credit for it. I did it. Not. Who's that? Right. Oh, yeah. Not yet. Never stop hungry. Fair I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I am not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a world, I'm not a man, especially in my life, sometimes Iделorum 탑 탑 탑 Oịuck 리�onymous Of wast that last night it was a day when I returned to my home, pretended to run out of the car andяла. Thank you. The girl's the man, the woman's the man The woman's the same The woman's the same The woman's the same The woman's the same The woman's the same The woman's the same The woman's the same The woman's the<|vi|> The woman's the same The woman's the same The woman's the same The woman's the same The woman's the same The woman's the same The woman's the same The woman's the same Me and the girl's the same The woman's the same The woman's Oh, I'm here. I'm not the same, but I'm the same. I'm the same, but I'm the same. I always make any deal. Sportschork? South Florida's news, talk and entertainment station. News Talk Radio's 16. WIOD Miami Fortlander Day.