They don't believe it!
Alright!
I'm singing this song and I'm feeling kinda sad
I got my smile from home but my tears came from my head
I've got a body like a driving range mat
When it's cold outside use my nips to hang your hat
I can blow in your ear give you a lap dance
But you won't notice me till I get some implants
I need a guide who ain't got issues
Like filling up a chest and finding tissues
Guys, I am cute, this am pretty
I'm not won't need your pity
I've got a nice ass and fur like a kissy
But I can't get a man cause I got no titties
I've got no titties
The wonder of growth is something I can't afford
When you lay on me you'll swear you're on a diving board
When I turn 11 I started to get cute
Now I'm 24 and so waiting on my boobs
Guys, I am cute, this am pretty
I'm not won't need your pity
I've got a nice ass and fur like a kissy
But I can't get a man cause I got no titties
I've got no titties
I've got no titties
I've got no titties
I've got no titties
So what do you think Frank's Zamp had dead or alive?
He's on that island with Elvis and Janice Joplin, isn't he?
No, seriously, is he dead?
Yeah, he's dead
Frank's Zamp is dead?
Long time now
Oh somebody must have not woke me up and told me about it
It's some kind of cancer or something
I kind of thought he was dead, you know, but it wasn't positive
Anyway, 633 votes on a podiums today which I think is astonishing
Shocking, isn't it?
You don't think so?
You have that bag vote on there, say
The poll didn't go up to 115 because of Eric's personal and mental problems
Any emotional problems?
So as a result of that, we didn't have any of it going on during the show
Which is generally like a big setback for us
But at any rate, still got a pretty good response
Should the government have the right and of course the fact that there's anybody
The fact that there was, I mean, you know, the crank foot we always put in there for fun
Because there are a lot of you people out there like, you know, kids in a sandbox have to have some place to play
And that's good
Keeps you off the street
But the other 10, well there's only 10, you know, out of 633, it's not too many
No.
Should the government have the right to regulate private sexual activities between consenting adults
Just the concept of it is so ludicrous
The idea that there are people who want the government to come into their bedroom and check the position
You know, check what they're doing, what the position is, who they're doing it with
And I would assume that those 10 probably are doing it with themselves
Right
They don't have the capability so they don't care
Anyway, we asked you the government regulate that stuff
No 508, 80.2%
Only for Fags, 115, 18.1%
And yes, only 10
Only 1.5%
Said yes
And those 10 must be like, you know, tough show callers
People like that, people like that
Like Dennis
And like Dennis?
The menace or as he denies the penis
I don't think he got no penis
He has a wife, you know
No, does he really?
And children, according to him
Oh, you have to be kidding me
He has children? Who's the father?
Oh, I bet I know who it is
Oh, yeah
I got a story on the account with church again later on
I don't get 10, so I'll look up into it
And then I'll look up into it
And then I'll look up into it
And then I'll look up into it
And then I'll look up into it
And then I'll look up into it
And then I'll look up into it
And then I'll look up into it
And then I'll look up into it
And then I'll look up into it
And then I'll look up into it
And then I'll look up into it
And then I'll look up into it
And then I'll look up into it
And then I'll look up into it
And then I'll look up into it
And then I'll look up into it
And then I'll look up into it
And then I'll look up into it
And then I'll look up into it
And then I'll look up into it
And then I'll look up into it
And then I'll look up into it
And then I'll look up into it
And then I'll look up into it
And then I'll look up into it
In his calls in the 1200 Siemens
Like the
New Roman example
New Roman example
I'll look up into it
He needs to be seeing spots like on his pants.
Well, that's already happened.
Do you support affirmative action?
That's our poll question today on earringsers.com
on our marginal website.
But Eric promises me that he's working feverishly
and we're going to get the archives back
and we're going to do this.
We're going to do that.
And he wants to make sure Carlos keeps his nose out of there.
Bug out, punk.
Got it?
You're muscling in on Eric's territory,
even though he ain't making a dime on that website.
Boy, it's really kind of embarrassing looking at that thing,
you know what?
When you see that even the QAN website is just miles ahead,
it passes like we're standing still.
As a matter of fact, we're not just standing still.
We're moving into the Stone Age.
When you watch Eric, you're going to get out of the ball now.
Just like Broke a Brian, the two of them.
The two of them are in league again.
I think they really do think that they're sharing drugs.
I'm positive with that.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure with me.
Well, you probably hooked them up with somebody
up there in Orlando.
I will.
Here's our poll question today on theoragers.com.
We'll get it on there right away.
Won't we, Eric?
No.
Come on.
Put down that baloney sandwich.
He's so frustrated now.
He's like just reduced forgotten about.
He don't have time to go after the breakfast burritos.
And those coarse sandwiches, he just do them baloney sandwiches,
like by the dozen.
Baloney and peanut butter on white bread.
Man, he's with mayo and pickles.
View support affirmative action is our poll question today.
Only three choices here.
And of course, the Supreme Court is taking this up right now.
Yes, only for college admissions or no,
those most qualified should always come first.
Now, is this a difficult poll?
Not to me.
My way of thinking it's just like yesterday's poll,
it's a no-brainer, which ought to be good with us,
this audience, no-brainer.
Do you support affirmative action?
Yes, only for college admissions or no,
those most qualified should always come first.
And it's fascinating to me that the case
that the Supreme Court specifically has taken up
is from the University of Michigan.
Isn't that interesting?
Why?
I just am not a big fan of the University of Michigan
because I happen to be Michigan State attendee.
And I want to say alumnus because I was there
for like five minutes.
You were a bit better.
Well, yeah, I was passing through.
I'm campus, I was in East Shaw Hall.
I saw the hockey-er-old hockey arena, Spartan Stadium.
I was there for like a cup of coffee and a beer.
Miami did a lot of beer, lots of mysterbrow.
Miami did elections, chief resigns,
following botched primary.
What did I tell you?
One down and one to go.
Miami did county supervisor elections,
David Leahy yesterday announced his resignation.
All right.
Leaving a post to his health for more than 20 years
after an embarrassing primary election
and in the midst of the county's overhaul
in the elections department.
As was the case with the Broward County
of election supervisor Miriam Elephant.
Wow, what?
Many people would call for Leahy's resignation
after the September primary
in which technical glitches kept many Broward
and date voters from casting ballots
and permitted both counties from announcing
the final vote tallies until a week after the election,
another humongous embarrassment for South Florida.
Leahy 56th estates only appointed election supervisor,
said he wanted to leave on a high note,
a successful general election in November
and cited the tool the most recent elections
took on himself and his family.
He said the criticism he faced during the 2000 presidential election
and the 2002 primary play to roll in his decision, poor baby.
Leahy said he was not forced out,
but chose to resign yesterday
after a candid discussion with county manager Steve Shiver.
You know what Steve told him?
What?
You're out, Tom.
Maybe I can help.
And he said my name's not Tom.
He said, well, that's fine, but you're out anyway.
I'm German Irish.
Been a long run most of the time in Intuable 1,
but there's been some bumps, Leahy said.
I didn't feel pressured.
This is something that's been on my mind.
You like to leave where there's a plus.
The last election was a plus.
Now it's time to get out.
When a doubt gets out, good luck to you David.
Or not as the case may be.
We really don't care.
We're just delighted to see you leave.
Are we delighted to see him leave?
Delighted.
You'll be delighted with this story.
I got so much good stuff here today.
And it's a damn good thing.
I can't wait to do it.
Other than a bunch of stupid football calls,
our audience is totally, they're out of material.
Out of material.
How seriously?
Yeah, seriously.
Totally out.
Merrill Wanda doesn't need the hard drug study fine.
So it's safe to come out, no kidding.
What a sunny shine in here.
It is just beautiful blue sky.
Temperature is minus 16.
The windshield is minus 24.
God, on what scale is that?
Ooh.
What do you mean on what scale?
Celsius.
Oh, okay.
On the Sapper Simpson scale, I'm sorry.
What is that for?
Huracun?
Is that it?
What do you mean you don't know?
I don't know.
I don't know from that scale.
Well, I'm just telling you right now.
Countering a basic principle American anti drug policies
and independent US study concluded yesterday
that Merrill Wanda used does not lead teenagers
to experiment with hard drugs like heroin or cocaine.
Oh, right.
How do you like that, huh?
How do you like that?
Up there, Uncle Sam or down there, where the hell you are?
You moron, you idiots, you assholes,
wasting billions of dollars on your so-called war on drugs.
Shame on you.
Point the finger right there, Uncle Sam.
And I'll present to you all these other phonies
that are busy snorting up the white powder
from the truck lines.
The study by the profit nonprofit,
profit-rand drug policy research center
rebudded the theory that Merrill Wanda acts as a so-called
gateway drug to more harmful narcotics,
a key argument against legalizing pot in the US.
Bologna.
Researchers did not advocate easing restrictions on Merrill Wanda,
but questioned the focus on the substance
and drug control efforts using data
from the National Household Survey and Drug Abuse
between 18294.
The study concluded teenagers who took hard drugs
were predisposed to do so whether they tried Merrill Wanda
first or not.
Kids get their first opportunity to use Merrill Wanda years
before they get their first exposure to hard drugs
and Andrew Morrell lead author of the Rand Study.
Merrill Wanda is not a gateway drug.
It's just the first things often come across.
I thought that was usually the sheets.
I thought that was alcohol.
Moral said 50% of US teenagers that
access to Merrill Wanda by the age of 16
while a majority had no exposure to cocaine here
when our hallucinogens until they were 20
except for Carlos.
The study published in the British Journal Addiction.
Does not advocate legalizing or decriminalizing
emergency which has been linked to side effects
including short term memory loss.
But given limited resources, Moral said US government
should reconsider the prominence of Merrill Wanda
in as much publicized war on drugs.
To a certain extent, we're diverting resources away
from hard drug problems.
He said spending money on Merrill Wanda control
may not be having downstream consequences
on the use of hard drugs.
Researchers say predispositioned drug use has been linked
to genetic factors in one's environment
including family dynamics that's family dynamics
and availability of drugs in the hood.
And has nothing to do with the use of Merrill Wanda.
How do you like that, huh?
Could have told that.
So take your Merrill Wanda laws,
especially those Rockefeller laws in the state in New York
and stuff them up your ass, okay?
You stuff the old Americans, you use silly people, you.
913 at 560 WQ.
I'm here some people who aren't silly people.
They're serious people.
And that what he said, I said,
I agreed to talk to you because I'm told you are a serious man.
I'm not the line.
One of them with Celizo.
Anyway, I'll tell you Michael over there
at dry concepts is a serious guy.
He's serious about wanting to make your house look
brand spanking new.
Check out their website, dryconcepts.com
or by the way give him a call, tool free, 1-800-248507.
If you ever used dry concepts before,
you're in for the treat of a lifetime.
At least when it comes to having beautiful brand
who look in carpets and a post-reinferno true too.
Because dry concepts give you a written guaranteed price
before they start the job.
They show up exactly when the appointment is
and they roll up their slaves and go about doing a job
for you, the Lexiowicz you've never seen before in your life.
They dry clean your carpets,
making even the nastiest looking carpets look and smell
and feel just like brand new.
They're drying a couple of hours
and you're ready to rock and roll again.
And they also do an unbeatable job
of cleaning your furniture and drapery,
spot-dying, fiber protection,
carpet repairs, implant or anal work service,
deodorization and if you should ever have a flood,
complete water damage restoration likes
of which you'll never see again.
With the holidays here and guests coming in,
why not get your house all spiffed up for the holidays,
the new year, et cetera?
Call our friends at dry concepts right now
and do a stupendous job like they've done in my house
for over 20 years.
In Dave Palmbeach, Howard Column Tool Free,
1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071.
Clean today and entertain tonight.
Not just their slogan is their business at dry concepts.
Dry and local,
we're sports radio 560s, you a-
you a-
two.
Good.
You've been a lot of bitch.
Super hot, you're a big fan.
You're sending the awkward back to Portland,
but we don't.
W-2-A-1.
Salute, farts.
Holy crap.
All is warm in my life.
It came out so silently.
Now it's winding the Christmas tree.
It is burning by ice.
Someone please cover the pies.
Silent fart, deadly fart.
My cheese was spread apart.
I guess I drank too much eggnog.
So I'll try to blame it on the job.
Roar, urges, cut the cheese.
Open the window, please.
Silent fart, full of bad things.
It don't smell like candy games.
Let the clouds so stingy and green.
It cleared out the nuttivity scene.
It came right out of my bum.
Welcome.
That was pretty good remake.
It's a rip off for the other ones.
The fact that you send me here from this asshole, David.
It's not even sad.
It's not sad.
We were talking about the callers before the show this morning.
The fact of the matter is that each and every one of them, all the chronics, they're all crazy people.
There are no exceptions.
They're all people in desperate need of help.
I'm not just talking about people who call occasionally.
I mean, those people are sad enough.
Today we don't have any callers at all.
That's a good sign.
That's a good sign of self-order mental health.
Maybe they're pleased that David Leahy resigned.
They probably don't even know who he is.
They're having a party.
They're having a big party.
Or maybe they're having a big tanooka party.
Maybe they're lighting the menorah again.
But in any rate, I'm not going to read it, but it's just right.
No, I just needed to share that.
About Jeff Hyde.
This whole man's life is being Jeff Hyde's neighbor.
You know what I'm saying?
It's like the guy with the eyes.
I'm the guy with the eyes.
Oh yeah?
You know what I'm talking about?
Do I know what you're talking about?
This is not only their identity.
This is their life.
This is their existence.
I'm Jeff Hyde's neighbor, David.
I'm a crazy person.
Pull a little bit like that.
Get yourself some health, David.
Okay? Maybe we can get a package deal.
Maybe for the new year for the holidays, we can get some group therapy
for some of these assholes out there, some of these chronics.
Hey, I want a piece of that.
22 votes on the poll that's up there.
Do you support affirmative action?
No, those most qualified should always come first.
Of course, 1986.3% say that.
You betcha.
All this bull crap, because you're black or you're purple or you're a female.
The hell would that crap?
Okay?
That's why we have so much mediocrity in America today.
People in positions where they got no business being there in the first place.
Like that Greg Gumball being the lead, I mean, I'm serious.
I don't want to get into sports, but the fact that he's CBS's lead and answer on the NFL.
I mean, who has he got naked pictures of?
Bryant.
Yeah, with a billy goat and Katie Kourik doing a three way.
Get serious.
Yes, too.
Two people say that he's supported affirmative action.
Only for college admissions, one out of the first 22 votes.
Report.
This is going to get a lot of the guys out there, a lot of our male audience all whipped up into a frenzy because you know how they feel about this.
What?
Augusta.
Oh, golf.
You know, important stuff.
The former chief executive officer of CBS became the first member of the Augusta National Golf Club to resign in protest of the Cubs refusal to admit a woman member of the New York Times important today.
Thomas H. Wyman, a 25-year member of the National Golf Club, told the Times that Club Chairman Hoody Johnson's position not to admit women was unacceptable and pig-headed.
He estimated that as many as a quarter of the roughly 300 club members also support the admission of women.
How do you like that?
Good.
I'm not anxious to make this personal Wyman told the newspaper, but Hoody keeps writing that there hasn't been a single case of protest in the membership, and he absolutely believes this will all go away.
It will not go away and it should not.
I know there is a large number of members, at least 50 to 75, who believe it is inevitable that there will be and should be a woman member.
There are obviously some redneck old boy types down there, but there are a lot of very thoughtful rational people in the membership and they feel as strong as I do, he be saying.
Augusta National issued a statement to the Times about Wyman's resignation.
We are disappointed that Mr. Wyman has chosen to publicize a private matter, Club spokesman Glenn Greenspan said, while we respect the fact that there are differences of opinion on the issue, we intend to stand firm behind our right to make what are both appropriate and private membership choices.
The debate over Augusta National's all-male membership escalated in July when Johnson denounced Martha Burke, that bitch, and the National Council Women's Organizations for demanding a female member by the next masters in April.
See if they would have had a spokesman that would have been a little bit more appropriate than Martha Burke, that would have helped.
A little hotter?
A little hotter, maybe.
You mean like a .1?
The masters already has dropped its three television sponsors to keep them out of the controversy, and Johnson said last month, there was no chance.
Augusta National would have a female member in the near future.
Is now what's his name, told Al Martino too, Johnny Fontaine.
No chance, I'm going to get that part, no chance. I'm going to make him an offer we can't refuse.
Wyman also called on Augusta Members and former masters, Champions Arnold Palmer, and Jack Knifers, to support the admission of a woman member.
Where have you got those at reference from the Godfather by the way, they're on the computer?
Well, can we hear the one where he's talking about going and walking right up in the stick in the gut of his head and blowing his brains out and getting his blood all over Zyvy Link's suit?
I got to find him.
Oh, let me know when you're ready.
Our Arnold Palmer and Jack Knifers could be very helpful when their voices Wyman said, it would be nice to take him out and say, why can't there be a woman member?
Palmer and Knifers have been reluctant to talk about membership at Augusta National. How do you like that?
I don't think I can lend anything to help the situation Palmer told the AP last month.
I'm a member and I appreciate the fact that I'm a member, and that's all I'm going to say about Augusta.
And he's the same guy, the same thing with Casey, what was his name, the Crypt Martin?
Wyman also said, CBS should support the effort to admit a woman member. CBS could at least come out in favor of a commitment from Augusta National on the admission of a woman Wyman said they have a constituency that cares about the issue and I was disappointed CBS didn't do more.
They should say it is inevitable and should happen sooner rather than later.
People say that if CBS takes on hoody, they'll lose the tournament. I don't think that. So CBS takes on hoody.
And the blowfish without hoody to owl.
Wyman 72 was CEO of CBS television network from 1979 to 2006 was the chairman of the SD Warburg and company from 92 to 96. He's currently a visiting scar at Harvard Business School and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Not just another cracker jackass like hoody and is a blowfish down in Augusta, but you're redneck Yahoo assholes.
Okay, you got that clip that's coming.
I want to get that movie. I don't care how many take out getting what grease ball gum bars come out of the woodwork.
I'm German Irish. Well, let me tell you something my crout meck friend. I'm going to make so much trouble for you.
You won't know what it was. Come and lawyer. I have not threatened. I know almost every big lawyer in New York who the hell are you?
Excellent. I think just to keep our sanity now every now and then we're going to have more and we need a lot more of those Carlos lots and lots of Godfather drops.
No problem. Winning doubt, drop it out.
Rather than us just trying to like fumble around and you know, recite verbatim because if you miss one word, it makes you look like a putt.
Right. You got to get it right on target. Then a bunch of greasy guinea goombas come out of the woodwork and exactly.
And take them to horse heads in New York. 46 votes on a pool. Do you support affirmative action? No 38. Most qualified people should come first, whether it's college admissions, whether it's a job, whatever the hell it is.
Yes, five only for college admission, three out of the first 46 votes. I need a Roger's dot com. Look at that phone today. Isn't a good thing I got a whole pile of crap that must be my psychic powers again.
There isn't even like a tickle on there. Look. See what I mean? They're not even like a trickle, which is fine. Don't feel compelled. Okay. We had enough crap yesterday.
I'll tell you guy who you can trickle on down and see it. It's my good buddy Tom layman over at hell at Pontiac GMC and South. They're proud of what ounce the great Neil Rogers Neil deal 0% sale.
It is still going on as I speak right now. Is that shocking or what? That's right with the proof credit from GMAC. You can get zero down payment and 0% financing on all
2002 and 2003 Pontiacs and GMC models plus zero payment for 90 days or take a rebate of up to $5,000 and is always at hell it zero hassles of course.
Don't forget to mention you heard about the Neil Rogers deal and save even more just mention Neil and all like do a little kazansky right in the middle of the showroom.
Check out the complete lot of great GMC SUVs including the envoy voted by motor trend as the SUV of the year and the new Pontiac vibe that's got the power of a great gutsy sports car.
Both are big gas guzzlers and they make no apologies for that. Halop Pontiac halop also got a great selection of dependable use cars trucks and SUVs those big gas guzzlers that you love and don't forget credit is a problem with you with not a problem for them because no matter what kind of a deadbeat you are if your credit is the worst you've ever heard over in your life they'll still probably be able to cut you deal at hell at Pontiac. That's what great folks they are.
But right now don't forget it's the great Neil deal zero percent sale at Halop Pontiac 13411 South Dixie highway that's US one across from the falls open every day seven days a week.
I think I've started to get like 10 Williams you know frozen head frozen head for more information call it once it's only 25 below windshield with all the expect a for more information called the Neil deal hotline at toll free one triple eight five three four forty two eleven that's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven.
Halop Pontiac GMC we are professionals grade a my life and long this is for real five six you way you way yeah.
I got your breath so beautiful.
He would never say what they did.
Why his nose was bigger than his hand?
When he switched it on you was like a midnight sun.
Right through the snow.
Good back.
We will miss your Christmas light.
Hope those jet planes don't bat you near the sand as high as the night.
One day he wandered too far from the slay.
That's when a guy in the cloud you him away.
Now he's in repose.
You can see that his humongous nose no longer glows.
Good back.
Good off reindeer hunting season came to soon.
Now your head is stuffed and mounted in somebody's rep room.
Welcome.
I was not much better than those ones that just like drop off the ends of a cliff.
That's nice.
Why can't they end those like exactly.
I'm thirty two and five sixty WQM.
Thanks very much to my good close personal friend Sean and Holly.
We want to know how my brositis is doing.
My brositis is just fine.
And most importantly, thanks to me this conversion chart on temperatures.
Good timing by the way Sean.
Don't worry about it.
I got my old top of the park blanket that Harold Durrus put on top of my head years ago.
I got it right here.
Just relax.
Everything is copacetic.
Anyway, so here's the conversion chart.
And like I said yesterday, once you get a positive temperature, I have no problem with that.
For some reason.
Because you just memorize.
But when you get into the minus temperature, when it gets below minus three centigrade at that point, I get lost.
So here's the whole chart.
And it makes me realize that currently it's minus 14 Celsius here.
And that's seven degrees Fahrenheit above.
So what's the problem?
The windshield was minus 25 overnight or 26, which is 16 below zero Fahrenheit.
The water it seems so goddamn cold.
Man, I went out just to get some soda last night.
I would know full.
I barely went out of the house at all yesterday.
Because yesterday was just that one day, it looks nice out there.
Like right now, it looks beautiful.
You don't want to be outside right this moment.
Because you're going to have that tid Williams head.
And I am going to tell you now from the neck down, I head on, you know, I got my t-shirt under my heavy flannel shirt.
And I got my leather jacket fine.
But from the chin to the top of the head, whoa, man.
It's the instant frozen head.
In fact, why not just send tid Williams body up here?
Put your head up.
I don't have to, I have go through all that cryogenics crap.
This is a lot cheaper this way.
This threes is head right out there on Young Street.
At any rate, the windshield last night was minus 26, which is like minus 16 degrees Fahrenheit.
Not bad.
And our high today is going to be minus seven Celsius, which is 19, oh, 19, pretty toast to you.
That's not too bad.
I still say it's all the wind, all the wind, but it does get down to like minus 16.
Oh my god.
What are these people thinking about?
In close vote, Orlando passes ordinance protecting gaze from discrimination.
That's going to get some of our friends out there in Radio Land really upset, you know what?
Going to get them right on that first bus to Orlando so they can straighten those bastards out.
Now what's this call on here for Miami?
Are we going to take a call or what?
Hello?
Anthony, I know, man.
Okay.
Hey, Neil, I can't really agree with you a lot.
Yeah.
But this time I probably agree with you with affirmative action.
The thing is, until we get parity between the high schools and the schools between the inner city and the suburbs,
I think affirmative action should stay in place.
And you have a perfect example with George.
Ask him how different the schools were between Montana, where he came from and Dave County.
What does that have to do with affirmative action?
Well, the thing is affirmative action.
You want the best person qualified for the position or the school.
But if you get proper trained or you get a good school that can teach you how to do that, you're not going to get it.
I mean, George knew stuff that he learned in elementary in Montana.
And then he went to elementary school in Montana.
Yeah, when he came down here, he was all summer, one day during the summer, we were talking about it.
You were talking about what?
You were talking about elementary school in Montana?
What kind of way do you want to go here?
Upside down.
When he went to high school here, he was a freaking genius.
Oh, the other way around, I'm sorry.
When he went up the Montana, he was,
What does that have to do with affirmative action?
That has everything to do.
Unless you get these people trained equally, you won't get the best person.
You'll get whoever you get, whoever has the box will get the best school.
Yeah.
And they'll get the one, and they'll be the ones that will get into college.
Well, I call them always in the people, electing people like Jeff Bush governor,
so we can continue to have a bogus public education system.
Last night on Channel 4, a girl run away from, you know, Department of Children's Family called her.
Yeah.
She got retribution for calling the girl from Channel 4 from Children's and Families.
She got restitution?
Yeah, she got all that crap.
She's afraid to go back to Department of Children's and Families.
How do you like that?
And then he's done such a good job with that, then he put him right back in it again.
Well, you know what they say?
You get what you deserve.
Have a great day, sir.
I have no idea what he just said to you.
Oh, my blood is pouring out of my ears.
Why is that?
Because I'm confused trying to get it right.
Well, didn't you go to high school in Billings, Montana, and you went to college in what?
The School of Hard Knocks at the University of Albany.
Right.
Whether I like Hillary, but they don't know why.
Let me say it again.
Okay.
The day is long since past.
Long, long ago, once in my earlier youthful days of liberal indiscretions.
And I was all for all of those things, you know.
From a devaction, all of this other crap.
We can't afford doing that anymore.
And the idea that right, in fact, there's some great articles.
I don't have time for all of them.
I just got too much crap about the assistant in Texas and California, a couple of other states.
And of course, they're trying to implore it, but if Florida nothing ever works.
But where they take like the top 4% from the different schools, regardless of where the school rates.
And they automatically get into a state school college.
And what's wrong with that?
That sounds good.
Yet it is good.
But the people who are supporting affirmative action, they're opposing those plans.
Even though those plans are working magnificently and they're a great idea, they're opposed to that.
Because they don't really give a crap about the most qualified people.
They just want to continue doing a racial and ethnic thing.
You know, our people got to get in.
Well, bullcrap.
If you're in that top 4%, more power to you.
You deserve a higher education.
You deserve to go on and expand your talents.
And get a decent job.
But this idea, just because we'll get to that story eventually.
Okay, let's not get ahead of ourselves.
Let's get back to this fact of the gate banter.
Gays, lesbians and bisexuals, were added to Orlando City Anti-Discrimination Protection Law yesterday on a 4-3 vote by the City Council last night.
The measure added sexual orientation of the list that classes already protected by the city, including race, national origin, religion, gender, disability, age, and murder status.
Under the ordinance, employers would be permitted from denying jobs.
Landlords wouldn't be allowed to turn away renters and public accommodations would be able to deny service because of a person's sexual orientation.
What are they felt about this in Disney World?
Businesses with fewer than 6 employees, landlords with fewer than 4 units.
Churches, religious groups, and private clubs would be exempt.
Businesses found discriminating against gays, lesbians, or bisexuals could be fined $500 per violation.
Eight other Florida cities and counties already extend anti-discrimination protection to gays and lesbians.
Bigotry and prejudice are in congruent with fairness and justice at Commissioner Daisy Lynam, who voted for the measure, after listing almost 5 hours of testimony from supporters and opponents.
I think we've uncovered closeted bigots recently, and that's sad, she said.
Closeted bigots. Now you're talking, honey.
The ordinance doesn't extend any special privileges to gays and lesbians, see the attorney Scott Gabriel's and said at the beginning of a city council hearing, opponents disagreed with that interpretation, said the ordinance's approval would open the door to other gay rights measures.
It would give illegal status to a group of people based on their sexual orientation, Barbara Washing, a former Orange County School Board member testified before council members.
She was a little distracted when she was supposed to testify, so what are you doing, Barbara said, washing, washing.
But supporters argue the ordinance would send out a message of tolerance.
There's very little to lose with this amendment and so much to gain since a porter Jim Brown, a relation to the football player needless to say, was busy beating up an old wife and girlfriend.
Mayor Glandahood voted against the ordinance, claiming it wasn't necessary because the city already was inclusive.
I believe good people can agree to disagree, she said.
Also, she was a rumor that she was going to like veto this and she said no chance, no way Jose, the people have spoken yada yada yada, the council made their decision.
I believe it's their decision she ain't going to veto nothing.
So there you go, even Orlando, of course, like I said, they got that Disney world up there.
Is there are there any straight people working there? No, no.
I was just going to say it.
Why almost enough to make me want to play that, you know, almost, may I think about it during the break, I'll ponder it.
I got a lot of time.
115, what?
Lots of time today.
What do you mean by that?
I thought you weren't going to take any calls.
You don't understand, I've got this huge stack, man, even to people at the Dunkin' Donuts, never saw a stack like this.
And some of these are very long, you know, I have this, I have this aversion to long stories, like the one you just fact be five pages about from the same peak times.
About the pedophile priest and stuff.
Well, I got a couple there, but they're just too good to pass up on.
For example, the Bush Dynasty and the Cuban criminals taking back to talk radio, it's time to take back our airwaves by Tom Hartman from Common Dreams New Center.
Longs, but I don't care.
bankruptcy, talkstures, Boston Catholics, that's pretty long.
Rice appoints Iran counterfeiter Abrams dad NSC's midi section, the Scrake's.
And millions of pirates are plundering satellite TV direct TV, echo starfight back in court electronically.
That's about 600 pages, I'm going to read the whole thing.
So anybody don't like bedtime stories.
Bye-bye.
I got some important crap here today, okay?
And if you can't handle it, if you can't deal with it, if you're an emotional cripple just to get lost, okay?
Go talk about football for three more hours.
You idiots.
Yeah, what do you think about that?
You think that they're going to break up?
Danny Boy's record out there in Oakland?
You think that the...
Oh, you had it right on the head, what we just say makes your teeth ache, that's exactly how I felt.
First I thought it was that cold last night, and then I realized it was the sports talk.
Good, golly miss Molly, who gives a flying crap?
If that's what your life is all about, it's time to like...
End of all right now, okay?
Time to play Russian roulette with fully loaded chambers.
942 if I'm not talking about rusty chambers either, okay?
You know when it comes to eating in good food, there are so many good restaurants to choose from, but...
If you're looking for the best deli in town, you bet it's her bets.
Her bets has been slicing it and piling it on thick for over 30 years.
It's New York style deli at its best with her bets homemade pea soup, just like the Dutch.
Just like my cheap landlord, Peter.
Delicious daily specials and the best pastrami, corn beef and brisket.
Her bets even has the pickles, coleslaw and cucumber salad on the table.
Just like the old days and the good news for them is the old folks have been able to put them out of business yet.
Her bets was even more to the best breakfast and cheap eats restaurant on citysourge.com.
Now it's the time to do your holiday party needs, taking care of that and her bets is a fantastic job,
with holiday platters and catering for your family parties or at the orifice.
Her bets has been doing it for some of my most top corporations for years and years.
If you order now, a bunch of the new Roger show, you'll get 10% off your holiday catering order, you can't beat it with a stick.
Her bets is located on 79th Avenue, just off the Palmetto called Greg at 305.
592-7818. That's 305-592-7818.
We'll also check them out on the net if you like it her bets.com.
The best deli in Miami, you bet. It's her bet.
My, my, my, and locals. This is Sports Radio 516.
You way, you way, yeah.
A follow, bite.
Are your kids tired of the same old action figures?
Frankly, yes.
Then spice up their holidays with Mattel's troubled celebrity action figures.
Steal your kids heart this Christmas with shoplifting Winona.
She's more affordable than you think.
Look, Mommy. She's cutting off low-press.
You bet she is. And there's more. Forget G.I. Joe.
Now there's D.O.I. Nick with Lifelike Nick Nolty Drull.
He's climbing. Oh, and he's no funny here.
Uh-huh. Now, press his greasy head and he talks funny too.
Oh, anybody got a roofie.
Be sure to collect all of Mattel's troubled celebrity action figures,
like Whitney Houston or Pearsmeet Christina Aguilera.
See if you can find all 12 of her self-mutilation.
Wow, she's anatomically collect.
This Christmas shopping is no trouble at all.
With the troubled celebrity action figures from Mattel,
celebrity public relations green team soul separate.
947 at 560 WDQA. I'm happy Tuesday to be happy.
Chinooka to you.
We got Jim Maddett to chew us a 1 o'clock today.
Hank Goldberg at 3. Full four hours for the hopper today.
And let's see what you got on to kill an hour.
Patrick Sir Tant. Oh, that should be pretty embarrassing.
Five to six.
And then you got the Huracunz warm-up 7 to 730 U.M. at F.A.U.
Another one of those award-winning basketball games have a big crowd for that.
730 to 10 at 10 o'clock at 8 o'clock at 8 o'clock from G.A.
And Joe and Mark overnight, who used to be really good guys,
but Joe we're not sure about anymore. He's gotten surly.
So speaking of Buffalo bites, you know, I'm talking...
And remember the guy to call to her at the end of the show yesterday that ringer call about,
while he's fairly new to the show, but what's this deal you're doing to show that setup call from Toronto?
Right.
And I'm thinking to myself, you know, I'm talking about the conversion of the temperature
and the fact it was like the windshield was 25 minus 25 Celsius.
See, that's interesting.
Other than like when there's a hurricane or some major tropical disturbance down here,
there's nothing interesting about the weather in South Florida.
Nothing.
No, that's not an humidity.
In addition to which, see the thing about Buffalo and upstate New York that a lot of people don't realize is that there's this snow belt
and this latest storm that happened over the weekend, you know,
that started just in time for the football game.
This started like across central Michigan and came across something Ontario
and then it just makes a little dip, you know, like the...
You probably don't.
You know, where Niagara Falls and the meets Niagara Falls, New York and Ontario?
Sure.
Well, anyway, it makes that little dip and it comes across south of the right across southern part of Lake Ontario.
So we don't get it here in Toronto.
We don't have one flake of snow on the ground.
They got two to four feet in Buffalo and like all upstate New York was inundated the last couple days,
snow up the ass, which is why Buffalo is the in and center of the universe,
which is not an excuse for them winning the football game.
See, I find that very lame.
I find it really sad, you know, the fact that they're bowling into women are ugly in there, you know.
Well, that's great, but they still want a football game.
I mean, they can't help it.
They live in a crap hole.
That's just the way it is.
It is a... it is the end of the world is Buffalo.
So I want to take back all the years I've said South Florida is the end of the universe.
It's number two on the list.
Buffalo is it.
It is just a horrendous grotesque gruesome place.
So we even know what's colder than a witch's ass here right now.
We don't have no snow on a ground.
Not a flake, not a drop.
Does that make you feel better?
Oh much.
Why not seriously?
I mean, if it's cold, that's bad enough though.
If it's blowing snow and just have it...
Oh.
Munich, Germany.
Singer Liam Gallagher and several other members of the British rock group Oasis
and it's on.
Tarrange were held for questioning after a fight that loved Gallagher with several broken teeth.
Gallagher's injuries over the weekend forced to ban the cancel concerts in Munich on Sunday
and Hamburg yesterday.
You like Oasis?
Hmm.
They're okay.
Yeah, there you go.
I wouldn't put them in there with the greatest British rock bands of all time.
Like hot shot boys, yeah.
There are no Herman's hurt, Vermin.
Munich police said they detained three members of the No Searchers, Needles and Pinza.
Munich police said they detained three members of the No Prairie Crossed Emorsi during the pacemakers.
And how did the Prairie get across the mercy?
Probably flew.
Munich police said they detained three members of the group including Gallagher and drummer Alan White
and two of their bodyguards and suspicion of mass assault resisting arrest and damage to property.
How do you like that?
I'll release Sunday afternoon after posting bail.
Munich prosecutor Anton Winkler said his office would decide before the end of the year whether to press charges.
Before the end of the year.
So they're sit around and decide, you know.
We feel decide, depending on how much beer they drink between now and then.
But they should drink their beer, you know what the trimmings?
Yes.
I mean the Dutch and Amsterdam, the drinking beer like you never saw but in Germany, my god.
I'm not making this up.
They drink beer for breakfast.
Could you handle that?
No.
Oh, they drink beer for breakfast.
They got the big signs out, you know.
And they're just guzzling it down.
Maybe that's why they didn't remember all those things that happened.
Witnesses told police to crash began early Sunday in the disco of the Munich,
Njuchner, Hof Hotel, where the band was staying when the band members were drunk and started pushing each other.
One of them probably against the table where five Italians were seated, police said witnesses told them.
Archipitia, they said.
When the Italians tried to remove the musician and rest of the band reportedly pounced on them.
Hotel security separated the two sides, asked them to leave them, call police when the fight resumed outside.
Police spokesman Christoph Lachenbach said Gallerer kicked an officer who was kneeling down in the chest with full force and the officer was slightly injured.
A statement on the band's website Monday said several members of Oasis and they're on to Raj with victims of an unprovoked attack by a group of youths and immunoclub.
Leanne Gallerger sustained facial injuries including several broken teeth, while two of the group's security guards were forced to see hospital treatment,
one after being knocked unconscious, the statement said.
Oasis became hugely popular in the mid-90s, their 95 album, What's the Story Morning Glory debuted at number one in the UK,
and became the second best-selling album in British history.
I bet you didn't know that.
Nope.
But you do now.
Nope.
Not even 10 o'clock and we're learning on this educational show already, honey like that.
Here's a call from Boynton Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I can relate to your stories about Buffalo because I am a Suniist Brockport graduate.
And I remember those horrendous winters with that wind whipping off the lake on Tariel, bitingly cold.
You know, your topic, your subject today about the affirmative action is very interesting.
And in my opinion, when it was first proposed many, many, many years ago, it was necessary because the racism, that was so prevalent in the country.
However, I think that it is completely outgrown itself.
And that now, especially in this country, with white people being the minority, it is actually working again to those types of people.
And for example, with my children, when it was time for me to get my children into a magnet school here in Palm Beach County, you there?
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
You know, you fill up a necessary form and everything and then they take minority kids.
So what I did on the application forms, I just put my kid down as other, even though they're white.
Today's political correctness type society, who's going to question whether your kid is mixed or black or white or Spanish, so I just want you to put that other.
And I put that on Martian.
Exactly.
And I would recommend to anyone that have children or anybody that's going into college, nobody is going to question you if you mark down the cure of mix.
Because first of all, the term African-American for me is the biggest load of crap I've ever heard.
You're black.
Okay, unless you're from Africa, okay, directly you are an American or you're black.
So for me, my relatives came many, many, many years ago off the boat, from Ireland, Germany, what?
I don't call myself the Irish German.
I'm going to hurt anybody here, call themselves an African-Canadian.
I've never, I've never known there's no such term.
Exactly.
And so therefore, if they're going to sit there and now they are the majority and they're going to say, well, I'm an African-American, well guess what?
I'm a German-American.
I'm an Irish-American.
Yeah, they came over here 200 years ago, but I'm an Irish-American because the slice came here 300, 400 years ago.
There you go, my crowd, my friend, right?
And so this whole affirmative action deal is completely outgrown itself.
I think it was necessary back then, but you know what?
Like I said, with my kids, all children should be on an even keel.
And when somebody comes over here from Mexico or wherever and they live in an apartment and I live in a house where my tax dollars pay for the educational system,
yet my children are not eligible to go to that school because they're white and these kids who are resident aliens do get to go.
There's something inherently wrong in that.
Don't be picking on alien, it's his birthday come up in a couple of days.
Neil, I love you and you have a great holiday.
And you too, thanks.
Well, I actually got to have something the same, made a lot of sense.
How do you like that? That's two for two.
T for two, perfect record.
Alien and George share the same birthday this Friday, I believe, isn't that the right day? The sixth?
Yes.
And isn't it ashamed that I'm not there too? I'll give you a birthday gift.
Yeah, sure. Well, I'll think about it later on.
I'll think about it later on, all depending on whether you can put you up your good friend, Voka Brian, this afternoon when he shows his bald head in there.
Because he and Eric have been sure in the same drugs.
I would have heard of it.
Well, maybe he'll bring you some today from my birthday. Kind of like Warming Up for your birthday.
Maybe he'll bring you like a big bag of drugs.
Excellent.
Because he really, he kind of like drug me down with that stupid call yesterday.
You know, it's one thing to have an inferiority complex.
It's nothing like spread it around.
Am I calling you at a bad time? Am I such a putz?
Yeah, you're a putz. You're a putz. You depressing.
He's back to old form anyway. He's just as depressing as ever.
God is he a schmuck.
161 votes on the pool. Do you support affirmative action? No!
Those most qualified should always come first. 130.
Meaning in anything, meaning like in jobs, in the school admissions and anything.
Yes, 23. Only for college emissions. Wait a minute. Just changed again.
Only for college emissions. We got nine.
Five and a local. This is five cities.
Three is all yours.
Two and a half.
My country we have no need to grow.
First it was a hit on MTV. Then a number one movie.
Now it's coming to Broadway.
It's Jackass, the musical starring Johnny Knoxville.
Well, hello Johnny. Spread your cheeks.
Johnny, it's so fun to punch you right there in the goots.
Yeah!
Yes, all those risky stunts have been combined with fabulous show tunes to create Jackass, the musical.
Wow. The music, the dancing, the guy eating a yellow snow cone. It was better than cats.
76 dumb guys, matching gold bars. 76 eyed, it's wheels of paint.
Don't miss Jackass, the musical.
With all your favorite Jackass is on stage singing torch songs. Then setting their hair on fire with them.
I'm Steve O, I'm Steve O, I'm just drinking local. I'm burning myself today.
The great white way has just turned black and blue. Thanks to Jackass, the musical.
It's so black.
Turn away, 560 WQA. It's beautiful. The sun is shining. This is a great day to be sitting inside here and looking outside.
You know what I mean? Oh, go open the window. No. Go open the window.
You think like it may be frozen stuck at this point. It is.
Anyway, here's a nice fact from Ricky over in the Fort Myers Nolis. How the hell is Ricky here in us?
To the scratches and everything on QAM, I guess. Because the people in Fort Myers and Naples over there got screwed by the beesleases usual.
We used to be on over there. We had a tremendous a legion of faithful listener, at least a dozen or two.
And then they took us off over there because they got some paid religious crap and financial crap.
And so they just put about your crap on here because you know what they say over at beesleases. That's our middle name is crap.
Yeah, they specialize in it. Anyway, Ricky says, hi Neil, I was just thinking how much I enjoy listening to you.
My husband's been tuning quite a while, but me just the last few months. Very refreshing to hear someone in Florida with your sense of humor and brains.
We're New England transplants living in Fort Myers. We're not too happy with the general. I love this.
We're not too happy with the general mentality here, which is either Yahoo or self-righteous midwestern slash southern Christians with a hotline to God.
But we love the weather and are making a really good living in real estate. However, this is the most unsophisticated place I have ever been let alone live.
Absolutely correct.
Children up north had more on the ball. Anyway, you have at least one. I'm sure many more female listeners out there.
Thanks for a lot of fun. Listen to it in the world where everything is way too serious. A little too much animal humor sometime.
Welcome. But that's just me. Would you be returning to Florida? Please don't retire. It's a rookie.
Yes, I'll be returning to Florida in January and February. You have to be out of your mind to be up north in January.
February, wouldn't you agree? Yeah, if you can help it. Yeah. And so that's that whole snowboard thing again.
I think I timed it out pretty good. I mean, I'm catching a couple of these really nasty days. They got my nice, you know, I'm.
And I do this strictly for the company to show I'm a company man in spite of all the crap they feed me when I'm out there.
They feed you folks middle of September or December rather till the new year.
Take the nice couple of weeks vacation in there. Go off the Amsterdam. Get that apartment apartment all warmed up again.
At least over 20 degrees. You have a back full of money in my Dutch landlord and see what else going on over there.
You know, see who's smoking what? Take a look around. See who's smoking.
That's an interesting thing. The word smoking over there has so many connotations. It really does.
184 votes. I can't wait to get back to Amsterdam. You know, this summer I was really sour because I was sick all summer long.
You know, so no matter where you are, you just you just not happy about where you are. No matter what it is, you can be in Vegas.
And if you're sick, you're not the happiest camper. Remember that one year you were with us that year. Sure.
We had to drag you downstairs for the big party. I was very sick.
Even at this point, I you know what it was? What? Stress. Oh, oh, that was the year that we had the Bob Lincoln mess.
And we also had that crazy satellite guy. Remember that guy? Yes. That sponsor. Yeah.
In between the two of them, they nearly put me in an early grave. See now that we mind that's very similar reminds me that thing with the trips the Vegas of our website situation.
Where I feel like even though my name is attached to it, I have no I have no control over it. The whole thing is out of my control.
And I don't want to go into a big song and dance because then Eric will be crying on the phone again with you.
I'll let you and Brian and Eric and Carlos. I'll let the four musketeers out there handle the whole thing, which is probably a bad mistake on my parts.
Speaking of the four musketeers, now how do you say his name? Who's Alexander Dumas? Actually his name is Dumas.
Because Alexander dumbass. His remains have been moved. Now, did you know he was black? I don't know who he is.
Come on. Are you kidding me? The three musketeers? Oh, he wrote that.
Didn't the guy just get through a few minutes ago talking about your great education in Montana?
Yeah, that was what I was talking about. Yeah, two. He didn't have a clue. I saw the movie both versions.
Alexander Dumas. Like I read that book. You're you never read the book? Of course not.
I had a movie of yours. Athos, Portos, Aramus and Dartinjant. Very good. I could have named them because I saw the movie.
I'm not even because it's written right here. It's written right here. I can't remember your cover read.
But I couldn't name them anyway. Anyway, draped in a blue velvet cloth and scraped by the musketeers motto.
One for all all for one. The remains of author Alexander Dumas were transferred Saturday to the Pantheon.
The Muslim or French luminaries are interred. The thousands of...
By the way, what you told me about the phone before about why these people sound like they're in a burrow.
Well, I purposely shut off my mic during that last call. Yeah. And it's not it's not coming. It's not the echo from here.
Okay. Okay. It's on. It's our phone systems. A piece of crap. Some of the calls sound sensational. And some others
they sound like we're doing underwater with Jacques Cousteau. Thousands of Dumas fans. You had a procession to the Muslim.
We're only carrying copies of his books. The three musketeers and the man and the Iron Mask. Don't you remember that? Of course I do.
Both versions of that too, maybe three. Flanking the coffin were form and costume as the musketeers. Aethos, Portos, Aramus and Dartanjant.
Parts of his plays, including Henry the Turd and his court and Antony were performed on the state set up in front of the Pantheon, whose giant dome and columns were lit up in blue.
Excuse me, but I always thought the Pantheon was in Athens. That's what I thought. Though I know that's the Parthenon. No. Yeah.
One of them is in Rome. Which one is in Rome? See now you're making me feel bad because I haven't been in Rome for a while.
I know. I think you're wrong. I think the Pantheon. Well, some of it will straighten us out on it. Okay. The Parthenon, the Pantheon, etc.
And this guy don't even know the three musketeers. I know them. He knows like the original, the Cubby and Bobby and the Unet. He knows those musketeers. Right. And Harpo and Zepo and Gamma.
President Jacques Chirac ordered the transfer last spring to acknowledge the author's immense contribution to French literature and society.
With you, it is our childhood hours of church reading and secret emotion, past adventure and panache that enters the Pantheon, Chirac said of the ceremony.
You know Jacques Chirac that obnoxious frog. Yes. Now, where's the thing about the grand son of a black Haitian slave?
Dumas entered French Hays society went on to become a popular novelist and dramatist. He died in 1870. See, this is why it's taken so long for them to put his remains with all these other hot shots.
That's right. Early Saturday, France's Republican Guard escorted the coffins from Dumas, Mardi Christo, Chateau, outside Paris.
Dumas, hometown, Villa, Cortet, whatever the hell that is, court-a-ray. Initially opposed the transfer, saying the author made clear in his memoirs he wanted to be buried in that village.
But the village eventually bought the government decision and Dumas' body was exhumed from its cemetery on Tuesday and put into a new coffin and preparation for the transfer.
Well, let's hear it for the remainder of Alexander Dumas and maybe we'll find him right next to Ted Williams-Rosenhead.
We just take all these body parts and like just jam them all together. Make a Frankenstein. Right, sounds good to me.
Remember Frankenstein? Yeah. Oh, paint any ends. Another chronic. We got rid of him. Let's hear it. The problem is every time we're thinking about this this morning while I was shaving.
That's a good thing. I don't use a straight razor. Every time we get rid of one chronic ass hole, another one pops up. Have an hour. We said that. It's like the Hydra.
Yeah, you can't kill it. It's like slicing up an earthworm, man. You slice a piece off the end and the rest of it just keeps whirling around. You slice off the other end and the middle keeps whirling around.
The only way to get rid of it is to like crush it.
The Supreme Court agreed yesterday to decide if minorities can be given a boost to get into universities. The subject is still heatedly contested.
A quarter of a century after the justice's first address affirmative action in college admissions. The Court will tell universities how much weight if any they may assign to an applicant's race.
At stake, our race conscious admissions policies have many public and private colleges, law schools and medical schools.
The only time the Supreme Court considered a college race case, the justice issued a split 1978 ruling that banned racial quotas but gave states a little of the direction.
Both sides of the affirmative action debate wanted the Court to try again. Justice's will consider whether some white applicants to the University of Michigan and its law school were rejected unconstitutionally because of their race under the Constitution's guarantee of equal protection for all under the law.
Michigan President Murray Sue Coleman said the Archimal Heavy profound impact on our nation's high-reducation system and on our race relations broadly now is not the time to turn back the clock, she be saying.
The color of your skin determines so many important things about your life experience, where you live, where you go to work and with whom you work, race still matters in our society.
The ideal of colorblindness does not mean we can or should be blind to that reality, she said.
Opponents contend that race conscious policies hurt white college applicants not giving slots to less qualified minority prospects.
Also, if they can't play the slots, let them play Blackjack.
There are also inferior minorities who are stigmatized and held away demeaningly lower standards that Kurt Levy, a lawyer with a Washington-based Center for Individual Rights which is representing white students in the challenge.
Every time you mention something about rights for whites, they're always in a mind to some people that conjures up, you know what I'm talking about, sheets and hoods and stuff like that.
What's wrong with white rights for whites?
Nothing. How about rights for everybody?
Right.
Levy said that black enrollment initially fell when race considerations were abandoned in public colleges in California, Florida, Texas, Washington state, but he said the numbers are increasing proof that race does not have to be a factor and admissions for the rest of the country.
The Supreme Court in Iowa, that goes on about the other stuff, about the Homo's and Net stuff in Texas.
I got figure fish to fry the mat.
And like I said earlier, the fact that we're even talking about that in America in 2002, the fact that anybody's even discussing that, whether the government's got a right to stick their nose in anybody's bedroom and see what consenting adults are doing is so ludicrous and it's like shining a big spotlight.
Now what's wrong with America?
This police state where the rest of the civilized countries, again, are underlying civilized laugh at us like are you people crazy or what?
So I guess we're more in league with our Saudi and other Arab fanatic are a fanatical Islamic friends than a lot of people would think, you know.
I know.
Yeah, like the Saudis.
Right.
And we were so we were so aghast at the way the women were treated in Afghanistan.
We didn't give a crap about it until 9 11.
We couldn't give a flying crap about it less.
We're also to go in with that Afghan pipeline, you know, start pumping that oil out of there.
We're all gung ho.
We didn't give a crap what they did to the women.
And the same thing now with his Brits with his Jack the last straw that's thing with the Brits yesterday about all the human rights abuses in Iraq.
Interesting timing, by the way, Jack straw.
You are the last straw and even amnesty international says we've been screaming about that for 20 years.
None of you people give a crap about it then.
But now that you get ready to go in there and drop La Bamba.
Now all of a sudden, oh my god, they're they're giving acid bats and they're gassing people.
Yeah, well, they've been doing that for all along with our and we were laughing and looking the other way.
We loved it.
And then interesting how the public suck the public in this country is so stupid.
And they'll buy anything anything how much for a hum job.
From minutes after 10 at 560 WQA, it's here the holiday shopping and schlepping season.
Everywhere you go traffic and lines parking hassles, it's a real pain in the grass.
If you need a new mattress, you really want to be out schlepping around in this kind of a situation?
No.
Absolutely not.
So do the smart thing like I do and like George did on Friday and like everybody else called the betting experts at 1-800 mattress.
That's the number for dial amateurs.
Even the recalcitrant Miguel did that.
Now is the time to call 1-800 mattress.
Get you new mattress today and sleep like a baby tonight.
Dial amateurs carries the areas largest inventory of top quality seely, soda, simons and king-croll mattresses.
I should know I've been sleeping on a dial amateurs for years and my back is lovely, even nicer than mows.
And delivery is unbeatable.
You get same day delivery evenings weekends, more holidays.
They have a 99% on time delivery record.
Call now, have you new mattress in as little as 2 hours or choose the date and time most convenient for you?
They're not like the cable company that gives you the 8 hour window expecting to sit around all day long and then sometimes still isn't even sure up.
Plus when I get there dial amateurs takes away the crappy smelly old betting and sets up the brand new one for you.
So if you're a snowboard just come and back get rid of the old mattress and have you relax on a brand new one.
You'll be sleeping better than you did at home like in Connecticut.
Call dial amateurs right now, toll free 1-800 mattress.
Avoid the holiday shoppers.
Don't waste all your time and money going from store to store for the best mattress that even better.
Prices call 1-800 mattress, 1-800 MATTR ES for dial amateurs.
The easiest possible way in the world to buy you a bed.
We're sports radio 5cp.
You a app.
People piss me out.
Baby launch a couple missiles.
Oh!
Tour the place we know.
And aim a mad a fella whose first name begins with a.
There's one thing we all under.
Stay.
How can it won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan.
We could chase around forever with our tanks and all our troops.
But special forces are so tired of jumping through them who's.
You know we need another plane.
So let's cut out all the nonsense and go blow up Pakistan.
How can a need to nuclear tank?
Why don't we stop pussy foot and go blow up Pakistan.
What are you saying?
18 at 560 WQA.
So what do you think about the shoulder fired missiles?
I got three.
See one thing I call me stupid.
But one thing I've never been able to understand are these arms dealers.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What are the biggest ones?
No, no, no, these mercenaries.
I'm talking about like individuals.
Yeah.
I'm not talking about the countries.
I'm talking about individuals.
Sixty-with-a-theta piece about one of the most prominent ones.
Yeah.
Years ago.
I remember that.
And they go around.
They like peddled in the highest bidder.
Whatever you want.
We got it.
And where the hell do they get them?
They buy them.
We're like at the gun show on a weekend.
From our big bidder.
I understand that.
I understand that.
But isn't that grotesque and just unspeakable?
It's just like we're gnashing our teeth about all these biological and chemical weapons.
As if we weren't along with the Ruskies, the biggest manufacturer of these in a war.
Then we were and we still are.
We're still making them.
We can't be bothered with any of those treaties.
We're still pumping this stuff out.
And of course, if a little bit of it gets out or a lot of it gets out,
we can't control it or we got this guy turns out to be his counter spy.
Well, you know, it's the way it goes.
The crap happens, man.
And if there's anybody who believes this dog and pony show that's going on right now with these inspections,
I mean, yeah, I guess maybe because we're in the holiday spirit, you know.
We don't want to start even though Ramadan is over.
We don't want to start dropping La Bamba right at Christmas in Hanukkah.
I know it would be bad timing.
Maybe you like right afterward though.
Right after New Year's.
Because if there's anybody, will I tell you right now, Sodom Farts and it's the wrong flavor at La Bamba.
He can look right up there and see when a bomb, if he drops the bomb and it's the wrong flavor,
he's going to get another bomb.
Come right on his ass.
It's just going to happen.
So all of a sudden the crap with the inspectors and with all of these speeches,
it's all posturing, man.
It's all it's already been decided long ago.
I just mentioned that in passing.
So what are you more concerned about with these airports being, you know, at risk or or cruise ships?
How many years have I been screaming begging you people on this show?
The one voice of reason, the one voice of sanity saying,
don't waste your vacation money on those goddamn cruise ships.
You're going to be sorry.
You're going to be sick.
You're going to be sorry.
Your wife may get raped at it or whatever your girlfriend or both.
And now we got an epidemic.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said yesterday that it's investigators have begun looking into the
causality, the latest outbreak of stomach sickness, the Mara ship cruise.
The CDC staff was aboard the ship and working with carnival cruise lines that determined the root cause or source of the illness had spokesman Mike Grout.
When in doubt, call Mike Grout.
The illness appeared Sunday when 171 passengers and four crew members aboard the carnival cruise ship, fascination,
began suffering gastrointestinal symptoms, said Jennifer De La Cruz, a spokesman for the carnival corporation.
De La Cruz.
And then interesting, a funny how she started.
The name is Jennifer De La Cruz, Jennifer of the cruise line ship.
Probably a phony name.
The number is slightly more than 5% of the 2430 passengers and 920 crew members who made the three-day voyage to the Bahamas which got underway on Friday.
That will teach them to go to the Bahamas in the first place.
What a crap old man. What a toilet.
De La Cruz said the cruise line presumed that the symptoms were caused by the Norwalk virus, as was the case with other recent outbreaks on cruise ships.
We're treating it like it was a Norwalk-like virus that La Cruz said.
The Norwalk virus is one of the most common causes of gastrointestinal illness and tends to strike people in confined spaces, said Dave Forney,
chief of the CDC's Vessel Sanitation Program.
The virus can be transmitted person to person or by consuming contaminated food or water.
Outbregs has curr regularly on land forney, said, and cruise ship outbreaks occur several times a year.
Another great reason to get you out of cruise.
Be a captive audience out there.
I love when they go during hurricanes.
You know they get them caught in the middle of the hurricanes.
I love that.
And I think that people, whatever they get, if you're that dumb, you deserve it.
You deserve to be puking your guts out and having wild diarrhea.
If you're stupid enough to go out of cruise ship, you must be an idiot.
You're captive audience with a bunch of losers out there.
And the idea of these ships to know where they go out there and they gamble?
Sure.
You're not going to get money on those.
I did.
That's you do what?
I did. It was my first gambling experience. I went 150 bucks.
Woo!
Oh, I started with five.
Well, if I had to know that, that's going to change a lot about that birth date.
I can't say that right now.
Any opera any of that contract, forget about that.
Who needs that?
I wouldn't worry about it.
I'm not.
I'd give up.
I think it's normal.
I can't would say forget about it.
And my load up puts you.
You know what?
How many weeks and months is this drag done?
Now, and he can't even get something as simple and basic done as that.
I get four little Georgie his contract done.
George the human bartering ship?
Boy.
Just tragic normal.
You are a waste.
You're useless.
Good, golly.
If I was you, I'd go out to the swing club, like whenever the hell are open again.
Are they the same?
Are you still open?
Yeah, I guess.
I'd go out there and get busted.
He can help me with stuff like that.
But can you go contract?
I mean, forget about that.
I mean, with perverts, he's good with that.
That's how I met him.
Any opera, well, what are you talking about?
You're a pervert.
You've got to have a good lawyer like that.
Any outbreaks are of concern to what he said.
The cruise lines are doing everything they can to address the problem.
Sunday's outbreak on the fascination was the third such recent report.
You've turned.
Nearly 500 passengers in crew aboard the last two voyages of the Disney cruise ship Magic.
Fill it with the Norwalk virus.
It was, it wasn't magic.
It was tragic.
Oh my god.
What is wrong with you people, man?
When are you going to learn?
Yeah, so most people have such limited vacation time, am I right?
Yeah.
And most people also have a limited vacation budget.
So you put those things together and it means this is something you want to like the association would say.
Cherish.
You want to cherish it.
You want to save for it.
You want to enjoy it.
You want to take all the nice snapshots and pictures and put in your goddamn photo album.
So you have something nice memories as opposed to like puking and crafting your guts out on some damn cruise ship.
And then these people would say, oh but they just have lots and lots of fruit.
Yeah, but it's all crap.
Lots and lots of food.
Those are the same people you see at the cheap buffets.
Not a theme or a coast by the way, although you see some fat people there too.
At the really cheap buffets, you know, like the people are worse to Vegas so they can go into the buffets.
Right.
What kind of a slav stands in line for an hour and a half at a buffet so they can eat like for a $2.99 eat the buffets.
And just stuff their face.
Well, certainly not that rich.
He just, uh, no, he just picks up some of the else's nothing off their table.
What a disgrace that was rich.
You will never forget about that.
Yeah, when you pay your thing, which place was that?
Was that the Imperial Palace?
Yeah.
And don't by the way, don't ever go there.
No, not see.
Oh, see there you go.
And we already got that straightened out and I just had to dump it.
Don't say that again.
A crowd.
Don't say it again.
All right.
God.
Skinhead crowd.
We were.
I'm talking about an individual in the hotel that gave me a hard time me and my wife when we were there trying to have a decent time.
I could fix your ass so good.
I just sit back in his chair.
You ought to say me.
I'm just leaning back in the chair.
Looking at that beautiful scene out there, the sun shining blue sky.
In fact, it looks like Vegas out there.
It's only about 100 degrees colder but nevertheless.
Now what were we just saying before you interrupted me so rudely?
Oh, that fat rich.
That rich.
After buffet.
Goes in there and when you pay your thing, they give you like a little stub and they tear it.
They tear it and then you put it on the table or they put it on the table to show that you've paid and that you can come and go and pick out.
So somebody I guess had left one on their table and fat rich being the cheap prick that he is.
He goes and picks it up off somebody else's table, sticks it on the table and he sits down it and then proceeds to go out like 20 or 30 refills and pick out at the buffet.
I think it's brilliant.
Yeah, I'm sure you would.
One of the world's great free-loaders that I've ever encountered is the fat man.
That's what I was supposed to do that.
Now you understand why he just had to recently go through that thing where they had like squeezes balls back down the size and you're laughing.
Oh, but no, in retrospect.
Now he told me don't mention this when it was going on, but now that he's back to normal thank goodness and seems to be doing okay and it's still alive.
Now we can joke about it, but it was no life.
It looked like he had a football between his legs.
Good.
Golly miss Molly.
Anyway, he's okay.
Now what were you just saying about the MGM grand?
That's the place I like.
10.27.
Just shut up already.
We can please see I go from one extreme to the other.
I got the kill last week who won't say anything.
Now I get this maniac back again who's obviously on a heavy duty drugs today and he's a bup-up-up.
I just can't shut him up.
Who's story that has nothing to do with it?
I don't want to hear about it.
I don't want to hear about it.
Tell the audience that treasure-yellow.
That'll be a nice incentive to come out to Bill Sydles instead of that asshole with the Fanny Pack.
Get some different people out there to see it.
That'll be an incentive.
Tell all the true stories you want out there.
Okay?
You can even invite Al Goldstein to come out there and rip all of his friends.
10.27 at 5.60 WQA and let's face it, you've been here about fast-reign on the station until you ought to be an expert by now, I would think.
The facts are very easy.
Even simple people out there which it covers a lot of territory can figure it out.
If you had the dedication, fast-reign can provide you with the necessary training to get out of your dead end job to get out of that really low-paying job and become a certified computer professional.
According to Time Magazine, the demand for computer professionals will continue to explode.
The average student completes the training in his for sure months attending school three nights a week.
Once you complete your certification, fast-reign can help you out and obtaining a great new high-paying computer job.
That's what it's all about.
Fast-reign invites you to come in and visit our train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you.
Is it Cioto Downs? Is it Lebanon? Is it Jackson Harnes Raceway? Maybe a bit Tavy Downs? Or maybe it's Mohawk?
Call Fast-Train Tool 3 at 1-866-Fast-Train to set up an appointment.
With four convenient locations, there's bound to be a fast-frame near you.
They're in Miami, Kindle, Pemberpies, and Fort Lauderdale, Tony Krewwood, and Roger Mayot are waiting for you.
Don't forget to ask the career counselor for listed students just like yourself who are currently in their dream jobs thanks to the great training they got at Fast-Train.
You can be a great new job before spring. Call them right now.
Tool 3 at 1-866-Fast-Train.
That's 1-866-Fast-Train or check them out in the web if you like.
at fast-train.com
That's like an alahbo di obastado.
Hi, sir.
Mr. Mouse.
What the hell are you doing to me?
What do you mean, sir?
Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn?
Well, sir, we're just scouting locations.
Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs. You are killing me!
But, sir, look what we've done with New York City Times Square for the second street.
Hang on!
Raymond!
Raymond!
Cut it off the vacuum, Quentin.
Raymond, get that blue bird out of here!
Okay, boss.
Eisner, sir. Look what we've done with Midtown Manhattan.
Forty-second street is incredible.
I don't know what, publicly, I supported that.
But you took all the point away. You're killing me!
I'm going through a gabboscon like kids!
We're just scouting areas calm down.
Listen to me, Buttman. Don't tell me to calm down.
We got lucky with Lee Lowen's stitch. $128 million.
Now, you're trying to ruin the whole network.
What kind of programming are you running?
Hang on a minute.
Raymond!
Yes, the blue bird crap all over your shoulder!
We need to stop up for heaven's sake.
And head off the module, Quentin!
Okay, boss.
Good God!
Sir, the network is fine.
Why couldn't you come up with American Idol?
Good God, you're still running James Bond movie.
There's 60 years old!
Why don't you just put Steamboat willing on and be done with it?
Please, sir, I'd make a couple of damn dollars!
Well, the movie division's fine.
You mentioned Lee Lowen's stitch, and now we have the new M Night Shummel on movie coming out later this summer.
I know, it's fine. What the hell does that mean? Stop sign, yield sign.
You've got to start swinging some of these titles, cast me!
Please.
Raymond!
Raymond!
Get him up!
I know you can't hear me, Raymond.
You're still running on the market, Quentin!
You're the number one reminding me!
Get on here, Raymond!
We take that blow to your budget!
All right, I, sir.
Yes, sir.
I'd be very careful the next time I started my car.
Why were you?
What do you mean, sir?
I'm not done with you.
What?
I'm not done, sir.
I'll put him in your job.
You're terrible!
Maybe I put Remus in there.
I don't want to be president of Disney Remus.
Oh, man!
What a wonderful day!
Get on here, you nutbag!
1033 at 560. Maybe Remus can be the beneficiary of affirmative action and be the CEO.
How about you say?
Eisner?
249 votes. Do you support affirmative action?
No, those most qualified should always come first.
205.
82.3% of us said that.
Yes, 31.31 people out there, 12.4% say,
we support affirmative action, which of course is ridiculous.
And only for college admissions, 13.5.2%.
Here is a great column!
Not a good column, a great column by William Raspberry and yesterday's Washington Post.
You ready?
I'm ready.
This is not too long, it's short.
I got some long stuff, though, coming up.
I bet you can't wait to hear about the bush dynasty and the Cuban criminals.
Oh, yeah.
Well, from the Alondon Guardian, but anyway we'll do this first, please.
William Raspberry says,
I've been trying to figure out why people like Attorney General John Ascroft frightened me.
More accurately, I've been trying to figure out how to say it in a way that makes sense.
I think I know the source of my fear, the danger of an imposed theocracy.
To those who don't already agree with me would seem fair to lump Ascroft in with the religious or political right crowd
that would show its version of the religious truth on our throats.
It won't seem fair.
There's nothing evil appearing about Ascroft.
He seems only to have the strength of his convictions, including his deeply held religious convictions.
He doesn't rail at us, he doesn't preach fire in Brimstone, he's mild-mannered and earnest.
Yet he and people like him seem to hold a view of what America or what any rate is or what are at any rate ought to be.
That is based not on the civic virtues of what we're so proud, but on specifically religious ones.
And I fear that he would take every fair chance to make his views the American view.
What's wrong with that?
Isn't that one of the reasons people get into politics or become civically active or right newspaper columns?
Am I talking about anything beyond the fact that I'm on one side and people like the Attorney General are on the other and for now prevailing side?
I think so, but I find it hard to express in words that make sense to those who hold a different view.
Take the subject of what to teach our children about our origins.
Evolution seems such an obvious truth, religious beliefs and scientific arguments now with standing, that it seems clear to me we ought to teach evolution, perhaps with the mention that other people hold a different view.
But suppose I don't mean to impute this belief to Ascrop, you believe that a sixth-day creation is the obvious truth and suppose you're in a position to help your belief become the dominant view.
Wouldn't you want all our children to have access, real access, not just a perfunctory mention to this truth?
You see why it's hard to talk about, but why should I be frightened?
Here's why.
People from a religion is the source of wisdom and truth, whose religious and civic lives are seamlessly connected and who hold governmental authority must be greatly tempted to do what they can to place truth on the throne.
Maybe they have to make the effort, but isn't that just the effort that was made by the Taliban?
Doesn't that urge or something like it drive the religious zealotry that ultimately justifies much of international terrorism?
Aren't those right thinking clerics in Nigeria who want to stone that allegedly adulterous woman of death, but who seem only to look the other way with regard to her sexual partner,
acting out of their sense of truth?
We are a long way from establishing anything like the Taliban in America, but not far from it all from having imposed on us a version of truth that would justify the suspension of our civil liberties and other constitutional inconveniences.
We won't stone anybody that's for objecting in having their computers downloaded or for declining to recite the pledge of allegiance or for skipping under God in the Addendum.
But there are those who would extract the price for these breaches, and evidence that the rest of us might let them if only for the duration of the crisis.
It is silly to fear that if religious-based political conservatism holds power for a few more years, we'll have more crises, more erosions of civil liberties, and a dead and sense of resistance.
Will some later-day pastor Nemoor have to record that they came from the terrorist, they came from the sympathizers, the loony liberals, while good people did nothing?
Do I assume that the religio-political right is so fundamentally evil that if given a rapid chance it will do bad things to the rest of us?
No, I think power combined with the view that those in power must not distinguish between the religions and civic selves is dangerous whatever it's source, for now the source is the right.
The genius of America, whatever made this polyglot, polycultural, polychromatic nation such a success, is that it is managed to devise a civic religion less doctrinally specific but no less devoutly held, that can coexist with the gamut of our private religions.
Is civic religion in danger too? Ask William Raspberry yesterday's Washington Post.
A little bit nervous about John Ascroft, I can't imagine why.
The bush dynasty and the Cuban criminals, I think I better do the break first, don't you?
Well, how long is it? It's long enough.
And then talking back to talk radio, time to take back our airwaves, what a great column. This guy is very long.
I never ever, it's like five pages, I'm in my four pages plus by Tom Harmon, it's exactly what I've been screaming about right on target from Common Dreams News Center.
New law requires high schools to cooperate with Pentagon on recruiting, are you worth that?
You had a blurb about that a couple of weeks ago, three days.
Yeah, and not too many people noticed that they kind of stuck it in some federal, the federalization law, they stuck a little liner to in there about it.
Bankruptcy talks through Roman Boston Catholics, they're whipped up into a frenzy about that, they see what it's all about.
The scam. Yeah, let's just do chapter 11, chapter 12 of 13 and 14, two hour added.
Or let's at least talk about it a lot so we can scare these hot shot attorneys into making their clients settle for like a fraction of what they ought to be getting.
And you know something when you say what the ought to be getting, there is no price, no price to repay those people.
Correct. Whose lives have been twisted and turned upside down by these pedophile priests and the institution is grotesque corrupt institution that covered it all up and pretended to be looking the other way.
And they're still doing the same thing by the way, nothing has changed, talking about a dog in ponies show, that was all a pile of bull crap.
Twenty before 11 at 560 WQ and we got the mad dog from Shula State to at one we got Hank with what's his name Patrick Sir Tan will be in there.
I think I think after his performance on Sunday ought to change his name back to Sir Tan, don't you Carlos?
Yeah, in fact I changed my name to Joe Smith after that game he played and anyway Hank 3 to 7.
You got her a coup d'arm of 7 o'clock 7 30 UMA FA U basketball with Joseph Gackey and whoever does cut it on the river figure out who does cut it on the basketball games.
Josh. Clarence? Yep. Clarence is doing cut on the back. That's right Clarence did a basketball game the other day.
How did he do? Because Joseph Gackey was doing the football game in Syracuse. I've never heard of it.
Well, let's get some spy reports on that, how Clarence did on the basketball game. Any K at 10 o'clock after the U.M. gaming in it and doing Mark overnight.
Let me tell you about a great product for your health right now. We've heard us talk about this on a show for a long time.
You ought to be popping it right now. What are you waiting for? Oleomed. Great stuff.
Oleomed Mediterranean Formals are advanced combinations of the finest olive oil that you'll find anywhere with vitamins, minerals, herbals, other nutrients. They're all packed in there in those little capsules.
Scientifically, they're designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs.
They have one for your mind, one to help you control your cholesterol, etc.
And now they have three great new formulas, one to help you sleep, one to help you control your weight and coq 10, which is stupendous and mighty important for your heart.
All using the benefits, like I said, of the best olive oil you can find. By the way, what did you say about the Parthenon and the Pantheon?
Yeah, the Parthenon is in Athens and the Pantheon is in Rome.
What an Italian! See, there you go. The French steal and once again steal and they just like they steal the language from the Italians and then they butcher it up anyway.
Did they steal it from the Italians? Yes, it's Latin based.
No, I understand. It's like you speak stolen, but at least the Spics made a pretty sound in language when the Spaniard speak it, not you guys.
But the frogs, the frogs when they got a roll, you don't like it because the Spaniard speak with a lift.
I'm not talking about the Castellians, I'm talking about the Spico, the Spico, the Spics who speak a spikker, right?
Yes, bang your lift. Like Louis McGell, he'd be speaking a right. And he don't have no lift, although he probably should.
Oliomad's a great new product that's available at public secrets and Walgreens if you'd like to get more in. And by the way, Mariah, the answer is still no.
For more information call OliomadTool3 at 1-866-Oliomad, that's 1-866-65366333, you can order their products online at olio-medamerica.com.
And don't forget, here's some of the most shocking news of the century. If you visit nearest public's and value in Oliomad product and date or a brow, you can still get that coupon good for a free Larry Coker Bobblehead doll.
OK. Well, supplies last. Don't forget to visit their sampling provision at SportsStone every Sunday with the Offensive Plain Home Games like this coming weekend. Pick up some free information at OliomadSamples and for your health, start popping some Oliomad in your PUS real soon.
Slide in local. We're SportsWinio 560-Cueing-Cueing-M.
The Bush. Frank, the MOU!
This holiday, get your despised relatives and hated friends of fruitcake there even less likely to touch than ordinary fruitcakes.
Get them a Christopher Lowell fruitcake.
I'm Christopher Lowell and I've been working long and hard in my kitchen to bring you a fruitcake that's packed to the rim with sweet meats.
Oh, oh, oh, another one's ready. I just love the golden brown color of that big old loaf. I just want to wrap my lips around it right now. Don't you?
Of course. Because there's a little bit of Christopher in every Christopher Lowell fruitcake.
That's right, honey. I hand-selected all the nuts and candy fruits in every one of these delicious concoctions and wait till you get to the creamy center.
That's one fruitcake that's really got spawned.
And that's all my Christopher Lowell fruitcakes don't contain any cherries. Hey, dumb!
So don't delay. Order your Christopher Lowell fruitcake today because Christmas is coming.
Don't I know it?
To talk!
I wonder if he knew Peter Clayton 1045 at 5.60 WQAM. 277 votes on the pool. Do you support affirmative action?
No. Those most qualifies should always come first. 230. Yes, 33. Only for college admissions. 14, be seen, yes.
The Bush Dynasty and the Cuban criminals. This is from the British paper The Guardian.
The brother or president George Bush, the Florida governor, Jeb Bush, has been instrumental in securing the release from prison of militant Cuban exiles convicted of terrorist offenses according to a new book.
The Bush family is also accommodated the demands of Cuban exile hardliners in exchange for electoral and financial support to book be sand.
Last year after 9.11, while the justice department announced the sweep of terrorist suspects, Cubans convicted of terrorist offenses were being released from USJLs with a consent of the Bush administration according to the book,
Cuba confidential love and vengeance in Miami and Havana by Ann Louise Bardack, the award winning investigative journalist who has covered Cuban and Miami politics for the New York Times and Vanity Fair.
The Bush family connections go back to 1984 when Jeb Bush began a close association with Camilo Padrera, Padreta, a former intelligence officer with a vatista dictatorship overthrown by Castro.
Jeb Bush was then the chairman of the date County Republican Party and Padreta was its finance chairman. Padreta had earlier been a data 9500,000 in bezeling charge along with a fellow exile, Hernandez Cartaya, but the charges were dropped reportedly after the CIA stated that Cartaya had worked for them.
Padreta later pleaded guilty to defrauding the Housing and Urban Development Department of millions of dollars during the 1980s.
The president's younger brother was also on the payroll in the 80s of the prominent Cuban exile Miguel Bracare, who had earlier assisted the CIA in attempts to assassinate Fidel Castro.
Bracare, who went international medical centers, IMC, employed Jeb Bush as a real estate consultant and paid him a $75,000 fee for finding a company in new location, although the move never took place which raised questions at the time.
Jeb Bush did, however, lobby the Reagan-slice Bush administration vigorously and successfully, on behalf of Recarian IMC.
I want to be very wealthy, Jeb Bush told the Miami News when questioned during that period of time.
In 1985, Jeb Bush acted as a conduit on behalf of supporters of the Nicaraguaan countries with his father, then the vice president, and helped arrange for IMC to provide free medical treatment for the countries.
Recarian was later charged with massive Medicare fraud, but fled the US before his trial and is now fugitive.
Jeb Bush sealed his popularity with the Cuban exile community by acting as campaign manager for another prominent Cuban American, Iliana Gross-Lateman, Rosanna Dana, when she ran successfully for Congress.
George Bush Sr. famously appeared with her during her campaign in Miami declaring, I am certain in my heart I will be the first American president to step foot on the sole of a free and independent Cuba.
She has since lobbied successfully for the release of several exiles convicted of terrorist defenses held in US jails, but who now live freely in Miami.
Most controversially at the request of Jeb, Mr. Bush Sr. intervened to release the convicted Cuban terrorist Orlando Bosch from prison and then granted him US residency.
According to the Justice Department and George Bush Sr. Administration, Bosch had participated in more than 30 terrorist acts.
He was convicted of firing a rocket into a polar ship with his, was on a passage to Cuba. He was also implicated in the 1976 blowing up of a Cuban plane flying to Havana from Venezuela, in which all 73 civilians on board were killed.
CIA member randoms suggest strongly according to Bart Ash's book that Bosch was one of the conspirators and quotes the then secretary of state Henry Kissinger as writing that the US government had been planning to suggest Bosch's deportation before Cuban Airlines crash took place for his suspected involvement in other terrorist acts and violation of his parole.
Bosch's release often referred to in the US media as a pardon, was a result of pressure brought by hardline Cubans in Miami, which Jeb Bush serving as their point man.
Bosch now lives in Miami and remains unrepentant about his military activities, according to Bart Ash.
In July of this year, Jeb Bush nominated Raul Conteiro, the grandson of Batista, as a Florida Supreme Court judge, despite his lack of experience.
Mr. Conteiro had previously represented Bosch and acted as his spokesman once describing Bosch at Miami Radio as a great Cuban patriot.
Other Cuban exiles involved in terrorist acts Jose Dionisio, Suarez, and Virgilio Pazaro Merro, who carried out the 1976 assassination of the Chilean diplomat Orlando Latella in Washington, have also been released by the current Bush administration.
The current administration also maintains a hard line on the continuing Cuban embargo despite the urgings of many in Mr. Bush's own party to end it.
The president's advisor, Carl Rove, has urged him to fully accommodate hardliners and return for electoral victories for both his brother and himself, Bart Ash's book says.
For their help, many hardline Cuban Americans have received plum jobs in the current administration.
Mel Martinez, the Orlando Republican, who arranged for the shipwreck Cuban Poilian Gonzalez to visit Disney World, was made housing secretary while Otto Reich was awarded one year recess appointment for the Western Hemisphere in the State Department.
Have you seen him?
No.
Otto, Long Bluay.
Chairman.
REICH.
Reich.
Reich.
Yeah.
Da.
Well, he must have a little spik in him somewhere.
Immigrant.
At any rate.
So there's a little else something for you.
That's another good reason why Jeb got reelected governor.
Oh!
He's going there, Jebster.
He wanted to become very rich and make a lot of money and guess what somehow he did.
And good old Neil Bush is back in or again with those great...
He's got his nose in the education system.
Just amazing how you people in Florida, you never met a crook you didn't like.
Let's stick him in here again whether it was John Lamello, whether it's Rale Martinis, no matter who the hell it is.
Never met a gangster crook that they didn't love.
Am I right about that or what?
That's it.
Now this thing, this is going to take me forever to read this and they're going to give it very...
Well, maybe I should take a call or two first, huh?
You think we have any?
One.
We have a call.
See this works out fine because then you won't say, well gee all you did was do those bedtime stories.
Yeah well I'm fine, take a few calls and we took a couple so far.
Here's another one from Palm Beach. Hello.
I'm just listening on hold.
Yeah.
That's rich factor.
Hey this rich factor, what do you mean you're listening on hold? What call is that mean?
I got jury duty.
Somebody stored your radio?
Jury duty.
Okay hold on.
Only for him would I do that.
He's got jury duty.
He's listening on hold with the overage factor.
Oh I should have, what are you doing?
You still there?
Yeah.
Well now what about that Paul Harvey Jr., is he an asshole or what?
I'm so glad he finally came around.
But I'm more on.
The worst.
Somebody must have passed the word to him that I was mentioning him on here.
He calls in, oh well I listen to Tony Bruno everyday.
I've had forgotten what a sports nerdy is and he don't even know anything about sports.
I told you years ago.
He's an asshole, okay hang on.
There's our good buddy rich factor.
See I was on what?
Man I like rich.
He's a good guy rich factor.
He finally see when he facts as us, he's not a chronic factor.
He don't even want his name on here.
He just passes along stuff that's useful.
He's a good guy.
But you know me, I try to like pacify everybody.
I try to be the peacemaker.
You know blessed are the peacemakers.
How does that go?
The cheese makers.
Blessed are the cheese makers.
Because they can really cut it.
But at any rate then he was right.
I was wrong.
Paul Harvey Jr. is a major asshole.
I shouldn't know that.
He was like a big stand major fan.
That's where he came from by the way.
He wasn't one of my listeners.
He was a stand major groupie.
What does that tell you?
Oh man.
Brother.
Let me start this now because this is going to carry over from that probably into the middle
of the Mad Dog show.
But I don't care because this is a heavy duty crap.
Talking back to talk radio.
It's time to take back our airwaves by Tom Hartman, Common Dreams News Center.
Published this past weekend of November 30th, Saturday.
All Democrats are fat, lazy and stupid.
The talk show host said in grave serious tones as if he were uttering a sacred truth.
We were driving the Michigan for the holidays and I was turning around listening for the stations I'd work for for two and three decades ago.
I turned the dial.
It's a handy for humanity house a different host said, adding that the habitat for humanity home.
He apparently hijacked the resource self promotion, but only be given to a family that's where's its conservative.
No liberals are going to get this house, he said.
Turning the dial again, we found a convicted felon, ranting about the importance of government having ever more powers to monitor investigate and prosecute American citizens without having to worry about constitutional human rights protections.
Apparently, combining of nationwide German police agencies following the terrorist attack of February 1933,
when the parliament building was set afire into one giant anti-terrorism agency, was a lesson of history this guy completely forgotten.
Neither apparently to most Americans recall that the single most powerful device used to bring about the SS and its political master was radio.
Is history repeating itself?
Setting aside the shrill and its nonsensical efforts of culture, Lucian Goldberg and others who suggest the media America is liberal,
the situation with regard to talk radio is especially perplexing the most people, it doesn't even carry a pretense of political balance.
While the ever subtle algorithmic algorithm came right out and said that much of the media are part and parcel the Republican party, those who listen to talk radio know the medium has swung so far to the right that even Dwight Eisenhower or Barry Goldwater would be repelled.
Centrist and progressives across the nation are asking how could it be that a small fringe of the extreme right has so captured the nation's airwaves,
and done it in such an effective fashion that when the attack folks like Tom Dachel, he and his family actually get increased numbers of death threats.
How was it that millions of Americans actually believe the pronouncements of ex-Fellings like John Point Dexter's protg Ali North and Nixon's former burglar G Gordon Litty?
How was it that ideologues like Rush Limbaugh can propagate lies and half truths to the over-benefit of hard-right Republicans and avoid a return of the dead since Reagan fairness doctrine and get around the desirved American public for fairness by claiming what they do is just entertainment.
And given the domination of talk radio by this new right, there's that word again.
Why is it that the vast majority of talk radio stations across the nation never run even an occasional centrist or progressive show in the midst of their all right all the time programming day?
Even with the right within the radio industry itself there's astonishment. Yes?
Program directors and station managers claim they have to program only right-wing hosts.
They point out that when they insert even a few hours of elect of center host into a typical talk radio day, the station's phone lines light up with angry flaming reactions from listeners, even advertisers get calls of protest.
Just last month a radio station manager told me solemnly only right-wingers listen to radio anymore. The lefties would rather read.
Let me do the break. Okay.
This goes on like but it's important because it's right on target and I've been screaming about this for a long time and then they keep going on there.
Oh no, you're wrong. Deliveral media, liberal media, Dan Rather and who else? Well, uh, right.
Oh, and I forgot the James Carville and Paul Baggalla.
I know his phoney below me shows those contrives shows you know where they sit around and scream at each other and the audience.
Yeah, whatever, you know, very, very bizarre pathetic 298 votes on our poll.
Do you support affirmative action 246?
No 82 and a half percent. The most qualified should always come first period.
35 people said yes. 17. Yes, but only for college admission. That's where our polls stacks up at the moment.
But I say 1057 a QA. Not enough. I just did. There's never been a better, a smarter time to buy you a new home or refinance your existing one.
How about this? How about a rate of 3.95 percent? That's correct. Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95 percent.
But you've got a column to find out how this works. Call financial group at their toll free number 1-809-40-LND.
That's 1-809-4053-63. The money you're going to save is.
Take about it. You can get $100,000 loan for only $450 bucks a month. Get you a $200,000 loan for only $950 bucks a month.
The process is simple. You're going to save yourself a crapload of cash this year and every year.
So call our good friends at financial group. Get all the details. Call 1-809-409-LND.
There's never been a better, a smarter time to get you a little interest rate. So call financial group and you'll be on your way to big fat savings.
Financial group is an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are something to change. So call them right now. 1-809-40-LND.
That's 1-809-4053-63.
My life and love. This is 4305-60. You ain't too way.
Okay, 11 o'clock at 5.60. I'm repack to peer articles on audio for one day anyway. Okay. If time's here, they're all like it.
That's my message to you, okay, Tom. Go back and read the funny papers.
Packing up on paragraph, it says program directors and station managers claim they have to program only right-wing hosts.
They've point out that when they insert even a few hours of left of centered host into a typical talk radio day, the station's phone lines let up with angry flaming reactions from listeners, even advertisers get calls of protest.
Just last month, the radio station manager told me solemnly, only right-wingers listen to radio anymore. The left-these would rather rather read.
How could this be? After all of Democrat won a majority of the popular vote in the last presidential election with more votes than any other Democratic candidate in the entire history of the nation.
How could it be that there are no Democratic or progressive voices in major national radio syndication and only a small handful in parcels indication around local shows?
The issue is important for two reasons. First, in a nation that considers itself a Democratic Republic, the institutions of democracy are impelled by a lack of balanced national debate on issues of critical importance.
Demagoguery from either end of the political spectrum is not healthy for democracy when there are no-poising voices. Second, for those progressives looking for a good investment, what's happened recently in the radio industry represents a business opportunity of significant proportions, the station manager I talked with is wrong because of something in science known as sample bias.
Here's why the talk radio scene is so dominated by the right and how it can change. First, the very brief history.
When radio first became a national force in the 1920s and 30s, most stations programmed everything. Country Western music could be followed by big band followed by Mozart followed by drama or comedy. Everything was jumbled together and people needed the newspaper program guides to know when to listen to what.
As the market matured and drama and comedy moved to television radio stations realized there were specific market segments and niches within those segments to which they could program.
And they realized that people within those niches had very specific tastes. Country Western listeners only wanted to hear Country Western, big band put them off and classical music put them to sleep. Classical music fans on the other hand became irritated when country Western or early versions of rock and roll came on the air and rock fans clicked off the moment Frank Sinatra came on.
So all of those of us who worked in the business saw stations began to program into these specific musical niches and led to a new renaissance and profit when following the radio business.
But to make money in the new world of radio that emerged in the 50s, you had to be true to your niche. If when I was a country Western DJ I'd try to drop in a song safe from the Beatles, my listeners would have gone ballistic calling in angrily complaining.
Similarly, when I was doing Morning Drive Time Rock, it would have been suicide to drop informants of Mozart, smart programmers know to hold always true to their niche and their listeners.
At first, radio talk shows were seen as a way of fulfilling FCC community service requirements in the late 1960s and early 70s when I was a reporter and news anchor at WITL AMFM in Lansing, Michigan.
We had an afternoon talk show that ran from to the 3pm. Usually hosted by the station's general manager, the late Chuck Drake, and sometimes fill and hosted by us in the newsstaff, the show was overtly run to satisfy the FCC's mandate that stations serve the public interest.
Thus our talk show focused mostly on public interest issues from local and national politics to the lost dog reports and we tried hard to present all of you points fairly as was then required by the fairness doctrine.
In that we were following a long radio tradition. Modern talk radio as a major force in America started in 1926 when Catholic priest Father Charles E. Coglin took the airwaves by the mid 1930s as many as a full third of the entire nation and estimated 45 million people listed as weekly broadcasts.
His downfall and the end of the 15 year air of talk radio he both created and dominated came in the early 1940s when the nation was at war and Hitler was shipping millions of Jews to the death camps.
For reasons still unknown Alzheimer's is suspected, Coglin launched into hard-right anti-Semitic tirades in his broadcast, claiming an international Jewish conspiracy for communism, the Great Depression, World War II, and most of the world's other ills.
His sudden shift to the radical right disgusted his listeners and let his appears in the Catholic Church to demand that he retire from radio and return to his parish duties where he died in a relative obscurity.
Many say the fairness doctrine came in about partly because of Coglin.
A generation later a new father Coglin emerged in the form of Rush Limbaugh, an articulate and competent talk show host of Sacramento who came to the attention of a group of conservative investors looking to one-seat the fabulously popular liberal talker Alan Berg and to bring balance to America's airwaves.
In June of 1984 the year Rush began issues talk on Sacramento's KFBK, Berg was machine gunned to death by right-wingers.
Within four years Rush rose to national status by offering his program Fee of Charge to stations across the nation.
Station managers not being business dummies laid off local talent and picked up Rush's show free leading to a national phenomenon.
The Limbaugh show was one of America's greatest radio success stories spreading from state to state faster than any modern talk show had done before. Coglin began on a national network Rush still doesn't have anything close to his listenership.
And station managers discovered there was a small about four to five million nationally but a loyal group of radio listeners who embraced Rush's brand of vitriol, fear and smear and overt hard right spin, believing every word he said even though he claimed it was just entertainment to avoid a reemergence of the fairness doctrine.
The sudden success of Rush, local radio station programmers to look for more of the same. There was a sudden demand for Rush, Rush your clone talkers who could meet the needs of nation's Rush bonded listeners and the all right-wing talk all day radio format emerged dominated by Limbaugh in limbo clones in both style and political viewpoint.
Thus the extreme fringe of the right wing dominates talk radio not because all radio listeners are right wingers but instead because it was the first where they consistent and predictable programming slant the first large niche in a new and emergent talk segment in the radio industry.
Listers always know what they'll get with Rush or one of his clones and programming to a loyal and identifiable audience is both the dream and the necessity of every radio station's management and station managers know that if they stray away from right wingers for the talk program, they'll get angry listeners and lose advertisers which brings us to the opportunity this represents for progress is radio stations and those interested in bringing balance to the nation's airwaves.
Going back to the music programming industry think of Rush clone talk as if it were country western music. It's unique instantly recognizable and has a loyal and definable audience just like any of these specific music niches. This explains why it's nearly impossible to successfully program progressive talk in the halfway fashion that it's always been tried and often failed up to today.
The rules are the same as in music programming any competent radio station program director knows they'll get angry listeners if they drop an hour of rock and roll into a country western programming day. It's equally easy to predict that if you were to drop an hour or three of a progressive talker like Mike Maloy or Peter Werby in a day dominated by Russian is clones the listeners would be outraged after all those particular listeners thought they were tuned into an all rushed clones all day long station.
But that response doesn't mean as conservative as in the radio industry suggests that there is no market for progressive talk radio. What it does mean is that there's not yet an awakening in the broadcast industry the reality that they're missing a huge unserved market. But like with right wing talk for progressive talk radio to succeed it will have to be programmed consistently throughout the day and with talent is outrageous and interesting as Russian is most successful clones.
The key to programming for progressive talk is to realize that talk radio isn't a monolithic niche it's matured into a category like music did in the 50s and within that category there are multiple niches including the very large niches of conservative talk relationship advice talk and progressive talk and smaller niches of travel talk investment talk medical talk etc.
Most station programmers who try to liberal talker for an hour or two only to get angry responses from ditto heads think this means only extreme right wing talkers and ideally convicted felons for those who declare war on liberals will make money for their station.
But the irrefutable evidence of national elections and polls show so such timidities a mistake all they need to do is when anybody with music program experience would recommend identify their niche and stick with it.
By programming all progressive talk all day long stations can open up a new niche and write it to success and with right wing eye ideologues in charge of our government the time is never better as Russia during the Clinton years the peak of his success issues talk thrives best in an underdog environment it's the Americans psyche to give a fair listen to people challenging the party in power.
Those stations that take the plunge into all progressive talk all day long for medical service democracy by offering a loyal opposition which Americans always appreciate in order healthy revenues and industry words increasingly difficult to find a profitable niche.
And whichever network is first to take time to educate station owners to the simple reality and provide a solid 24 hour day of progressive programming will do the American people to service while also building a strong viable and financially healthy business.
If you're in the business consider seriously this advice from an old radio station programmer and if you listen to radio call your local stations and let them know that you want to hear progressive voices and will even patronize the advertisers of such shows when they run them.
It's time to take back America's their waves and return balance to our national dialogues. This is written by Tom Hartman's the author of unequal protection derives of corporate dominance and the theft of human rights.
Pretty good huh? Love it. Sounds good to me. Norma sounds real good to me. That's the same Norma can't that can't even get you your new contract the science yield delivered.
Even Stevie Wonder got it science yield and liberty can see two feet in front of his nose. Pretty sad Norma pretty weak. Here's a call from Lake Worth you think they're there. Hello.
Lake Worth. How do you like it so far? Great. Let's try Miami hello. Miami.
All right. Two for two. Yeah. Two for two. Excellent. You wanted calls. Maybe there you go. There's two of them. That's the only two we had.
Five. Some probably a couple of ditto heads. Five six seven O five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Man just like that guy said to the end of the show yesterday. How can you be in touch with what would the beat and the feel and everything at this time when you're doing the show out of time man I can feel I can smell it.
Boy I can hear it like I know it's last two. See I'm I don't mean it's a very you know compelling argument he makes but I'm not buying it.
Because the let me say it again the people who are progressive or liberal whatever word you want to use today whatever word is permissible to be used.
They're just that I mean you got old Jews you got far too you got some Hispanics but certainly not in South Florida. You got some facts that's it. That's all there is and some feminists like Martha Burke.
But as far as the mainstream I mean you're talking you know take a look again at that map.
Take a look at what most of the country is made up of.
Here's one in Miami hello. Okay. Yes sir have you ever seen that Christopher Lowell show. No you've never seen him. I didn't the Christopher Lowell I've seen him but I haven't seen it a show.
Okay. He's very flaming. You know Orlando Bosch is now an artist right. Great. Yeah. Yeah. He's an artsy guy and as far as Russia. Hope he does.
Okay great call. See what I'm saying there's three for three. Never change never gonna change. Great article Tom Hartman but obviously the place to start in South Florida I'll guarantee you that.
Oh forget about it. In addition just like our good friend Lynn Samuels anytime anybody of any importance puts a liberal on a year the right wingers drummed them off the air like they did to hurt W ABC that's what they do.
They call them a bitch and they moan and they scream and they complain and they do their usual right because that's what they want they want one voice on all day.
They want to control the whole media. These are the same people are screaming about the liberal media and that was supposed to be bad but it's okay if we have an all right wing controlled media and all that propaganda nonstop all day all along like the article said.
And for us on this show forget about it. But I'm you know I'm happy to read some of this stuff because there might be two or three people out there who you know it might absorb some of it and the rest of them are going.
When we talk about the dolphin game again what are we going to talk about the hero who is mad are we I guess you're only half blessed this week you know after the game on Sunday in Buffalo I guess really I'm the only half blessed.
Half blessed and half cursed which leaves us between Iraq and a very sad place 12 minutes after 11 at 560 WQM and you shop for quality footwear let me tell you something right now Brandy's is the only name that should pop into your mind immediately if not sooner because it brandy shoes you'll find an unbeatable combination.
People away don't you really give your personal service who no feet inside and out and you find the top names in the shoe business that unbeatable prices rock ports S.A.S. Spirys Timberland naturalizer and lots more which is why Brandy's been going strong for so many years and people keep coming back over and over again and usually by several periods time they come in because they know they can't get a better deal anywhere.
Brandy's is open daily nine to nine every Sunday 10 to five and you'll find them in their same great location 1290 North Federal Highway and Pompoon O'Beach and it's a great time to buy rock ports even better than usual of Brandy's because this week
pro walkers are only 4990 and all other great men's rock port styles are 20% off this week at Brandy's in prestigious Pompoon O'Beach.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Brandy's is a great place to be and it's not a big deal.
Andoliza, Andoliza, give her a new year with your fucking yellow teeth so far apart.
Andoliza, Andoliza, what you be doing.
Just be your fascist black head, broken schmutz and thaw.
Is you dead because you are at home who's lipply phone?
Is you deflactin and chammum air who be smart?
Does that like how you shine their shoes from the lethal?
All the way you are sent off the white is cause.
Georgia Junior say he trust you can't believe you.
You tell our allies of the greedy oil low but then he make you clean all the white house bathroom.
The cup of sea, the toilet and then scrub the floor.
They tell you your friends and all godly love.
Georgia Junior say he trust you can't believe you.
Georgia Junior say he trust you can't believe you.
He tell you your friends and all godly love.
Yeah, that last guy he was one of the ones who called it that was on a Friday I never forget it.
He was the one. Now there were a couple of them like back to back
Frickin' frack back to back play fart sounds
There you go
And then we'll go to our anti-right wing propaganda. How do you like that?
In between the fart sounds
Yeah, they can't handle it the fact that they're gonna be and you know what that bear is out
It was perfect timing because it bears out what I just got through reading that he said was so ponderous
Not because it was long it was ponderous because he don't agree with it
If it would have been some good right wing propaganda the same kind of stuff
He hears from diddle man. It would have been great. It would have been sensational
He'd have been nominate me for a Pulitzer prize
5670560. Pound 56 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
Ad Dogget one from Shulos. Hank from 3 to 7 with Patrick Sir Tan from 5 to 6 and he's certainly played a pretty crappy game on Sunday
Here's West Palm Beach. Hello
Is this Neil?
Yes
Yes
Yeah, I was listening to your sir your tool. We don't talk to old cockers on a show. Okay call up Randy
They don't talk to old cockers ever on a show
5670560 Pound don't ever put those people on their car
You know Carlos talks a good game about everybody else about Eric didn't do this and this one didn't do that
But in the meantime his performance lately between the guy from India and then this guy
On a scale of zero is like every treating in fact that next paycheck you think is coming sweetheart
I wouldn't cast spend a money too fast, okay
You better tell your drug dealer. It's gonna have to be on deferred payments from now on
Man, you see what I'm saying with him?
I don't what do you have he had Dennis on 42 times yesterday something like that. I mean get with it man
Get some of the cowboys you think he's going out there to smoke a bag if you're in those breaks in the morning
He's doing more than that
Yeah
He's taking it right up the old nostril and it's like you don't take camels up the nostril. I don't think
How that go. It's easy to get the camel through the eye of your nose
You say something like that
Here's for slaughter nail. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Good there your voice there and I don't know what it was your
What story or time out earlier I called about something else. I don't know anyone brought up the
Show awesome public last night. No, unless you watch that show or not. It's got some great issues
It would be great evolve. I just got kids had the watch that show and talk
It's about a couple things like breast implants for young girls
um
Things issues that are important and the one they have last night was a kid who wasn't too well in school
Being a daredevil they called the joke cool. He'd like find down buildings and stuff for attention
And each or got a sense that something wasn't right
And he went to go this and kid at his home to see hey, you know, not that the type was realized or maybe it doesn't
But the issue was important. He went there and some mother said oh
He's as faint since he's an ultra boy there. Oh, you can see where I'm going
He went there all the father the father was kind of acting weird
He uh, he's the kid came to him. He uh got hurt
He went to the scene the accident kid in a hospital or in the ambulance rather than he's going
You know, you know what's wrong. You know what's wrong because he confronted the kid and sure enough
He actually had that same freeze as a kid like 16 years before we did the same thing
So it was kind of like a clean all that emotion and bring up that
From him and the kid and he went back and said you did it to me
Don't you dare go near him again and the next episode
I'm sure it's gonna go into it further, but I mean there's no fact in the church
That is not fact in the church right I was waiting for that that is so kind of any guy is so sincere when he says
The honestly believes that I mean what planning is the on I don't know but that's also but you so every single night or every single
Whenever it's on I want that you learn a little something. I mean it's had all kinds of good
This is thought up the nigger word. They brought that all out for discussion
Um, just the great show last night regarding
Yeah, okay, I'll catch you next week
Thanks a lot. Yeah, what do you mean by that?
What do you say I doubt I don't know I've heard the name of the show, but what time is it on do you know?
No, see there you go
I've just never had any idea what it was all about a boat or where to help you find it or uh, you know what it what it is that
That's why he's so skeptical when I says I'll try to catch it next week see all piece such a skeptic
Maybe I will then the other hand who the hell knows
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Here's a call from homestead hello
Hey, man. Good morning. How are you very good?
Yeah, I met you a few years ago back when you used to do a rolling radio appearance at the dolphin came years ago
I used to do what yeah, I know if you used to do a
Live appearance and back in a with the rolling radio or a big
WI would be whatever the QAM radio no never did that
Okay, anyway, I was just calling uh
I'm not for breakfast today. I was talking to a buddy of mine. I would never bet
If he won the bet I would have to list a rush for about half an hour if I
If I uh what is better you have to listen to you why want he list new for about two hours. He was dying laughing
And I said okay, I listen to rush for about a half an hour. You know how do people believe that crap?
Because they're stupid because they're dumb
He's still beating about 20 and the hell you and all these other people in it
I mean if you I mean I couldn't list them one or two minutes I had this with the panel
It's just not really I know a lot of people
You said he's got a lot of fans
Jesus that doesn't allow for America millions millions and millions and millions
Nearly it is bad it is real
They're hanging on his every big fat disgusting lying word to hang out every second of the show
He's totally alive. I mean, you play with a common brain will figure it out
Well, don't confuse the American public with a facts mask too confusing for him
Have a great day and thanks for the voter confidence
Lotter rater rater. I mean let's face it. He's got a dynamic voice and he's a big bombastic bag of wind who
You know just keeps and it's it's the old thing you keep repeating the lie over and over again
And people pretty soon start believing it. I think I was Hitler to say that
I don't know what you're laughing about it was a garbled or somebody. I want to his henchman the same same difference
Gurgles
Gurgles 20 till noon
I was just gonna play that to girls the clown
20 till noon at five sixty just don't get excited Neil just relax it back in the chair
You got like Eric up there in Orlando is taking drugs. You got Bokobryan who's crazy. Then a bed bug and you got
Little Carlos there who's taking it up the nose, you know, what am I gonna do now?
Tell we're gonna do just just take the money that's all take the big or increase you got new contract there
Georgia just do I take her right to the bank
Take her right there on their opal lock and get some good crap
19 till noon at Q.A. and let me tell you where it gets some really good crap
And that's the pizza loft in fact Jeff Cohen will be glad to sit you down and tell you all about it
He knows his crap. I'll guarantee you that in fact
He's got stories that we couldn't even begin to tell you on the year here today or any day
But he'll probably tell you if you get real close with Jeff maybe he'll even share with you some of his secrets
And I'll take the secret to the success of the pizza lock is consistently delicious food
Big humongous portions and teeny tiny prices
Nothing about the pizza lock over the years. You know they raised prices a couple of pennies here
Couple of pennies there, but consistently very low prices and enough food for like two people in every serving generally
Every Monday at the pizza lock both locations is lasagna night every two day is a eggplant night
I won dinner is one of these days on these nights get the second for only five bucks. Did I say that right sure?
Every Wednesday kids eat free with it all second C.GF's famous magician
Thursday is bite night at the pizza lock come on a motorcycle by one dinner and get the second one for half price
All your favorite Italian dishes they got chicken dishes and veal and seafood three different kinds of great pizza every kind of pasta dish
Ever been invented Calzone super subs
Then I say three different kinds of pizza. Yes, I forgot to tell you about the great garlic rolls
Just dripping with garlic the best you've ever had in your mouth for take out our delivery in the daily area
And don't forget there right between Gryffit and 595 and the pizza lock plas are right behind here one imports tons of free parking there
For take out our delivery and catering there call 9 5 4 9 1 6 8 8 8 8 I wonder if he's seen skiply lately, you know
I
Saw
Who's skipy? Yeah, is he still alive? He's running around?
Damn it 954 916 80 80 and don't forget the great new the second-broward location for pizza lock right there in a quarter in
Abhilan sunrise net little strip shopping center in a corner behind that drugstore for take out our delivery there call
3 8 2 1999
3 8 2 1999 same great food same low prices you'll love it all at the world famous pizza lock
You
We're sports radio 560
U.A. Yeah
Shannon Ipopner if you like American Idol then you'll love the TV talent hunt for those willing to sell their sold their
Bestie it's
Seikoo's Idol
So
Seikoo's Idol if you thought Simon Cowell was evil he's nothing compared to the Friends of Darkness
That was horrible
Why are you wasting the else of Rob's time
You will never ever be a star unless you let your eternal soul to me
Find out who's willing to make a deal with the devil for start-em fame and fortune don't miss Satan vital you'll be 10 if you do
I'm 47 and 560 WQ AM see I was eating out like a little reverb there at the end of it. I like that
As opposed to the
Exactly
Anyway, you know that fact that nearly that semi-francic facts from Troy Stratford about the Pombo Park
Copping in the spot. There's no Pombo Park spot. No, no, he mentioned that he said this is for tomorrow
Oh my god, what a maniac you know must be in the day ahead
Must be getting to him anyway Arthur faxes me a note here and says
Uh Boston Public Monday 8 to 9 p.m. on Fox brilliantly and with much exaggeration written by David Kelly of the practice
Well, thank you. I'll at least now I know when he'll it's on and we're on Fox which I can see on a Fox Buffalo station
How do you like that? There you go. I've seen it a couple times. It's not bad at all
Boston Pubek
380 votes on the pool do you support affirmative action? Ye or nay
No, those must qualify should always come first 315
88 to 2.8 percent yes 44 11 and a half percent only for college admissions 21 5 and a half percent
Overwhelming the answer is oh no can't cut the mustard go uh, you know cook some cook some cook some burgers at burger king
With a big half price deal. You see that there's some at half price. Yeah
Not low enough that means you can die twice as fast
Here's the call from Daniel being chill out
Neil how you doing okay? No, you've always been a champion for all that right and just down here in South Florida in fact almost nationally
But you've always done an excellent job now you need to get onto a new crusade Neil
Larry Koko will head coach for coach of the year. Okay great. Now he's he's a chronic sports asshole like I
It's not a fake voice. That's him
Close the sports yours. Yeah, let's get into the sports stuff with his brain go back where you came from okay
We're gonna turn you into the queen you jackass
How do you do that? Legic one?
His problem was too much spotted dick. That was his problem and
Too much totem the old rectum hole
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18t
See one thing about the sports nerds van nothing will they tear them from their appointed rounds because that's the important crap
Make no mistake about it
Here's North Dave hello
Yes, sir, okay listen a little bit nervous. Okay, so so work with me
All right, I would have called yesterday, but but I was nurse of my vicious hangover from the dolphin game
And okay, yeah, and so anyway, so I wanted to call today because on Sunday morning
I guess around 7 a.m. I was you know in my car. I'll go grab the morning paper and
I hear Zimphra on the radio and Josie on the radio and somebody else. I don't know who it was
And they were talking about how if his manage gonna you know do the buffalo game with the you know
With the windows open and the person says to Zimphra
I don't think so I don't think the other thing he's the one in charge or has me say about that and and Zimphra goes
Don't even get me started on that
So
Fireport so I let you know going on. Thanks
You
Was that profound or what huh what well? I know you figured what all of that build up there
There was gonna be something like really profound and something
Yeah
Even Zimphra's life is more profound than whatever this punk just said that was that was great little spy report
Oh
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty now. Why do you think I'm gonna believe that calls from Sarasota?
Here's Sarasota. Hello Neil calling from the old green line
The green line the green line used to be on I think it was S.U. in back in the day. Oh, yeah
That's right. Just want to let you know we're still enjoying you over here in Sarasota via the internet when we can and
You really you really are in Sarasota in Sarasota. I feel so sorry for you. No, believe me. It's pretty bad
But we still enjoying you we catch you when we can on the internet and keep up the good work
Do they still have that Columbia restaurant over there right on Santa
Merlin Circle right absolutely. I'll be damned and I drink a lot of sound
Make a lot of sangria net plays 30 years ago
Absolutely, hey, keep up the good work. Okay. Say hi to Snooki Lansing force over there WS PB
Well, that station's out on there anymore. He's probably dead. That's terrible, isn't he's probably dead by now
Who he used to be my boss at WS PB in Sarasota
1973 clip Lansing Snooki was to go out now his name was Cliff Lansing
I thought we used to call him behind his back
Snooki Lansing who used to be on your hit parade
Kind of a Yahoo singer guy
I think you remember your hit parade was only like 30 years before you were born
Which is all Mackenzie and Russell Arms and Snooki Lansing and the Dorothy Collins
What a memory, huh? Yeah, they used to advertise lucky strikes. I think on that show when you just cigarette advertising was a okay on TV was kosher
Carlos would like that. They could have watched him all puff away and them the faggot's right there
Would have inspired me to go out there and light him up twice as fast
Smoke one out of each side of his purse kind of like Jacques Quetzienne does here
5 6 7 I'm getting a scratchy throat. I did it is beautiful out there though. I'll tell you now
I think I'm gonna be okay
Let's see. Oh look at that already. It's up to minus 11 now. Let's see what that is in a conversion chart here
Thanks again, Sean and we're gonna be all the way up to minus seven today
Which is 19 above the Fahrenheit. That's not too bad in it not bad minus 11 is 12
It's already 12 degrees plus 12 Fahrenheit. So what's wrong with that? Don't be a pussy go out there in the mingle with the crowds
Well, they're in shop until you drop go down the eating center and eat until you can't eat no more
And that may be the eating center yet the eating center right. Oh
Here's a call from Miami Beach. Hello
Miami Beach
Going once
Adios. Do a good job Carlos make no mistake about it. We want to refund here's West Palm Beach. Hello
Who? Neil yes, sir
Uh two things David Kelly Boston public pick offenses
All these shows you usually talked about social and political issues all of these things and the other thing and he's a hockey guy from Boston
Wow, like that and the Mandarin Chinese buffet. It's up in Toronto. Let me check that out. Yeah
Mandarin Chinese buffet. Where is it?
Uh, I just a little more up to the city if I was just up there a couple weeks ago at the eating center and a buddy in mind truck
Me there was about 10 minutes from downtown. It's called Mandarin Chinese buffet excellent Chinese. They got all kinds of good stuff there
Check it out. Okay, thanks. Thanks. Yeah, I don't understand what he just said
He said he was at the eating center at Simmons North of the city
I don't do you follow what he was saying? Well, you wouldn't because you don't know what he's talking about
Well anyway, I'll check it out. I'll get to the phone book and find out where that is
I just can't find good Chinese even though they got like three Chinatowns here
Because we have so many Chinese people and people from all over the world
And you know something they all speak English and pretty much everybody gets along
It's just amazing just astonishing. I realize it's certainly isn't in the vocabulary in South Florida
It's kind of hard to hate everybody when they're all smiling at you like being polite and uh, you know speaking the same language
It's kind of hard to fight a reason to hate anybody
Everybody is so damn polite. I used to think that maybe they were a little bit too polite. I've changed my mind on that
5 6 7 oh, I got some more stuff for the new now, but I figured we take some of these rate calls George
Here's you want to you want to orchestrate the show
But you know you enjoy the bedtime stories a lot of people out there in the audience don't well
For those right those right wingers who want to hear a lot of right wing propaganda like that guy
That's right. They don't want to hear this stuff the audience
They don't want that that sort of was too ponderous because it was too true because it struck right heart right to heart your heart
Just like a Dracula man like driving a stake through his right wing heart through the right ventricle
Whatever the hell that is here's for Lauderdale. Hello
Go. Yes, sir. Yeah, this is Chuck a colony before a lot of them. Yes, Chuck
Yeah, I actually knew down in this area Connecticut. Um, oh don't don't unpack Chuck. You don't want to stick around too long
This is one strange place
But anyway, I comment on a general American voting public you cannot underestimate the voting public in his country
I mean, these are the percent people who voted for Reagan twice
Yeah, once was bad enough. They went ahead and do it again. They love it
Well, they'd like to read they like to recession so much that they made sure they had another one under his vice president
Why exactly George did it W's do it again, right?
Poverty copies they can they why they can't understand what happened
So
Exactly good luck
So tired of the rush-hows out there nice. There's somebody saying something else for a change
Okay, pal, don't unpack whatever you do
Okay, you'll need it. There's a guy from Connecticut. What else he doing and so forth probably got there got lost in a highway
You know what snow burdened it probably oh
Brother so sorry pal, believe me another six weeks. You'll learn to hate it
Like a jackass that set up quality of the show. Well, how come you're in Toronto? How can we do the show for MAMSTEM?
Because soft floor to blows, okay, and because they built me these studios and I like it. Okay, did do I have to answer to that guy?
Yes, answer. Okay. That's my answer
That's well to one hour
Oh
I'm
They
for you, with President Thum's s**t.
I'm not gonna f**k you.
Oh, what I can do about those smalls,
and get to we all voted for.
If you want this, don't go long.
If this drum and stupid me,
don't go long.
I'm this drunk and rich kid.
Don't go long, he's even,
number them me.
He's President Thum's s**t.
Yeah, don't care what it's all.
You got him in by hook or cross,
the Chris is wrong.
Oh, what best for you and I,
but how come don't fear?
We got a great leader here.
With President Thum's s**t.
President Thum's s**t.
President Thum's s**t.
Probably one of five sixty WQM's
are big new to one hour.
Bankruptcy talks, stirs Boston Catholics.
A newspaper report that the Boston Catholic Arts
Bankruptcy is considering filing bankruptcy
rather than face years of cost to legal battles.
Over hundreds of claims that pre-sexual abuse children
has sparked fewer among parishioners and litigants.
I think it's a cowardly act and they ought to face the music
and do the right things in one parishioner.
Sublegal analysts suggested the report might reflect a legal tactic
on the part of the art's diocese,
designed to pressure plaintiffs into agreeing to lower settlements.
Uh-huh.
The report came on the eve of the expecting filing today
of thousands of pages of documents that will describe in graphic detail
the sexual offenses that dozens of Boston area priests
are accused of said Eric McLean and Attorney representing dozens of plaintiffs.
Well, I have all of that for eight of them.
I'll be there in detail in the newspapers,
and especially in a Boston Globe.
I guarantee there will be pages and pages in a Boston Globe.
McLean said the documents would provide extensive evidence
that church authorities moved accused priests from parish to parish
where they prayed that's with an EYED they prayed on children.
McLean said he would ask to depose Cardinal Bernard large
bishop of Boston based on these new documents in the coming weeks.
Law would not be required to give their positions in such cases
if the art's diocese would occur bankruptcy.
See, that's another thing.
It's not just a financial thing.
All of a sudden, uh, mums the word.
A church spokeswoman played down the possibility
but did not deny such a move could occur.
The reports that were in the media today are speculative and premature to say
that Lee said, Don Amarissi.
Lawyers were the Church of Inn in mediation with 40 lawyers
representing some 450 led sexual abuse victims.
Bankruptcy would end those efforts and halt consideration of the case
for at least several months.
If it filed for bankruptcy, the Boston Archdiocese
would gain a simpler, more defined process.
A cutoff for the finding claims would be imposed.
And the creditors would be assembled into a single class
since he and an illegal analyst, Kendall Coffee.
For he's sure making a round.
He's everywhere.
I thought he was hanging out in front of Ilyans house.
It would also mean that Cardinal Law would not be required
to give further pre-trial depositions or release sensitive files
and documents.
On the other hand, it doesn't eliminate the possibility
of the ability of people to proceed against individuals
such as Cardinal Law himself, Coffee said.
Removing control over the Church's destiny from the Vatican
and placing it in the hands of a U.S. Bankruptcy judge
would be an unprecedented move that could have negative
consequences for the Church Coffee said.
A plaintiff's attorney told CNN there was little possibility
the arse dices would indeed seek bankruptcy protection
since doing so would require it to lay bear its finances.
Oh, that's the last thing they want to do.
A Boston Globe study estimated the minimal value
of properties owned by the arse dices at $1.3 billion
more than 10 times the predicted cost of the settlements.
Uh-huh.
So in other words, where is the credibility?
You know what I'm saying?
$1.3 billion.
They shouldn't want to have to sell all of that stuff up.
There's no facts in the church.
Well, we know that.
We're broke, but don't look at our money.
New law requires high schools to cooperate with Pentagon
on recruiting.
A little notice provision in a new federal education law
is requiring high schools to hand over military recruiters
some key information about its juniors and seniors,
name, address, and phone number.
The Pentagon says the information will help
it recruit young people to defend their country,
but the new law disturbs parents and administrators
in some liberal communities.
They aren't exactly gun law about the armed forces.
Some say the law violates students' privacy and creates
a moral dilemma over the military's don't ask don't tell policy on gaze.
I find it appalling that the school has sent the odd letters to do the job
of the military said Amy Lang, the parent of a student at Cambridge Ridge and Latin
school, where Koch was once banned in protest that's Koch with a capital C.
Koch or Cola was once banned in a protest against the soda's giant investments
in apartheid South Africa.
It is clearly an invasion of my daughter's privacy, she be saying.
The no-child left behind law, sign-laced January,
pumps billions into education, but also gives military
recruits access to the names, addresses, and phone numbers of students
in 22,000 schools.
The law also says that schools must give the military the same access to their campuses
that businesses and college recruiters enjoy.
School systems that failed to comply could lose federal money.
The measure also applies to private schools receiving federal funding,
but Quaker schools and others that have a religious objection
in military service can get out of the requirement.
Students and parents who oppose the law can keep their information
of being turned over to the military, but they must sign and return an opt-out form.
And of course, if you sign one of those, there's a little three in the morning,
knock on your door.
Right.
Oh, God.
Rice deploys your man counter-figure Abrams to head NSC's midi section.
The rank counter-figure Elliott Abrams, who received a pardon
from the first president Bush for his role in the scandal and served
in the White House for over a year, has been promoted to a key post among the current
group of President Bush's national security aides.
There was a word missing there, but I'll stuck it right in.
Well, that's from the Tampa Bay news paper.
What do you expect?
What is that paper?
Tampa Tribune.
Abrams was appointed to leave the National Security Council's office
for New East and North African Affairs.
The senior directored job oversees Arab-Israeli relations and US efforts to
promote peace in the troubled region.
Right.
His appointment, which does not require Senate confirmation, was announced yesterday by Bush's
national security adviser, Condoleezza Rice.
An assistant secretary, state-during the Reagan administration, Abrams was a fierce
advocate of armed support for Nicaragua and rebels.
Despite Congress's ban on military aid to the so-called Congress, he pleaded guilty
in 1991 to do Mr. Mead or Council with holding information from Congress.
In court, Abrams admitted he kept information from two committees in 1986 when he testified
about his knowledge of the secret Congress' supply network and about his role in soliciting
a $10 million contribution for the Congress from the Sultan of Brunei.
Abrams received a Christmassy pardon from President George Herbert Walker Bush in 1992.
So let's bring back all the criminals and water criminals like Henry Kissinger, right, and Elliott Abrams.
Maybe on the north, his terror, that radio show, maybe even stick him in there somewhere
until he forgets he Gordon.
Right.
Maybe he can eat all the rats that are bugging him at the White House.
On a lighter note, I mean, this is still disturbing.
Too much disturbing stuff for the holidays, man, you're right.
Tomorrow we go back to the same old crap, okay?
Why?
I'm not doing the show for you.
I'm doing it for the vast audience out there.
The masses, okay?
I'm pitching in.
I'm getting ahead of it.
Oh, I see.
Oh, I didn't understand.
I thought that was an editorial comment.
It was the New York Racing Association is investigating whether an Aqueduct Security Guard tried to tip off a racetrack giveaway promotion of $1,000 of dollars in prize money.
The New York Daily News has learned the promotion was the mystery mutual voucher giveaway.
Her last Friday didn't have a grand prize of 10 grand and investigation is underway concerning a security officer assigned to the backstretched aqueduct,
whose responsibility is the mail run starting in the morning and early afternoon, the Racing Association Director of Security John Tierney said.
I wonder if he was related to Gene Tierney, you think?
About a month ago, Mr. Mutual vouchers were sent to the 43,000 fans on the Association's mailing list.
Last Friday, fans brought their ticket to the track to redeem vouchers worth anywhere from 2 to 10 grand, $2 to 10 grand.
The vouchers were redeemed either from a mutual clerk or automated machines and fans could then be reimbursed and cash or could wage a divide with their tickets.
Race track employees are ineligible for nir-responsive prizes and are not supposed to be on promotional mailing lists.
Sources said the security guard allegedly collected 30 to 40 envelopes that have been returned to the track as undeliverable, then took the vouchers and cashed them in the automated machines.
Most of the vouchers were worth $2, but then the guard hit the jackpot, finding the $10,000 grand prize voucher sources said.
Nice. That's pretty lucky, you know what?
Yep. The probe is the second scandal to rock the horse racing industry in recent weeks.
Last month, computer was Chris Harn, pleaded guilty to masterminding the rigging of a $3 million off-track vetting went on the breeder's cup pick six, then using the winnings to pay off his mortgage in car loan.
Thank God there's no hanky panky in a horse racing business. Thank the Lord for that. Something we can trust.
Speaking of that, speaking of things we can trust, you thought that the other story was long?
Yeah. David Lieberman in yesterday's USA Today.
Millions of pirates are plundering satellite TV, direct TV and echo star fight back in court and electronically.
Now we don't know anybody would do anything like that, do we? No, not me.
That would steal like with those illegal cards and things like that? Scoundrels, scallywags, scumbags.
I think a step lower than the people that steal cable TV.
And I guarantee we don't have anybody in this audience that is doing that. We have an upstanding crowd out there.
Don't we? 406 votes on the pool. Do you support affirmative action? No. Those most qualified should all you see. I really blew this. You know, I never really thought about it.
I was going to really, oh, I hear it is affirmative. Yeah, see that would have been good. Yeah.
Well, it's not too late now. Do you support affirmative action? No. Those most qualified should always come first.
337 82.3%. Yes, 50. 50 people support affirmative action. That's 12.2%. And 22 people say only for college admissions.
That's 5.3% to support affirmative action for college admission only. That's going on. I should we love you. Whatever happened to her?
Or should it probably be on one of those inside the behind deals for you soon?
11 minutes past noon at 560 WQ AM. I'll tell you Carlos is doing a hell of a job there on the phones.
Eric is doing a spectacular job on the website. Let's me the holidays, you know what?
Volker Brand is doing a phenomenal job of being depressing. Is he there yet? No. Well, when he comes waddling in there,
just slap him across the top of the head for me. Maybe not some say, all would probably be wearing a big wig.
As a protective piece today, you know something I wouldn't blame him. What a moron. You know what?
I mean, great talent, but a bozo, Mr. D. Pression, Mr. Sad sack. Don't ever call me again, Brian.
2 people on my list, PD Lenny and Volker Brian. Don't ever call me again.
I was right at the edge of my balcony looking down all those floors, you know, right? I was close. I was right in the air. Don't do it.
It's the most wonderful time of the year. So they say, but if you're in need of a new mattress and short on time,
you certainly don't want to be schlepping all over town fighting the traffic, the lines of parking crazy shoppers. No chance.
Then do what I always do. What George did and what even Miguel did called dial a mattress toll free 1-800-Matrus.
Dial a mattress makes it so easy to buy a bed. Just make the one easy call 1-800-Matrus right now.
In an expert bed in consultant, we'll help you pick out the right bed at the best possible price.
The ordering process takes less than five minutes on average. Don't be fooled by the store so-called sales.
Dial a mattress offers great low prices every day with no sugar or Michelle games. Dial a mattress carries the areas largest inventory of Celi.
Soda, Simmons, a king-crawl mattress is ready for same day delivery. They care about your bedding and watch it have a great night's sleep.
Like I've been doing for years now with my dial a mattress. If you're expecting company for the holidays, check the mattress in your guest room.
If you do need a new one called dial a mattress right now, it'll be there in no time at all at 1-800-Matrus.
It was a lot easier knowing your holiday guest will be sleeping and comfort.
Avoid the holiday shoppers. Don't waste time schlepping all over town looking for a deal. For the best deal anywhere called dial a mattress, 1-800-Matrus for the easiest possible way to buy a bed.
Be sure and tell me that old Neal and Fatboy and George and Miguel and the whole of the Gatsamish Borre, put a need to call dial a mattress, 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
Line and local time here, sports radio 560-US-U-A-M.
Matt, what's up with you, God from a sport call?
You love her, you need her, you can't live without her.
She's your...
This Christmas, give her the gift of Middle-Earth craftsmanship. Give her a shiny bit of old gold from Lord of the Rings Jewelers.
I am the Dark Lord Sword, can I help you?
Uh, yeah, let's see, do you have three rings for the Elven King?
Of course!
Ray, and seven rings for the Dark Lords?
Just got to ship it this morning!
Oh, God, and nine for mortal man?
You're in a lot there, I'm saying, what are the else?
Uh, yeah, what about one ring to rule them all?
Not yet!
More than the rings, Jewelers, it's more than Jewelry, it's more door Jewelry!
1216, oh, that's got like a long tail on it, you know?
1216-560-WDQ-I-M.
I'm not going to go do that story about the piracy on the satellite, because nobody cares about that.
Right, you think?
Nobody cares about that.
Nobody cares about that, they're all stealing them anyway if they can.
And they're stealing from us.
And at the very end of it, where the hell is it?
At the very end of the story, I put a way to- I can't find it now!
Why did you put it so far down your pile, you jackass, here it is!
It's interesting because it says, uh, now who are they talking about?
Direct TV is cracking down on users who believe they're stealing the signals.
It recently began to send letters threatening to prosecute thousands of people
whose names turned up on invoices of raided companies.
To avoid being charged with a crime they must pay direct TV, 4,500 bucks.
That is said, it's chilled through the hacker underground.
Some say direct TV is also bullying people who didn't steal its services.
Some people order these products or no doubt guilty, but direct TV has no way of knowing that
sedalaceable law centers Jeffrey Wylens, who was seeking class action status for a lawsuit against the satellite company in L.A. Superior Court.
They're carpet bombing in a parasitic area, one or two enemy strongholds.
It's a classic shakedown.
Direct TV disputes that, whereas dead sure as dead sure can be,
that there's a violation in these people are stealing, they say,
you'd be astonished at some of the names that have come out of this.
People who have a lot to lose in terms of their social status.
See, that's why I don't understand.
And I'll be first to tell you that years ago, when I got my first satellite dish,
see, because satellite dealers are most of them shady people, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, most of them.
I don't want to say all of them, because that would be bad, even though it might be true.
But, yeah, it's kind of a shady business. Sub-Rosa.
Kind of like people have petaled drugs, George.
Who?
So anyway, a few years ago, I mean, you know, they had the illegal chips and the this and that.
And it kind of like came when you bought your system, you know,
well, here's this and it's not technically legal, but don't worry about it.
But after a period of time goes by and you realize when you're making a few bucks like some of us are,
which leaves you guys out, but you just it's not worth it.
Because it doesn't really cost all that much to subscribe in the first place.
Right.
So it's just not worth it.
But I think in LA what they're talking about is maybe some hot shot movie stars and multi-multi-millionaires are using, you know, illegal cards and stuff like that.
Wouldn't they be embarrassing?
That's not just embarrassing. It's not right. It's stupid.
Speaking of embarrassing and stupid, Florida Panthers left wing Peter Royal,
received a 10-day jail sentence when you were probation in a five-year suspension of his driver's license after
playing the no contested DUI, driving out of the influence.
Broward County judge Joel Lazarus issued the penalties yesterday.
What did I call him Lazarus?
I said, Lazarus.
Lazarus good.
Ordering morale to report to jail April 7, 2003, at A.F. to the Panthers regular season finale.
What if they make the playoffs?
Royal was arrested June 16 in charge with DUI property damage leaving the scene of an accident and criminal mischief.
He also received traffic citations for failing to use due care, expired tags and no proof of insurance.
Other than that he was okay.
Royal was not available for comment yesterday.
He's a fine person and a good guy in the community.
Panthers general manager Rick Dudley said he's made a mistake and I do think he's learned from it.
Royal was convicted in 1998 of DUI, and lost his license for six months, attended DUI school and performed 50 hours of community service.
He's got one goal on team high 62 penalty minutes for the Panthers this season.
And I'll say it again, he's a hockey player like my little dog is a brain surgeon.
But don't tell the South Florida community that because they wouldn't know hockey player if he's high stick them into push.
That South Florida for you.
The real sports experts speaking of sports.
You love this story.
American football players spray themselves with non-stick oil.
This is a true story from Montana, I heard.
For American footballers at university may be disciplined after spraying themselves with non-stick cooking oil.
It's believed the oil may have prevented opponents in the game from effectively tackling them.
The Sacramento State players are accused of applying the substance to their uniforms during a game against Montana University.
Montana won the game anyway 3124.
Sacramento State athletic director Terry Wannlis told the Sacramento Bee that the coaches had no knowledge of the situation.
Mr. Wannlis told the paper this can create a lot of humor for us.
In fact, I think the charges against us won't stick.
Head coach John Volak added this is the first time to my knowledge this has happened.
It'll be the last time it takes place. God dang it.
Sacramento State can also face punishment from legal officials if it's determined that the coaches knew what was occurring.
Well, the side depended on who we find at the bottom of the pile.
Lee Commissioner Doug Ford can say I think it's a serious ethical breach.
It's a planned activity.
They were spraying themselves with Pam.
How do you like that?
She's pretty pissed off about that.
I wonder what suds start about it.
5 6 7 0 5 60 and of course you realize it's tabloid Tuesday.
I haven't got any of my stuff because I had it yesterday and we never got to that either because my pile was so thick.
I got thick piles.
Let's take a call from Miami Beach.
Hello.
I said on the right line would be good.
Miami Beach.
Hello, is Ginger Roger something?
Yes, speaking.
Hi. How are you? What happened tomorrow? Why are you off his case?
I'm not off his case. He's small potatoes. There's nothing new to tell you.
Oh my God. I saw this guy on the internet. His picture. I can truly believe why you were...
Why have we...
Sit with a guy.
No, no. Seeing his picture doesn't tell you anything.
It tells you nothing about him. We're here.
You described his clothing. So I'll picture the clothing into his face.
Okay, great. Have a nice day, chronic.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60. All along, God, he reminded me.
We haven't played any mobits today.
Or like...
Maybe because that whole thing about mobits that the CD, maybe because that's because I got like a brain lock on it.
Did Vokar Brand show up yet?
No.
No.
Wouldn't surprise me if he turns around right on the highway and goes back where he came from and hides for a couple of months.
Wouldn't surprise me at all.
Ungrateful piece of turd.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T.
See, he's too busy concerning with Eric up there in Orlando.
They got through all business going up there. The only problem is it's not functioning.
See?
Like, if you get a partner and you go into business and you open up a store, the only problem is there's no merchandise inside.
And nobody is there. No financial transactions taking place.
Did we hear that kind of business?
Yeah. Here.
Yeah, well, we've got it going.
Those two.
Here's Boyton Beach. Hello.
Yeah, yes, sir.
Second time crawling like 10 years.
Okay.
Your number one swathe is that the term?
Swathe, yeah.
Yeah, your number one was bad.
Your number one was bad.
The smoke is good enough for us. We understand.
All right.
We got you.
We'll let you know the great article you read about what's going on in the broadcasting.
Oh, yeah. By Rush Limbaugh and his right wing crap about the fact that there are no progressive broadcasters anywhere.
And it's very sad.
And of course, there's no audience for us either because you see the kind of calls we get.
Nothing.
Of course.
The liberal broadcasters don't.
Yeah.
We're done, man. We're working.
By the way, at least the bridge is not that guy name is.
Yeah.
Should I get any action on any more?
Because he's dead, man.
Really? Is she be dead?
Oh, no.
But her voice lingers on. That would be nice to be verbat the end of it.
Well, since you mentioned that I'll play it a lot more often.
All right.
Keep her alive.
Yes, sir.
Okay. Thanks, brother.
Oh, you got it.
See you.
That's so. That's so.
That's so.
Come on. One more time for the West Coast, Alicia.
That's so.
As he did, you know that she was dead?
No, I didn't.
And you and I.
So we just learned something here on the show.
That's two things we learned today.
Shocking.
425 votes.
Do you support affirmative action?
Which the Supreme Court has taken up this week?
I think tomorrow they start.
No, those most qualified should always come first.
350.
82.3%.
And then say, uh-uh.
No, thanks.
Yes.
51.12%.
And only for college admissions.
24.5.6%.
So it is overwhelming.
If you're qualified, if you got the brains, if you got the ability.
Great.
Come on in.
Otherwise.
Good luck to you.
We'll see it.
Booger King.
How can.
How might do people go there?
I mean McDonald's I can understand.
I don't like McDonald's, but I can eat it like an Amsterdam.
Because I know what I'm going to get.
And it's.
It's tolerable.
It's greasy.
It's not great.
But it's something, you know.
Right.
It fills that empty cavity.
And it's quick.
But burger king.
I mean, the good year tire company.
They must take all their like retreads.
What do they call it?
The ones that are like off, uh, you know what I mean?
Right.
No retreads.
Retreads.
And then they must pedal like a wholesale to them.
Because if ever anybody soles meat that tasted like rubber.
It's burger king.
I mean, oh.
God.
Horrible stuff.
Now, haven't we been through this before?
Sure we have.
And what did you say?
Did you admit to me that you waited burger king?
Not for years.
And it was little.
And it was nasty, nasty, little things that they pass off as onion rings.
Right.
Those little brown things that they call rings.
My God.
I've seen better rings around the bowl.
Back home.
Yeah, that too.
Oh, brother.
That's a freaking onion.
In fact, if you people go out there to burger king because they're doing this big half price thing.
They try to, you know, chip into McDonald's because I guess their business is down.
And they, and you buy onion rings and they hand you, which I know what they're going to hand you.
That same usual crap.
Just look at them and say, you called us a freaking onion ring.
Huh?
And we want to report.
We want to know exactly what they tell you.
Okay.
I just love to hear it.
You call that a born again penis?
Well, whatever.
That one just happened to pop up.
26 past noon at 560.
We're changing the world here on QIM.
Oh, let's talk about some ball games.
Let's talk about the G. Fiedler.
Let's talk about the Huracun's man.
And aren't we blessed?
Seriously, this is a six station really is.
Very sick.
Have you noticed that?
Yeah.
Long time ago.
Very, very, very sick.
And let's look at bits that I was wrong.
At the end of the show, I said we had no women yesterday.
I forgot that one.
Oh, remember that product called in?
Oh, let's, we all have a project here, Neil.
And you're just the one to get everybody started.
Let's everybody in South Florida with Kenny Dorsey in the Heisman trophy.
How could we forget that call?
From that word.
So we got it.
Simple and bitch.
Probably got a Kendoorcy blow up doll right next to her Larry Coker, Bobblehead doll.
God almighty honey.
Get you one.
Get you a good cucumber at Publix.
1227 at 560.
And by the way, Ken Dorsey is ugly as sin.
He really is gross.
I just mentioned that in passing.
It's not, they make a big difference.
1227 at 560 WQA M Let's Face it.
You've heard us talk about fast train until you got fast train coming out of your ears.
Well, the facts are very, very uncomplicated.
They're simple.
If you want to get out of your dead end job, if you want to start making some bucks.
If you have that indication, fast train can provide you with all the necessary training you need to become a certified computer professional.
Get into a real career, make some serious bucks.
According to the experts at Time Magazine and they really know they're a Schmidt, the demand for computer professionals will continue to explode.
The average student completes the training in just four short months, attending school three nights a week.
What's you completed your certification?
Fast train will assist you in getting you a new computer job.
Fast train invites you to come on in, visit their train career counselor, and determine which track is ideal for you.
Is it aqueduct Belmont?
Maybe it's Roosevelt Raceway, rest in peace.
Call a fast train tool for you to one maybe yonkers.
1-866 fast train to set up an appointment.
And maybe freehold.
Four convenient locations for you so there's one to be one near value.
Maybe the middlelands.
Kendall, Miami, power of pines, and Fort Lauderdale.
Maybe Sarah Togan.
Don't forget to ask their career counselor for listed students just like yourself or currently in their dream jobs.
Thanks to the nifty training they got at fast train.
Say goodbye to your Burger King hamburger or a flippin' job.
And get you some real training and start making some serious cash.
You can get a great new job before spring.
Recall fast train right out of get started.
1-866 fast train.
That's 1-866 fast train, date of coffee October 21.
My life and look all this is 420-560.
You ain't too way.
There are fair.
See you tomorrow, how it?
Oh yeah, yeah, you two work out the uh, have a good day of paradise.
Okay.
There get lost, you're f**king a part of me.
Hey, you Howard David.
Yeah, that's right.
Starris stage green and paradise.
Say, you look like we'll chamber it.
Dad's goes, I IS will chamber it.
Yeah, but you're dead, dude.
Sure you might not get behind the car.
Oh, I thought.
Why?
I said get move.
What do you want to, what do you, what do you, what do you require?
Get back, I'm hollering.
Hey, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get off the merchandise.
Scream, all you want is gold.
All right, all right.
Someone but the smokers down here in the garage.
Okay.
What do you require of me?
I require you to drive your pants.
Now, I'm not see here, right now.
I want those pants, drop it off down there.
Hey, you like it?
No, I'm not.
Okay, I'm gonna trunk here.
That's that nice.
I said, bend over now.
Yes, hmm.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Now, um, that's squeal like a pig.
Squeal like a pig.
Sweeeeeeeerrrr.
That's it, that's kinda nice.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I got, where you going?
Don't I get it, didn't I?
We'll shabel it.
He retouch it.
That!
Don't 33, I'm glad I got caught in a reminder.
I mean, we wouldn't have no mobites today.
What a reason we don't have any new mobites is because Bill Cabrine is having nervous breakdown.
But you'll get him straightened out today, won't you?
I'm gonna shake him.
So, anyway, in the inquirer, if you gotta have this, this is another one you gotta pick up at publics and lease leaf through it.
Page 20 this week's inquirer, at least next week, December next month's inquirer.
The one you'll get in about four months.
Enrique Iglesias' night of terror.
I'm just sitting here while I'm playing.
And there's a picture of Enrique who looks, he looks like him, he looks good, like he always does.
And then there's a picture of model Emma Jones, you know who she is?
No.
Blonde?
Oh, that never was it down.
Well, no, I'm just saying she's a blonde.
And if you let me finish, besides getting so whosciotic, from the chin down, I mean, from the bottom of the chin.
Because even the chin is bad.
She is sensational.
I give her about a 42 from the chin down.
The face, she's gotta be one of the me assisters.
I mean, she is so ugly.
All the way to your marginal face sometimes, I don't know.
And I was sticking to myself if you could put Enrique's head on her body.
I know it would be unusual.
Make a hell of a movie, I'll take it that.
You see what I'm saying?
I'm looking her up.
Emma Jones.
In other words, what I'm trying to say is he's a lot prettier than she is.
Although she's got, I mean, she's got boobs here that are just, I don't know if they can possibly be real.
And you can basically see the one, maybe she's only, in fact, I think she's only got one.
Maybe she's kind of Mariah Carey, you know, maybe that's where her other one went.
Or is that underwear puss?
Now, seriously, I'm looking at this thing and it looks to me like she's just got one breast.
Because the other, the other part of her bra is like flat.
You know what I mean?
You don't see anything.
You got to, you got to get the inquirer.
In fact, what happened with our buddy that's sending all the tabloids over there?
Let's go.
We don't want to be a bunch of freeloaders over there, but let's get the good stuff.
So I don't know what to do.
Even Carlos can take a puke at it.
You'd see exactly what I'm talking about.
If you saw this one, one tremendous breast.
I mean, it almost is worth the price of emission.
But the other one appears to be missing.
Anyway, Latin Heartthrob is attacked twice in the same evening.
Poor Enrique.
Latin Heartthrob Enrique the greasy is nearly lost as good looks when angry strangers target
at his face in two terrifying attacks in one night.
Want to say let's swung a bottle at the popular singer's head, but was stopped.
An hours later, another sock Enrique in the jaw.
It was quite a shock for him, revealing insider.
He's a low-keyed guy.
He doesn't go out looking for trouble, but twice in a few hours it came looking for him.
Enrique's moment of terror came on November 14th at the MTV Europe Awards in Bartholona,
where he was partying with pals and some of the top names in music.
Attack number one came in a VIP or in the luxury hotel arts,
overlooking the city's Ritzi Marina.
Insiders say Enrique and his pals were caught in the middle of when a wild west-style brawler
ruptured and one drink crazed guest picked up a heavy booze bottle and swung it at Enrique's
push. His face that is miraculously and alert security guards standing near the singer
pounced and grabbed the thugs arm just as he was about to connect.
Can you envision this now? Sure, good tea.
Just inches away from Enrique's push, but Enrique was so shaken he fled with his pals
to escape the mayhem.
Hours later Enrique walked out of an elevator in the hotel and right into attack number two.
He was sitting for the bar of the hotel with gorgeous English model Emma Jones on his arm.
When the two men started hurling insults at him revealed the insider.
It looked like they were jealous of Enrique who was with Emma,
although he's been dating tennis beauty Anna-Cornicova lately.
Right. Right.
Suddenly one of the, are you guys ever going to get it or not?
Jennifer Lopez, Anna-Cornicova.
I mean, I agree with you about the J-Lo thing,
but the Anna, we got a big giant poster up here that her legs look great.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not talking about her treat trunks. I'm talking about the men she,
they owe that.
Like our governor would say dates like when quotes you make the,
yeah, things, yeah.
Anyway, that's fine.
Suddenly one of these guys punched Enrique in the face before this low life could do any more damage.
One of the singer's bodyguard stepped in and pinned the guy to a wall while Enrique was hustled away.
A pal of the singer said Enrique was rattled by the two violent assaults.
He tried to make out that he wasn't worried, but because the punch of the face came soon after the first attack,
it did get to him.
He doesn't know whether he was in a wrong place at the wrong time,
whether he was targeted because he's famous or maybe because something else, you know,
that it doesn't mention the article here.
Yeah.
Well, maybe they were making comments and he might have been...
BAAAMING!
But I doubt that not in Bartholona, where they speak like that.
Yeah, I got a theory why they attacked him.
He can't think for sh**.
Are you picking up my good buddy again?
That invited me personal?
Were weren't you away when that happened?
No, I think I was away.
I was away. I heard all about it.
Yeah.
In fact, Carlos came running out of breathlessly.
Wasn't it Carlos that had the message from Dorothy and from Shirley Brooks?
Yep.
Comes breathlessly racing out of the parking lot.
Oh, Shirley Brooks just caught one of you while I was going to the track that night.
I love Enrique.
Love you sweetheart, but no way.
No way Enrique.
Because...
BAAAMING!
Bad for my image being at them concerts.
But Enrique soon got over his scare thanks to his busty model pal.
Showbiz and Siders say he spent most of the MTV Awards cuddling with Emma and later jetted from Bartholona to London for some more TLC from the 24-year-old blonde.
Emma's very aware of Enrique's relationship with Anna Cornalhoia added a pal of Emma, who's a familiar sight flashing her ample charms on London party circuit,
but she's flattered he's calling her so much.
And you'd be...
In fact, if she and Mariah could get together they'd have a nice set, you know what?
They'd make a pair.
Oh, I will say this, at least this broad is Emma hers is like over on the side.
So there might be another one hiding under the other side of the bra.
I'll go find it.
But with Mariah we know she just has that one big one in the middle of her chest.
And a breast too.
21-1 at 560 WQAM.
We all have different lifestyles and therefore need different products to make us feel better and be in the top...
And the pink of good health as they say.
And here's one for you.
Olio Med, Olio Med formulas are advanced combinations of the finest olive oil you'll find anywhere with vitamins, minerals, herbals, other nutrients.
And in fact this copy says 10-10.
I remember 10-10 wins New York.
I remember 10-10 CFRB Toronto.
October the 10th it doesn't say what year.
Look for Olio Med three great new formulas they have one to help you sleep, one to help you control your weight and cook you 10.
Which is so damn important for your heart.
All using the benefits of the purest olive oil anywhere combined with those other good things.
Olio Med is a great new product and it's good for you and you can pick them up today.
Anywhere all over town because more and more people are poppin' it.
Publix, Echewins, Walgreens, they all carry it.
If you want to get more information about Olio Med products and what you can do for you, just call tool free 1-866 Olio Med.
That's 1-866-653633.
You can also order their products online at olioMedamerican.com.
And please don't forget how could you possibly?
Then if you visit your nearest public's and value in olioMed products and databroward, you'll get a coupon good for a free Larry Coker Bobblehead doll.
Lost supplies last.
Don't forget to visit their sampling program at sportstime every Sunday when the office are playing home games like this weekend.
Pick up some product information and some free olio med samples and for your health start popping olio med soon.
My and Lowell, this is 42560.
Way to Way.
They come!
I'm dreaming of a white neighbor with every fossil sign I write.
Here days be merry and bright.
It used to be Jane Davide in trying to see people on the Nayock River, and hear her musical tired of it searching for her mother strawberries in the Singleauf yi Wells.
Neural Polys!
They have the highesti in decisivity library anduvre the language
It starts to be about 40 seconds before the end.
Well, I hate to step on those last couple of precious notes.
Oh, no, I know.
1244 at 560 WQM, we got the Mad Dog at 1, the Humphor at 3, and we got UM basketball, which is, you know, kill some time.
8K at 10, to a Mark overnight.
Did you know that Gregory Peck was still alive?
No.
Really?
See, I would have bet a lot of money that Alicia Bridges was still alive and Gregory Peck was dead.
But what do we know?
Got the bad news from that collar before it sounded like he knew his crap that Alicia Bridges sleeps with the fishes, and Gregory Peck is still alive.
Now, you talk about a picture you must see.
Okay.
Now, on page 20, you'll see the picture of Enrique's Galpale or whatever the hell she is.
I mean, I think you'd agree with me that from the chin down, she rates very highly on a Richter scale.
And I found one bad picture of her with like her hat covering her whole face, and that was it.
Yeah.
And that's the only picture you're found?
Well, she's a writer apparently, so there aren't a lot of shots of her.
She's a writer?
Apparently.
I see.
A concluding editor.
Grr.
Anyway, Gregory Peck's brave last days, this is in the Aquarium on page 34 and 35.
This issue that you're going to be getting in about six months.
On page 35, there was a picture if the last thing you do,
in your life, is get this issue, it's worth it.
I mean, this picture is so grotesque.
There's a look on this man's face.
It looks like he died six years ago and nobody told him.
I mean, it's sad because I like Gregory Peck.
He was a good actor.
Yes he was.
Do you think today's generation has any idea who that is?
No.
Two or three people.
I'm talking about today's people.
No.
Killed the killer mockingbird.
How the West was one.
Great actor.
What's all movie?
Was he in Gaslight?
No, that was Charles Boyet.
But anyway, he was in so many damn great movies.
Great actor, good guy, good humanitarian, et cetera, et cetera.
Friends fear the worst as beloved star vanishes from his favorite haunts.
Screen legend Gregory Peck is in a shocking state of declining health
and approval with a published these gross picture.
I mean, ooh.
These exclusive inquirer photos taken November 14 show the 86 year old actor
looking disturbingly frail as he's been driven in the car near Cedar's
Sinomemetical Center in LA.
And I witness told the inquirer his mouth wouldn't close and his eyes were just staring blankly.
He looked exhausted.
Poor Gregory was practically catatonic.
86 could easily pass for 126 in these pictures.
Accordingly, I witness others inside the car with the fragile actor attempted to hide the Oscar winner
from sight, but Gregory didn't realize what was really going on.
He didn't even turn his head so the eyewitness, the shocking glimpse of the Hollywood icon comes
on the heels of widespread rumors that his health is failing.
No kidding.
A family friend told the inquirer there's the belief that Gregory's presence
that he's been covered up this frid that he suffered a minor stroke.
That's the story going around in the Hollywood will soon lose another child.
So the watch is on.
I hate to say that, but the watch is on.
Fat boy or Gregory Peck?
Or my contract?
Haha!
I already forgot about that.
Jacko, the secret battle to take away his kids.
Here's some good news.
Well, this is pretty long.
I guess I better save it for tomorrow.
It's too long.
Don't have time for it today.
Damn it.
Convicted killer Dr. Phil's henchman scared me to death.
Hey, I got news for it.
It's of a negative story that has anything to do with Dr. Phil.
I'll read it.
Good.
He is.
You know, you talk about politics the same as to an entertainment, anything else.
How is it possible that there are millions of stupid women out there that are watching this piece of crap?
How is it possible?
Oprah told them to.
His act is so weak and so lame and so repetitive and so pathetic.
God is he on.
And by the way, congratulations to Channel 4 and Buffalo or whatever the CBS affiliate is.
I believe Channel 4 for taping guiding light and putting it on three o'clock in the afternoon everyday.
Because guiding light the last couple of weeks has been the best in the history of the show.
I would say it's been spectacular.
Outstanding.
But in the meantime, down near Channel 4 CBS, they put Dr. Phil on at three in the afternoon and are writing guiding light at the CBS appointed time of 10 in the morning.
Who the hell wants to see that?
Who wants to watch a soap opera at 10 o'clock in the morning?
It's just it's on American.
You know what?
When you say?
No, I don't.
I don't care.
Well, I don't care whether you care or not.
Don't be knocking guiding light now, mister.
I need no patience.
Passions you can knock because that's show.
It's it's ponderous.
I mean, it's going nowhere.
It just isn't going anywhere.
Too many of the great characters are gone or the replaced the actors are just it's just don't go anywhere.
Hey, Louise, you want to tell Antonio now or before he accroaks?
Well, we're still thinking about it.
Oh, God.
But guiding light is getting pretty intense.
And Danny is still live and what's your name?
Don't know about it, but she suspects and Philip and Alan and Olivia and Newton.
John, it's pretty intense.
So congratulations, Channel 4 and Buffalo for taping the show and showing three in the afternoon so I can watch it in my leisure.
And I'll say it one thing.
It's a damn good thing.
Boca-Bride didn't call between three and four yesterday because you think I ripped him an ass yet?
Oh.
That would be that would be a cause for audios for a dismissal.
He could start doing bits for the most show.
12, well, they got the same haircut.
10 to 1 at 5, 60 WQM.
There's never been a better time for you to buy a new home or refinance your existing one then write this moment.
How about a rate of 3.95 percent?
You heard right the financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95 percent.
And all you got to do is call them and they'll spainly how you can take advantage of this great deal.
Call financial group toll free 1-800-940-LND.
That's 1-800-9453-63.
The money you're going to save is positively-
Thank you, Boca-Bride.
Think about it. You can get yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan for only 450 bucks a month.
Rate 200 thousand dollar loan for only 950 bucks a month.
The process is simple. You'll save thousands of dollars each year.
In fact, this copy is so old. I don't even have a date on it.
It says before Abe Lincoln was a baby.
So call our good friends and financial group toll free at 1-800-940-LND.
There's never been a better or smarter time to get you a low interest rate.
And be sure until the Todd Director did make that call, they'll be mighty impressed.
Call financial group you'll be on your way to saving a lot of cash.
Financial group is an equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change if you wait too long.
So don't wait, call them now. 1-800-940-LND.
That's 1-800-940-5363.
I'm a local on this safety five cities.
The radio's on your...
...you and...
I wouldn't believe a word Neil said if his tongue was not right.
I've all heard of Rudolph and his shiny nose.
And we all know Frosty who's made out of snow.
But all of those stories seem kind of gay.
Cause we all know who brightens a Bauer holiday.
Mr. Hanky the Christmas Pooh.
Small and brown he comes from mu.
Sit on the toilet near he comes.
Squeeze in between your festive buns.
A present from down below.
Spreading joy with a holiday.
He's seen the love inside of you.
Cause he's a piece of poo.
Sometimes he's nutty, sometimes he's corny.
He can be brown or green is brown.
But if you eat fiber on Christmas Eve, he might come to your town.
Mr. Hanky the Christmas Pooh.
He loves me. I love you.
Therefore, my care is leave. He loves you.
I can make him Mr. Hanky too.
Well, how where is he?
He's coming.
Come on, good boys.
And I'm trying.
But wait, wait, I can see his hand.
Here he comes.
I miss the frowning Christmas Pooh.
Shade and freedings, I love you.
That's saying, sometimes I'm halfway.
Now we fall and out of way.
Who's gay my way to play?
Stick me in your mouth and touch his side.
Hurry, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Christmas time has come.
Sometimes he's runny.
Sometimes he's burned.
Sometimes he's technically water.
Sometimes he hangs up the end of your ass and won't fall in the toilet.
Cause he's just clinging to your spink, though.
And he won't jump up and say,
You should shake your ass around.
And she'll get to jump in the toilet and finally it does.
Mr. Hanky the Christmas Pooh.
Christmas leaves. He must leave too.
I should have what he's never done.
His smell and his fear with leave.
Hey, commencement.
And back to you.
Talk of these six at 5.60.
Here's a lady in Boca. Hello.
Hey, hi, Neil Rogers.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, I want you to know I know Gregory.
I can't believe Gregory Pekso alive.
I knew Tyrone Power Clark Abel so there.
That's not what I want to talk about.
What do you think about Ash Cove to the United States Patriots Act?
It's also sad.
It's what we can do.
We can't do it. It's a done deal.
Yeah, that's why I live in Canada and Holland.
Well, you must have problems Canada has a government that's has plenty to desire to.
No.
No. Everything is relative.
Yeah, right.
Okay, well it's worth here.
Well, we're more powerful than Canada.
Yeah.
But what?
No, I think the word you're looking for is dangerous.
What I'm looking for is dangerous.
America is more dangerous than Canada.
Not powerful, dangerous.
Right. Kissinger, what about Kissinger?
Exactly.
Okay, listen.
How's the great day and say how to Randy?
Oh my God.
You have something Carlos.
I'm going to tell you when I get back down there.
Yeah.
You're going to look like, you know, what it looks like if there's somebody steps on a road
and just like, I'm not talking about that kind of a road.
See everything within his drugs.
I never knew that.
Well, of course you hired him.
I did.
I thought the station hired him.
I thought you hired him.
Oh, he started.
He just came in one day and started doing stuff.
He just showed up and talked.
He talks a good game.
Oh, yeah.
When I'm going to show that Erica thing or two.
And I'm sending him all these damn links and he won't do this.
Oh, yeah.
Right.
Put some two people there easily between the two of them over the ages 600.
Easily.
Easily.
Yeah.
Of course, look at the great.
Look at the tremendous impact he said on our website.
Do you see the changes on there since he's shown on?
Remember that's Eric's fault.
Oh, that's right.
Eric's fault and you were an asshole.
It's interesting.
We got this four.
We got a four way deal going on.
We got Eric, the computer, got Pinter, Orlando.
We got Volka, Brian, little Paulie.
We got George and Carlos.
And all four of them.
They're doing like a little kazaski in their dancing around around the circle.
I think it's called a circle jerk and putting the finger.
It's your fault.
No, it's your fault.
And they're like, I'll run it around.
I mean, time.
Nothing's happening on there.
The website is his naked is what's your name there?
And that picture with Enrique.
Emma?
I saved this.
This is from, well, not that far about five days ago, curing that sneeze with more ease.
And it comes in with just what that very nice lady was talking about, even though she didn't have a clue what I was saying.
The US government approved over the counter sales of the popular allergy remedy, Claretin last Wednesday.
A long anticipated move that'll save uninsured allergy sufferers money, but prove more costly to those with prescription drug insurance plans.
There's a lot of experience with Claretin and its safety in efficacy so there should be absolutely no problem with it being available without a prescription.
Steve Francesco, a pharmaceutical consultant from Francesco International Tool CBS Radio News.
The decision comes four years after a prominent insurance company petitioned the FDA to force Claretin's maker to sell it without a prescription in the US.
Just has been the case for a long time in Canada.
A, that's another thing that really kills me, not only are the prescription drugs so much cheaper here, and many of the things that you can buy without a prescription.
So you don't have to get ripped off and is scammed going to the doctor and forcing to pay him like a black male to write you a prescription like a legra, for example.
I take a legra a lot.
You ever take a legra?
No, no, thank you.
Why not?
I don't know.
It's great for allergies and sinus and all kinds of it's good stuff.
I'll go get some right now.
No, you won't because you got to get a prescription.
That's my point over the counter here.
A, that's the way to do it a lot cheaper.
These cheap Canadian dollars.
That's the way to go, eh?
As the US continues ripping off the public and the public sits back and goes,
boom, and lay it on me, baby.
Lay it on me.
I love it.
I'm stuck in it up.
Take away my rights.
Just stop all over my ass.
I love it.
462 votes.
Do you support affirmative action?
82% of this audience say absolutely positively.
No.
And the mad dogs coming up next in spite of it all.
Bye, bye, bye.
Thank you for your show.
I'm five six years old.
Until you two a.m.
May I be four more days old?
You've got to stick your spruiner at last.
Don't worry.
It's not gonna break.
