He's all choked up he can't help himself.
Delby, Delby, talking on a sports show.
Trying to be my show.
Your voice sounds just like a sad, then-year-old girl.
A little sports host, she'll...
What else are you there for?
Delby, Delby, talking like a baby.
Who needs a little training?
Why can't you understand?
You don't sound like a man.
Remove the rubber bands and choke.
Your scrubs come guilty.
Delby, delby, delby.
Deldy, your lucky man is fit to care.
Cause, Kelly, you don't feel
long there on the air.
And, Kelly, the sports can wait till your voice cracks.
Cause, anyone who sounds like that should find another job.
And they should only take you back when both your babies drop.
Elk-elty, delby.
When you're gonna grow up, you make us want to grow up.
You feel these squeaky pooh, go to broadcasting school.
Your pretty, you bastard voice makes you sound like a plus.
Your a-hats.
Your a-hats.
Your a-hats.
You have a great day too, Gildy, and Paradise.
You'll ever be able to do that.
Who's into the moron hour at 9 o'clock, you'll hear more?
Okay, here we go with more 903-560-WDQM.
At least it's a little something.
It's a little bit of an open there.
Promoted the McBride jet bush debate.
I didn't even watch it.
Cause I've already decided I'm gonna vote for it.
Whatever I watch that, you know, terminal.
Right.
And I sure wouldn't put Robert Greeper as much as we like Robert.
You know, if anybody thought the beast was unprofessional
and didn't belong on the air, I mean, Robert's a good guy,
but does he belong on the air?
No.
Even to say hello?
No.
So the idea that I would put him on to like critique the,
in addition to which keeping his politics in mind,
him critiquing a debate among any candidates
or between or above.
And anyway, we don't want to get bogged down on that crap.
We got plenty of other crap.
How is Fat Boy doing with those hour by hours, by the way?
As soon as they come in.
I got news for him.
Unless he comes through with that in the next hour or two,
he's not going on no trip to Vegas.
Today's the day our sales department's leaving for a week in Vegas
because they did such a wonderful job.
It's July and August and Sputth of the fact that George was on.
And Moe.
Oh, sorry.
How low can you go?
Oh, that's what we'd like to find out.
When we see those hour by hours.
Because that's what it's all about, sweetheart.
That's what it's all about is, you know,
coming through with the production produce something.
Not talking a big game.
Not talking about how we sound better than ever before.
Let's see what you've got.
What do you got?
What do you bring to the table?
Who you got out there?
Where's the audience?
You know, that's what it's all about.
Not being pompous in the full of crap.
Anyway, so, uh, Gildi, I guess, had a little plug there
from one of the callers about 20 of.
And even that took, they took coverage with.
Well, I don't think Gildi did.
Because when we first came here and started playing that song,
Gildi was going out and performing it live,
which I find is shocking, but he was like lip-syncing it
at various spots around town.
Now, of course, he has to like zip his lip.
798 votes in our pool yesterday.
What do you think a Niels knew
to want comedy bits are?
Well, it's something we started back in September
on the anniversary of 9-11.
And we've been doing that every Wednesday
from noon to one.
It's opposed to like, you know, I don't know.
I don't know.
Just in the middle of the week.
It's just a nice break.
314 people said, I love it.
That's 39.3%.
It's okay.
254, 31.8%.
So that's 71.1%.
We do like it or they love it or they're embracing it
or they're just waiting with baited breath.
So we'll be doing it again today.
It's a waste of time, 119, 14.9%.
And I hate it.
BAH!
111, 13.9% said that.
It makes me so mad when I hear that.
I want to go out and kill some people.
Yeah, but at any rate, too bad.
Because we're going to do it again today, noon to one.
And see, that will replay the audio of the debate
between McBride and Jeff Bush.
What do you think?
Now, I think we'll stick with the comedy bits.
There's 87,000 stories on the sniper.
All sniper all day, by the way.
It is interesting to see.
Look at that.
There's this.
What's being called the most sophisticated and large?
Oh, I already got that bedtime story
about the attack on the internet.
We already got that.
But at any rate,
but isn't this something of breath of fresh air
they're doing other stories than just
all sniper all day?
I think they may begin a little bit of heat in that, you know?
Yeah, yeah.
Catching just a little bit of flak on this all sniper
all day format.
I mean, give it a rest.
It's like all Chris and Aronde all morning, you know?
Chris and Aronde, just give it a little break.
Little variety there.
Bolton, no, did he have the Baltimore Sun?
Has a fairly concise article.
I got a little like, I cut way down.
Okay?
We don't want it to me long bedtime stories.
Also, my good close ball friend, Tom Jicca.
What did I tell you?
Do I have my thumb on it or what?
I don't know.
But didn't for whatever reason,
I guess he was out of touch with what was going on
in local radio market back in the winter book
when we kicked ass.
Didn't write a thing about it.
Back in a spring book when we really kicked ass,
surprised a lot of everybody.
He was out busy playing TV review in L.A.
getting wind and dying.
Didn't write about that.
And I said, hey, next time that station has a down book
when we have a really mediocre book,
then Tom Jicca will be here to write his radio column.
And you know what I was?
Absolutely correct.
Had my thumb right on the pulse of it.
But we'll get to a little, Tom, in his piece.
And a bunch of other stuff, including a nice
fact from our friend Linda.
That's for you, Linda.
Thank you.
Baltimore Sun says, after police police
for a telephone dialogue,
the serial sniper is stalking the Washington region
responded yesterday with a different statement.
The killing of daybrake of a bus driver
accompanied by another demanding letter
left for authorities,
less than a mile from where the government began
shooting three weeks ago.
Police answered last night with their longest televised
address to the killer saying it was not electronically
possible to achieve what the sniper demanded of them
and letter left to the south of the Saturday shooting in
Aslan, Virginia, the sniper demanded that
$10 million be wired to a domestic bank account
and threaten further violence, law enforcement sources
have told of Baltimore's son.
Yesterday's multi-page letter left at Aspen Hills Northgate Park
repeated Saturday's demands official said.
We remain open and ready to talk to you about the options
you have mentioned on Camry County Police Chief
Charles A. Moosey, the Mooseman said last night.
It's important we do this while anybody else
get in hurt.
Moose then instructed the sniper to call
authorities to get a toll-free number he could use
and offer to set up a post office box to be used for communications
if that would make the sniper feel more comfortable.
Like he's going to come to a
any PO box anywhere that they already pre-designate right.
You've indicated this is more about violence than about violence
the chief said we're waiting to hear from you.
The killer claimed in letters Saturday which had
similarities to another note left by the sniper
that he's unsuccessfully attempted about six time to contact police
only be thwarted by phone lines and by tifters
according to law enforcement sources.
Police have verified some of those calls by checking their logs.
Earlier in the day Moose revealed one reason my police are so desperate
to maintain contact with a killer.
The letter left behind at Saturday shooting he said contain an alarming threat.
Your children are not safe anywhere at any time.
The disclosure of this threat in yesterday is killing further raised
mistakes in the cryptid dialogue taken place between police and the killer
partly over the public airwaves over satisfying the killer's demands.
Those demands mean while I've taken many by surprise
there were many theories about motives of a sniper who's now killed 10 and wounded three
but few expected he was driven by a quest for money.
He had our attention after the first day said one law enforcement official
speaking on condition of course of anonymity.
Why would he ask for money now?
He's playing with him.
That's why he's asking for money now.
Does he really expect to get the money?
Of course not.
No way.
And the beat goes on.
Only now that we got this kind of uh-oh sniper on the loose.
There we go again.
I thought maybe they had a little bit of a break from that.
But no.
Just a little tiny one.
The sneak in a couple of other brief stories while we get back to all sniper all day.
While we get everybody into a state of total frenzy.
Larry King had a what's his name on last night.
I was watching him between periods of the hockey game.
John Walsh.
You see that?
No.
But you were watching still all the way.
I can't believe I had a penalty.
When I'm channel surfing because I feel compelled.
The spirit of this show compels me
from my bedtime stories and whatever else to see who he's got on there and what they're saying.
John Walsh was on there.
Who I like a lot.
I like him.
And he kept pumping his America's most wanted number one 800 uh-uh-what is it?
Crime.
I don't know.
1800 is a crime that knows on that show.
Is that what it is?
I don't know.
Something like that.
But in any way he offered that number.
He said they don't trace.
They don't do this.
And we'll see if he calls that number or not.
Ten minutes after nine at five sixty WQM.
What do we got on the schedule today?
We got Jim Mandage in the studio today.
All right.
Hank Goldberg in the studio today.
How do you like that for all four solid hours?
Unencumbered by any other uh-dreck.
Seven o'clock we got speaking of Dreck Sitco's Panther preview.
Seven thirty the Panthers to play the Make Believes in Toronto.
Oh.
The pressure is mounting man.
Eddie Kaye at the after the hockey game in Joe and Mark overnight.
Whether usual.
Still our ass eating job.
Let's face it you've been learning about fast train and hearing about it for a long time.
Now I wondered if it makes sense for you.
Well the facts are simple like so many of our listeners.
If you have the dedication fast train will provide you with the necessary training to become a
certified computer professional.
According to Time Magazine, the demand for computer professionals will continue to explode.
Their average student completes the training in four short months attending school three nights
a week.
Once you've completed your certification, fast train will help you out and getting a new computer job
and making some serious cash.
A new job that's worth something as opposed to working for peanuts like so many of the underlings
around here.
Fast train invites you to come in visit their train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you.
Let's have you downs, Buffalo Raceway, Vernon Downs, Poppano Park.
Call Fast Train toll free at 1-866 Fast Train.
To set up your appointment with four convenient locations, they're in Kendall,
now they're in Miami, they're in Pemberpines and prestigious Fort Lauderdale.
So there's bound to be a fast train near Bayou.
Don't forget to ask the career counselor for list of students like yourself who are currently
in their dream jobs.
Call them today fast train at 1-866 Fast Train.
That's 1-866 Fast Train or check them out on the Wicked World Wide Web at fasttrain.com.
Campbell and Rake.
From the producer of American Idol.
It was dressed.
It's the Democratic Idol.
The majority.
I could sleep tonight.
Not the most night.
They also want to get off.
Yes.
Yes.
Get off.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
Do it.
Do it.
Indeed I did have 200 sexual relationships.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Democratic Idol on Fox this fall.
See me for who I really am.
Thank you my friends.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
916-560 WDQM Happy Wednesday.
We got that big noon to 1 hour coming up today because the audience wants it.
They like it.
And the people who don't like it, well, good luck to you.
Turn over to Russian.
No, no, no.
Then you'll see how much you like those comedy bits.
Justin Timberlake is straight but Pop Rocks is a gay old time.
Somebody fact me this.
Where this came from, I have no idea.
It says,
all those pranksters at HX Magazine, HX is the ultra-hypnot all-inclusive free-weekly magazine,
covering gay New York City Nightlife.
Warned its readers that in April 5th,
issue would be loaded with April Fool's jokes.
Is this like the thing we got the other day that was from back in February?
A little bit like dated maybe?
Or maybe they just decided to fact this because we had to just
and Tinkerbell update yesterday with what's your name?
Probably.
With what's your name?
You guys.
I'm a Lano.
Right.
There you go.
You got the damn picture right there.
Let's get with it.
Well, yeah.
Trying to separate the true from the,
is this true was part of the fun.
In its weekly listings, HX declared that April 4th will be just in Timberlake's official
coming-out party at Pop Rocks, the ultra-fun
Thursday night 18 and over gay hotspot.
According to the magazine,
Justin left his girlfriend Britney Spears because he's one of ours.
Oh, I sure hope not.
Bye bye bye!
Oh God, and to celebrate Justin vowed to make out with every cute boy at the club that night.
Whoa, all right, all right.
I know they're currently here at 1-5th of N-Sync coming out of the closet.
Is every gay guy's fantasy?
It is.
It is.
Oh, after reading that, I want to puke my guts out.
Whoever faxed me that boy,
gets it.
They're these wonderful things called glasses, man.
They're these very talented people called optometrist and optomologists.
Go see one before it's too late and-
Bye bye bye!
Get out of here.
Before we get to Little Tommy Jicke,
which I can't wait to get to that column.
Because just like we told you,
you've also been saying the same thing for a very long time.
That as soon as we had a down book,
Tom would have all of a sudden he'd be right here in town and right in about radio.
And you know, this is the first thing he's written about radio of any consequences way back in
March when he wrote about all the changes at Q-A-M.
Right.
And about my being out of touch in my biggest challenge yet and going off to-
And by the way, we had a very big September, Tom.
I know that comes to the shock.
And as soon as we get those hours by hours from Fat Boy,
we'll be able to tell you just how big.
So it must be in spite of the fact that I'm doing all this-
What is again, periodicals on audio?
On audio.
That's number one.
And number two, the fact that I'm so out of touch most of the year,
because I'm not here.
I'm somewhere else touching it.
Speaking of touching it,
Montcharges in video beating of young daughter
were rained on theft charges.
I already had this, but somebody fasted it and again,
so I'll move it up on my pile,
my pile of bedtime stories.
And the reason being there's one-
there's one sentence in here that just sends me.
I love it.
Lagrange Hediana,
the woman accused of beating your daughter in an incident caught on security video tape
and broadcast nationwide,
was rained on charges of taking fabric from a department store.
Madeline Too Good, 25-unercist or Marguerite Jean-Daly, 31,
appeared at Lagrange Circuit Court in Shackles Monday.
That's the part I like.
In Shackles.
Isn't that great?
I love it.
Oh, that picture.
Innocent police in the felony theft charges were entered on their behalf.
They were later released on $3,500 bailage.
Both refused to comment as they left court.
Prosecutors alleged that the sisters took fabric from Yoder's departments.
They were in Chipschewana.
Ever been there?
No.
You don't want to go there?
Yoder, I've been there.
Chipschewana, Indiana?
Woo, and Yodors.
See those Midwestern names,
especially those Indiana names, Yoder and Yoko, and whatever they are.
The alleged that sisters took fabric from Yoder's departments store in Chipschewana,
about 35 miles east of South Bend, August 21,
telling her clerk they bought the material days earlier, but forgot to take it home.
That'd be a good pull to do one day.
You know what's the most yahu state in the country?
And it would surprise you, but Indiana is definitely in the running.
Have you ever been Indiana?
Yes.
Where boots?
I don't know.
Passed through by butter.
Oh, and I'm talking about like in it.
No, no, no.
Who we?
See, when you look at the map, you say to yourself,
while Indiana is not in the deep south,
guess what?
Wrong!
Wrong.
We went through Indianapolis.
And when you're like Indianapolis, they have like, uh,
they speak many of them with a heavy sudden draw,
and you think, let me look at that map again and see where I've been now.
In September, police and Mr. Walker released a department store surveillance video that said,
well, too good to do this, and we know that.
But seeing her in shackles along with her sister makes a lot of us very happy,
because she's one of those travelers,
a culture of thieves.
We're not too crazy on the show about Gypsies,
trams, travelers and thieves.
Here's the fact that says, I heard you, uh,
I hope you heard the worst team this morning, someone called it.
Yeah, I did hear that about Geldie.
Yeah, I'm old one ballistic about that.
No sense of humor about anything.
I mean, like I said, Geldie, when we first started playing the song,
was out singing.
He loved it.
It brought him some attention.
That was back in days when he was just like a,
a quizzling on that show.
Now that he's a big superstar,
and he's there to try to find the most ego every morning,
you know something?
I was, I'm not making this up.
I'm driving to work this morning.
Of course I'm listening.
And I hear the, the isolated shots that are coming,
which I guess I'm the only one who understands them,
which is good.
It's good that I'm listening, Mo.
You're not wasting your time,
but they have nothing to do with a sports band,
who that's going on.
About well, people who point the finger
should look at the mirror and all that other stuff.
I do look at the mirror when I shave.
It's not a pretty sight, Mo.
But at least I got my own here,
not too much of it, a little bit.
But I'm thinking of myself.
Do you realize that Geldie is the only person
who could be doing that rule on that show?
The father what I'm saying?
No, I'm thinking.
No, I'm serious about that.
He's the, because he understands that if he says anything
disagreeable in a serious way,
not just joking around,
if he says anything disagreeable in a serious way,
he's out the door.
And so because of the fact he's got a wife and kid now and everything,
you know how that works out?
Self preservation is what it's all about.
So he just, I mean, he's the only one I think
who could deal with that.
Why does a luxury for people who don't have children?
There you go.
And then of course, when we think back to that ugly,
grotesque episode, which really blew this whole
most thing open when he tried behind the scenes,
see it's one thing on the air to put on this business of,
well, I'm holier than now.
And I don't do these things.
If that's okay, but when you're behind the scenes
stabbing everybody in the back,
that's the real backstabber.
See, there's such a thing as the front stabber
and then there's the backstabber.
The backstabber does their work behind the scenes.
Trying to get people fired.
And so this one is on professional.
I don't want to want to make calls off the air
to get this one taken off here.
Things like that.
That's the real backstabber.
Think of talking about people with a wife and children,
including one not even a surprise.
Surprise.
There's a button in the oven here, George.
Ah, and try to get somebody like that can.
Just out of peak, just to try to assert himself
and throw his weight around in your body.
This has a pot belly.
Just to show that he's going to be the big cheese here.
Well, guess what?
I saw these numbers, Mom.
Oh, man.
Cut the cheese.
Cut the cheese.
Which he probably did when he heard about the numbers were.
Wait till we get those hour by hours.
Is a fat boy here yet with us?
When he comes tumbling through that door,
then I guess we'll know what it is.
Today's Walker day.
So he'll be waddling over here.
What would he mean by that?
He's every other day.
He's on wheels.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Every other day he's in the chair
and I'm a Walker.
Why is that?
To build up his strength.
Right.
Lead into it slowly.
He doesn't walk on it.
He doesn't even waddle on it.
He lung it.
He lurches on the walker.
Because there's so much weight pushing on a Walker
that every step is like a major lurch.
So you should go with the wheelchair and the walker at the same time.
Another train monkey.
Okay, just calm down.
Okay, we'll get to you.
We got a great moped pole today, by the way.
Huh?
We don't you like today's pole?
We got 11 choices on there.
What are you going to do when you don't have him to beat up?
If those numbers keep on away, they are.
That could be soon.
Anyway, top.
Now, seriously, I mean, he's got to show us something for Christ's.
He's got to throw a number in there soon or later for crying out loud.
Stupid.
Latin radio stations grab half the ratings top 10 rights,
Tom Jicke, who finally writes a
radio column.
Oh, we'll even take it even though we had like a mediocre book.
But of course that was because of George and other things.
Well, no, you were still number one.
It's better than being number five, which I see.
It wasn't a good idea for you to remind me that you were number five last time.
I was bringing those numbers out.
I was dusted to that.
They're in budget meetings today to try to see if they can actually give George more money
than Moe because the George has got much higher ratings.
Huh?
Well, Linda and her facts that I'll get to in a moment,
she suggests you want to get paid as much or more
because you have a lot higher numbers.
We actually have people listening when you're doing the show,
which I know is shocking, but at any rate, it's true.
I mean, if you had the kind of numbers he had, believe you, me, you'd be out the door.
When I got that precipitous call from Greg Read about,
congratulations on a really good book.
And by the way, I've decided to terminate George right away, guys.
I should have saved that.
I'm a force male up there.
I could have saved it.
And found a way to transfer it to tape because that really deserved to be on the ear.
He didn't decide to fire anybody.
He was the pressured muscle by a hysterical tantrum,
by a hysterical silly self-serving old man.
Remember on Howdy-Duty, Mr. Bluster?
No.
Mr. Bluster was one of the puppets on Howdy-Duty.
He was like, he was a cantankerous old character.
That's what we got here. Mr. Bluster.
I don't know whether I want to keep calling him more,
or maybe Mr. Bluster, I think would be good,
although it kind of dates me.
Just like they were talking this morning when I was coming to work
about the greatest moment in World Series history,
I think the answer beyond a shadow of a doubt,
it all depends on your age.
Beyond a shadow of a doubt is 1956,
Don Larson's perfect game.
That wasn't even mentioned.
And a guy in his 70s like Moe,
I mean, he certainly was around to see that or know about it.
But that wasn't even mentioned.
Anyway, we'll get to Tom Jikers,
Colin will get to Linda's Facts.
We'll get to our poll question,
which Eric is on.
Look at that.
He's already got it on there.
So before I even mention the poll for today,
you can go peruse it and cast your vote.
In fact, I'm going to have to think about that one myself,
because there's so many excellent choices on it.
26 past nine at 560 WQM,
as we wait for the moment of truth,
when Fat Boy comes lurching through that door on that walker,
and says, Hey, Pally, here's those hourly numbers.
And you know something, why not happen today?
I was Adam, you know, we like Adam,
but dear, it's disappointing when the door opened
and I thought it was going to be Fat Boy.
What does he say?
He said Jeff can't get him.
Well, what does that mean?
He can't get him.
Arbitroid is not whatever.
He said he can't get the numbers from Arbitroid.
He can't get the numbers from Arbitroid.
Well, what about Little Maddie Bell?
He's our last white grade hope, I guess.
Go find Little Maddie Bell and kick him around a little bit.
That won't be tough.
And be like kicking a soccer ball.
So Fat Boy, let's us down.
I say keep his ass off that plane, you know?
They've got the whole first row and first class reserve for a Fat Boy.
Both Isles.
How you going to get the nose up if he's up in first class?
Like I said, back in cargo.
So we can't get it for us.
And here's a guy that always talks a big game.
You know, I probably will do this.
And by the way, you know, I did watch some of that game last night,
quite a bit of the Sabers Beat Philadelphia.
It was a great gamer.
Genre was at his best.
There was nobody there in Buffalo.
Great rivalry.
Both teams, how does it pistol?
There was nobody there.
It looked like it was worse than a Panther game.
What's going on, eh?
Because I noticed a lot of sucking up to the Marlins now,
which I heard this morning, which is really embarrassing.
And David Samson, etc.
That little midget.
But the fact of the matter is no matter how you slice it,
crow and moe, nobody cares.
They can market this and market that into a big saw in a dance.
Now that they know they're going to have to probably be here
another four years.
Uh, it ain't going to make any difference.
There's no interest.
No interest.
But you keep banging away on it, baby.
927 at 560.
That was some very depressing news now.
Now we got to cut out Maddie Bell.
And you know Maddie's.
He's kind of unpredictable.
Especially after things you've been sent about.
He's never failed us.
Hey, if you love your home, but you need more space,
maybe there's like an unwanted baby showed up.
I mean, an unexpected.
Do what hundreds of other smart people like George
are doing cost-wreckly additions.
Whether you're having that, uh, not, uh,
that baby wanted or not in the other room.
If you're converting a car porter patio in living space,
maybe you went into business for yourself
on a make-home office.
Call the experts at strictly additions
because they'll do a stupendous and beatable job for you.
There you're one stop, shop, more space for your place,
place with an absolutely,
positively worry-free approach to expanding your living space.
Forget about no shows by other guys.
We're never going to happen when you call strictly additions.
In complete work, no chance.
No unexpected bills.
No worries about the job not getting done right or finished.
And they take care of every last detail.
They drop your blueprints.
They get the building permits, handle all the inspections for you.
And of course, they've got that easy five step approach
to total customer satisfaction.
First, they call the schedule a free project
evaluation implement at your home,
where a project estimated determines the scope
of your addition, what you'll be needing.
Second, they schedule a bit of employment in their convenience
room, where you'll get a detailed proposal
and an exact price for the work.
Third, select your finishing touches, go to contract
fourth, review the design, architectural drawings,
and fifth, the highlight.
You sit back and relax on your fat asses,
your dream addition moves ahead
on schedule with unbeatable quality.
It's a piece of cake.
Cake?
Cost strictly additions at 9.5.4.791.8100.
How come a diabetic like Michael
who keeps going to diabetic comas is talk-edin cake?
I still wanted that from Godfather 3.
Maybe they know with strictly additions.
Ask them when you call.
7.919.8100.
You can check out the random yellow pages.
They serve all of Broward and all of South Palm Beach County too.
They are licensed and shared professionals who do a
stupendous job for you, like they did for George.
Call 9.5.4.719.8100.
For strictly additions.
Why?
Why and look all high?
We're sports video 560s.
You ain't.
You ain't.
Yo, yo.
Let's rate four.
Ready.
Yo, big shot.
Her guess how we pass the time away
in the Galeo Jailer.
Oh.
Oh.
Santana.
You've heard him play his Grammy performance with Rob Thomas.
And on the latest hit with Michelle Branch.
Everybody wants Santana on their song.
So we've compiled a city collection of every artist Santana has ever played with.
Like M&M.
Two spread apart girls go round the outside.
Round the outside.
Round the outside.
Good.
Good.
Dixie chicks.
I bet you're right.
I bet you're right.
Good.
Good.
Andrea Bacheli.
Good.
Good.
Good.
It's Santana's looks for everyone CD including unreleased tracks from Carlos and.
John Tash with some day your journey will end.
I'll be there for you as well.
Yes, he's a guitar playing whore who will play with anybody.
It's that of course Kelly Clarkson.
No way man.
Santana's licks for everyone order now and receive a personalized bonus track where
Santana plays your very own birthday song.
Happy birthday dear Santana.
Call now.
I'm 33 at 560 WQM happy Wednesday to it.
I'll tell you one thing.
I think we might break some records with our poll week to our result today.
They like these kinds of polls.
I guess I better give you the poll.
34 votes on our already having read the goddamn poll question yet.
11 choices.
The reason Mojauer David's ratings are so weak is.
He's boring.
I don't know.
I only listen to Neil.
I don't know.
I don't listen to him which see the reason I did those separate ones because there are people
listening to the mad dog or hank or other parts of the station but don't listen to morning.
The only is too squeaky.
He's a pompous ass.
Bracket him.
He show blows.
The beast booked bad guests.
He's alienated everybody else's audience.
Because unfortunately his show never sounded better.
I love Mo or who's Mojauer David.
Those are your 11 choices on there.
What do we got so far?
34 votes.
8 say he's a pompous ass.
6 say I don't know.
I don't listen to Neil.
5 say his show blows.
4 say I love Mo.
Y'all these two squeaky 3.
I don't know.
I don't listen to him.
3.
Who's Mojauer David 2.
He's alienated everybody else's audience.
1 because unfortunately his show has never sounded better.
1 he's boring.
1 in the book.
A beast book bad guest has gotten on.
The beast has gotten no votes in terms of being the scapegoat for the week numbers in the morning.
There's Miguel who's got those hourly numbers for us.
Where's Maddie Bell?
Have you seen little Maddie running around a building?
He's in the building I was told.
He isn't a building.
OK, that's our project now between now 1 o'clock is to grab Maddie Bell by the Toes,
which shouldn't be hard.
They're right below his armpits.
And carry him over to that computer and get him working on that stuff.
Maybe they're not going to be available till tomorrow,
which would be bad because tomorrow the sales department's going to be all gone.
And Maddie and his crew will be in their budget meetings.
But the good news is muffin clearance will be back tomorrow.
Now clearance, but muff could get onto it.
You know what I'm saying?
He might hop on it.
So Tom Jikker writes Latin radio stations grab half of the ratings top 10.
Didn't I tell you this when the ratings came out?
Shrows and spows, baby.
This summer because all the non-latent whites get out of here in the summertime.
Don't you spicks go away in the summer?
Well, of course you can't.
Miguel, he can't do that.
Huh?
No, he couldn't because he was working here for free while I was in Toronto.
I have a great time.
Yeah, so the spicks don't go anywhere.
They like it here.
Of course, they're probably not wanted in any place else.
And then the schwarzers, they can't afford to get out of town.
Right?
Where are they going to go?
They're certainly not going to cross the state line and go up into Georgia.
They'll be picking cotton in a half an hour if they go up there.
So they're going to stay here where they'll be safe, you know, or at least then whatever.
So we had spows and spows because everybody else was out of town.
Which time points out at the very end of this article?
Let's read the article a little Tommy Jikker's column.
They in which he actually doesn't take a shot at me or the show or about periodical on,
I can't remember the line.
Periodical on audio.
On audio.
For some strange reason, I have a like a brain fart on that.
I can't remember it.
He says Latin radio stations grab half a rating's top 10.
The sounds of summer on South Florida radio this year were heavily in Esponial.
How do you like that?
Thank you.
Yeah.
Spanish language stations captured half of the birds in the markets, top 10.
According to Arbitron's quarterly audience survey conducted from mid June through mid-September.
Despite the search for Latin radio, WEDR, the urban contemporary music outlet,
best known as 99 Jammed, maintained its distinction as the market's most listened new station.
You can't, what do I tell you?
You can't beat them.
Shfarts is with a stick.
99 Jammed's dominance is complete.
It's the highest rated station in the catch-all category of listeners.
12 plus 6 am to midnight.
Also tops among 25 to 54 year olds of so-called money demographic because it is the one
that avoids the majority of advertising be sold.
Power 96.
Oh!
Let me ask you something first.
What's that crap they played on the hall?
WPOW.
Power 96 held onto the number two position in head in the spring book among the overall audience.
Latent's to end by the way, their number went way back up again.
I just mentioned that from my Disney and Casey's list and the party's over, baby.
Power's kicking your ass because they put that Albee silk on there.
And they sent that Schwo Gryffit back off to the psychic network for training.
Latent stations occupied the next three positions which shows you again it was a heavily spoked book.
WRMA.
Radio Romancea.
FM106 jumped up from ninth in the spring book to take third.
Anybody believe that?
No.
No.
Just ahead of WAMR, Radio Amor FM107 which improved from number six, Spanish talk WQI,
claimed the station to be in the market's highest rated AM station, finishing in a three-way
tie for fifth with hot and life.
So other than life which is slush music, you got all your top stations that are either
Schwo were spoke, black or spick.
I mean that's what does that say?
Two additional Latent stations WCMQ and WRTO radio ritmo followed in eighth and ninth.
So you look at the top ten here, man, and you don't have any white people, you know?
You don't have any whiteies.
You got a bunch of goddamn banana boat people and you got the, you know,
the watermelon shoppers out there.
That's all you got.
Did any white people get diaries?
No.
Evidently not.
How do we do so good in September?
Well, we got a few spicks.
You came back.
And I came back.
That's where I came back to be a little George out.
Who reminds me he finished fifth in men last summer?
That, you know, the more I think about that, the more I think Momei have had a point.
I mean that's not good.
You know, it's not good.
Fifth in men on this show.
W-I-O-D-A-M-6-10, which tied for 12th of the highest rated English A-M station.
What a, and that's really something that we're going to have to like worry about.
W-I-O-D-O-I hate that station.
A home of Dr. Laura Rush Limbo on Phil Henry finished eight places ahead of mostly sports WQ-A-M.
Are you sure?
Which suffered from the annual Summer Absence of Neal Rogers and further slippage of its morning drive program.
Uh-oh!
Sounds like a shot at Mo!
WQ-A-M had hoped the hiring of Howard David, who has a,
David had, who has a national profile as well, being the new voice of the dolphins,
might bring new listeners to the morning show.
We had hoped for that.
But unfortunately, uh, it don't seem to be working out for some strange reason.
Hello, George.
Hey, don't suck up the hand now.
He ain't going to cover for you.
We don't lie about the numbers on this show.
Whether they're good, bad or indifferent, we just give them right out.
We don't make them up.
WQ-A-M even slumped in its target demographic,
men 25 to 54, losing about 20% of its overall audience,
and a slightly higher percentage in morning drive rights time,
who's taken another little shot at Mo.
Jesus Christ, the good news for WQ-A-M is that the markets
other sports station, and by the way,
Jim Sarni or an idiot, okay, have somebody read you the numbers.
Have Tommy explain the artwork.
Remember, Jim Sarni wrote a thing a few Fridays ago about how in the last trend,
the morning they were like moving in on Howard?
I don't want to stand up for Howard because that would be out of character for me,
and I just can't do it.
But it's not a contest.
They had a 0.9 in the mornings in 2554 men.
So, Tom says the good news for Q-M is the markets other sports station,
W-R-F-X Fox, barely registered in the book, finishing in the tie,
for 30 second overall audience among 34 stations.
30 second out of 34th, and tied for 30 second, not even by a loan.
The only station right below W-R-F X is W-K-A-T,
which with nothing to lose, recently switched to classical music,
classical gas.
The results of that formal change won't show up until the fall book released to the end of this year.
Spanish stations also had a strong showing the 25 to 54 breakout.
W-R-M A tied with hot for a second behind EDR with
Radio Ritmo in 4th, live at English language soft music,
Slash Station was next, followed by CMQ Radio Amortai,
Bayba-Baba-Baba.
The summer book is generally considered the least important of our Bertrand surveys because
listening is a typical as a result of occasions both of talent and listeners.
Says Tom Jica.
Excellent column, Tom.
Even though you wrote it after we predicted, we took a little bit of a
precipitous dump on this station, and you failed a phone out though that we were still number one in midday.
In the summertime, you did it.
It was, George sucked wind, but nevertheless we were still number one.
With over a six, whatever it's going to be, if we ever get Maddie Bell to get us those numbers.
You know something, this is going to be quite a project this time, getting these hour by hour.
And don't think that anybody is hiding it because, believe me, most of the people in this building
are salivating just waiting to see those hour by hour numbers.
They just can't wait to see.
Jesus Christ.
The nine numbers are hour by hour and see if they're really as bad as Neil says they are.
You know?
I mean, you can pontificate all you want and you lean up there against the back wall and dream of those
good old days when you were a big superstar.
It ain't happening here, Mo.
You know?
In fact, leading the way his apompass ass has got 22 votes.
I just see, with the 11 choices on there, I don't have time.
I don't have the luxury of time to go down the whole list every day.
No, seriously, that would take us all the way up to noon in those comedy bits.
All right.
Not a bad idea.
Hey, let me tell you now that summertime is over and we're serious.
Those summer vacations and all that slack in office concern, get the weight off with balance for life.
This is the way to do it.
They bring in that little black sack.
George has got his sack right over there.
Look at that.
The fact which has got his sack.
And at any rate, you can lose a ton of weight, the easy, delicious way because they use it.
You know, yesterday, one of my entrees I had, there was a nice,
fresh plum and some blueberries in there.
You know, what do they cause it like when you buy strawberries and the stores at a pint,
they call them and you buy the little lady?
What do you mean you have no idea?
Haven't you ever bought produce?
Sure, I've got a pint.
A little thing.
I think they call it a pint.
Well, whatever they call it, when you buy produce in any market, even the good markets,
you go through and on top, they put all the real good fresh ones on top.
So it looks good and you go down in the middle of it and you get the ones that are spoiled and worms and squashed and black.
You look at the produce from balance for life that's in your,
whether you're on trays and all that other good stuff and you just amazed at the quality.
Like all the other stuff too.
They use only the best ingredients for preparing your food for you based on the principles of the
zone diet, which helps you lose weight like crazy and keeps you satisfied because in your black
sack are three delicious gourmet meals, two delicious snacks that they deliver right to your doorstep
by six a.m. at your work at your home, wherever you're going to be.
And they let you choose between two choices for every meal, two every day that you're on a program.
So if you want to lose that disgusting unhealthy grotesque look and wait,
do it the easy way it's a piece of cake with balance for life,
nothing to count, no calories, no carbs, they do all the work for you and prepare fantastic delicious food.
Call balance for life today and get started as soon as you start,
as soon as you can lose that weight called 954-568-3229.
954-568-3229 or check out their website at balanceforlife.com and check out the naked picture of the beast.
My life and locals, this is 430-564.
You weigh a million.
The more on hour at nine o'clock you'll hear more.
In theater sound, I don't even have any ideas who just guy is.
From the director of Red Dragon.
I am not a man.
Barney, the dinosaur stars in.
It's a dinosaur.
Purple Dragon.
I'll staple your eye just to your forehead.
Oh, boy, boy, can't wait.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Open your eyes.
Oh, that's so much fun.
There's the fun in that.
Purple Dragon.
Now I am becoming more for the man.
I'm sure you are.
And we're all very special.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
In theaters everywhere.
If you enjoy it.
My bottle was top and front.
It was like you too.
Was Barney saying Moe?
Was that what you said?
No.
946-560-WQA.
I'm sorry.
Whether one at the packet, I mean the queen that facts me the thing about Justin Tinkerbell.
Just go away sweetheart.
Bye, bye, bye.
Obviously whipped up to a frenzy today.
He's probably got his Moe blow up now.
There now he sends me a whole thing about anal sex.
We ought to save this for Georgia, I guess.
For the next time, George Tiffilin.
I'm not ashamed to say I've always been intrigued by anal sexes or this effect.
So I'll save this for you.
I'll put it at the bottom of my piles.
So Linda, thank you Linda.
There's another kiss for you.
North to charge.
I should give the promo here for Miguel.
Look for the cue.
We can't get those hour by hours yet.
Maddie Bell is working on it.
Okay, he's got his nose to the grindstone.
And we might have to wait till tomorrow, you think?
We can drag this thing out for days and weeks now.
The suspense man.
Wow!
It is penetrating.
Inquiring minds want to know out there.
I was my poll okay here.
Did Eric have some kind of a brain fart on the pool?
Because I noticed the thing at the bottom is like, uh, yeah.
There's like something happened on the bottom of my home page there.
108 votes already?
That's shocking.
The reason Moe Howard David did this ratings there so weak is he's a pompous ass 29.
I don't know.
I literally listen to Neil 24.
Who's Moe Howard David did 15?
He showed blows 12.
I love Moe 7.
I don't know.
I don't listen to Moe 6.
Geldies 2 squeaky 4.
Because unfortunately his show has never sounded better 3.
He's alienated everybody else's audience 3.
The beast book bad guest 2.
And he's boring 1.
But there's something like at the bottom.
There's another category there that's missing.
What's the other category George?
I don't know what it is.
Look for the kill him.
Who's Howard David?
At least that's how you wrote it out.
It's third 15 votes.
You better get with him Mr.
you should don't know your poll.
Look for the Q&A van today from Noon2 with the Amico.
Look and I was at Amico or BP Amico.
Whatever.
You don't this.
At the Amico at 3401 Biscayne Boulevard in Miami 34th and Biscayne.
Boy Miguel ought to get lucky down there.
Stop by to win prizes and register to win a trip for 2 to see the dolphins play the Jets in New York.
So we have some crappy prizes but a chance to win a really great trip.
So there you go go buy and see Miguel keep him company.
Keep him safe from all those undesirables.
They're at 34th and Biscayne.
Because we know what's going on down there.
Mom maybe not.
Hey by the way the guy with the anal sex thing.
Bye bye bye.
Have a great life with the tinkerbell.
So Linda sends me this fact she says,
Hi Neil my husband and I just mailed in our Arbatron radio diaries this week.
Of course we can't make any comment on that.
We both listen to Moe for an hour and a half every, I would not say an hour or half an hour every weekday.
We're only listening to catch his latest inane remarks about you or others at the station.
He must be a very stupid person to wage a war with you.
It only makes him appear more obnoxious and unprofessional than the extreme.
You don't have to know the guy to be able to tell what a painting must be to work with or to be around.
Says Linda she don't even work here and she knows it.
And knows that he tried to get poor little George fired.
At the worst possible time of his life when he just his wife just gave birth to that surprise baby.
Also Linda says I think George should be paid as much as how it since his numbers are higher and she's got a good point.
Absolutely correct.
Ma'am.
After all what else matters on the radio.
George is great.
My only complaint with him was when he was treaching his wife all the time.
Rick Riley used to do that I think it sucks.
It would be okay if his wife had equal time on here.
Well guess what's starting next Monday morning.
Crystal Rodriguez on here next Monday morning six to nine.
Huh?
She would love it.
It says I too miss Timmy a lot.
I think the show suffers from his loss but I still love the show what we're today.
He's talking of course about passions.
I can't believe I'm a small girl last night.
What is wrong with me?
I was in the first place.
Pretty good hockey game.
Huh no flesh.
When do we ever see flesh?
That big hug.
Other than that one episode there with the sweat where everybody's a season.
Yeah right and that was oh that's right when the teacher was uh yeah.
Thank you for the quality show that amuses and informs us.
Linda keep reading those bedtime stories.
Thank you sweetheart.
We love you.
Bloomberg's boycott opens door for another parade controversy.
Poor old Mike.
This is from the A&P.
Get ready for another parade controversy.
It was only earlier this month that Mayor Michael Bloomberg
bought out of the Columbus Day parade in favor of a very large very public.
It's had in lunch with cast members of these sopranos after organizers
objected to his marching with them.
Now almost before the mayor had time to digest his penne
he's mixed up with the St. Patridge Day parade and gays.
Gays.
That's a guest.
Gays maybe that guy that was sending me the thing about Justin Tinkerbell.
Bye bye bye.
He's gonna be bearing his ass on St. Patty's day.
Sounds to me like he bears it just about every day.
The parade organized by the ancient order of the high birions
allows gays and lesbians to march but not to identify themselves with a banner
as representing a gays or lesbian organization.
Right.
How do you like that?
Asked about it during the Columbus Day controversy,
Bloomberg said he would march down Fifth Avenue for the St. Patys Day parade
as well as had an inclusive parade in Queens.
Queens.
He said he would also invite gays and lesbians to an annual St. Patys Day breakfast.
He hosts at Grace Mansion.
He's in the last year.
You know the rest of the world keeps laughing at us.
I hate to break the news to you boys and girls.
The rest of the world keeps laughing at the USA.
That this kind of crap still goes on.
On one hand they're laughing on the other hand they're scared
crap was because of all the guy named Guns.
Crazy people with guns.
And as you travel around the world you realize this is one of the very very very
few countries in the world where you have all these crazy people with guns
and people in places like major metropolitan areas like Washington DC
are afraid to let their kids go out of the house or even walk
go get gassed or do anything because they're afraid some lunatic that's
unluced is gonna blow their crap away.
The more Bloomberg was asked the less he seemed comfortable with that position
earlier this week he finally suggested he may not march at all on St. Patys Day.
I don't think that any of the censorship or discrimination makes any sense Bloomberg said
Monday but if the parade organizers found whoever I choose to invite next March on acceptable
I go have dinner in an Irish pub instead of an Italian restaurant.
Good for him.
He added who I'm going to invite I don't know I hope the organizers find whoever's chosen is acceptable.
Parade Director James Barker is stoked to controversy
hinting that organizers may object if Bloomberg invites the wrong guests like if there's
maybe too many priests in the parade would be bad I would think.
If the mayor wants to go to an Irish pub said Barker that's his right there's nothing to
answer now because we don't know who he's inviting.
The parade is one court decisions that back its prohibiting against the Irish lesbian
and gay organization from marching under its banner in the parade for the past 11 years.
Bloomberg's apparent and what about them little elves huh those elves and ferries?
Bloomberg's apparent reconsideration of a stance could be the result of a campaign led by some
of the city's most prominent gay and lesbians during the past several days.
State Senator Tom Duane City Councilwoman Christine Quinn and members of the Irish lesbian and
gay organization have written letters of protest to the mayor and on Monday a few hours before
the mayor publicly considered his decision to march they held a press conference in city hall
to denounce Bloomberg Bloomberg whatever it holds name is this week.
The St. Patrick's Day parade is a long troubling history of discriminating against the lesbian
gay bisexual transgender community Quinn said at the press conference.
Blayer Bloomberg's decision to march on these same patties they parade validates discrimination
and exclusion and denies the very essence of this city on Tuesday Quinn said the pressure may
have gotten them here to rethink the his position like prone.
Well I'd like to think that my letters in the press conference have led him to reconsider said
Quinn's position has seemed to soften a little bit we bit. Bloomberg spokesman Ed Scholler said
what the mayor wants most is to avoid a repeat of the Columbus Day hoopla the parade is a long
way off said Scholler nobody wants to repeatedly last parade of that debacle is what he said.
Well the votes are pouring in on this very important pool here baby they're pouring in you notice that
what do we got 7000 already 138 already the reason Moe Howard David and his ratings are so
weak is he's a pompous ass 40 I don't know I won't listen to Neil 32 and it goes from there who's
Moe Howard David 17 we're trying to give a lot of publicity on the show and like his buddy fish said
he couldn't buy it for 50 million dollars and fish you are absolutely correct I mean it's not as good
as effective as those billboards that Greg read his poem huh see the reason we don't have any billboards
is because cheap channel loans all the billboards that's why you see all the IOD billboards and for all
the cheap channel 400 stations in the market this is because they own all the goddamn billboards and
are we gonna pay for them no way now how about the TV spots did that campaign hasn't I kicked in yet
and the big newspaper ads they've done the job no attack on internet called the largest ever you
wear that this just happened no well you will be when we come back following the break because I don't
because I don't want to look interrupted it's pretty important stuff then we got the audio of the
McBride bush debate not and the best part of the thing is here these are sports guys him in
guilty and Robert they're supposed to be the sports guys and they evidently watched all our parts
of the bush McBride debate last night because they were talking about it and I'm supposed to be the
you know the guy with the bedtime stories the political curmudgeon I didn't watch that thing I
wouldn't watch it for all the money in the world I'm busy watching hockey games in the world series
a little bit a little bit of my good close personal friend yeah there's all this other stuff going
on where what am I gonna watch that debate for I already knew I'm gonna vote for 20 or 30 times
there any choice I mean anybody would vote for a fascist right wing anti-human hypocritical
asshole like Jeb Bush they're gonna get what they deserve and you know what they're gonna get
a right wing anti-human hypocritical piece of dirt is what they'll get if we get four more years of
Jeb Bush you think about it folks is that what anybody with a brain wants oh my god do lights
of West Bokka your low-carb sugar free actkins died superstars got a spectacular new section of low-carb
cookies not just one flavor but 14 different cookies from three different bakers I have them all
I do they're delicious and if I had to pick a favorite I couldn't because I haven't tasted
me yet frankly but I guess PD Lenny's talking about him he says they're great peanut butter chocolate
chocolate chip lemon coconut all sugar for your low-carb you can stop by the lights and sample any
of their products you can try and before you buy them the lights also gave us a loaf of their new
carb low low carb bread called sinfully low-carb bread spread some of that new line new but jam on it
you've got a great low-carb breakfast and don't forget is your official actkins diet retail center
the lights of West Bokka sells every single actkins brand product at 25% off every day of your life
you heard the reports on NBC CNN on wtv j they still all say it's atkins that can help you
share that fat it works for a lot of people the lights of West Bokka's got a friendly knowledgeable
staff to lead you down the path to health they're open 10 till 10 every single day seven days a week
right there in the corner of blades in 441 in Boka call one eight said isn't that near prime in Boka
two yeah I think it is call one eight seven seven low-carb or see him on the web at lowcarb.com
y
This is the show of the tomorrow,
New Rockers.
This is the show of the show.
You're asking questions?
He'll be coming down for further know,
Ponce in Patee's day.
A great day for the hey, Rishala,
across the USA.
What big horror, what is this I hear?
The scryon ballihoo,
There's a bunch of queers again this year,
Who say that I Rishala,
Oh God, love the Aish,
And less of course you're gay.
If you are, you won't be marching
Upon Saint Patee's day.
You can be your bum,
A bucket of scum,
Sure, and that's okay,
But you can't be Aish if you're gay.
Oh, we're fine.
All the order of hyphurneans,
Those emanants is great.
Have delivered this pronouncement
Upon the blessed day.
Sure, a little bit of heaven,
Fallen nestled in the sea.
But you're gone straight to hell,
A homosexuality.
Oh God, love the Aish,
And less of course you're gay.
That was their pronouncement,
Hell's the heist begin to play.
You can be a Khan, a Mafia, a Donk.
God, love the Aanyway.
But you can't be Aish if you're gay.
Oh, L-E-S-E-A.
And S-P-L-L-S-B-N.
Choose another whim and part a mate with.
And development can never get a date with.
L-E-S-B-I-A.
And S-E-S-E-A.
It's the shame that these games
Want to come out and march with us.
L-S-B-N.
No way, but just as a carnival corner.
You sure are such a straight.
It's miles like the Kennedys,
The Bade this country great.
We don't allow Lope de Pan,
The wedding of the Green.
And when we say up the Aish boys,
That is what we mean.
Oh God, love the Aish,
As long as men are men.
Except perhaps the Leporcars,
We've never been sure of it.
You can be stinking, drunk, and hurled,
And drunks will laugh it all away.
But you can't be Aish if you're gay.
Oh, you can't be Aish if you're gay.
Stupid.
Don't even try B and Aish if you're gay.
10-0-0-0-5-60.
W-Q-M. Happy Wednesday, too.
Before we do that thing about the Internet,
Which, I'm amazed that you haven't heard about that.
Leaders of the Roman Catholic Dicees of Toledo
Placed on leave a priest accused
Of repeatedly sexually using a boy two decades ago.
When you hear the name,
It may set you back a little bit.
The Reverend Bernard Cockazinsky, 64.
I'm sorry, that's his name.
The Reverend Bernard Cockazinsky, 64,
Will be temporarily replaced as pastor of St. Anthony of Padua
In Columbus Grove, Ohio,
Bishop James Hoffman, said yesterday.
I do a kidneype ski.
William Clark.
I heard he was pretty cocky when I heard.
Now, 43, said he was raped and molested
By Cockazinsky in the rectory at St. Joseph Church.
In free mod, according to a lawsuit in Lucas County Common,
Please court.
Clark sued the priest last week,
Asking for more than $25,000 in compensatory impunity damages.
His case is the eleventh lawsuit being filed against the local priest
And the Toledo diocese since April.
He said he was raped and one of the nine cases alleges
That diocesan leaders knew of a widespread pattern of sexual misconduct
Among the clerics but failed to stop it.
Of course, Cockazinsky has served in at least nine parishes since his ordination.
He declined to comment about these suit.
All he did was clear a throat and say,
Like that, that was it.
That's as far as he was willing to go.
So we're waiting to see if Maddie Bell is going to come through for us today.
Or could be another day.
Let's have that noon bit hour.
I think we're going to have somebody give me 367 votes on that poll.
They're pouring in.
We got noon to one, the big Wednesday noon to one hour today.
And thank God for that, you know,
Because the pressure was so great for Maddie Bell showing up.
Hey, let us down.
I'm sure it's not his fault, but he let us down.
Usually he comes waddling through that.
Hey, pal, he's kind of like, he's like fat boy junior.
You don't think they're all in suspense inside the building too.
They want, oh, you kidding me.
They want to see those numbers.
They want to squeeze them.
They want to examine them.
They want to look at them with a magnifying glass.
Believe me, they'll need one for some of the numbers.
I don't want to mention which day part.
You know what I'm saying?
Twenty till noon at five sixty.
How many QA and we all have different lifestyles, Mo.
Therefore, we need different products to make us feel better and be healthier.
Especially the older you get, man, start popping lots of that olio, man.
They have one for old age yet.
Well, don't forget.
Old olio, man.
That's good.
Mo, man.
And then there's that moldio made for bad hair pieces.
Olio made Mediterranean formulas or advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with good stuff, vitamins and minerals,
herbals, other nutrients scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs.
They've got three great new formulas for you.
Sleep, weight management and coq 10.
And trust me when I tell you, coq 10 is one of the best things you can take for your heart.
I'll using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil like I just said only moments ago.
Olio meds are not standing new product that you can pick up at public secrets Walgreens say hi to Marcy Walgreens, please.
For more info call olio med at 1-866-olio med.
That's 1-866-6536-633.
You can also order their grade products online through their website olio medamerica.com.
And if you visit your nearest publics and buy an olio med product in Barrett and Dave counties,
you can get you a coupon for a free Larry Coker Bobblehead doll.
Oh!
Wow, supplies last.
What more could allow life is just not complete without one of those.
Don't forget to visit their sampling provision at sports night every Sunday too when the dolphins are playing home games.
Pick up some free olio med samples and product information and start popping some real soon.
Buy the local species five cities three years old your company.
You in.
I can 30.
Hey, gotta tell you soon.
Trust me.
How boy books and the telly.
Super.
And see all three in clocks and make chillin' socks.
Here's what smelly.
For a telly.
Dave and Shane gave him all the stuff.
Now he's got it rough because they sang him the present.
He's a present.
Looking back makes him want to solve even things.
A pop wasn't a good decision.
A decision.
Plus Santa, Thursday night, he said David Chang like no one's fired.
Cause he's lying.
He's got egg on his face.
He pulled out of the race now he's done.
I saw him in a ride.
Maybe now he can buy a telly.
Cause the torch was his flame.
He came to that home game for a selly.
1146, 14 chillin' at 560 WDQ.
Here's a psychotic facts from Andy at Airebel Fabrics in North Miami.
Who says?
The reading of articles is torturous, especially extremely terminal and ponderous.
It's irrelevant why am I listening?
Something that you're number one in your time slot.
I don't understand that.
It's irrelevant why am I listening?
Nor that you're number one in your time slot.
I read.
Please, Neil.
Stop reading.
I'm feeling like killing some people when you read.
It's pure noise.
Yes.
This will be my last facts.
No, it won't.
All right.
Do you understand that?
It's stupid.
We are.
Ready to sign the point.
Now the desk's brought up.
It'll never be your last facts.
I just got a fact from Mark the Jets fan.
Another one.
You see you people out there who keep threatening you're going to turn it off.
I can sit here and go.
Move the movement like that for four hours.
And it's a lot easier than researching all these articles and reading.
It takes a lot less effort.
Move the movement like that.
I can loop that.
Yeah.
And then we can live up to the building that we're getting, you know.
Another train monkey.
Right.
Go on.
Move the movement like that.
Still get big numbers.
Still beat his numbers.
I guarantee you that.
No contest.
Now wouldn't you be embarrassed if you got beaten up by somebody making sounds of a train monkey on the air for four hours?
Move the movement like that.
No problem.
As long as they know it's me.
And of course, when they be sure it's me.
Just like how they're really sure that I'm here right now.
Was that the hockey game, didn't I?
No.
See, I might not even be here right now.
We might just be funnier again.
That's right.
Except for those people that saw me at publics on Sunday.
You could be at Rome.
I could be doing a show of guy named Rome or Rome.
Okay.
I could be the old gnome in Rome and you wouldn't even know it.
If it weren't for some people with loose lips that opened up a month at one Friday.
I just wanted to like one day, just one day.
Pullable over their ears.
I said you were traveling.
No, you did not.
That's what I said.
No, you did.
Did not say that.
Well, then it was Joe.
It was Joe Mama.
People presumed that I had let it out of the bag and then just went ahead.
See, why did you say, you see at the time you denied it now?
Now you think that because I'm old and feeble that my Alzheimer's is going to kick in.
I don't know.
It was the same thing at the time, but it didn't.
No, you did not.
You said to me, you said what you were talking about it, blah, blah, blah.
Like that.
You weren't talking about it tonight at all.
I was not talking about what I was going to start doing as you're just for one day to prove the point.
Then no matter where I was sitting on my ass that the show was going to sound the same.
Reading ponderous articles like the piss off that guy that just facts me.
So what?
So how's the weather in Toronto?
So let me say this to you, okay?
It's getting pretty chilly up here, eh?
And I'll do one to show whatever I want to do.
Okay, we're still doing just fine.
And you're not listening because of my ratings.
And you're not listening because I've been on the air for 800 years here.
You're listening because you choose to listen.
You can be playing goddamn records right now.
You can be playing with yourself, which you probably are in between writing the facts.
But the bottom line is you're listening because you like it.
You love it.
They could be listening to classical music.
Even if you hated, you love hating it.
See what I'm saying?
And somebody who comes on here and lies to us that, you know, and pretends he hasn't listened since his birthday back in June.
Oh, George.
Yeah.
And then gets all crusty and bent out of shape about things that are going on the show.
He must have quite a pipeline, you know what?
He must have a bonsai pipeline.
People feeding him all kinds of information about what's happening on his goddamn show.
You know, I'll tell you what, maybe I'm going to throw all his crap away.
And I'll just live up to what he said way back when.
Maybe I'll just talk about him every day for four hours.
Isn't that basically what he said?
He said if I didn't have the Catholic Church or him to talk about, I wouldn't have any show.
Which doesn't explain how I managed all those other 26 years before he came.
I agree. Well, that's what that bed to pay here.
But nevertheless, I have no problem with doing that.
It's an endless source of material and drop in.
Hello, George.
You know, they're endless.
Jesus Christ.
And then like that, that one thing this morning, I mean, it makes me kill some people.
Yeah. It makes me furious that.
Two then to the more on hour at nine o'clock.
Nice, nice, more on hour.
And I'm the one that wanted some promotion.
That's right.
And I'm delighted that he at least recognizes my existence now, which is a big improvement, promoting that we're going to play the audio from the.
A gubernatorial debate last night.
Anything, anything to even acknowledge there's something on the ear here at nine o'clock.
That's a step in the right direction, Mo, okay?
You sorry, old ass?
Star and Galactic Heart confirms central black hole.
Did you have to do that?
See, he knows his astronomy.
He doesn't know about his internet, though.
I'm surprised you hadn't read that.
No.
Because that's one of the things that they're planning.
You know the evil doers?
Yes, yes, indeed.
Observations of the star closest to the heart of the Milky Way confirms the existence of a colossal black hole there.
Astronomers announced last Wednesday.
A week or two today.
The star passes within 17 light hours of a compact radio source known as Sagittarius A.
Pagdis A. What race is he in?
The fifth.
Nice see.
A, after horse's name, and standard renharnest race, he means it's a horse that was bred in Australia.
Didn't know that did he have a good idea.
If it's in, it's New Zealand.
Really?
Yeah. Like douchebag N.
Is he in the codes?
Pagdis the Galactic Center and completes an oval orbit around the super hotspot every 15.2 years.
The orbit at attributes mean that the entire mass of the interior object between 2.6 million and 3.7 million times that of the sun is crammed within a space about three times the size of our solar system.
The staggering density can only result from a supermassive black hole.
Bray!
According to physicist Rainer Chodell, who with colleagues published the findings in this week's journal Nature.
We can confidently now say that a black hole doesn't indeed exist at the center of our galaxy, said Chodell, who works at the Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics in Gartscheng, Germany.
Scientists suspected that the Galactic Center harbored a black hole, but hadn't ruled out alternative explanations for these Sagittarius A radio source, such as a dense cluster of stars or stellar material within a few light years.
How do you like that? We got a big black hole out there, baby.
Bray!
It could only have been a black hole.
That's what Scroan said.
Let's see, two suggestions for the 12 o'clock funnies.
The burps and... Oh, the chicken dance. What does that thing call?
Body sound effects. Something like that. I'll figure it out.
Root obnoxious, foul, and distasteful of the dolphins are losing.
Ah, that's that guitar man thing.
Cuxle hoist dolphin.
And he also, Scott, and Scott just getting really chronic.
He wants to hear that old lady who says...
What the hell are you?
Well, can you believe I remember where that was in Bank 3? What a memory, baby.
So there you go, Scott. You got like part of your deal, and I'll work on the other ones. I'll think about it.
Here's Warren, who fabled. They're busy on a fast machine today.
What's with the epidemic of non-promotion at QAM?
First, there was Moe ignoring the fact your show follows him.
Now, Joe and Mark Fame seem to have caught the fever.
Listening several nights and mornings, I noticed whenever Joe lists the line on each day,
conspicuously absences any mention of manage.
He never fails to mention Howard, then you at 9, Hank at 3,
is there a problem between them? Or is this just a condition of Joe's cross promotion with Moe?
I noticed Moe don't mention the mad dog either.
Maybe that's because he called him a slipped up and called a Moe that one time.
I'm sure.
Now, seriously, he'll start with Hank, and he goes through the thing in a ballgame,
and then we got the Eddie Kaplan, the dirty boy's over there, and that's it.
But there's no mention of like a mad dog.
Probably because he figures these part of the same day part.
10 to 3. Oh yeah?
And he just want to do anything to goose up 10 to 3.
Well, he doesn't understand, Moe. I hate to break the news to you.
What you don't understand is that everything that we're here on is based on 9 to 1,
because they have these amazing things called breakdowns and rating,
which we're looking for, where some people have a nervous breakdown when it come out, you know.
And we'll have when they see the hour by hour.
Stupid.
But they have the breakdowns.
You can tell who's been naughty and nice and what's going on 9 to 1.
And what's separate there from 1 to 3.
Maybe it's just an accident. Maybe just forgot about the mad dog.
But no, but that's good logic, because then he'll be able to say that 40% fewer.
Right. 40% fewer trained monkeys were listening to this summer and last summer.
So I think instead of reading all the articles, what I'll just do is I'll talk about that show all day for four hours.
Here's a fact from Jay.
It says if he were to conduct yourself as an adult.
Oh, this, you know who this is from?
Oh, yeah.
This is from, uh, always with a Jay.
Always starts with the Jay, see.
He typed it out to make, uh, they're thinking to do anything.
I'm not going to read your crap, Jerry.
Jay, whatever name you're using today.
You know what both of those rhyme with, don't you?
Jerry and Jay and today.
Yeah, yeah, that's what they rhyme with.
But have a nice day.
So I guess we got some cross promotional problems on his radio station.
Now we never had that before. Did we?
No, this is never ever had that before.
It doesn't a mistake.
No, he wouldn't be doing that deliberately.
Why you always stand up for Joe.
I like Joe a lot.
He was a good guy.
But he was here the other day.
He was, I don't know.
He's a little off his feet all of a sudden.
I don't know what his story is.
I think two, I think this guy's got it right.
Too much concerning with Moe.
His turn, his turn him.
No.
Yeah, I don't believe the facts.
What did he say about Moe?
No, show.
Both of you.
Come on, both of you.
Yeah.
Let's hear it.
Let's hear it.
Here's a good, here's an excellent fact.
This is the best fact we've had all day.
You know what it says?
What?
It says, I listen to the Nearodius show because I'm an asshole.
Oh, I've been, I've been, I've been from sunny Fox.
Hi, this is sunny Fox.
And I listen to Nearodius because I can hear the word asshole.
No, because he isn't assholes what he's really trying to say.
I guess we had that ass backward.
That sunny Fox bit.
Now what did Joe say about Moe?
And that morning's show?
He wishes nothing but the best.
Brian's with Blow or him.
Now come on, see you're just, you're hoping.
I'm lying.
Yeah, you're, we know your lying.
You said anything about it.
That's not true.
That is not, he's not into it.
No.
Well, why not?
What's wrong with it?
Are you knocking that morning's show now that we're, we're a part of that six to ten.
That's part of our day part.
I understand.
I hope everybody listens to it.
That's our partner show that we're trying to like goose up by talking about him until he can't stand it anymore.
Yeah.
To force the audience to tune in and see just what it is.
What is it?
You're, you're just, you're such an asshole.
It hasn't said crap.
You're so full of crap.
Four minutes till noon at 560 WQA.
Hey, ass Tom Layman.
He'll do a whole dialogue with you about the morning show down there.
That's one of his favorite subjects at Halipaniac.
He's a student of this radio station, good old Tom Layman, and a student that giving you great deals too.
And this Halloween, no tricks, just treats at Halipaniac announcing the great 0% Halloween event going on right now at Halipaniac.
I bet you time voted on our poll today too.
I bet you I think I know what he voted for too.
That's right with the proof credit from GMAC.
You had 0% financing up to 60 months at all, 2002 Pontiacs and GMC models and select 2003's too.
I'm getting choked up just thinking about that thing with Joe turning on the mad dog.
Or take a rebate up to 4 grand.
Damn it.
Here's even more good news.
No payments for 90 days.
Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the Onhoi voted by Motor Trend as SUV the year and the all new Pontiac vibe SUV that's got the power of a big
Gutscy sports car but it's your ain't no Corvette.
Halips also got a stupendous unbeatable selection of dependable.
That's the operative word dependable use car's trucks SUVs.
You won't find a single lemon on that lot.
No fruit.
And as far as credit is concerned no matter how crappy your credit is, if it's mediocre on the edge and even worse than that, they'll still get you a deal worked out and get you into a new or used vehicle at Halipaniac GMC.
Don't forget it's the great 0% Halloween event that's going on right now as I speak.
At Halipaniac you'll find them at 134-01 South Dixie Highway on US 1 across from the falls a pillar of stability in the same location for over 35 years in this God for a second town.
Halipaniac GMC who be professional grade.
We're sports radio 560-UAM.
The state Goldstein but you can call me Chelsea.
Whenever I'm in town I listen to, wait a minute I am in town.
It's the 12th or 1 hour.
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Unutreable outstretched gun mechanisms themselves in an Champions Indoor maze.
Now, reach yourridge.
rs Ke Yepa!
No, we have not yet decided on the whole deal.
It's not for a moment that it's hindering us!
We have to watch healthy food from three all the covid-related Manuel who desperately had because his previous first death.
Oh
We live
It's a push and rumored they be cracked at home. Okay, we're gonna interrupt our big new to one hour because Maddie Bell came in here with the bad news for George. George
Oh, is an apology to that old man with a bad to pay. You want to apologize? Now, where should I do it for you?
Well, I could start. Yeah. I'm sorry. I suck.
Oh, here we thought that six to 10 was so bad because of the six to nine hour. Well, they're not that they were great. Hope you're listening, mall. Well, that's right. He'll hear it through the grapevine. Here, listen.
Man, 18 plus and at 25 to 54 thing, I got to look at that again. Can that be possible? Where's that thing again? I mean, he was pretty week. All right, six to 9 a.m.
Six to 9 a.m. and men 25 18 plus he was a number nine with a 4 point. Oh, number nine. Got that. 25 54 6 to. Oh, that's not our number. Excuse me.
9 a.m. to 1 p.m. and 25 54. That's what that book that number three with a 5.1. Not even close. Not even close. Big with a 7.1. That's because the other Howard got all the audience 9 to 10.
See what I'm saying. I'm nauseous. But the pizza sure is good. Pizza is a lot of Brad over Tony's pizza at Northwest 2nd Avenue and 135th. Is that right? 191st. I'm close. They're about 1393rd and Northwest 2nd Avenue. Great.
On vocal Brian comes in. Congratulations. Look at his baby. Bad timing. He just had a baby to bad timing. Brian. Very depressing. You're gonna have to start doing some attack George bits now. His rating sucked. Look at us. Our by hour. You want to what do you want? Men? I want men like it. Six a.m. and 18 plus. Most got a 4.3. In fact, tomorrow we're going to do a pull on how come Georgia's numbers sucks so bad.
4.3. Then at 7.4.0. Then at 8 o'clock, a 3.8 year. 9 o'clock, George picks it up a little bit. Not much 4.1. Then he's got two fine hours. Fine hours. 5.8 to 7.4.
Noon to 1. 5.3. Mad Dog picks up that 10 to 3. 5.8 to 6.3. Now we understand why I don't want to promote him because he's coosing up that midday.
He's a threat. Although you did have the biggest hour there. He had a 7.4. That's the biggest hour in the station from 11 a.m.
They just can't take that much. You anymore. They can take an hour day. That little spick talking about eating grisling. Howard in rush. I do really well. In between Howard, sperm and rush. You do fine.
But other than that, they embarrassing. So you owe him an apology. I'd go up to him tomorrow. After a first I'd pull off the two pay and I'd kiss him right on the big ball spot.
But still higher than his right. I give him a machine. What do you mean? It's still higher. Well, of course anything is higher than what am I supposed to do.
But his numbers weren't as bad as we've been saying though. They weren't like 2.3s. Well, you didn't have that 3.8. We had a terrible lead in.
In fact, 25 to 54. That's the target demo. Like I said, he was weak.
Six o'clock, he's got a 4.6 year on the duty boys. Oh, no. That's what his problem was. He won't be promoting them anymore. You need to lead in, Mo.
Joe and Mark. Oh my God. 1 to 5 a.m. A 3.8 share in men 25 54. Pretty weak. It was bigger than that last book. No, lots of eights. Yeah.
The duty boys are where the problem is. And here we thought it was in the morning. It's the lead into the morning show. The duty go. That's the problem.
Because then he goes from at 5 in the morning. They got a 2 points this year. See, not everybody cares about who's got the biggest ass. Okay, Joe?
Well, I do. If he grows it up a little bit like about 2 more or our grades in school up to like about 4th grade at that level, maybe we'll get some more people listening to the overnight show.
Man, that's weak. That's weak. 2.6. And that goes to a 4.6 at 6 a.m. That's most biggest hour. And then once they hear his voice on here, they start running like crazy.
Because then it goes down to a 3.9 at 8 o'clock, a 3.2. And you just keep them right there. No, you don't. You actually went down. That you know something that from average quarter hours of 8,900 men, you went down to 8,100 men at 9 o'clock hour.
But yeah, that is just shocking. And we want to apologize right here right now to the old man with a bad 2 pay for busted his ball. So I mean, his numbers are pretty lame.
But you sure as hell didn't goose them up in the 9 o'clock hour like we thought like you're like all the other books when other people were on here in midday.
Besides you now 10 o'clock you up to a 4.1 in 2554 men 11 o'clock. That's your big hour 7.5. They like you from 11 to noon. That's just that's before eating time.
It's right around lunchtime and they think about eating food eating ass. Then noon to 1.5.9 and mad dog is 6.1 to 6.3 mad dog done good.
Oh right. He didn't real good. And he saved your ass from real embarrassment. I'll send him a card. So we apologize. That's why we get the hour by hour. And we could make him up. We could say, hey, you got ones that we don't make that up.
Okay. We give it the real numbers. And we want to make a men's right now with the old man. No, no, no. He still makes us sick.
Vitamins 1 through 100. Boy, that's a pretty sloppy bunch of numbers there. 10 minutes afternoon at 5.60 WQM. Let's face it, George. You've been hearing about fast train for a long time now.
How about a job that makes sense for you and your abilities? The facts are simple. If you have the dedication, fast train can provide you with all the necessary training to become a certified computer professional.
According to time magazine demand for computer professionals will continue to explode. The average student completes the training in four short months attending school three nights a week.
Once you've completed your certification, fast train will assist you in obtaining your new computer job.
Fast train invites you to come in and visit their train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you. Maybe it's Sayoto Downs. Maybe it's Stistle Down. Maybe it's Northville or Hazel Park.
Call Fast Train tool free at 1-866-Fast Train to set up an appointment with four convenient locations. You'll find them in my Any Pember Pines for Lauderdale and their newest location in prestigious Kindle.
And don't forget to ask the counselor at the Fast Train for a list of students just like yourself that are currently in dream jobs thanks to them.
Call Fast Train today and get yourself on the track to a great new job before spring. Call tool free 1-866-Fast Train or check them out on the web if you like it fast train.com.
Bang in the butt, honey.
Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be a good man. Be
The best night on a instagram Hey
The best night on a Instagram Honey
That's the way it
that's
two looks like he got his head to the seven off with a machete that's not right
that is a guy out there wants to be thrown out of the game I they ought to find
that bastard informing the takers taffy prison if it was up to me I disconnect my
colostomy bag just to pee on his face what's taking that rep so long they're
judging the replay well replay where's the replay room you can't go in there I can't get out of my way
good luck to him
there's this the replay room yes here it is but who the hell are you out of my way I heard how are you you don't know who I am now
that guy did does he know who I am no this guy is yeah he's the dog from play my play guy get back to your
booth or the man that you throw that movie split out of the game fight a power vested in me by the
commissioner for frick frick who frick you frick you somebody get this guy out of here
hand me your quiz links the carol man let's go get you a frick and buzz off me a
loo that time for this throw out the window
you all right though yeah landed on my way
hello hey oh is oh Jay there this is the juice no this is okay oh hey oh Jay this is Randy
Mars Randy Mars why receiver from the Minnesota Viking oh I'm sorry man I have no idea who you are
oh hang on a second on now it's one gram per mile okay now who's this Randy Mars Minnesota Vikings
from the N and L look man I haven't really paid no attention to all the expansion teams as I left
to lead what can I do for you I've been trouble oh Jay and I need your legal advice hang on
a c a bit me that sandwich and then help on now okay Ricky go ahead it's Randy and I'm in trouble oh
Jay yeah I know all about trouble help me oh Jay I don't go looking for trouble trouble come
looking for me what happened tell me well I was mind my own business driving my G rise and this
woman cop got in front of me I tried not to hit her and then they found weed in my car you need
to get a hold of Johnny Cochrane that man saved my ass you'll keep you from doing time for not
getting off that lady cop you know I didn't kill her I just bumped it with my car it was man you
to kill that woman you can't let them live man you ain't got no problems try kill the woman
then you got problems I gotta go unite on CNN ABC MSNBC UPN packs CNBC she be
as NBC Noggin and the Fox cartoon channel it's hyper sniper mania a nightline take a couple
interviews Steve from Dell so you think media hype is encouraging this sniper dude like
then I'll air again joining me tonight is mr. Moose say calls me chief moon I thought
bullwinkle was the chief moose
this bit mr. chief moose as a way from our disc it the moment even you be the snapper please
be with me where you can be re-hello this is the sniper thanks for all the press my
sum of up is five by five two two the responsible journalism continues when your local action
you's puts a reporter smack in the middle of all the action have you seen the sniper yet
no no wait wait here comes the car now hey the new sniper you know guess not that car wasn't a sniper
real thanks for that report will keep our viewers it's a white man this time
coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
we take a good hard stiff look and to start them they came from Tulsa Oklahoma with a mission
a mission to tell the world that even beautiful women passed gas to they were the gap band
oh
let me tell you something people think that song is about love well I'm here to tell you it's
about a woman who squeezed out the largest smelly's the booty burps in America running Wilson one of
the three brothers who founded the gap band was the first to encounter Doris a groupie who worked
her way backstage the band's manager slubby gold I will never forget that night one by one they
come out of the dressing room gagging from the wind this chick is laying down runny says to me
she was damn good but do not even attempt 69 long fed up with the bad rap men get for their
flatulence the gap band recorded you dropped a bomb on me hoping you send a message of equality
that man and women are pretty much alike both that i just as systems processed certain foods into
glass of odor is methane people wanted a love song i guess so that's what they thought it was
the world just wasn't ready for a song about not just butt bubbles and what of Doris
tonight inside the behind confronts her with being the inspiration for the gap bands hit song
oh those guys it's all just sour great i showed them an awful good time and you know how
men will do anything to make us women look bad oh my god
uh i think my nose is bleeding it's a big juicy shopping wet look at your business tonight and it's
behind the line welcome back to the highly rated mo how would they be better to show
putting to my own straggation okay stupid where were we we were doing this
oh rollo you were doing that to me oh yeah sorry mo that's better oh wrong day
oh
you can tell me that yes okay
ronde now you
christ
couser
yeah i love you
ronde gets me
not stuck
not on my watch you
oh
okay
ronde
he's up with you
bow
what's with the kung fu grip
sorry mo
and we got one of our three very important callers on the line him
come here come here what do you want
come here
come here more
i just
come on come on spin it out
what's your cake
you don't understand the goddamn thing you're saying what do you do
i'm playing with my very goker
moly and dog
oh that's quite understandable
why are you sometimes
help me out
help me out
yeah i'll be
you
uh
sorry
you
you
you gotta be told
oh
almost there
she's all right
all right
hey
all right
hey
all right
hey
all right
all right
help me
all right
help me
all right
all right
all right
oh
you
don't
are
uh
uh oh
look at that
look at it all over my way
yeah
jesus christ
warning we have mercilessly taken the following material out of context
without endorsement or permission from those depicted it is our ongoing mission to
make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible
we hope we reach that goal or at least major lab
friends and distinguished guests
simply put
president bush can read only at the most basic level
i'm working with a variety of organizations
to achieve president bush's great go learn basic vocabulary words
education is a top priority for president
and i presented him with the children's dictionary
i'm proud that my husband just yesterday
he said
kinda garden
because education brings opportunity
our public schools are open to every child in america and president bush
thank you for your help
and you're welcome 1224-560 wqa
starting to interrupt our big Wednesday and in one hour but we got these
important numbers down to bright side
as you're just put a bag over said big improvement by the way
on the bright side because see you don't want to take back that apology i
would think because otherwise we'll go out and kill some people now
start with my job because his numbers weren't any good they sucked
it's not that he had good numbers they just weren't as bad as we were like
i hope i'm thinking you know expecting
like everybody in a building was uh... salivating i mean uh... expecting
for example
uh... between six and nine a.m
in men
eighteen plus
where the hell is it already jesus christ maddie where it is
six and i name it in ten plus for number nine
number nine in the market on a sports on that that's our an amensio
number nine
okay ready for that i got it for the four point
oh from nine
are you interrupting again i would never from nine to one i'm trying to give you
like a little boost here after this this this this race
had to get a four point
oh oh
for number nine men eighteen plus we were number one little george was number
one many eighteen plus with a five point five
here and i had just loaded the gun see there you go i don't know to write now
to eight and
men twenty five fifty four for example
how did all mode do in the morning and twenty five fifty four
number eight with a three point eight here that's pretty weak
pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty weak
nine a.m. to one p.m.
george came in number three with a five point one with a five point one
well it's better number five like you did last summer yeah
so i used to have two spots by being on like two or three shows whatever was
during the summertime didn't know i'd not have in tapes this year
right
but uh...
little like it met a uh... like the tiniest level of uh... bonus
for me and me oh yeah yeah that's it's one of the throwback five bucks throwback
half a five but just like a minnow throw it right back like newton minnow
i tried to record it in a water
so there you go just when you got me singing a big tune here we thought we were
like kicking real out you were kicking ass uh... come to find out you were eating
ass that was the problem i'll be calling in hungover tomorrow see here's a
message for all your kids out there it's a lot better to kick ass in life than
to eat ass
much more preferable okay make a lot more money and the win lot more respect and
by kicking ass as opposed to back to eating ass
oh god right in the middle of my game pizza toppings here from tonis
twenty six past uh... don't start you know i just tried to bet you look like you
were about to say something really uh... you know anything ever again really
disgusting and let's face it to the into the moron hour at nine o'clock you hear
more i see i think he's got a point at nine o'clock hour killer
which means you know how it's firm you just cannot compete with uh... you know
when more you can compete that howard
we're not supposed to be competing with more howard supposed to be like uh...
team don't you understand what we're talking about no supposed to be a team
is supposed to embrace him not make fun of those silly plant pants in a
verticals veins and that ridiculous powdery to pay is supposed to embrace him
say what can we do for your brother
father
gramps
twenty seven after the unit five sixty w two and let me tell you about olio med
once again olio med Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of
pharmaceutical rate olive oil and in those little capsules amazing enough they
jam a whole bunch of good stuff in there vitamins minerals herbals are other
nutrients scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to
help you support specific health needs look for olio meds three new formulas
which are sleep weight management and coq ten all using the benefits of the
finest of purest olive oil in the face of the globe
olio meds and outstanding product that's available all over town picks them up at
accords wall greens if you'd like to get more information about what they are
what you where you stick them call their tool free number one eight six six
olio med that's one eight six six six five three sixty six thirty three
and of course you can also order olio med products online at olio med america dot com
if you visit your nearest public and buy an olio med product and databroward
you can get you a coupon for a free larry cocker bottle head down while supplies last
and don't forget to visit their sampling pervidian that sports town each and every
sunday when the dolphins are playing a home game pick up free olio med samples
and pop them right in your purse
my and local
your sports radio five sixty two eight
you a
eight
eight eight four new
eight
eight
eight
eight
eight
eight
eight
eight
eight
you need i'm being motor oil
no nspd you know a sexually transmitted disease
i bet you get it from that city chipmunk who hangs out on the corner
how then did you forget to
wrap that rascal but we only did it once that's only takes a big step now you have to go to the doctor
for some medicine wow looks like i learned a valuable lesson today
my name is
seren
seren
there to go bird without me
could the studios of channel 10 be haunted
my good otterdale channel 10
i wish you
what
i wish you
uh
finest tonight for a special report on the hunting of channel 10
country boys and
uh
there
may the hood use the heart
or a drie.
a good
a
I, when this noise, I, is popping out of his window, and on his
Turn to dust and the shoes
A very, very fun dust and the
I, when this noise turn to dust and the shoes
I, when this noise, I, when this noise
I, when this noise, I, when this noise
Other, train monkey
Stole and moulder are feeling the strange effects
Of all the traveling
And eating in cheap restaurants
Hello
Malker, it's scully
I need your help
What's up?
I have something's going on inside me
I feel like I'm going to explode
It slides files
What do you do when the forces of nature turn on you?
Scully?
I'm feeling it too
What can it be?
I don't know
My room is filled with a stranger room
My tooth
Mable!
It slides files
We'll scully in moulder's nearby
Must get to bathroom
It slides files
It's scully in mongers first encounter with an unidentified
A Folking opposite
What is that?
No, it's just materialized in there
It slides files
Hey, it's better than the rest of the crap on TV
Oh!
Coming up tonight, I'm inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
We take it good, hard
Stiff look in the start
They gave boring old white people a shot at radio glory
They were reflexes
The politics of the world
The end
See, at the start of the song we say
The politicians are now DJs
The politics of the world
And now DJs
Reflex lead singer Baxter explains
The band did not expect their son to be a hit
They wrote it simply to promote their DJ fed as he came for aging politicians
These repulsive, dried up people spent their lives in public service
But never experienced the sexy glamorous world of spin in the hits man
Tonight, you'll hear never before played segments
Taken from the 1983 DJ fed as he came
Like then vice president George Bush
Yeah baby, that was Elvis Costella with every day our right in the book
It reminds me, I have got to teach my son George W. to read before too long
Now let's go to Oliver North with traffic
Also with the mic was Bill Clinton, then governor of Arkansas
Alright, that was to Rand Iran with Union of the Snake
Now in a gal out there that wants a union with my snake
We're taking colors 11, 12, 13, 14, 15
Even Britain's Margaret Thatcher got in on the act
That was Cindy Malpo with girls just want to have fun
I'm going to record my own song
Yes, and call it girls just want to cut back on social programs and sky over working classes
Oh, Charlie Good
The reflex DJ fed as he came
Oh yeah, it's the politics of boo, boo feeling good
It's a big juicy, sopping wet look at your business tonight on inside of I
Oh
Oh
I am
I don't know why they hate me
Oh, why they always hate me
It must be because I got this bull and ran in school days
But they's not, on my arm like a ramic now he mappalaka wad
I got things on my nose and nobody knows that under my clothes I wear empty holes
But that don't mean that I'm gay
If you think my arms are bad you ought to see my legs
I might as well keep on smoothing shade to show little clasps the next time I'm raping it
I could go to a surgeon that that gives me the shivers
I would not want to walk out looking like Joe Rivers
Where am I?
I buy a little beast the fat little freak I did him a favor now we can afford to eat
The reason I dismissed that stink and fat bastard is because he wouldn't shut up and he can't play conestin
I saw him talk over there nobody talks when I rap I rap then you talk
Look at me I'm hit, hit, I ain't no square I'm a ding-dong daddy man I'm really dead
I buy a ready what I want I don't care
But believe they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair
I got tired myself it even happens to the grapes
Westwood once said you'll get out of here whilst we break your legs
So now I sit by the pool life's as good as it gets
With my paladin cocktail placing bets on the jeans
Paradise paradise I don't kiss somebody's ass in paradise
Go go go go I'll be sure to let the screw kids when I get the jeans
But the cleaners aren't ready with my lime green pants
How long does it take?
Can we call it a play and we just a little thought so what I love this day
I think that's funny when I'm not the sandwich buddy I can do what I want but the management loves me
Get a guy a somehow something you ought to know
But along with his time I wanted you to be my dog
You and my title now we have straight, no no
Who would you do?
I won't take no for an answer
But it's not you
Don't do it, don't do it
Don't do it, don't do it
Don't do it, don't do it
There's moosey man
I cannot respond
Okay well that's okay we don't bother us we're used to that
He been out for a half hour he hasn't said a goddamn thing
This might feel even a little bit better George trying to boost up George's morale a little bit because he's down in thumbs because his show sucks
But anyway
Pills or done or razor blade
Gone is easy quick painless
In fact we're gonna send you up to DCC area for a couple of days
I'm gonna give you one of the big red shirt
Anyway, listen to the S9, 6 to 9 AM, men 25 54
Not only did he have only a 3.8 year you had a 5.1
His average quarter hour persons in men, 8700
You had average quarter hours, 20,900
Oh
See, don't I make you feel better?
A little bit
Yeah, what?
You even beat out EDR, you beat out the Shvostation
You beat Mo and Shvoh
And Po, Koshin anymore
And Joe, because they had terrible numbers overnight
Right?
Right?
Three
I beg your pardon?
Number three
In men 25 54
You win number five last year
Alright, alright, I guess I should have
I'd like you to put you up by your bootstraps a couple of points
See if I wouldn't have been sick that much in August
There you go, we had a death knell in August
I request I know
So it's my fault
Request for one
Always look on the bright side of life
Ha ha ha ha ha
Seriously, take a look at that
Because he's gonna be blowing a horn tomorrow
You know that, oh well you see that goddamn
Just goes la pipe smoke
I was talking a bunch of crap there
About we sucked a big one and here we had a four share galley
What do you think of that?
He's gonna be saying how they did
You still kicked his ass, okay?
I mean, you did not so good, but you know
And of course if I wouldn't have been back in September
One can only begin to imagine
Because we saw the breakout for September was a pretty good month
So one can only imagine how calamitous it would have been
But of course the show it's one thing to eat ass
It's another thing to talk about it, you know
Just like Bob Ramot told me
It's a one thing for Square to be doing
Bro!
The other thing for it to be talking about it in public
19 before 1 at 560 WQM
If you got a nasty bald spot like Bokobrine
Boy you ought to see the light shining off his head
Man, he used a wax
He's like the lighthouse Edison
Or is it the other way around?
Well something like that
Anyway, if you're tired of looking like that
If you're tired of having like a powdery wig
Different shades every day
Maybe he's just got a chameleon wig like Wichner
The old man
Which wig?
Maybe the same one at Louis Rookhizer wears on alternate Sundays
Pick up the phone and call Chuck Alphier
Get some real hair back
Because his natural hairline system
That's the difference between his system and every single other one
All the other ones it looks like a wig
Charlie it looks like the real hair is growing out of your scalp
That's why they call it the natural hairline system
Get it?
Then good
Pick up that phone and call 1-800-321-2013
Mention only a Roger
You'll get yourself a 200-hour discount off the regular price
And all you got to lose is that disgusting bald spot
Because Charlie guarantees his work for a 30 day period
If you don't love the way it looks in the fields
If you're not getting a head like every 15 minutes
Just bring your hair back and say
Hey Charlie how about the money back?
No problem
Call today 1-800-321-2013
And get yourself a natural great looking head of hair
Instead of some mousey looking to pay
1-800-321-2013
Or log on to CharlesAlphierry.com
My life and loveless is 420-560
Way away yeah
There's a butt- I smell it
What you done?
If I ask you to dance
Okay
Just for fun
What you have on my back
Okay
Now I just die
If you did let me my love
By invading my world
Tonight
It looks just like a zero baby
Oh
I know I might expect some pain
It will be easier on me baby
If you could find the K and Y
If we dance
What you want buckle my pants
What?
What you cry
If I held my gun high
Oh darling please
Make me feel fine
Pretty big
And just invade my world
Tonight
Oh please invade my world
Tonight
560 WQA presents
Leaving two beats
Starring Moe Howard David as Moe
All in as gay carloas
Steven J. Colestein as Wally
And Brian London as the Beast
I'm home
Hey, where's the hat stand?
I ain't got no place to hang my wig
I'm old, I had another piercing accident
Watch out for the puddle
What is the beast clean this up?
He has tears with Wally
He beast, you better clean that pee puddle before Moe gets home
I don't know Wally, it's kind of achy
So you didn't clean the pee puddle, huh?
Yeah fat little bastard
You tabalad
You're walking, goida
Told you he'd get sore
Don't be so hard on the pie
Hey come here beast
Time we had a little chat
Um, I don't know
Okay
No, you don't say anything to lump through other standard
Okay, I said nothing lumped on token
But you stop but I tell right that's it
Remember my friend here?
Mr. Belt
Don't go, don't go
Okay, I will you stop
I said stop it
You shake your mouth, your pipe smoking poof
Okay, but don't stand near the window
What for?
Curts you might fall down
It's 11 before 1 at 5 60 W come we got the mad dog the highly rated gym man
It's 1 to 3 this afternoon boy
He is a star, you better thank him, you better personally go get him a kiss on the cheek
Kiss him my boat cheeks
And then the Humper who did just fine what did the Humper do?
You know the 6 to 7 hours sucked
That's it
Yeah, that's probably because in 5 and 6 when we got that Bino on there
Everybody turns it off by 6
The after-romal of Bino
Because the 6 to 7 hour was really really weak Humper
But like in men, let's see how did the Hank do?
3 to 0 5 5 5 0 4 8 and 3 5 to 6
He would have had a gigantic book if weren't for that awful 6 o'clock hour
We'll find somebody to blame for that
Oh, you know what?
What?
He wasn't on at the 6 o'clock hour most of the time he was on it was 6 30
And we had that Marlon crap all summer long see
The freaking Marlins that I notice some people are sucking up to again
They're a killer
They're a killer just ask Phyllis Diller man
Who's doing a concert in Manila
With Barry Diller
Which one has the Tony?
Now let's see what about men 25 54
The Humper's got a throw is a 5 6 a 5 1 a 4 7 and a 4 4
Which that last hour was his weakest and again because 6 30 to 7 was the Marlin
Screwed a Marlin
10 before 1 at 5 60 WQM as we try
We're trying and we need dry concepts to come in here and do a job on us
Clean us out on my shirt
Oh, Georgia's pants are like covered with the brindle brown material
I'm not really sure what it is and I'm positive I don't want to know
Because I still haven't quite finished lunch but nevertheless
Anyway, dry concepts will get brown and green and any cover crap out of your carpets
And make them look sparkling just like brand new because they dry clean your carpets
And let me tell you for the 80 million time they're the only people in the world who do this
They're unmatchable
They suck out even the deep down dirt way down in the fibers of your carpet
Which makes them look and smell and feel just like brand new
They smell emity fresh they're a dry and a couple of hours
And you'll have the biggest smile you've had on your push since the last time you got laid last month
A couple of months ago
Anyway pick up that full in a column and don't forget to give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job
If you want to check them out of the Wicked World Wide Web you can do that too at www.thriveconcepts.com
But when it comes to cleaning your carpeting, your furniture, your draper, your repository, anything you got
Led up cleaning, oriental rug cleaning and repair water damage restoration
Pet odors and more they do it all and they'll do a superior unbeatable job
And like I said a written guaranteed price right up front
Inbrouwer called right concepts at 954-370-7778
954-370-7778
In dator-pom beach 1-800-248-5071
That's 1-800-248-5071
Be sure to tell that old mole told you to call dry concepts
My and local
This is 420-560
Way to A
It's a calling
Roll another part
Yes
Problems
EJ
I wasl
I News
Only
It's
Oh, light up my room, I still messed up
And I know why, why, where you at?
Cause I got hot, you feel like I have
You feel like I have, light up, I have
I was gonna go to class, if I got hot
Come on, y'all
Check it out
I could have cheated, and I could have passed
But I got hot
Oh, light up, I'm taking a next semester
And I know why, why, where you at?
Cause I got hot, you feel like I have
You feel like I have, I was gonna dance, go to dance, go to dance
I was gonna go to court, you feel
Oh, I got hot, I was gonna pay my child support
But then I got hot, no you wouldn't
Light up, dance up my whole paycheck
And I know why, why, where you at?
Cause I got hot, you feel like I have
You feel like I have
La la la la, that that that that
I wasn't gonna run from the cops
But I was hot, I'm serious man
I was gonna pull right over and stop
But I was hot, la la la, that never-one-of-a-peer-a-plea-chaking
I know why, why, where you at?
Cause I got hot, you feel like I have
You feel like I have, light up, I was gonna make love to you
You feel like I have, I was gonna make love to you
I was gonna eat your pussy too
Oh, I got hot, I got hot, I got hot, I got hot
Now I'm jacking up, and I know why
Yeah, I got hot, you feel like I have
You feel like I have, you feel like I have
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
I'm this to my entire life
Cause I got hot, you feel like I have
Say what, say what, say what, say what, say what, say what, now I'm sleeping on the sidewalk
And I know why, why, where you at?
Cause I got hot, you feel like I have
You feel like I have, light up, that, that, that, that, that, I'm gonna stop singing this song
Cause I'm hot, baby, baby, I'm singing this whole thing wrong
You feel like I have, bring it back up
And if I don't still want to be, I'm a wild, wild, wild
Cause I'm hot, cause I'm hot, cause I'm hot, cause I'm hot
Are you light on me at the, the, the, the, the, the
Of course, you're gonna have to, you've practiced a lot, and told me you're gonna have to precipitously bad on this
Cause I'm just gonna, a couple more friends, and I'll just go to the superior, and you'll have to get into that
See, I'm thinking, I'm sitting here thinking to myself, you know, I had an 80's share
Which, you know, he didn't do good, he did poorly, not as poorly as we had hoped, I thought
But, uh, poorly, but if he would have an 80's share, nothing would change, you know
He's gonna ask?
Right, one way or the other
Cause it's, it's business and personal, in his case
A guy that comes in a time that blows in here and tries to get a guy that just had an unwanted baby fired
And then is, uh, blowing people down the hall like left and right, caroling and the beast, all the good people
Does blowing them all over the place? Too much blowing going on, you know
Let's see how the numbers come out here on the pool, those are the important numbers
463 votes, heavy duty
The reason Mohauer-David's ratings are so weak, and they are weak, he's a pompous ass 105
I don't know, I only listen to Neil 99, who's Mohauer-David 63, he showed blows 61
I don't know, I don't listen to him 44, I love Mo 23, 4.9%
Is he following that?
He's boring, 23, yell these two squeaky 19, he's alienated to everybody else's audience 11
Because unfortunately his show never sounded better 8, and the beast book bad guess 7
So the beast is in last place, in the situation where it's great to be laughed
You like that a lot?
Don't forget, go out and see Miguel today, he's there another hour
From now to a clock at the QM Van at the Amico 34-1 Viscan Boulevard Miami
And maybe you might win a trip or two to see that often play the Jets in New York with Dan Moreno at quarterback Bob Greasy and Earl Moral
Bye, bye, bye
You're gonna need a watch or show, I'm 5-6, I'm gonna need QA and Miami for another day
4th place, with the sewer of this place
