me and mow and gildy this morning it was pretty good
and i guess he took some of that like personal to see it's just it's a radio show mo
see i guess he understands it's a radio show until his name gets me am i carving him again on
here now that i'm back that's bad even though he was ripping josegaek you miss picking a page out
of my book now how come if i ripped josegaek he sees the most boring person on the face of the earth
that makes me a prick in the son of a bitch but if he does it it's funny can you explain that
to me but you probably can't because you got big problems with him anyway did you at least go
in and wish him happy birthday no one nobody brought the card by your life and how about when he
came in here to give me that song a dance about my asking for a truce or some crap uh did you
have any conversation there i'm afraid to talk to the man and why is that oh he's a scary guy you
think he might miss can screw everything that you say hi i don't want to take the chance the
screw part being the obvious part but you should be very happy because he said this morning that he
backed off and that it was the right thing to do and there would have been nothing accomplished
well i would have loved to pursue it for his birthday present but nobody approached me i had
eight hundred bucks all out they actually did fax me in toronto when i was afraid that you
had sent me the faxed and so i immediately smith came because i thought where you wanted me to make
stick about it again i thought well this guy just doesn't learn his lesson you know sent him in
mo fax is up here in toronto so that came across my fax up there on friday and i immediately went
in the circular file but it did say in the bottom of this page it says please help us celebrate
Mo's sixty nine ninth birthday on monday i should have asked him this morning but that would have
been that would have been cool on unusual punishment even for him i should have asked him which birthday
it was i mean this this november i'll be sixty the big six oh and i guarantee he's a lot older than i
wouldn't you say i don't think there's a question there's no doubt about it let's take a
poll in the building okay who's older and you know another one i don't know who old how old he is
because he's he just doesn't change that much the humber because i've known hang for like uh... i
don't know twenty he's always looked at age whatever you were gonna say that age you were gonna say
that fat you know damn well that's what you were gonna say i saw it wasn't see this is not like my
being in toronto i'm sitting here looking at your ugly stale push and you were going to be
between the that and age there was like a mini pause a little mini me pause i wasn't going to say a
thing about it and you weren't but he doesn't change a lot so i i think could be like i don't
know it could be like fifty five he could be uh sixty one or two i don't i don't know
is he sensitive about that i don't think so not hank
well what does that mean thanks a sport hank no thanks got a sense of humor
like hank hank and i and manage received the three of us we got the right attitude
and that is that life is sweet enjoy it you know that that's that's my attitude
i have no i have no complaints the little dog he's all he's not too happy
don't get me started okay he's not too happy with that tv business he wants back on the radio
is what i'm here it so you're gonna get me started again and most gonna come in tomorrow and blame you
for i got my whole stack of stuff here i got this bilingual crap i haven't even
given the whole out yet for today why didn't know about the joe rose thing he wants back on the
mornings i don't know that that's the rumor i forget who started that i i didn't start it maybe
one of the underlings did no i think you started it but the rumor is that joe is not too happy with
this tv giga channel six and that he's a missus being on the year on the radio and he would like to
be back in the morning show oh and maybe i think it was hank was saying that i think the humper's the one
that started that rumor about joe wants back on the mornings but cimo this is this is what makes
this place so much fun that's why we still have these gigantic ratings in fact when scurran was
in here with the sales department sucking my leg for uh 20 minutes here this morning that's what we
were talking we were all laughing our asses off the fact that the ratings keep coming out and we
keep going higher and higher and nobody can figure out why i said it's like having a gun to your head
to try to blow your brains out and the gun keeps jamming you keep missing we keep doing everything
in our power to self-destruct and somehow we just can't do it so our heartfelt congratulations to
Greg for doing such a great job of trying to self-destruct can't quite accomplish the deed but
and i think muff is it the gay days by the way he just wants to get out there and all in disney by
the word on the street you know that kind of call it the about the word on the street i've only
been back since saturday morning but three two two days plus the word on the street is that the
party's over and the party just like i said on friday the party is over make no mistake about it
and because they play the same stinking songs over and over again they play the same 20 songs
that's my opinion i'm like disney so if you look at those numbers for april boy you can already see the
trend is like uh... you're finished so he can get all you you fork any motion when the next
trend comes out he's going to be puking in that waste basket and over in the cox building i guarantee
that he's got a lot of practice at that old disney see if you would listen to those of us who know
it fact i got CDs here all over the place some great european music and a lot of that great new
transmit stuff that they won't play stuff that they never heard of over there so that's the word
on the street is that the people that were enchanted with their music and with the fact that they
and let me say something else mike you know all the shots in the world at power about how many
spots they're playing that might have been very creative and very funny and amusing for a few
minutes in the beginning nobody cares anymore it's old news you can probably think about the fact
that you're playing more music than there but the fact of the matter is you're playing the same
20 records and nobody wants to hear that crap anymore it is that's my opinion i'm like disney
927 at 560 wqa m got to see my good buddy Troy the skinhead this morning good
Troy a strafford one of his accounts brandy shoes boy we love brandy's nalevos they've been on
the show for a coons age oh sorry Troy when you shop for quality footwear selection professional
service are always important to you but the thing that most people look for is price at brandy
shoes you'll find the biggest selection of great men's and women shoes the best service in town
and the best prices anywhere in the universe period and we're talking not some off-brands but
we're talking the best names of the shoe business like rock ports s a s spares timberland naturalizer
and lots more and with their humongous selection you're almost never here sorry we don't have the
style in your size so find out why most of their customers at brandy's not only keep coming back
but usually by a whole bunch of shoes and each visit some that even match brandy's is open daily
9 till 9 sundays 10 till 5 and you'll find a bit 12 90 north federal highway and prestigious
pomp and obiates be sure and tell them that old nil and Troy stradford sent you by the brandy shoes and
pop right hey it's how it how it David
we now take you live to Mike Tyson's training camp where he prepares for his battle against Lennox Lewis
at the pyramid arena Memphis Tennessee julie 8th 2002 all right next flaky masquerade come out
up here yeah yeah yeah I'm ready I'm ready for you Mike are you ready to spawn my yeah I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready
I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready I'm just having a little problem here
yeah he's got my car I can take care of you yeah yeah I love you seeing flaky I love all your
energy can listen yeah I got to stay away from them all right just jab from far away
take it in close against me shlucky I'm gonna get in I'm gonna fight I'm gonna fight I can take it I can take it I can take it I'm gonna get in
bring it on yeah he's been eating all his foreign partners he's all shlucky
I'm ready for the next one that's good back all right jack radis fish are you next
bring him up bring him up this is incredible just got a facts
it's a bio of Hank but I don't think this got hanks a John it doesn't it's a tank goldberg join ESP
to foot by my my my my my my my my my my my my my 1990 three frequent intruder ESPN sports radio
yeah plus this is old it's as he continues to host sports radio QAms afternoon drive 4 to 7
program hammer time he also works for Bieber Silver still he doesn't work for Bieber Silverstein
anymore does he has worked for them in a long time don't think and he worked at IOD and TVJZ
yeah he's oh wait oh it does have his by a birthday on here I do like that now would he be upset
with me putting this on the area think I don't think so and even if he is too bad Hank he's older nine
ready for that the Humper hey stupid was boring born on the fourth in July hey now how can we never
told us that oh and before I go into the thing about Hank I must say this yeah I'm actually almost
in shock it takes a lot to shock me that Moe actually thought I ripped him in there this morning I
thought we had a good time sounded like Tommy and that's why he walked in here later during that
break and said to me well I guess it was almost indignally I thought you wanted a truce as if Moe you
just don't get it it's radio it's entertainment it we're having fun over here okay rip up rip me
all you want I'll rip you you rip me it's a radio show it's not personal
to me just because you turned 71 today's the reason that I take it out on me I can't control
the hands of time God I thought we had I thought we had fun didn't it sound like fun
it's not me what do you know I don't like that fix anyway that's why I won't speak to Miguel either
born July for night didn't tell you the year yet no
you attended Duke University in 1963 graduate NYU the Humper was born in 1940
so that means on the 4th of July he'll be 62 but now what did I say a minute ago I said he
could be like 60 he could be 55 to 61 or two did I say that yes but he looks the same as he did
you know several years ago right to me to me he looks like Hank the same chubby jolly right
so there you go we're not embarrassed to give our age I'll be 60 in November 5th Hank is like a
couple years older and inquiring inquiring minds want to know how well some other people are you know
this business of Barry Jackass is so and so is like in his mid 50s yeah like I'm 35 too so anyway
to just assure you that I do lose touch with what's going on down here the first thing that I noticed
Saturday's newspaper the Harold in the business it just the paper was laying there it just
happened to be the business section was sitting on top otherwise I wouldn't have even seen this
because who the hell wants to look at the business section anybody out there want to look at business
no no thank you and here's this woman who looks like she attended a lot of those potluck
sufferers although I shouldn't probably say that what is her name Sharon Hadar and she's holding
up a big sign that says bell south unfair firing English speakers but keep Spanish speakers oh
yeah they had that on the local you see this news yeah right and I thought to myself boy
things sure have changed here yeah sure it missed a lot it's never going to change so that's
going to be our poll today's matter of fact language issue divides says so let me ask you this
before I get into the story does it sound any different than does one of them up there you know
what I think you have a better microphone up there yeah I do I really like I said I think I
have to leave tomorrow morning I could be because everything I have up there's brand new certainly
have a much nicer setup nice or furniture oh yeah you'd be very impressed I think I'll take
pictures of it okay this next time could be very impressed with it looks beautiful and that one day
last Wednesday if anybody was listening last was anybody out there listening last Wednesday
no why do you miss it that and I believe in my own mind not being technically a genius but I have
to believe that some way there's a frequency some way somehow that we could be doing that and not
have the dropouts because that was beyond belief and remember I have I potted up CNN and you were
sitting here watching it right and the words actually match the I even I've potted up the audio
and it was in sync not too uh conjure up any grotesque images yeah yeah that's my point and then of
course we had to go off that frequency because there were a little bit of the audio dropping out on
both ends and we went off onto something else and it it sounded good but like a little you know
a little bit of a delay a little bit of a delay down here and back up to you then it you know
it did a lay so it's not perfect but but certainly better than this better than this this is
this is pretty weak so we apologize for the fact the show don't sound that good today but I'm
actually here in Miami in North date and nothing's gonna sound that good in date is it no no
that I mentioned I won a 52 bucks in Pompato Park on Saturday I think I did
and that fat rich is bigger as a house and that he had enough food for much of Chinese army I
haven't mentioned that on the year you know I don't know what I can do with this man we went through
the cafeteria there the buffet and the only reason I did that was because Troy let me down with my
sack see balance for life let me down badly Troy shame on you what is wrong with you man
look at the great job he's doing for the beast I almost didn't recognize the one I walked in today
do you believe that well was he standing sideways no was somebody else now seriously I mean I
would no longer go that far but he's doing very well it's lost about 30 pounds he's gonna save
his life with that thing it's a good program but the problem is it can't be good for you it can
improve your stomach and your bowel movements unless you're eating it it's like broccoli George
can't be good for you unless you put it in your mouth and choke on it and gag on it oh you have no
idea I was sitting there and I hate I hate the only image that I can conjure in my mind and it's
very sick to equate to the way that I felt there everybody's seen remember there's a prudert
film the JFPS assassination and when the first bullet hit him in the neck yeah and he's he's
sitting there like with his shoulders hunched up like in like frozen in time you know what I'm
saying I know it's a very sick image and it's sad and all of that but we've seen it a million
times and of course that's what the media is therefore to desensitize us to these things so
after the 20 million time you'll see it it's not that big of a deal anymore but that's how I felt
like like my shoulders were going to be like hunched up and he and I were like sitting there like
frozen because like like that for what seemed to be an eternity and I'm and of course racing
through your mind first of all it's like you're going to choke to death right there at the table
number one number two you're either going to have to puke your guts out there or run into the toilet
and you know stick your finger down your throat which would almost be worse I don't know all
the good thing was that with the last sip of water finally you know just finally uh
so we'll get back in that good old bilingual stuff baby it's going to be in South Florida where
everybody hates everybody else and at this all now three hundred nine to ten on sports video five sixty
two a.m. we'll go since the cameras left the Osborne's Beverly Hills estate we're wondering
what's Ozzy doing now hello sir what do you want little boy um our little league is starting
up next week and I need to get a baseball bat or those self-bats I don't want anything to do with
bats yeah my whole career has been based on other but bats I'll sell you a glove in a ball
but not a bat no we need a bat to play with it what do you want me to do about it don't you understand
what I'm saying to you I've bitten the heads all for bat before my wife's sharing what me
wear a bat coat get out of here I'll sell you a bat you've been dead of a bat
out of here I won't sell you a bat ridiculous it is it's eighteen before ten at five sixty wqa
m Todd wreck was in here this morning and guess what he still is he's still living up to his name
here's our poll question then we'll get to the stories here get to our stuff hey mole let me
say do you think there's any way I can convey it to him to get him to loosen up a little bit and
he takes it so god damn seriously I've never been anybody like that in my life
it would be like if you had a wild sexual encounter with somebody and you thought god this was
really great and they were like you know she was really emotional and screaming and carrying on
and you thought this was the greatest thing and then you walked away and then later on like the
next day she told all her friends boy it was awful it was it was a worst you know
roll in the sack I've ever had in my life and you think she's how the hell is that possible you know
and I'm sitting there thinking we're having a great time in the little banter back and forth it's
certainly a change from that gay batting log out of that tummy Brady stuff which he can't handle that
either anyway mole it's just the gloves are off baby everybody everybody fend for yourself
here's our poll what now how are all this other bull crap this true scrap you know this is a
radio show we're supposed to be here to entertain the audience the audience loves that
they like the internal warfare whatever it is as long as the people involved understand it don't
take it personal and you really have a stroke on the ear you know like when they get some kind of a
crank phone call or something like that this is I have naked pictures of your mother or some kind
of stupid crap like that if somebody called here and said they had naked pictures of my mother
or Georgia's mother we find it very amusing
yeah believe me hysterical
yeah exactly anyway here's the poll question that is sorry Eric that I just I don't know I guess
just being back here you see how the tone has changed yeah I don't like the tone I don't either
maybe it's all that flim how much do you care about the language problem in San Florida now
man there's another choice there is no language problem huh do you think anybody's going to vote
for that I don't know do you have a problem no because I don't live here anymore just take a look at
the Quebec kind the Quebecers man just take a look at that I've told you that for years and see
it's a total failure look at the frogs it doesn't work it it spawns nothing but hate but anyway how
much do you care about the language problem in San Florida I'm asking here are your choices five
choices a lot this is America speak English enough to avoid date County as much as possible
not at all I'm bilingual so too bad for the rest of you or what's wrong with that you gotta
have that was one for you and Miguel to vote for and this is no there is no language problem
I'm not voting for the bilingual one even though I am because I don't do business in espanyol
in fact there is no language problems kind of like it might contribute no need like that I think
that's what they present in Brazil told W over in Europe two weeks ago when he asked him are
they do you have black people in your country too and I'm surprised to ask if they pick cotton or
not that would have probably been the next question boy is our president dumb or what oh sorry Robert
I shouldn't have done that because Grypro get up so he'll never give me any inside scoop again
like we told me about mose age today I mean if you're gonna have a birthday and you're in a
adult why not tell people how old you are like 60 eyes not the end of the world one me
George did that by the way Moe George did that I said the gloves off were with me not with you
you're still unreal thin ice you're like on the precipice every moment of your life you could
be out if he changes his mind it doesn't want to back off he backed off okay there's the poll
yeah let's let's find out from this audience okay real let's do a real quick poll on the phone
and find out how many people enjoy the internal you know the internal little the
internet scene warfare that goes on as long as it's kept in perspective and people look at all
that other shape I think the audience enjoys it a lot don't you uh in fact that day that I
came on a year and said that stupid crap about the truth which was uh that was a norm can't
thing oh by the way don't forget norm sign in 15 minutes uh yeah for that big show
yeah let's take a couple of calls here and see what the audience says Q.A.M. Hello
that's the same one we had Friday Q.A.M. Hello love it yes love it
there you see that was lie I love it he loves it 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and
Verizon Wireless Line there we go we got a few calls coming in here probably a few assholes Q.A.M. Hello
see what I mean these missed those calls in Toronto baby Q.A.M.
Q.A.M. I love the roofing WQ.A.M. Hello hello yes sir
oh yeah can I see what is the new Roger show I beg your pardon
this is the new Roger show no WQ.A.M. Hello it makes me so hard
that was Howard I recognize that voice you're not full in me mo
WQ.A.M. hey this brings back memories of the old days and Steve came who kind of has a lot in common
with him that's par with you no kidding yeah I love it
yeah you love it all right well it's nice here from you well at least the select that was
painless and I think I read him real quick got rid of real fans to the outro no you were exactly I
was gonna wait that long WQ.A.M. I'm doing great listen why do you think that everybody should
listen you read the newspaper what do you there's another guy who's still listening by the way
chronic as a other guy who's still listening here it is it's already the third of June and I've
been doing that for like four months now don't have to listen go away pals you going away
you can't go in anywhere nobody should have to do anything if you don't want to listen it's a
free country WQ.A.M. hey you're Neil yes sir if he doesn't like it he can ship out you're the
God okay and have a great day I guess he was going to respond see this is the same old thing
again you know I'm asking a specific question about the cross banter back and forth on the station
which it's part of the entertainment it's part of the fun I just I've just never
encountered a person like that he really does take it all very seriously and when he looked at me
and said that he he backed off and then it was the right thing to do and didn't pursue getting
your ass fired it was not a way of admission on his part that he tried to do that but an admission
that he really takes this all seriously a bunch of childish emails even a three or four crank calls
I had in there in those of five minutes were like more serious than those emails you follow what
I was saying and he was taking it serious WQ.A.M. Q.A.M. hello
for these people slower what God Almighty coming back here is like a trip into the end of the
universe WQ.A.M. hey Neil I love your show okay thanks
spec WQ.A.M. hello
there you go so I hope that Greg don't come wild in here one minute which I don't really need to see him
anyway well you know I thought we had a truce I thought yeah I screw you that's my comment Greg
okay screw you but out stand up programming okay we got a 98 share in men on this show or making
you a more goddamn money than Carter's got pills so screw off stand on my face
the three days that I'm here of course I can't even imagine he had to balls this show is facing this
studio after the crappy pulled with me all that stuff about you where I had like almost a nervous
breakdown to try to save your job because we have an old man running around with no sense of humor
I think that's pathetic pathetic and as tit for tat quid pro quid whatever the hell that was
I'm supposed to like declare a truce well the truce is off okay yeah the truce is off
it's kind of a birthday present to me I got to spice up a show a little bit anyway and watch
your can't you know can't help I'll hurt WQ.A.M.
yeah sir
oh happy have you guys thought about just getting together that's in a small room just you
and in and mo and just sit down and you know just explain it to them maybe he just don't really
understand it you know I think you got your thumb on it sir he doesn't get it
I don't know most little intellectuals though but you know I
he doesn't get much shot you know okay we'll give it a shot thank you he want to give me a shot
that one show because I'm a racist son of a bitch and yet this last guy to call just now it's
sounded like one of those brothers to me didn't I love that line and that's the way from city
link about that bro crap that they're playing that was Mike disney who said that by the way said
all your complaints and who happens to also be the general manager of edr and hot 105
and he's talking about bro crap what did they play that's all they play on those two stations
nothing but bro crap WQ.A.M.
WQ.A.M.
hello Neil there was a horse called paper boy Dick Bucksdon was the driver yes sir
Neil how are you welcome back at temporary is it maybe and he was beaten by Joe Monticello
uh Monticello was named the horse Joe marty junior beat him a half a length at Hazel Park
in 158 and three yes go ahead sir anyway listen you know personally I don't like the guy you know
kind of turned off of the morning show but you know if you don't like it he can go back to New York
okay I'll tell him that now see I didn't open up like for a lot of shots here all of course it's
you know free country but that wasn't the purpose of this especially on his birthday that would
be a low shot you know well the reason I'm saying that is because you know that'll come into play
in the ensuing conversations about this I mean you know I don't want to pick on a guy in his
birthday but the fact of the matter is that it would just we're just having a little fun here
I didn't see anything that went on there in fact I heard a lot of yuckin in
the shortland I was going on behind me in the control room they seem to be enjoying it
y'all they were smirking in a shortland a little bit trying to repress it because he wanted
to needs a job but you know and yet it was like there was something serious that went on in there
just just do your thing that's my best suggestion you want to rip me and ask you want to rip George
and assays a nasty little stick with an attitude whatever how you want we can handle it it's a
radio show that's all it's a freaking radio show Mo I'm glad that I'm back here these three days
because that's the thing this morning it like woke me up shook me out of my lethargy
truce my fat old ass that's my comment to that okay yeah
poor yellowish like yeah I've got a roll of paper towels in there for you if you don't want to
want paper towels I want to make sure you see all the different variety of colors they're
soaking through your pants any second it's okay it'll be good for when I go to the doctor later
wqim qim hello who's calling
he's taking calls of you know yeah where you're calling from uh what's on beach no no we don't talk to
people from Palm Beach wqim hello these people are so freaking slow man
like I told him all this morning the reason they scream like that in the soccer games is because
they have to try to pretend there's something exciting going on on those very rare occasions
where there's a goal scored as to try to wake everybody else up
yeah
wqim yeah your job is to just pick on everybody that's what you do that's what you survive on
yeah you deflect your fatness on somebody else you fat pork fingered sausage band
I don't have fat fingers though I was good
I there were so many Fs coming loose there I was sure that one of them was gonna be one I'm gonna have to dump
fat fingered pork pork fat pork fingered sausage bastard that was great
wqim hello wqim where's what Larry Ken oh my oh see I'm glad we're getting this out of our
system today it's like a giant purge it's like everything every once in a while I have to
drain out your septic tank that's what we're doing here this morning for a little while wqim
wqim you know mohadi ability you take care back and kick your goddamn teeth in
and I think you mentioned it ever seen him and Alex bent together no
oh Alex didn't have a live studio audience wqim I knew when you're gonna be back in Amsterdam
what am I gonna be what why do you want to know I'm going out a couple weeks again oh I won't be
there I'll be there in July but sure I have a good one and I keep up the work okay see in the
I'm saying remember I'm playing okay okay okay tootsines get out here man sure where's this
damn thing go away already it's not something the last stages but it's that annoying thing where
you really ought to be home soaking your head with a hot water bottle wqim you didn't hit none
sure as hell did line seven hello
yes sir oh yeah I love it man hey maybe a light maybe a light enough when he works with the mad dog
okay thank you thank you for your perspication sub-servation wqim hello
new yes sir love your show man love your show I got a spy report for you yeah
you're a buddy big head jaw rolls there yeah you have your commercials air around the
class air in on nine forty the same commercials air in on your station is on nine forty well why is
that a spy report any station any given station yeah any given time right oh okay I didn't know
in other words it's probably an agency spot and he cut it for the agency and it runs on whatever
states there don't get all excited about it okay okay okay come down I mean I understand we
got a lot of loyal people out there but this guy he's got a big heart on you know it's all
hooked up to a frenzy so what about Larry Kent they can't bring him back I guess he was just too fat
how's that pull coming I'm gonna vote on a pool during the break I guess I'll wait you're in the break
the best the best episode of the morning wasn't my appearance on a more Howard show but it was
Todd Dreck making a cameo appearance in the studio and bitching somebody out for the fact that
over the weekend he heard he heard a dated spot on some ballgame something that was outdated with
Mark Van der Merz voice on I guess on the hurricane game and everybody that was in here the
attack sales department every we all turned and looked at him pointing the accusatory finger and
saying boy talk about the pot calling the kettle turquoise who the hell are you kidding
good to see they're all still out there man it's great you know every single one of them all the
misfits all the chronic series is like I said it's already the third of June I could say you know
how many times in a past if I said it I could sit here four hours every day and go
but like that and it still be there and they'd be complaining about the tone of it we don't like
the tone of that we don't look like that do it like in a higher key but like that yeah I you're laughing
I'm serious I'm serious I'm the thing that keeps this town going which it isn't going very well
but at least if it wasn't for me they would they would get a whole bunch of people out there and
just have a minion stop deflecting your fat sausage fat on other people that was one of the
best calls of all time she was well worth a while so anyway Todd Greck finally brought me new
copy for fast train well he he says it's new you think this copy is new no you've heard me
talking about the big one hey in four short months you can have a big one too a big paycheck is
this new copy no the same old stuff the demand for certified computer professionals is through the
roof pick up the phone and call our good friends at fast train 866 fast train see all he does is
retype the same stuff and pretend he's giving you new copy he doesn't even put the name of the
client on it that's Todd Greck for you man a total washout a failure summer classes are forming
a fast train right now if you call now you can be certified in your brand new career before summers
and it's start making some serious money like me and the fat the Humper fast train offers Microsoft
certified instructors for convenient locations including the brand new campus in Kendall drop
placement assistance day and evening classes and for those people whose job was affected after 911
fast trains and operation paycheck training provider call fast train at 866 fast train now or check
them out on the worldwide web at fast train.com and then call them toll free at 866 fast train fast
train really honestly can have you certified and ready for that new career in as little as four months
when you call be sure I'm telling the Todd Greck that's with a D Todd Greck told you to call one 866
.
fire
You'll Roger show on 560QA and Miami for Maridado.
Go fuck your behind, go back behind it again or under it.
Freeze cat, marry. That is scary.
Cause there's still got a bone to bury.
Askeill local chaplain and he'll deny that this is happening.
Yee!
Father Shanley, father Shanley.
Broke and little boys makes him feel manly.
He may try to shag ya with holy water and fight.
Agra, fly, fly, fly to the Vatican.
They met in Roma.
Try, try, try to wake the Pope, I think.
He's in a coma, priest, armassin, inconfession.
Tell your sins and they get erections.
Just one other thing though.
Who's gonna pull?
Who's gonna pull?
Who's gonna pull the balls at bingo?
10 out of 2 at 560 WQA.
I should read that tag for Brandy's cause Troy screwed up.
Here's the tag for the Brandy's spot.
We didn't get in there because he didn't give it to me in time.
All this wicked Brandy's shoes, is it the wrong one?
No, you're right.
How many got to pomp and o' copy?
Get outta here, okay?
You skinhead, you crazy schfarzer, you get outta here.
And where's my guy damn food by the way?
Where's my black sack?
On the way.
Yeah, he's on the way to checks on the way to it's in the mail.
That's what Muff said and then he ran off to Orlando.
All this wicked Brandy's shoes, store by a clearance sale, great savings and all famous brands.
Look for the red labels only at Brandy's shoes in Pompeo this week.
Thank you Troy, better late than ever.
He's okay though in my book, Troy Stratford.
He's at least a mix of effort, unlike of course his predecessor.
Roar!
Who was a real major asshole but had a much larger penis.
That's what SCRANCE said.
Here's the facts from somebody who just like Mo takes things too seriously.
It says three whole calls in their cranks and cronics.
Stratford is dead, Neil.
Birriot and unplug the phone and you're way back to Toronto.
I like doing this once in a while to prove my point about the phone's suck.
I mean the phones are crap.
We had an intimate stare.
Of course we had Paul Harvey Jr. one of the worst calls.
You expected me to say one of the better calls.
Now here's something that's unsubstantiated it says.
This might not be a good idea to read this facts.
And it's just for fun.
Okay.
It's just for fun.
I'm sure.
I'm sure that they're all you know who it's from.
It's from Fat Boy's neighbor.
I mentioned that.
So if Mo wants to blame anybody blame Fat Boy because it's from his chronic neighbor David.
Who's obsessed with penises I should point out.
This is I think the first fax he ever sent me that wasn't about penises or Jeff.
I or about Jeff.
I was penis and believe me if he's seen it.
He's the only one.
It says Mo Howard was born on June 19th 1897 and Bensonhurst, New York.
A small small Jewish community on the outskirts of Brooklyn.
Mo's real name was Moses Horowitz.
Uh, Mo's mother's name was Jenny Horowitz and his father was closing cutter Solomon Horowitz.
Mo was the fourth eldest of five Howard brothers to a Mo's brothers Jerome Curley and Shem.
Performed with him as members of the three studios.
Mo's other two brothers Jack and Irving never had a chill business.
Mo graduated from PS 163 in Brooklyn and it goes on a great length.
Okay.
In very poor taste David.
You ought to be ashamed of yourself.
What the hell is wrong with you man?
Too many meals with Fat Boy.
Anyway the poll already has got 23 votes on there.
It's up how much do you care about the language problem in South Florida,
which I eventually will get into the story.
And then Robert Steinbach, of course, another one of our residents far to experts.
Right.
So a whole column about it in the Harold War of Languages divisive.
No kidding.
No kidding Robert.
Man, I'll tell you he puts everything in a such great perspective.
It makes me delighted that I'm back in town because I probably would have missed that column on the website.
They their website is just crap.
The Harold the worst.
First of all, when you go to like MimeaHearled.com,
then you get a menu, then you have to choose like from the Miami Harold,
the Jewish Harold, L Harold, Harold Solomon,
you know, all this other crap, modern Harold.
The ethnic group liberals love to hate somebody as facs me this.
Michael Gonzalez, who I guess isn't writing anymore a Carter.
And old Jewish joke has two old men sitting in the cafe,
one reading a Zionist journal and the other one an antisemitic screed.
The first two excreates the second Jew who replies,
listen, your papers full of Jews being persecuted.
Their cemeteries vandalized in their synagogues burned.
Mines full of Jews controlling the banks, the median Hollywood, so I like good news.
This joke comes to mind when I see how the media trash Cuban Americans over the alien Gonzalez affair.
How come Cuban Americans are fair game for media barbs and also explains
why I'm taking more than a small delight in this attack on the ethnic group by sometimes after mine myself have a long do.
Cuban Americans can talk all they want about statistics that show comparatively high education levels of middle class incomes
after only four decades in America.
To me, there's never been a bigger sign that Cubans have succeeded in America than the total absence of any political correctness in the whole alien story.
And yada yada yada.
Oh God.
David Reef writes in the New York Times that Miami is an out of control banana republic within the American body politic.
And then this guy Michael Gonzalez says, oh well, worse things could happen.
In fact, I'd be more worried if the time suddenly found reason to sympathize with us.
Another one of those apologetic.
Excuse me because I'm Cuban and I can't help it and everybody's picking on us just like that thing about the frogs there Don Cherry and Wayne Gretzky to any Olympics.
Oh, everybody hates the Canadians.
They want us to lose hate to break the news to you, but nobody gives a crap about the Canadians.
The wonderful country I enjoy being their part of the year and it's great, but nobody cares a.
Sorry.
So anyway, here's this story in the business section of Saturday's Harold and this woman is holding up the sign.
And she's got a look on her push man.
You really have to see the picture a look of just a share and hate our takes part in a protest at the Bell South Central Office at 600 North was 79th Avenue West Miami day.
The company is reorganizing its call centers language issue divides only multilingual Bell South service reps will be allowed to remain in Miami.
See, I don't understand if you want to speak English, what are you doing in Miami in the first place?
If you want to be an American, what are you doing in Dave County in the first place to make any sense to me?
They didn't get the memo.
No, you didn't get the memo. Is anybody considered a date County part of America?
What the hell is that? Oh, see, that's the wrong place again.
Oh, it's in a wrong spot from.
Oh, well, I'm just I'm just not used to this heavy duty stuff we have here.
You know, I got my little amic believed studio up there, which is a lot better in this one by the way.
Where the hell is that thing on here? Oh, there it is.
Okay, no, that's not it. Where is it George? Oh, there it is. No, I'll see. I never would have dreamed that.
Anyway, it says the communication workers of America, the union that represents workers and Bellsouts call on customer service center.
Pukets grievances to the street with a rally Friday protesting the company's plan to keep only multilingual customer service reps in Miami.
As part of a statewide reorganization of its customer service and call centers, Bell South is establishing its multilingual call center in West Miami day.
Ten centers in Florida being merged into four and specific operations are being assigned to each center.
The remaining centers will be in Miami for Lauderdale Jacksonville and Pensacola. Bellsouts said these plans were announced at the beginning of the year.
The union claims that Bellsout how about that CIA by the way, huh? Oh, and the FBI.
Oh, we'll get to that.
All these silly people running around waving their flags and singing air songs. What did I try to tell you idiots out there?
All you pseudo patriots that they're taking your tax money and they're pushing it away right down the toilet and sticking the rest of it in their pocket.
And between the FBI and a guy at MCIA, they couldn't find Yeldy for Christ's sakes.
Even just by hearing his voice, they still couldn't track him down. That's how pathetic your government is.
Anyway, the union claims that Bellsouts collection center in Miami is being closed and collection reps who speak only English are being asked to relocate to the call center in Jacksonville, transferred to another job within Bellsout or leave the company with no severance package.
How do you like that? Kind of like George was going to get here until Mo backed off.
The union said some 50 to 60 workers could be affected. Yeah, that's the only reason you're still here by the way.
It's not because I went to bed for it's because he backed off because it was the right thing to do.
Should I mail the thank you card to his house or stick it in the stick it studio stick it throw it into the confetti when he comes in tomorrow morning stick it.
Nine minutes past 10 at 560 WQM. We already had Paul Harvey Jr. We had blind Mike on the phone. We had the.
You're okay. You're gay guy. It's great. He was one going. That was him. That was Steve.
Oh, right there for Steve Steve a guy on man who can't like I said, baboo baboo.
In fact, instead of like that maybe I'm alternate days like Tuesday and Thursdays I go baboo baboo like that for four hours. They'll still listen.
They just want to hear the sound of my voice. I'm the only thing that keeps them alive. Just the sound of my voice.
You're there opiate. Thank God. So was it just a dream or was it like for real once upon a time in America speaking to that.
Ten minutes past 10 at 560 WQM. How's noodles doing? Notals. I know that was a great movie not for the story because like I said it was a.
Way too long but the characters were great. Yeah. Especially especially Brian Bloom with his blue eyes.
How did somebody who looked that good at that? How old would you say don't don't say it? I was going to say hold what you say was in that movie too young. Sorry.
Maybe father stool knows but I think he's Jewish. Any Brian Bloom I'm pretty sure he's Jewish last time I checked.
Uh huh. I don't know where any of these buttons are here. I hate this studio. I'm not. No, I'm not coming back here to October. I'm doing. What?
I'm doing these few days now and I'm not coming back here to the middle of October. I'll tell you that right now. But they like it or not.
And that's what cracks me up about this place. These salespeople are all asking me like they're clueless. They're clueless. How long have I had that schedule? How long did I give it to the absent program director? How long are you having?
For months. Yeah. It's been on the main calendar right. I'll be in June. I'll be in Toronto and then like the rest of the year till the middle of October. I'll be in Amsterdam.
Then if they don't have that studio done in Amsterdam by like whatever date that is in my contract, which I think is coming up very soon, which they don't realize.
See you in October. See you. I mean, that would be a good thing for both of Brian and good bit. See you and I already see you in September. He can reach it. Exactly. I got the bed in the can. Speaking of beds.
Mattress shopping is a total waste of time if your bed is not doing right by you in your back. And there's one other. I'll tell you when I had my low-sacrilliac problems with that Thai food and the bad stomach. Very few things in life are more disturbing than bad backs. The back problem is a real pain in the old back.
So if you want to get yourself a great night sleep every night and improve the quality of your home your back feels get yourself a great new mattress from our good close personal friends and dial amatras like I've been doing for years. Just call tool free.
1-800 mattress you'll talk to somebody who really knows their crap and his only job is to keep up with the best brand name mattress in the universe and unbeatable price. They got all the top brands in the world. They got Serta and Seely Simmons and King Coil. And when you call dial amatras 1-800 mattress you pick the day and the two are window for delivery.
Seven days a week when it's convenient for you when you're going to be there. Also you get that unbeatable unmaximal 30 day in home comfort guarantee so you can test your mattress the only smart way by sleeping on it and rolling around on it.
So if you want to get an unbeatable deal just sit there and pick up that phone make one easy call it's the only intelligent way to buy you a great new name brand mattress and unbeatable price call 1-800 mattress and tell that old neo told you to call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S or check them out in that wicked world.
Selfie.
The Joe and Mark show overnight sun sports radio 560 Q-A-M.
All right this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Roger.
Hey world I'm back. No that old saying about diarrhea just let it run its course.
Holy crap Susie you got to do something about that diarrhea.
Today I did what was right from my body. I took a motive.
Why summer when a modium a deep and stop diarrhea safely and gently often in just one dose.
You need two doses believe me.
I agree with you and Greg says Mike Disney's full of crap and they're all also we said the party's over.
That's my opinion I'm Mike Disney 1015 at 560.
But Greg's got on a fancy suit today man.
I'll tell him one thing about this guy every time I come back very briefly he's got on a very expensive new suit.
Good to see that.
Did you come into wish your mo happy birthday this morning.
I did I sure did we had a way I now wait but did you hear that did you hear the few minutes we spent together on here this morning.
Oh maybe you can play him the tape if we had a lot of fun we had a lot of fun and he took it personal again he's all been out of shape about it.
I mean I don't want to say he's all been out of shape but he's he just the you're going to have to sit him down in a corner someday like a school child and explain to him.
You know put a little done scab on his head and just say hey mold this is the way it works we're just we're just having a good time here it's entertainment it's entertainment.
I think he's a fun guy but he just he just doesn't realize it anyway be that isn't me.
So how's that pull coming 52 votes how much do you care about the language problem in South Florida.
Since things are changing so much here not never going to change always going to be that same ethnic hysteria we've got a lot of people who love to hate and that's that's what this town's all about and Robert Steinbach.
World language is divisive. Oh Robert man he says almost 19 years in South Florida and still my Spanish is only so so.
Come see come saw I'm sorry it's what is that so so in Spanish how do you say that come see come saw yeah right no seriously how do you say that muscle men.
Yeah muscle man no not muscle menist that's more or less no that's not you know something I think you're a fake.
Hey by the way Mo it's okay to like George he's not really a spiky's a fake that's not how you say so so in Spanish.
We'll get Miguel back in here come see come saw his French and how do you say that in the muscle manus is not that that's more or less yeah even a
schmuck like me knows that well anyway so we go sound a bunch you know restating the obvious hey Robert there's the trash can there's your article okay.
So the idea that I would also yes it is no it's not you guys are make believe he's not what do you mean he's not he still has that.
He's has an acid but he was born in Chicago okay oh and and speaking of that since he was born in Chicago how come he's got an accent that's a good point good point I wasn't born in Cuba and you don't
have any accent right even though you do mumble but and he was born in Chicago and he's got an accent I was reared in the hills yeah that's why you
shouldn't go back probably we saw that in deliverance that's when that baby said.
But anyway how come he's got an accent Miguel we don't know.
So here's this big article here let's see how I interrupted myself I'm sorry did I ever give the results or not while Greg interrupted the show.
Papa Papa Papa going on about the ratings were so good we went and he just smiles like you know Mr oblivious and we thank you very much Greg we couldn't have done it without you make no mistake about that you're the you're the guy who done it.
This is already for Amsterdam I said yes I should have said by the way if you look at the fine print my contract it says you know something he would have had a coronary if I if I would have brought that in and showed him the date that that has to be ready which is like 13 days before they're
even sending anybody over there but I'm not going to hold him that am I.
I don't know I don't know certainly something to think about.
I'm really sorry that you got so much heat that he took so much crap when he filled in with you want to show because I thought he would do good but I guess not.
I thought he did good I thought it was pretty weak from what everybody said on the faxes anyway I'm just trying to keep him on his toes okay there's nothing worse than a guita with a big head.
That's what Luca Bratzie said look what it did for him 54 votes how much do you care about the language problem in San Foda a lot this is America speaking was 26 and that enough to avoid
for the rest of you five five wise guys and there is no language problem guess how many people voted for that none none none.
None zero out of 59 votes zero I don't have a problem everybody speaks English and Broward that's what you think been been to Pembroke Pines used to live there.
Yeah I've been speaking English in Pembroke Pines not any other sedanos anywhere else I go out there.
Unless you go to like cemetery village you can't understand those old yidza up there up to the mall.
The Pembroke Lake small they don't speak English to you they do who everybody how about of the sawgrass don't know oh by the way I should mention Jeff Cohen ponytails got the sign up there I'm told.
The new pizza lot's going to be opening by up by me there by Walgreens also he called in all he's on balance for life carries the sack on the back of his motorcycle everywhere he goes.
Jeff Cohen carries a sack wherever he goes and it's black and it's black well I told him if he didn't cut the crap it would turn black.
Bad infections got a bad case of the crouch crickets like what's your name says.
That's what he's got so the new pizza lot's opening on a corner knob hill in sunrise very soon like it is at the end of June or July.
Do we know see that I'll call you back again.
Stay away Jeff okay you're a great guy more power to you but say now by the way rumor wants a lot of free meals.
I'll tell you that right now they're moving into their new house in Dave and Davey.
Read real close by the pizza lot out there the original one no I mean not the original powered one.
And as a result he better he better put that in a budget like expand that whole thing do a little more a bigger markup to compensate for all the free meals the rumor family is going to be eating and their friends and acquaintances maybe they could get their own booth reserved.
Yeah with their name on it would be good.
Well he wasn't at one TV spot wasn't he on that spot the one ahead yes he was me and I think Dave Lamont was in there before he screwed sunny hers in the back.
You remember that don't you yeah yeah I did rest in peace our good friends sunny hey Dave you know you're not a bad guy even though you do fart a lot but Jesus Christ you know that was very bad.
Let's blame it on people you're okay because we like Dave Lamont we don't like people you blame it on little PD Bulger okay who's taken at 940 to a level unprecedented.
Is that incredible that they did they didn't break a one share in any demographic in any day part this time now I find it very credible.
I can't believe it I can't believe it was what did I say back when we first started on this station and they were like going through rotating morning people they had John Ford on there Mr. Ego was on there and all the other crap.
I was speaking of crap Norm Kenson after y'all know.
And I said I was seeming to me that could put grandma Moses farting on here with that signal and they still have to have at least a two share at least a one share.
Well not even putting any real programming on there of course they haven't put any real programming they just open up a pop from Fox Sports and they put that crap on there all day and they have no audience including that Carly and Goon in the afternoon that one guy keeps facts me about which I haven't noticed his facts yet today thank God.
I haven't seen a lot of facts is here today probably because all I can ask here's Dave Friedman again about the vaginas they go away okay this guy's a real pain in the ass you know what.
This guy's a real serious pain in the ass fat boys buddy you bug me Dave no more facts is for the rest of June okay you're on probation asshole.
Here's Paul who faxes oh please don't read this on the air.
Oh no well let me read it off here let's see my mind he's in and oh he wants here the um the reparations song that's not what it's called called the rest of the two songs.
What do we have that stuff here is it in the I don't know if it's in there yet but it's there oh thank God for that.
I can't I can't envision schlepping my CDs back and forth.
If you have any idea how pleasant that is every day like if there's something that shows up the FedEx from broker Brian or from one of our comedy services and at the end of the show one o'clock I race into the living room and I pick up the phone and there's the BPP which means I have a messages and the concierge is on there I have a package for you please pick it up at your earliest convenience and I put on my little slippers and I waddle down the concierge and pick up my package and there it is wonderful.
Sensational but yeah you're gonna lose touch I mean you see George when you're there yeah if you had any idea how many people ask me that what differences a make up I see you in fact it would have been a tremendous bonus on that first spot this morning if I wouldn't have been able to see you because you're sitting there all red I don't remember about what but I'll read in the face some mo crap I don't know and I'm trying to do my spot for I probably should give them a make up on that all shoulders.
I think it was a great spot.
Wait what's this? What the hell was that? Oh I forgot to press the red button on the guy that paid another page in assholes behind me there but I never get that in Toronto.
The only extraneous stuff we had was the day we had that fire alarm and that was exciting I thought that was great radio.
When I was citing it was really super loud I don't know how it came over the air but it was super super loud not so loud.
Oh but you could hear it yes and it was a real fire alarm they had something in the parking garage and it turned out that it was a false alarm altogether but nobody knew that.
It was great but here it's like you know it's like the rest of the software that's boring.
So my suggestion to all you budding broadcasters out there after you go to broadcast school is to go out there and you know do you take your show on the road?
Spread it around.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound we're taking calls today man right up till 1 o'clock what are you laughing about?
I don't I don't have that much throat I mean I have most of it back but I don't want to like ruin it.
I'm going to my doctor just to my new doctor today not doctor dick I'm all done with doctor dick with a jackass.
I'm going to a doctor just just for prescriptions that I need and for the blood test to see if I'm still alive see my cholesterol is doing all my lipids.
I attended the day my good close friend Gary left doctor Dicks office that was the end of that boy that was that was a great thing we had gone.
Didn't have to worry about seeing the doctor which he's too important for me anyway so I never did get to see him maybe twice a year.
What do I ever happen to my old friend Gary maybe he'll call in.
He'll call you off to see if the bat line I bet I don't think so.
No Gary I don't know Gary just disappeared he just vanished maybe his two buddies that were always tell me about how they were always bust in his balls.
Remember I met him on a plane to answer in that time and they must have said that about a hundred times but we bust his balls and we bust his balls.
Yeah we sure bust his balls don't we Gary I hope you got strong balls because those two guys it's all I talked about the whole of a plane trip was about busting your big balls.
I don't care about Gary's balls because he's very ugly guy but the bottom line is I sure wish I knew where he was because I'd like to be able to maybe we can have Dr. Mark come in here and take my blood right on here remember that day.
Yeah right in this room was a matter of if I be a regular feature came in here and drew my blood right on the ear went on here talked about his stupid ass band I wonder how he's doing Dr. Mark.
Mark Laporte he's a good guy he's alright he has a few little peculiarities like most of us but he's a pretty good guy what do you mean he's alright.
He's doing stuff remember he called up a while back I didn't say was a good doctor I said he's a good guy yeah he's doing some other thing can't remember what he's like down the road somewhere here yeah he's the facts me chronically all the time see now I'm inviting chronic like Dr. Mark I'd like to hear from Dr. Mark see if he's doing okay and maybe one day like maybe when I come back in October he can come in here and draw my blood we can do that like once every three months.
And then the audience can tune and see how kneels cholesterol is about how my home get the result of envelope so that even you don't know right then live on the air like a
Murray show make a big deal play the fanfare moe can come in here and like hope for the worth crosses fingers hope that my cholesterol is over 400 you know.
Moe it's just a radio show it's a I just see the only way I can put it is he's fun and he doesn't realize it you know what I'm saying.
Do you follow he's a character he's a funny guy and he doesn't realize it we have to convince him he's a funny guy.
Do you think it's going to work no 1027.
I'm going to get the
fillies tomorrow from the fed infidelia.
I've covered the ends of 630 on sports radio 560.
Hey it's Howard Howard David.
They want us to find a way.
I'm a Santa monkey.
Every person for back pay from 200 years ago when they were slaves.
When I only have a mobile home a pit bull and a pinch of gold.
So if you want to ask me how here's what I got to say.
You've got to kiss a nigger good morning.
Okay.
You tell him that you're sorry for it's late in the morning.
Kiss a nigger good morning.
And that's where everybody who is dead and gone.
If I was born in 1802,
I'd be born in slaves ain't something I'd do.
But what for dead people dead do you?
I have to take the plane.
When you see an old 4-090 act with a can of smelly cherry in fact.
Instead of 40 acres and a new I have a better way.
You've got to kiss a nigger good morning.
And put on how a fair and forging frame of two.
Kiss a nigger good morning.
And that's your resolution for a slave of you.
Kiss a nigger good morning.
And tell him that you're sorry for it's late in the morning.
You've got kiss a nigger good morning.
And that's where everybody who is dead and gone.
1032-560 WQ.
We're going around the building is that after I walked out of that studio after
I bonding with Moldus morning that he was a very psychotic and upset.
That's where we're on the building.
He just got a lighten up.
You're a panic man.
You're a scream.
Happy birthday to you man.
Trying to make up make nice damn you know and just can't do it.
CIA did not circulate data about suspect officials says.
Newsweek reported yesterday the CIA identified two of the eventual hijackers.
Al-Midhar and Nawaf al-Hazmi immediately after they attended the meeting in Kuala Lumpur.
The magazine reported the CIA did not inform the INS or the FBI.
They too alleged terrorists to flew to the US after the Malaysia meeting.
It quoted unnamed US counterterrorism officials as saying the agency's failure may be the most puzzling
and devastating intelligence failure in the critical months before 9-11.
That's right the CIA possessed disturbing information about one of the September 11 hijackers
months before it previously disclosed and couldn't have used that knowledge to prevent him from renewing his visa
and enter the US prior to the attack on a Pentagon of the World Trade Center.
And it's just more the same.
More the same.
And like I said you keep waving your little flags and running around playing all the patriotic music
and talking about the wonderful president how sharp he is and etc and so on.
And all the confidence you have in the government.
Saying all these things.
I just don't understand it.
102 votes on the poll and guess how many voted for there is no language problem.
Two. None.
Oh.
The big.
See I don't even know where the hell it is on here anymore.
The big.
Oh.
Because I don't have my little box, my little square box up in Toronto or one in Amsterdam.
And I don't need it to be honest with it.
Can't tell.
Now of course you can't tell because you know I'm got my fingers do the walking all over the place.
5 6 7 0 5 6.
Look I'm taking calls to one o'clock here.
I'm trying to give him the benefit of the doubt.
What if I got one call flashed on there?
I'm not saying Georgia's answering him.
He's not he's not going to do that for you.
Okay.
You out of your mind.
Crazy.
Yeah.
That'll be the first one and the fifth one and the seventh one.
Maybe he'll call me your good friend.
WQ I am.
Yeah. Can I speak to Neil?
Speaking.
Hey, do Neil.
Okay.
Welcome back.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Joe has a good show.
George is questionable.
Yeah.
Have a good day.
Okay.
You said George has a good show and you're questionable.
Joe has a good show.
Yeah.
Me and Mo and Geltie this morning.
Doing what he means is when you two guys were together.
So George, what's his name?
Joe is good and you're questionable.
Then this guy sounded like he's from New York so he probably knows the Mo.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Maybe drugs.
You think that might do it?
To loosen him up a little bit.
That's what I'm talking about.
He works for me.
Exactly.
Maybe you can bring some, in fact, I think that's how you can make that bond.
That's right.
Bring him into some good crap before that morning show every day.
Loosen him up a little bit.
George can be the supplier and just to turn into a lovely relationship.
WQ I am.
You can sell it wholesale Q.A.M.
This is Harvey Fiesti.
WQ I.M.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
When you dropped that belt on that particular spot, I laughed so hard.
I pooped my pants.
What belt was that?
You're beautiful.
Yes, I am.
Thank you.
How come we have no ladies welcoming back to Miami for these very brief days, huh?
They got to be out there.
We were number one in persons for the month.
So what does that mean?
So I assume that means we had to have some women in the front.
We have a few women who listen to this show.
In fact, the fact is I have to commend the ladies.
I've been very good in the fact.
The guys, as a matter of fact, very nice ladies showed up at the appearance on Saturday to say that we listen to Neil.
Yeah.
You know, that there's ladies out here that love it.
Well, maybe they just don't want.
They usually don't call on the screeners because they're outnumbered so bad that they can't get through.
Understand that.
Plus, they don't do a good job of saying, you know, you'll notice very few of the only ones who are cranked are like,
Mr. G's girlfriend.
And who's the other one?
Ken Block's girlfriend or whatever else she is.
The neighbor or whoever, wherever he found her.
His kidnathy.
And Mickey Bork's girlfriend.
Oh, yeah, right.
W-Q-I-M.
W-Q-I-M.
Hey, how you doing?
I'm doing great.
Hold it for now.
Where are you coming from?
Airport.
Let's go to a car at the airport.
Hello.
Oh, you got blacks over there.
Oh, you know something?
Maybe I can keep this cough for like the rest of the year, you know, because I think it adds something to my life.
I like it.
Uh-oh.
Look at the color of that thing.
Deep purple.
Magenta rhymes with the Enter.
56670560.
Pound 560 on EAT.
W-Q-I-M.
Hello.
Q-I-M.
Speaking.
Hi.
Would like to speak to Neil, please.
You're speaking to him.
Neil, I think George is excellent.
Yeah?
George is very funny.
Mm-hmm.
And, um, I don't know why people beg on that.
Well, let me ask you this question.
I mean, I'm delighted to hear that.
But how do we get it?
How do the conversations switch to George and Joe?
Where did that come from?
I mean, it did mention something about that, but...
I have no idea.
I'm tuning in late, and I just heard somebody beg on him and say that Joe was much better in all that stuff.
Oh, that guy, yeah.
Just adding on Q-Sense wanted to say that George is excellent and keep up the good work.
Okay, thanks a lot, pal, and have a great day.
Thanks, everybody.
Uh, and the other thing, what else was I going to ask?
It's very important, and I'll just look my mind.
Oh, yeah, I'm wondering if we have any crossover with the most show.
I'm wondering if anybody heard that segment when he had me got...
Because that was pretty early.
That was like 730 this morning.
Right.
Because one thing about us, George and I, we get here real early in the morning.
Although I noticed he's been getting here more and more early now than he's paranoid.
But at any rate, no, you were already here this morning when I got here, right?
We generally both get here around like 710-715 and sit around and I clip out my articles to read out of the newspaper.
And stuff like that.
And sit around and backstab everybody else in the building.
You know, stuff that goes on everywhere.
There's the time I want to get here and the time I show up.
Sometimes I actually show up when I want to.
Well, basically I show up whenever the hell and went over the hell I feel like it.
That's why I told Greg and he walked down here.
Now, actually, he was...
He was Greg.
Again, you know, great ratings and look how the whole station did great.
And we did like...
Like some idea what he's doing.
That's the thing that makes me about him.
Like somehow he's involved in being responsible for the loyal audience we have.
And by the way, let's thank our audience out there.
We have no idea why you do it.
But they're just through thick and mostly thin the last several months starting in October
with that first team debacle and it just gone downhill from there.
And the audience likes it even more.
The audience, like I said, misery loves company is the motto of South Florida.
And I think that's why QAIM has gone through the roof.
I think they like the surprise factor.
Yeah.
From one day to the next, they don't know what's going to be on.
So I got to find out if we have any crossover with him or how it's showing
if anybody heard that segment I did because I thought it was fine.
I thought we were having a good time.
It was show and I've been doing this for a hundred years.
And if I went in there to really attack the guy, I could have done it.
I have no reason to do it.
It's first time in his birthday.
We'd play it back, but Greg ran out of here with the tape.
Oh, well, he wants to hear it.
I thought it was a lot of fun.
And then he made some kind of comment about radio people switching the dial every 15 minutes.
I said, only on your show.
It was a great line.
And I guess he took that personal.
I mean, when you open up like that, when you give me an opening like that,
and you expect me not to move in there, Moe, what do you expect, baby?
Jesus, man, even old, salty, solid, fish, a man never threw as many lines as he was throwing out through this morning.
And I grabbed every one of them. What's wrong with that?
Sam's serious.
I think if we could just lighten him up a few shades.
I think we could have a good time with him.
But he just, he refuses till he wants to be a stodgy old New Yorker, I guess.
Maybe alcohol.
Does he?
I don't know.
Primarily a little man of shove it.
Twenty before eleven at five sixty WQM,
Summer time is here. Forget about coming.
Okay.
So to speak, you know, all the energy you can to feel good in this heat and stay healthy.
And that's why olio metas a product that you're going to love.
It'll help you feed your best and keep you in good health in South Florida,
no matter how hot and salty it might be outside.
Olio metas a soft gel capsule of contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil,
along with vitamins and minerals and robots to protect health for your prostate,
for your heart and blood pressure, your cholesterol too.
Olio metas got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system,
your digestive, your endocrine system, your skin and bones, even your mind,
all using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil the best on the face of the globe.
And olio metas got products to remain in for you ladies out there too.
And I'm sure we got some out there some ladies.
Think so?
No.
We got to have some.
Olio metas available right now at Walgreens, including the one right there
where Marcy's working right by where the pizza loft is going to be opening on Navhill and Sunrise.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Also at Whole Food Market, the Viral Pharmacy in Sedanos,
olio metas is a stupendous and exciting new product that a lot of folks are talking about
and popping in their push.
So if you'd like to get more information about it, call their toll free number
and they'll tell you what it is and how it works and where to stick it.
Call 1-866-Oliomed.
That's 1-866-Oliomed-O-L-E-O-M-E-D.
Order their products off their website.
Now fancy.
The world's most feared serial killer is loose again.
You hear that, Doug?
I'm coming to lunch.
Is this coincidence?
Are you back on the case?
You're so goody goody.
Dining on human flesh.
Once he was sonnied.
But now he's not beating around the bush.
This carries.
Universal Pictures presents Hannibal.
I'm giving very serious thoughts to eating your wife.
Snatch.
Opening in theaters everywhere.
1043-560-WQM.
What's that schedule look like?
Looks like she'd have paper with some names on it.
And sometimes, 1-3 Mad Dog.
3-7 Hanks Doon to Show a Chulose.
Hanks who's on the 4th of July going to be how old?
Don't say it.
Well that's right, he's not 62 yet.
He'll be 62 on the 4th of July.
And then we got her a Koon Hotline at 7.
Joseph Gacchi at 8 o'clock believe it or not.
Oh boy.
10 o'clock it's Eddie K and overnight at 7 o'clock.
Who I hear that marks pretty good.
Is what I'm hearing.
128 votes on a pool and finally three assholes out there just to be smart asses said.
There is no language problem in South Florida.
Anybody believe in that?
No.
Forget about it.
Look at this.
I just come back.
Do these come over every day?
That's rabbi that keeps his got us on his day.
Fax list that keeps wasting our facts paper.
Coxelhoi's okay rabbi with your stupid idiotic crap with your propaganda.
We want to hear from some people who listen to the morning show who were listening at 7 o'clock.
And 30 this morning when I was invited in there on the Mohawar show.
Get their feedback.
Or maybe just from people who listen to the Mohawar show to see if we have any crossover.
You think we do?
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon line.
WQAM.
Hi. I wanted to talk to Neil.
Oh lady. Let's hear it.
How are you doing?
How are you doing?
Good. Just wanted to know.
Hey, have you seen the billboard on 5 95 for small bill?
No.
Yeah, you're driving right down 5 95.
I think it's near Pine Island.
And there's your guy staring right down at you.
Is he naked at least?
The only show I think like from the chest up.
I see. Well, that's good enough.
Looks pretty darn good.
Yeah.
So as long as you're here for a few days, you're going to have to check it out.
Tomorrow night and 9 o'clock.
Okay.
Thanks.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
Tom Swelling, a Welling.
He's Swelling on at billboard.
I'm surprised he didn't do better with the Brittany.
Of course, he might just tear her apart.
Maybe that's what a lot of guys are afraid of.
Well, he is Superman, you know.
Right.
He might just rip her an ass.
Five.
Oh, there's so many places I could go with that.
But I think I probably won't.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
That whole, that whole anal thing, man.
It just leaves me cold.
Let's do another one.
WQA him. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
I'm doing pretty good. How you doing?
All right.
I listened to you in a mohower over there.
Yeah, you're cross over?
You're fine.
Yeah, I listened to him in the morning when I took the kids to school.
Yeah, you have to apologize.
He's incredible.
I called him, first of all, just to give you an idea.
Last week, he was whining about the fact that QAM didn't have the Pat Riley news conference
from both wherever he was on.
And he ran it and raved about that for so long.
My son went into the store, came back out and said,
is he still ranting and raving like a girl?
He's like an old woman.
He's a conner.
I called him on Friday because he's talking about baseball and baseball and steroids and baseball.
For two days, I said, I'm not ready.
I said, talk about something else.
I want to know, you got the game seven, the hockey game,
Colorado.
Oh, you noticed that?
You noticed I had him explode there at the end when I walked out.
I said something about, you know, like Toronto, because it's the hockey cap.
And he said, hockey sucks.
He finally let out of the bag.
Hockey sucks and yelling at all men out of shape and so it's squeaking a little bit.
Well, it was incredible.
I said, I don't want to talk to you.
I want to talk to Gell, but Gell, give me a breakdown of the game.
And then he made a comment earlier Friday morning.
He says, you know, the only genius, because they're talking about football people being called geniuses.
The only genius will be the guy who's here as cancer.
So I said, hey, Howard, so that means John, you know, soft was mom, you know, he only, you know,
have time.
Okay, well listen, have a great day.
Wow.
Here's a guy who not only can't stand, but who listens every day and calls him all the time and has all these conversations with him
and wants to repeat all the conversations on this show.
I don't think so, sir.
Thank you very much, but I think we get the message.
All I wanted to find out is if people heard the thing this morning.
And if they thought it was amusing or if I actually attacked, well, whatever they thought, you know,
I don't want to hear a rehash of every conversation.
These are Yahoo's head with anybody else or with me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
How come I decided with a call today?
I don't know.
I was just in that mood.
I just felt it fitted the tone plus the fact that I still have all this mucus, this flim.
If I had, if I didn't have the flim and if my ears would open, I'd feel great.
But I don't want that to happen while I'm here.
That should happen on the plane trip back to Toronto.
That would be appropriate because then, you know, it would fit right in.
WQAM.
Now that was that interesting sound I haven't heard that in a long time.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
It was kind of like that Bell South sound.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I listened to the segment this morning.
That was probably the best part of the show, man.
Yeah.
Yeah, I can tell you that right now.
And also, I got a suggestion.
Let's get off of Howard.
He just don't get it, man.
He didn't get the thing by Tom Brady.
He didn't get any religious switch to Joe's a gacky, man.
Okay.
Yeah, we just love that guy.
Eight o'clock tonight, baby.
Get your ready.
You warmed up for it.
Get your nose out.
Eight o'clock tonight.
We got two hours of Joe.
And nobody wants another Joe.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I got a whole stack of stuff here.
But I think I'll save it for next couple of days.
Don't you?
I don't know.
I like the calls.
Websecs, Sting's nets.
Sorry, Websecs.
See, I can't read today.
I just knew it ahead of time.
Websecs, Sting, Net's X-Broward, clergyman.
Really?
A former professor at Knox Theological Seminary in Fort Lauderdale
has been arrested and charged with soliciting sex
from a Maryland State Police Officer
who was posing as a 13-year-old girl on the Internet.
All right.
The Reverend Jonathan Gersner, 44.
Now, that's interesting, because I went to school
in Canada with New York, and I'm sure there's no relation.
With a family, their name was Gersner.
There was John Gersner, who would be much older than 44.
He'd be my age.
And then there was like David Gersner.
And I'll tell you one thing, boy, they were all pretty interesting kids.
Hot.
Real hot.
What are you trying to say?
Not lukewarm.
Well, they were just good looking at Goiom.
See, that was great going to that school,
because they were like, I'll goiom, you know?
I don't know what it is, but there's just something about those kind of like farm boys.
Corn Fad.
Yeah.
The Reverend Jonathan Gersner, 44, was arrested May 21 when he arrived at a park
in Bowie, Maryland, outside Baltimore, and said,
Sergeant Thornie Rouse of the Maryland State Police,
no relation to Bob Rouse, used to play defense for the Leafs.
Gersner was charged with one kind of attempted second-degree rape,
attempted second-degree sex offense, attempted third-degree sex offense,
and using a computer to solicit sex from a minor.
According to Rouse, Gersner initiated contact with a trooper through instant messages,
and arranged to meet the person he thought was a teenage girl at the park that had sex.
13.
He did bring his condoms with him, that's good.
He was ready, and we were ready, Rouse said.
I wonder if they used him.
Gersner's been the main pastor at Inverness Presbyteria Church in Dunvoc, Maryland,
since April 2000.
He began working at the Fort Lauderdale Seminary in 1994, moved to Maryland,
and 2000, which is good news for us.
Get him out of here.
WQA-M, hello.
Jocos Stilling was an Italian-American, no-tallin' hip-hop-loving douchebag.
Oh, that's a guy at the Chronic, yeah.
The one that packs me this stuff about anybody likes hip-hop.
Boring, sir, you're very boring.
Another way of that, what is his taste in music?
Have to do with whether he does a good radio show or not, okay?
A lot of people don't like my taste in music, too, and you know what?
They can stuff it.
1055, see a lot of people out there, first of all, because it's partly in German,
not kind of like that.
And then people like Georgia can say, well, it's too like syrupy, you know, it's too like, I don't know.
And I can like it. Plus, plus, the fact, there's nothing gay about band or a non-real gay.
I don't mean gay.
It's not a homosexual.
Oh.
Anyway, Greg was just in there having a great conversation with George, which was distracting.
So he really heard that much of the song anyway, because Greg was going,
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, I don't get this place.
I just don't understand it.
Get a message on my voicemail in Toronto about three, three, four weeks ago, whatever it was.
Oh, great job on a book, great book, Neil.
And by the way, I'm firing George Rodriguez.
Yeah, like an afterthought, you know?
It's a good thing, Mo backed off. I'll tell you that right now.
What do I send the note?
It's a damn good thing he backed off, because it was the right thing to do.
Yeah, man.
Oh, man, welcome to the Q&A playground. You're at it.
Greg hates you.
Even though he's in there sucking up and talking about Andrea Bocelli, who ripped off the Godfather?
What was he talking about?
Some of all fears.
What is that?
It's this new movie that started, I guess, Friday, starting Ben Affleck.
I don't know who's in it.
Oh, starring Ben Affleck?
He's not in that.
What's that?
I don't know.
What's that new movie, Matt Damon is in.
That looks pretty interesting.
No idea.
Maybe it's some of all fears.
No.
Don't sound like it to me.
Somebody out there will know the new movie that Matt Damon is in.
In fact, maybe it's already in the theaters and they've already seen it.
Somebody will know.
1056 at 560 WQM.
I noticed, boy, that's Hales Department.
We did a big up today, didn't they?
They suck.
And I say, and you notice, I could say that from Toronto or Amsterdam, but I'm right here
in the building and I see them in the morning.
They suck.
You guys suck.
You're weak.
We got these gigantic even Greg is wearing a right-of-building.
Oh my God, look at those numbers.
And you were number one in person's 2554.
I said, yeah.
So what of a schmuck?
What about it?
I can read the numbers.
I don't need you coming in here with your Brooks Brothers suit.
Tell me about I'm number one.
Do we need him coming in here?
Tell us we're number one.
I do.
And so what did Mosay when he came in here?
See, there he is pumping you for information again.
Happy to give it to him if I had it.
Or was that just part of the, um, to enlighten him about the conversation on the year?
I don't understand.
I assume.
I see.
1057 at 560 WQM.
Well, we're like having a big party and we got like some people in the building.
You don't understand.
It's a party.
It's a party.
Have a good time.
Let your hair down.
Don't take yourself so goddamn seriously.
That's my point.
Jesus, Kay and Christ and one other point too.
Soccer sucks.
Boring is hell.
They can call it.
It's just like the thing with the Olympics like with figure skating.
It shows you how many millions of people get sucked into the hype.
Now granted, there are billions of people in the world who are into soccer because it's their thing.
They can't help themselves.
But the rest of you people out there wouldn't go to a soccer game if they gave you free tickets and a $50 bill and a six pack of beer.
And they could pictures of Brittany.
Who the hell are you kidding?
Oh, well, Italy beat the, yeah, like you care.
Who gives a crap?
It's boring as hell.
But because it's hyped, it's the cop maybe.
Oh, and Anastasia is going to be releasing her album.
And remember I played Anastasia last year?
Right.
I forgot what it sounded like.
She's got a song called Boom, which is like, what was the song that Ricky Martin did for the Olympics like five years ago?
Living La Vida, the little cup.
What that was that thing called?
La Vida, loca?
No.
Bang, bang, bang.
That wasn't La Vida, loca, was it?
I don't know.
But you know the one I'm talking about.
They all sounded the same.
It was the theme for the World Cup.
What she goes for is that one.
That one's not good.
Yeah, right.
Alfa la bataylama, Maria.
Would you quit it?
I'm trying to figure the song.
I don't even know when to hit the dump button with this pick in there, you know?
I think language is a problem.
1058 at 560 WQM.
There's no problem.
They speak your language at Hallett Pontiac down in the South day.
I'll guarantee you that right now because Tom Hallett would no matter what language you speak.
He even give you a little sign language.
I mentioned my name.
He'll give you the high sign.
It's Hallett's off the wall in voice sale going on right now.
Stop by Hallett Pontiac GMC at 1-34-01.
South Dixie Highway, that's on US1.
Right across from the falls,
where the lowest sale price is marked right on the invoice on all 2002 cars and trucks and stocks.
Choose 1.9% financing or up to a $3,500 rebate.
Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs, including the On-Boy,
voted by Motor Trend as SUV.
The year plus, see the all-new vibe SUV.
Vibes got the power of a sports car just a fraction of the price.
Hallett's also got a great selection of, or it's a great select it's is here.
Nice copy, Tom.
They got a great select of pre-owned cars, trucks and sports utility vehicles to have been turned off for credit.
Some other bogus car dealer don't worry about it because the Tom Limon makes sure you get signed up for a deal at Hallett Pontiac GMC.
Don't forget it's the big one.
It's the off the wall invoice sale going on right now as I speak at Hallett Pontiac GMC.
Oh, I didn't see Bob Eisenberg.
1-34-01 South Dixie Highway, that's on US1.
Across from the falls open every day of your life.
Seven days a week, you can call them at 305-238-4040 and make some cost to comment about Bob Eisenberg's hair piece while you're at it.
305-238-4040, Hallett Pontiac GMC.
We are professional great.
8999
The Neil Roger Show on 560s on UQA Avenue, Miami for Lardays.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
We take a good heart, stiff look and to start him.
He was an Indonesian born of Dutch parents who had his only hit with a remake of an American song which he recorded in Germany.
Was this guy f***ed up or what?
We're talking about Taco.
If you'll believe what you're doing on what you're going to want, don't you go where fashion fits?
Oh, I love him, but it's extremely hard to find information on Taco.
Indeed, our own search for Taco proved fruitless, until a finely-bore fruit in Jim,
who runs the only known Taco fan website in the world.
I want people to know they don't have to be ashamed to visit my site.
If you love Taco, you've found a home here.
Jim also runs Taco support groups for the miserable hideous freaks who actually copped a liking this crappy singer and his crappy song.
Hi, my name is Beth and I'm a Taco fan.
Hi, Beth!
How do I explain Taco's contribution to this whole uv of synth pot versions of Irving Rillintunes?
Where are you Taco?
Please let us know where you are and did your listening.
I just want to thank you so much.
You did such a wonderful thing for me.
Oh, then please click on the links to my sponsors.
Help keep my website free.
What a bunch of crap.
Give me the young Frankenstein version any day.
If you're blue and you don't know where to go to, why don't you go where fashion synths?
Woo-hoo!
Ah, that's better.
It's a big, juicy, sobbing wet-looking show business.
Tonight, on inside of behind.
Woo-hoo!
Wasn't that Gene Wilder?
Yes, I love Gene Wilder.
It's all I did like Rosanna Dana better.
It's 11.03.5.60 WQ.
Not that we have to make a choice.
Now I'm going to tell you right now, although I'm sure that they hated that song that I played missing you by a band or a nomin, which I love.
And the video and everything else.
But at any rate, uh, Bonfunk MC.
Remember the first one that I played?
Yes.
What's the name of that? I forget the name of it.
It was great.
Free-stylers?
Free-stylers, right.
Very good.
Well, I have a new song, which I was playing this morning, but you were busy dealing with something.
It called Live Your Life.
And if they were playing that on PYM, see, Disney, you have no clue.
You just have no idea where the music is.
That's your problem.
You're playing the same 20 songs over and over again.
I could program and that's stationed in like in five minutes.
See if songs like this.
I could play, but I won't because this audience don't want to hear music.
But nevertheless, I could and put them right out of business.
Don't you like that?
That was fine.
It is great.
And there's stuff on here like milk incorporated in your eyes, which they don't even know about.
Milk, ink, they don't even know that group exists.
That's the problem with you, Disney.
Maybe you need a new, uh, music director.
I don't want to get involved in here with that whole kid's screw business.
Because, you know, they got their own problems.
They play all that bro music.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, oh, here's a stupid fact.
This is dumb.
I have two requests.
It's it's soccer time.
How about playing that bit with a Jamaican lady talking about soccer?
I have no idea what he's talking about.
Do you?
Wasn't it a voicemail?
Jamaican lady talking about soccer?
No, you know what?
It was a phone call.
Twits you and her.
And we made a promo out of it.
Oh.
Also, there's another bit with a prank phone called a lady telling her her husband is cheating on her.
He's talking about spousal or rousal, which is burnt out badly.
The answer, sir, is absolutely not.
Soccer.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Boy, you sure don't have much crossover with that morning show, do we?
No.
Not at all.
That one guy heard it and then he went rambling on for like about a half an hour,
but every call he had with Moe.
And he reminds me of River that guy.
You know, he did that again yesterday on the phone.
You can tell he was wounded because I ripped him last week about listening 24 hours
and then he was in this radio station and then belly it can about it.
And then he's yesterday, they say, well, I guess I should lose my radio.
Ha, ha, ha.
You know, like trying to make a joke out of it like he was wounded.
And then like two minutes later, he goes in and we think about, well, most said this and most said,
and he's quoting the whole radio station again.
It's amazing how many people we have out there who hate all of us on this station or most of us.
And they can quote chapter and verse every goddamn thing that everybody on WQAM says morning, noon and night.
It's amazing to me.
It's astonishing.
WQAM.
Yeah, I just want to tell them the movie, born identity.
Oh, that's someone with Matt Damon.
Yeah.
Did you see it?
No, it's not out yet.
Coming soon.
Yeah.
Thanks a lot.
Okay, bye.
Matt Damon's coming soon.
Squirt, squirt.
Close by you.
Get the towels.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
Wouldn't you ask me the other day?
Oh, that was on Friday, the first poll I took about overweighted.
You know, people that look a bit are overrated.
Have no talent.
Yeah, he looks okay.
Matt Damon.
Yeah.
Alien, bulb is head.
Let me see it again.
He looks okay.
All right, you can have him.
Okay.
WQAM.
Hey, hey.
What's up, video?
Speaking.
Hey, Neil.
Welcome back.
Thank you.
Very briefly.
I'll be gone before you know it.
Glad to have this time together.
I want to mention that you're running two spots on your show, which I don't think anyone knows that they're running it.
You're not talking about that one that I heard in the first hour, by the way, which I'm looking up right now that what is it called?
Promise keepers.
Yeah, promise keepers.
What is this sales department?
Next thing we'll be doing the Christian Scientologist stuff on your hubbub.
I'm really surprised that the promise keepers knew they were on your show.
They might have to do a sacrifice or something.
Yeah.
And also the station is running a bunch.
I guess their PSA is about black schools where disadvantaged blacks who need...
They are not PSAs.
Oh, they're not.
They're not.
They're paid spots.
Oh, they're paid.
Why do you think we're putting them on there?
That's true.
And again, that's really strange that you played a reparation song.
And then there's spots where black people can take their kids that aren't doing well.
Well, that's called equal time.
Equal time.
I understand it.
Well, Neil, glad to hear you back live in the studio down here.
Now, let me ask you something.
How different does it sound?
It does sound different at all.
See, that's what I told you.
Yeah, it's like when you're running up from Toronto.
It sounds like you're there in the studio.
It sounds like I'm sitting right in your lamp.
That's that, right there.
Have a great day.
See, there you go.
I rest my case.
Oh, it's going to sound bad and the technical...
I remember that first day or two.
And you were getting all bad out of shape because people were calling in people around a building
and letting them influence you.
But you remember that?
No.
I do.
Say what?
Saying that it didn't sound right and that there was a delay and that you could run...
That's a problem that I had.
That wasn't done.
It was probably me that hold the delay thing.
That first setting, the way they had it.
It sucked.
Well, that only went on for about like two and a half months.
That's our engineering department, baby.
They are the best.
Hey, all you overweight people.
All you fat slabs out there.
And we know they're plenty of you.
We want to welcome back our friends at Delights of West Boko.
We have to get into a bathing suit this summer.
Delights of West Boko is the oldest and largest low-com superstar...
Low-carb superstar in South Florida.
God, I wish I could get all that yellow stuff out.
And the official Actions Diet Center.
Well, I make purple one again.
Diadies and amazing these days.
This copy that he wrote here for Delights is the worst piece of crap I've ever seen in my life.
You know, come back here and sing Peter Leonard.
Maybe that's why I'm having a relapse.
I was doing really great over the weekend.
Now all the flammest coming back, I'm going to start with you a little headache.
It's either this room here or sing Peter Leonard two or three times already this morning.
Anyway, dieting is amazing these days because with the introduction of Splenda,
a lot of these diet products have dropped the sweeteners that were harsh on your stomach
and caused you to be spending most of your day on the bowl.
That's right, Delights of West Boko curious thousands of diet products,
supplements, vitamins, diet books, everything you need to lose the pounds you thought were so hard to get rid of.
Delights also carries the largest selection of bakery products like pancake mix,
breads, cookies, cheesecakes, brownies, muffins and eclairs.
And Delights also carries low-carb and sugar-free products like pasta, sauces,
ketchup crackers, candy, champagne-like chocolate, and their famous carbolite ice cream.
Head to Delights of West Boko and try before you buy.
Taste anything in the store for free before you make the purchase.
The knowledgeable staff at Delights will put you on the right path to getting skinny.
Why is that door ajar?
Did a witch just come by and turn our door into ajar?
Call 1-877 Low-Carb, maybe Tabitha did it there.
She's trying to put on a spell to save Timmy.
And by the way, nice to see normal back on passions.
Oh!
I'm sorry Peggy.
Call 1-877 Low-Carb or check out lowcarb.com on the web.
Of course you can visit the store on the Northeast Quarter of Blades Road in 441 and Bokin.
Please tell that PD Lenny sent you by Delights of West Boko, your official...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
Yeah, figures logs out here bring back some real good memories.
Well, let's see.
Here's a bunch of crap about somebody lost the money in the stock market.
No thanks.
Market's saying another dumb today.
I'm not interested. I'm out of it.
A fool and his money are soon part of it. That's all I'm gonna tell you.
If you want to go, you know, get touted.
If you want to get sucked in.
Here's stories about some Arab Sheikah just gonna buy 40 million shares of Xerox or some other bull crap.
Be my guest.
Just have a bonfire in a backyard and just burn it.
You'll have more of a fun time in the polis will come in, you know.
You'll have a big simmissover. At least every some action.
Here's the facts from Chronic Mike Faxor.
Welcome back to Simba Walfeer, stars Ben Affleck and he saw it over the weekend.
He says it was more frightening than entertaining.
The storyline was not as great as the scenes were thought provoking.
The thought of the US and Russia being only a cabinet members confirmation away from an eyelashes will make anyone shmit.
He says I'm sure there's a laxative cheaper than the press of admission.
All the best from our friend.
Mike the Chronic Faxor in Miami. Thank you Mike.
So it stars Ben Affleck.
Which you also don't think he's a good actor. I think he's pretty good.
Flat.
Non-descript.
He's acting.
You know something you could say the same thing about a Humphrey Bogart flat.
I didn't like Humphrey Bogart at all.
You know something you are a communist.
I'm going to report your rest to Lord of the performances.
I think they're going to put you right back on a rubber rack.
African Queen, all the rest of it didn't care for him.
And you know something you're right.
He was always the same.
Right. You know, over there I get in the assataly with my 18,000 channels.
In Amsterdam I get to turn a classic movie classics two of the two different ones.
And I love a lot of those older movies.
But the last week that I was I get it was only in there like nine or ten days.
Namely, but I guess during that week they were running a
Bogart and Lauren Bakal movies, which they made several together.
And he's always the same.
Right.
Every movie he's the same.
The whole thing is the same.
Yeah.
Posing.
Kind of like I see Robert De Niro, even though people think he's didn't he win our poll.
Like more people with the fantasy movie that he was in than anybody else.
I don't I don't agree with that.
He's always the same.
Maybe, but he's become like like everything else.
He he won't turn down a job anymore.
Dineiro.
And he does the same thing in every movie.
As opposed to like Robert Duval, who takes every character and is great no matter what what he's playing.
Like in the great Santini and then in the network and the godfather Tom Hagen.
You have to see apocalypse now just up until he's not in the movie anymore.
And then you can turn it off up until you're Robert Duval.
Oh Jesus, how many pages are there with his craft?
First they lose us.
Oh.
Oh, I don't want this horrible story by Jonathan King about the, uh, I don't want it.
We don't want a depressing Monday.
Okay, we want to have a little fun here today.
That's why I played the Eddie thing.
Just lighted it up a little by me.
You can't help but laugh.
Even though he's sick.
He's twisted.
He's pathetic.
We got his name, his phone number, his shoe size.
We got him by the balls.
And he still doesn't care.
He can't control himself.
He's a sick puppy.
We've given him an outlet here on his show.
And then of course the mad dog who just don't get it.
He's got the Eddie Jr.
Oh God.
Anyway, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, we're taking calls today for some reason.
This may not happen again any time soon.
Certainly not for an entire show.
190 votes on a poll.
How much do you care about the language problem in South Florida?
I'm surprised we haven't had a lot of women calling it about that.
Screaming and yelling hysterically.
Speak English God, damn it!
In fact, that's leading the way.
And that is surprised.
A lot, this is America's speak English 95 votes say they care a lot.
They're pissed off and fired up.
Especially that all you spicks, George.
99 votes say that 50.2%.
Enough to avoid dead County as much as possible 52.
That's what I voted.
Not at all 23.
I'm bilingual so too bad for the rest of you 16.
Screw off.
And there's no language problem 7.
7 comedians said that after I dwelt so long on a thing about the nun.
It could have stayed zero.
But we have some people out there who just like to shove it around.
WQIM.
This is Woody.
I'll tell you one thing.
Nobody's ever going to accuse you of originality, sweetheart.
You know after all these years?
Yeah, he finally got a laugh.
Yeah, that's right.
Because probably of all the people that I've ever called this show even Mr. G.
I mean, any of the most anxious people on the face of the earth.
There's nobody more obnoxious than Woody.
He'll be on there too, by the way.
I don't care.
Remember I told you that the day that I was leaving when we were working in the
briefly in the Paxing Building there in Hollywood?
And I was driving out of there.
And in coming because we were off of that little side street down there by work coxies.
And I'm driving out of there and here along comes a car and a guy pulls up.
And he looks like, you know, some schmuck, any schmuck.
And he rolls down the window.
Hey Neil, I look like it's, you know, some listener.
I'm Woody.
And I thought he's an asshole.
Wow.
Wow.
WQA in.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Joe.
Wow.
Hello.
Yes.
Hello.
Yes.
Hello.
Hello.
I got that in time.
Yeah, sure.
After the first two letters.
Yes, I did.
He just said, yeah.
Right.
Georgie, Nancy, in the phone.
Okay, I'm taking her as they come.
Okay, just relax.
Boy, we've had these people off the phone thing for so long.
And now I've got this.
I like it this way.
Got them under defensive.
They don't know what their scream or eat or peel a banana.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T and for rise in line.
I'm sure that some of the sports producers are running around.
They don't even get all of them.
Oh, Neil's taking calls today.
It's great.
Remember that day?
Yeah.
It's not great.
It's just a little release.
Everybody's a little release.
Different, sports court.
Yeah, it's different.
Kind of like your calls.
Different.
I like this place.
Different.
Oh, look at that.
That was kind of different.
WQA M.
Now, I know I punched it because the arrow is on it.
WQA M.
I just want to tell Neil that so, so in Spanish is RC.
RC.
Correct.
Thank you.
Which is Grazie's?
I see.
Now, how come he knows that?
And that guy didn't sound like a Julio to me.
Sounded like a Schwarzer.
Did not.
He did.
He did.
Sounded a little dark.
About three shades darker than Nelson Day to County.
And he knows survival span.
I think now, what would be wrong if we started inbreeding the whole of human race?
And everybody was like about the shade like Malcolm and Halle Berry?
No.
How come we didn't put that on there?
Oh, well, nobody knows who, what's his name?
Schemaar more?
They don't know who that is.
No, it is not really.
Well, there were a lot of people on the pull Friday that people didn't know who they were.
They didn't know Billy or Warlock.
And a lot of people still don't know Tom Welling.
If they don't watch Smallville, they wouldn't know Tom Welling from...
Or Sophia Vergara.
No, nobody knew who that was.
And like I said, I...
No question.
If they saw the pictures that you got there of whatever her name is, Sophia Vergara.
Boy, I forgot to take the camera off the camera.
The calendar off the wall.
I got your calendar covered up.
You asshole!
Jesus Christ!
Don't mess up the calendar.
Good.
That was a Christmas present.
Was that Sophia?
Yeah.
Not messed up.
It's just on the floor like we're going to have a little bit crinkled with...
And going to get stepped on.
Yeah, messed up my calendar with those identical twins.
And you're the one of all people that took the pull-eye identical twins.
Right?
About fantasizing about having sex with identical twins.
And you're not even thinking about that.
Don't you think that that...
Well, I was.
What do you think I was thinking about?
Sophia Vergara?
I don't think so.
No.
No, not this old fact.
I'll see it there.
There we go again with that gate banter.
And you're the one that inspired it.
I was just doing my thing.
And you inspired all the gate banter again.
Blame George.
So I guess the deal is with Greg as he came rushing in here to find out.
Because you do understand that if there was any bad feeling about that appearance on a mo green show this morning,
you know, you know, you're not going to be on a mo Howard that you're up for being canned again.
Yeah, yeah.
This is going to...
There's no end to that.
I know that's why we have to keep going.
In other words, it's not like we resolved the problem and we decided that it was all frivolous and there's no sense.
And even though he backed off, he can always put the pressure run against me.
So in other words, if I do something that pisses him off or even if Miguel does something that pisses him off,
you're the one that's going to be on the line to get fired again.
So just keep that in mind while you're eating your next meal and smoking your next...
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, what is it?
60.
Alright, and you know something, I gotta go out and buy some goods to guards when I get back up in Tio.
It's so pleasurable to be able to sit there in the morning with my little ash tray,
smoking whatever the hell I want.
It's great.
Don't have any assholes running around.
Oh, it's a non-smoking building because it happens to be a smoking building.
Why the hell not I live there?
It's my joint, my place.
WQAM.
Hello?
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, I was running a bike to get on the air with Neil.
You're on right now.
Oh, I am?
Yes, ma'am.
It sounds like me.
I just want to tell my totally agree with him about people needing to speak English when they come here.
Uh-huh.
And they should stop letting everybody in.
They should stop...
Amen, listen right now.
Okay.
When a doubt turn them around and say about, okay, ask the KMLV this.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, what I tell you.
She don't even know who she's talking to, but if we have women as soon as you bring this up,
let's get Sandy Payton on, come on.
Let's talk about those killmen.
Let's get Amy Schaefer in here.
I didn't start this.
It was just staring me near the paper Saturday.
I thought to myself, oh, I'm back here again.
All the good old ethnic hate.
Every excuse to hate this one, hate that one.
They won't speak it a God-name English.
Who cares?
Who gives a crap?
Does it bother me that all those Dutch people?
I mean, most of them know English because they have to take it in school,
but not all of them.
And if they don't learn it, who cares?
There's certain things that are like universal.
You don't have to speak the same language.
Right?
What are you talking about?
Like this, like this finger, for example.
Oh.
Oh, those brits.
I guess I already talked about that.
About the burly brits that all look like they're rugby players.
Oh, they're just, they're nauseant.
And then we have people out there.
We have a lot of brits who live down here.
And I can understand why you left your country.
That Dutchman at Hans that calls us, and maybe that was him before.
I have no idea why anybody would leave Holland and come here.
I mean, I can understand if they're like work study, or here,
like to blow up some buildings or something like that.
But I mean, I, for the life of me, I can't imagine why anybody would leave there
and come to live in this country.
That would be like leaving Canada and coming, and coming to live in the US.
I can't even imagine that.
People do it all the time.
People come for jobs, right?
Because the pay is better, and it's not that crappy Canadian money.
And it isn't the Arctic tundra.
Well, let me ask you this.
How about Chicago and New York and Boston?
Is there weather any different from Toronto or Montreal?
Nevertheless, the snow bird principle.
People leave.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I'm not talking about coming here for the weather.
I'm talking about coming here permanently.
People who leave a country just like retirees that come here and stay here.
I don't understand it either, but they do.
Well, do you do understand this is God's waiting room?
I do understand that.
And I don't know why.
Oi!
Like Anne Bancroft said, when we get old, we all go to Florida and wait to die.
And that's exactly right.
217 votes on that survey, and 107, that's 49.3% say they care a lot about that language issue here in this town of this problem.
This is America's big English god, damn it!
And lose that accent, Miguel.
Or most going to get you fired too.
He don't like specs, I'm telling you.
I should've asked him about that, but I guess it's probably just as well that I didn't.
27 past 11.
I just had that one guy.
He's the only one that heard that segment.
That's not a very good omen, is it?
As far as our crossover with the Mohawar show.
That was the only guy.
And then he was terminal anyway, he kept recounting those other phone calls.
He made them all.
He was worse than rumor that guy.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
Minches of shame, tune 4 Woo!
commodity for r Vega with screw gale on the
Yileon, we're getting tired of you.
Yileon, you should be cute about.
Rolling subdues don't sound so hard.
You should be on your way.
It's easy just go flow
Hilly on your inner tube is waiting
All you have to do is go hop on
We'll paddle out and head you south
And see how to your mouth
So go back to Havana
It's only 90 miles
So go back and see Castro party on your brand new I love USA in the tube
Because you flow along in the tubes
So go back Hilly on
It's so close you can see
Your daddy and both grandmas
Is that fun?
I'm just thinking to myself I always like Joe Rose in the morning
It's 1131 at 560
No, I'm thinking about it now you were witness to it
I didn't the beast come in here and say since he produces on that morning show that they invited me
He invited me to come in here and be on a show with him
And I wish him a happy birthday which is very self-grantised he would never less
And he invited me to sit down
I went in there and I wish them happy birthday during the break
And we had that incipit conversation about how he didn't get you can and he backed off
And did the right thing and all this other idiotic crap
And then as I was starting to walk out he's not sitting on our chair and he put me on the air
I didn't crash their show they invited me to be in on that show
You follow what I'm saying?
I followed it all the way through
I don't get it I just I don't get that made it all
There's nothing funky right now
We have a little fun I think
I thought we just had a little fun
And if we didn't have any fun tough crap
So what did I tell you about this thing with Bell South now?
That's the story I read about the business section
Here is Jill
Who says I just called Bell South and cancelled my extra calling services on my two phone lines
These services include call waiting, three-way calling etc
Those services add up fast I'll be saving $4,140 a yearly savings of $496.80
And my voice has been heard
I'll also be sending a copy of my cancelations to Joseph Latcher
Lacker LHCR I know I pronounce it
Bell South president of Florida and he'll the year VP of marketing
I encourage others to do the same
I hope they'll be able to read my letter as it will be in English only
Sign Jill
A militant bitch
Well guess what Jill when I get home this afternoon I'm gonna call a Bell South in order
A whole bunch of new services
Just to cancel her out
See what I'm saying?
Yeah
I'm gonna order like three-way, five-way calling
And another phone line for my fax machine
Order up a party line
And a party line for party radio
You gotta leave your life
That's right I'll replay that one
How come we didn't have any comment about band owner Naman?
Bond and the USA is the album you can get in the US by the way
Their website is VON and the USA
Bond and the USA
Did you remember the videos I showed you last year?
Yeah they were great
The one where he was dancing naked with the nun
And running around with my whole naked chicks in a Catholic school
And it was great
He is great
But at any rate we don't want to overdo it
Because we understand that there's a little bit of German in there
And people are very uptight about language
Although I guess you know something
Maybe it's not a language problem
Maybe it's just a Spanish problem
Maybe they don't mind if you speak a little bit of German
Even a little bit of Yiddish is in Coxalhoi stuff like that
Like I do on this show
Or a little bit of Dutch
I think the problem is when Spanish becomes the primary language in a lot of places
And people feel left out
No I think the problem is there just a lot of hate
Oh that's it
I think that's what it is
Plus of course the business of using languages of weapon which was in at article
Using languages of weapon it's very common both ways
And wrong
Yeah well like on the elevator with those power 96 assholes
I find it very amusing to see this thing going back and forth between power and party
Because they both suck
They both absolutely suck
The music on both stations is garbage
I'm not saying that once in a great while by accident
That either station hasn't played a good song but that's only by accident
That's like saying that a guy who can't sing worth a crap
Occasionally doesn't hit the right note once in a great while
That was that
A party song
Oh well I got all kinds of stuff on here
Even Alkazar are all you queens out there
You know from Alkazar?
No
They're from Denmark
To each its own you know we don't want to start playing music here
Do we? Why not?
Put those assholes right out of business
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless
Why 100 plays it?
Why 100 plays the calling?
Who was that?
Miguel
Oh I'm a gal I don't know
Guess what I was trying to guy
Now do they know where they're from? They're American the calling it's an American group right?
I guess
No nothing about them
But it's an 1100
And either do why?
I don't listen to a radio here
I listen to us on a way home every day I listen to the mad dog
If I'm in the car later I'll listen to Hank
Come and work this morning I listen to Moe and then he repeated
Did you hear you listening man?
When he repeated the same stuff to me that I heard him say coming in about what that was that about
I forget what it was
He fed me back the same sucks
Oh something about since Jimmy Carter was a hasn't had a...
Oh he was at the ball game with his wife yesterday the Marlon game
And he sat next to two big fat guys who hadn't had a bat since Jimmy Carter was president
I heard him say that when I was driving in and then he gave me the same lie when I was sitting there
Well you know the radio audience son
Oh no that's right that's when he said that thing about they switch every 15 minutes
And I said only on your show
5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the on the AT&T
And seriously I'm not exaggerating I'm not being sarcastic
I wish I could lighten him up because we could have a lot of fun
But it's obvious to me that it's like and the pride of who I blame Greg
Because you can see already Greg is listening to the tape and what did you say when he came in here?
You know if you'd stop treating this man like a child he just turned 72 today for Christ's
It's his birthday stop treating him like an overgrown child treat him like a man like a munch
If you know what that meant Greg which you don't you silly boy
Instead of treating him like a little baby
Oh he's obsidian that tough crap okay
Change his diaper and cut the crap Greg
Nah I blame Greg that's what I blame
Of course you're not in any position at this point since your job is so tenuous
In fact when he was in here I don't want to tell you
He said what do you think son I for a judge today? I said sure
He's stupid 21 till noon now where are you playing that off of?
Do you see us? Oh it's in there it's D-
Oh that's in there with the mad dog or the angry puppy
I didn't realize we had all that stuff like he's stupid
Oh yeah see I don't have that in Toronto
Here's a problem with George yeah he's stupid
Stupid stupid stupid
I love this if I didn't know that I'd have played this for four hours today
Stupid stupid stupid
21 till noon at 5.60 I think this had colds affecting my...
Don't play me okay the audience out there don't play me I'm just a little under the weather
Plus the corporate diseases in this studio so being back in here is not to me any good
My head's all filled up
Hey let me tell you about a great place where they know their head pizza love
That's Jeff's special isn't it?
Getting receiving giving thinking about that's old Jeff Cohen with the black balls
Now what was that you were talking about before about black balls? Black sack
Oh black, black sack well that's the same thing isn't it? Jeff's running around on his bike with his little black sack every day
And when you go into pizza love say hey Jeff how's your black sack he might even show it to you
Wouldn't surprise me that's the kind of guy he is
Now am I supposed to talk about the new place opening soon or not I guess it's not in a copy
He never called you back and said one month they were opening
Anyway every Monday like tonight is eggplant night at the pizza lock every two days
What is it lasagna night is Monday and Tuesday is eggplant night by one of these dinners on these nights
Get the second one for only five bucks Wednesdays kids eat free with adults they can see Jeff's famous magic show
And his black box his black sack
Thursday is bike night at the loft come on a motorcycle by one dinner get the second one for app price because Jeff loves his bike your buddies
Pizza Lobs got combination dinners you try a little bit of this and a lot of that they give you big big fresh portions
Everything is delicious just phenomenal garlic rolls dripping with garlic three different kinds of great pizza
They got the veal and chicken and seafood calzone super subs Jeff's got it all to pizza lot big big portions
And like I said prices so small you in the whole family can keep coming back over and over again
Don't forget they're located the original a browart pizza lot fun between them on university between Griffith and five 95 right next to Nova South Eastern and right beyond
Pier one imports a kitty corner of the army to all cafe see how we're gonna work that back and forth like an yeah a little cross promote there
Why not for a take out or delivery or have Jeff cater your next to fear just call 954 916 80 80 a bunch of Jeff's catered a lot of affairs
954 916 80 80 no forget the new pizza lot's gonna be opening late in the summer over there by a marsy at Walgreens
Navhill and sunrise in prestigious now is that that's plantation see to me the I want to say sunrise I was thinking about that
Just no that definitely not sunrise sunrise is further west like where the amol is but I want to say the acres but to me the acres is like west of where
Highest road in sunrise starts that's the acres so it's like a
One two
The man's off
We days in one sports radio 5.16
Q.A.
The O'Rodgers God
Singer Dion Warwick was arrested at Miami International Airport after a routine baggage scan discovered 11 marijuana cigarettes jammed in her lipstick case
Dion what did you plan to do when you got to the security checkpoint when you were stopped by officer Alfred McGillen what did you say
I'm all about
Andy on Warwick who do you normally smoke pop with?
Some sources say you were carrying the pot for Whitney Houston is that true
When do you usually get high?
So would you say you've been smoking pot for a long time?
This Warwick sign papers guaranteeing she would return for her day in court
Yeah me 250 and a half till noon at 5.60 no truce
Aretha Franklin claims tabloid defamed your bad you are really brutal you could see the looks on his face every time
I mentioned anything to do with that I'm not a bad guy. Oh a good guy. Yeah, all right. Oh
Star tabloid for defamation over story that said the singer has a drinking problem that's threatening her career in life
The lawsuit is a rebuttal and everything in the article is false Franklin's lead attorney Barry B. Langber to Los Angeles said Wednesday
You know Barry he's stupid literally millions of people read that garbage people believe what they read in the publishers sell a lot of copies of that crap
Who would read a thing like the star he's stupid. Yeah, I read it. In fact, did I read a story from the story already this morning
What about Al Pacino and the godfather. I love that story. That was a good story. Yes, it was about how they MGM was forced to release him over to Paramount
They made him an offer. It couldn't refuse about the MGM grand
What was the guy's name not Jack Hurvorki and something close to that
Mogreen Mogreen the star story quotes unidentified insiders and pals of Franklin 60 who said they were worried about her drinking the story also said
Franklin cancelled performances because of her drinking the lawsuit filed March 26 in federal court in Al Pacicur, Bacurkey said the article was published in New Mexico's Bernal Little All County
Well, that's a beautiful place you know we ever driven through Arizona, New Mexico. No, just Vegas
Not a place that you really would want to spend any time but a good place to drive through and look at all the nature all the multi colored rocks
I'd like Jeff like Jeff Cohen sack New Mexico's Bernal Little County and throughout the country and that the county residents read the defamatory statements in the story
I guess that kind of lost something in the translation when I picked it up there and it sentence too bad. It names his defendants American media in American media operations in started to link in the author of the story that ran in December 2000 about poor urethra
Right little problem. Okay. We all like urethra
Anybody who would write anything bad about urethra is probably stupid
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line you know I come back to town for just a few days totally unsuspecting I figure I sneak in here this morning I do a few shows I get there a lot of here and I'll be gone for like four months and everything's fine you know
And first low and behold before I even know it all of a sudden in the other studio over there. And now we got a whole big song and dance going on.
259
250
Oh God what am I doing here get the plane pull the plane up to the side of the building and let's take off a
Straight vertical take off please
5 6 7 0 5 60 got a lot of open lines on there boy I tell you we're doing the screenless and we still can't get any response from this dead this place is dead forget about it
Talk about a waste of energy WQ I am
Hi, like this you can now speaking. Oh, hey, welcome back now. Thank you a couple of things first the week they showed the final episode of smallville you were you were not on George's on yeah and
That was a great episode. I only saw few episodes during the now wasn't that the one where they found the air they showed the little flying saucer in a basement at the end
Yeah, like they the guy the reporter brought back that little piece that went back into the ship and then the ship like right started floating up into the air
And he had like the video camera and then the father was like facing after him and the storm I mean if the father was smart
Taken the camera and broke it into pieces destroying the truth now the father was smart. He got back to do some hazard
Exactly
One thing I don't remember like when that storm hit like Lex Luthor's house like you know something
I don't think I did see that episode I saw the one the week before when they found the ship they were showing the previews
That's where I saw the ship in the basement, but I never saw the last one you're right. I didn't saw it. No, that's the great. Well somebody will call in and answer the question. I'm sure
This this tornado head and what's her face Lana was like stuck in a pickup truck and like the end of the episode Clark like caught it to where she was trapped in the truck and the tornado picked up the truck and he went running after her after her and that's how they ended the episode
I tell you one thing if he moved his fast on her as he's moving on and everything else on it show he'd make a score sometime in his lifetime. Right. I also want to talk a little about music
I wanted to say that you know for somebody who's older I'm like really impressed in your musical taste. I share a lot of the same musical
Reciational taste that you have and it's a shame that they don't play you know a lot of that stuff down here. Well see part of the reason that that's just down here
But this country because of the fact that there's really almost no music videos to watch anywhere here except MTV
Which doesn't show any and much music which you know is pretty marginal at best. There's no music video whereas in Europe
And I hate to keep saying this but I love it with my satellite dishes because I got about 15 or 20 different music channels
And there are no stupid programs like you have on MTV where most of the programming I was taking up with dumb programs
But over there all the music channels they show videos all day. Well I do get MTV 2 and they do show a little bit of like stuff over from Europe and electronic music.
They show like some awards show like honoring all the people in electronic music and showing their videos and that's pretty good.
But why don't they have a station where they crank stuff in like from satellite that comes in from like Europe or Germany or Europe.
Right I tell you they would kick ass. I mean wouldn't that be relatively inexpensive and they could you know have like really huge ratings. Sure I think so.
I mean you know they crank that sports crap on over the satellite and get no numbers and they might actually make some money doing that.
You got it. Anyways I also for have you ever done a poll asking something to the effect of out of all the music stations down here on the FM which one is the worst which one stinks.
Which one stinks. Yeah I would say all of the above would be my answer they all stink. I just which I just wonder which one stands out above the rest and I think we've done that.
I think we've done that. I'll have you. Maybe not maybe we'll do that tomorrow your favorite music station man we might do that. I don't think we if we did do it it's a long time ago.
All right well hey enclosing like I said I'll suck and close and I'll say Britney Spears is okay but she's no Kristen crook.
Okay take care who's Kristen crook from smallville Lana.
Oh that's right I mean I think of where's Lana I don't think you're Christine crook.
She's not the she's okay she's okay she's fine she's not Britney she's not Britney I mean come on.
She ain't no Britney Spears I'll tell you that right now just want to just one of Britney's breasts would put her to shame just just one just disconnected from the whole but seriously guaranteed.
Now you want to like this audience will like me.
A1.
Never a1.
What's their self been.
It been.
Okay.
What the hell.
Here comes Ben.
Look out.
What's their self been.
What's their self been.
What's their self been.
What's their self been.
What's their self been.
I'm sorry but I didn't mean to get over there you can't just ignore that you could handle.
But but I will say this.
Yeah well no I'm a some of it is actually good for example.
See what I'm saying some of it.
All by the way, I got to work for you to do next time please.
Okay. I've got the new stuff. Lots of leaps.
Puzzles.
La la la la, la la la.
La ju la, la la la la.
La la la la la, la la la la la.
La la la la la la.
I was going to clean my room, until I got high.
I was going to get up and find the broom, but then I got high.
I know why, why, man, hey, cuz I got high, cuz I got high, cuz I got high, cuz I got high, I was gonna go to class before I got high, come on, yo, check it out, I could have cheated and I could have passed, but I got high, alright, I'm taking a next semester, and I know why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why,
why, why, why, why, why
I was gonna pull right over and stop but I was high
La la la la, now I'm a fear of pleading, checkin' out, no why, why me?
La la la, now I'm a fear of pleading, checkin' out, no why, why me?
I was gonna make love to you, I was gonna need your pussy to, no why, why me?
La la la la, now I'm a fear of pleading, checkin' out, no why, why me?
Yeah, I mean, go la la, I mean go la la, I mean go la la, I mean go la la, I mean go la la, I mean go la la, go la, go la
I'm into a late shit, because I got a hard, go, yeah, gup, yeah, I lost my keys and why?
Go la la, say what, say what, say what, say what, say why?
Now I'm sleeping on this sidewalk and I know why, why me?
I'm a stop singing this song because I'm high
I'm singing this whole thing wrong because I'm high
Bring it back, bring it back, bring it back, bring it back
And if I don't sell one copy, I'm a wild one
Yeah, yeah, yeah, because I'm high, because I'm high
I'm high, because I'm high, are you alive?
I'm high, I'm high, are you alive?
I'm high, I'm high, I'm high, are you alive?
Four minutes is still due to 560 WQM, that app romaine.
Not bad, but I'll tell you one thing, stupid.
Yeah.
5 6 7 0 5 60, we got 274 votes on a poll.
How much do you care about the language problem in South Florida?
Eight people say there is no language problem.
Eight people. That's 2.9%.
Eight wise guys.
I'm bilingual so too bad for the rest of you 29 not at all 31 they don't give a crap 31 people say
Enough to avoid dead County as much as possible 69 at 25.1 percent. That's a lot
But 50% it even 50% 137 out of 274 you do the math a
Lot this is America speak English God damn it you miserable spics you that's 50%
So nice to see the things have changed a lot since I left just a couple what was it six weeks ago something like that
And now going to be gone for months in a few days boy you by the time I come back in October you won't recognize this place
Everybody will be like having a big love fest at the beach and to be a big oh, yeah
Instead of riding they'll be like having a love in in the streets and all kinds of stuff. Why don't we do it in a row?
They'll be playing they were from US too. Were they
the beetle I already said that
Three minutes till noon at 560 WQM hey if you would like to look just like the beast or maybe even a little bit better and the good news is my little black
Sackas arrived. Thank you Troy and Troy
Troy Stratford and Troy what's his name over there our friend from balance for life Troy?
I forget I knew it and then I forgot yeah good. That's a good idea
Anyway, if you want to lose some weight and get into bathing suit shape
Here's the answer balance for life they bring in even Jeff Cohen is on and now which is fantastic and
There's a guy who actually has his own restaurant so he could prepare anything he wants
But you know this is the smart way to do it because if you're too busy to eat the right foods if you're tired of going shopping or eating in restaurants they deliver you the
All the food you need every day the perfect balance three hormonal balance gourmet meals and two delicious snacks
Even a 16 ounce bottle of water right to your doorstep by six in the a.m. If you're gonna be at work by that time
They deliver it right to your work or your home wherever you're gonna be and of course
This is all based on the principles of the zone dr. Bury's your zone diet
Which is very complicated very effective but complicated they take all the work and they are measuring out for you because like I said all the food
It's in there right in your little black sack and don't forget you can get to choose between two alternatives for each meal each day
That's your own program. I got my little black sack now. Remember so forget about your freaking meals. Okay. I'm not going out to eat
Get in shape for summer starting right now. It's guaranteed. You don't have to like I said worry about counting calories or carbs because they do all the counting for you
Call balance for life 954
568 3229
954 568 3229 or check out their website at www
1 800 497 9827
Hey the state Goldstein but you can call me Kelsey whenever I'm in town
I listen to wait a minute. I am in town. It's the 12 to 1 hour
Inside
I got it down here, you can on the line.
Cause we used to spend so much time together.
Now it seems that was destiny.
And now you let me be high.
See the enemy playing that too, it's called the beautiful by disco Montigo.
Got a whole bunch of stuff, they got to be playing on PY,
but Disney or a loser, less basic things.
You haven't got a clue.
You're done, you're finished, you're stupid.
Turbo 2 at 560, WQAM 560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
We got Mad Dog Manage, so I'll tell you one thing, he's your rain.
Stupid.
And then we got Hank, who's definitely not stupid.
He'll be here at 3, doing the show at Chulos anyway.
Then you got Hurricane Hotline at 7 o'clock, 8 to 10, we got a guy who,
well he's not stupid.
He's just boring, Joseph Gackie, Eddie K. Atten and Joe and Mark overnight 2 to 6.
Joe, he used to be really good till he did the show for me for that one week with George and everybody turned on him.
Why'd they do that? Was he really bad or what?
No, I didn't think so. He was Joe.
Which I like.
Yeah.
I'm a big fan of his, I thought he did fine.
560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
It's a phone call Monday, no less.
Kind of a shock.
Kind of surprising that I'm back in town actually, not that it makes any difference.
Kind of really shocking that we're taking calls today.
We had a few that were pretty bad.
Okay, let's try some more.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, sir.
Hey, what's going on?
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Let me talk to George, please.
WQAM.
WQAM.
I forgot what I was going to say because I got high.
That sounded like the crow to me.
WQAM.
Hey, good to be QAM. Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just wanted to say that Neil, you're no Joe Pine.
You're really a nice guy. I've been listening since KMLX.
Yeah.
I never was on KMLX.
You weren't in St. Louis?
No.
Oh, well, my mistake.
Okay, have a nice day.
Yeah.
Oh, wow.
Woo.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I mean, they, they hits just keep on coming, baby.
When we took that poll that day, I finally broke down and took that poll.
You know, what is it you liked the least about this show?
What bothers you the most?
And even though it didn't have as many votes as I thought,
no phone calls, that bother this audience a lot compared to anything else.
The reading that didn't bother them.
They don't, they don't mind that.
But lack of the phone calls just to tour them an ass.
So here you go.
I mean, this guy was great.
He's been, I'm no Joe Pine.
Whatever.
I mean, no, I don't have a wooden leg.
I know I'm not dead.
Was it a Pine leg?
Oak.
Remember Scott Oak from Hockey Night in Canada?
No, George don't. He's like Moe.
You know, see you guys got something in common.
You both don't like hockey.
Although you don't hate it.
He hates it.
I don't hate it.
He thinks it's stupid.
WQAM.
QAM, hello.
Not too slow for this kid.
QAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
Law advantage with AMF.
Wow.
WQAM, hello.
So I know, why would you ever come back to this nonsense?
Beats me.
Hey, listen, can I ask you a serious question about hockey?
Go right ahead.
QAM.
Why is it during the regular season they play 4 and 4 and overtime,
but in the playoffs they play 5 on 5?
Because it's a whole different format.
In the regular season it's only a 5 minute overtime.
And if nobody wins it's still a tie.
So the idea being since they're only playing for 5 minutes,
that it's a better way to make the ice more open and break up more ties.
Because obviously nobody likes a tie.
It's not satisfactory conclusion.
Whereas in the playoffs, of course, I mean, they play a full 15,
full 20 minute overtime.
And have a nice day.
He just, something going on with that phone again, you notice?
See, that's another reason that taking calls is real pain in the ass,
because we got the bell-soft people who are always dickin' with stuff.
And by the way, I could have gone along with Jill and really gone after Bell-soft.
Not that these people care anyway.
It's just that they work for the company and they got the ability to dick with our phone lines here.
And they do it.
Remember that one I had real early when I started picking them up?
That's from your clunk sound.
We weren't, you know, I've been doing this, I've been around a block a few times, okay?
I know when you asshole phone people are dickin' with us.
Go give Larry a mix of the big fat kiss on his...
Correct them, cheek.
W-Q-A-M.
Hey, hey, they're on the down of Roy's, homie.
That's it, Danielle, please.
What did he say?
Can I please speak to them?
No, but would you say before that?
I says, hey, homie, down the Roy's.
Oh, I see, it's the Crow.
It's the Crow line.
See, I've got to figure out which lingo you're speaking of.
Yeah, you know something I think I'm going to vote again on the poll.
This language problem is big.
Yeah, go ahead, sir.
Thank you, thank you.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yeah.
That's right, Neil.
Okay.
Whatever you say, it's not Neil.
I'm not Neil.
Hey, listen, all you people out there in the audience, I'm not Neil.
It's just a joke.
Neil's up there in Toronto.
I'm just down here in the cluster.
Can't you tell by the bad head cold?
Just a coincidence, Neil had one last week.
It's Joe Pine.
Yeah, I'm Joe Pine.
And by the way, you're listening to KMOX, St. Louis.
Stay tuned for the Cardinal game.
Dan Kelly be bringing your blues hockey, little lad.
Oh, that's right.
They're done.
Sorry.
And so is he.
W-Q-A-M.
Call me, hold it.
Now, you see what I'm saying?
Here's a guy that was already ringing the line before and he had nothing to say.
So we hear this other asshole doing it.
It's unspeakable.
I mean, what is there to say about assholes like that, huh?
I got your crowbotics right here, homeboy.
Only one word for most of these calls.
Stupid.
W-Q-A-M.
Back, that's one of the better ones right there.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
A couple things.
First off, what time's it going to be over an Amsterdam when you do the show?
Three to seven.
That's not too bad.
No, it's great.
That means I can sleep in late every day.
That's all right.
You got it, mate.
You bet.
Something else.
How come Howard David doesn't tell you his real age?
You didn't hear it this morning?
No.
I heard you said 69 and then you said 72.
Yeah.
So what is it?
Well, what's his name?
Robert Greeper told us it was 60.
Yeah.
That's what he said, but I'm not really sure.
He looks a little more like 72.
He's telling you a crotchety old man.
Okay, thanks.
Hey, you're a crotchety old man, Howard.
That's what this guy said.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless line.
Maybe I heard wrong.
Maybe he's only 50.
Yeah, maybe that's it.
That's what I am.
But like George and everybody else said, he looks a lot older than me.
Maybe he just didn't live such a great life.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
Is this the radio station?
I just said W-Q-A-M.
Oh, man.
It's isn't he?
Hey, Neil.
Hey, this is the first time I've ever called you.
What station are you on?
I'm on your station, man.
But I'm outside right now.
I can't hear the radio.
What station do you work on?
Oh, no, no, no.
I don't work on a radio station.
You're not a radio guy.
You sound like a radio guy to me.
I used to be on a radio.
Aha.
And what station was that?
It was placed up in Pennsylvania.
I had a couple of places down here in Florida, the country, K-Radio.
I knew it.
The second I heard that voice, I said, there's a radio guy.
Well, I appreciate that.
I've come from you.
That's a heck of a compliment.
Anyways, I just got back from Germany and Finland.
I was going to give you a call when I was over there.
But you weren't taking calls.
No.
And I just wanted to call up now to say, hi, have you listening to you since the 80s?
And you definitely are the best thing on radio station.
Yes, I am.
And you certainly are.
And it's been a pleasure talking to you, Sarah.
And congratulations on getting out of the business, by the way.
Oh, yeah.
I'm coming back to the business.
Okay, thanks a lot, pal.
Take care.
Boy, if that wasn't, I mean, Georgian, I looked at each other as soon as I heard the first word out of his mouth.
And he's got a very good voice.
He's got a great broadcast voice.
No, I think it was.
Johnny Dirk.
Wasn't it sound like that's it?
Yeah, when I first punched it up, it had that tone a little bit like Johnny Dirk.
But then obviously it was not.
Because first of all, Johnny wouldn't pretend to be somebody else in addition to which.
Johnny Dirk's an asshole.
10 minutes after it.
Now, Johnny's a good guy.
And I turn Johnny into a good guy.
But get him to go over there to Europe and take all that time off after Cox can't his ass on ceremony, honestly, on the coast.
And he spent all of that cash he had saved up and had himself the time of his life in Amsterdam and Cologne.
And Italy and all over Europe had a scan in the Navy.
I think he went to Stockholm.
I'm telling you folks, you know, life is short.
While you're still breathing, if you got a few bucks or if you can steal some or borrow some from Georg, you know, get on a plane and go somewhere.
I'm telling you, look at that.
The thousand on 120 heavy cross-border shelling in cash.
Mirror.
Those crazy Indians at Pakistanis.
See what I'm thinking is we ought to tell both of them cut the crap or else.
Because if we get involved, you're going to be really sorry.
And as far as a general schmendrick over there, Musharraf.
This business has taken those thousands of troops off the Afghan border and shipping over there to India to the border with India.
Unacceptable.
Unacceptable.
But we're a bunch of pushies.
We're paying it.
We already gave him all these incentives for guy.
We blackmailed him as basically what it boils down to be, you know, our bad guy.
And now he's still threatening.
Just quit rattling your spear and cut the crap.
1213, a 12, what is it?
I don't know what time it Howard was having trouble with the time this morning too.
No say, or we're just a little out of sync here.
So 11 past noon at 560 WQA.
I'm saying, hey, I'll tell you one thing that can waste a lot of your day in that shopping for a new mattress.
If you've been tossing and turning, if your back feels like crap, if you're not walking straight,
well, that could be another thing.
But it could be because you're not sleeping on a great mattress.
The old one is just worn out.
That's why you ought to call our friends a dial or mattress, 1-800 mattress.
In fact, Fatboy was in here today.
This is his account.
The great Jeff High, who's walking with a cane now, I notice.
Very sad.
In fact, Jeff just, he hopped on it and didn't hop.
He'd like wild over the scale I was in here.
Tip the scale it like 480, not bad.
Anyway, no store in the universe can match dial or mattress for a selection of exceptionally low prices every day.
Because like I said, I've been using them in my home for years.
They give you the ultimate freedom and choice of brand name.
They got the best Surtis, Seely, Simmons and King Coral.
And they always have exactly the one you're looking for.
So you don't have to suffer that bait and swish like most of the other joints.
And don't forget, they give you that 30 day in-home comfort trial.
So you can check it out, sleeping on it for up to a month if you like to make sure it's the mattress that's good for you and your back.
And the way you like to sleep.
Call them today.
They'll be there in no time at all.
Any two hour window that you pick when it's convenient for you when you want to be home.
Call 1-800 mattress.
The only smart way to a shop for a new mattress.
As a matter of fact, that would be a good thing in her spot too.
You know what I'm saying?
Don't be stupid. Be smart.
Call dial or mattress.
Don't be stupid.
Be smart.
1-800 mattress.
1-800 MATTRES.
Stay safe.
Call now.
We're in danger.
Free on sports radio 560.
You A.M.
You have a problem with George.
Yeah.
He's stupid.
You and this daughter happy place.
No.
It's a goddamn crappy place.
Where everybody is.
The sight of your face.
U.A.M. is not a happy place.
It's a stinkin' big disgrace.
U.A.M. is not a happy place.
God worshipers who love O.J.
Backstabbing reprobates.
The equipment always breaks.
It's a hot and swarming place.
U.A.M. is not a happy place.
No.
A real depressing place.
U.A.M. is not a happy place.
1215-560.
We got the mad dog at 1.
Here's a fact from Scott who says,
Love you since you did midnight to WKPX.
That was right before our way to St. Louis God to KMOX.
Right after I came back from a CKLW in Windsor.
Laura Faxes and says just a quick note to thank you for turning me on of the book,
Shakedown by Ken Timberman, what an excellent book.
And you are absolutely correct.
Laura?
Not only is Jesse O'Hood and a thug, he should be in jail for extortion.
This book should be mandatory reading for every Afro-American,
who thinks Jesse is their savior.
The only thing he's here is to help himself to other people's money.
He doesn't care who he steps on.
He's a reverend like I'm Elvis.
Says Laura.
And I'm only halfway through the book.
Bless you, Neil, for opening up your eyes.
And you welcome, Laura.
And have a wonderful life.
560-560.
On a AT&T and Verizon line, victims might address Vichy,
bisexual, battery with the only issue on the agenda.
Annual meeting convenes June 13th,
writes, Laura, Goldstein in the New York Times.
Speaking of Goldstein, do we ever hear any more about him?
Is he, I guess, he's just cooling out, huh?
I guess.
Because I guess he went on Howard right before the,
not Mohaward on Howard Stern.
Right before he got thrown in a slamer.
And I guess he's in there.
Good old Al.
Boy, how the hell are they going to keep him fed?
Can you even begin to imagine?
God.
The Roman Catholic bishops of the U.S. are negotiating
with groups representing victims of sexual abuse
by precept of whether or not victims to speak
at the bishops' annual meeting in Dallas this month,
church sources say.
It'll be the first time that the entire body
of more than 400 American bishops assert from abuse victims.
In the 17 years since the bishops began debating the issue,
victims groups have met several times only with small groups of bishops
or with the bishops' committee on sexual abuse.
The better they, they, it says, they better wear
the respect of, as best of cassocks, said the Reverend Gary Hayes,
the Catholic priest in Kentucky, who says he was abused
by two priest as a youth and is now president of a link-up,
an advocacy group for people sexually abused by clergy.
I think they're going to hear stuff that would be pretty challenging,
pretty emotional, and intense, he be saying.
When the bishops meet from June 13 through 15th,
sexual abuse will be the only issue on the agenda
said, Sister Mary Ann Walsh, spokeswoman for the U.S.
Conference of Catholic Bishops.
The bishops had planned to consider a pastoral plan
for Hispanics, but that's been postponed until the bishops' meeting
in the fall, she said.
Several sources in Catholic organizations and the church said
the bishops have already invited an unusually large number of laypeople
to speak at their meeting in Dallas.
The sources said those speakers include Margaret Steinfeld's
editor of Common Wheel, a liberal Catholic magazine based in New York.
Our Scott Appledby director of the Cushwell Center for
Study of American Catholicism at the University of Notre Dame,
and Mary Gail Frawley O'Day, a clinical psychologist
and psychoanalyst in New York and co-authored a book about
treating adult survivors of sexual abuse.
I remember speaking about, I can't read it all today,
it's a good thing I'm taking calls.
Remember Alan O'Day?
No.
Wasn't that his name?
What was the name of that undercover angel?
Okay.
Wasn't that Alan O'Day?
I don't know who's saying that.
Oh no!
Wow, Betcha was.
Let me find the alphabetical songs here.
I have it no time for it all thanks to our friends at Billboard
and his big, very expensive book.
Here's Under the Milky Way by Church.
What am I looking for?
Under the Aboriginal.
Under the Aboriginal.
Sorry.
That's what happens when you get old and senile.
Under the Boardwalk, Undercover Angel, Alan O'Day.
And then what I just said, Alan O'Day?
That's what you said.
That's what I just said, isn't it?
Uh-huh.
Nice going, Neil.
Thank you.
56670560, pound 560 on EAT.
I'll tell you one thing.
This is your flown by today.
Maybe it's because I'm like a little out of it or something?
Maybe.
Oh, it hasn't.
I think you're just thrilled to be here.
No, I'm not.
In fact, I'm counting the days on just individual digits now.
And it'll be bye-bye-bye W-D-Q-A-M.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes.
How are you doing, Neil?
I'm doing great.
Can you tell us what happened on the Shmo Howard show I missed it?
What do you mean, can I tell you what happened?
I didn't hear what happened.
I've been in the Nautilus show all of a sudden in the car.
No, no, no.
He invited me to come on air with his birthday and wish him a happy birthday.
And he invited me to sit around and we just sat and chat.
And that was basically it.
Yeah, before we were all the fireworks.
No, there were no fireworks.
There were only fireworks in his mind, I guess, in your phone.
His driving me nuts.
There were only fireworks in his mind, I guess.
I don't know.
I didn't notice that there was any conflict in there.
Did you?
I thought it was creamy.
I thought we were having a good time.
And then the last thing when I got up and said something about Toronto.
And he said the hockey sucks and yelled at me like that.
And that was it.
And I wanted to.
And then I guess after I walked out of there, he became like a star hyperventilating.
Or some man, maybe not.
You know, a lot of this stuff gets spread around.
I think probably George made up a lot of it.
Yeah.
And you know why he does that?
That's true.
Yeah.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Not a good one though at all.
See, I don't get the good rarest bruise like you get them.
W-Q-A-M.
Hey, guys, Dr. Neil.
Speaking.
Neil, how are you doing?
Buddy, it's good to hear from you.
Okay.
You know what?
I like everything about what you do.
You're not complacent about anything you do.
You're passionate about what you do.
And that's all I got to say.
And I still can't stall around a quay.
Okay, thanks.
Seeing Canada, you know what?
5667.0560.
Pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
W-Q-A-M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, all the things to talk about, nobody can call in, but I just wanted to relate one thing of movie I saw this weekend called Torra Torra.
It kind of re-sugways the same thing that's happening today.
They knew beforehand that the AT&T was going to happen, but yet the CIA, you know, they still have 60 years later, they still haven't got a figure now.
Yeah.
Well, we knew Pearl Harbor was coming too, but we wanted it.
I don't know about that.
But, uh, appreciate that.
I thought it was Torra Torra.
Oh, I didn't see that movie, so I know I knew what it was about.
Pearl Harbor.
I thought it was a Jew movie, Torra Torra.
I didn't know what you're laughing about.
And that one, you know, it sounds like a Jew movie.
Stupid.
5667.0560.
Pound 560.
Oh, that was the one with Eddie and I, the Canter.
Now, see, that's the one time that his eyes lit up, because I'm the only one in the world old enough to know him and me and Mo about Eddie Canter.
And his eyes lit up, but they were running around like a pinball machine when I said that.
I had something about Ida Canter.
He almost like interjected something like that.
If you just, there's nothing wrong with getting old, Mo.
Okay, we're all getting old.
See, I think that's what he's a little bit uptight about, you know.
There's nothing wrong with being old and living in Boka.
There are a lot of people living like in cemetery villages, places like that.
The South Florida is famous for that.
This is where you come when you're getting ready, like when you're at the end of the road, when you're ready to die.
Some of us who aren't quite ready to die yet, we're like, we're branching out in other places and getting out of here as much as possible.
Because if you stay here too long, you become like one of them.
And you start thinking like them, and you start going like that all day and getting like all upset about nothing.
They can be like my mother does.
You know, I got a little cold here and of course, it called her when I got in town Saturday, naturally.
And she's carrying on like I have some kind of like terminal illness here.
So I've got a little head cold, like I caught on a plane coming back from Amsterdam to Toronto.
Is it a big deal? Of course not.
A little scratchy throat which is now gone.
And if I didn't have the flame and my ears were wide open, I feel great.
I feel like I was ready to get on a plane and go back.
But I might turn into pneumonia.
Yeah, right.
But that's what it is.
When people are too much time on their hands, they sit around and they fret and they magnify things and they make a big deal.
I'm sure all of you have relatives, father, mother, grandfather, whatever.
Old people who sit around and dwell on crap and make it into a big gigantic song and a dance.
Well, it's nothing.
And doing that of course is stupid.
WQAM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
I'm doing fine.
I'll talk to my friend in my hands for me.
I'm just curious because you're talking about music today.
You had told me they used to work a sheet?
No.
That was right after KMOX.
Now I never worked a sheet.
Oh, okay.
I thought so.
I'll tell them I'm music.
Yeah, yeah.
No, I used to work on Zeta.
He's got a confused with Zeta.
Oh, okay.
All right.
Just wanted to know.
Thank you.
Okay, thanks.
Zeta, I mean, anybody who, I guess you can confuse Zeta with she because once upon a time, they were the only like rock stations in the market that was after.
What was, she's 102.
What eventually became magic?
What was that station?
I was out of town.
Oh.
I can never, I have a mental block on that.
And it was, it was, you know, had its own cult following.
It was like hard rock.
You know what I'm talking about, don't you?
No.
Heavy metal.
Zeta and she.
No, this is what was before, whatever it was been really great.
Whatever the incarnation of magic is now.
I'm pretty sure it was 102.7.
Somebody will know.
Oh, look at that.
Lime green.
Man.
Speaking of lime green, how's lime time doing?
My good friend Bud Foster, they're at Pomato Park.
I'm sorry.
Roger Laveanna got me all worked up about that.
But sir, we had a great time at the track.
I won a few bucks.
Brad Kramer's got it.
He's a park by the way.
Nice going Brad.
And Randy Wapel's won a big half million dollar race there at Montreal, the hippodrome, the
Moody Munchy all whatever the hell that is.
After they screwed them all around and they, you know, best in the world, baby.
He's no Miriam Tolin, but what can I tell you?
Keep her off the track, guys.
WQA him.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
K 102.
K 102.
Excellent.
Thank you.
That was 100 years ago.
Right.
I went to the cranberry show Saturday.
You liked the cranberry?
Yes.
Uh-huh.
They were unbelievable.
Right.
Right at the Pomato Amphitheater.
Yep.
Anyway, that's it.
Okay, thanks.
K 102.
You don't remember that?
No.
I was out of time.
Why?
K. Why?
Probably remember that.
No.
567.
Stupid.
856.
What is it?
857.
Where did that number come from?
I just made it 5.
I don't know.
I'll try it from whatever numbers you get.
Just put some numbers on the phone.
Okay.
Maybe it'll be us.
That one guy.
Without Camel Wex thing.
I've not been so many of them.
And these are, I mean, we had in the beginning the usual idiots.
But now we're getting some different idiots.
And then we occasionally like this last guy with some information.
It's great.
I think once every 10 years this is a good idea.
1226 at 560 WQM.
If you always put off going to the dentist because you have tremendous fear of pain or neglect.
Like you're just going to be left there sitting with your mouth or whatever is happening in it.
Called Dr. Renapier and Associates and Coral Gables where he offers you sedation dentistry.
Sedation dentistry by Dr. P. Adryl make you feel at ease while your dental works being done.
You'll be sedated just enough to be unaware of the treatment of being done.
Yet feel refreshed and have little or no memory.
What was accomplished?
Dr. P. Adryl does all types of dental work using sedations.
Crowns, implants, cleanings, fillings, root canal, other general dental procedures.
Years of dental work can be fixed as little as a couple of visits.
And Dr. P. Adryl make you feel at ease while he's doing the work with his sedation dentistry techniques.
So don't be afraid to go to the dentist anymore.
Get healthy teeth and gums.
And believe me your gums are important, baby.
A lot of heart disease caused by bad gums.
Get healthy teeth and gums for a lifetime by calling Dr. Renapier and Associates to learn more about sedation dentistry.
Call 305-681-1812.
That's 305-661-1812.
You'll find Dr. P. Adryl's office at 4651 Pots of Dana on Holobard.
Just west of Lajoon Road to the Gables.
Check them out on the web at floridocleepdennis.com.
Or call 305-661-1812.
That's 305-661-1812.
Don't be stupid.
Take care of your teeth and gums.
Talk to Renapier and Associates and tell them that old Neal...
5!
How are you, graded?
When he went to the sixth time on sport radio 5-68, you wish...
He was his new word!
Not his pedophile.
From an early age, John Edward displayed remarkable psychic abilities.
He can reunite people in the physical world with those who have crossed over.
Hi, welcome to Crossing Over.
I'm John Edward.
John Edward connects with a woman who really speaks her mind.
I raise it again.
Is there Stacy or Stevie?
What is this?
No.
There's a Bill connection also to the family.
No.
Or Billy or there's like a being named like Bill.
Uh-oh.
Okay.
And Polly or Paula or Pilar.
There's like a P.L. sound.
No.
Is there like a J.O. connection?
Or like a name that would be like Joni or Janey or...
Nope.
That means there's a B.R. connection, your family also.
Uh-uh.
What's your first name?
Mary.
Say again.
My name's Mary.
Do you have a different name?
You're full of crap.
Is your mom not your mom?
No idea.
What you're talking about.
You want to say this?
I have an idea!
I'm John Edward.
Thanks for watching.
We'll see you next time.
1231 and 560 WQM.
Here's a fact that says I faxed this article to George, but he wouldn't read it.
George sucks.
This is a chronic faxer by the way, Brickness and Anne.
It's the article about Al Goldstein.
Okay.
I don't remember that.
The only problem would be that he didn't fax me the article.
He faxed like the...
When you go to the New York Times website...
Yeah.
Like a lot of newspapers.
There are some articles that you have to pay for, like from the archives.
Right.
And this is one of them.
So he faxes the lead paragraph just before the pornography Al Goldstein was sentenced to 60 days in jail this month for harassing people.
He's a former secretary.
He delivered a stirring speech in which he claimed the mantle of the First Amendment martyr.
JL means nothing to me, Mr. Goldstein.
Because freedom means so much to me.
Six days at Rikers Island have changed his views.
Six days in jail broke him pre-Prenographer says.
And then you can purchase this article for two and a half bucks and it says worth the bucks.
I don't remember seeing that.
Well, first of all, if it's worth the bucks, that means he's already bought it.
Why doesn't he fax me the article itself?
Why should I have to pay two and a half bucks?
I think that guy's full of crap.
Yeah.
Well, not that you mentioned it.
In fact, when he came right down to it, I think he's stupid.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
Facts that is chronic facts.
You know, I don't know.
He might be okay.
I think he's probably right.
No, but seriously, if he says it's worth the money, which means he already bought the article.
So why not send it to me?
I'm not going to say...
Not only that, I don't have time to log on to the New York Times website here.
I can start archiving and cocking around on there.
Some of the articles I'll read it.
It's because George is a hard ass.
Here's another one that says 5.30pm today.
Non-stop to Amsterdam.
Amsterdam is still in the continental...
If you see R, I don't understand what that means.
I have no idea what this means.
5.30pm today.
Now, I see he's going to Amsterdam.
Amsterdam is still in the continental.
Good choice.
VCRs are set.
Be home to see the red wave's been in the cup on the 13th.
Well, let's see the 13th that would be...
No.
I don't think so.
Sooner or later, it's going to be 4th straight.
4th straight, right George?
Carolina is a joke.
They make me sick.
It's like the year that the Panthers had the big run and they got B.C.R. Colorado 4 in the road of the Avalanche.
By the way, Patrick Frog.
Nice hot dog goal there.
You threw it in your own net.
And then you notice what happened to after that.
Yeah, they know we lost that game, but they got blown out 7 out.
They got to get pulled from the game and it lasted bursting 7 out of the game.
Because Patrick Frog is a hot dog.
Next to me, sick.
Fired for speaking English at her government job.
Zita Wollenski claims she was fired from her job in Miami for speaking with somebody just facts me this.
One of our regular factures.
What is this from?
It's from some magazine.
I don't know what else from.
And here in America it says that's called discrimination.
Wollenski, I wonder if she's related to the Smith and Wollenski people.
It had the real bad meat.
They brought us that horrible food that day and those beautiful steak knives that I still have.
But the strip was good.
Wasn't it?
Yeah.
Well, I sure hope now is there's something in my sack that I can eat after I finish with my dog.
Was it pulling on the way home?
Rifle through it.
Oh, okay.
Well, I'm just curious because you know me once once I get out of there, I'm going to want something.
Because you know, when you're going to have blood test, you know, eat it.
In fact, I took a little suck of that Halls mental limpedist thing and then I realized it was one that had sugar in it.
And I spat it right out.
Good.
When it doubts spitted out.
So I just sucked a little.
Well, Wollenski 45 worked for Miami-Dade County for 16 years.
Her assignment was to answer the domestic abuse hotline and help women.
And according to her personal file, bursting with praise, you did a great job.
But there was only one problem.
She was the only Anglo in office full of Latinos.
How do you like that?
I was referred to as the Gringa, the Americanos of Wollenski, mother of two who's also a foster mom to kids with special needs.
It was every single day and you know what?
I have a name.
The cold-hearted co-workers played tricks on her too.
My boss presented me with an envelope one day when the anthrax was going around and told me,
Come here, could you smell this?
This just came in the mail, she recalled.
Big joke in front of the whole department made me look like an idiot.
Maybe look stupid.
One day her supervisor said she would have to become fluent in a four-language in 60 days.
They have tapes for that.
When all the Latin girls got pregnant, my supervisor called me and said,
Zeta, this is going to be a problem.
You're going to have to learn Spanish, Wollenski.
After 30 days, she says her boss disguised her voice and phoned.
Not liking how Zeta handled the call, she fired her.
She called for a person to be someone who didn't speak English and when you couldn't communicate,
she fires you since the disgusted employee.
Yes, that's how it happened.
She was replaced with a Hispanic person, a SPIC.
Howard Ficklestein, a local TV station's on-air illegal eagle, says she has an excellent chance of victory.
If she decides to sue, I say, go forward honey.
I'll take half, whatever you get.
She's going to get a bundle, I think.
The Florida Constitution says English is the official language of the government, says Ficklestein.
You can't fire somebody simply because they know it's Spanish.
It's illegal.
It's illegal.
And it's stupid.
Lavian groups like English first are rattleing around Wollenski with websites and proposed tourism boycotts.
But Wollenski doesn't want to make a big deal.
A mother of two, she says, I just want to work.
I'd like to keep working for the county, but not in the same office.
In a place where no discrimination is tolerated.
How do you like that?
Working for Dave County, she worked for the county for 16 years, and they're playing games with us as a nice lady.
Oh boy.
See how they work?
Yeah.
342 votes on a poll.
How much do you care about the language problem in South Florida we ask today, especially on the heels of that Bell South thing?
And now of course on this thing with a Zalinsky lady.
345 votes.
A lot.
I care a lot.
This is America's big English.
God damn you!
167.
48.4% said that.
No say out of the espaniola key.
No picking a pony.
And he was right, but he was right about the, what is it?
Come see, come suck.
Come see, come suck.
Come see this.
Masomenos.
Masomenos.
But that's...
You know what I mean?
I'm just a belief.
It's stupid.
Prego.
Enough to avoid that county is...
When you shut up already Jesus Christ I'd rather be in Toronto.
Enough to avoid that county as much as...
Of course even if you didn't shut up I'd rather be.
Enough to avoid that county as much as possible 94.
Not at all 38.
See only...
See the big drop off there?
Only 38 say the language thing in the South Florida doesn't bother them at all.
A 37 say I'm bilingual so too bad for the rest of you.
Bafangula.
And nine people said there is no language problem.
A whopping...
Yeah!
... said that.
Which of course is...
Huh?
Because they're just fun in this.
Out of 345 votes so almost 50% of the people out there say it bothers them a lot.
Speak English okay?
Speak when you're spoken to.
George.
Don't be stupid.
Well...
Five and I think he's got a point you know.
I think how he and I are going to be bonding a lot.
Talking about you behind your back.
Oh I speak in a scandal.
Chelsea finds a scandal.
And you know this has got to be one of the most...
It can't only be me.
But this is part of the way the media decide they just sit around they must laugh at the public.
People who are grotesquely on the face of it I mean just nasty looking.
I'm not just...
And all of a sudden they decide oh we're gonna make me we're gonna make this one into a sex symbol.
I mean she is...
Yes.
As they say in Yugoslavia one of the me sisters.
I mean she is one of the...
She looks worse than Edmiss.
That's how bad she looks.
She is so freaking ugly.
Even when she straight out her hair did you see the picture of her and this thing?
Yeah.
And looks worse than she did with a frizzy hair.
At least before with a frizzy hair all you'd look at would be the hair.
The dew.
But now that the hair is like straight out you look at the face with a enormous schnauz that makes...
What's your name look almost like a woman?
On a fox.
No on fox manages to squeeze there.
Red of in the room.
Chelsea finds a scandal.
Is Chelsea Clinton taking her newfound glamour too far?
Glamour.
She's about as glamorous as a pile of diarrhea.
Two British tabloids carried photographs showing Chelsea being helped from a London nightclub
by her boyfriend Ian Claus who's also a his or her looker too.
Fouce.
A Claus.
Boy.
In fact you know something?
She did her to his hair what she used to have to see?
She frizzed it all up and is here too.
The sun and the daily mail on Thursday both published several photos suggesting the 22 year old daughter from a president Clinton and senator Henry Hillary Rodden Clinton had too much to drink.
At London's embassy club.
Bill's girl is going going gone the sun crackled in the headline.
Cackled and crackled.
The daily mail the Daily Mile reported that Chelsea first tried to leave the club around 3 a.m. with a coat over her head.
Then lost control as she stumbled and was held up by a class of other friends that are way to the car.
She looked very drunk the mail quoted the sources saying they had a poor legs in the car to get her in.
We have no comments that Karen Dunne spoke to her in for senator Clinton.
Julia Paine spoke to a woman for the former president.
She said she had a bad feeling about her.
She said she had a bad feeling about her.
She said she had a bad feeling about her.
She said she had a bad feeling about her.
She said she had a bad feeling about her.
She said she had a bad feeling about her.
She said she had a bad feeling about her.
She said she had a bad feeling about her.
She said she had a bad feeling about her.
You're all to hang on to me like a life raft.
I'm your security blanket.
Liness.
So just hang on tight because it's going to be a real exciting ride.
That's all I can tell you.
Talk about it in Plenty Westlife.
Bob Bob Baby, very strange video.
We're like saving this maiden, they're locked up in jail and saving this maiden from being married to this evil villain.
They get on the horses and bust out just in time to ride on the horse into the church.
And stop the wedding and attack the evil doer and his love them evil doers around.
Got all he knows.
Good song, bad video.
Of course you wouldn't see it anywhere.
You'll never see it anywhere.
I mean who here knows some videos, period.
And who here knows from Westlife.
Thank God we got a break.
I'm not going to have time to play it.
My mom said nothing more great.
Hey, I'll leave me a break.
Who would guess I'd let my mind break so far away.
You are my dad.
I was a dreamer.
Now it's dad.
I'm dreaming of things.
That's making my mind go crazy.
Small things like when I call you.
I don't many answers a phone.
Or I get your machine.
And I don't hit me.
When I lie in my bed with the thoughts in my head.
Where we dance, there we sang, and we left all night.
Who would you bomb Bob Baby, please?
Yeah, that's what it's all about.
It's like I said songs okay.
I'm going to play the video's idiotic.
Westlife, for all our Westlife fans,
are they including what's his name?
Eric's wife?
Doesn't she like Westlife?
Didn't you tell me that several months ago?
If I did, I forgot.
Well, you're just, I'm serious.
I think you're starting to get stupid.
18-1 at 560 WQM.
Here's something that's stupid.
That is schmitz in your brains out and watching your health go down the drain.
Just because you're in a hot, you're like a prisoner.
In hot, you would sound floater all during these summer months.
Olio-Met is a product that will make you feed your best and keep you in good health.
Keep you in a pink, a good health.
Here in South Florida, that's right, nothing like when it's pink.
Olio-Met is a soft-tailed capsula, contains pharmaceutical-grade olive oil,
along with vitamins, minerals, and herbals to promote health for all different aspects of your body.
They have one for your prostate, one for your heart,
blood pressure, and cholesterol.
Olio-Met has also got self-events for all health in your circulatory system.
Your digestive and endocrine system, your skin and bones.
Even your mind, all using the benefits of the best olive oil that money can buy on the face of the earth.
Olio-Met has got products for men and you ladies out there as well.
We've got a few women in the audience, don't we?
No.
5 or 10?
Olio-Met is available all over town because it's so popular now you can pick some up at Walgreens,
Whole Food, Markets, Neurophermacy, and Sedanos.
If you want to get more information about their products, no sweat.
Just call them toll-free and they'll answer your questions.
So, acts away.
Call 1-866-Oliomet.
That's 1-866-O-L-E-O-M-E-D.
Order their products off their website if you like.
Challenge.
Head, Kaplan's key night, sweet nights at 10 on Sports Radio 560.
Q-A-M.
So here's the mad dog's in a building who says it's going to be a great doffin season, what do you say?
Now you're not watching, go over on the other side.
I never had you in here crossover.
Although, how does this damn mic work?
No, he went on the other side of him.
Like over there.
No, no, over here.
Oh, now you can go in there too.
I don't want to get too close.
Did you say go over on the other side?
I was thinking more of Tom Brady than you, but anyway.
You're sounding sexy and raspy today.
Raspy, I have a little head cold.
Is that one of those stogie, nothing more?
No, it's not.
It's an Air Amsterdam Toronto plain cold.
Oh yeah.
They got about a week and a half ago and now it's just at the ass end.
Copa Mundial, baby.
But you're not watching that crap, are you?
Damn, straight ahead.
In fact, I did hear you talking about that.
I'm just.
See, I'm monitoring you up there.
That's one great thing.
I walk into my studio.
I can pop that thing open anytime here in your ripin' me an ass.
Wed wings.
Seven to one favor.
It's just the most lopsided foul.
It's a joke.
In fact, if Carolina had any brains what they would do would just forfeit and get it over with now.
Although most of this morning hockey sucks as I was walking out there with his last thing.
Hockey sucks.
He's never been to a Red Wing game.
No, never been to a Leafs game either.
That would have been a better serve.
And if we wouldn't have been injured and I don't want to make excuses then jelly shimes in with...
Wow, you're not out of the lot of people.
I hate to leave stock with their dirty team.
Hey, listen, you have in order to survive.
That's the only way they got that far is because when you got eight regular's injured,
your best...
Your captain, Sundine, your best defenseman, you're scared to any got eight regular's injured
and you still managed to get through 20 playoff games.
That's a hell of an accomplishment.
I mean the city was really pumped up about it.
I would have liked to have seen that final Toronto.
Those are the good old days.
Toronto and the Wed wings.
So you've just come back in for a couple days just to...
Oh yeah, not in the long run.
I just wanted to start up.
I don't want to get this seat too hot here.
No, I just just for a little while.
Just so I can see what's going on here.
You know, I don't want to lose contact with what's going on.
Nothing's changed.
Nothing's going on.
Same old crap.
But we're well led.
Oh yeah, he was...
Oh yeah, he was...
He was...
He was here this morning with his new $2,000 Brooks Brothers suit.
Tell me about...
Hey, look at those ratings were phenomenal.
And by the way, congratulations.
You know, now there were partners on his 10-to-3 thing.
You must have done spectacular too because this last trend...
Do they even tell you about this or just...
Are they going to wait till we get a bad one? Then they'll tell you.
They'll tell me when it turns back.
Wait, like a 10.
I'm telling you, we're going to stop there turning into your show.
0.3 share in men 18 plus which is phenomenal from 10 to 3.
Number one by about four points and persons 2554, number one men and women,
which is unheard of.
Come on.
So we kicked ass.
How do you explain that?
Talent.
Talent in my team.
Amen.
But my autographed Tommy Brady picked you on the wall there too.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
You go prepare for a show.
Okay, now I'm not going to be back until October the year.
What is it, 14th something like that?
For four months.
So really, just take a look now.
Of course, you know, you know me, what you see is what you get.
But just take good look now and just remember what I looked like.
Not much.
Yo, dog.
Good talk.
Okay, have a good show.
There's Mad Dog Manage, one of a kind.
Oh, and I got to get to this facts now.
George is going to get very upset when he hears this.
Not.
All on the more I look at this facts.
So it's kind of like a, I don't know, it's kind of stupid.
It says to think Greg Reed even thought about canning George
at the urging of some old New York fool is proof to me that guys are jackass.
Now he's not talking about you, Moe.
He's talking about Greg.
He said Greg is stupid.
Moe may be a good sports guest, but you want a real morning show.
Quit pussing around and put George on a morning drive.
Now see now this is getting carried away.
He'll rival Ron and Paul.
George is better than anyone on that station except maybe Neil.
And Greg Reed is too much of an idiot to see it except maybe Neil.
Like I said, this facts is really stupid.
Oh, man.
How much is George's paper?
He's trying to help me.
Here's one from Lewin to Bahamas.
Remember old good old friend Lewin to Bahamas?
You're doing it right now.
He says next time you're in Toronto, check out the doctor's house,
a restaurant slash bar and a place to watch horse racing on screen and place your bet.
Location at Kleinberg up Islington Avenue to major McKinsey Drive.
I have no idea where that is.
I haven't got a clue.
Kleinberg?
I know Howard Kleinberg.
I have no clue that doctor's house.
I hope that's a better tip than the ones that rumors,
relatives give us like that awful steakhouse we had.
Oh, and I'm not going to start knocking restaurants in that town.
I mean, I'm not a permanent resident there.
I'm just a visitor and it's a wonderful city and I love it.
And I just, I have no complaints.
None.
So I'm not going to start knocking any place.
Plus, you know, you ought to look on the domain thing once in a while on our website.
On the whole, on my page, the stats and whatnot.
The domain page that shows you all the different countries.
The number of hits that we get on our website.
Okay.
From all the countries all over the world.
I mean, it shows like US and then it shows American servicemen, which we get a lot.
But the number from Canada is staggering.
You've said that.
Well, ask, call Eric up.
Just to be curious, say, I know this is not assimilating for the audience,
but you know something too bad.
We gave you a pretty good show today and the price was right.
Fuck, because he reset these.
And I don't know whether it was May 1st at the numbers reset or whatever the date was
that these all like reset.
Because I was keeping track of them in like Canada had like 200 and some 1000.
And now it's like, it was when I left Toronto on Friday.
I left Saturday morning, but when I left there and looked at the last time,
it was like 85,000.
It is now 96,339.
This is only Monday afternoon.
I mean, there's been 11,000 people on our way or at least hits on our website from Canada.
So what do you want, what it was before he reset?
No, no, no, no.
I just want to know when he reset it.
So I can, you know, in my mind figure, how the period of time is that we've had a look.
He reset's a couple times a day.
No, no, I don't mean that.
But when he reset it back to like, didn't reset, had it reset back to zero.
Because Canada had like 200 and some 1000.
And now it's 95,000.
He don't know, I guess it's on automatic pilot.
So how's it going, eh?
Anybody would not Canada, man, as far as I'm concerned.
Now the French, that's another story.
We don't want nothing to do with them.
In fact, if the other people were smart, if they weren't so damn polite,
they'd not only let them succeed, they would have urged them to do it.
Probably we'll get lost, you know?
Get rid of them.
So what do you say?
At least a month.
Okay.
Was when he reset.
I would think about May 1st.
So that means we've had almost 100,000 hits from Canada in a month.
That's pretty heavy duty.
One of those numbers there, that Miguel just handed you.
Those are those numbers that Manage hadn't seen.
Oh.
Well, he's a part of that.
Now I don't want to say that he, you know, I want to give him the,
if his head gets any bigger, then they'll start confusing it with your rows.
The last thing we need is two X-dolphin players with gigantic heads.
Anyway, so the guy, and I apologize.
Guys, because this guy is a good fact, you're the one that said screw you,
because he thinks that you didn't really, you probably didn't get the facts.
He just didn't get the facts.
Okay, sir.
I had gotten the facts about Owl after way too much.
Absolutely.
Because naturally George is sucking up, but he gets that free trip in Amsterdam or something.
Anything.
Or gets to use his apartment in New York like Joe did.
I got to use this part.
I must forget about doing this last break.
But anyway, he facts, he facts me this and it says,
Owl Goldstein's new lawyer noted first amendment,
specialised Harold Price, Faringer, told Deborah Dowling that jail guards misplaced,
Goldstein's diabetes and blood sugar medication,
placing the sicklies 66 year old in danger.
It says he didn't save the rest of the article,
but he got out in ten days, lost 11 pounds, etc.
Lost 11 pounds.
Well, not only like 400 to go, it's not bad.
It's, I feel like I'm rambling now.
You know, it's because my ears are plugged up.
We hear you.
I'm a little incoherent.
Hello.
Hello.
You're on.
1252 at 560.
WQM, you heard me talking about the big one.
In fact, I just mentioned Tom Brady only moments ago.
Hey, in four short months, you can have a big one too.
It may not as big as Tommy's, but a big paycheck.
The demand for a certified computer professionals is, through the roof.
Pick up the phone and call our friends at Fastrain, 866 Fastrain,
and don't forget summer classes are forming right now as I speak.
If you call now, you can be certified in your new career before the summer's over.
Fastrain offers Microsoft certified instructors for convenient locations
including the new Kendall campus, job placement assistance day and evening classes,
and for those individuals whose job was affected after 9-11,
Fastrain is an Operation Paycheck Training Provider.
Call Fastrain 866 Fastrain now, or check them out on the web at fastrain.com.
Fastrain can have you certified and ready for that brand new career start and earn some real serious bucks.
It is little as four months.
What do you got to lose except that puny paycheck?
Call Fastrain today and be sure to tell him Old Neal on Todd Direct,
for what he'd call toll free.
1-866.
Philies tomorrow night from the vetting Philadelphia.
Covered begins at 630 on sports radio 560 QAN.
Were you fudge back him?
He sold 45 copies.
Trailer Park was now his day.
Clip hop, you're in pain.
You're tail of the rocking road.
Billy Bob or 11th or third sings the summertime jeans.
I'm going to break my five friends.
I'm going to tell everyone to kiss my eyes.
Billy Bob or 11th or third summer jams featuring hella good hunting.
Running from the police shot to deer out of season.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Got a freezer full of meat.
So let's start the end.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
13 blazing tracks, including the smash single red necky bonics.
Going down to the wall, martin, my Chevy Nover,
Polishing my code beer and they put me over.
All I want is to go puffs and a glass of beer.
Don't know what I did to get my action here.
You'll pick yours up today.
And please pay for it this time.
256 at 560 WDQM, it's almost over.
Here's the facts from Presto.
He says welcome back.
We must do this is America's speaking wish or whatever they if you want to speak.
Well said Preston, please pay any Aussie bit.
Well, sorry, but there no time.
Do we have any time for that?
No.
We'll start tomorrow with some Aussie bit.
Like meet the Osborne's.
I like that one.
Yeah, that's a good one.
Anyway, here's the rest of that story of some of it anyway.
The alcohol steam story, which I'm sure that everybody out there in radio land.
May or may not want to hear.
We got 400 votes even on a poll.
How much do you care about the language problem in South Florida?
A lot.
This is America's speaking was $198.
That's 49.5% almost half of this audience cares a lot.
God damn it.
Damn it.
Enough to avoid Dave County as much as possible.
107 at 26.7% not at all.
43.
I'm bilingual so too bad for the rest of you.
F off.
43.
And there is no language problem still stuck on Yine.
Nine clowns.
Andy Newman writes in New York Times this was back on May 18.
May 18.
It's like two weeks ago.
Just before pornography Al Goldstein was sentenced to 60 days in jail.
This month for harassing his former secretary he delivered a stirring speech in which he claimed the mantle of First Amendment martyr.
Yeah, I think I'm going to choke to that right the end of the show.
Must be the broccoli coming back.
Uh oh.
Oh, I have a feeling it's that flim.
Why do you know something?
Why don't they have a thing of device?
I mean, they can suck out the fat.
They have those things where they those what they call it, light post suction.
Right.
Why don't they have a device that they can put into your like um,
ucus glands in your lungs?
No, the mucus doesn't come is it in your lungs?
Yes, mucus comes from your lungs.
I thought it came from your mucus.
And yes, there is a tube that they can stick down into your lungs like when you have a new mowing.
Right.
So why that?
Why when you have a bad cold?
Why don't they wear the floor something like that on the hospital and they can pump your lungs and they can suck it out to an extent?
I mean, not that I have that much, but it's just an old.
