power
Ulturo
You stand better than your religion.
My religion is better than yours.
Am I the least who wants to retire,
you avoid a lack of fire.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion embodies victory and racial hate.
My religion is better than yours.
I religion is better than your religion.
I religion is better than yours.
But we like about it best.
I find no boys aware of it.
I religion is better than yours.
I religion is better than yours.
I religion is better than yours.
We have no respect for women.
Driver cap to make her live in five.
This is better than yours.
I religion is better than yours.
I religion is better than yours.
Such a bufferoast few girls we weiter breastfeed and adopt.
And those is very worrisome.
I religion is better than yours.
I religion is better than yours.
I religion is better than yours.
We wait any centric jail says
I am fries tail.
I go actually everything is being killed.
My religion is better than your religion.
My religion is better than yours.
We now go on doors to bother you like polar crushes.
You are new. My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We wear ties and ride our bikes and get to Mary lots of wives.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We now go on and use our brains.
We're mindless living, don't parade.
My religion is better than yours.
Anybody see 60 minutes last night?
Oh brother. God help us is right.
But anyway, we'll get into that.
A 13 year old boy was critically wounded this morning
and a shootout shooting outside his school.
According to Prince George's County Emergency Officials in Bowie, Maryland.
There was no media word on whether the shooting was related to the series of
snapwear shootings this week.
The boy was wounded in the chest and abdomen outside Benjamin Tansker Middle School
said Mark Brady of the Fire Department.
The boy's mother took him to a car in Bowie Health Center, a small hospital.
He's suffering from extensive blood loss in his in critical condition.
How do you like that?
I don't know.
What was the father Leo was at it?
Why?
People ready to do a talk?
What was that?
No, I missed it. Clarence is talking to me and I totally missed it.
Hey Clarence, quit being in there, diddling around.
My words are trying to hear the apromo there at the end of the show.
Now they started to acknowledge my father Leo, father Neil, father Roe, a tool.
I wonder if he was related to Alindo Maray.
Placement is down. A 34 year art attempt by Alindo Maray is right down the middle.
The dolphins head to their lead now 26-13.
I sit under that field goal by Alindo Maray.
Now somebody there's got to be wrong, you know what I'm saying?
All those years that Bill Zimper called him Alindo Maray.
And I call him Alindo Maray because I think he's a good Italian boy from South Florida.
Went to school with Joe Castell, another good Italian boy.
And all of a sudden here in Moe yesterday, Alindo Maray.
The only reason I happen to have that is I came in here and they actually had the audio on.
Not only all during the game, but this morning.
That's the first, isn't it? At least in the last couple of months?
Man, pretty exciting.
So I figured I just popped on a cassette and I was lucky enough to get the Moe's rendition of Alindo Maray,
which reminded me of course of that great song by Dean Martin and the medical meduño.
Volare.
Remember that?
Oh yeah.
Volare.
Volare.
Oh, I don't know.
Now maybe I'm wrong. Maybe he's like Portugacy or something or French.
You think Alindo is a fraud?
Oh.
I don't think so.
But somebody's got to be wrong there because the mad dog is calling him Alindo Maray.
And yeah, the dolphins want a game and the Patriots missed the teen bus.
They didn't show up. That's where it goes.
That's where it always goes when they play down there for some reason. They just don't show up.
Clarence speaking of Clarence faxes me.
We will carry game five of the Braves giants in progress after Hurricane Hotline.
That would be nice, Ferris, but of course I don't have any schedule anyway.
You don't?
No.
Where would I get the schedule from?
I thought they faxed it to you all the time.
Yeah.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
This early on a Monday morning and he's in peak form ladies and gentlemen, he's got a great sense of humor.
Well, I don't have one either.
Don't you have a schedule either?
Nope.
Oh, oh.
So Clarence, like I said, you're in there like stepping on most last line there while Georgia is trying to listen.
Oh, we're trying to make this segue.
And you're stepping all over his ass, but he is a very pleased that he finally got that bonus.
He did mention it.
So nice work on that, Clarence, but you got a lot, a lot of other work to get going there.
Okay.
As long as he does the bonus and not the schedule, I could give a crap.
Yeah, you're right.
As long as my check shows up on the 10th, what day is that going to be?
See it Thursday?
As long as the check shows up on Thursday, we don't care about the freaking schedules.
Okay.
Why the hell should I promote the rest of the station?
We got some people who won't.
From 126 votes on the poll over the weekend.
Look at that.
And of course, don't forget the bushmeister is going to be speaking at eight o'clock.
And then it works out carrying it because they didn't request network here at the time,
which basically means that they've all said this.
I ain't going to say that much.
Nothing new, you know?
Same old song of the dance as we tried to morph Osama bin Laden into Sodom Hussein.
Or is it the other way around?
I guess it is making their face job.
Yeah, we're morphing one into the other.
We're cutting off the head and putting it on the end of the snake or something like that.
1226 votes.
Who would you prefer to have as leader of the free world today?
Bill Clinton's 760, 62%.
Oh, how do you like that?
George W. Bush, 228, 18.5%.
Pretty weak.
Tony Blair, 157, 12.8%.
And that very dark professional Ojohn Prabhakatur Al Sharpen, 81, 6.6%.
All we need was one more six in there.
Don't you think he could be the Antichristo?
Either him or that bitch that was on 60 minutes last night.
Oh, I'm going to tell you something.
You Christians out there.
I'm talking about your real fanatical Christians.
Are you good, Board again?
Holy a roller.
Good.
Stay away from all the rest of us.
Okay?
It's like that old lady I keep telling you about.
It gets dragged across the street by the Boy Scout.
Who did the end?
The only problem is he's trying to do his good deed for the day.
She'd a lot across the street.
That's the problem.
They want to make us an offer we can't refuse.
It's Inquisition Part 2.
It's Armageddon Part 1.
Man.
And they don't want to talk about this stuff.
You know, religious insanity because it's too embarrassing.
It's bad for business.
So on the one hand we got the Islamic terrorists.
But on the other hand we got the Christian terrorists.
Who I think over the years over the centuries have killed a lot more than the Muslims.
I don't think it's even a contest.
And this is just another crusade except you're the tool this time.
It's not even a contest.
Spider-Watjiri Falball says there last night that fat face turd burger.
Man.
And then when he's in there about how Moses was a man of peace.
Jesus.
What is he talking about?
Baby butcher.
Oh, speaking of that, what a great segue.
Jude Law toddler 2 eats ecstasy.
How did you know I was going to do that?
What?
This just came over the wire.
Jude Law toddler 8 some ecstasy.
London.
The two-year-old daughter of film stars Jude Law and Sadie Frost was rushed to a London hospital
after she swallowed part of an ecstasy template that a children's party according to media reports.
Well, you know, I don't know if you're going to bring ecstasy to Kiddie's parties.
I guess they're supposed to swallow.
Aren't they?
At our city parties, they have to bring their own.
I see.
Well, maybe she did bring it.
Police said they were called by hospital staff after a toddler spent the night under observation
on a ward after swallowing the drug.
Iris Law had to endure a stomach pump and a brain scan following the incident and exclusive
club in London's West End, Britain's Sun newspaper reported today.
The quick actions of Frost 34 who featured in Bram Stoker's Dracula and God's Ferd Park
prevented Iris from swallowing the entire tablet.
Law, 29, the star of road to tradition and the tale that Mr. Ripley was alerted as he
was filming in the West End newspaper set.
A scholarly art spokesman told the A&P we were called at 4.11pm on Saturday afternoon by
London Hospital regarding a serial female child that was believed to have swallowing half a tablet of ecstasy.
The child had been attending a children's party Saturday where she was believed to have picked up a tablet that had been left on the floor
of the premises on Old Compton Street.
The premises had been used as a bar and nightclub on Friday.
See, so in other words, before you start like pointing fingers at anybody, it had been used as a bar and nightclub
that I had before and a bunch of degenerates, probably the same ones who wear a lot kasha full of degenerates,
they just let some of their drugstash on the floor.
And this little kid reached down there as kids are apt to do things like that.
Hey, this is a pezz.
Pick it up and stuck it in her purse and now she's, but she'll be okay.
Now this guy gets really under my skin.
The shorts are right there from Maryland, the one that they got on the rigana, because he never says anything.
He always comes on the ear to say that he has no information.
It's the best of my knowledge, that is correct.
The mother with the child went up and...
The mother was with the child when it happened.
The mother, now how are you spelling that M-U-B-E-R?
Now seriously, how do you be spelling that M-U-V-V-E-R?
This is the sheriff.
The mother was with the child?
Well, I don't want to get into it.
Okay, here's our poll question for today, since we're having duty on this religion craft again.
And believe me boys and girls, let me say to you again for the 8-billion time,
if you saw that piece last night, you should know it, but the love you just...
You have your mind closed.
Religion is...
Make no mistake about it, okay?
It's the one instrument, the one tool, to excuse intolerance and killing and butchering, etc.
And has been throughout history of mankind.
Religion is for crazy people.
Just like that.
That's exactly what it's all about.
Let's see, Paul says, this week you're right that orphans did play a girls' team.
Very funny, Paul. We'll see what happens when they play in the win-win.
See, this is what the typical dolphins fans, you know, they win a game and write off the bed.
Hey, you know, we're going to the Super Bowl.
We're talking Super Bowl, da-da-da-da-da-da-da, you know, all that crap.
And then if they have a bad game like they did against Kansas City J. Feedler's Sucks,
and the team blows, and it's the same old crap every year,
it's a 16-game season, Paul, okay?
But just like Carlos said, this morning, they're all running around the station erect.
They all got their ones standing straight up, all of a sudden, because they want to go to the end of the game.
Kill that!
Here's our poll question today.
Which of these do you believe in?
Let's see, I got six choices.
Six choices here, Eric. So I hope you're on your game.
Which of these do you believe in?
Heaven and hell. Only heaven. Only hell.
Life after death but no heaven or hell.
Once you're dead, your history.
Or there's only one hell in its South Florida.
How? What's wrong with that?
I think that's my typical, my usual, very colorful poll.
Six choices.
I'd like to give you folks an opportunity to invent, especially about South Florida.
Which of these do you believe in?
Heaven and hell. Only heaven. Only hell.
Life after death but no heaven or hell.
That's one there.
Then I'm making that clear or not.
Yes.
Once you're dead, your history.
Or there's only one hell in its South Florida.
Absolutely correct, sir.
913 at 560 W.C.A.M.
There's only one Chinese buffet you ought to be thinking about going to.
And that's the Emerald Coast man.
It is just unlike any place you've ever seen.
You've seen a lot of buffets, I'm sure.
But this place is just a walking into a sea of phenomenal fresh delicious goodies.
And they've got three locations for you now.
Sunrise, North Miami Beach.
And that newest location in prestigious Pembroke Pines.
Start your mouth watering, eating experience with six different zoos.
Try one or two or all of them if you like.
If you're a real porker.
And then sample dozens of succulent entrees.
Oriental surf and turf on the weekends with the lasking king crab.
And the York strip steak made order at the gourmet center.
That's the sizzling Asian grill featuring teriyaki steak.
Shrimp, chicken, seafood, hand carved prime rib.
The Emerald Coast buffet promotes healthy living cooking all the fine cuisine.
With cholesterol free oils.
No cholesterol at the Emerald Coast.
There were faith features of full salad bar, new sushi bar and fresh shrimp cocktail too.
Out one requirement at Emerald Coast, you must leave room even if you have to bring a crowbar
to stuff in your pants, leave room for dessert.
Because it's a beautiful dessert bar featuring pies and cakes and pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings.
And fresh root, they always even be having a watermelon on the buffet at Emerald Coast.
The perfect ending to an unforgettable meal.
And wait, maybe you want to bring your brownie camera stamp a few pictures too?
At the Emerald Coast, because when you see some of those porkers in there,
you're going to want to take home some memories of them.
Emerald Coast sunrise, Pine Island, 44th Street.
Collins Avenue, just north of 163rd in North Miami Beach.
And at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke Road in Pembroke Pines,
except reservations, take out and live available as well.
Call 954-57238-33.
Now look at this.
They've got, oh yeah, I wish you could see my copy.
They have 954-57238-33.
And then it says that's 954-57238-22.
One of them will work.
For more information.
Just keep going dialing numbers until you get one at works, okay?
This is between your bicycle and your QA.
Oh blows, and son of a bill.
Oh!
All right.
All right.
985-60WQM.
I think what we need is a lot more guns in the US.
That's what we need.
So we can have a lot more guns.
And then we can have a lot more crazy people running around shooting up everybody in their brother.
And of course the interesting part of this, which is very, very disconcerting,
is that here it is on Monday.
When it all starts with the shootings, it's got to be almost a week ago now, isn't it?
Right.
Less to the ones they're something like that.
And they haven't got any more idea right now who's doing all these shootings.
And the one in Virginia is connected, which I'll get to that story eventually,
but I'm good and ready.
And now we got to one of this 13-year-old kid get shot in school today or outside school.
And they haven't got any idea.
Do they have any idea about the interact murder?
No.
Any of these things.
They're a little bit slow on the uptake.
But we got Robert Blake.
We got him in custody.
So 60 minutes last night, before I get to 60 minutes, I'm watching the news.
They had a series of diet, different diets on the news last week in a one each day.
And Friday they were talking about the zone diet.
And they get into this segment all of a sudden I see they're talking about while a little black sack
that they bring every day in Yoddy-Yoddy.
And there's a service here which now, now that I'm leaving here shortly, I find out
that there's a service called in the zone delivery.
And it's the same as balance for life.
And I looked at the menus and it's very similar.
It looks like pretty interesting stuff.
So when I come back here next year, I'm going to do my keep the balance for life thing going.
How do you like that?
I think by next year at this time, I'll be out of wave up 30, 40 pounds.
Yeah, be just like a little like Kate Smith, you know, like a little lump in the chair.
That was a pretty exciting stuff.
In the zone delivery dot com, by the way, if there's anybody who's listening up in this neck of the woods, eh?
So 60 minutes last night, I had this much valleyhood piece which supposedly the centerpiece was Jerry Falwell talking about Muslim being a violent religion.
And Mohammed was a terrorist, etc. and so on.
Well, that was that was one of the nicer things that was said on the right path.
I thought that was pretty mild by comparison because basically what it boiled down,
who is that you got these crazy goyem out there who love Israel and love the Jews, but only as a tool, only as a means to an end.
Like I said before, the show, no, seriously, it's like saying the Romans telling the Christians, oh, be fruitful and multiply.
We need a lot more Christians to keep the lines for you know, to feed the lions.
Keep them happy.
And it's the same thing because they, they got to have those Jews in Israel and the most disgusting thing was that, oh boy, you talk about ugly stereotypes and they're up there and they're doing they got the talus on and they're singing.
And it turns out that these weren't Jews and all these were a bunch of goyem.
Pro, Jew, pro Israel, pro Armageddon goyem crazy people.
Because we have to have the Jews in Israel.
So we got to get everybody else out of there, which I thought that was not that bad of an idea quite frankly, but nevertheless, everybody else has got to get the hell out of there so we can make room for the Jews so that two thirds of them can die when we have Armageddon, when all the planes start flying the bomb start wrapping.
Two thirds of the Jews are going to die and the other third are still going to be around, but the goyem are going to make them an offer.
The rumor on the street is the offer is so good they can't turn it down and offer they can't refuse.
How do you like that?
There you go.
Step in line.
Man, oh man, oh man, oh shepherds and you know they put the piece on there and I guess anybody who's already got an IQ larger than their thumbnail, they can figure out what the message is from this, but the average message is out there.
They don't get it.
They don't understand because they really don't want to go quite that far as to say, hey don't you see here's another example.
Fanatical religious dangerous crazy people is what we're talking about dangerous crazy.
And like I said before I guarantee you throughout history it's not even a contest in terms of who's killed more people.
The Christians are the Muslims.
Not no contest.
No.
Maybe the Muslims are just playing catch up now.
They got a long way to go.
I'll tell you that.
Still way behind.
They're still not even, they're not even in a ballgame.
Just ask Moses he'll tell you.
What does it take?
What does it take to get the message across the course of mainstream media?
Man these are the biggest bunch of suck holes.
They're almost as bad as the Democratic Party.
Separate head Kennedy and one or two others.
They're all like goose stepping into line.
You know because they're all terrified.
We got an election in four weeks and they're all scared.
Crapless.
I guess they're not reading the new polls though.
Public isn't getting sucked in quite so much but we'll get to all of that.
Station airs alleged osomiteep.
The Arab satellite station Al-Jazeera broadcast an audio tape yesterday which a male voice attributed to Osama Yamama bin Laden said.
The youths of God are planning more attacks against the United States.
By God the youths of God are preparing for you things that will fill your hearts with terror and target your economic life line until you stop your oppression and aggression against Muslims.
Said the voice in the audio tape.
It wasn't immediately clear when the tape was made.
The short message was broadcast with the picture bin Laden the background.
I love the way it says it wasn't immediately clear as if we're ever going to have any idea when it was made.
Right.
The man on the tape said his message was addressed to the American people who may urge to understand the message of New York and Washington attacks which came in response to some of your previous crimes.
But those who follow the activities of the band of criminals in the White House.
The Jewish agents who are preparing for an attack on the Muslim world feel that you have not understood anything from the message of the two attacks he said.
So let America increase the pace of this conflict or decrease it and we will respond to that kind he said.
Sure makes you want to go in there and attack Sodom, don't it?
Oh yeah, what's he got to do with this?
You didn't see those pictures we were talking about before where we morphed Osama into Sodom now.
That's right.
We just shaved off the beard and give him a better mustache.
Took that stupid thing off his head.
The reference appeared to be to the U.S. Iraq confrontation many believe will lead the war which could date the tape to recent weeks.
Gutter based Al Jazeera has become known for its broadcast of audio and video tapes about kind of leaders.
Last month that aired excerpts from a video tape in which a voice said it he been lodged as heard naming the leaders of the 19 September 11th hijackers.
Until then, Bin Laden had been heard from since shortly after the U.S. led bombing campaign began in Afghanistan a year ago.
American officials have called the network biased and it's covered to the war on terrorism.
The Israeli Arab conflict and U.S. Middle East policy. Al Jazeera journalists said they strapped to tell all sides of events from the Arab and Muslim point of view.
And they've angered Arab governments as often as they've angered Washington.
In other words, everybody is pissed off and fired up.
And this is from the London observer.
Osama Bin Laden is alive and regularly meeting with Mullah Bolo Omar, the fugitive leader of the Taliban, according to a telephone call intercepted by American spy satellites.
In the conversation recorded less than a month ago, Omar and a senior aid were discussing the American led hunt to track them down.
The two men using a mobile Theraya satellite phone.
Oh, we got one of those, don't we?
We do? No.
spoke about tactics for several minutes. Omar then turned to a third person and was within a few yards of voice analysis has revealed.
After exchanging a few words, Osama said that the chic sends his greetings.
Senior Taliban figures have literally referred to Osama Bin Laden as the chic.
Or is that the chic? Or is it Made?
Voice analysis appears to corroborate the identification of Bin Laden.
It shows he was alive recently at least.
So they senior Afghan intelligence officer.
Some people might like to think he's dead, but that's just wishful thinking.
The revelation comes from a growing speculation that Bin Laden is dead.
And then of course we got the message yesterday, the voice message, after all of this.
He is looked gaunt and unwell in videos released by al-Qaeda appeared unable to use his left arm.
Maybe that's what I got. Maybe I got Osama thing in my left arm.
That could be it.
Other analysts, fearlo, Mark had been bluffing knowing he was being listened to by Americans.
It wasn't speaking to Osama, your mama at all.
But Bin Laden's whereabouts are still unknown.
He's thought to be moving between Pakistan and Afghanistan via the border between the Afghan province of Pakhtia and the Pakistani travel area of Wazirstan.
There were sightings of him in eastern Afghanistan, in March and April.
So he's moving between Pakistan and Afghanistan. He's either dead or alive. And we have no idea.
But other than that, we got our thumb up.
Apparently dropped off there with his mother. His mother was walking or at some point was escorting the child when he was hit in the chest by a bullet to extensive bleeding the mother.
In fact, Joker boy to the hospital.
Now let me ask you this, because we really have no idea whether this is just some nut, which seems to be the American African way.
Some nut with a high-powered rifle or whether this is terrorism, which is starting to speculate.
Yeah.
Now, I say I don't want to get anybody panicky, but just imagine putting your own mind as opposed to like one attack no matter how horrific it may be in what isolated place.
You follow what I'm saying?
Right. You see the scenario that I'm thinking of here in my mind?
I see it.
I'm 26 at 560, your happy station WQAM.
Line and local.
Here's sports radio 560, QAM.
Line and local.
Line and local.
Line and local.
Line and local.
Alright, 931 at 560, WQAM.
Boy, it's a beautiful day here, man.
Sonny 52, quarter in hell, but it's beautiful.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, it was not bad weekend, actually.
It was really not as hot as normal.
How's that?
That's good.
That means they're getting ready for me to come back, because if it's one of those 95, you know, 100% humidity, I'm not going to be there.
Now, did you get this copy?
I just thanks you a copy of.
Oh, there it is, in fact.
Now, take a look at that second-alice line there, where it says, call.
First of all, it's written out with the...
When you write out a phone number, do you ever put periods in it?
That's some people do.
That's a British thing.
That's a European thing.
Are we in Britain or in Europe?
No.
Not at the moment we're not.
But setting that aside, look at the phone number.
And they're close enough together, so it's not the other.
It's not like one of these.
Yeah, they both have a double digit at the end.
That's the only similarity, okay?
33 or 22, or if that does work, try 3844 or 55 or 66 or 77.
Or whatever else you like.
And it's skipping, by the way.
I'm setting this a new copy.
I'm setting this a new copy.
It's skipping you a moron, man.
You'll fit in that cell department like a rubber glove right in your...
Correct.
...as.
Man, what an idiot.
But hey, don't start complaining now because at least he sent you something,
which is more than you get from some of these A-holes down there in that cell department.
Okay, look at that.
The pole is up there.
Which do you believe in?
See, this is going to be tough.
But I don't want to be picking on South Florida, sitting all the way up here.
Although I don't think this is working anyway.
Let me give it a shot.
Okay, is yours working?
I'm voting right now.
And so did I.
Look at that.
There are seven votes.
Seven votes in there already.
Once you did your history three, there's only one hell of South Florida two.
Only believe in heaven and one.
Life, act your death, but not heaven or hell one.
Only hell or heaven and hell don't have any votes yet.
We're working on it.
And then we got some people who haven't lived down there long enough to figure it out.
The bullet used to shoot a Virginia woman matches ammunition used to kill at least four or six victims of a sniper spree in Washington DC in suburban Maryland.
Investigators said over the weekend.
Test conducted by the ATF confirmed that the same weapon was used in five of the random shootings over the past three days in Montgomery County, Maryland.
And in Washington DC tests were still underway to determine the links to the two additional shootings in Maryland.
The round that we collected there is in fact a match to the rounds that were used here in Maryland.
And also in DC said major Howard Smith of the Spots of Any County Virginia Sheriff's Office.
Is that that's far too that they keep putting on there?
I must be.
Howard Smith with two Fs.
The 43 year old Spots of Anywoman was shot in the back in a parking lot of craft store in Frederick, Virginia about 50 miles, 55 miles south of Rockville about 230 in Friday afternoon.
No arrest had been made in these scattered shootings that began last Wednesday authorities were talking to one man late Saturday afternoon, but stressed he was not a suspect and no weapons were found with him.
You notice that's another there's never any suspect either right.
They're talking to this one.
They're talking to that one thought we want to stress he's not a suspect.
I'm lucky.
Of course that person of interest.
In fact, I guess the person they're talking to isn't even a person of interest is I don't think so.
They talked and provide said nah he's not too interesting.
So there you go and then we got to shooting at the school this morning in the same general area might must be the same general area because it's got the same.
I just for sure upon there Smith.
And we still don't know nothing Carlos is finding something not about that about what no that was a false alarm.
About what you've got the latest story never mind.
Hey, I got it right off the A and P man, which is sure sure better than what you get it.
Loblaws and the vecky's IGA.
I got it right at the A and P better than what they got off of the Piggly Wiggly pill of big site.
You better calm down there Carlos.
I know you're like gung ho to get going here, but it's only Monday just on Monday just ease into it.
Okay, don't get too hyper on Monday morning.
Don't be like an eager beaver on Monday morning.
Sorry.
It's part of that game yesterday.
I know you're all whipped up, but it's probably rubs off from all the enthusiasm in the halls there.
We're talking super bold on our way one up ball game.
Yeah, big deal.
And you're still in South Florida.
Okay, there you go.
Give me the Raspberry.
I want a ball game.
Yeah, see I more power to them.
Okay, because I really don't care what we do.
I love the Patriots and all that stuff, but it's a ball game to me.
I don't really give a crap.
My expectation.
Huh?
That's how it should be to most people you would think.
It's a ball game.
It's not like the Maple Leafs.
Okay, that's a different story.
That's 45 years of hysteria.
And the last 35 years of total frustration.
Okay, that's a different story.
It's not like Ron McClain getting knocked off hockey, that and can't.
See, I can't explain it to you.
You'd have had to be here or I would have had to send you all the newspaper articles from all four newspapers all week.
Not just one day, not just a couple of days.
You would have thought that the Jesus had come back.
You would have thought that it was like the beginning and end of all time.
Ron McClain is not coming back and hockey out in Canada.
Is he coming back?
Willikawa.
He is coming back.
And front page of every newspaper every day with pages and pages of stories and articles.
And, you know, which at least for one week it was a nice diversion.
Anyway, it was kind of stupid.
It was a nice diversion from, oh, are we going to go into Iraq?
Well, of course we're going into Iraq.
It's already a done deal.
There's going to be an Iraq attack.
It's a done deal.
It was decided a long time ago.
Okay, and all this, all the stuff that's going on right now is just window dressing and posturing and asking for a free.
You know, it's like a kid asking, hey, hey, mom, can I go out and get laid this weekend?
I mean, you know, no matter what mom says, he's still going to go out there and bang his brains out, right?
Of course.
He's more than like nine or ten.
Oh, speaking of blowing people's brains out, a lot of very nerve-wracking stuff going on.
You know what?
Like what?
Like friend super tanker blowing up off Yemen, your anniversary at the full attack.
And once again, well, we're not really sure.
And maybe it was just a fishing vessel.
And like the one guy said, no fishing vessels go to go into a side of a gigantic super tanker like that.
And wouldn't even make a dent, they said.
Unless, of course, on the fishing vessel was a, a bomba, a bomba grande or several or several, a bomba, a bomba's, how do you say that?
Grande's a boat pack.
Are you starting with that?
Spick stuff again.
I'm going to hit you back with a Linda Maray if you don't watch it.
I'm going to even kick one right up your ass.
Oh, Linda Maray.
Well, what is that?
Huh?
What word he get that from?
I mean, it's one thing that he suggests, but it comes to town.
I always change the names of the players on the team.
Here's Amanda saying, Maray and Bill Zimper said, Maray and I think, uh, Maray?
Huh?
A boat pack with explosives ran badly, hold and said a blaze, a friend super tanker off Yemen.
And by the way, it was a John O'Neill, the late FBI agent who wanted to go back in Yemen and the bitch Barbara Boein said,
Oh, I don't think so.
We don't want you back here, your troublemaker, because he wasn't getting close to getting to the bottom of all the al-Qaeda business going on there, which by the way, they're thriving big time in Yemen.
Lots of al-Qaeda, Hanky, Panky and Cells in Yemen.
A week before the second anniversary of the terrorist attack on the USS Cole, the story of the French embassy says,
Yemen, the authority set up a crisis sale and voiced fears of a major oil slick spreading along the Arabian sea coast.
The oil tanker was ran by a small boat stop with explosives, as it came by an offshore terminal, some 450 miles east of Odin, Vice-Consol, Marcel Gonzalez told AFP.
It seems to be an attack in the same style as the USS Cole, he said of the high-tech destroyer, bombed by suspected al-Qaeda militants in aid in the harbor October 12, 2000.
17 U.S. sailors died 38 were wounded in that attack.
October 7th also marked the first anniversary of the U.S.-led war in Afghanistan on the Taliban, and the al-Qaeda network whose leader Osama Yamama claims Yemen is his ancestral home.
How do you like that, huh? I don't.
A gaping hole was blown into the side of the 330 meter long tanker, that's 1100 feet, named the Limburg, managed by the company, France Shipment, the embassy said.
12 of the 25 men who have been hospitalized with injuries in the eastern port city of Al-Mukhala, the embassy added, Yemeni officials said all hands have been rescued, and they were passing the night in a hotel, like ships passing in the night or something like that.
And the Yemenis, of course, are saying, well, we're not really sure, we don't think so.
It kind of reminds me of Egypt, and then we actually, that Egypt air crash, remember?
Right.
When at the pilot decided it was his turn, that was the first, that was the first suicide error thing, and they didn't want to admit it.
Because, oh, couldn't have been him, he was a wonderful guy, and he never stole a freight train, you know, it's all a bunch of bullcrap.
Instead of like 22 for what it is, we have to have all the miles first, because it weighs heavily on their freaking conscious, assuming they have a conscience.
52 votes on a poll, which of these do you believe in? Now, speaking of your conscience, speaking of, can we emancipate your brain from all of this hateful, sick, sorted stuff called freaking crazy religion?
Can we do it? What do you think? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No
No. Not not have an or he'll it. I should put you companies down there. If os and push
ah that's kind of like for death and death. That's a good catcher. I like it. Yes. That's a good catcher. I know
interests more interest more or something like that we can work elbow in three have an
робly it was a little low.
One or six four three or six.
You're the only one who can win.
Know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
The Bible, if you like the book, you'll love the board game.
Introducing Go To Hell from Milton Bradley.
The board game to test your faith in God while challenging your knowledge of biblical quotes.
Okay, everybody ready?
Alright, first question. The meek, shill, and hair, it's the blend.
Right where?
Male pattern balled it.
The earth, the meek shill and hair at the earth.
Right, you hook a head five spaces.
You other guys, Go To Hell.
Go To Hell.
The exciting game where you win by forming a deep personal relationship with God before the timer runs out.
Okay, on the seventh day God did what?
A golf.
You went to one of those old, you can eat French places.
Ah, me just put it around.
Wrong. All of you, Go To Hell.
It was a good book, but now it's a great game.
Go To Hell.
The biblical board game from Milton Bradley.
Go To Hell.
I'm 45 at 560 WQA.
So I'm assuming if you saw 60 minutes, you also saw the first segment on the Ebrook Bridge houses and all that front.
Oh, yeah.
You know, the fact, the fact of the matter is this, that these people, like from mirror lens, this business well, they paid $100 million and five.
They shouldn't have paid no fines. They should all go to jail, they should have been shut down.
Right.
And as I've been screaming, having been personally ripped off and having known a hell of a lot of other people have been personally ripped off and gouged over the last two or three years for an enormous amount of cash.
This is the biggest fraud ever put over the biggest hopes ever put over on American public.
The people at CNBC, the gambling channel, they should all be in jail for being co-conspirators and putting this fraudulent crap over on the public.
And then it's like, oh, well, what was us? What was, you know, and we're good luck to you.
You know, maybe they'll give some money back, but don't hold your breath.
Yeah, not just in jail, but all their wealth seized.
Sorry.
Yeah, but then of course the lawyers will take that as legal fees, you know.
I know, that's how much ever winds up being left over.
Nothing.
Pala crap, the gambling channel, man, that's what it's all about.
Once upon a time, boys and girls, they used to be called investing.
And now it's a crap shoot underline the crap part.
Yeah, let's put some lipstick on this pig.
And how did you like on that segment that we're like really getting carried away, especially for a network?
Right.
It's f-ing missing.
It's f-ing that.
And then a P-o-s piece of Schmidt, you don't want to say the word.
Yeah, it's a P-o-s.
Like our morning show, it's a P-o-s.
Are you positive about that? Yes, I am.
So they have not found any victims there.
The police are calling that an unfounded report at this point.
You were asking some questions about geography earlier.
I've been studying a map and a lot of the development in that part of Prince George's County is very recent.
But as best we can determine from talking to people here who live in the area,
this Walmart parking lot is a very short distance away from the Benjamin Tasker Middle School.
How do you like that, huh?
And we're supposed to wish that it's got to be one of two things only.
It's either the same assholes, the same lunatics due to the other shootings or it's a copycat.
Good thing we never had that.
No, thank goodness we don't have people that are crazy enough when they see some grotesque horrendous barbaric, unacceptable act being committed.
Thank goodness we don't have no copycat.
You know what I'm saying? No lunatics with weapons, with firearms.
But nevertheless, the kid has been transferred to a trauma center airlifted to a trauma center in your Washington.
And you hope for the best.
Big Arnie is Arnie, I hate to break the news to you, but like the one guy said last night, God help us.
If this is our friends meeting these born-again Christians, Arnie says Israel hasn't made.
They have the Christians helping them now instead of being against them.
And these are the very people who are present and listens to.
Yet since the idiotic vision, these people have ultimately the Jews either dying or converting will never happen, the Jews are sitting pretty.
Wouldn't you like to have fanatical people who could be your enemies turn out to be your friends?
This is the amazing says Arnie.
First time in my life I saw a jury fall on TV, didn't want to throw something at the screen.
Well Arnie, let me say this to you, okay in response to your facts.
Like that.
You know the old expression with friends like these who need enemies?
That's exactly what they were thinking about when they came up with that expression.
With friends who say that two thirds you have to die and then you can, the other third, will believe what we want you to believe, will convert you or else.
And that's terrific. That's just what we need.
Not.
And he actually makes the point himself that our president is listening to these lunatics, these maniacs, which is why we don't have stem cell research anywhere near what it ought to be today.
And why people where I've got all sorts of curable ailments, which is destroying their lives, they're going to have to wait forever or maybe, you know, go and add box in the ground too late.
Because of the impact of these fanatical religious nuts.
See, that's one thing a lot of you perocule people have never traveled around the rest of the world.
You don't understand is that most other countries like here in Canada or almost anywhere I can think of in Europe, other than Northern Ireland.
You know, they're not dominated by religious nuts.
And that's one of the main reasons that life is so much different in those places.
But the US unfortunately for all of its good points has got this fall.
Well, so there's 70 million of us.
Well, if there's 70 million, that's like 25% of the whole population are crazy.
Of course, he just picks that number out of the year, but nevertheless, suppose it's 50 million, suppose it's only 40 million.
That's still 40 million dangerous, dangerous, crazy people who are just chomping at the bit now.
They're just, they're, they're egging a president on.
Oh, let's go in there. Let's, let's start dropping the bombs on Baghdad and let's not stop there.
I noticed BDI Bob Grammier's that he was carrying on.
I mean, he was, he was okay, but he was saying, you know, Iran is much more of a threat against us and even a threat against us and Israel and any of our allies.
Then Iraq, they have far greater range and are capable of nearer missiles.
And there are breeding grounds where Al-Qaeda and have been for a long time.
But never let in. Of course, there's always Syria and there's Libya.
So I guess what we're going to do is we're just going to declare war on all these countries and blow them all off the map.
I said, I guess we better start soon by the weekend.
I would say let's get it done by the weekend, okay?
Because we got some big football games coming up this weekend.
Oh, I should ask by the way, who the Hercune's playing next weekend?
They got another girls team they're playing. My God Almighty.
I would respect if they would play one real team.
Let's see, Hercune's game. Oh, FSU, like I said, they're going to be next weekend.
If they play one real team, it's that all these little girly schools, university of Connecticut, basketball, maybe, football, no way, Jose, okay?
And the final score is the University of Miami 372 and Piper high, nothing.
Wow. That was a little better. Huh?
It was a close game.
What was a close game?
They almost scored Connecticut.
Yeah, they are.
What was the final score? 82 to zip?
Yeah, something like that. Something like that.
Yeah, almost as good as Long Beach State and almost as good as Temple.
Speaking of Temple. So anyway, this magazine, I mean, this is really fortuitous that you fact me to try to spread some of your anti-Zionist propaganda.
Yeah.
No, no, you see here, you actually ship me this copy of Mother Jones, which is a great matter.
Israel does have a left wing that wants peace, you know.
The thin green line, do Israeli soldiers who refuse to serve an occupied territory as advance the cause of peace or hurt it, which is an interesting article, but I can't have no time to waste with that because you know my feeling is that they're all nuts and etc.
But I read the article.
Okay, it's not a question of knowing the facts.
My if you're going to start with a Palestinian crap again, I'm going to shut off the mic.
I'll just sit here and let you ramble on for three hours and nine minutes.
Because people, I don't want to go into it. So you want to get me started again about the suicide bombers.
I don't want to get started. And of course, our good friend, Sodom, he's given $25,000 to a family.
Well, you know, something $25,000 to those sluppers over there because they're not concerned about economic advancement. They're more concerned about becoming martyrs.
Okay.
So 25 grand is a hell of a lot of money. So I don't know how not. You know, he can always make some more babies.
The settlers get subsidized for two from the settlers. Okay. And by the way, that was another thing on it.
That was another thing last night on that piece about they were going into the goddamn illegal settlements there on a West Bank.
And they're encouraging those people raising money for those people.
They're there. It's unbelievable.
But how come nobody wants to scream and honor about the interference of the board again, Christians in what's happening in the Middle East?
And they're desired. Oh, yeah, we got a moot March on to an armageddon. Okay.
They got they grabbing you by the arm and they want to drag you to your death. No thanks.
We'll wait. It'll come soon enough.
So before I interrupt, did you, you were saying?
I was saying that in this magazine in Mother Jones, which the date is October to the current issue.
And this is a couple of weeks ago. You sent me this at least, right?
But anyway, there's a very interesting article in here born again Zionist Christian conservatives are teaming with hardline Jewish groups to transform American policy toward Israel.
And it's exactly what would that piece on 60 minutes was all about last night by Ken Silverstein and Michael Scherer and photographs even by Jeff Murmelspien.
So it sounds like three Jews to me. But anyway, it's pretty long, but I'll save it for later. Maybe in the noon to one hour and take me a long time to read it.
And but I will. That'll be one of my big bedtime stories today. It goes on a great length.
Thanks to top level connections and grassroots activism of Christian evangelical Christians, US policy in the Middle East has never been so closely aligned with Israel as it is under the Bush administration.
How do you like that? I don't. Just like some of the very naive Jews used to say about Nixon.
Oh, well, he's good for Israel. He's good for Israel. We don't care if he's a crook. We don't care if he's just come back. He's good for Israel.
And then of course they heard those tape recordings and found out he was a Berlin anti-Semite. And they said, well, isn't everybody else anyway, but at least he was good for Israel.
My response would be, Kasselhoi, so okay. That was be my response. I know this is a panther tradeout spot in the next break.
Do we still have a hockey team in South Florida? No. Because I never hear about it at all. I never hear one word about it.
You think we will? Not on a morning show. And not now that the dolphins are on their way to the Super Bowl.
I think they're going to run the table as well. I'm thinking 15 and one. We're talking Super Bowl. Come on. Let's forget about what's going on in the world and about people getting shot and stuff like that.
Let's get into more uplifting stuff. There we go. Come on. Let's hear it.
To be continued. I don't have time for the whole thing right now.
So we'll get into that a little bit later on. Reno stands by McBride as he campaigns and date. And you know what they always say? Stand by your man. Isn't that what Janet always saying?
Kenneth Smasmacho, Tammy Wineette, or Janet Reno? The little red truck that Janet Reno wrote across Florida and her quest to challenge Governor Jeb Bush now sports a Bill McBride for Governor Bumper Sticker. You go, boy.
And it was Reno under truck yesterday who provided the on tray for the Democratic nominee is he dashed across Dave County attending services at six black churches. Well, I tell you, six black churches. He's really going to heaven.
In an effort to woo voters who sided with Reno, but whom he needs to turn out in force on his side. If he's to have a chance at defeating Governor Bush on November 5.
I stood before you the summer acting for your help now come back to ask you to back a man who can be a great governor of Florida. Reno who nearly lost the McBride to primary murder voting glitches told Congress had anti-op missionary back to his church in Carroll City.
I mentioned there were a lot of shfarchers in there.
At every church Reno was greeted with cheers and applause and at several churches, she was the one to introduce McBride who sent most of the primary campaign in North and Central Florida strategizing that the Democratic party south of stronghold would in the insupport the nominee.
But many said they're doing so primarily because of Reno's word. We know you're not going to let any of us down. Aussie Connelly, in North Miami Beach, we tell you we said to Reno after services at New Baptist Church because Janet saying it's all right. We'll go with Mr. McBride because Janet said it's okay. We like him.
Her the sentiments weren't lost on the nominee. At every stop he reported is mantra asking the crowd to judge me by my friends.
Unsundered included black legislators Fred Rieker Wilson who's helping to organize his Miami date operations.
Philip Brutus will burnt T. Holloway and Dorothy Ben Ross Mingol. She's my friend McBride said, if you like Janet Reno, you like me because we think alike him were together. She's my friend.
After his congregation we did it with a standing ovation to Reverend Merchard Mark Kessberry of St. Agnes Episcopal Church in Overtown said Mr. McBride, there's no harm in writing to the governorship on the co-tables of a wonderful ladle.
And let's all ride on her co-tails or in a red pickup truck, whichever you prefer.
My life and love this is for trade or by city.
Now it's David.
And Ben knows bitches over the couch. So join ice each week if you fire up this mofo. It's this old his ass. It's on the In the Hood and God channel.
10 o'clock at 5.60 W.W.M. Happy Monday to you. We got the mad dog Jim Maddox who won Hank Goldberg. Hank I'll be a chula this afternoon between 3 and 6.30 with that more 5 to 6.
And then I don't understand this because I had the earlier facts from clearance and we're picking up the game in progress game 5 of the Johnson and Brave series.
The determining game the third and rubber game of that series.
Her cool hotline 6.30 to 8.30. From David Busters and I'm assuming that the anxious.
Terminally boring Joe's again can be on air and then 8.30. We got the Giants brave so I'm assuming that that game must start early on that. What times the game start?
We know it. Well that all depends on what they're playing is in Atlanta. Is it in San Francisco? Does anybody know does anybody care?
Because somebody cares. Mo will be upset if the braves lose. I don't want to give a crack because it's baseball anyway.
Because the note from clearance that we're joining in progress. We're picking it up after her cool hotline in progress.
So in other words her cool hotline because it's sponsored and because it's the hercones and I guess must be contractually obligated.
So important that we can't carry the game from the beginning. Boy it sounds pretty like Bush league to me.
Eddie can't for the baseball game and you'll mark overnight. There's your schedule. Now what is that?
What? I'm looking at the schedule tomorrow. Steve Goldstein and Don Bailey, Jr.
Producers. Yes. Producers. Zach with 14 question marks. Well that's what what's that all about? No, no, no, it's Zach slash question mark.
You see, oh I see. But what is that all about? Is tomorrow some other Jew holiday that we didn't know about?
Because I noticed that Robert also isn't going to be there. All right. I guess it was a Jew holiday. Maybe guilty wouldn't be there because he's learned fast.
He's off on Yum Kipper. He's off on a Jew holiday. Unlike me and Hank aren't going to be hypocrites.
Speaking of Jews, how about Bob Green? How's he doing? You want to know why I asked that question? Why?
Campbell recalls mushroom soup. Now how does that connect with Bob Green or her boss at wait to find out?
Well you're going to know immediately when I tell you. Camden, New Jersey. Campbell soup company is recalling a day's production of cream of mushroom soup after cans were found to contain the England clam chowder,
which could pose a danger to people allergic to shellfish the company said. Don't you remember how allergic he was to his seafood? That's right. Wow.
He would go into like, eh, like within an inch of dead. I mean, and we kept trying to sneak stuff back there,
but the sure will always pick through it first and the food too. If you pour out a can of chowder, you're not going to know that it isn't cream of mushroom.
Well, first of all, when it's Campbell soup and when it's in the can like that, it's all kind of like mung anyway, you know?
All right, but still one is white, one is gray. It is. Cream of mushroom is kind of gray.
Yeah. And chowder is more like white. Well, regardless, if you open up a can of Campbell's is something if we can't trust the Campbell soup people anymore,
those of you dumb enough to eat it and the desperate enough to eat that crap. If you can't trust them, who the hell can you trust the president?
Oh, like I said, I'll prefer Campbell's myself. How about John Campbell?
The company to discover the problem after receiving consumer complaints. It wasn't fair. How many cans were affected, but Campbell said it was a small quantity.
Some people run a risk of severe or life threatening reaction to each selfish. The company said it and received no reports of illness yet.
First of all, I don't think Bob Green will be open up a can of Campbell soup to you. No, progress.
No, no, I don't see him opening up a can any soup. I could be wrong.
The cans label Campbell's condensed cream of mushroom bread, the date August 20 August the 2004 and I'm not going to read these numbers. Should I?
I don't I guess I should August 2004 08292 and CU B8E L followed by four numbers representing military time. What?
Yeah, the candidate base company distributed the cans to retail stores in 13 states and Florida wasn't one of them anyway. Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Texas and Wisconsin.
People about the cans are returned to the stores where they were purchased for a full refund. Consumers with questions were Christ are called Campbell's hotline, which I give that number out, but what's the point since it wasn't?
We shouldn't throw it anyway. Huh? I just mentioned that in passing because we happen to know people who are like definitely allergic to any kind of shellfish, any kind of seafood, including our good post personal former friend Bob Green. Remember him?
Sure. How's it going? Whatever happened? What would happen with that deal that he and Cheryl had cooked up for me? You know?
Well, we never heard any more about 128 votes on our poll today, which of these do you believe in?
I want to play. I'm a believer by the monkeys. What are you saying? You got it? I bet you do have it here somewhere. Wouldn't surprise me.
Once your dad your history 47. There's only one hell in itself, Florida 43. I believe in life after death, but no heaven or hell 23.
How about spending the rest of time in purgatory? You know, just kind of like in doing the limbo rock. Kind of like between a rock in a hard place between a rock in the ran.
Heaven and hell nine. We got nine people out there who believe in heaven and hell. Only heaven five. Those are the optimists and only hell one. And I guess Greg must have kissed his vote.
I don't want to get Greg nervous or anything like that, but the rumor I'm hearing is if you tell a lot of tales in your life, which generally speaking means you're a...
That's when you go to hell. People the more you lie, the greater your chances of burning in hell is what I'm hearing.
So I hope Greg gets some of those fireproof. What do they call it? Best is clothing.
Yep. They're going to have to bury him in a flame retardant suit because otherwise he's going to be burned in for a long time.
Man who just tells tales as a matter of course is a way of doing goodness. But George got his bonus. Finally, thanks to clearance.
Here's one of my favorite stories of the whole weekend. Some good news. Now, well not really good news, but at least something less morbid than all the rest of this crap.
There's a lot of bad crap going on. Speaking of that, the president's going to be speaking eight o'clock tonight. Speaking of Iraq in a hard place. Let's go get them. Let's get the evil doers.
Who was talking about that whole concept of evil doers? Were they talking about that on that segment last night? Yes.
Where the hell did I see that? Yeah. Separating the world in a good and bad, this simplistic approach for nimble minds, man. It's terrifying.
They're the good folks and then they're the enemy, the evil ones. I think the whole world needs a guy named Exorcism. What do you say? Huh?
Okay. Let's get father Marin. I understand he ain't doing too much these days.
Father. I see a couple of all the boys. I'm a captain. Here's the good story. A former Army biowipans researcher who's been investigating connection with last fall's deadly anthrax to taxidies preparing several lawsuits related to his treatment in the inquiry. Good for you, baby. You go, boy.
I have a number of lawsuits in preparation. Rest assured, Dr. Stephen Hatfield said Saturday. I have a number of lawsuits in litigation and preparation extending on many different continents. How do you like that?
Hatfield has not been charged in investigation. Instead, fastly of not having any role in or knowledge of the deadly anthrax malings. Anthrax lace letters were sent to the offices of US senators, Tom Vagel. And the Patrick Lee and the TV network news offices in New York and may have been sent to other places as well. We're still working on it.
Five people, including two postal employees in Washington, died of inhalation anthrax. Hatfield spokesman refused comment on who may be the target made lawsuits or a timeframe for filing them. His attorneys previously have said lawsuits were being considered.
Hatfield had his apartment searched three times as part of the investigation into whom we have the anthrax letters in the fall of 2001. He has bitterly denounced the treatment he says he's gotten from the government and the media in relation to the anthrax inquiry saying he's been the victim of anywendo and gossip.
He and his spokesman have criticized US attorney general John don't call me Hermann Gehring-Ascrock for describing Hatfield as a person of interest in the anthrax probe but not for clarifying what that term means. Authorities have not described Hatfield as a suspect in the investigation.
Nobody said you were suspect you're just a person of interest. It's like Robert Blake. He's not a suspect in Bonnie Lee shooting. He's just a person of interest because he used to be a big star on TV. He used to be.
Hatfield spokesman said it into a conference sponsored by accuracy and media. Oh, those right wing lunatics. A conservative media watchdog group. What's that guy's name read Irvine? I don't know.
What is that? What is that all about? Because it's kind of a family thing. I get from Joe Mars junior and Don Ervine junior and the former government
scientist continues looking for a job. He was fired last month from a position in LSU as we all know where he helped train emergency workers to respond to bio terrorism attacks.
LSU didn't give a reason for the firing. They said they didn't like the way he looked.
Justice Department officials sent an email to the program director in August directing not to use Hatfield on any justice department funded programs.
Hatfield was working on one side program at the time. The email was said right before he was put on administrative leave.
And LSU spokesman has said that University officials only learned the email after the university already decided to terminate him and that the correspondence had nothing to do with that action.
When asked who he believes was responsible for the interaction tax Hatfield said throughout this entire year I tried to sit on the fence.
There were times when I think it could be domestic. There are times when I think it is foreign. I don't know he said I don't have enough information.
I haven't seen the powder. I don't have enough scientific evidence to make any sort of determination. Isn't that what they told them in LSU to take a powder?
Since it wasn't a deep South, you'd expect it would have been a BC powder. Got it at the truck stop.
If you live north of the Carolinas or Tennessee or Kentucky, if you live north of there you can't take a BC powder. You know that?
Depends on where you go.
Really?
Yeah they haven't met the stuckeys from coast to coast.
Oh I wouldn't be surprised right next to the peanut brittle. Oh man. The peanut brittle is good if it's like I got a date out of it in the last few four years.
No seriously they have to check the date on there. The expiration date. I wonder if it's like on the crossblade models.
Because if it says like expired 1942 you know it's probably not a good idea to be like a chomping on it unless you want to file a good lawsuit.
As you watch your teeth like splinter and like chumps.
I wonder if what's your name if they had too good bitch. She probably spent a lot of time she was in Texas and all over the deep South Tennessee.
She probably spent a lot of time in stuckeys.
And maybe in shoneys with what's her name? What was that broad's name up there in Georgia?
Can't remember her name.
No bad misunderstood very nice lady up there who lived in a trailer park somewhere in Georgia and over her those three schmata heads that were on their way up to making all kinds of wild statements to try to provoke her and they didn't.
Guess what? Too bad for them. That's what happens man.
Payback is a bitch. Now here we got a different broad owner. She might know something but I don't.
There is a decision pending as to evening activities and we've.
That as soon as possible. They're talking about whether they're going to put a curfew on there in that the area of Merlin where these shootings are going on.
Which could be just a little bit disconcerting I would imagine.
157 votes on the pool they're pouring in now all the believers out there in radio land.
Let's get all those good born again Christians all those Barbissa Nagoya mine there too while you're at it.
They're too busy sent a money to Israel. They're too busy dancing the horror and get ready to celebrate the Hanukkah.
Once you did your history 55 said that which obviously let's go step on that cockroach again.
Okay. It's always a good idea or swap that skater get it.
Especially now with what's going around with West now and everything else get that skater maybe.
You think there's a skater heaven?
Yeah it's here.
Yes skater heaven and I wonder fellow the ghosties competing for the blood up there.
You think so? They probably have to have a severed blood bank.
Maybe that's where they take the blood of those of us that they won't take the blood from on earth.
Maybe they take it up here.
Although I guess we're not going there.
Once you did your history 55 there's only one hell.
That's changing again.
57 like I said there's only one hell that's in South Florida 53.
Life after death but no heaven or hell 25 25 of the wishful thinkers out there who don't understand that once you're brain in your heart dies.
Once your brain is dead there's no you anymore.
Okay there's no you.
Only hell 18 heaven and hell 11 and only heaven five.
Oh see only hell is the crank vote now 18.
You notice that?
Yeah.
See we can spot you phonies out there a billion miles away from here all the way to Hades baby.
We can spot you idiots out there.
You Oja Prabhakatur goi am you from here to Hades.
That's not so far.
From here to Hades or from here to Laura public at even a comma.
Which thank you for giving me a chance to say that again.
1013 at 560 WQ way.
Let me say this again.
In Macri shopping is a total waste of time the old fashioned way the new thing away is just one simple phone calls is easy is that just pick up the thing in color.
But Pisons are palliate dollar Macrius 1 800 Macrius.
They give you so much more than just great service.
They give you a choice of the top mattresses in the world exactly the kind that you like to sleep on extra firm extra soft extra mile extra whatever.
They got King Coral and Simmons see Lee Serta and of course they got a delivery deal at a second and on.
You pick the day of the week any day seven days like on a weekend for example like maybe on a Sunday or God forbid on a Sunday when you're going to a football game like I said maybe on Wednesday when you're not doing anything else.
Whenever it's convenient for you any to our window like 10 to noon 11 to 1 noon to 2 113 to 313 etc.
And because they got every day low prices you don't have to sit around waiting for some special phone e-sale.
No phone e-sales just on beatable every day prices and a 30 day in home cupboard guarantee the test out the Macrius the intelligent way by doing your thing on it.
So pick up that phone and call them right now they can be there before the end of the day you can be sleeping with a big smile on your post as soon as tonight call 1-800-MACRIS.
That's what I always do 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S or check them out in that wicked worldwide web if you like at MacRIS.com.
Buy their local. This is 560.
You will use all your money.
You will.
And beat that data meat.
Are you a loser with no money?
No friends? And most importantly no personality?
Yeah.
Then maybe it's time you start shopping at the dollar image.
At the dollar image we know you're such a loser that nothing you buy is really going to change that.
So all our products are simple just like you see this pen?
It writes. We think wow.
And this watch? This watch? Tells time. That's all. It's just tell time.
Me too.
We also have radios that produce sound headphones that fit on your head and keychains that hold keys.
So if you are a dull loser who can't afford the sharper image, come into the dollar image today.
The dollar image. Because image is everything that you'll never have.
Can 18 at 560 WQM. I keep singing at sound of myself over and over again.
All this morning. Volade. Volade.
See the reason they called it Volare is because otherwise it wouldn't, you know, wouldn't have had the same sound to it.
Yeah. Right. Right. Volade. See how it just, it's, but if you say Volade, which would be the correct pronunciation in the Mohawar show.
Volare is for, oh, and also George saw the Hannibal movie read the dragon and said it was pretty good.
Just fine, but not great. Not great. Good. Not great. I'm shocked. I can't believe that you didn't wait for the bootleg version.
You must have been really antsy to see it. I didn't want to drive.
You want to drive the game? I mean, you mean you got a guy that provides you bootleg copies of tapes and doesn't bring them to you?
Sometimes he does. He was busy this week. Big shot guy like you has got a guy that's a provider of bootleg videos and doesn't bring him to you.
Sometimes like I said, boy, I bet your Moses don't make you to go out of his house to pick up that stuff.
What's up with that thing? I bet your Steve M. don't make you go to his house. Oh, that's right. He does make you go to his house and they be close to his house.
Maybe you might want to bond with Todd Drekken, PD Lenny at his house, huh? Why you're picking the seeds out.
Speaking of that, what a great segue. Lawyers for Noel Bush asked to close drug court hearings.
Noel Bush's attorneys have asked the judge to bar the public from court hearings on their client's drug treatment, saying media attention violates or write the privacy court record records.
Peter Antonati, one of the three lawyers representing Governor Bush's only daughter, said that the judges ruling this week that drug treatment workers do not have to testify about a piece of crack cocaine allegedly found in her shoe.
This harsh glare of public scrutiny is the exact evil that both Congress and the Florida legislature sought to remedy by enacting broad confidentiality provisions to protect substance abuse patients Antonati said in court documents filed Friday.
Circuit judge Ronald Whitehead is supervising the county's drug court, may decide to schedule a hearing next week on Antonati's motion.
Court spokeswoman Karen Levy told the Orlando Sutton Law on Saturday, Noel Bush is said to appear this week before Whitehead.
He'll decide whether to keep pushing the diversion drug treatment program or send her to criminal court to face charges from a February rest.
Bush was arrested for allegedly buying an anti-anxiety drug with a fraudulent prescription to tell as he pharmacy Zanax.
Is that correct? Yes. Zanax, if she would have had Moses' home addressed, she could have gone over there and got it instead.
Okay, but instead she goes and phoneies up a prescription like a real rocket scientist because she's hooked.
She's hooked on it.
Bush threatens veto of defense bill.
Allarmed by the cost of expanding military entitlement programs, President Bush has threatened the veto.
The $355 billion authorization bill for New Physical Year of House and Senate Conferries do not eliminate new pension benefits for disabled military retirees that could cost from 18.5 billion to 58 billion over the next decade.
Allarmed by the way, speaking of movies, the worst movie in the history of the human race bar none.
You know what I've told you about that driving channel? Yes. There was a very funny movie which I can't think of the name of it a real wacko satire slap happy about this trailer park trash couple.
I wish I should have written it down and there were like drop-ins, a more instant M was in it.
Some really foul and vulgar study was hysterical. It was a panic. But the worst movie ever.
There is not even a close second. It's called the teacher.
Okay. I don't know if I've seen it. You know if you saw it and you know who's in it. I give up.
J North. All right.
Number Dean is the penis. J North could be the worst actor in the history of the human race. Now you think that anybody who is a child, a very scrawny and grotesque and ugly and pasty and worst acting J North.
In fact, if you look it up on the web, look up the movie the teacher. There's one review of it on there by some reader.
You know some and just rips it and asks the likes of what you've never seen. I thought I was I was high five in my monitor.
I put my hand right on the monitor just like a good the born again Christian.
Because it's a seriously the acting was so bad and you had the feeling that there was no script that they were just kind of making it up as they went along.
You heard of B movies. This was this wasn't even a Z. There isn't a letter in the alphabet that would describe how bad this movie is.
The teacher with Jane or my god. Were there any naked breasts in this movie? No. Only his.
Oh, tasty nasty ugly scrawny grotesque worst acting job in history. Make sure you wish that Mr Wilson would have done him once and for all. You know what?
Come on Mr Wilson. You can get him. Hey Mr. Wilson. There you go.
I see that that's a bad segue into this next story. But let me read the full result or do something. Huh? No, we need to know what the story is.
Man in Canada be questioned in Jennifer shortcase authorities are traveling thousands of miles to the Canadian Northwest territories to question the US man about the shooting deaths of nine year old Jennifer short and her parents.
The Rockingham County Sheriff said this weekend. Sheriff Sam paid said the 66 year old man was being held by the Royal Canadian mounted police for alleged immigration violations is among several people police want to interview.
But of course no one including him has been named as a suspect in the case goes in the there never are any suspects. Right. Only persons of interest.
Pade said late Friday was possible at the man being held as grabbed as an outdoorsman could be deported to the US. He was an outdoorsman. I wonder if he drank water from a creek. Probably he'll be having anthrax in no time.
We'll go anywhere we've got to to interview any witness in this case. Pade said we feel we need to talk to him. He may be having some information that may be beneficial. Jennifer vanished August 15. The same day her parents were found dead in their best of Virginia home.
On Friday police confirmed that DNA testing showed that a partial skull on bones recently found in Rockingham County North Carolina belong to the girl.
Pade said Jennifer like her parents died from a bullet wound. Authorities began looking for the man after a search of his mobile home in Rockingham County turned up a map on which the community around the short home was marked.
The mounted police force in Inuvik Northwest territories said it arrested the West citizens off by North Carolina Virginia authorities whom they did not name on Thursday. Police said he was taken into custody at the request of the citizens and immigration Canada.
A in a statement the RCMP said the man was transported from Inuvik to Yellowknife. Oh, you don't want to go to Yellowknife because after Yellowknife its medicine had and after that they sent you to a red deer and moose jaw.
For further questioning by immigration and law enforcement officials what do you know about moose jaw mister? I saw it on a map. You don't even know Bobby Moose.
The Northwest territories are one of three Canadian territories which has substantial autonomy from the federal government. So how do you like that? But anyway they've moved his ass over to Yellowknife. In fact maybe if we're lucky they'll give him the old Yellowknife.
You know what? You save a lot of taxpayer dollars, save a lot of schlepping them back here. Speaking of sick.
A radio station suspended to this jockey who called Daryl Carl's widow and on the year prank and asked if she had a date to Thursday's playoff camera. Are you familiar with this story? No that sounds really nauseating.
Oh, the incident and rage cartels manager Tony LaRusen prompted apologies from the radio station in the Arizona Diamondbacks. KUPD FM cupid this jockey bowed to ran was suspended Friday for at least a week.
So Chuck R. T. Mark a manager for the Sandustin group which owns the station. I guess that's Artigew. Artigew announced the suspension of the Arizona Republican Phoenix TV stations. But of course didn't repeat.
A phone return repeated phone message from the AP on Friday. His mom. Flynn Carl hung up the phone after the rank called her Phoenix hotel room. Her husband is starting picture for the colonels was found dead in his bed at the team's hotel in Chicago June 22.
And autopsy showed a 33 year old picture died from block coronary arteries. The station's website carried an apology Friday headlined in response to our misjudgment. It said the prank was not intended to be hurtful or malicious in any way. We are truly amazed is how this turned into a media circus. And we regret that turmoil caused the people all over the country. It said the AP was unable to locate the ran on Friday.
How do you like that? Sick really really sick as desperate morons on a radio continue doing more and more desperate crap to try desperately to get an audience. You know what the word is here desperate. That's the word. That's not even funny like. No. Sick really sick. No sex in a church was amusing. That's what I'm saying. It was a hoot. But calling up some widow and saying you have a date for the game etc and so on is just about as sick as it gets. They had like they had a turn feather this guy in public.
He ought to be drawn in court in the middle of a word hell I was. In fact I got a better idea. Take his ass up the yellow knife.
Okay sounds good to me maybe you can do some shows in yellow knife and a calewood and in you Vic. Piece of crap. Turned burger.
Here's the parents coming to that school to take their kids home out of the school in Bowie, Maryland.
I don't want to start getting all melodramatic about it but it's getting to be a little bit much you know what I'm saying.
It's a six sick world and if you saw 60 minutes last night you'll see a good part of the reason why and of course don't be tell me while people don't go around shooting people because religious fanaticism right just ask some of those abortion doctors.
Oh that's what I forgot to can't answer your questions because they're dead. Ask some of those plant parenthood workers who also can't answer your questions because they're dead.
10.5 and then that brought on your last night well you know you talk or being he deserved to get assassinated because it was God's will because he should never assign the Oslo accord in the first place and blah blah blah blah.
That's what he gets for wanting peace for brother.
Brother keep them Christians away from you. Okay believe you if you see somebody says I'm a Christian run like a son of a bitch. Okay.
Run and call the police. Call the non Christian police.
Hey let me tell you something that is good for they can pop right in your person feel good about it. It's called olio med.
Olio med is a little capsule like I said you just pop it in your mouth it contains all kinds of good stuff in there.
Pharmaceutical rate olive oil combined with vitamins minerals and rubles and there's a separate concoction to help different parts of your health.
They have one product that's specifically designed to help your heart. One is help to control your blood pressure one for your cholesterol one for your prostate.
There's one for your circulatory system your digestive end of the system your skin your bones even your mind and all of them use the benefits like I said of the finest olive oil that you'll find anywhere is an olio med got products for men and ladies as well.
Tell that skipby by the way when he comes in he's a real major asshole.
Olio med is an exciting new product that's up thousands of people in the South Florida if you want to pick some up do it right now.
Hop in the car and head over to Whole Food Markets or Walgreens or Salinas in a viral pharmacy or make a pit stop at each if you like.
For more information call the tool free number one eight six six olio med that's one eight six six olio med which you can also order online if you like it.
Olio med America dot com.
They were getting too close to the towel headed by these out of Texas all up on the Jewish day.
We're talking about pushing the salty by the gun.
Push the salty by the gun.
Push the salty by the gun.
Push the salty by the gun.
If they don't insist this one for three times three thousand lives will never be avenged.
Push the plane watch the movie.
I'm so glad to see you.
What the fuck?
Push the salty by the gun.
Push the salty by the gun.
Push the salty by the gun.
Push the salty by the gun.
Push the salty by the gun.
Push the salty by the gun.
Push the salty by the gun.
Push the salty by the gun.
Push the salty by the gun.
Push the salty by the gun.
1033 at 560 WQM.
Carlos calm down.
Give him a couple of doggy downers will you please.
Give him something to track control him.
He's out of control during the break.
I don't know if you're watching this but I'll see you in there's another teenager with shot and Maryland.
They got enough enough people getting shot up there already without you're creating any Carlos.
It's the same one.
Oops.
You okay?
You're gonna be all right.
It's only one ball game.
Okay, it's just a football game.
All right?
Calm down.
Pull right here.
Station.
You gotta understand folks.
It's a sports station.
Okay?
We don't give a crap about terrorist attacks and about people getting shot and grotesque horrendous things going on.
We're worried about important things like ball games.
How loud you're talking.
We got our priorities straight.
Don't mess with us baby.
Or I'll go to Greg Reed if you start messing with me.
I'll go to the freaking water Nazi and Greg Reed.
How do you like that?
I'll get George's bonus taken away just out of spite.
How do you like them apples?
I'll have it deducted from his 18 paychecks.
So do they bring you a new contract?
Enter what?
What are you laughing about?
I had that call on Friday from muff who was called to take my temperature.
I said, don't stick it in there baby.
You can call it to take my temperature out by way of Greg.
So that's stuff should have already been taken care of.
They should have already had sat down with Norman, had their meat, and ironed that out and got you all set there now.
But of course, you know the way they lie there, lying is our mental name.
Here's the fact that it's from Rick.
He says if the Republicans make control of the House and begin control of the Senate in November elections, squeeze your wallet tight.
They'll be after your money unless you're one of the big right-wing contributors.
Son of them will no longer be a big problem.
You know, inspection teams will be okay for now.
Oh, I see.
This is all unconnected until the next election.
All the CEO quirks there, I'm trying to get bogged down on the courts eventually be forgotten.
Have you seen FSU coach Bobby Bowen since he had his facelift?
I have to admit he looks better now.
No, I haven't checked him out, Rick.
I haven't seen Bobby Bowen, okay?
This another girl school is what that program is degenerated into.
If they can't keep up the level of the semi-prostatus of the Huracun's, they can't compete.
That's what's going to happen this Saturday, man.
I hate to even think of what the final score of that game is going to be.
Bobby freaking bowed, all right?
He's got another girls team up there now, just like the Gators.
Who did the Gators lose to Vassar over the weekend?
I think it was.
Hold me.
I think they lost to Yashiva this weekend.
Might as well have been.
That's right.
That's what you got because you of him.
The Huracun's, man.
They go out there and they send up all those semi-prost guys, those big fartsers.
They don't mess around.
Now, how come they're sending me more of this Cheryl Seal stuff that I already read this article?
You know, why are you faxing me?
This I already read this on the air.
You were lunatic.
What?
It's at part three.
No, I already had this.
Okay.
I already did this about John O'Neill.
This one said that and Luca Bratzie said this.
I already had this, man.
I think you and Carlos must have had a visit from the Steve M from New Haven.
Who do you wish?
Yeah, I thought I think we're not getting food delivered anymore.
I think we're getting drugs delivered.
With all the hints we've been dropping on the air.
Yeah, that's true.
So it's just the same shooting in Prince George's County, Maryland.
Okay, don't let Carlos get you people hysterical out there.
Okay, it's tragic enough as it is, but he's trying to compound it now.
You've heard a compound interest.
He's got compound shootings going on.
Just calm down.
I guess they're not checking these polls out though because we have a new poll.
A solid majority of Americans believe President Bush would give you when weapons and specters time to whack.
And should wait for support from allies before invading Iraq.
A new poll says before an Iraq attack.
The CBS New York Times pulled out yesterday also found a large and growing number of people.
One Bush will get congressional approval before going to war.
With many saying Congress has not asked enough questions about Bush's policy toward Iraq.
The poll comes as Bush prepares to address questions about potential war in the prime time speech tonight.
Congress is preparing to vote an authorizing force in Iraq later this week.
And Bush hopes to persuade Americans as well as skeptical world leaders that now is the time to confront Saddam Hussein.
Now right before the election, the poll suggests Americans want to move slowly.
By a two to one margin, they said they would prefer to see you and weapons and specters have more time to do their work before military action is taken.
By a two to one margin.
A majority 56 percent said that one country should not be able to attack another country unless it's attacked first when people ask the same question specifically about the US.
They were evenly split.
Fiddy Fiddy.
Two third said they approve of military action move Saddam Hussein is later a Iraq but a large majority 70 percent want the Bush administration to get approval from Congress.
Don't have to worry about that.
Those weak need Democrats may they got spaghetti legs.
65 percent think it would be better to wait for allies before acting against Iraq and 51 percent think that Congress is not asking enough questions about Iraq policy while one in five said it's asking too many last month 44 percent said Congress was not asking enough questions out 51.
The poll is 660 that else was taken Thursday to Saturday among the polls other finding some of these are fairly interesting by the way.
Usually these polls are boring.
Let me give an example of boring pool.
Okay.
Wait wait to hear this MSNBC yesterday on their website their poll question was and they were promoting it on the year.
Do you think Osama bin Laden still alive yes or no?
I mean is that an intelligent for an organization that's supposed to be a news organization they wonder why they got fractions and nobody wants to watch them.
And even took that sparser off the air by the way they got him off the real quick that Alan keys.
They said Alan keys is thinking out loud once he quit thinking after about two shows that was the end of that.
Wasn't that the name of it something like that.
No more Alan keys won't see him no more.
No.
Among the polls other findings despite concerns about the possible war seven in ten would prefer to hear political candidates talk about the economy over war with Iraq seven out of ten.
Want to hear about the economy as opposed to Iraq more than a third thing economy will get worse if the west attacks are rack and half think military action against Iraq would increase the risk of terrorist attacks.
Six and ten said it over the rack is likely lead away wider war involving other countries in the Middle East six out of ten more than half.
Listen to this one Georgie I don't mean you I mean him.
Okay.
More than half 57% said they would base their vote for a candidate on economic policy before foreign policy for in ten forty one percent that they prove president Bush's handling of the economy while forty six percent this approve his overall job approval was 63% which is still pretty amazingly good but not what it was.
More than half said they consider the economy fairly bad forty two percent said that very bad fourteen percent so fifty six percent said it's fairly bad or very bad.
Or as Mickey Mouse would say terrible almost two thirds said Bush should be spending more time on the economy while third said he's spending as much time as he can almost two thirds said the president should be spending more time on the economy as opposed to like as they call it in the U.S. lobby a saber rattling.
This is for twenty five.
You are.
A lot like hot little boy hello I'm Danber German of the Clinton which on to waste to be mean committed here to tell you about Christian railway.
The final solution to your travel needs as far to the new compassionate conserve the disease your yellow star will now earn you up to five thousand travel miles on Christian railways triandles and out of your two thousand miles and fifty miles per pink.
A lifetime airline gold pass will be awarded to any national reviews and scrapper who assassinate Chelsea to keep her from reading more.
When you have a board are plushly appointed freight cars while you get free water Christian railways say Republicans don't hate.
We hate hate hate.
Excuse me.
I'm going to hold my hand over this burden.
Ten forty four five sixty WQ and you know that Cheryl seal piece I did read that on the other thing in fact that was the one I read.
Okay.
And you want to know how I know because the last line says history will be kind of John O'Neill it will not be kind of George W.
Does that sound familiar sure does that's how we're done that one already read that bedtime story okay we don't have time for long bedtime stories that we already had once before and I'll tell you one thing this thing from other Jones that's going to take a long time to read that.
Board again Zionist but since at least ten people in this audience saw 60 minutes last night and at least another ten beside that are pissed off and part of about these crazy board again Christians.
I want you to look do a little detective work we can't say it on here but you know that spot we just crossed out on last break.
Yeah.
Do we find a reason for that I don't know but I think if you do some detective work it might be very interesting okay I could be wrong about that maybe I'm a little bit paranoid but since we had a new piece of copy and you just we scrapped that up I don't think so there could be only one or two reasons which I want mention on the year.
Join the overnight boys.
Joe and Mark tonight nine or 11 of gaspies and Kendall stop by to win prizes and you're crown world specials it's Monday night football at gaspies and candle go there get plow.
Make sure somebody else drives you home given the keys.
Go there get plow because the promises to be really crappy game okay so over there and bug those guys a lot ask them a lot of questions about Mo and about Orlando Marais.
Volade Volade okay you can't sing it that way you know it just interrupts then fit in with the music.
Can you do that?
No no I would you.
Volade Volade it's just it don't work for me I don't know maybe I'm wrong.
Marine Dow's got another how's the pool coming 258 votes only hell you notice that's the crank vote now at least 40 funny votes.
Which of these do you believe in once you're dead your history 88 there's only one hell it's out Florida 70 good point only hell 43 that's the crank mostly cranked life after death but no heaven and hell 29 heaven and hell 21 and only heaven seven.
How about 7 11 and heaven huh and she was having to be in 7 11 especially when you got a big golf.
See one my favorite set of ones you can take a bath in.
The sodas you can take almost like a put in your bathtub and fill it up the big the big big golf supersize it baby supersizing Marine Dow what's the word she uses today and I rap scale and I do know I know that word but she's got somewhere while you to it and then we'll like together it lament because I know you're not going to know it either.
Anyway she says there was a time in Washington when the word rapture was used to refer to rap scion senators chasing exotic dancers are president enjoying a pizza with an intern.
But now when you hear the word rapture whispered in political circles it refers to the biblical vision of a terrible final war in Jerusalem between the forces of light and darkness and the consequent ascension of saved Christians snatched up to heaven from their cars computer terminals and food courts.
A mere two months ago democratic leaders were rapturous about their future thinking that here it is L O U C H E.
Lausch nope see it's a French thing again thinking that CEOs and crappy CEOs crooks and a logi economy would combine to give them back the house and strengthen their control of the Senate as they headed into 2004.
Now with the White House the success in changing the subject to Iraq Democrats the future in the wilderness they fear that president Bush awaited some Jewish voters during his campaign when he brought Jesus into the debate but please many after he won with his unquestioning support of Israel may be able to use a victory over Sodom to fulfill one of the Republicans fondest dreams a realignment of Jewish voters from liberalism to conservatism.
Such a revolution will build upon the alliance that began in the Reagan era between conservative Jews and evangelical Christians.
These days the partnership is benefiting from the sense of a mutual enemy Islam the Reverend Jerry Falwell who said Islam teaches hate went further on 60 minutes last night when he asserted I think Mohammed was a terrorist.
Evangelicals firmly support Israel for theological reasons of their own based on a literal reading of the book of Revelation that entwines the Jewish Commonwealth with the apocalypse and second coming.
As Mr. Falwell instructs you and I know there's not going to be any real peace in the middle of Jerusalem.
Well if he sits on the throne you think the media will be in there with their mini cans?
I'm sure.
Desperate Democratic senators and despondent liberals muddled that Jews are being snuckered you think the first coming of Christ was bad for the Jews just wait.
When the rapture comes they grounds the holy alliance between Christians and Jews will suddenly become unholy with Christians levitating and Jews left behind to deal with the antichrist plagues, sores, boils, frogs, the endless indication of everybody loves Raymond and locust from the bottomless pit each with a human face horses body scorpions tail and a sting that permits for five months.
This is a grim comedy of mutual condescension said says Leon Weisseltir the Jewish scholar and literary editor of the New Republic the evangelical Christians condescended Jews by offering their support before they convert or kill them and a conservative Jews condescended Christians by accepting their support while believing that their eschatology is nonsense.
This is a fine example of the political exploitation of religion.
On 60 minutes Mr. Fellwell boasted Bob Simon it's by belief that the Bible built in America's israel's only safety belt right now.
Mr. Simon reports that Zion's Christians soldiers say there are bigger sources of support for Israel than American Jews in ocean Mr. Weisseltir calls in suiting to the American Jewish community.
The Christian coalition is holding a Christian solidarity with Israel rally on the mulled Friday speakers will include Mr. Fellwell, Pat Robertson, Tom Delay, Jesse Helms, Oliver North and the one-time Gary Hart companion in a monkey business, Donna Weiss Hughes.
He was I guess they couldn't get Jessica Han. In addition to Don and Christian's spirit to warmer against Israel's enemies says the coalition's president Roberta Combs, she must have been that brother was on last night.
Participants will pray for a reformer, hernation sold by casting aside abortion, pornography, drugs and other manifestations of world decline.
Influential Jewish conservatives inside and outside the administration have been fiercened supporting a war on Sodom thinking it could help Israel by scrambling the Middle East map and encouraging democracy, but the Democrats are terrified that a resounding bush war victory will unleash frogs in 2002, boils in 2004 and political armor get in.
What profit in which desert would have ever dreamed that the forehorsement of the apocalypse would turn out to be Trent lot, Tom Delay, Denny Hashtard and Don Nichols.
Right from weaned out in today's in yesterday's New York Times.
Oh brother, save us from religious crazy people. That's all I can tell you. That's pathetic.
One and a half million march against the attack on Iraq, anti-war rallies, changed Italy on Iraq, question mark rights, Eric J. Lyman.
This is on a really good the website common dreams, a new center. Yes.
More than one and a half million Italians took to the streets of dozens of Italian city Saturday afternoon and evening to protest possible US military action against Iraq, a surprise show of discord that could be fervent enough for the Italian government to rethink its supporter Washington.
The larger than expected protestor placed without violence despite speculation from some fronts that the gatherings could become dangerous, especially the US citizens.
On Friday, the US Embassy in Rome circulated a warning to citizens residing, intervisiting Italy to stay away from the demonstrations because of fears that they could become targets for violence.
But even though the protests were peaceful, demonstrators made it clear that they opposed US action against Baghdad, the stance is significant because up to this point, Roman London had been President Bush's strongest allies in Europe.
Most European leaders, most vocally, Francis Jacques Sherrock and Gerhard Schotter of Germany, have called on diplomatic means to diffuse tensions between the US and Iraq.
For several weeks, the Italians have been saying that they were opposed to action against Iraq, but this is the first time they put those words into action.
Maria Rossi, co-director of the polling firm Opinioni, told U.P.I.
Olmichinos or Orlando, the site of the thousands of Italians on the streets protesting against the potential war in Iraq has to be a sobering site for government officials who need public support for other issues.
Government officials were not available for coming, and understands that the US and Iraq relations Saturday, but local TV's do the same conclusion as Rossi.
If the government can ignore this, it can ignore anything, said one on the scene, journalists for on the network, La Seve de Milan, La Sette, on this day, the Italian people have spoken, they say they are against support for the American position.
Opinioni, pull support that view with a weak old survey from Opinioni showing that more than two out of every three Italians opposed any kind of armed conflict over Iraq and nearly four out of five Italians opposed to a Italian participation in such action and less of a part of a UN-sponsored force.
How do you like that, huh? As they say in most languages, no, that's what they say.
Olinda Marei, it's just, no, ring with me, you know what I'm saying? All the songs I used to sing.
Olinda Marei, he kicks him far, you know? I just don't have that Italian ring to it. Olinda Marei.
Where did that come from? Is he just making these new names up as it goes along or what, huh? I think it's a jet conspiracy myself.
How come I don't hear it? Oh, he was getting the latest in the heat.
Down to 34 yard attempt by a linda Marei is right down the middle.
Olinda Marei, we don't want to nitpick on stuff like that, do we?
10, 53 at 5, 60, WQM, we got the mandol coming to one o'clock. He'll straighten it out for it because he says Olinda Marei.
Now, how can it be possible because he immediately followed up by a column of linda Marei?
I guess it's like Abbott and Costello, like Frick and Frack, like Wayne and Schuster, something like that.
Like Lumen Abner.
Thomas Friedman writes into the New York Times yesterday, anyone seen any Democrats lately?
How about I, Tom? Ever since President Bush took office, I've had this feeling the only serious opposition party in America,
at least informed policy, was made up of three people and none of them were Democrats.
The only three people Mr. Bush really worries about, the only three people who could take big constituencies with them if they openly part a company with a president on an issue like Iraq,
are Colin Powell, Tony Blair and John McCain.
What happened to the Democrats? Well, I don't know if by their whining that their voices have been cynically drowned up by Mr. Bush's focus on Iraq.
The problem with the Democrats is not that they're being drowned out by Iraq. The problem with the Democrats is they have nothing compelling to say on all the issues besides Iraq.
Iraq is winning control of the agenda by democratic default, not by Republican design.
I spent the last month traveling the country on a book tour, during which I said that what worried me most after 9-11 was the kind of world my girls were going to grow up in,
I ran into so many Americans who share that concern. After a talk in Atlanta one guy came up to me just opened his wallet and showed me the picture of his daughter, he didn't say a word.
The point is that I can assure the Democrats that while Mr. Bush may be obsessed with Iraq, most Americans are worrying about their jobs, the stock market, the environment and the fact that their kids may not grow up as open and peaceful world as they did.
The biggest security concern of Americans today is not Iraq or Osama. It's the fear that America itself could be weakened by short-term greedy decisions taken by politicians squandering our hard-won surplus or corporate executives squandering our prints and undermining our markets.
And Americans are right to be concerned because without a strong America holding the world together and doing the right thing more often than not, the world really would be a habisi and jungle.
Got it? No.
No, don't you remember Lorraine Hobbes, a bad-ass communist nigger? Oh.
Because I believe that this is what is really annoying in Americans because I believe that Mr. Bush is not really addressing this broader concern but is still running on the momentum of his strong military performance right after 9-11.
There is a leadership opportunity for bold Democrats but where are they? Where are the Democrats who are ready to work you forcefully that the future tax cuts that Mr. Bush poised through are utterly reckless and need to be repealed because they'll erode the resources the government needs remain a great power at this age of uncertainty.
And they send a terrible signal to our kids, corporate leaders in the world that all that matters is short-term me first gratification.
Where are the Democrats who would declare that the best way to enhance our security make us better global citizens reduce our dependence on Middle East oil and leave a better planet for our kids is Manhattan Project designed to develop a renewable energy source along with greater conservation.
Mr. Bush is totally ignored the longing by young Americans to be drafted for such a grand project to strengthen America and so to the Democrats.
Where are the Democrats who would declare their confronting Sodom as legitimate but must not be dealt with our real preparation of the U.S. public.
Decapitating Sodom's regime will take weeks building your back into a more decent state with real civil society will take years.
But it is this latter project that's the most important the one that really gets the underlying threat from the Middle East which is it's failed states.
But do we know how to do such nation rebuilding and if we do do Americans want to pay for it?
We need to go and prepare for this task which is unavoidable if we really intended to disarm Iraq or stay out and rely on instead a more aggressive containment because half-hearted nation building always ends badly and which early weaken us.
Why aren't the Democrats clarifying this?
At the moment the Bush team is leading the nation much more by fear than by hope.
The Democrats can only win or only deserve to win if they can offer a bold alternative.
That would be a program for strengthening America based on hope not fear substance not spin a program that addresses the primary concerns of Americans now.
The future for the kids whose pictures they carry right in their wallets where it's time for him in the yesterday's New York Times.
Good point Tom. Other than Ted Kennedy where are the Democrats? Anybody seen any lately?
No.
Other than those spineless cowards on there like Dick Gavhart and the Waffling Tom Dachel who are all over the place.
Even at the Waffle House they never saw so much Waffling going on. All right you do like Waffle.
Yeah I do Belgian Waffle.
They're okay.
They're crazy crispy.
A lot of whipped cream and strawberries.
1057 at 560 WQM.
Hey if you spill a whipped cream and strawberries on a carpet man you're going to have a mess.
In fact I guarantee that you plenty of things soda, hot-fudge Sundays, dogs, all kinds of stuff.
Not only gets spilled out of your carpeting but also when you walk on here it grinds it down in there and the fibers of your carpet.
If you want them looking just like Brand Spank and New here's the answer you're called the Miracle Workers at Dry Concepts.
I've been using them in my house for about a thousand years.
Seriously over 20 years and they've been around in town for well over 20 years.
The reason they've lasted that long while the others have come and gone is because they do a stupendous job and they give you a square deal all the time.
They give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job.
They dry clean your carpets which sucks out even that deep down dirt.
Make some look like Brand New's smell eminion fresh. They're drying a couple of hours and it's like a miracle right there on your floor.
And they also do an unbeatable job of cleaning your furniture and drapery.
Spot dying, fiber protection, carpet repairs, inflammatory and a rug service, the odourization and if you have a flood in the house complete water damage restoration too.
Nobody know where it does it for you like dry concepts.
In Broward County call 954-370-7778.
954-370-7778, in Dator Palm Beach it's a tool free call 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071 clean today, entertain tonight with dry concepts.
Dry, fine and local, your sports radio 560-2A-JU-A-M.
Have they come?
In the tradition of the disaster musical comes Andrew Lloyd Webbers, Jews in the attic, the Anne Frank Diaries.
You'll leave the theater humming those catchy tunes like No More Beans.
I'm writing all this down. Don't flush til an Nazis go home.
I turn in my parents for a stick of the odorant, it's Jews in the attic, the Anne Frank Diaries.
CD available now.
Love it out to a 560 WQM.
So anyway I'm looking at the schedule for tomorrow and not only is Mo not on there but I know something very interesting.
But you probably have an order stick because you're not as perspicuous as I am.
Okay. Steve Goldstein and Don Bailey Jr. tomorrow morning.
No more and look who's the up doing the updates.
Beast.
The Beast.
How do you like that?
Sneezer.
And he's only the the Beast is only there when Mo is not.
So I guess the deal is they can't be on the show together.
I guess that's the ultimate.
No, seriously, if the if Mo is away then the Beast can play.
But if Mo is in town then Beast goes down.
I'm down a hall like the third person wouldn't go on.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, likely stories.
You're always making excuses for stuff like this.
Here's a good editorial from the Washington Post yesterday.
Ties right in with what we're talking about.
By the way, we'll get to the bottom of the hour after the break.
Don't let me forget.
I better start this and don't be faxed me all this stuff.
Save it. Save it.
I don't have time.
I eat unless it's really great.
Is it great?
No.
Because I hear that fax machine back there cranking and cranking and cranking and cranking.
It's kind of like what he do on our pool.
You know, you're interested in this.
On what I'm picking up right now.
Yes.
And all our blitz.
Oh, about Tom Brady.
Well, I that can wait, especially after yesterday.
Okay, he can wait.
Give me her cut by the way.
He needs.
I think that's what Dunor was.
Tom had bad hair yesterday.
It was a bad here day.
It was bad all the way around Tommy.
Nobody's perfect sweetheart.
He still looks a lot better than Jay Feeler.
I think I'll get out of quite a back look.
Huh?
I think he's going bald.
Tommy, he's got a he's getting a bald spot.
You're right.
He's got a receding hairline.
And I think he's having games like yesterday.
He may lose it real fast in the here too.
He'll be all right.
They'll be okay.
One game doesn't make a season.
Okay?
Yeah, you're right.
Now, what was I just about to say there?
Oh, yeah.
When we get to the bottom of the hour,
I'm going to have to start that article born against Zyna.
Because it's, I don't know how long it's going to take.
It's very long.
Okay?
All right.
It's ponderous.
And when you do a bedtime story that's that long,
you don't want to be interrupted mid follow what I'm saying.
Right.
Before the show.
Because then we'd have to go over on Mad Dog show, you know.
And reading a thing about born again, Zellett,
the farbition of born again Christian on a Mad Dog show,
especially the day after that big dolphin victory.
I love what mad.
I did hear that one thing where he said at the end of the game,
it's electric here today.
It's been like, it wasn't electric.
It was a boring game.
It was a bad game.
I mean, I give it off and spread it.
Their defense played great.
But it was a bad game.
It wasn't exciting.
It was never close.
It was a foregone conclusion.
It's stunk.
You want to see a great game?
How about that open buffalo game, huh?
Your blood soap passes for 50,000 yards every week.
And they still lose because they have no defense.
As soon as the other team gets the ball, oops.
And once the wild group completes it to the guy in a white uniform.
Sorry, dude.
That's the wrong guy.
But that was an exciting game.
49th.
What was it?
49.35 something like that?
Yeah.
I think it was 50.
I think it scored 52.
But whatever it was, it was a lot of points.
An exciting game, up and forth and back and forth and lead changing.
That's an exciting game.
Now, I'm not playing the dolphins on it because of the fact that the Patriots missed a bus.
New York, a Washington Post rather editorial yesterday, defaming Islam.
One of the high watermarks after 9.11 last year was President Bush's leadership in urging Americans not to condemn Islam because of the actions of extremists in the name of their faith.
He set aside his war planning to visit the mosque at the Islamic Center of Washington where he reminded the nation that Islam is peace and it managed Americans not to take out their anger on Islam.
And that is innocent American Arabs and Muslims.
In an appearance before a joint session of Congress, Mr. Bush denounced the terrorists as traders to their faith.
The preachings of Osama bin Ladeni said were a grotesque distortion of a great religion, and despite several highly publicized incidents of threats and lashing out at people thought to be Muslim, most Americans have heated the president's message resisting the ugly lure, a religious intolerance and hate.
The same, however, cannot be said of some key leaders of the religious right in America who are counted among President Bush's closest political allies, and their noxious mix of religious bigotry and anti-Muslim demagoguery, Mr. Bush's silence is deafening.
How do you like that? Let me read that sentence again.
Great. And on their noxious mix of religious bigotry and anti-Muslim demagoguery, Mr. Bush's silence is deafening.
We have in mind several religious conservative leaders who come Mr. Bush's one of their own. There is the Reverend Franklin Graham, Billy Graham's son and successor, and a participant in the President's inauguration who has declared Islam a very evil and wicked religion, and there is Christian coalition founder and TV evangelist Pat Robertson who said that the link Islam is a peaceful religion is fraudulent.
Mr. Robertson in full attack mode himself called the prophet Muhammad an absolute wild-eyed fanatic, a robber and brigand, they killer, and in appearance on the CBS program 60 Minus last night, the Reverend Jerry Falwell completed a demonization of a religion by smearing the prophet of Islam as a terrorist.
These are not just the words of a fringe movement, the speakers are leaders among the religious right in America moving close to a president who speaks their language.
They were embraced as mutual and therefore fall to the president to break his silence on their gross distortion and to put some distance between their rhetoric and his own professions of tolerance.
To avert his gaze from their actions is to permit the Falwells Robertsons and Graham to legitimize their own perverse teachings through their association with the president of the United States.
If their words are not his, then the president must say so. So says the Washington Post. How do you like that? Well put.
And I guarantee he's mum. He's his mum as it gets because just like Falwell said last night, there's 70 million of us, baby. We're where he's tied to us and he's going to get more letters.
We got him by the short ones, man. That's right. How they got 100 as soon as they told Israel to get out of the goddamn after they made that last grotesque in person there.
And they say he said get out 100,000 telegrams. They were knee deep in telegrams. It was like in the movie network. They walked in their armpits. They were sucking telegrams at the White House from all these board again, fanatical lunatics.
You leave Israel alone, baby. And they say, okay, even stay do whatever you want. Have some halva.
James Bush's fans fret over his controversial remarks, speaking of in temperate comments. This is from the Palm Beach Post.
Governor, Jeff Bush is usually well disciplined campaign is still trying to grapple with what may be the most serious mistake of the campaign is all words.
Conor on tape talking about devious plans to undermine a state amendment requiring smaller public school class sizes and juicy details about in leds lesbian relationship between two former caregivers of Missing Mommy Child, William Wilson Bush tried Saturday to change the subject with little effect, little effect.
I'm gagging on it. A little diet soda there.
Now some of Bush's closest advisors, privately awarded Bush may have done serious damage to his campaign at a time when he raced against Tampa, Laura Bill McBride is perilously close.
All right. Bush is trying to just say they can only hope that news reports about his conversation last week with five conservative panhandle lawmakers quickly will fade from the front pages and evening news.
Bush didn't realize a reporter from Gennett Regional newspapers of Florida was present taking notes and recording the conversation.
If on Monday we're still talking about this, we're going to have a problem set of Bush advisor who acts, of course, not to be identified.
Stay tuned says the McBride campaign, which spent a second day hammering Bush.
What I say in private is the same thing I say to you from this podium, McBride told 130 leaders of union groups in Orlando is supporters could hardly contain their glee at Bush's discomfort.
I think the governor has made a very, very serious mistake that he's going to have to answer for since they're a Benedict and Orlando legal secretary.
I think what voters are seeing is the real gem bush. Someone who has little tolerance for people who don't look like him or act like him or smell like him.
Democratic party leaders said Bush's words could mark a major turning point in the campaign.
Oh, what was that?
Oh, Jev has handed over some huge ammunition said Bob Poe, state Democratic party chairman.
This is the kind of thing that all his money can't explain away. I wonder if Bob Poe rated Poe folks.
White super to red soup, huh?
Oh, there's something about the South that just gives me the willies.
A Republican party strategist working with Bush did not disagree saying the governor's election team was struggling with the problem was waiting for the nearly certain Democratic TV ads that will try to keep the issue fresh until the November 5th election.
Poe would not speak specifically about future ads, but McBride's campaign made it clear the Democrats will not let Bush off though.
He said, can you let me off the hook for all time say can't do it, Jev.
This is an important issue when people are getting a chance to see what the real Jev Bush is all about.
It's not a pretty picture said Tony Walsh and McBride spokesman.
Republicans paying the launch new attacks on McBride's record is managing partner at Holliman Knight.
New stories already have explored McBride's record there where he's both credited with making it one of the top US law firms would generous pay and benefits for even the most junior workers and criticized letting the firm grow too fast, resulting in layoffs after he left.
Todd Harris Bush's campaign spokesman said the recent controversy is unfortunate for us because more of what had drowned out than anything else.
Well too bad, too bad about those juicy and devious plans baby.
And that's exactly why he's one of what we're talking about today.
They can't hold our family.
But your hypocritical right wing born again, goody tooshu, Bible thumpin, Tony Baloney, this functional assholes is what it's all about.
That's exactly what it's all about.
You let that big.
They come to think about it.
Huh? You left out big it.
Well that goes with the territory just like that piece in a Washington Post.
Religious bigotry, zealotry, insanity, hate, which is what religion promulgates more than anything else.
It doesn't give most people peace of mind.
It gives them an excuse to legitimize their hatreds.
Always been that way.
Been there, done that, continued being there, doing that, always will.
And these lunatics don't want to drag us kicking and screaming in the armor, getting, well wait, okay, we're not in any hurry.
We waited this long.
We can wait another couple hundred years.
Well wait.
Rabbit.
Those people on that show last night were rabbit.
They might as well have been foaming at the mouth.
Crazy people.
Just like that.
That's what they should have been doing.
And of course it's good that they put this stuff on there so that everybody can at least have an opportunity to be exposed to what it's all about.
But on the other hand, they get so much goddamn time.
Every time there's any issue going on in the world, whether it's attacking Iraq, whether it's the economy, whether it's anything.
There's that fat-faced fart fall well on there.
Rubbin is a purple tiki winky.
Who the hell gives a crap about what he has to say?
Why should we care about that?
Because he's fat.
Because he's fat and disgusting and a religious fanatic and a hateful piece of crap.
That other than it.
By the way, gluttony is a sin, Jerry.
Yeah, gluttony is a sin.
You care, burger.
Just you and Ernest Anzli who makes everybody else heal.
But can't grow his own hair back, huh?
Maybe if he would just take off that awful looking piece.
He should have been our polly other day.
You know, bad looking hair pieces.
But I guess they forgot about him.
Ernest Anzli.
Say baby, baby, say baby.
The worst hair piece in history, man.
He made, uh, he can make, uh, Sam Donaldson look like Tom Brady.
And that's right.
Tom made look like Sam pretty soon.
Let's send Tom Brady to Charles off here in a couple of years.
Is it a deal?
Sure, why not?
Well, who can I'm a deal?
295 votes on a poll.
Which of these do you believe in?
Once you dead your history 101.
There's only one hell.
It's soft floor to 82.
Only hell.
Forget about that.
Those are all crank votes.
Life after death, but no heaven or hell 35.
Heaven and hell 26.
And only heaven eight.
All thank heaven for the great eight, you know?
Well, that's good.
I mean, that's pleasant.
We're all going to go to heaven.
And we're going to sit around.
Of course, we are going to see each other
because we're going to have nobody.
Right.
But we'll be saying,
oh, I feel there's a spirit over there.
Can you want to see each other?
Yeah.
It's just like when you see pictures of people
who went to school with 30, 40, 50 years ago.
And you say, oh, I don't want to see them anymore.
Thank you.
1113 at 560 WQM.
Does this sound like you overworked underpaid,
stuck in a dead end job and underappreciated?
Uh-huh.
Well, do yourself a favor, pick up the phone and call the good people
at Fast Train, our good palies, at this toll free number.
1-866 Fast Train.
The demand for a certified computer professionals
has never been bigger and better than it is right now.
And Fast Train can help you achieve a new career
in as little as four months.
Fast Train is soft-loaded as largest certified Microsoft Training Center
with locations in Pembroke Pines.
They're in Fort Lauderdale.
They're in Kendall and in prestigious Miami, too.
Fast Train offers convenient daily evening and weekend classes for you.
They've got a full-time job placement department
with over 30 years' experience.
So if you're overworked, underpaid, underappreciated, jerked around
and some dead end job.
If you're working for some butt plug, don't wait one more minute.
Pick up the phone and call Fast Train and get yourself on a way
to a real career and a real fat paycheck.
See, as soon as I said real fat, I started gagging.
Call 1-866 Fast Train and think about it in just four short months.
You can really be on your way to becoming a high-paid,
computer professional in a career with greater earning potential.
Take my advice. Pick that thing up right now.
Squeeze it, throttle it and then pick up the phone and call Fast Train.
1-866 Fast Train.
That's 1-866 Fast Train or check them out on the web if you like.
at www.fasttrain.com.
This is 420560.
Way to go.
Hi, this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
Welcome back to the Mojawa David Show.
We're with Chuck Fuller-Zany, but good clean family fun.
You know that pipe smoke and gizmo-guzzle thinks rape is funny?
Is that funny?
Plains crashing into buildings is funny too, huh?
What? What? What?
Since when is gang rape funny?
Especially when it's me getting my teeth back grabed.
Stop!
What a jackass!
Hey, how about some hurry tea?
No, no, no, no, don't go tap there for when I talk.
This is important.
They don't know comedy.
I'll show them comedy.
Today I brought my collection of Luminabna tapes.
Luminabna, you're more on.
They even named the restaurant after LUM.
Uh-oh.
Hey, you cluelish muck.
We'll get back to that later.
Right now it's time for our transcendent mid-show snack.
Bring the morning mayor his food.
Oh, here they are.
My favorite place to die.
I got some bokeh.
Dig in, have a hurry buddy.
Hmm, what is it, Sment?
Looks like a donut.
Torx of the Vane Dumbriols from Planned Barren Hood in the hood.
Oh, that's good.
Try it with the cockyle sauce.
I-I beast.
We'll play that Alice Cooper record.
Dead baby, can't save it.
Here all the dead.
There's a little atmosphere for you to help you go down the gullet.
The heck, baby, I really dig that Alice Cooper seed.
I'm with it.
And I'm here.
I'm a head-stove good.
If these punctual we know what was good.
Here.
I got some more Sents in here.
Plenty of pellet.
Thanks, Smell.
All right.
Well, we got the meathead mad dog coming up at one followed by that fat Jew right after the
quay in the spritz.
What's that?
It's a play.
The play.
It's headed right for your ass, Smell.
Then no, the quay.
11, 19, at 5, 60 W.H.M.C.
You know what they know about the shooting at that school in Princess County, Maryland?
Nurtin?
Right.
Absolutely nothing.
But a press conference is scheduled shortly.
And I'm sure there'll be just as informative as all the other press conferences we've had every day since Wednesday.
And we're just going to say, we don't know nothing.
Yeah, you're right about the Tommy Brady stuff here.
It's pretty interesting from the Boston Globe.
So if it's from the Boston Globe, it probably is pretty interesting.
It says the medium medicine avenue are throwing themselves on football's newest star, Patriots quarterback Tom Brady.
All right.
You can't escape him.
Going to Dunkin Donuts in Tom Brady is there larger than life, flashing those perfect white teeth.
And flogging the new steak, egg and cheese sandwich.
Grab past the city bus and area, sexy despite the silly milk mustache, urging you to drink three glasses a day.
Tom Brady with the milk mustache, huh?
Pick up a recent TV guide.
He's winning at you from the cover.
Ditto for Boston Magazine in Sports Illustrated and Tough Stuff and GQ, where he's lost the $28 million smile, but kept the trademark cleft chin.
In huge type of story begins, Tom Brady is the latest and most glamorous in a recent line of wholly unanticipated, supervalent and quarterbacks.
In the past several months, Brady's been asked to judge them as USA pageant and visit the Playboy Mansion.
He said yesterday, the first note of the last one is the name one of people magazine's 50 most beautiful people alongside Cameron Diaz and Denzel Washington.
Denzel Washington.
He's appeared shirtless on the cover of Sports Illustrated.
Oh, I just happen to have that right over here, which calls him the new Prince of the NFL.
Beckett football card monthly put Brady on his most recent cover and tough stuff cover features him throwing a football.
The Patriot Tom Brady is the NFL's All-American Boy it says.
The cover also announces a special deal when a $550 Tom Brady signed helmet and autographed 16 by 20 inch photo of him is listed at 180 bucks.
Just a year ago, the sixth round draft pick was specializing in warming the bench.
The Patriot's fourth string quarterback, Brady had thrown a ball exactly once in a pro game.
It was earning for the year what drew Bletsow made in a half a game.
But that was before last September 23rd when Bletsow was seriously injured and Brady was called in off the bench.
The rest of course is Super Bowl history.
Tom Brady's in ice sky hates to say no to fans to reporters to endorsements.
The result is he's everywhere. His dimple chin is ours from a year as Britney Spears belly button.
The women love it, but the brawmans who believe your name should be in the newspaper three times in your life when you're born, married and die are Dallas horrified.
As long as he wins, the win-win stickle fans are okay with it.
If he keeps losing watch for a region-wide case of Tom Brady fatigue up there with the West Nile virus.
If his teammates are jealous of the attention they hide it well, that's what a pretty facial gets along with a lot of athletic ability said David Patton.
Willie McGinnis and Larry Iso jokingly noted that Brady has a separate shower in his own locker room.
I think Tom's gotten a little bit bigheaded said McGinnis.
We have to make an appointment to speak to him in the locker room.
Seriously, he has, he's pretty well grounded. He's a normal kind of guy.
He's a California kid like myself and plays with a lot of heart.
But one NFL source who has not to be identified believes the overexposure of Tom Brady could get ugly.
He's not sophisticated in this year and his agent is not doing him any favors in the long run.
It's not good for him. His valuable deteriorated could potentially cause problems on his team.
But lonely we say like chocolate and the beetles, you can never get to get too much of a good thing.
Herewith we offer our own list of possible magazine covers for Tom Brady.
Martha Stewart Living, Tom Brady's tips on turning a helmet into a vase.
Vibe, hip-hop hunks, P-ditty and T-Brady.
Newsweek a year later, a nation remembers Tom Brady.
American girl Tom Brady, their sex Harry Potter.
CQ, get the Tom Brady, look, Scally, Capson, Jeans.
The Atlantic, Muckley. Tom Brady drafts a plan for global dominance.
Modern maturity, Tom Brady's mom shares her secrets on HRT.
Town and country from Franklin to Quincy.
How, Quincy, I'm sorry. How I went big city by Tom Brady.
Businessweek, how Tom Brady outsmited the beer.
With an essence of apostrophe afterward.
Inferences. Got it, got it.
Food and wine, burgers and beer with Tom Brady.
Yankee magazine, Tom Brady shares his apple pie recipes.
And this just in, in the very latest issue of her magazine,
Rosie O'Donnell, the Queen of Self Promotion, which I guess would be the last issue,
announces a new collaboration.
She's turning Rosie into Tommy, the first cover story, the art of overexposure.
How do you like that? And speaking of overexposed, that disgusting fat bitch is on this morning with Paula.
On CNN on that awful morning show.
Oh, good, golly miss Molly.
Are we ever going to see the end of her?
No.
She's one of those people who refuses to go away.
She keeps threatening to go away. She quit the TV show.
She quit the magazine and she just won't go away.
Philip Morris loses $28 billion suit.
California jury orders, number one cigarette maker to pay.
Record punitive damages.
$28 billion.
What?
Got that right here.
Philip Morris company, the number one cigarette maker, was ordered Friday to pay a record $28 billion
to a 64-year-old woman with lung cancer, who blamed her tobacco addiction on the company's
baby to Warner, the risk of smoking.
Right.
Philip Morris vowed to appeal after LA jury awarded Betty Bullock of Newport Beach, California,
what the company said, was the largest single a judgment against it.
Higher before the news, here's a Philip Morris, tumbled more than 7% Friday.
The $28 billion would amount to 38% of the company's $72.9 billion in revenue last year.
I think it'll be reduced.
$28 billion is a bit much, said Marty Erinzen, a tobacco analyst at Erinzen, Washington
Research.
Still, Erinzen respects the award, or rather suspects the award may encourage suits beyond California,
where juries have appeared more willing to favor plaintiffs and tobacco cases.
The industry keeps saying it's a West Coast phenomenon, Erinzen said, I don't think we know it's just a West Coast.
I think the industry has got some rocky roads ahead, and we all can agree on one thing.
We love rocky roads.
Man, no fish food.
It's known Nestle's turtle, but we do love our rocky road, don't we?
Yes.
You bet.
Show them off.
Airport knife sends man to jail.
I wonder if it was a yellow knife.
A Wisconsin pharmacist who carried a knife and a carry-on back through Palm Beach International Airport Security
was a devious and concealing it under the insol of a running shoe,
an intentionally violated national security judge said Friday, and handing down a 30-day to jail sentence.
Palm Beach County Judge Paul Moil.
You must have some cutting comments, you know what?
Said a message had to be sent to whereline passengers in the American public in a case that you have a news media attention
and was taped for later broadcast on court TV.
James Cobb's 40 activists is on attorney and tried to convince jurors of last week that he mistakenly placed the shoe with a knife and his carry-on back
while shuffling three pairs of shoes between his bags.
He mistakenly placed the shoe with a knife and then his carry-on back.
The judge rejected that claim and Cobb's for whatever reason chose to try to bring the knife aboard the March flight.
There was zero tolerance, there are consequences, this is national security issue said Moil, who praised the airport screeners for detecting the knife.
And you know what a Moil does with the knife, huh?
Yeah, that's right.
F&A. So when in doubt, sniff him out.
I think we'd all agree, you know, that's good punishment, I'll send him back.
Send him back home.
1126 at 560 WQA and for years you've heard me talk about diets, about losing weight and you want to know why?
Because a lot of us are fat.
That's right, everybody and their brothers trying to take advantage of you.
Well, let me tell you right now, there's a store that wants to give you an opportunity to go into and browse around, try a little bit of this, a little bit of that before you buy.
And see all the amazing, these zillions of products they have specifically designed for people who are desperate to lose that weight.
Can you imagine a little no-carb, no-fact delicious scoop of ice cream on a hot day like today? Is today a hot day?
We're here?
Yeah, it's right here, of course.
A hot day like today down there. How about over a thousand low carbon no-shurder products is ready for you to taste.
And these things are all waiting for you at Delights of West Boka, your Actions headquarters.
And you can always, like I said, try them before you buy them.
And if you like to, it's 25% off all Actions products all the time.
From candy to cookies, snacks, breads, and vitamins, Delights of West Bokas got it all with more great stuff arriving every day like the new controlled carb brownies they just got in.
Four delicious flavors like peanut, coconut, classic, and cherry.
And they taste like grandma's recipe, although my grandma never made brownies, I don't think.
I'm other made brownies. I don't think my grandma ever made anything worth eating.
Delights of West Boka on the North East corner of the ladies in 440 and in Bokka opens.
Although she did make good motsables and you wonder why because they were hard.
The back of the spoon stuck to the motsable.
You know what I'm saying?
Like when you go to chop off a little piece, the back of the spoon sticks to the motsable.
Then you know you've got a real ball firm.
Delights of West Boka on the North East corner of the ladies in 440 and in Bokka open every day till 10, 7 days a week.
Call toll free 1-877 Low Carb or check them out on the web at lowcarb.com.
And thanks a lot for that stuff you set up here last week by the way.
That's my and Low Carb.
This is 440560.
You can weigh.
WQM Go f**k yourself.
I'm...
Seating like a wise Christian about the Jews and gay homies.
How I'd love to bury those crimes killing fairies who don't know the Bible.
Like I know.
I'm...
Like a wise Christian.
And how we all must think and act alike and not to think whenever it's appropriate.
Yes, wouldn't it be wonderful that everybody in the world was white and Christian?
And look the same and said the same things.
Boring, I don't think so.
No, to me, that would be paradise and the Republican way.
I'm...
Seating like a wise Christian.
And how we all must think alike.
All the games blackened yet long must die until everybody's Christian and...
What?
1130-560.
WQM, you forgot to remind me to read this article at 1130.
No, I didn't.
You didn't?
No, hey, don't forget to read that article.
It's 1130.
Oh, thanks.
From Mother Jones, October, it's just a long one, man.
It's a long one, and I'll have to break it up.
You know something too bad.
Because how many people do you think read Mother Jones in this audience?
About three?
Hey, then I don't read Mother Jones, which I should.
I like it. It's a good magazine.
Got some with stuff in it.
And who is this addressed to?
To George?
You have a unit and subscribe to it.
They called up and I asked them to send us...
To reach that, we didn't subscribe because it's spelled with a G.
George with a G.
Is that George with a G?
Are we guys, huh?
They called and offered and I said, yes, thank you.
That would be nice.
Sure.
Absolutely positively.
We'll take it.
Born again, Zionist.
Christian conservatives are teaming with hard-line Jewish groups to transform American policy.
To be toward Israel.
More of the same on what we saw in 60 minutes last night.
Nearly three decades after leaving his job as a marketing manager at Colgate, Palmolog,
Ed McAteer, who we saw last night, considered one of the Godfathers of the modern religious
right, still sounds like a salesman.
In a well-honed pattern, he tells of introducing Jerry Falwell to then-Presidential candidate Ronald Reagan,
discussing spiritual matters with Jesse Helmson-John Ascrock, and helping organize the evangelical movement
that's become the most powerful grassroots component of the Republican Party.
But no subject excites these 76-year-old boy again, backed as more than his unequivocal love for the Jewish people,
and the state of Israel is increasingly influential role as one of the nation's leading Christian Zionists.
The passion of McAteer, a gregarious man with a toothy smile and thinning wastes of brushbacked here,
is evident during a prayer breakfast in May for more than 200 people at the Israeli Embassy in Washington, D.C.
I'm delighted and thrilled, and just pumped up to be here, McAteer tells the crowd in a Tennessee draw,
nearly bouncing behind a podium backed by brightly colored vanners celebrating the biblical tribes of Israel.
Before him sits the self-described inner circle of Christian Zionism, pastors, preachers, and religious activists,
who quietly but effectively lobby for Israel.
With a board again Christian in the White House and events in the Middle East spinning out of control,
McAteer recognizes the power of those in the room to influence U.S. policy on behalf of Israel.
The best friends that Israel has are those people who believe that the Bible does not contain the word of God,
but that the Bible is the word of God, he announces to the faithful.
He must use that expression luck, as that's what he said last night too.
When McAteer left the business world in 1976 to help organize the Christian right,
the idea of the Israeli government working hand in hand with conservative Christians would have been difficult to imagine.
At that time some evangelical groups were openly anti-Semitic and associated with the John Birch's side and other far-right groups.
Today though, Christian conservatives provide Israel and in particular the Hardline LaCouple party of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon
with its most important political support in this country.
The opposes real seating land of the Palestinians and are pressuring the Bush administration to close Palestinian offices in the United States.
They've also have closed ties to GOP congressional leaders into a group of higher-ranking hawks in the Pentagon,
led by Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz, that some of these leaders inside called the Kosher Nostra.
There are very vocal in a shift to the center of gravity toward Israel and against concessions,
says Doug Bandau, an evangelical serves as a senior fellow at the Conservative Cato Institute.
It colors the environment in which decisions are being made.
Indeed, thanks to top-level connections and grassroots activism of evangelical Christians,
U.S. policy in the Middle East has never been so closely aligned with Israel as it is under the administration of George W. Bush.
As the conflict in the Middle East has heated up even some of the Jewish state's most ardent supporters have been surprised
by the President's strong, periscretal stance.
Given the influence of Conservative Christians, it's no surprise that his brilliant embassy has an office of interreligious affairs
that hosts monthly briefings for evangelicals, welcome the church bus tours and organizes breakfasts.
Church leaders listening to McAteer this morning have flown to Washington to their own expense to represent congregations as far along as California, Colorado, Pennsylvania, and Florida.
They were American and Israeli flagpins that they received at the door for embassy officials, and equal take home a short video showing Israeli soldiers fraternizing with monks last spring outside the Beseech Church of the Nativity in Jerusalem.
Following a browsing rendition of the Star Spangled Banner, they sing Hattikpa, the Israeli national anthem, and listen to several Christian compositions including a Pat Boon Original, Israel Oblussed Israel.
In public, Israeli diplomats usually speak in the secular language of international politics, but here before a group of Christian believers they talk of biblical prophecy.
It is no coincidence that our prayers for Christians and Jews complement each other. Moshe Fox, the embassy's minister of public affairs, tells the audience.
He quotes extensively from the Old Testament in which God promises the Jews a land flowing with milk and honey before adding,
and diet soda, before adding,
I call on you to carry this prayer and help turn this divine promise into a reality.
Those gathered at the embassy are eager to take up the call.
As they see in a market, Israel are both engaged in a religious war against terrorism.
That makes the two countries natural allies, says Gary Bauer, head of the campaign for working families who follows McAteer to the podium.
I've been asked over and over again with this puzzlement, why are you standing with Israel, Mr. Bauer, you an evangelical Christian?
He says, he shorts that you be lied by delivery, honed during his 2000 presidential campaign.
Not enough diet soda, you know?
Let's drink some more.
Well, my goodness, why would we not stand with Israel?
Why would we not stand with the nation in the Middle East, that's a democracy?
Why would we not stand with the nation about which God says, if you blessed, I will bless you.
And if you Christian, I will curse you. That's good enough for me. I don't need anything else as Mr. Bauer, the anxious right wing goose stepping Gary Bauer.
Amen, replies his audience.
Some nodding their heads in agreement their eyes closed, many attending the breakfast are part of a significant wing of the evangelical movement known as dispensation lists.
They work to support Israel ironically because they believe it will lead to the ultimate triumph of Christianity.
For then the ongoing crisis in the Middle East has been prophesized in the Bible after Jews reclaimed the Holy Land non-believers, including Jews and Muslims.
The whole parishioner Armageddon in Jesus will return as the Messiah, lead his followers to heaven.
I've read the end of this book, says evangelist Janet partial and other speaker whose daily radio program is indicated to three and a half million Christian listeners nationwide.
I know what happens, she says.
God.
Let's take a pause at that point. Okay, we take a pause.
She knows what happens and for most of us it ain't good, okay?
And ain't good. I wonder if it's good for Tom Layman down there at Halif Pontiac. Well, Tom's got a good sense of humor. He'll just go with a flow, you know, because he's been doing that for over 35 years.
And that's why they're in such a good mood down there because they're always doing great business because they've been treating folks right and giving them unbeatable deals for over 35 years.
And at one same great place, Halif Pontiac GMC, 134, one South Dixie highway, that's on US one right across from the falls where the Neil deal is going on again.
That's right. You can save big dollars in all Pontiacs and GMCs in stock, but just mentioned.
You heard us talking about Halif Pontiac here on this program and you'll save even more. That's right. Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs while you're there, including that snappy, spiffy envoy voted by Motor Trend as SUV of the year.
Plus check out the all new gas guzzling vibe SUV that's got the power of a big expensive sports car without the expense.
Halis also got as always a great dependable selection of pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs. And like I always tell you, if any of the other guys turned you down for credit, if you weren't good enough for them, guess what?
You're good enough for Halif Pontiac. So get your ass down there, Halif Pontiac GMC, 134, one South Dixie highway open every day, seven days a week, you can call them at 305, 238, 4040.
And when you call them proctodont, say, Hey, Tom, what do you think of old Mo and all into Monday, 305, 238, 4040 for Halif Pontiac GMC who do be professional grade.
I'm a pilot local, this is five cities, the radio's on your, you and I need help.
My friends, I believe it's time this country has a poor Christian leadership. For that, I need your chicks and money orders. Friends, I can assure you I know what's best for you.
Good little Christian, trying to run our lives with dead baldens there mouth on Friday days.
Good little Christians, viewing their hate around and tower grabbing for a new third break.
Good little Christians, brainwashing on their kids, row up believing their retail's aren't true.
So why do you have to die?
You believe in the world they always told you to.
The business needs checks from you. God's their marketing tool.
Good little Christians, for given instantly. That's why they never have to tell that true.
Good little Christians, how do you step for why? They like to swap and swing and cheat hotel.
Good little Christians, protecting us from ourselves. From wings of fire in the depths of hell.
I'm a new friends for all of those away.
And as they got you down the liberals have a victory.
LUM45 at 560 WDQ. I'm no forget to join the overnight boys doing Mark the night.
And I'm 11 against season Kendall stop out of when our usual QM crappy cheap prizes and enjoy a crown world specials.
The big Monday night football get together night at the Gantspeas and Kendall.
In Washington, this article goes on. What's the name of the article again?
Neil Bornagain Zionist by Ken Silverstein and Michael Scher in the October issue of Mother Jones. Thank you.
In Washington, the Israel lobby has traditionally been synonymous with the American Israel Public Affairs Committee,
APAC and organization headed and largely directed by American Jews. Rightfully considered to be one of the most powerful organizations in the capital,
APAC has 130 employees including 7 full-time lobbyists and its member Shower Democrats and Republicans with millions of dollars in political contributions.
In recent years though evangelicals who dwarfed the number of American Jews have played an increasingly important role in building political support for Israel.
The active alliance between evangelical Christians, American Jewish organizations and conservative Israeli leaders,
dates to the tenure of Prime Minister Menachem Began who took office in 1977.
Began and his Lecude Party used religious arguments to justify confiscation of error bland and shared in common with American evangelicals,
though not most American Jews, highly conservative, used on social questions like abortion and welfare.
Began cultivated ties to emerging evangelical leaders like the Reverend Jerry Falwell, honoring him with a dinner in the York in 1980 and presenting him with a lear jet for his efforts on behalf of Israel.
Since then all subsequent Lecude Prime Ministers have carefully strengthened ties to American evangelicals.
In 1996 Benjamin Netanyahu created the Israel Christian Advocacy Council and flew 17 Christian leaders to Israel where they signed a pledge that America never never will desert Israel.
And in December 2000, Sherona dressed a group of 1500 Christians on as to had traveled to Jerusalem saying,
we regard you to be one of our best friends in the world.
But it is only over the past year since the election of Bush and the attacks of 9-11 that conservative Christians have put support for Israel near the top of their political agenda,
helping to push the Bush administration to side firmly with Sherona and to pressure the Palestinians to replace Yes or Amafard.
Well known figures like Falwell and Pair Robertson have been at the forefront, but dozens of other evangelical leaders and organizations are active across the country.
McAteer runs a Memphis-based political network that raises money for the Christian right and introduces candidates to Israeli leaders.
In April he and five other evangelicals sent letter to Bush urging him to stand with our friend and ally Israel as they attempted to defeat the same forces of terrorism that we've been battling since 9-11.
A minister near Denver, George Morrison, raises support for Israel through his church and help organize a national conference in June attended by 600 evangelicals.
Also attending the event was Esther Levin's and elderly Jewish woman from Kansas City who brings together disparate groups of Christians Zionists through the national unity coalition for Israel.
Levin founded the group after she saw a pool declaring that 70% of Americans supported Israel.
I knew that only 2% of Americans were Jewish, she says, so I thought why not go and try to find the other 68%.
Some conservative Christians have visions of growing even more influential than a pack when it comes to American policy in the Middle East, Richard Helman, a former GOP Senate staffer and board again, Pentecostal, hopes to organize at least 7 million followers as members of his lobbying group, Christians Israel Public Action Campaign.
Someone once referred to his A-PAC's little echo, Helman says with a laugh, maybe we'll turn out to be the echo that roared.
Lobbyying by conservative Christians has already proved vital to Israel, especially during its recent military campaign, Marshall Whitman, former top lobbyist with a Christian coalition, and veteran of the other Bush administration credits evangelicals, would give their message directly to the White House and says that they're in constant communication with Bush's political director Carl Rove.
These folks are perfectly per-Israel within the high councils of the Republican Party, and their views have probably sharpened the president's own thinking, Whitman says.
He personally identifies with the born-of-get evangelicals within his own party.
Unlike his father, who is generally viewed as the president whose policies were least sympathetic to Israel, Bush has taken an increasingly hard-line stance against the Palestinians.
In April the White House issued what was widely seen as a half-hearted call for Sharon to withdraw his forces from the West Bank.
When the Israeli leaders refused to do so, the administration continued to verify responsible for almost all the violence between the two sides, eventually calling for his removal as head of the Palestinian Authority.
Of course, the administration's pro-Israel stance is not entirely the result of evangelical lobbying. Israel has long been the largest recipient of American aid receiving $3 billion last year.
The evangelicals are important since former CIA director James Wolsey and applies into the Jewish instance whose pro-national security affairs, but less than a political sense than as a reflection of the widespread support that Israel has in this country.
Yet with the election of Bush, evangelical activists enjoy unprecedented influence among top administration officials.
No one has a monopoly on the era of this president, but he's more receptive to the pro-Israel message than his predecessor says Rand Fishbine, a lobbyist in consultant for depends contractors in the West Army.
In this administration, there are more avenues to get that message to decision-makers. Conservative Christians have a specially closed ties to a group of hawks within the administration led by Wolff Woods and under Secretary of State Douglas Fythe, two of the highest ranking Pentagon officials after Secretary Don Rumsfeld.
Fythe, perhaps the administration's most fervent supporter of Israel, has said the Israeli should reoccupy all land seated to the Palestinian Authority even though the price in blood would be high.
Before joining the administration, Fythe was honorary policy chairman of the National Unity Coalition for Israel and shared the board of a pro-Israel think tank called the Center for Security Policy.
Frank Gaffney, Jr. and Assistant Secretary of Defense on a Ronald Reagan runs the Center for Security Policy notes that hard lines and portals of Israel now find their views welcomed at the White House.
It's the oldest who will pushing open a door says Gaffney, you're seeing an American government policy being profoundly influenced by beliefs that are shared by the pushers outside and the people on the inside.
Christian evangelicals also wield considerable influence in Congress where they want support for Israel even among lawmakers who represent states with relatively small Jewish populations.
The two top GOP leaders in the House, majority leader Dick Arme and Whip-Tom Delay, are among Israel's staunchest advocates on Capitol Hill despite coming from Texas to state where Jews represent less than 1% of the population.
Delay agrees with Hawke's Israelis that the West Bank and Golan Heights are part of Israel rather than occupied territories and army is advocated forcibly removing Palestinians from the West Bank and relocating them to Arab countries.
Sounds good.
Living by conservative Christians has also provided GOP leaders in the Senate with a way to wrap their support for Israel in biblical terms and March Senator James Inoff of Oklahoma gave a speech on the Senate floor in which he said that he supports Israel because that is a strategic ally, a roadblock to terrorism and because God said so.
There's probably no one in Congress posted a conservative Senator Sam Brownback of Kansas state with 14,000 Jews 0.5% of the population, most of whom have voted for him.
A former Brownback staffer Sherry Dallinger now handles outreach to the evangelical community for the Israeli embassy.
Christian conservatives provide the political base for most Republicans since 1 GOP staffer.
For most many of these guys, especially the leadership, are real believers in this stuff and so are their constituents.
Backed by evangelical Christians, conservatives and Congress have worked to drive American policy in the Middle East to the right, taking even more of a pro-Israel stance than the administration.
In April, Secretary of State Colin Powell met privately with Senate and House conservatives and asked them to withdraw resolutions in support of Israel's incursion into the West Bank, saying they would complicate efforts to broker peace talks.
Votes on the resolutions were postponed for a week but would then approve despite White House objections.
Liberal Jewish groups who favor a negotiated settlement with the Palestinians were alarmed by the political impact of evangelicals.
They see any concession as a threat to Israel and this way they strengthen the hardliners in Israel and the United States as Rabbi Eric Yafi hit a union of American Hebrew congregations that may make it difficult for the peace process to go forward.
But on the whole, American Jewish groups have increasingly accepted Christian support.
In 1999, when Falwell declared that the anti-Christ is alive in Jewish, the anti-deformation league charged that as remarks were rooted in Christian theological extremism and bordered on anti-Semitism, at best, and our anti-Semitic at worst.
Recently, however, the ADL has remained silent on Falwell and it may ran an ad in major newspapers that reprinted an article written by Ralph Reed, former head of the Christian coalition that was titled, We People of Faith Stand firmly with Israel.
And in July, the Zionist organization of America honored Pat Robertson for his work on behalf of Israel.
Oh, my lunch is coming up and I haven't eaten it yet.
The group's president Morton Klein insisted anti-Jewish sentiment among Christian conservatives.
And mostly a thing of the past, you find hints of anti-Semitism among many non-Jewish groups and a few evangelicals may have anti-Jewish feelings, you said.
But I've spoken to dozens of Christian Zionist groups that have never encountered any anti-Semitism in a child of Holocaust survivors.
Instead, I have found a great love of the Jewish people.
I'm thrilled they're helping Israel, I think they're doing a great job.
There are more pro-Israel and pro-Zionist than most Jews.
Jewish leaders also tended downplayed the theological beliefs of Christian Zionists, many of whom believe that Jews will eventually be destroyed in Armageddon.
In fact, the more devout fundamental say that once Jews establish complete control of the Holy Land, Christ will stage his second coming.
Then Christians will be raptured to heaven and many Jews who are surviving and suing apocalypse will convert to Christianity, best fulfilling God's original covenant with the Jews.
That's a risk that Jewish leaders like Morton Klein are happy to take given the political crowd of evangelicals.
I'm willing to make this the only thing they continue to support Israel's prosperity, security and survival, then if Jesus comes back in the future, I will join their parade client, says, hey, if I was wrong, no problem.
Oh, brother.
Woo!
Good time for another break, I think.
Okay.
You don't think? I need a towel.
Yeah, if Jesus comes back, he'll sign up. He'll sign up with him. How do you like that?
Okay, me too.
All I can say is...
Oh!
We are support radio 516.
UAF.
Well, it beat it 12 to 1 hour on WQA.
Hello, I'm Saul.
And I'm Harry.
Here to tell you about a special place.
Here's the short riddle drive.
From New York is the Pocanos.
Let's go.
That's where I wanna go.
I can't have a fomidol.
He was that in the Pocanos.
He can feel damn big.
I love that stuff.
Way shuffleboard if you wish.
I got a nine.
Go for Saturday brunch.
Or for the food on top of your din.
I hope it's coastrin'.
In the Pocanos, Kaita and Bakil.
Camel back in push-kill.
Mad Ali and Shawnee.
They're even Mickey Rooney.
I know.
Slate rock and crystal.
Or be less the pumpkin in the Pocanos.
We'll have some lives and then we'll see our show.
Rid Tony Orlando.
In the Pocanos.
Get a heart shaped towel.
You'll put a champagne, sit,
fry the pool and act like a show.
Let's get the chicks.
You'll get the in-ice girl.
Over by the exercise club.
Hey, Chulio, behave.
In the Pocanos.
Kaita and Bakil.
Camel back in push-kill.
Mad Ali and Shawnee.
Don't forget Mickey Rooney.
Slate rock and crystal.
Or be less the pumpkin in the Pocanos.
We'll have some lives and then we'll see our show.
Rid Tony Orlando.
In the Pocanos.
Let's go.
If I get your teeth to start.
I got my teeth in the water and they're about there.
I think I just came up with a great new marketing idea.
How about delis for Boarding in Christians?
Okay.
Yeah, some kosher delis.
Well, not kosher necessarily.
Some delis, like I said, with like a big cross over the front side.
No, no, you're on the right track.
kosher is good because that's an adherence with the word of God, you see.
In adherence where the word of God and also a koshe's up to those ultra-right winged Jews.
They have seen him and that crowd.
Nothing.
In fact, since they want to be so cozy, cozy, we can have like they can come in and wear the
talus and then you can personally like wrap the wrap to fill in the room.
I'm going to wrap it around their neck.
Going, there's only one page to go here.
I realize this is long but it ties right in with that piece on 60 minutes last night.
I think it's important to know even though of course we're not going to change very many minds,
but nevertheless, especially our little corner of the world on this one, make believe radio station.
But I'm doing the best I can.
Here's the latest on that shooting by the way at the school in Maryland.
Nothing.
I mean, it continued.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, because it's 24 hour news channel so they have to keep going.
Buh, buh, buh, but they got nothing.
It says evangelical leaders are waging the two front campaign for Israel lobbying,
Washington while rallying financial and political support across the country.
The day after attending the prayer breakfast at the Israeli embassy,
Ed McAtheir returns to Memphis where a pro-Israel rally has been organized by the Memphis Jewish Federation,
a local charity that provides social services.
Unlike their counterparts, would organize similar rallies in New York and Boston,
Jewish leaders here in the buckle of the Bible belt have reached out to the city's Christian leaders for support.
It's very important for all faiths to know the issues that United is and do Groveman,
President-elect of the Jewish Federation says before the rally,
we're all good people of the book.
It's just a question about whether it's a different book.
The advertised speakers include as many pastus as rabbis as well as two congressmen
with solid Christian constituencies, Ed Bryant and Harold Ford, Jr.
As people filled him in holding signs that read,
bless Israel, bless your own and air fat as a Muharib and a Arabic word for enemy,
a video plays over and over again showing gruesome montages of the Israeli victims of Palestinian suicide bombings,
the Lecude Mayor of Jerusalem, Amid Al-Murt appears live via satellite to ensure the crowd
that his city stands strong and undivided.
I wonder if they showed any pictures of the butchered Palestinian children?
I doubt it.
The Christian ranks at hundreds to the standing remoney crowd of 2000.
Thomas Lindbergh, pastor of the Memphis First Assembly of God Church,
tell those assembled about a tour that he led to Israel last year.
My old church out.
I beg your pardon?
I used to go to that church.
You did?
Assembly of God, many years, yes.
You went to the assembly of God Church?
And proudly, three times a week, thank you very much.
Not tonight, I'm going to burn in hell, Mr.
that's not the right one.
Anyway, he says we felt that special nature that God has put upon that land
and given it was people, the Jewish people of the world.
And let me say today that we, when I say we,
I represent the assembly of God here in America,
three and a half million of us, 42 million assemblies of God,
people around the globe.
We love Israel.
Doesn't it sound like that Barbara Stulley stuff I was screaming about a week or two ago?
I love Israel, the Jewish people.
I love my, say, verbate a word for word.
When this whole right wing agenda first came out, that's a long time ago,
back on the WS News, Barbara Stulley.
The Jewish people, I love my love, my love, my love Israel.
And of course some of the Jews at that time,
I don't want to mention Lou Dron or any of those other people,
just sucking it up, man, just sucking it up.
I got news for you Lou. Well, never mind.
Doesn't his kids to work for power 96?
Don't know.
After the rally, Macature makes clear that he and other evangelicals
see their role in the current conflict,
less as peacemakers, than as unflapable supporters of Israel.
Like other conservative Christians, he believes that land now occupied by Israel
should not be returned to the Palestinians,
that they get caught under some unfortunate circumstances,
that doesn't change the fact that the land doesn't belong to them
and they have no right to what Macature says.
Macature, another evangelical leaders believe that Arabs and Muslims
can be traced back to Ishmael, the unfavorable son of Abraham,
who was promised by God, vast land and resources,
but who would never be satisfied with what he had.
No matter how much good fortune Arabs receive Macature says,
they'll never know spiritual peace.
Find an Arab six feet forward, which is tall, he says,
have him as handsome as Clark Gable,
give him a body like Charles Atlas,
give him the title to a $50 million mansion,
put him a hundred million in the bank,
and then so that his resources will not be diminished,
give him the title to $50 gushing oil wells.
That man should be the ideal happy man, but he's a Muslim.
Have him stand on a little piece of geography called Israel
that backs up between the Dead Sea and the Mediterranean,
and if he sees a Jew walk by with all he's got,
all his happiness diminishes, he's got fever in his soul.
I wish we had Peggy Lee to sing fever.
Yeah, just snap the fingers and put a little one of those
the pace of one of those things on your head, like Enrique.
Maybe he can borrow his.
At days and macadir rushes over to Brit Hadashra,
a Memphis synagogue used by local congregation
of Messianic Jews.
Oh, Messianic Jews!
Jew's on the knees of the baby!
The last day of his life.
This evening evangelicals, including some from a group
called Christian Friends of Israel, are meeting there.
In recent years, the group raised $100,000 from local Christians
to purchase an ambulance for Israel,
organized a Holocaust Memorial and nearby Baptist Church,
and paid for 70 Russian Jews to immigrate to Israel.
Now they're working with kindred spirits in Kentucky and Maine
to start similar organizations in those states.
Pranted by Macatir, they rise one at a time from the
synagogue's gallery to testify to the work they've done for Israel.
They speak about the letters they've written to Congress.
The crypts they've taken to the Holy Land.
The relationships they've forged with Jewish neighbors.
Here's the very engine of that vast political religious
machinery that Macatir has helped to organize.
The local groups whose political activities driven by an unwavering belief
that this is God's work.
They've been charged by the Bible to love Israel, love the Jews,
and await the return of their Savior.
We don't have the answers to this Emily Jogreer,
a member of the group.
George Bush does not have the answer.
Arafar does not have the answer.
Ariel Sharon does not have the answer.
It's going to be Jesus.
Sherry Lindsay, a member of the congregation,
says she looks for divine intervention when she watches
for the evening news.
When I see that the President of Saudi Arabia is coming
to make a peace plan, and then has to leave because his brothers
had a stroke, I wonder, is that the hand of God?
And I pray not for my ideas of what should be,
but for God's will, the triumph.
Amen, says Macatir.
And would that his most recent marathon or prayer
and revival comes to an end?
Macatir had so known that with ongoing turmoil in the Middle East,
and the unwavering beliefs, he witnessed a watch in the Memphis,
God's plan for Israel and the world is right on track.
That's it.
In the September October, it's your mother Jones.
It's right on track, baby.
Oi!
Armageddon.
And believe me, most of us are going to be getting it at that point.
But I'd like that one Jewish guy says from the 80s or whatever.
Well, if Jesus comes back, then I'll sign up with him, you know?
Yeah, sure.
It's convenient.
Maybe I can make it to you.
Maybe I can sign up wholesale, some kind of crap like that.
Talk about having no principles whatsoever, talking about being naive and stupid,
just like those old Jews back in the W's News days,
old Jews on W's News, with that barbarous Dudley crap.
Oh, I just love the Jewish people.
And boy, they were Kvellen from her, man.
They were sucking it up like last We Chalava.
You can believe it.
They were sucking it up like a free-roly bird dinner.
Tragic.
And no matter how much I would try to tell them,
oh, no, she's wonderful.
She loves her.
Yeah, right.
Look out the window, an old faggot like me, a heathen old faggot like me.
What a window.
Just because I've had a little deli every now and then.
In fact, I think I'm going to the pickled barrel for lunch today just out of spite.
Out of protest, I'm going to have some kishki.
How do you like that, huh?
All right.
Just to protest those far-bison abort again Christians.
You know, the interesting thing about after 9-11 happened,
and they started screaming about Islam and about how intolerant the Muslim religion was,
and about how they kept talking about the infidels, this and the infidels,
that meaning that anybody who didn't share their fundamentalist interpretation of Islam
was going to be a burn in hell or was the enemy in the audio.
Isn't that interesting?
But now as we look at board again, Christianity, this fundamentalist view,
it's no different.
It's the same thing.
Jesus is coming back to save them, not the rest of us,
and only if we'll sign up with them.
Only if we'll sign online.
What do you want?
Lunch?
Man.
Palm Beach Post is an editorial yesterday.
It says for a security threat, try AIDS.
Smallpox is frightening because it ravages the body with abscesses,
spreads like wildfire and often kills.
Though no active cases have been reported Americans need to be concerned about preventing it.
AIDS is a different story.
It's a silent pandemic spread by pursuits carried out on out of sight,
such as sex and drug use, yet 42 million people live with HIV,
the virus that causes AIDS, about one million of them in the U.S.
Vioterrorism threats forced Americans think about smallpox,
anthrax, basalism, and other deadly germs,
but most don't think much about AIDS until new reports startle us as several did scare me last week.
Oh, this is not a minotaur, it's an article by Fran Hathaway,
the Palm Beach Post editorial writer, same difference,
and yesterday's Palm Beach Post.
The first report came from the National Intelligence Council made up of experts
who provide analysis to the CIA, the State and Defense Departments and National Security Council.
Two years ago, the Council warned that the global spread of AIDS
should be considered a threat to American security.
Last week, the Council said that by 2010,
the epidemics next wave could infect 50 to 75 million people
and countries containing 40% of the world's population,
India, China, Ethiopia, Nigeria, and Russia.
That's double or triple the estimate other experts projected a year ago.
The second was a Palm Beach Post story from Bell Glade about a medical report,
reportedly the first that will evaluate the effectiveness anti-AIDS drugs on African Americans.
In Palm Beach County, Blacks make up 13.8% of the population,
but 65% of HIV AIDS cases, in grades that figure nearly 92%.
There were two stories out of Washington,
and one, the Population Action Council reported that 8 billion condoms a year
are needed worldwide to help people protect themselves against HIV AIDS,
yet though condoms cost just three cents a piece on the international market,
wealthy countries such as the United States aren't doing enough to support programs that distribute them.
There is more information in the report, condoms count from the Population Action Council,
a private not-for-profit organization that supports voluntary family planning programs.
The second story was a stunner.
The Bush Administration, the Associated Report,
it is hindering, you read that correctly, AIDS prevention efforts.
For example, the website for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
logs included information on the effectiveness of condoms in preventing HIV.
It's been pulled.
In addition, the Department of Health and Human Services is reviewing agency spending
on AIDS prevention treatment and research.
The H.H.A.S. Inspector General's investigating at least 8 AIDS programs
to see their content is too sexually explicit or promote sexual activity
the AP reported last week.
From the Washington Post, the moves come as conservatives are pushing the White House
to emphasize abstinence programs.
President Bush has asked Congress to increase spending on abstinence only education
to $135 million a rise of roughly 33%.
The Administration's insistent on teaching abstinence without any scientific evidence
that it's effective reminds me of Nancy Reagan's just say no campaign against drugs
if only it were that easy.
Poll actor poll shows that most parents want their kids to receive comprehensive sex education.
The Sexuality Information Education Council of the U.S.
released a new poll last week showing that lower incomparations and guardians
overwhelming the support sex education that teaches all aspects of sexuality,
including preventing pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases.
As for national security, America is not threatened by its 1 million infected citizens
but what could happen if AIDS rains companies are the most productive citizens,
Wikens, governments and shreds of the social fabric.
As it is about a third of Russia's prospective military conscripts are ineligible
through to HIV or chronic hepatitis from drug use.
By 2010, the Global HIV burden could be 80 to 110 million cases the Intelligence Council says,
if that's true conservative ideologues are blocking prevention efforts
that it's a shocking and deadly revelation.
Let me read that sentence again.
If it's true that conservative ideologues are blocking prevention efforts
it's a shocking and deadly revelation
while Bush war planners worry about a rax door of lethal germs
the AIDS wave silently surges.
Right, it's Fran Hathaway in the yesterday's Palm Beach Post.
And there you go again.
The right wing lunatics are the ones controlling the agenda,
whether it's stem cell research, whether it's AIDS prevention,
whether it's sex education no matter what the hell it is.
These people, these good God-affairing Christians who certainly would never lie to us,
came in and stole a God damn election.
And now all of a sudden, you want to take over the whole God damn world,
not just the whole country, the whole world.
Maybe they can save all of us before Armageddon, you know?
Which I had, the rumor has it a week from my next circus.
It's going to be Armageddon.
Provinets afternoon at 5.60 WQA.
Well, that still gives you plenty of time to get to a new mattress and dial a mattress.
And then you can sleep soundly at night, you know,
with all these problems in the world, all this crap going on.
All these people that want to wish you into hell.
Just tell them to go to hell.
This pick up the phone and call 1-800-MACRUS.
That's all it takes.
That one easy phone call.
Maybe you'll get the best name brand mattress in an unbeatable price.
We're talking about everyday low prices.
You don't have to sit on pins and needles waiting for some special sale.
Because every day there are unbeatable prices on name brand mattresses like SIRTA.
Silly, Simmons, King Coral, and they got exactly the mattress you're looking for in stock,
ready for nearly immediate delivery.
And don't forget, speaking of delivery, you picked the day in the 2-hour window for your delivery
any day, seven days a week when it's convenient for you.
And please don't forget about the 30-day home comfort guarantee.
It's the only intelligent way to test out your new mattress.
So if the old mattress is handed, if you're not getting a great night's sleep every night,
get yourself the finest mattress that money can buy delivered right to your door.
In fact, they can be there still today.
Just pick up the phone and call 1-800-MACRUS.
1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S, and tell them that federal neoportion to call.
Or check them out on the web if you like it at mattress.com.
This is SportsWater.com.
This is SportsWater.com.
This is SportsWater.com.
This is SportsWater.com.
This is SportsWater.com.
Miami Town.
At 5-6-0 WQ-A.
Now all was red, make sure we're living safe.
The sex just ain't as good unless it's family.
Because all was red, next practice instead.
Now I'm my only uncle and it worries me.
My headhester took me with her back to her double wide.
What a deal, ain't got no wheels.
An incisive smell like something died.
Kiss my cheek and winked her eyes.
And said, we're all alone in the house.
But I got sick when she gave me a kiss.
Joined till back, go in her mouth.
All was red, next show love and says,
The sex just ain't as good unless it's family.
Because all was red, next practice instead.
So go meet my new wife, she's my niece.
I just got me a farm with horses, chickens, cows and pigs.
A four by four that I adore with tires and are too damn big.
The rear window it has a gun rack, that's where I keep my gun.
The rambles flag and the wife in the back.
My neck is red from too much sun.
All was red, next show love and says,
The sex just ain't as good unless it's family.
Because all was red, next practice instead.
My sister is the one over there, the dirty niece.
Every human's it's hard to chew.
Who's got the nicest too?
And I don't like the way my daddy is watching me.
Oh we're fine.
About 20 to 5 60 WQM we got the mad dog coming along at one o'clock.
He'll be you for today boy, he'll be dancing his pants.
Make no mistake about that.
He'll have seen the fight his dance in his pants and then we got Hank at three with who?
With that more at five.
And then you got her cool hotline from David Buster's 630 to 830 which is definitely so important.
And so highly sponsored and something that we have to wait to join in progress.
The Giants Braves game 5 of that playoff series tonight.
Do you understand that?
Well why am I asking you?
How about Carlos?
Does he understand that?
No, I have no interested baseball whatsoever.
No I'm not saying I'm interested in where that I'm going to watch it which neither one of those will be the case.
Although how about those twins?
The contraction kids I do like seeing that.
I did like seeing the Yankees lose.
Although I didn't watch one second.
I didn't watch one pitch of any of it because I'm with you.
Baseball is so boring man.
Especially now with hockey season starting this coming week.
In fact when the hell is it?
It starts Thursday night for Leafs Thursday Leafs at the Pittsburgh.
And what about the Panthers boys?
How's the Panthers doing?
Anybody know?
No.
Oh.
On your Panther station when anybody in the morning gets mentioned,
mentions anything about the Panthers or hockey.
Get shot in a spot.
That's the room where I'm here.
And I could be wrong about that.
The only person who's allowed to say anything about the Panthers is Orlando Mare.
Placement is down to 34 yard attempt by Orlando Mare is right down the middle.
At a boy, Orlando.
He kicks him far, eh?
Rhymes with.
I mean am I wrong?
Is he not a tagging or what?
I mean last time I checked he was a tagging.
See I remember Michael Parade, the actor remember him?
Yes.
He was a frog.
Right.
But his name I believe was Spell.
Well regardless of how it was spelled, he was French.
And it was pronounced Parade.
Right.
Parade.
Parade.
Parade.
Parou.
Oh, let's all go to Parou, what do you say?
Let's go to Lima or Lima, Ohio.
But the fact of the matter is that I don't know.
In fact, maybe Mad Dog will spend at least a half an hour on it instead of like throwing
about the goddamn game yesterday.
Because that gets, oh Ricky, this and Ricky, how about Jay Feedler?
How about that nice run he made for that touchdown?
Maybe sick to my stomach.
Nice Jewish boy with a big nose, huh?
He made that look like Tom Brady, but he played pretty damn good.
But nobody wants to give him any credit because it's a relentless goddamn town.
They hate you Jay.
You don't take it personal.
They hate you.
They give you no credit.
You could run the table when every other goddamn game.
And if you don't win the Super Bowl, they'll say it's all because of that big nose you
quarterback from Dartmouth.
That's what they'll say.
Make no mistake about that.
Oh, boy.
Then they want Danny back.
If Danny's got something left in the tank.
Remember that one?
Yeah.
Yeah, you do.
The Jimmy and Danny days.
If Danny's got something left in the tank on your Julio's, man.
Oh, God.
God.
Anyway, here's our poll speaking of Julio's.
Which of these do you believe in?
I should have put glory holes on here, you know, because there are a lot of Julio's in
highly, I believe in glory holes.
Once you dead your history, 139.
There's only one hell.
It's in South Florida, 102.
26.3% of this audience say that hell is alive and well.
And it's South Florida.
And I think you got a point.
Heaven and hell.
We got 46 people.
11% who believe in both heaven and hell.
Life after death, but no heaven or hell of 46.
Which I guess that means reincarnation and whatever.
Whatever.
All of the above.
All of those other possible, all those other pipe dreams.
Wishful thinking.
Only hell.
We still got the same 43 crank votes and there we had before.
I guess they gave up.
Good.
And only heaven, 11.
CA a little while ago was seven.
Now it's 11.
Oh, thank heaven for 7.11.
And what's going to be the next one to pop up?
I guess we better leave it there.
Okay.
Unless it's unleavened for pay soft.
Let's get some of that unleavened pizza.
Pizza Hut.
What do you say?
Pizza Hut.
I mean, a pizza lot.
Did I say pizza Hut?
Well, that's a Bokka Brian thing, you know.
Yeah, it is.
In fact, somebody ripped those spots on Mosho on Friday morning.
I think it was because of the Bobblehead dolls,
because 12 bucks or something like that.
And when it was tirade about QAM,
we should be in birth, playing the spot.
And I thought to myself,
hey, leave Bokka Brian alone.
Okay, he needs to make a few bucks.
Like he had something to do with that.
Yeah, right.
Leave him alone, leave the state.
Hey, don't play in the station for that.
We'll take anything.
We'll take gun shows and cults.
And we don't give a crap.
If somebody's got money, we'll take it.
And guess what?
So will you folks out there?
The same ones that are complaining about they don't like this spot?
If the agency came and said,
okay, we'll give you the cash instead.
He's okay.
I'll take it.
You wouldn't give a crap about Bobblehead dolls or anything.
And then Mo tried to deflect it by going into a big song and dance about how pizza Hut is so good.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, they sure have great pizza.
Yeah, right.
Yeah.
This is a guy who lived in New York.
Or go on like a 34th or 42nd street and get a slice of the best pizzas ever been made.
And he's raven about pizza Hut.
Next, he's going to be raven about the guy named Alavi Garden.
That'll be next.
Speak out of that.
What do you like to wash your pizza now?
How about some beer?
Okay.
Bartholona Spain.
You know, those Spaniards, man, they're a little, uh, I don't know.
They're strange.
It's either the Pamplona with the bull fights where people go over there to give Al Gord.
What's that big tomato fight all about?
Same, same crap.
They're bored, I guess.
Yeah.
Most people like their beer serve quickly, but how about a waiter who can move a frosty thirst
quench your 100 meters in 14 seconds?
Waders from throughout Spain gathered in Bartholona on Saturday to see if they were offered the task in the eighth annual National Waders race.
Some 160 waiters and two waitresses gave it their best on a sidewalk in Bartholona,
racing 100 meters with a trait carrying two glasses of beer plus a full bottle.
The day was strewn with beer tragedies as plenty of shattered glass and spill vlogger ended up on the concrete.
But the winner, Jose Luis Sorria, of nearby Tadagona, said a record time of 13.96 seconds earning first price of 600 euros,
which is, uh, 592 bucks and a trip for two to Hong Kong.
Can you believe the euro is actually past the dollar again now?
No, man.
That is depressing.
Love that good Canadian Naluni, man.
63 cents US.
That's what makes it good here.
That worthless Canadian Luni and the Tony.
Why don't we ever get with that?
Like lemonade dollar bills.
Oh, please.
Seriously, there's no dollar bill.
They smallest denomination years of five.
How about coins?
Why don't we gonna lose those things already?
I don't know, but we got coins up the ass here.
I can't stand it.
Like pennies.
Let's give it a pennies.
Please.
I got a drawer here and every day I go through my pocket and I pull out the pennies and the,
uh, the pennies and the nickels.
I want to use my debit card everywhere I go.
Just swipe it.
Just swipe it?
Well.
Or pay for it.
Yeah.
I'll never find us in time.
It's almost not even worth it.
Just rub it?
Yeah, that too.
26 past noon at 5.60.
I'm trying to lighten things up a little bit because it's a very depressing Monday.
You had that, uh, that speedboat, that fishing boat, whatever it was with La Bomba.
Several Bombas in it.
Hit the French tanker yesterday.
Spill an oil all over the goddamn place.
I'm the terrorist attack.
Which they don't want to talk about too much.
You got all these shootings going on, including the one this morning.
This teenager, the 13-year-old kid who was shot in the chest in abdomen and was airlifted
to a DC hospital in Maryland.
They're not very far from where the other shootings have taken place.
You got all this crap going on.
Then you got these crazy right-wing alluding, take board again, Christians who are trying to
bring on Armageddon.
You know, they're like in a big rush for it, huh?
Come on, let's have it this weekend.
Let's have a big party.
It is just sound like you overworked.
Yes, underpaid.
Stuck at a dead-end job.
Uh-huh.
Underappreciated.
Uh-huh.
Well, do yourself a humongous favor while we're still alive here before Armageddon comes.
Pick up the phone and call our good friends at Fastrain.
1-866, Fastrain leaving the call is free.
They'll be ecstatic to answer your questions and tell you about what they can do for you.
The demand for a certified computer professionals has never been bigger than it is right now, and
Fastrain can help you achieve that brand new career in as little as four months.
Fastrain is South Florida's largest certified Microsoft Training Center, and they've got locations all over town.
They're in Pemberpines, they're in Fort Lauderdale.
They remind me of that brand new location and highly congested, unacceptable kindle.
Fastrain offers convenient day, evening, weekend classes.
They've got a full-time job placement in the Department of Over 30 years experience.
So if you're sick and tired of being overworked underpaid, underappreciated, stuck at a dead-end job,
or maybe just out of work altogether, don't wait another minute.
Pick up the phone and call Fastrain at 866 Fastrain.
Think about it, in four short months you'll be on your way to becoming a high-paid computer professional in a career with greater earning potential.
Take my advice.
Pick up that thing, twist it, yank it, pull it, and the phone too, and call Fastrain tool free at 1-866 Fastrain.
That's 1-866 Fastrain or check them out on the web at Fastrain.com.
Line in local, here's Sports Radio 560s, you ain't.
You ain't.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Come along with me to blow up an abortion plane, eh?
To kill another doctor who is murdering a kid.
If you speak with a draw and have a bad attitude, then grab a can of gas and you can burn one down too.
A abortion clinic that is ain't nothing like the smell and nurses on fire.
Now if you drive a truck and wear a smelly hat, and don't know whether Jesus will come mad.
And after we've made the clinic explode, we'll go find a nigger and drag them down the road.
You'll be proud you're from the South Boy, double-wide, something-pride.
Now if there should be a woman trapped inside,
we'll rape her in the Asin Steelers first before she dies,
and they'll replace the Bible to Valetade.
Our barbarism ignorance and seething aid.
Inbred that is, fire up some garbage toons.
Now we are the Christian soldiers of God,
who like to wipe our ass with an old foreign god,
and when we're not burning churches or clinics,
now we play our bandos in the trees with penis in our mouth.
Oh, that's what Christians require right there in the old brown eyes.
What did he say something about rape?
I couldn't believe that.
It's not funny.
Huh?
Yeah, rape is not funny. What else wrong with that guy?
Yo, yo, yo, let's rape old, radio, big shot.
12.32 at 5.60 W.D.Q.A.M.
Happy Monday to you, as I feel a little bit better now.
The market's looking at the dowels up almost 100 points.
That's because of all the good news in the world, huh?
Right.
Another terrorist attack on a French tanker over here in Yemen.
People getting shot just going to school
or walking around at the shopping centers indiscriminately
by some unknown lunatic.
Things are really looking up, baby.
We got more and more corporate scandal.
Consumer confidence is dropping like a rock.
The president is going on the year tonight,
but didn't request network time,
so he's only going on the talking head channels like CNN,
MSNBC, and Fox News, which means he ain't going to say a damn thing.
Burn your jeans on CD for half a million bucks.
Here you go.
Anybody got a spare 500,000 in a round?
Mapping and reading J. Craig Ventures,
Genome took 15 years, five billion dollars,
and some of the world's most sophisticated computers
wouldn't you too like your Genome decoded?
I wouldn't mind.
Then he says he plans to offer the service
with the goal of burning individual humans in tired DNA sequences
on a shiny compact discs.
It'll cost about a half a million bucks per person
says the entrepreneurial scientist who helped decode the human genome.
Ventures hopes ultimately to mass produce gene CDs
like so many Bruce Prinstine CD,
I sure hope they're better than those.
That'll stock the shelves of every general practitioner's office
and be covered by insurance.
We were trying to push genomics to the $1,000 Genome vendor
sent a telephone interview with the Associated Press.
He said he's lined up several wealthy individuals
whom he declined to identify
who'll pay to have their genomes mapped
unless kick off what he said would be a nonprofit project.
With individual genomes available,
then doctors are expected to be able to prevent
and treat many diseases better.
Already genetic test can in term of some women
are overgrown to breast cancer than others.
Venter led the for-profit team in the race against government scientists
to decipher the human genome.
Both teams simultaneously announced
these successful sequencing of five human genomes,
including veterans,
in competing scientific papers last year.
Venture, former chief of genomics pioneer,
Solera, now runs three nonprofit ventures he founded.
Those three ventures are spending $30 million
to build a new gene sequencing center in Rockville, Maryland.
Did I say in Rockville, Maryland?
That's what you said.
Sorry, but that's what it says.
Which vendor expects to open by a year's end?
It's there that veteran other scientists will work on
putting individual genomes on optical storage media by next year.
Venter said the only way to mass-produce gene maps cheaply
is to simply get on with the work.
He claims his intention is not to get rich,
but to streamline the process to the poor
where insurance companies will pay for the CDs.
Wouldn't you like it if your insurance company paid for your CDs?
Yeah, man.
Or book a Brian's?
Even if insurers, and by the way,
speaking of bulk of Brian's, what's the story?
Oh, I don't know. I've even looked.
I mean, I know it's not.
It's on air. It says, one of these days you'll be able to buy it on here.
I'm getting a little bit, I don't want to start getting pushy,
okay? I'm sure it's not Eric's fault,
but I'm not so sure it's not Eric's fault.
You know, these people out there are chomping at the bit.
In fact, over the weekend, for about 30 seconds over the weekend,
I was thinking to myself the fact that all that money we could be raising
for wonderful dogs. Oh, you know what I saw?
What's that?
It was on the discovery.
Is there such a thing as the discovery history channel?
I don't know. They just, they've broken it down.
So anyway, it was the story of Lassie,
which was exactly one of my favorite shows.
They showed all the different Lassies,
and the fact that it was supposed to be a girl, but it was a boy,
because of the fact that they said that the reason the female colleagues
is a shed real bad, is that it?
Yeah.
One of the males have a larger puffier mane,
so they look better on TV, probably.
Yeah, that's probably part of it, too.
And I think they also said that,
that Denise Potman, before the hockey season,
starts, they had to give him a new dude, because he's been shitting.
I feel really, really, really, f***ing.
S.C., but at any rate, so, you know,
and that made me think, I watched that show,
and I saw these dogs, which are just amazing.
I mean, unbelievable animals,
and the way that they trained them,
and the different things that they could get them to do.
And I'm taking them myself all the money we could be raising again this year
for, if not the same sure it is last year,
which was, what was it last year?
A band of pet rescue.
A band of pet rescue?
There's so many other good ones for dogs, man.
Dogs are where it's at.
Dogs aren't running around, causing wars,
telling people what to believe,
talking about Armageddon, waiting for the end of the world.
Dogs aren't running around going,
little, little, little, little, like that.
I'm a big dog lover, man,
and in the fact we could be making all the reason all that money,
but we got a lot of lazy people around that building.
That's the problem.
That's the problem at QAM.
Nobody wants to lift a finger.
Oh, they want to lift a finger, all right,
but not the one you're hoping they'll lift.
They have no problem lifting that finger to you.
Tragedy.
Pathetic.
First year on what?
About 100 years on the show,
we haven't done a best of NEOCD.
Something like that.
First time in 600 years,
we haven't done a best of CD.
And right now, we'd be starting in two October,
November, December, right during the holidays.
All the people coming back later in November, December.
It's good for you to promotion,
it raises a lot of money for charity.
So in the meantime, we got Polka Brian,
is the best we can do,
which is a damn good one, by the way,
but you'll see the cover of it on there.
It's George W. in Condoleezza,
sharing a tender moment.
Restitution in Moe Bits, volume one.
Got great stuff on there, including...
Yo, yo, yo, let's rape all.
And lots more good Moe Bits.
And one of these days, if we get lucky enough,
maybe you might actually be able to click on there
on thearrogers.com and buy the damn thing.
I don't know, in time for Christmas.
In time for a year, in time for Armageddon,
the year from Sukus.
That's next service, by the way.
This year's has already gone.
Oh, man, start to break out into a sweat.
Next, Sukus.
22 to 1 at 5, 6, but you know something?
Maybe we can avert it by getting rid of all the evil doors
between now and then, you think?
Well, that's right.
I forgot.
The evil doors were supposed to be happy about them,
because they're going to be the conduit to Armageddon.
That's right.
The conduit to ecstasy, to the rapture, baby.
We're looking for the rapture.
Squirt, squirt.
Or the rapture is one of the other.
With your busy lifestyle, you eat all the energy
you can to feel healthy.
And olio-medazard product, that'll help you do that.
Olio-medazard's a tremendous new product.
You know who ought to be taking olio-medazard is a skippy there.
We ought to take about 4,000 olio-medazard and stuff them in his ass.
Olio-medazard contains pharmaceutical-grade olivore
along with good stuff in there, baby.
Vitamin, minerals, and herbals.
And like I've been telling you for a very, very long time now,
they make a separate product to help different parts of your system.
There's one specifically designed to help your heart.
One to help control your blood pressure.
One for your cholesterol and your prostate.
One for your circulatory system.
Your digestive endocrine system.
Your skin and your bones.
Even your mind's skippy.
Start topping them baby like M&Ms.
All using the benefits of the best dollar board you'll find anywhere in olio-medazard.
We always study mixed products for men.
And some specifically geared to help you ladies out there as well.
I wonder how skippy's doing with the ladies.
Olio-medazard available all over town.
Fix them up at Whole Food Markets, Walgreens, Sedanos, and Navarro Pharmacies.
Or get more information about it.
Just when you call that toll-free number,
tell them Skippy, totally to call.
They will laugh their ass off.
Call toll-free 1-866 olio-medazard.
That's 1-866 olio-medazard.
And don't forget you can get more information in order of their product out there.
It's through Pinnis website too.
Olio-medazard.com.
My life and look all.
Fixes for 205 city.
You know what I'm doing.
Yeah.
Oh, and you know something?
What happened?
Oh yeah, I know.
I got so frantic.
No one I knocked that thing off.
Well, no, I was like a very emotional about whatever it was saying here.
And I was like, oh, it was because of Skippy.
Because of that piece of crap.
Now what the hell was I just going to play that?
I'll never find it again.
I had something so damn important that I was going to play the food right in.
I'll never find it.
No, it wasn't pussy in a well.
I don't you understand that just came up?
I'm not playing no pussy in a well.
I heard that.
I'm not playing it.
I don't start coming up with that pussy stuff.
You're the one.
Yeah, I hit it by accident.
Believe me if I hit it, you know.
414 votes on the survey.
Which of these do you believe in, huh?
All you religious people out there?
Yeah, that's my response to you.
In fact, I'm going to just do that on the year four hours a day.
And make a hell of a lot more sense than all these damn crazy goy-mouther.
All these are religionists.
You pick the one, okay?
You pick the Orthodox Jews and the fundamentalist Christians and the fundamentalist Muslims.
They're all crazy and they're dangerous.
I wouldn't mind so much if they were crazy if they were not so dangerous.
They're freaking dangerous.
Then the more religious they are, the more dangerous they become.
And the more power they get like they got now,
well, the whole country is being run, the whole world is being run.
I mean, that the Pox Americana thing that he came out with last week, that's just insanity.
The Maimaniac, the Bush doctrine.
Anyway, which of these do you believe in?
We have four to 18 votes.
Once you've dead your history, 154, and guess what?
That's the correct answer, 37%.
There's only one hell in it.
South Florida, 113, 27%.
Another very good answer.
Heaven and hell, 50, sorry, on both counts.
Life after death, but no heaven or hell, 46.
Also, wishful thinking.
Only hell is a phony vote.
And only heaven, 12 votes.
Ah, how do we say 7, 11 or 9, would 12?
12.
Serve yourself at the, huh?
I heard it.
Something about shelf.
It's on a shelf at the, I don't know, 7 and 12.
We don't have no 7 and 12.
We do have some nice 24 hour markets, though, including my supermarket here.
Boy, it's a beautiful day for the Irish and the Jews and the Muslims and everybody else here in the Chinks.
Sonny in 52 right now.
What's wrong with that?
Nice, crisp fall weather, you know, jacket weather?
No humidity, nice breeze out there.
Low to nice, gonna be 40.
Pope canonizes controversial Opus Day founder before one of the largest Vatican crowds in history.
Vatican City.
Pope John Paul made a saint on Sunday of Jose Maria Escriva de Balaguerre,
the controversial founder of the conservative Roman Catholic group Opus Day
before one of the biggest crowds ever, they flood the Vatican.
I wonder if he's related to Olinda Mares.
About 300,000 soberly dressed pilgrims from 80 countries,
built St. Peter's, square and spilling the surrounding piazzas,
for the ceremony in front of Christendom's largest church.
We declare the blessed Jose Maria Escriva de Balaguerre a saint,
and include him in the anils of saints, the globe robe,
the gold-robed Pope said.
Oh, I say that at the 50 times fast.
The gold-robed Pope.
Reading from a Latin formula, he hears the faithful to follow in his Scrivas footsteps
and seek God in everyday life.
Oh, God.
Escriva is the 468 Saint for Climbite Pope John Paul,
who's declared more saints than all of his predecessors in the last four centuries
combined.
Man, he's really got that thing moving.
Thousands of pilgrims turn out for the canonization of the Spanish priest
who taught that Catholics could be saints by living completely ordinary lives
and seeking holiness and everything they did, whether as a banker or a baker.
Escriva founded Opus Day, which means God's work in Spain, 1920.
There are now 1800 Opus Day priests, the rest of the 84,000 members worldwide,
are ordinary Catholics, many of them professionals.
For me, he was important as he managed to bring holiness in everyday life.
He showed we can all be saints in Maria Sierra Romulan,
who traveled from Spain for the ceremony after the cockfights.
But in the years leading up to Escriva's 1992 B. Attification,
the last step before Saint Opus Day was frequently accused of having a dangerous,
secret, fundamentalist agenda.
Absolutely correct.
The group appears to have gradually opened up to outsiders,
and even past critics have acknowledged that one of those who continue to criticize Opus Day
is Kenneth Woodward, author of the book, Making Saints,
how the Catholic Church determines who becomes the saint, who doesn't and why.
Recently, he wrote that Opus Day's wealth and influence have silenced most opponents,
even admirers know little about the inner workings of this church within the church he said.
Supporters say the group is simply misunderstood.
Part of the controversy surrounding Opus Day is that some of its laymembers make commitments
similar to the ones taken by priest and nuns,
even though they work at ordinary jobs.
On Sunday, the group's conservative nature was evident as huge crowds,
many from Spain and Latin America, calmly made their way in the St. Peter's Square.
The pilgrims mood was markedly different from those of the canonization of mystic Italian monk Padre Pio.
And you remember that?
No.
And you still don't know who to help Padre Pio is.
No.
You better get with it.
The Stigmata guy.
Oh, that guy, yeah.
That's right.
Markably different from those of the canonization of mystic Italian monk Padre Pio
and Jewelman, far work street hawkers, and loud cheers with the norm.
They were solemn.
They were sombre yesterday.
As Scriver died in 1975 and by 1992 was declared a blessed of the church.
In a record speed, at the time, doing great parts of the Pope's streamlining of these St. Hood process.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
The Pope's streamlining of the St. Hood process.
You could be a saint in 15 minutes.
It's good for business.
The Pope is shown on his day, great favor.
His books and Joaquin Aavoro Voles is one of the group's best known members,
who is a real far-bitching at Joaquin.
The daily life of a christian who has faith when he works at a rest or sleeps in all moments
is a life in which God has always pressing the Pope's idea yesterday, siding His Scriver.
to reach out to the huge crowd the 82 year old Ponyf was driven down along the
long avenue from St. Peter's to the river and back.
Oi! How do you like that, huh?
I don't.
1248 at 560 WQ. Let me mention again what's that thing called here?
In the zone. Oh. In the zone delivery dot com.
No, seriously I was very excited about that because when I get back the first thing I want to do
is get on balance for life again and then the second thing I do after we want to
like beat the crap out of the beast.
How is he doing? Is he okay now?
What do you mean? I'm sure he made a rapid recovery from noise.
Oh, his illness still haven't had an update about that.
Well, no, I'm sure he did because he had all that hurricane stuff through one
Saturday. He doesn't be sick when he's got
hurricane stuff. Maybe that killed him. Maybe that put him over the edge.
Yeah, mobile find out tomorrow morning. I guess when he does the
updates since the moment going to be there.
That's the only reason he's going to be allowed to be in there with
gold.
Yo, yo, yo, let's rate home.
Anyway, if you want to lose some weight in an effective way that really works
and have delicious food, see one of the problems when you're out in any kind of
a plan is you don't know what to eat.
You know what I'm saying? Oh, yeah, I know.
You go into the store or you go to a restaurant, you know, like I don't know.
Can I eat this? Too many carbs, too many calories.
Their sugar is all kind of cramp in there.
And you know, damn well, you're not going to lose weight eating all of these
things. But at balance for life, you know, you can
do everything in your little black sack and at the end of a period of
time, generally a short period, you're going to watch that weight come pouring
off your body like the beast is lost 53 pounds.
It was 55 till mommy and daddy took them on another cruise and they tried to
kill him.
See, if he had some balls, which he doesn't have any, if he had a little pair of
balls, he'd say to mommy and daddy, hey,
they're trying to kill me. I'm making great progress here. Okay.
So, quote with enough of the cruises already, they suck anyhow.
Anyway, no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no
counter-recounting, no carbohydrate counting, based on the zone diet, which is the
principal that's all about, but they bring you a little black sack every
morning by six o'clock at eight o'clock. And inside that sack is all a food
for the whole day. And you pick between two choices for each meal.
I'll give you a little menu, you fill it out.
Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, a little 69-spot water with
energy, started on drinks. And believe me, you'll be full because there's plenty
of food in there, not little tiny bird-like portions, and nothing frozen,
nothing prefabricated, everything is fresh, delicious, made with the best
ingredients that money can buy. So, let balance for life help you lose weight,
the effective end of delicious weight, it really works as opposed to all that
other quackery that's going on out there to exploit all you desperate fat people.
Check up the phone and call balance for life at 954-568-3229.
I can be my personal guarantee. In a very short time, you'll look, I
hell of a lot better than the beast. 954-568-3229, or visit their website at
balanceforlife.com.
My, my, and local, this is 430-568-2-A.
Moking it out in the Everglades.
All right.
You can get somebody to believe in.
I think what you make is a Bible say it's true.
On the spot, no matter what you do, you can be good.
On the Lord will always forgive you.
Pick up the poison and snake.
So God will say, wave it all around.
God will say, find a portion's limits.
And God will say, and shoot a doctor down.
Everybody, free your law with free faith.
Come on, you will always be publicish.
Be the crop out of your kiss.
A Bible say, or do the right of me bow.
A Bible say, or the still from it.
A Bible say, and pass it later out.
A Bible say, and fight all the chicken face.
About what you make a sacrifice.
You've got the hind of it now.
256-560-WQ.
I don't forget to join the overnight boys,
Jo and Mark.
I noticed in the promos,
the overnight boys are supposed to be dirty boys.
There's some special reason for that.
No.
Oh.
Tonight from 9 to 11, a guest bee's in candle.
Stop by to win prizes and enjoy crown-world specials.
It's Monday Night Football, pretty crappy matchup.
Whose plan?
The Bears Against the Packers.
Oh.
Well, yes, if you like a 9 to 7 game, you know.
Those NFC simple games always just pull me into a coma.
Anyway, I won't be watching,
but you can watch it there and have a good time
and the bus there balls doing Mark while you're at it.
Monday Night Football, a guest bee's tonight from 9 to 11.
Well, why 9 to 11?
I mean, the gaming is going to be over by 11.
I guess they got to go to do the show, right?
Right.
There you go, good thinking.
Thank you.
Oh, I saved this for last from TomPain.com.
What a good website that is.
Marty Gieser, J-E-Z-E-R.
You think he's kind of like Gieser Pete or Gieser Christ?
Gieser Christ could be.
Anyway, Marty Gieser's books include Abby Hoffman, American Rebel,
who lives in Battleburg, Vermont, and he writes,
Case dismissed, anti-war voices can trump Bush's
failed-or-back policy on TomPain.com.
He says, our country is in serious trouble,
increasingly isolated in the world,
lied to by our government and the thrall of a cabal
of any logical-driven hawks who've been on the wrong side
of every major event in recent times.
Even real conservatives, especially conservatives,
ought to be worried.
Conservatives stand for prudence, caution,
and respect for tradition and history.
The Bush administration is anything but conservative.
With little debate and no justification,
it's overturned a 50-year tradition
of seeking allies and building coalescence
in support of foreign policy.
It normally ignores the away-ended
disparities of allies,
but insists on right to attack any government
that for the moment challenges our political dominance
and disagrees with our economic priorities.
As we abandon the more reasonable aspect
of our foreign policy,
we embrace the more blatant failures
instead of learning from past errors,
we repeat them thinking that smart bombs
can override the mistakes of dumb people,
to what we supported been logged against the Soviets.
Now he's our enemy.
Sodom was his he is today a thuggish dictator
when he was making more and dropping chemical weapons
on Iran, but we supported him.
Which Iraqi factions will we arm to overthrow Sodom?
And how can we be sure that they too won't become our enemy?
The issue is not our ability to defeat Iraq militarily.
The issue is what we plan to do after we bomb Iraq into rubble.
Ignorant seems to be a guiding principle
along the administration's hawks.
Dick Cheney supported South African apartheid
and voted against a congressional resolution
to free Nelson Mandela from prison.
According to Francis Fitzgerald in the New York Review of Books,
Cheney didn't trust Soviet premier Gorbachev
and advised President Reagan to keep up cold war pressure
rather than encourage Gorbachev's reforms.
Richard Pearl, the guru of Bush's bomb now think later,
brain trust once advised former Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu
to make a clean break with the Oslo peace process.
He and others in the Bush administration,
including Defense Secretary Rumsfeld,
are on record as opposing a Palestinian state.
Is this how the Bush administration express to get Islamic support
towards get-sautom policy?
Rumsfeld's assistant secretary of defense
for International Security JD Crouch
called in 1995 for a preemptive military slack in North Korea
and attacked that would have brought
war to the entire Korean peninsula.
I wonder how Sodom feels being a backup target?
Rumsfeld's undersecretary of arms control
international affairs, John Boston,
is an outspoken opponent of the UN.
Most recently, he lied about Cuba having weapons
of mass destruction merely to take a chief shot
at former President Carter.
Thus is the case against Iraq measured and made,
petty and ignorant men are running our foreign policy.
On every issue of importance,
the men making the administration's policy
have been factually and morally wrong.
Though they think they'll do any better in Iraq 101,
of course, I'm restructuring Iraq after the US invasion.
Don't bet the future on it,
but that's the way your Bush is making.
Shamelessly, the administration again floats the idea
that Sodom was behind Al Qaeda's terrorism,
besides lacking evidence that makes no sense.
As the New York Times Nick Christoff reminds us
in October 1st,
Kalamir Rack is one of the few Middle East Islamic countries
where women have equal rights.
I'm key fundamentalist issues of religion
and social policy,
Iraq under Sodom,
represents everything that Taliban and Al Qaeda hate.
It's conceivable that bin Laden and Sodom
become allies against the US.
But if this is so,
it's an alliance of opportunity forge
after 9-11 a consequence
of Bush's blunderbuss militaristic policy.
I may go over a few seconds too bad.
Paul's indicate great eyed prevalence
about going to war.
The cave in by many congressional Democrats
has resolved a political cowardice
not the pressure of public opinion.
A movement is going to stop the country
from going to war.
It needs to be an inclusive citizens movement
that looks beyond the reach
of existing peace and anti-war organizations.
What's needed is a commitment
to civility and persuasion
or reaching out to all citizens
to matter where they stand on other issues.
When the bombs start falling,
another perspective will come into play
until then we need to be the voice
of reason in a national debate.
The Bush administration is...
