Ginger Rogers coming up next with Hagridorn
Then the mad dog then the hammers back Randy McMichael to join him
Pants the preview tonight the game the night 80 K taken book on whether or not join Mark show up from two to six the dirty boys
Have a nice day in paradise everybody on Q&A with the sewer of this place and place a cat and mouse game with the police
Sniper man sniper man
Friendly neighborhood sniper man when we get him he will fall and come up by the hair of his balls on the lookout for that sniper man
sniper man sniper man gonna get just sniper man on your ass
Charlie moose you'll have your testicles in a news look out
There is the sniper man chief moose to the person who left us a message you gave us a telephone number
We do want to talk to you call us at the number you provide public dialogue continued the person you call
But not here everything that you say call us back so that we can clearly understand we want to get it right
He's too sneaky listen, but he's only out for the spill of blood when the case is finally cracked
What up my son is mortal sack back up
Where is the sniper man now?
Look everywhere we can now
Where is the sniper man
902 at 560 WQA I'm happy Tuesday too. Well, I tell you got a little bit of a moment. We did have
Don't speak too fast a little bit of blue sky a little bit of sunshine
And that's kind of like how to know for again, but gonna be a heatwave 43 today. Oh, and tomorrow. Oh strong with that
Nothing I like it. I like it myself you feel invigorated
I don't want to keep rubbing that in anyway
We had a zillion phony votes on a pool mostly this morning. Well, I'll tell you see it's easy to see why the bushmeisters can win
All these elections with phony votes because they all pour them in their right at the end when it comes to most and
Did not look at that total maybe?
You people I got a great sense of humor. I'll tell you that
1394 votes
Remember Ketsan you we might actually reach 1100 yeah, and then we're sitting talking and I said you know
We might actually reach 1200 with all these phony bush votes pouring in here and we got to almost 1400
In fact if we were at a couple minutes we can get to an even 1400 almost 200 in like an hour
If they and they were all for Bush not that their phony you understand divorce
They're hysterical because there's such an important poll
If the 2004 presidential election pits president Bush against Al Gore I vote for Bush
616 now keep in mind when I sat down here this morning at 645
655
Bush was eight votes ahead of Gore and it kind of lead our last night flip flop back and forth
He was eight ahead now he winds up 164 and 18 is 180 votes ahead
Bush 16
Gore 436 I blow my brains out 166
I wouldn't vote at all 96 and I'd leave the country 80 out of nearly 14 member votes some of which a few of which were actually for real
By the way my best thanks to my good-close personal friends Dick Feinberg and Steve Wolf at Poppano Park who sent me something really nifty
I'm not gonna tip the on the on the air what it was
But something really nifty to wear when I come back to town so that I can impress everyone who's not too pleased with my
Apparel with my personal appearance with your gear with my gear. Yeah. Don't bring him into it. Welcome
So anyway, thanks to Dick and Steve it'll be worn. It'll be oh and guess who died. What do you already know? Yeah
What a shame. He was a good actor although we haven't seen him in a long time right I in a coons age James cober dead at 74
Did you see what happened? That a hard hard attack. Yeah, just he was sitting at home listening to music with his wife in Beverly Hills
California had a massive hard attack and croaked fell right over he was 74
He was a great actor. Yes, he was
Mr. Coburn won his best supporting acting Oscar for the 1998 film
Uh, a fiction
Never saw that did you neither now after overcoming a 10-year struggle with arthritis to let one hand crippled
Born in Laurel Nebraska, August 31, 1920 study acting in Los Angeles and with Stella Everett in New York
He appeared on stage in New York and in such dramatic TV series as Studio One and GE theater in 1950s
All those were great long before you guys were born
Great live drama something on her to today. Yeah, what's that?
See in this business about why you old parts you live in the past well part of that is true
But the fact is early TV because it was all live or most of it was live. It was great
You said these live dramatic presentations
Like we just got through same playhouse 90 that was another one
Etc. And so on any rate they played the sidekicks and villains and cowboys and this one and that one and he cashed it on the James
Mania with humorous spice boosts a one arm and flint and in like flint
Such films as the president's analyst which he also produced the second world world world escape
Epic the greatest escape and golden girl etc. And so on in the 1980s he all but disappeared from the screen with the onset of arthritis
He said he'd healed himself with pills that had a sulfur base his knuckles remained girl
Gnarled
Gnarled, but he said in the 1999 interview the pain was gone
They remain gnarled
So James coburn is dead and it just goes to show you okay
He's sitting there listening to music in his home with his wife
He didn't have like any extraordinary thing going on and massive heart attack it like these days
So enjoy it why you can folks because one of these days you're gonna be dead
Take it to the bank. There's Richard Butler on her. He makes me sick. He makes me want to croak
Oh, and I never fact you the pool today did I nope? Well, it's not that hard. I'm sure Eric can handle it
Before we get to all of these things and we got a crap load of stuff today speaking of crap by the way
I think you know we would take a pool on the worst chronic collar of all time
But it's not it's not necessary to be a waste of time
Because Dennis who is obviously listening right now and squeezing himself here his name on here
You are the all-time chronic not just on this show on every show on every station
Did you tell me you heard him on NPR one day? Yes. Yes. I mean get a life baby
Yes, we as those rosary beads do something that he was Dennis it you getting into the rambling mode now
We need you to get to the reason we need you like to cut this off
Let me make two last point very quickly
One time a guy was gonna make an invocation. He was told
Don't use the name of Jesus Christ in the invocation
But at that time the man who was telling him that his papers blow away and he said oh Jesus Christ Jesus Christ
So you can use the name Jesus Christ
Jesus Christ
Jesus Christ
When we start point now about here we go then he's crying like that might never thing we don't have to look any further than the
Rogers on WQAM
Okay, but if he talked to Neil Neil, tell you that's part of his stick
Yeah, but you know something a stick one man's stick I didn't say I agreed with it
I'm just saying that that's the answer you'll get I know you don't agree with it Howard and I respect you for that
And the day you started green with Neil right?
Listen to your show, right, but everybody has their own stick and my point is the WQAM
Trying to see you be a shut up
Nigger's women bitches and everything else. He forgot cool is interesting that we
Look at our old backyard, which is WQAMs does the Neil Rogers, but thanks for taking the call
Hey Dennis. I appreciate the the novel. Yeah, the novel is right and that wasn't a very novel experience
So there's our good friend Dennis you ought to have a regular feature on this station every day
You know what the professional Catholic militant anti-Neuroders homophobic hour even like an hour every day
He can pay us he can buy the time and he knows something I bet he would do it
Yeah, a man who needs serious assistance serious assistance
I know this mow is kind of mellowed out a little bit lately. I get the audience probably don't like that too much
Because the South Florida audience they like hate they like like that. They love it. They feed on it
Now there was an incredible experience. I had yesterday channel surfing in fact some of your most enjoyable experiences come channel surfing
You've even noticed that sure of course when you flop upon something by accident
Nothing wrong with sometimes flopping on something by accident and I'm I was in the middle of guiding light
No less, which I don't know right now. It's so heavy duty
And I flip over during a commercial break to CNN and that awful talk back live show just to see if the world is still spinning around
While still going to be alive by the end of the day
And they're carrying on about how Fox News is all slanted to the far right and about Roger Ailes and yada yada
And I got the great story on this for these New York Daily News and
Same things that I've been saying all along
So we'll talk about that briefly in it inspired my pool today
Also speaking of things I've talked about for years and I don't practice what I preach unfortunately
I'm good at talking like losing weight, but I'm not so good at doing it
Study finds atkins died may have surprising benefit on cholesterol and everybody in their brother now including that doctor
Gupta on CNN this morning there
Tell me atkins died. How do you like that?
And telling you the same didn't I say years ago that brought my cholesterol and triglycerides way down
Da
That's what I just said. I know I like saying that
Gupta doctor doctor Gupta
Yeah, though he didn't say gupta don't start with that stuff again. Okay, because then more say Jesus Christ
Okay, if he says it and it's okay if he says it then it's because then it's not blasphemed
At any rate here. Here's our pull question today
Which TV network slants the news the most
And I listed them here in alphabetical order Eric so it ought to be very easy for you
Which TV network slants the news the most?
Ready?
Ready abc
CBS
CNN
Fox
MSNBC
NBC
None of them or all of them what a magnificent pull again as we touch all of the bases, you know
Even very bonds never touched all the bases the way we do on this show
Which TV network slants the news the most?
ABC
CBS
CNN
Fox
MSNBC
NBC none of them or all of them
Got a heavy of plate today got a lot of stuff of course we might have to take a couple of calls just to pacify the
You know the call of in crown
Might have to take a few of those today maybe
Huh maybe Dennis will call well. You'll see how long that call will last
Do not call us again Dennis. Okay call all the other shows see how long you're gonna be on here evidently
Mo Mo likes the chronics it kills him good time. He's catching on
But don't waste your efforts calling here again
Because the calls all and it was my fault was it yesterday what day was it that he called with that crap about the
How come you're afraid to talk to people to see we had always either starts out with that or can we talk about anything today
Which of course trans then fact the very first day I started taking calls again
That must have been the day that he was foaming at the mouth. Can you imagine the excitement?
He was probably probably had both hands in his back comb, huh? Are you a think so?
Oh, yeah, he was squeezing himself. He was so excited
Can we talk about anything? Oh sure. Well, what is it gonna be catholic church or homophobia or both?
Which one's gonna be Dennis? Get some help. Okay, like I'm gonna tell this audience for years. There are no callers
There are smattering of real callers and generally speaking the base of it is about the same 50 to 100 misfits
No lives people would know like for all who wait for not only a few minutes
But for hours and hours on hold just for their few minutes of fame or seconds of fame on a year
And that clip I played this morning. That was only a very small part
Which is why Mo was getting agitated there was like a novel on the year like get to the point get with it. Okay, you idiot
12 minutes after nine at five sixty WQ I'm looking at Eric wasted no time boy. Look at that on my page
He's already got that up there. He is on top of it, baby
He loves having all those uh
All those zidian hits on a website. What does he make about a hundredth of a cent for each one?
A thousand I think he's got a shirt with Carlos now because Carlos is threatening to take over the website
That's the rumor I'm hearing
12 minutes after nine at five sixty. Well, he needs something to augment that meager paycheck
He gets from QM once in a couple of months
Check out drag concepts website www.dragconcepts.com and you'll see exactly what it is that they do for you
I've been explaining to you for over 20 years on this show in fact
They're one of our longest standing sponsors on this program
Why because I've been using them in my home for that long they do a spectacular unbeatable job a cleaner or
Not only your crop. It's put your draper in your furniture or oriental rugs
They do uh water damage restoration if you got pet orders like I have in my house thanks to that little book
They do a super job of making them go away
And when I tell you they dry clean your carpets what it really boils down to is they make them look just like brand new when they get done
Your carpets are drying a couple of hours. They smell lemony fresh and it looks just like he had brand new
Layed on the floor and carpeting too and with the holidays coming and all those guests coming in time
You're gonna want to have everything looking in tip top shape
So do the smart thing and don't forget to give you a written guaranteed price
Before they stop to start the job for you so there's no a rip-offs
No sad story at the end of the game
Pick up that thing and call them toll free from anywhere
1-800-248-5071 and if you've never used them before I guarantee you'll be shocked if they stupendous job
They do for it a guaranteed fair price every time
1-800-248-5071 clean today and retain tonight not just an advertising slogan
It really is their business at dry concepts
My and lo this is for 305-60
You ain't kill Nicole
Jesus Christ
Oh there is a girl in extra wide jeans
A girl who's head weighs a ton
And she's living with the women at the funny play toys
In the house of the ladies
Reels
When she was young at a restaurant with a boy
He didn't know that she was gay
Until he noticed each time they went out
She went for the seafood buffet
Just look at all those in stike
Sisters now just look what they have done
Long minute she comes home from work through that door
Well off her bed
She's come
She laid it down to stop publishing the rosy mag left a laid off staff not paid
And Rosie's girlfriend who's pregnant right now
I guess she just only got laid
There is a girl with extra wide jeans
And retain her seas become
And she goes by the name of Rosie
Oh deep in the house of the ladies
Be on
No, not about that. Oh that's right. That's okay
I 20 at 560 everybody here now again let's set the tone here and see if we're going to be taking many calls today
I doubted anyway because I got a full plate. I got a heavy agenda. This is important V. Tello
Morning, Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing buddy? Great. Hey listen real quick. I'm an internet listener
Listen always on the internet. Excuse me. I don't know if you know this but on the internet when you guys break for local commercials
We don't get that transmission over the internet because they're listening
Right, but they filled the time with Hank
Hank shows which is not a problem, but they're so old. I mean you're listening to stuff that happened weeks ago
I thought we filled that time with music
No, no, no, no, no, no you've been no it's it's filled with Hank and he's talking to Bino
He's talking to play you know
Yeah, and and you got to listen to it and it's over and over to him
So I was just wondering why for your show they don't put like one of your best local stuff
And you know we get to listen to it on the internet
Why can't we just put why can we fill out with music you guys don't fill it with music
You guys money on with your George is that on our end or is that the Eric doing I have no idea. Oh must be an RN
All right, that's informative because we don't know because we certainly don't listen to our own show on the internet
That's what I thought was on our end here at the station and with all I'd say on our end
That's what I think we can verify. See
Well, let's butch them up a little bit. Okay. It's probably that Bob. Oh, yeah
If he spent less time belly-hacking about screw-in and
More time worrying about pushing up everything that we're trying to do make it a little bit more professional and enjoyable for the audience
That's what it's supposed to be. You see as free entertainment
That's what it is and getting back to that dentist comments since he's jumping on the bad wagon along with Fox and all the other right wing
Assholes which she you know he is an asshole
Regardless of which wing we're talking about in his case
But the fact of the matter is this is not a show
And Heather I'm sure you're not listening because you already done your deed, you know
But if she would have been listening like I tried to tell her this is this is not a show
He can come in a town or or go on the internet and listen to for one or two days and get the flavor of the show
How many times over the years of people called it and said oh when I first heard you I thought you were real big
I thought you were real asshole
I thought and then after listening for a while I caught on to it even Moe is catching on now
Which like I said the audience and too happy about that because they want World War four
But the fact of the matter is you got to listen for a while and then all of a sudden you say hey
Guess what that is a stick that is what the show is
And the fact that the show has been on their market almost 27 years now and people aren't like tearing a goddamn building down
They understand that they get it whether it's black people whether it's gay people whether it's Jews whether it's fixed
Whatever the hell it is they get it. That's the way the show is okay. It's it's mostly a comedy show
Like I keep telling you we're not gonna solve the problems in the world on some stupid ass radio show
There's nothing to be more ponderous than some
Compass jackass that gets on radio and thinks they're gonna change the world
Unless of course they're on 7,000 stations like fat ass limbaugh or somebody like that who can do a lot of damage and he already has
You follow what I'm saying. What are you saying? I don't know
But it sure kills him good time. No, it's just it's just my response to those people who want to
Just tremendous effort to say well and he's talking to a guy that it's constantly saying the same damn thing
Jesus Christ. Yeah, so how come he can say that's okay
But if I say that's like oh, it's the second religious yeah over and over again, you know
Take the Lord's name and vein my ass. Okay. Yeah, good right see what I'm saying
Which TV network slants the news the most our pull is up. We have 84 votes already in a heartbeat
Fox 26 those Nazis at Fox those fascist at Fox you're not kidding anybody. I got that Roger Elstor in a second here
You're not fooling anybody anymore
And I never thought I would say it to these certainly not news network over there at CNN
But I my kudos to them for finally butch enough a little bit and strike it back yesterday
Attacking the so-called uh, what what's that slogan they use?
Who all balanced? What a fair and balanced oh like I tell you it should be unfair and unbalanced all spin all they because that's what it's all about
It comes right from the guy then bush white house
Anyway, which TV network slants the news the most Fox 26 CBS 19 CNN 16 which I don't see that at all. I don't understand that
See to me CNN is like vanilla pudding. It's it's not liberal. It's not conservative. It's not it's not anything. It's bland
You find a bias on CNN? No
Other than being anti-Semitic, which you probably enjoy. They're not interested. They're apologists all of them 14
Yeah, right. Yeah, well here goes changing again right in the midstream
I don't have time for this Fox 33 CBS 26 all of them 21 CNN 20 ABC 6 MSNBC 2 NBC 2 and none of them zero zero nobody says none of them
Here's a cute facts as for yesterday's pull most of my votes
I blow my brains out were from Palm Beach a strong haven for Gore apparently when the mouse pointed to what they thought was
Where they inadvertently voted for I blow my brains out. I smell Catherine Harris
That's cute. I like it. I think we can all smell her. Yeah about 10 miles away that bitch
Oh, that's right the congresswoman Catherine Harris or whatever it will she is
Roger ails a key media advisor to Republican presidential candidates before we became a hard-charging head of Fox news in
1996 denied yesterday that he crossed the line and offered political advice to president Bush after 9-11
ails wouldn't release a copy of a memo
He sent to White House political strategies Carl rove
But insisted his message was incorrectly described by journalist Bob Woodward in his new book Bush at war
According to Woodward ails note which rove took to Bush had to be confidential because the Fox news head was not supposed to be getting political advice
His back channel message the American public would tolerate waiting and would be patient
But only as long as they were convinced that Bush was using the harshest measures possible and response to the terror attacks Woodward rights
ails tried to shoot down the implication that he had advised the president just as he counseled Bush's father in his 8892 runs for the White House
In the days following 9-11 our country came together in nonpartisan support for the president ails said in the statement
During that time I wrote a personal note to White House staff member as a concerned American citizen
Expressing my outrage over the attacks on our country. I did not give up my American citizenship to take this job
If the report is accurate he crossed the line his first responsibility as to his audience not to his president said Andrew Tindall whose Tindall report tracks TV news coverage
Woodward appeared to soften the impact of his reports saying though is through his publisher that ails called him and there's no dispute between them
It's a non-issue with this point at the very meeting mouth Woodward is stuck by his reporting
Unlike many TV news personalities who once worked in politics ails 62 at times straddle to two worlds
The media guru on Richard Nixon's victorious presidential campaign in 68 he later advised GOP candidates for the House and Senate while serving as executive producer of tomorrow
NBC's late-night interview show with Tom Snyder
Ha ha ha ha
In 1992 while preparing a TV show featuring Rush Limbaugh ails claimed he was out of politics and said his contract with the program barred in from political counseling
However, he privately urged Bush's reelection campaign to get tough and help the president prepares acceptance speech of the Republican convention
except for MSNBC editor-in-chief Jerry Nockman
The heads of competing networks to find a comment yesterday
Expressing outrage over 9-11 is a very different story of truth and suggesting ails was offering advice on policy or tactics
said Nockman is also the host of a show on MSNBC
Another broadcast execs speculated that if CNN Sherman Walter Isaacson or ABC news president David Weston sent such a memo of people would be clamoring for their resignation
How do you like that? It's an easier thing he knows
So Roger ails you're out of the closet baby. You're not pulling too many except those right wing sick offense who are just sucking up when you give it him anyway
9-27 at 560 WQAM Tom Layman and Hal at potty at GMC they're headed again
Maybe they're proud to announce the great Neil Rogers Neil deal zero percent to sail you got that
See this is that piece of copy again where Tom practice see how many times he can get my name into the copy
I think it's 600
That's right you heard right with the proof credit from GMAC you can get zero down payment and 0% financing on all
2002 and 2003 potty act in GMC models plus
Zero payments for 90 days or you can take a rebate of up to five grand and as always it halfton zero hassles
Don't forget to mention you heard about the Neil deal and save even more when you go down to halft
Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs while they're including the envoy voted by motor trend as the SUV the year plus the big gas
Guttling Pontiac vibe that's got the power of a big fancy schmancy sports car and as always you find a great selection of dependable
Use cars trucks and SUVs and like I tell you every single time I talk about these folks
These are this is a dream for deadbeats
And for other people too, but I mean it's great because even if you have marginal credit even if you have lousy credit
Even if he wants a new Greg Reed they'll still cut your deal at halftoniac and don't forget right now
It's the great Neil deal zero percent sale at halftoniac
134 oh one South Dixie highway that's US one across from the falls open every day seven days a week
For more information called the Neil deal hotline at one triple eight five three four forty two eleven
That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven
Haleth Pontiac GMC who definitely say we be professional great
My and look all this is four three oh five six
Time to get it on teenagers today need choices that reflect the reality of their complex life
Abstinence is often preached but is really not realistic in today's society in same-sex encounters are uncomfortable for most boys and girls
What's a team to do technical virgins of America has the answer in the butt a way you can technically still be a virgin and enjoy a rich and
satisfying intimate relationship in the butt avoid unwanted pregnancy
But still affords fun for both parties
So the next time you're ready to strip down for action remember the motto of the technical virgin
Everything but technical virgins of America offering alternatives for the ladies team
Up by 933 bug a butt out guilty 933 at 560 WQM look at the votes. We got on here 7,000 votes
186 which TV networks to science news the most Fox 56 CBS 39 all of them 37
CNN 31 which has to do you understand that?
No, not at all. I mean that's part of their reputation
See and of course the Fox people are we're saying oh well CNN is dance that liberal slant on the new now see a CBS
Yes, we do know that we know that dance a good liberal boy, which is why I watch the news every night. I'd like a little let's land
You follow what I'm saying yeah CNN 31 NBC 12 which Tom Markaw he don't I can't understand what he's saying
So how do I know if he's standing it or not?
ABC eight Peter Jennings the little I would say that's the George Will Network anyway
Very much to the right MSNBC 2 nobody watches them none of them won they finally got won for none of them
As we know I got that Donnie you think what did I tell you days and days ago here
It is Donnie you most likely to exit stage left we'll get to that eventually from USA today
Now that caught you got on there in Orlando
What are the odds because I got so much important stuff here today Carlos? What are the odds? That's like you're gonna be a good call
About 5% because the first gun I he was I mean that wasn't spectacular
But he brought up a good point brought something to our attention that needs to be addressed doesn't it?
Yes, then don't forget to put a stamp on it
Here's Orlando hello. I can add something to that Neil. Okay
They got a marlin baseball game from May
Still and then they're one of the breaks like two days ago. Jesus Christ almighty Jesus Christ
Anyway, yeah echo today. Let me start out with
Dennis is a major asshole because you're informative and entertaining
You find out a bunch of
Information and I hope you answer this question for me you're in Miami market and 81 correct 81. Yes
You're real radio page with all the old radio bits
I found one last night. Now I remember WNYQ. I don't remember I 95. I found that but there was a
Station that went off the air in
81 yeah
96x and they lost their license the FCC took it away right have any
Knowledge of that or can you enlighten me?
Oh, yeah, they were running bogus contest and they lost their license 96x, but I'm not sure is that what what did that become did that become a power?
Yep, 96.5
Yeah, I'm not sure what I became power night. No, I'm asking George not you because obviously you're here. No
Yeah, I became power 96. Oh, I think well there's a bit on there with them doing the fine off and it was charter broadcasting
Yeah, they did a whole bunch of bogus contest and they finally yanked their license. Oh
Thank you very much and have a great day you too now and thanks for the surprise
How do you like that now there wasn't got to have a little something to say I hear an echo on these calls today though
You notice that I don't hear it. I don't know not now, but on a call I heard an echo. Well, if you don't hear it
I'm happy
That's all I care about whether it's on a year or not seven-year-old reports drunken babysitter
Covington Louisiana. Oh, don't you love Covington Louisiana one of my favorite plays they've ever been there
They mean either, but just the sound of it, you know, isn't there also a Covington Kentucky? Yes, there is
A babysitter with five children in her car was arrested for drunken driving after she passed out at a rest stop
And one of the kids a seven-year-old girl used the cell phone to call 911
Linda Abert 40 of picky you and Mississippi. Oh, yeah
Pick a you and Mississippi. Don't you love them French other names like in a Louisiana and Mississippi?
What I'm not there's something about the whole creole thing, you know
Yep, when they throw all that crap in there, you know, what are the okra okra they slice up a little operas just jam it in the pot
Linda Abert 40 of picky you and Mississippi was found slumped over the steering wheel Sunday and the car was still running said
St. Tammady perish sheriff's office said the children were not heard
Abert's blood alcohol level registered point 27 on a breath test well over the point 10 limit the report
He's saying deputy said they had to use pepper spray when Abert became combative and she remained jailed on Monday
Two of the children ages five and nine were Abert the others four six and seven were left in your care
By woman who expected Abert to keep them in pick you more than 20 miles from the interstate 12 rest stop near Covington where the car was found
A pastor by the rest stop let the seven-year-old call for help authority said kind of sounds almost a little bit like Susan Smithish
You know what I'm saying?
Not that anybody died, but the Susan was kind of like wandering around
Out driving planning what she was going to be doing
Wounding around all over town and then of course her kids wind up drown
Democrats question items in homeland bill and this is what I've made I alluded to yesterday when I got caught myself in the middle of that story
That was talking about the homeland building side not so fast
Not so fast
The bill creating a Department of Homeland Security ran into a new hurdle yesterday when Republican Senator John McKean announced he would side with Democrats on a
Keyboat yet today to script seven special interest provisions from the bill passed last week by the GOP
Let house and I'm going to tell you something if this country if the US of A was full of people are really were activist and
Inuit and like uh, where of what that was going on around them
There'd be people marching in the streets and protest here. We keep being told that oh while homeland security
This is the number one priority and yet all of the pork they got in there
I guarantee even fat boy never saw so much pork
I don't support a process where the House of Representatives throws a major piece of legislation over to the Senate and says goodbye
McCain said McCain switches well as the uncertain votes of a handful of Democratic senators independent dean
Berkeley of Minnesota. They make belief Senator left the bill's passage in doubt
If the provisions are killed from the bill a House which left town last week would need to return to negotiate the differences in the bills and pass a
Compromise of one can be reached and that drooling idiot from Texas that field Graham
Every time I see him on TV that the expression immediately comes to mind drooling idiot
Well, we got to get this thing
Thank God he's out. He's done
The bill if enacted would create a 170,000 employee department dedicated to fighting domestic terrorism
Republicans in the House and the provisions of the legislation before was passed there last week. They stuck in the pork
This Homeland Security bill the bill of president supported was 35 pages long the bill that I've been asked to vote on Monday or Tuesday
484 pages long filled with special interest legislation loaded up by the House Republicans in the last few days since senator
Chris Dodd of Connecticut and sent Sunday CBS's face the nation. How come nobody talks about him running for president?
Don't know. I like Chris Dodd a lot
Of course his daddy had a few problems, but what's that guy to do with him? I think he'd be good
Sure better than Al Gore by a long shot. Laws. He's a maybe a little bit too intellectual for the American public
You know too smart. They like somebody more like Frado, you know
Republicans defended provisions as legitimate say they pertain to homeland security
For example, they say new liability protections are needed to encourage companies to develop new anti-terrorism technologies
Several Republicans said the Democrats raised the objection because they don't want to see the bill enacted
House majority with the anxious Tom Delay Republican of Texas issued a statement saying House Republicans should return to Washington
Take on the Senate Democrats, especially Senate majority leader Tom Dachel to South Dakota
The provisions as described by Dachel's office would do the following enact new liability protection for pharmaceutical companies that for the vaccines
They make got a Senate amendment that would prohibit the government from signing contracts with companies that move their headquarters
Offshore where they don't have to pay US taxes you following these now, okay
Provide liability protection for airport screening companies create a Homeland Security Research Center program at US University
And a US University Democrats have legislations written such a ways to create the center at Texas and M University in Texas
Home to some powerful GOP lawmakers and Bush including the umptuous drooling Phil Graham of Texas
Provide liability protection for the TSA or for the air to companies that sell anti-terrorism technologies or products
It wrecked barriers to the TSA for the issuance of some security rules for travelers and allow the Department of Homeland Security to hold advisory committee meetings in secret
The move democracy is a gift to corporate lobbyists all this has to do again is with big business
That's what the Republican Party is all about is big religion big business and that's it
And guns that's a Republican party, huh? You forgot repression freedom of speech. Well, that's that's all part of it
But I'm just talking about with the people behind them
That's what it's all about big business
And if all you people out there if you're all involved in big business
If that's where your livelihood's coming from then by all means you should be supporting this crap
But other than that which is means of the middle people and little people the most of the rest of everybody
This is a disgrace
Talking out of both sides of the rest under one hand. Oh, we've got to have passage to this in the president needs this
A bill that was 35 pages long becomes 484 pages long with all the pork they stuck in there
And then they're belly-icking about how the Democrats are holding up the passage of it
Who the hell are you people kidding? And unfortunately obviously a lot of people. That's the sad part
That's the sad part because you asked the average American person about this and they're gonna say
Just like that
Curities good. Just like that. Just like if you're running into Greg in a hall say how you doing Greg? He's gonna go
Just like that
What you saying homeland security good. We need that bail path. Tell me up
I'm getting late here. I'm getting behind the times 942 at 560 WQA him
If you love your home, but you just don't have enough space for all the things you need to be doing
Do what hundreds of other people are doing smart people and George too
Call strictly additions whether you're having a baby in another room if you're converting your car porter patio into living space
If you're going to the business for yourself and want to make a home or a fish call our good friends at strictly additions because they're super
They're your one-stop shop more space for your place place with an absolutely positively
Worried for your approach to expanding your living space you've heard about no shows by the contractors these folks will never do that
In complete work no chance no one expected bills no worries about the job not getting done right or finished
And they take care of every last detail they drop your blueprints they get the building permits handle all the inspections for you
Strictly additions has got that easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction right it down on your wrist
First they call the schedule a free project evaluation deployment right at your home where a project
Estimated will determine the scope of your addition number two schedule a bit of woman there convenient sure
Where you get a detailed proposal and an exact price for the work third select your finishing touches go to contract
No more for review the design and architectural drawings and fifth last but not least sit back and relax as your dream edition moves ahead on
Schedule with unbeatable quality
Easiest of one two three give trickly additions to call 9547 911
100 their license they're insured professionals who do a super job for you
You can check them out in the yellow pages if you like and they serve all a brow in South Palm Beach County
Tell that old Neil and PD Lenny sent you buy for a super job every time at strictly additions call them today at 954
791
Hey, buddy. Have a heart or a liver
Before you head out on your next g-hats make sure you're getting the Palestinian weapon of choice
The West Bank 44 Magnum semi automatic rock the 44 Magnum Rock is specially designed with very sharp edges for maximum damage at very close
Throwing range the West Bank 44 Magnum semi while have your enemies ducking for cover before you even release your throw
Yeah, once you feel the weight of the West Bank you'll never use another rock again
Get yours today while supplies last the West Bank 44 Magnum available at the blown-up West Bank building near you
Here just jealous because cancer-head guns 946 at 560 WTQ I am
Which TV network slants the news the most 258 votes
Some of these might even be real you think
No couple
Fox 79 all of them 45 I shouldn't have put all of them on there, you know because that's an easy out
It's a cop-out as opposed to like making a real choice
CBS 44 C-N-41 NBC 33 and it just changed again on me. I hate that
Fox 80 all of them 48
CBS 44 C-N-42
NBC 36 ABC 12 NS NBC 4 and none of them won
C-N-SNBCs only got four and you want to know why why because nobody watches it. Oh could that be it
So even if they did slant the news even if they were like ultra liberal or like whatever the hell they were at
Even if they had like a big swastika on the screen no matter what they were it wouldn't make any difference
Because nobody watches MSNBC and I mean nobody I watch it
How do you like that?
At least sometimes I watched a good show Phil had with Michael Moore and now that was the only good show we had
But nevertheless I was lucky enough to see that
And once in a while I see Nockman when I want to see somebody it's better than I am and feel better about myself
And I do like what's his name lester holt you like him?
who?
Lester holt the news anchor guy. He's good. I don't want you to be seen get out of here. You don't know who lester holt is
How much a Carlos knows who that is
If I saw probably knew him but the name
You're both you're going back okay get out of banana boat. You're both going back
And I do what's in the sambisi and you don't know who lester holt is. He's like a light-complexed black guy
I think I do now you said that I think it's a great deep voice come on get out of here
Lester holts a damn good news reader. I'm not saying it's a great journalist by any stress because but he's a good
News reader guy kind of like you know
I'm watching that he was lost he had no idea what was going on
Just stick to the script last year you're doing day. I like him
There's a few things are like an MSNBC and especially that two to four with my close personal friend
Pat Buchanan and the bill press
Can you have I just still can't believe I'm saying that about Pat Buchanan. I like the show. I just like the show
And on a lot of issues pet is much. Yeah, he's right on target. I hate to say that too. Did you hear me say that?
I know I'm writing it down you didn't hear me say it. I just thought you thought you heard me say that secret court
Speaking of fascism secret court okay is broad wiretap powers. Oh my god exactly
In a victory for the Bush administration a secret of appeals court yesterday ruled the US government as the right to use expanded powers
To wiretap terrorism suspects that are were law adopted after the 9-11 attacks. You know terrorism suspects like Georgian Carlos
Who don't know who lester Holt is?
You better know your lester Holt mister because you sure don't
So the ruling was a bloated civil libertarians who say the expanded powers which allow greater
I'm gonna tell you right now. I want somebody to call in who knows who lester Holt is
Before I continue this story
Now it's definitely not going to be this call because they were already on your Miami. Here Miami. Hello
Okay, let's uh
No, not one call on the board. There's nobody watches MSNBC
567 and that guy's worth the dentist by the way the one I was just on there that that idiot
Yes, he is W.A.M.
He's kind of creepy looking. He's scary looking. He looks like he's hostile. You but you don't think he's a good news anchor? No
Okay
But at least you knew who it was
W.A.M.
Asshole that would a Q.A.M. lester Holt line
Hey, lester Holt's great man. I listen to him a lot and he always has that guy on from the army doing the uh
You know the magic. Yeah, the strategic stuff about the war and all that
The macro. Yeah. Yeah, what's not to like? Okay. Thanks. That was a filled on you calling in. It's not gonna save your job
Feel too late. Sorry, Phil. You're out
Remember the godfather you're out Tom. Maybe I can help
You're out
W.A.M.
Hola
Can you believe that every line is flashed in the one that I pick up. There's nobody on it Q.A.M. Hello
Yeah, Nioh. I listen to I'm a big emissim. You see follow yeah
Um, do you like Chris Matthews?
What do you say you don't like Chris Matthews? Okay. I hate Chris Matthews. Oh, I mean once once in a great while
He'll do something that makes sense, but he's uh, he's an idiot
You're list of all still okay and the thing I the thing I hate about Chris Matthews is he'll ask a guest a question
And while a guy's trying to answer the question, he's like starting to talk again like after the guy says like three words
Yeah, well, uh, yeah, yeah, I don't like Chris Matthews. He makes my skin drop. Yeah, I like Nora O'Donnell though
Be a she's the best okay
She's okay
How do you like this? We found some people I guarantee you the Fox people may hate us
But the NSNBC people like us the only problem with that is there are no MSNBC people see how it is to be in a minority
We got to make a coalition of all the minorities you know the the people with one
Finger up their ass and the people with the left-handed people and the you see what I'm saying. Yeah
All the minorities like the Floridians with an IQ larger than their thumb size
Yeah, I got this story about the Alabama judge
I got that just relax look at the look at the writing on this needle. Don't know if you just calm down. Okay, relax
I got it. I'm on top of it. I got a pile here all the way up to the goddamn ceiling
So what was the verdict on Lester Hold Lester Hold line. Hello
Hello, yes, sir
What is it? How do you say faggot? Yeah, I think oh, I didn't know Lester was gay
Wtq I am yeah, I listen to Lester Hold. I think he's X1. I was mind seeing him going over to
NBC on a lot of more
On a partial basis. Yeah, replace that stick and Tom Broko at bad speech defect Lester Hold's got a great voice
He does a great voice. He presents himself while just don't know what his policies are but don't really carry
Exactly, and you know something that's good that we don't know what are you not when a guy's anchoring the news
You're not supposed to know what his policies are exactly
Okay, thanks
And what's the frequency Kenneth oh, sorry Dan. I do like Dan Rader
But what is the frequency? You know, no
The ruling was the bloated civil libertarians who say the expanded powers which allowed greater leeway in conducting
electronic surveillance and then using information obtained from the wiretaps and searches jeopardized constitutional rights
In a 56 page ruling over turning a may opinion by the secret foreign intelligence surveillance court
The did you know that there was a secret foreign intelligence court? I had no idea do now
Not even a ten o'clock in you learn something already
The three judge of P plus who Lester Hold is they three judge of Pills Court panel said the pay-trudact gave the government the right to expanded powers
That dastardly pay-trudact
sweeping anti-terror legislation called the USA paid tribute act and cited law in October last year after the hijack plan attacks makes it easier
For investigators and prosecutors to share information obtained by surveillance and searches
In the may ruling the seven judges that comprised the foreign intelligence surveillance court unanimously till the government had gone too far
In interpreting the law to allow broad information sharing the justice to barron appealed saying the order limited the kind of coordination needed to protect national security
Attorney General John Ascroft held yesterday's ruling and said he was immediately implementing new regulations and working to expedite these surveillance process
They're watching you guys. I'll tell you that
George and Carlos okay and Julio
They're watching you
The court of reviews action revolutionizes our ability to investigate terrorists and prosecutors to tax Ascroft said
This decision does allow law enforcement officials to learn from intelligence officials and vice versa
Civil liberties groups which had urged the repeals court the appeals court comprised of three appeals court judges named by supreme court
Chief justice William Rincuist to uphold the court order slammed the ruling
We are deeply disappointed with the decision which suggests that this special court exists only to rubber stamp government applications for intrusive surveillance
Wants at and be seen of the ACL and you the groups had argued that broader government surveillance powers would violate the fourth amendment
Which protects against unreasonable searches and seizures, but the appeals court said
The procedures are required on the foreign intelligence surveillance act and they were reasonable
We think the procedures and government showings required on the FISA if they did not meet the minimum fourth amendment war and standards
Certainly come close the judges wrote in the ruling which was partially declassified and published
We therefore firmly believe that FISA as amended is constitutional because the surveillance is it authorizes our reasonable
How you like that broad wire tap powers anybody in there. They're going to be watching you man
They're going to be they got a camera right up your back. Don't ask
To make sure who's being naughty and nice
But that's the way it goes because we're fighting that war on Terry, you know
Just forget about all that pork that they try to stick on at the in that bill
We the home my insecurity bill
Right all the pork all the time
It's getting it's getting to the point now they're trying to stick so much extra crap in here America
You know what America's dilemma is right now?
If I can find it I think we got pork up the butt is what we got
Your own sin
With what they're trying to do that home mine security bill America is stuck with pork up the butt and that's not good
That's not a good thing
That's what the president said
Which TV network slants the news the most we asked in our very very popular pool on earranges.com today, which we're getting a
Just forming it the mouth response
Oh
316 votes now how many do you think are we all about 20 maybe
Fox 92 all of them 55 cnn 53 cbs 50
NBC 47 a B c 14 the George Will Network
MSNBC 4 and none of them won for MSNBC
I think what they should do to get an audience is you just put a bunch of people on it
Maybe don't you if he wants to say and just go and
Like that you know in front of the camera
Don't you think I'll give you a great idea they could use a news flasher if they had people on the floor channel surfing and they saw people
I'm like that and waiting their arms, you know frantically and flapping their eyelids
I would sure cost a lot of people to stop clicking the channel for a second and you know and see what this is all about
Maybe funny hats
I don't think so now funny hats won't well funny hats on addition to go
Mood like that and waving their arms and maybe like some patch Adams noses could might hurt maybe clear about the clown noses
And also the little horn clearbell hat, you know, right a little squeaker there
You want to get some attention MSNBC you're going to have to resort to some very drastic measures because nobody is watching your network
As Harvey Pack used to say nobody had to pick six
At least not legally anyway
957 at 560 WQ and the mad dogs coming to one hank is back in town of three
With our wind them in between four and five and writing me I'm writing mnikele at five and six
ah
Georgia what is that?
George Michael
Pantheon shico prantheir preview 7 to 7 30 to Pantheon's at Atlanta 7 30
Any K after the hockey game from GA and Joanne Mark overnight
Thanksgiving baby is coming any day just a few days away
Everyone's flocking to be home together again
He had to go out of the table with delicious homemade food and family traditions after all
It's not the turkey that makes the meal special
It's the people and the stuffing and the kishki
Getting ready for the hungry guest can be a real stressful theory of the deal
Especially if they're staying overnight if you're having a household for Thanksgiving let dollum actress make your holiday preparations
A little bit easier now's the time to call him and one 800 mattress and get that new mattress in before the house
Guest arrive if they already told you that they're coming or even if you don't hear from them till the night before
Dollum actress can deliver right into your house a top quality ceiling
Surda Simmons or King Crowe mattress the same day. You know what I said. I said house
Who's I'm starting to get a little Canadian a and noticed it
I've been sleeping on a dollum actress for years for a coon's age mo
And let me tell you there's the best call down a mattress right now at one 800 mattress and talk turkey
Where they've been in concern to choose from the very best mattresses at even better prices
Jesus Christ you can rest easy this Thanksgiving. No, then everybody is sleeping like a baby
So you're ready for the holidays right now by calling one 800 mattress
That's one 800 MATT RES for down a mattress
Brand-name bed same-day service column. I'll be sleeping like a baby tonight
Tell them that old Neil and Fatboy be sure and tell them that 20 to call one 800 mattress
I
We're supporting you five six. You a.m
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. What else
For New York State to California
Oh
Credit used to scare you on the screen
Basemaid just staring wonder
Say I'm glad that ain't me
Cosmetics surgery with what she had intention
That's surgery did some things I'd rather not mention right
But he lifted up those eyes
Stretch your face back in place now today. It's guys at me say
Whether you wait half bad
You were once in a leg
I love you
You look so new
You look so
You
She still looks like crap to me. I'll tell that
1003 at 560 WQ I am Alabama Chief Justice told her to remove 10 commandments from building
Let's hear it all right my comrade Alabama
A 10 commandments monument in the rotunda of Alabama's judicial building violates the Constitution's ban on government promotion of religion a federal judge ruled yesterday
Oh
Myron Thompson gave Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore who had the 5300 pound granite monument installed in the state building 30 days to remove it
More testified during the trial that the commandments are the moral foundation of American law
He said the monument acknowledges God but doesn't force anyone to follow his conservative Christian religious beliefs
Right a lawsuit seeking removal of the monument argue that it promoted the judges faith and violation of the Constitution's ban on government establishment of religion
This is a question of whether they politically powerful can impose their views on others
Sudden poverty law center attorney Daniel lipa. Are you doing the trial before Thompson more testified to decide to locate a monument to the 10 commandments in the building
Shortly after he was elected chief justice in November 2000
The monument which features the king James Bible version of the 10 commandments sitting on top of a granite block is one of the first things visitors see
Upon entering the building how do you like that? I don't
Are gone bloody lost and then of course one of this like I said the listener just foaming at the mouth facts me this length
I'm glad I had the charter version of this story the lengthy one from the New York Times
Which I appreciate your fact in it, but it just goes on and on and on and on
And it does say in Alabama there's no one underestimating the popularity of religion and defiance
While fundamentalist and Kansas lost their battle for creationism and supporters of organized school prayer were defeated in Texas
Evangelical Christians still set the agenda here in Alabama
With a banjo on their knee. This is the state actor. All were high school science books have stickers on them saying evolution is just a theory
Just as more tap right now. There's becoming a figurehead in the movement pushing for more religion in public life
The 55 it's what it's called as religious intolerance is what it's called trying to shove it down your throat and a religion too
That's what we despise on this program most about intolerant assholes. Okay
Trying to shove their views on everything right down your throat making an offer you can't refuse
My way my way or the highway dentist is a good example
In fact, maybe Dennis oughta moved to Alabama, huh?
Now I wouldn't wish that even on them. Oh, you'll count the Catholics over here. We don't count the them kind down here
I'll tell you that right now, mister. We'll send your ass right up the god damn cool. It wants you remember to entry
Hey
I can just see Dennis up there in the woods, you know, just like Ned baby come on sweet like a pig Dennis
Cataboy
The 55-year-old judge a former ranch hand and kickboxer
Does radio shows helps raise money for evangelical groups and travels roads near and far in his old blue Cadillac promoting his unique blend of church and state
Today's decision was hailed by civil liberties groups as proof that there are limits
Just as more was elected to administer justice stop to serve as a religious ministers at Richard Cohen
General counsel of the Southern Poverty Law Center one of the parties that sued last month to have the 10 commandments removed
Justice Moore's lawyer said the federal courts were confused he vowed to appeal the ruling
Anonacos
So there you go justice more losers
But they'll continue appealing all the way to Supreme Court and then god only knows absolutely correct
God only knows
I started to say before my finger slip what's gonna happen there with these Supremes
Which network on TV slants the news the most
Roger ails which one could it be all that ails you huh
See Heather you weren't fooling anybody at the point. Well you may have been fooling a few people
But you sure so weren't fooling me she was just that doing her duty that's all
As a goose stepping member the Fox organization to call and stir up a bunch of crap about this show and have a whole
bunch of people who don't even listen to this show like stir in the pot
People who don't even listen to people never heard of me or this show
Oh, he's the racist and then like I said at the time the irony of it is that those people are far far
from being like a civil liberties champions
Yeah to say the best
Some of those are the same people that were like lynching black people like you know five minutes ago
But right away they got to come to the aid of condolese and colon Powell because there are house Negro say that's that's what it's all about
Although I noticed that colon he's there got a little hot water
He's stirring to pop a little bit too much
Which then is the Clarence Thomas learned if you smoke it a little bit that's okay as long as you want them if you stir it
Then you got a real problem
How many votes we got 7,000?
364
He knew imagine what kind of a total we're gonna have tomorrow in this poll can't wait
I bet we have at least 100 real votes
Which TV network slants the news the most Fox 116
all of them 68
CNN 58
CBS 53
NBC 49
ABC 14 small potatoes
MSNBC 5
And none of them won. I guess if they figure MSNBC
Slants the news that's to the left right certainly not right because other than Papu canon
Well Chris Matthews he's all over the place. He just makes me ill
I remember that one day I came in and I was cheering
What was on one of those Wednesday uniforms in front of those colors kids and he was raving against the war and invading Iraq
I mean I have it to agree with what he was saying but he did a great job. Oh, it was that he had John McCain on oh
And we let him have it for a few minutes there. He did a great job
So Chris Matthews like I said is all over the place but about 90% of the time I can't stand him
Which is not a particularly good batting average you know what I'm saying
Now some people would say well, I'm sure he don't care about that
He cares about everybody because when you got his few people watching his MSNBC does they can't afford to lose any of us
Here's a call from Hollywood hello
You know, yes sir
I know who Esther Hold is he's one of the lead pitchmen for general electric
We bring big war to life. Yeah, definitely part of the military industrial complex
Um, I haven't owed to the four-year-old. He's got a nifty math there though. You got to like that math
Oh, it's beautiful graphics from patient wow it looks so good
And you have to be able to help if you have hd tv when they start dropping of bombs
It's gonna look like I'm going to wrap right in the middle of your living room positively or gas make I live the war I lived it
It's it's it's sad but true especially when you really it's no longer journalism
It's really public relations if it was journalism. We'd hear something about Mike Reeland
The guy who's been who was locked up in Canada who has been in the service here that the navy even admitted he was
With them you can google Mike Reeland and have a day of oh my god. Yeah
It's v-r-e-e-l-a-n-d
But it's a very interesting story
It's reported in Canada doesn't make it down here for some reason. Oh, there's a lot of stuff reported here that don't make it there
And it's but it's about up. I mean, it's a 9-11
It's at the core of 9-11. Well, keep in mind that Michael Moore had to come up here to film that bullying for Columbine movie had to come up here to film it
Because nobody would the finance it down there. It's like it's like
Occupied Florida is what especially when you see in the past week that it's reported that
Sure, there's gonna be about 200 to 250,000 troops going to Iraq
But there's also gonna be about 265,000
Reservant and national guard called up to be deployed mostly in the U.S
to
Patrol the airports and to do anything else that terrorism might
I think they're knocking on you door right now as a matter of fact not yet sir
But I do have a note to the port and then it real quick
When Johnny comes marching through your house or raw
Here raw he'll treat you worse than a littlely or mouse or raw
Here raw he won't use a warrant or even just cause but that one would stop the public supplies when Johnny does the
Patriot act march through your house for you
Okay
Wow
What what he ampere breakfast this morning, huh? I don't know but I want some
56705 60 will mix a few calls in here and here like I said little mix and match got a lot of stuff today important stuff
We got that atkins diet thing which I know this audience don't want to hear about diets
But it's a little vindication for you
There's truly and I'm going back on it right now. I'm doing atkins right now with my iced tea
I don't eat in the morning. I just don't eat you notice. I don't eat during the show when I'm not there
Right and remember when I was there I was eating on a show
Yes, another good reason not to be there if I was still there I'd wear like 600 pounds. I just I can't I don't know what that is either
I guess it's just more comfortable here that it's not an eating environment because it's just my apartment
If I want to I can go in the kitchen and go in a refrigerator, but there's nothing there
Maybe it throws that's all there is to do here
There's frozen hamburgers in there, but I'm sure not gonna start cooking up hamburgers in the middle of the show
And then we got filled on he most likely to exit and we got the old Jay thing with the New York Times said that Tiger should skip the masters
Which gets all you guys very upset including Dennis
Who says oh they shouldn't be picking on a member if I'm a minority to champion that cause they should be picking one of the people
Who was doing the discriminating well that sounds ass and I to me. What's wrong with both
Huh both BOF Dennis both
What's wrong with having Tiger Woods since he was part of that minority that was banned not that long ago
By the blue noses at the masters how come he shouldn't be championing for all the other minorities too
Then that makes sense to you yeah, but but shut up
That's right. Don't be knocking at this is a male club like George Will said that sexist homophobic
I'm not just disgusting pig who's the who runs ABC news
In fact that this week they used to be this week with David Brinkley
Now wonder david's eyes fell out of their sockets huh? I wonder why he retired
I always had tears running down his eye ducts
Because of tricking George Will because if there's anybody can screw up the party George Will
You thought I was saying
What are you saying and I give you good example. He's a big cubs fan right look at what happened to them. Oh brother
1013 at 560 wqa and there's never been a better time to purchase a new home or refinance or existing home than
Right now. Hey, yes. How about this rate 3.95 percent. That's correct
Financial group can offer you an unprecedented almost unheard of
3.95 percent but you got to make that call call financial group and find out how this works call 1 800 940
LED that's 1 800 940 53 63 the money you're going to save is sensational. It's really
I'm the label. It is think about it. You can get yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan for only 450 bucks a month or get you
a hundred thousand dollar loan for only 950 bucks a month the process is simply going to save yourself a crap load of money over
Year just call our good friends if financial group toll free 1 800 940 lend there's never been a better or smarter time to get you
A little interest rate than right now so call financial group and you'll be on your way to save in a big bunch of cash
Financial group is an equal housing lender credit restrictions do apply and rates of subdued to chain so call
Noctal free 1 800 940 LED that's 1 800 940 53 63
This is for 20 bucks a year
It's day by any time
Oh at 560 WQ
Hey
And then the Lord said let there be light
And low there was life from the same people who brought you the much beloved talking Bible
Comes a new 10 volume set brilliantly updated for the eighties
Yes, it's the wrapping Bible
There was dark everywhere then the man said light and the light was there he said I done good there's no doubt on the seventh day
He just chill out Genesis
Beginning of that beginning of this
Finally a good work
And his word is now check it out
Oh
Everybody like no tomorrow god look down sitting on my phone
Don't look back are you turning to song?
Why took a beat started to free the cow came up and lick the cheek take a lick y'all
I'll be she you imagine all the song all the parables every sacred biblical word
interpreted by the finest sucker MC of all time
Genesis
Bang by bug making his word
60 WQ I'm happy Tuesday, too. Should I do that to Palm Beach call and clean the slate? I
Ha ha ha ha yeah, right here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Yes, good morning. Neil. Yes, sir. Hold up. Hey
He was a country in western DJ. I think in Sacramento and
He came to MSNBC when Jerry notman came to MSNBC. They were really a little like Jerry still all his food
Took every bit of it, but when he first started to show
That was one of the interviews he did and he talked about bringing him with him
So that's the latest lester holt update and do you like lester holt? I love lester holt. He's good. Yeah
Yeah, he's he's entertaining and I think the reason most people liking is that he's not a news person
Yeah, he um, he just you know tell us the way he sees it. He's just a natural guy natural guy. Thanks. Okay. Thanks a lot
Tell Jerry to put the put down a fork. Of course Jerry
He's one of those guys. He don't need the fork. So this gummin right off the plate
Come on Jerry one less meal today. Okay, please that can's works Jerry
And that guy's gonna explode right out of his
Right out of his gut. Yeah out of his clothing
Voice on tape has been lot in the US. Uh, intelligence says it's him
You know, there was like a little bit. Well, we're not too sure. Not anymore
Not anymore. He want to of course, it's kind of embarrassing that we have to admit that it's really him because it means it's a year plus a couple of months
Yeah, let's see October yeah 14 months and he's still alive
American intelligence analyst said today they've concluded that the voice on an audio tape that emerged last week was indeed
Osama Yamama bin Laden's voice and that the tape was made quite recently
The authentic authentication of the tape who are not unexpected is quite significant in that it represents an official determination after almost a year of doubt that the terrorist leader was still alive
The conclusion follows days of intensive an analization of the tape by experts at the CIA and the NSA
The analysis included studies by linguists and translators familiar with Mr. bin Laden's voice
The experts had earlier that the tape appeared to be genuine, but they be framed from saying so definitively until
Well, this is yesterday
Intelligence experts do believe that it is that the tape is genuine a white house spokesman Scott McLean said a news briefing
Mr
McLean conceded that the genius of the tape cannot be stated with 100 percent certainty
But he said again that intelligence officials believe it is real
Israel is what he said is real
You know, that's how he slipped that in or just for the pacified who's born again Christians is real Israel just keep saying that
Until the tape was broadcast last week. They've been speculation about whether Mr. bin Laden the presumed masterma
Okay, get out here presumed masterma see see what I'm saying about the news media
Everything has to be the alleged like the snipers the alleged the snipers the presumed terrorist
Get out of here
We're all too busy covered your damn ass. That's what it's all about just like this terrorist warning
They don't want to raise the thing from yellow to orange because that gets people panicky
But they're saying over expecting spectacular attacks because if they keep saying this every a couple of weeks
It's called CYA baby cover nurse
Oh, we knew something was coming. We couldn't put our thumb on it, but we knew something was coming
They don't know squat
But now that they can wiret have everybody and like you know be hiding under your bed and in your closet and the kitchen in the pop-up
Toaster in fact next thing you know you're gonna hit the you know how you hit that thing with a toast is supposed to pop up
Instead of toast coming out of there John ascroft's head's gonna pop up. How do you like that?
Maybe jostle and elders would be popping up. Maybe she's got one on the toaster
Study finds speaking of that what a nice segue by accident
Study finds atkins diet may have surprising benefit on cholesterol
Quit the starch. Okay. No SS. Those are the evil twins sugar and starch and I just can't stop the sugar about starch with sugar on it
Ah, oh, you know what really gets me
There are restaurants many of them
Especially up here. I don't know what they're thinking about
But there are restaurants where you go in and order like uh like for example in the pizza joints
The and down there pizza hut does it all the time
They have these specials where you get pizza and breadsticks. Yeah, right. Have you ever heard of such a bad combination in your life?
Oh, here's your spaghetti and meatballs with the big side of mashed potatoes and gravy on the side
You see what I'm saying there's something wrong there man
The same thing anyway, you know breadstick and they give it the same pizza sauce. It's going on the pizza. It's kind of like build-rolling pizza. God
It's redundant. Don't we have enough starch already?
It's there would be like going to the pizza lot and getting garlic rules without you
Of course you do because they're so damn good. I see that spots coming up in a minute
Anyway proving once again that
Well once every 10 years I get something right
I was the champion remember that great signing we had with dr. Bob atkins over to saw grass
We had people lined up from wherever you folks are sitting all the way to god damn Jacksonville
We had him lined up by the hundreds literally are we allowed to talk about what an asshole he was on that particular occasion yet? Yes, well, what do you mean? Yes?
I never I don't remember touching on it. I don't think he was such an asshole. What do you mean by that?
I mean, he's a little store owner said
He's a little arrogant and he gets his little bit and he wanted a microphone and he wanted to be able to address the crowd
And he wanted to talk to everybody individually about their particular concerns. Oh, let me say this to you
Okay, with all due respect because you're not fed anyway
We see none of what you're talking about the fact is that those of us who are fed if we find something that works for us even
Once in a while when we're able to do it. We'll kiss his ass. We don't care how arrogant he is
What an ego he's got what bad infomercials he did and believe me
They were the worst ever saw in my life with those real japan New York broads remember those right
How I was by the guy we did works called back to atkins and we buy our products and I would they were disgusting
They were like walking ads for anti-semitism
They were the reasons that so many people hate New York were the people in those
Informers was anyway, but you see there you go again picking on people. I think most goto. He's got he's got you pegged right
The mole I hear him talk about you the mole. I think he's got you sized up real good
Study listen. I'm serious. I think he's starting to get it. I know. Do you think he's getting it? I think he's uh catching on warming up
Well, it's about damn time. Okay, the clock was ticking baby with time was running out mo
And all of a sudden he started catching up loosening up a little bit warming up like to the human race
Which I see there you go one more time like
For you let me do the goddamn story, please one moment. I was almost time for the break again
I don't I don't want to like gloss over this and I know that immediately a lot of dials
Oh, there he goes with that fat talking and I know it be on a share of it out of all the things that I could talk about in this show
The last thing anybody in this audience wants to hear about is fat and diets. Yeah, no mole with that
Because they've heard me fail on this for like 20 or some odd years. Although, you know
It's a long ways down from 240 pounds to 193
Yes, which 240 was about the peak of the iod days. How I survived that those pictures
Oh, man, there were two of you in the same skin
And you know what I was on back in those early days that iod
Pitchard system oh
Yeah, Pitchard system where they bring in the little tiny cans with the real carbohydrate later
There's nothing but carbohydrates and chemicals in there. In fact, it's the it's the 3c diet
Carbohydrates chemicals and crap. I don't remember who the sales rep was that they would bring you in
It's like a garbage bag for the food. Yeah, you'd come in and go all right
What do I do today that was supposed to be for the whole week? What do I eat today because the little cans had about a half an ounce of crap in there
And because of the fact it was all
Refined carbs anyway and stimulated your appetite. You eat one little can and indeed eat with the whole you clear out the whole damn
covered
And still wouldn't have eaten a damn thing you have about 600 calories
Putrid system man
So I went from 240 and most of the way I did lose it that time was on the atkins which we'll get to momentarily
And whatever happened all our friends like the not slanting lady
You know, it's how we made a band and it's not just a thing with a phone calls in general
We've been abandoned by a lot of people who supposedly were our friends people whose lives I saved like the not slanting lady
I mean, it's the middle of November. It's hardly income tax time now
She's got no excuse that she's too busy to talk to us right
Little Joey all those people that used to be our friends remember those good days we had some friends out there
Now we have nothing but a bunch of uh enemies. I mean we got a few but
Just not like it used to be and of course the thanks for calling me these. She's on the other side
She's in that great talk show heaven now
We miss her badly. I mean, I thought she said a lot when she called. He was always brief
But she was fun. She was nice. You know, nice
Always great which finding somebody nice and south-foot is like looking for a needle on a goddamn Uranus
Especially at the road
1027 at 560 WQA M Jeff Cohen is going strong. He's not old
His ponytail is a lot older and he is as matter fact. Wait till he shows you his fingernails
All his painted fingernails and his dolphin member Abilia and Valia and the good thing is he stays way out of the kitchen
That's the best thing in fact they brought some of the people over from the original pizza lot
They brought over to the new plantation joint and the food there is exactly the same
See that's the one thing when Jeff told me he's gonna open up a second location
I said you better make sure that it's consistently exactly the same as what people will come to expect from you and it is
I can testify to that because I ate there. What now? What was it about five six weeks ago? It was sensational
And you'll love it too at both pizza lofts in Davie and in plantation every Monday night
The loft is lasagna night Tuesday like tonight is eggplant night by one of these dinners on these nights get the second one for only five bucks
Wednesday kids eat feed with the belt seconds
He just famous magic show whip it out for him Thursday is bite night at the loft come on a motorcycle by one didn't get the second for half price
Three different kinds of great pizza delicious fresh pasta of every kind of the sun made to order note no
Mushy pasta at the loft and they got every kind of Italian dish you love chicken and veal seafood calzones
Super subbed and lots lots more and like I said the best garlic rolls is dripping with garlic
You've ever popped in your purse the prices are very very modest and the portions are embarrassingly huge
You'll find them in Davie that's right there on university driving to engryffin 595 behind pair one imports with huge
Free parking there call 9 5 4 9 1 6 8 8 8 8 8 4 take out for delivery and for catering to 9 5 4 9 1 6 8 8 8 8
And the brand new pizza loft with the same great chow and the same deals all week long is on a corner of knob hill and sunrise in plantation
Right behind that drifter on a corner there 9 5 4 3 8 2 1999 3 8 2 99 either location you'll love it take the whole gang for a feast at the pizza loft
Local your sports radio 560s you a you a yeah
It's people piss me
Oh
Mr. Lecdor
Save me a piece
I'm disappointed you passed on Clarice
Still eating people right after you kill them
Not even leaving behind a tiny crow to the lecdor
Fingerlick him
He cleans if people taste just like chicken if you see the full on the streets
Better honor you
Mr. Lecdor
I've got two ass
How did you eat things through that funky mask
Though it looks good you can't move your jaw the first animal to you's
The still is wrong lecdor
I wish I saw
You pay up is it up to jabaclaw keep the Clintons on your next
Just remember your Pepsi
So
33 5 60 WQ I am
Here's a call from four Lauderdale. Hello
Oh, Nail yes, sir. Yeah nice to talk to you today
I don't know if you read in the paper the other day we had a small victory over and co-weight
They are caught one of those outcade of bad guys. Yeah, the initials are MF
They won't give his name just as initials
So I thought maybe in our in a small celebration of our little victory
Well, you could play maybe later on at your convenience a big bad black guy named Ben. Okay. Thank you
You got it all right. See you
Another interesting kind of like around the bend around the bendway. No, not really. I've asked come on
I see your why are you so sour? I'm not sour. I take all the crap
And you first you're ripping my good friend doctor Bob all you do have a point. He's uh, he just he's not diet is brilliant and genius
But uh, he's got an ego not
Undearned ego. He's not he's got a personality like a dead man. Okay, but but you know you you can't have everything
It's like I was talking a few days ago about like if you enjoy somebody's work a comedian or an actor or actress
If you enjoy their work, does that mean they also have to be a nice person on top of that is that like a prerequisite?
No, they don't have to get you're gonna hang with them like a good store. So what's difference does it make?
Not in the mean should I didn't hear any complaints from people that they I mean
He sold 700 and some odd books that day, but we had about a thousand people there that day
Over a thousand that's exactly right. Can you imagine though if we could have added the weight of all of
Wow, if you could get a miracle the saw grass is still there
talk about a
Melange of fat. Yeah, it was a melange of moan proud
God
But at any rate so he's not a personable guy. What can I tell you?
There are people who would say that we're not personable like those two brought some Detroit
Why sure?
You wouldn't think that then when you would think by now they both be dead. They were kind of old then
No, we can only hope only the good die young study finalize yours how weren't young study finds that kids died may have
surprising benefit on cholesterol
And this is what I tried telling you people years ago years ago and all the all these idiot doctors and so called when somebody comes on a year
And says that there are dietician or nutritionists change the channel immediately turn on lester whole turn on anything turn on jannon
You're more likely to get the truth from jannon Paul that from a registered nutritionist or dietician
They know nothing
All they know is that american medical association the pyramid with the you know with their fruits and the nuts and the this a bunch of crap
They know nothing they have no concept of what diets really all about or what the predictions are all about or why people really are fat fat
disgusting
Multitudes whereby the high fat low carbohydrate atkins died and now a carefully controlled study backs them up
All right, how do you like that after all this time after all these years after these so-called experts and doctors were poop-pooing
All that it's going to send your cholesterol way up and it has just the opposite effect for many of us for most of us
Since your cholesterol down increases the good cholesterol and the LDL a bad it knocks it down a little bit
To agglacerize it nice way down
Because you're eliminating those refined carbohydrates. It says here. This is from the Boston Globe. It's in all the papers
Low carb may actually take off more weight than low fat and maybe surprising the better for cholesterol too
And you remember the thing the scandal about low fat a couple of years ago and it turned out to be a total fraud
Which have been screaming for years yes because something is low fat
What the hell does that mean if it's still loaded with sugar and with calories and with carbohydrates
If you're not going to lose any weight eating low fat
Are you needing low fat who probably don't taste you good now that he's dead?
You have a low fat. It's a great one. I'll show you. No, but I remember
For years the Actions formula of sparing carbohydrate and you know see they don't want to say we find carbohydrates
Here's another example of what the media and the doctors don't want it
They don't differentiate they know what they're talking about and it pisses me off, you know it even more than French people
For years the Actions formula of sparing carbohydrates and loading up on taboo fatty foods has been blasted with me to many in the health establishment
If you it is a formula for cardiovascular ruin
ruin and and remember the channel for thing a few weeks ago
Yes, where our friend Detroit balanced for life got a nice free of a whole week of free publicity
Thanks to us by the way. Thanks to us Troy and thanks for cutting off the beast you idiot, but anyway
The lady who went on air she did okay
She lost the 10 pounds in a month and she continued on the thing because she was happy with it
But they have all the people they had on there they did the
Well how many different ones about four or five different ones they did hypnosis they did atkins they did balance for life and something else
uh voodoo
Yeah, they were choking the chicken
But of all the ones that they did the Actions guy he lost 30 pounds in a month and was feeling great
One of your people I think by the way one of the people works the channel for one of the Julios lost 30 pounds
In fact, we ought to get our Julio on it
That big tub of crap good guy, but he's gonna be dead pretty soon if he doesn't cut it out right
Sir yeah, it's the audience thinks I'm joking and I realized that this isn't uh fun thing
It's embarrassing to us, but we're fat would choke it on it
Christ
Even Moa agrees with that Jesus Christy
But now that some of the same researchers who long scoffed at the Atkins dot are putting it to the test and they say the results
Estonish them how do you like that? Oh my god. Yeah
Rather than making cholesterol sore is they feared that I naturally appears to improve it and volunteers take off more weight
Ha
Still the number of hope away people studied this way is small and the research doesn't examine possible long term ilzer advantages
Including how long people keep the pounds off maybe that's why we don't hear from that's not even any more. Maybe she ain't with us anymore. No
Well, how do you know?
Because we would have heard somebody would have well husband
Maybe she just turned on us you know like a cornered rat or maybe she gave the way back, which is what I saw
And she's too embarrassed
So for now it says the researchers say that much more research is necessary before the Atkins dot can be given across the board endorsement
But at least they believe it's safe enough to take into much larger studies
So they're starting grudgingly to yield on this and say well, you know what? Maybe it's not so bad after all, huh?
At least three formal studies of the Atkins that have been presented at medical conferences over the past year
And all have reached similar results all the latest conducted by dr. Eric Westman of Duke University was presented yesterday
At the annual scientific meeting of the American Heart Association
Long a stronghold of support for the traditional low fat approach
Westman and in turn is the doofstide and fitness center said he decided to study the Atkins approach
Because of concern over so many patients and friends taking it up on their own
He approached the Roberts the Atkins Foundation in New York City to finance the research
Wait till you hear this let me do the break and then I'll give you the results
I don't want to lie shortchains this okay
And I know it's boring to a lot of you skinny people and a lot of you fat people that are like in denial, but I don't give a crap
Because we've been on this Atkins thing for what about six six hundred years now
I'd say we've been on for about 75 years since dr. Atkins was 50
He was old then you know how old you think he is now hunter and he's still around
Didn't he just recently have like open heart surgery or something like that? Yes, he did something like that
He's doing fine is what we're hearing
And they said it had nothing to do with the diet. It was just his crappy personality the George was bitching about
20 before 11 at 560 though. See we can't the world can't all be the way we'd like it to be okay. Oh, why the hell not
Well, that's a good question. Let's ask somebody. Let's ask somebody expert like Dennis
20 to 11 at 560 WQM. Let's face you've been heard about fast train for a very long time, right?
Absolutely correct. Well the facts are simple these facts are in if you have the
dedication fast drink and provide you with the necessary training to get out of your dead end job and become a certified computer professional
Who makes a serious income?
According to time magazine that a man for computer professionals will continue to explode
It's getting bigger and bigger like most of us
The average student completes the training in four short months attending school three nights a week
Once you complete your certification fast train will help you in getting a new computer job
Fast train advice you to come in and visit our train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you
Call fast train tool free at 1 866 fast train to set up an appointment with four convenient locations
There is bound to be one nearby where you live because there's a fast train to Kendall one in Miami
Pemberpines in Fort Lauderdale too and don't forget to ask their career counselor for list of students
Just like yourself who are currently in their dream jobs next to the training they got at fast train
Call them today and get all the info. There's no obligation call
1 866 fast train and you can be working a great new job before spring
That's 1 866 fast train or check them out of that wicked worldwide web. It's easy fast train.com
I
Need you yeah
Car theft is on the rise in America a car is stolen every 12 seconds
What can you do to protect your car an expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen
The club won't protect the valuables inside your car
But a big black guy named Ben can get away from the car mother
F**k
For less than you'd pay for an expensive car alarm system and even less than you'd pay for the club
You can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile get away from the car mother
It's simple to use just leave the big black guy name Ben in your car whenever you get out and he does the rest
Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them get away from the car mother
Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy name Ben. It's always nice to have someone to ride with
Although he really doesn't say much just get away from the car mother
That's about it. I didn't get a big black guy name Ben to chat with. I got him to protect my car
It's the best investment I've ever made
My name of it isn't that great. There have been a lot of car thefts. I can't tell you how many times
I've heard you get away from the car mother
Knowing that I've got a big black guy name Ben protecting my car. Let's me sleep better at night
Calm now 1 800 1 big guy that's 1 800 1 bi g
G. U.I. and instead of hearing this
You'll hear this get away from the car mother
10 47 at 5 60 WQ and anyway this story before I get back to the Atkins and I noticed I got some immediate response including this
I got it. How do you like this one facts? I am man with teeny tiny printing
Bapapapapib in it and I can't I they was signed but I can't read the signature at the bottom here right because it was chopped off as it chopped up on yours too. Yes
I hate to burst your bubble but the Atkins died as a public threat and Bapapapapib
We need to go to a nutrition client. Yeah, okay. I'll get to that eventually
But I'm shocked at this thing about a good friend Heather. Oh, there's more
There's more one there are another facts came in. I don't know if they're from the same person
Okay, well this is from what is this from something people
Recently Paul Fari of the Washington Post wrote a brilliantly subtle profile of the pun that Heather nowerts who the HECK is Heather nowert
Fari astraterically before the article the answer from most people in Washington or most men was
Isn't she that how does tar blonde on Fox News?
Fari fleshed out the characterization some up but it turns out that's still the right answer
Nowert 30 frequently appears on television as a G. O. P. strategist even though she's never worth of the G. O. P.
Larger because she's an adequate talker and quickens the pulse of male
Couspitados from the time I was 16 she says I knew I wanted to do something on TV low and behold
She's managed to become an expert on elections foreign affairs and tax policy and they show too by the way
And if they're a brief stint as I cut the music of DJ
Oh did I have her peg right or what yeah
Another right wing setup deal she calls on a show and oh well
We've been trying to contact you and do a real interview and all that stuff you're playing about pork condolisa
Yeah, right
All of this crap about fair and balanced let me say it again
That's the motto at Fox release should be unfair unbalanced all spin all day all right wing spin all day
And they they do it on a bascially now that that dog and pony show she did with us. I mean, I was as uh
Transparen as a pain of glass
As if somehow she overed a lot of people upset about well guess what we haven't heard from them all this time
How do you like that huh?
But what you're trying to do is whip everybody up into a frenzy aren't you Heather
That's one of the paid guns by rupert murdoch
It's not just the Roger ails it's rupert murdoch who also of course owns the umptuous right wing
New York post which is a very entertaining newspaper many ways but of course politically is to the right of genghis con
Just like the Toronto sun up here my favorite newspaper out of the four dailies by far great
Newspaper except for their politics which are even at the right of the New York post how do you like that huh?
Just the way it is
Anyway getting back to the addkins okay in spite of what this
Wild
Psychotic a maniac. I mean it's one thing to send me a faction disagree that's fine
But if you could see the handwriting on this there's like a whole page of little teeny tiny handwriting
Bapapapapin you don't know crap
Because I disagree with you and because this works for so many people
Let me ask you this if the addkins died didn't work for people. How could it still be around
Right am I right after what 1970 look at all the other one
That's right it started in the early 70s and 72 or three is the first time I did it
That's when I lost a hundred pounds as a matter of fact on these stillman and the addkins diets
Right all the other of bad diets that come and go if they don't work for people hey
They're gone in a heartbeat remember when you took that poll
Anybody taken liquid protein lately? No, no, nobody drinking that no I mean look at all the 80 trillion different diets
That have come and gone in that period of time
How about our herbal life friend? Oh, he's still dead
By the products by the products
Westman studied 120 overweight volunteers who were randomly assigned to the addkins diet or the heart associations
Step one diet a widely used low fat approach on the addkins diet people limited their carbs to less than 20 grams a day
And 60% of their calories came from fat. It was high fat off the scale. He said
After six months the people on addkins diet had lost 31 pounds. This is the average
Compared with 20 pounds on the American Heart Association diet and more people stuck with the addkins regimen
Total cholesterol fell slightly in both groups however those on the addkins diet had an 11% decrease in H
DL the good cholesterol
Everybody let me sit again the addkins had an 11% increase in H DL the good cholesterol and 49% drop in triglycerides
On the AHA diet H DL was unchanged and triglycerides dropped 22% high triglycerides may raise the risk of heart disease
Let me say it again American Heart Association diet they dropped 22% on the average addkins 49%
And I remember the first couple of months I did addkins my and you remember those days
I was having my blood drawn like you'd be five minutes
But uh my triglycerides dropped from 300 to 80 in about a month or two on addkins
While the volunteers total amounts of L the L the bad cholesterol didn't change much on either diet
There was evidence that it had shifted to a form that maybe less likely to clog the arteries
More study is necessary because such a diet can be recommended Westman said however concerned about serum lipid cholesterol elevations should not impede such research
And that was the big objection. Oh you're gonna eat all that fat your cholesterol is gonna go zooming up and now they say oh
Guess what? We don't think so
Some people it does because everybody's system is different, but most people it does not
It says no single studies likely to change minds on the issue especially since an initial weight loss is hard to maintain on any diet
Some answers could come from a year-long study being sponsored by the National Institutes of Health
That experiment being directed by Dr. Gary Foster the University of Pennsylvania will test the atkins data on 360 patients
In the meantime the heart association president Dr. Robert Bonel of Northwestern University said the organization will reconsider the atkins
Dytasame as more research results become available
Having our top academic centers look at this as wonderfully said we're still leading with small numbers of patients
We just need more data doctor Sydney Smith the heart associate and research director said it was a surprise that the atkins
Dr. Not raise LDL cholesterol one small study like this flies the face of so much evidence
We can't change dietary recommendations on the spot. He said
Dr. Alice Lichtenstein a nutrition expert at Tufty University said she thinks too much is made at the amounts of carbohydrates and fats and people's
Dineses they try to should wait she said there's no magic combination of fats versus carbs versus protein
It doesn't matter in the long run the bottom line is calories calia. She's a nutrition expert
Calories calories calories
Do you believe that nope no
Because let's say this let's say if he had like uh two hamburgers to
And let's say there's two big steaks one for lunch and one for dinner and then small amounts of protein through the rest of the day and a little bit of carbs
And he had exactly the same number of calories in refined sugar
Even nothing but candy bars and
Crispy creams all day for the same calories. Yeah
I wish you think your body's gonna function better on
duh
Yeah
Anyway, this one about I hate to burst your bubble. This thing goes on so long
You might have weighed Janet and a Hollywood. What is it? What is this facts all about is Janet doing drugs or what?
I mean, what is this?
It's hello Neil. I'm an avid listener and enjoy all your shows whether without the phone calls
Love to hear you talk about all of the great spots in Las Vegas when you're gonna go out there when you return
You'll have lots of new stuff to talk about
Great show Janet. Huh. What does that mean? I don't know
When you go out there, you'll have lots of new stuff to talk about. I'm not going out there Janet. I've already left
My contribution
It's too damn far when you realize that you can get on a plane and go into Europe and just slightly more time
Then it takes to fly from the east coast all the way out there to Vegas
I've just I've killed as many casinos as I can with my money and I love it and it's fun and y'all
I'm just burned out on it now. Maybe in a year or two. I'll change my mind about that
Also, she says PS how about playing Robby are young rants. No, but have an ice-tail Janet. Thank you
boy
wild
Field on a hue most likely to exit states like how's that pull coming on uh slated news, huh?
Which TV network slants the news the most?
We got 45 billion votes 481
Fox 162 all of them 95 CNN 72 CBS 66
NBC 61
ABC 17
MSNBC with nobody watches six and none of them only two only two people out there
Out of almost 500 say oh nobody slants the news
Field on a hue most likely to exit states left
Did I predict this? Yes
This is from USA today
Field on a hue's days in MSNBC are numbered and you don't need to go into double digits. I don't think
NBC news executives under pressure from corporate owner general electric to
Providing's are like the the cancel is talk show by years end
If Donahue gets the acts it'll be the strongest indication yet that star power alone does make you hit on the cable
And that with a variety of viewing options available cutting it there is tough
Donahue was the subject of a biting NBC centered in our live parody Saturday in which Darryl ham and played the liberal talk show host
When you when you where your own network starts goofing on you watch out it says
MSNBC averaging 392,000 viewers in prime time is a ratings embarrassment for GE
Fox News channel draws 1.5 million viewers and CNN
983,000
Donahue the king of syndicated daytime talk in the 70s and 80s kicked off his MSNBC gig in July
What are they faced an uphill fight? I go to this fully knowing the challenge he told USA today. I want to be a player
By September with this program virtually ignored by cable audiences
He was telling MSNBC's Jerry Nockman that unless he made noise by January he'd be out
The North Final decision has been made executives of told him his chances are slim
Unless his program which is running a distant third behind top rated O'Reilly factor on Fox and CNN's Connie Chink tonight can show dramatic improvement
Executives doubt that's going to happen if somebody off Donahue stature can't cut it after five months
They doubt he ever will last week and a move designed to improve ratings Donahue left MSNBC studios and see cocks in New Jersey
To return to the scene of his glory days man hatons rock a fellow senator who shows before a lost studio audience that continues this week
And then it's got question mark new gigs for mar and Ling
Who hell is Ling
Donahue Alisa Ling
Bill Mahar was on at the end of that show yesterday that talk back life. He's pathetic
He's written a stupid ass book about if you ride alone you ride with bin Laden about in other words if you don't carpool
You're oh it's he's just
Looks like he weighs about 40 pounds now. I guess he ain't eaten so good anymore. What a nebbage. Yeah, or a never-neb
That's exactly the word for him. He's a real nebbage no talent puss
1057 at 560 WQ I am here something that's good for you
There's not too much debate about this and that olive oil is a great the thing people shmir it on their feet on their arm
Places we can't even mention on the year they shmir it. Maybe even that too
And of course they put it in their body by putting their cooking and things like that
But if you want to get the purest olive oil in your body combine with vitamins minerals and herbals and other good stuff in there
To help specific parts of your health. Here's the product to do it for you. Oliomed
Oliomedimentit Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of all of these things to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support
Specific health needs. They got one to help your cholesterol get lower one to help you sleep
They have a new one to help your weight management and cook you 10 which is so then important for your heart
All using the benefits of the purest olive oil and money can buy if you want to pick up
Oliomed you can do it all over town now because it's becoming more and more popular
Fix them up at public's records and Walgreens you can get more info about their products
And what they do for you by calling their tool free number one eight six six Oliomed
That's one eight six six six five three six six six thirty three
You can also order their products online at oliomedamerica.com and if you're visiting your public's and buying Oliomed product and they were
Data-browed counties you can get you a coupon for a free Larry Coker Bobblehead doll
Wow supplies last and don't forget to visit their sampling committee in a sports town every Sunday when they're often to play in home games
To pick up some free Oliomed samples and product information start being unhealthy again by popping some Oliomed in your pussy
My
This is the Neal Roger show
This is your brain
Any questions
Box new chiller
Really like you
Stoogs Heather
We really like to
You we really like to
You're a fine looking fascist and the perfect little Nazi. I want to live their coffee through your soil
panties
The starting news looking slogan sweet
Lamping your lips like and cold
ters roast beef
Box news Heather
We really like to
You
Oh
Yeah
Box news Heather
We really like to
You we really like to
You
You ever think about you?
To the bitch
You want to go
Three way
You're gonna be on the line
You're gonna think about me
The little pink rose but between your
Fund I'll bet it tastes like bubble gum
See you next time you need a story done
Since it takes something for road to make you come
Box news Heather
We really like to
You
Box news
We really like to
You okay
11.03.5.60 WDQM
So anyway, Heather now works this original story by Paul Farrell
Washington Post that right this is May 25, 2000
Yes, so like a long time ago by one of our regular
Facts as long as we appreciate and I'm not going to read it. I mean it's much much too long
But it talks about how she bounced around from
Right sous-city to see the rapids and on every she was on MSNBC
And BBC and CNBC and PBS and ABC and
Instead of and so on shout-ditions for movies
Right, but she's a nothing
It says then it happened
Well, wait until you get to the one part which I've
Called out of this to give you a real good idea of how she's
I got it. No, no, no, no, that's coming about kind of Lisa
After bouncing around all these years then it happened Monica the Clinton-Lewinsky
Scandal created full employment for pundits of all straps but in particular
Give wide visibility to a subset of young female conservatives and culture
Laura Ingram, Barbara Olson, Kelly Antfitts Patrick, and Heather Newert
With cable networks filling the air with talk about sex and sexual harassment
The pundits as they came to be known filled a market need
A telegenic group of women who were predictably anti-clinton
And in their own way they were breakthrough figures
Now
They're good. This part where she's on with the so let's see last month
It would have been April of 2000. It says asked by Fox News host Bill O'Rider
Last month to make the case for George W. Bush's presidency for example
Newert offered this
The general philosophy that Governor Bush has is that America's great because of its people
Because of America's innovation because of our generosity because of our entrepreneurial spirit
Al Gore believes that America's great simply because of the government
I think what's important is that we need a vision
A leader needs a vision leader needs to be able to point very qualified people to his or her cabinet
Why?
A rally asked?
Newert stumbled
There's one gal. I forget her name. She's an African-American gal and she's involved. A rally says, Candelisa Rice
Newert says exactly and she does foreign policy
She didn't even know her name
Wow. She does foreign policy. She is sharp
And I think people with people like that and through having had the experience of knowing people through his father's administration
That it can help bring some of these people into his core group
Oh my god
Yeah, what a fumbling bubble
A bin bed in that. Yeah, absolute bin bed is what she is
And she's called an issue because it's part of the right wing agenda
Not only a fox I'm sure she had a lot of encouragement from there but of her own leanings
Oh yeah, we saw this on newsmax.com
Let's call up that show and expose this side of a bitch for the racist piece of crap that he really is
And let's make a big simiside of it, okay?
A big dog and pony show, especially right before election time
Didn't have any idea who I was, what the show was all about, etc. and so on
But make a big stink because we can smell it all the way up here Heather
Bim bed
Which TV network slants the news the most we yesterday on eorogers.com?
We got 42 billion votes
500 exactly, look at that. We're not in a propitious time to take a look at it
500 at 11 o'clock, can you believe that?
I've got you at least 10 of more real votes
Fox 172 all of the 98 CNN 74 CBS 68
66 NBC 62 ABC 18 see what a big drop off there
I don't think anybody even watches ABC news
MSNBC 8 and none of them two
Shocking
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Here's Miramar hello
Miramar gone
You be there
Miramar I hear you're clicking
Yeah, that's the real one
Oh, it's one of those quiteers, yeah, it's just the quiet guy
Okay, so there's no calls on the board, all you people are wanted calls back
I mean we sure haven't discussed anything, you know, worth eliciting your call today, have we?
No good, so let's just continue plodding right ahead
Sending a powerful message
New York Times suggests that Tiger should skip the masters
The New York Times suggested an editorial yesterday that Tiger would skip the masters next year
because of the all-male membership at Augusta National Golf Club
A tournament without Mr. Woods would send a powerful message that discrimination isn't good for the golfing business
The editorial said Augusta National declined comment
Now let me just interrupt my reading of this article to point out
that those people who keep poo-pooing the women's efforts to force their way into Augusta
would keep saying that Moe always says this every morning
Well, why do these women work on other important things?
There are a lot more important issues that they need to be addressing than whether or not they're letting into some golf club
Right, the same could have been said about blacks
The same could be said about any minority group who always have much bigger fish to fry
But what a lame excuse it is to say, oh, why don't you just go away and leave us alone
which is really what's being said
You have a lot more important important issues than worrying about this
Am I right?
No matter what the group is
But that's a pretty sorry ass excuse for being a sexist, a leadist bunch of blue nose assholes
Which is really what this is all about
In interviews this month Augusta National Chairman Hooney Johnson was adamant that a woman would not be among the 300 members
at Augusta by the start of the Masters in April
Johnson's comments were the first on the subject since he criticized Martha Burke and the National Council
Bracially discriminated against women
Which means others can choose not to support Mr. Johnson's golfing fraternity
That includes more enlightened members of the club CBS sports which televises the Masters and the players, especially Tiger Woods
The editorial said, sandford I whale wheel the chief executive of City Group and Kenneth Shenalt chairman of the American Express
Should lead the way for other prominent members and resign from the club
While in Shenalt have said Augusta National should admit female members they did not immediately be turned calls he can come on yesterday
Woods was headed to this week's Dermal Phoenix term in Japan and not immediately available for comment
He said he would like to see a female member at Augusta National but that the club has the right to set up its membership
However it wanted in other words if we know like Taiwan, he's people if we know like black people you're out the Tiger
Which obviously they wouldn't do but what kind of crap is that?
CBS will broadcast the Masters in April CBS sports vice president Langley had wades
Leslie and Wade said declining for the comment
The notebook has a series of one year deals since 1956 televised the Masters the highest rated golf tournament
And Mo was right about that there many other more important issues but the fact is that this is an issue
It's kind of like Rosa Parks
Why you wait about where you sit on the bus Rosa black folks we got a lot more important things to worry about than that
Does that make any sense?
No, the boss knows the boss
Exactly very well put
What kind of crap is that?
And Tiger Woods if he had any real balls himself he would say hey guess what?
My people used to be discriminated against if it weren't for the fact that somebody broke through that barrier against black people being in Augusta
Because there's a bunch of blue nose bigots running on the thing I wouldn't be here today
I would be wearing those stupid green jackets
And women should be in there and anybody else that wants to be in there
This reminds me of the Kennelworth Hotel in those ugly days back in the 50s and 40s on Miami Beach
No blacks allowed no Jews allowed and I'm sure no spits allowed by the way you guys sure that
And then overwhelmingly on this radio station being the sports all male fraternity sports niffs station
All in all these women he's bull dice man he just better leave us alone
Leave us alone let us have our fun
Freedom of association
Here's Port Saint Lucie our only call hello
Any a couple quick things
First off I'm sort of surprised in your poll that you didn't include one of the financial networks
That you're always complaining about flanting the news how they invented it you know what I'm saying?
No
Well you know how they're always reporting on you know sponsors and giving them favorable ratings
That's flanting the news
No that's not signing news though those aren't news stories those are that that's lying to the public
That's just bloody the line of the public
It was news but on my second point I mean I sort of agree with you talking about about Augusta
But what would happen if a guy tried to join the women's NBA or what would happen if a guy tried to go out for his girls volleyball team
Because they didn't offer boys volleyball
What you can't say for this though what no no I'm not
Well then how come the you're in favor of the reverse I don't know
Because this is a this is a club okay the women aren't saying that they ought to play in a matches golf tournament
They're saying that they want to be members of the club
They're not allowed to join the club they're not saying that they want to play in a men's tournament at least as I understand it
The difference between the bus that was a public bus and this is a private club I really can't agree with you
I mean I think they're schmogs
So so I think they have a way to make it wait a minute
Wait a minute that was the same reasoning that they used to exclude blacks how come everybody forgets that
I'm not saying that they're good people I think they're jerks but they have a right to be jerks
So it's not the way they want if they want if they're way for the we're not tired woods around today
If he wasn't a leading golfer in the world there wasn't so popular and didn't make them so much money
If he didn't exist you're saying that if they wanted to exclude blacks it would still be okay
I'm saying I don't agree with it but that'd be well within their right
And I think the only thing you could do to them from a government standpoint
Is probably not give them a liquor license they'd make less money if they're bar
But as far as they're missing you're missing you have to put the point
There's nobody saying that it isn't their right to do it
But they're saying that CBS and the other sponsors who are associated with them shouldn't support them until they stop discriminating
Well that's up to CBS I mean everything comes down to freedom of choice
I mean CBS has the right to choose whether they want to be affiliated with a court that's a bunch of jerks like that
Yeah well I'm going to be happy
What do you agree with somebody's freedoms or not they should still have the freedom to choose
Well it's a very blatantly bigoted and ugly thing I'll take it that
No questions
Okay thanks
12 minutes after 11 and 560 WMQ I'm infected to see those female golfers speaking ablately ugly
Yeah
Now who that was the guy in CBS that got canned because he made that dark comment
What that was the call commentator?
Whatever the hell is name right?
Ben Wright very good!
George hit the sports one!
Oh!
Ben Wright!
Because of the fact that you are
Because I remembered the words to that LPG
I want a chance to win free beer from the fromontady beer company
But he just signed up to be a preferred member that's free too
Find out more by calling 1-800-829-VIRR
This is a club by the way that anybody can join
1-800-829-VIRR visiting their website at remontadybear.com
If you're looking for a fun and different gift for somebody's birthday new baby or for the holidays
Make someone's day by sending them a cute little Vermont teddy bear
Just call 1-800-829-VIRR and a bear council will help you choose
For over a hundred handcrafted bears delivered with a card in chocolate and a colorful gift box
It's more personal and fun than flowers it'll be enjoyed forever
Choose from bears like the birthday suit bear
The Thanksgiving turkey bear or baby's first Christmas bear
Give and add somebody's name to many of the bears outfits to make your gift really personal
You won't believe the reaction you're going to get
Overnight and Saturday delivery is guaranteed
So call today 1-800-829-VIRRR or shop online at remontadybear.com
Show you care send a bear the creative alternative to flowers for any occasion
Tell that all of the authority to call 1-800-829-VIRR
5-6-5-6-3
The radio's on your side
2-1
4-1-2
What a shock
What's the matter with lesbian golfers can't you tell we really love hidden malls
The only thing that separates us from the men is the country clubs bathroom stalls
I let my girlfriend call sir Patty choose the fair on the birth sheet called daddy
Must die that five-tuney taco alright still ladies golf to me
My favorite holder doesn't have any number agree or a fairway
No, it's wet because I'm a snapper lapper I play golf and I'm gay
I'm a key time guy caught in the clubhouse
Let's be golf is the only time with the girls
I'm gay let's play LPG A still ladies golf to me
And right is this grey chick sit on my face
It's the latest golf to me
11-18-5-60 WQ and we don't want no dikes in here. I'll tell you that that's for damn sure not in my gus
Oh
This guy that sent me or whoever in hell is was this long pond respects about atkins and I'm full of Schmidt and this and that and about his percentage of how many carbs
The fact that he doesn't this specify he says 65% carbs 10 to 20% proteins and approximately 15% fat
When he doesn't specify is talking about unrefined carbohydrates he doesn't know what he's talking about
So thanks for wasting all of that time and effort and ink that you put on the appaids there but blow it out your ass
For example here's the fact that says one of my co-workers weighed 280 pounds in February today is 214 he's off all his medication
The atkins died is the best from somebody in halandale
Oi!
How do you like that?
You forgot to mention that as well
The if you're diabetic factor
Right
If you're diabetic it's one of the best ways because you're not eating those be fine carbohydrates that sent your blood sugar soaring all the time
And you can get your blood sugar under control without any if you're one of those people that takes oral medication like I do for blood sugar control
You can stop taking it all together
Because the the atkins diet or diets like that the low-refin carbohydrate diet is the perfect way to keep your blood sugar under control
But then again we got everybody's an expert
See unless you've been through it yourself unless you personally test your blood pressure your blood sugar unless you like taking control of things like that
You know what you're talking about
I'm doing it I'm starting it today how long you think the last?
Uh, till the end of the day, now or clock?
I'm doing it starting today okay for the 8 billion time nobody wants to hear about it that's okay I'm fat
Not like I used to be though there's a great story this one from the Milwaukee magazine that's gonna be fact in
Somebody yes it says a sizable concern on the day Timothy Dolan was installed as the new archbishop here
Joyful music filled St John the Evangelist evangelist walk and I read because I'm so anxious to get to the part
Joyful music filled St John the evangelist cathedral and live media coverage kept to the uplifting grander of the historic mass
For a little while at least Milwaukee's could almost forget about the sex scandals rocking the Catholic Church
Oh sorry Dennis
That is until WTMG AM 620 interrupt to the slide broadcast with an ad for a male sex enhancing drug
That's right Milwaukee's top news station ran a commercial for a product named insight which claims to boost the male function that rhymes with election
In short size does matter according to insight and now there's hope for men with under inflated egos
Mortified WTMG officials promptly yanked the ad they yanked it from the broadcast
We're not be not be forwarded run out once in its entirety said John Schweitzer WTMG general manager
It seems the station neglected the screen the azure that afternoon broadcast news stations have long been ridiculed for undercutting serious news covered
Within appropriate commercials and this chemical miscept certainly qualifies for the hall of shame it says
It was obviously a terrible oversight there was no sweep of the commercials to see if there were any content issues can see Schweitzer
And a lot of us become a rather publication for the Catholic Church it just wasn't an appropriate commercial run during the programming
Never less than the industry were on the Almighty advertiser as sacred the station has no plans to discontinue the question of a lot in other news programming
Sash Schweitzer we don't see any reason to punish the advertiser for mistake we'd be making
How do you like that?
Exactly
Now what's wrong with having a priest with a large penis?
Well, is there anything wrong with that?
I'll ask the ultra boy how many how many copies of this so that's the old one here's good news Taiwan rules oral sex isn't adultery
Oh right I bet your bubble would like to hear this a group of Taiwanese judges and lawyers say oral sex is not intercourse and so it isn't adultery
Judges are not found by the decision but it can be used as a reference in future cases 49 of 60 judges and lawyers support the view that intercourse means
Genital to genital contact the opposing camp at the law making forms as sexual intercourse should refer to any form of genital contact
But a spokesman for Taiwan's high court says there is no law stating whether oral sex is a form of intercourse and so judges are left to make their own decisions
The spokesman added whatever decisions these participants came up with during the meeting will only be a reference for judges when they handle some more cases in the future
And on named Taipei judge who opposed the decision told the Taipei times the conclusion could influence decisions in future trials
He suggests the county's criminal code the country's criminal code be amended to state clearly that oral sex constitutes sexual intercourse and they're saying no way
We like the bubble version
560560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marvel's line
Lady and Miami hello
Hey Neil how you doing?
I'm doing great
I'm by no means feminist you know but I'm not afraid ashamed to get on my knees and please my man
But I don't understand why these good old boys, Donna Augusta, won't extend a membership to women
Including 560's demandage and he makes the biggest deal about not letting women in
Because he's a sexist pig that's wine
Exactly but my thing is their argument is that it's their right not to have not to do that
But isn't it also in the Constitution to treat everyone equally?
Well you know see they keep using this thing about it being a private club and technically that is correct
Private clubs can exclude or include anybody they prefer to have but I'll say it again if they didn't allow black people to be members and Augusta still which up until not to many years ago
They do allow black people to go to the government but I'm saying if they have two members
If they didn't have any black members now do you think that CBS will be continuing to televised by the actors go through them?
Of course not
Women's discrimination is one of the most underrated forms of discrimination going on
And you have to understand especially when you see the way that most jocks treat women and I'm not talking about manage
But I'm just saying you're speaking generally that the sexism that exists among the jockocracy in this country is rampant
I mean it's a legend here so that shouldn't come as a surprise
It's about homosexuality
And that's almost all the same lines and it's just not fair
Well let me ask you do we have any out of the closet gay people or members of the Augusta Golf Club?
Oh no way
I sure don't think so
No way so
God forbid
Just passed out and I'm also a registered dietitian and I actually recommend the actions diet for over a year
Oh right
And people who have a tendency to become diabetic
And I've seen a lot of people lose a lot of weight
Excellent
They should definitely give it a try
Okay thanks we're not
All righty
Back in the kitchen now
Love you George
See ya
Yeah keep a barefoot and pregnant in the kitchen
The sexist attitudes in America today are grotesque discussing and I'll say it again this argument
I keep hearing all over our radio stations especially in a morning mo about well
And they got more fish bigger fish to fry more important issues
That's not the point
That's not the point
You can in other words only they should only be working on one or two things
Wherever you find discrimination you have to fight it
You have to break down the barriers
And you have to protest the people who support
Who subsidize these kinds of snooty obnoxious blue nose assholes and that's exactly what the whole golf establishment is
Snooty blue nose assholes
That's what it's all about
Just like when Casey Amart and whatever the hell's name was isn't that his name?
That's his name
The crypt bug golfer
Who went out of cripple but he had the debilitating illness and he had to use the wheelchair
Oh my god and he's not walking the course of it
Get outta here all the old funny dutty's Nicholas and Palmer and Gary Player all these assholes man
They should have been the first one lining up saying hey what what the hell were they worried about what are they scared of?
Like walking the fairway is like some kind of a great physical feat that has something to do with playing golf?
Oh give me a break
Of those calls you were getting?
Oh you got a rough
Oh you got a rough
Yeah have to walk the fairway man
It's a great physical ticket
Please give me a break
In addition to which on the seniors through they all use the golf card anyway they don't walk
Cutty like their maples huh all those old farts well refused to go away
Like the day that Arnie Palmer played his last golfer man these people
Oh gee what are we gonna do poor Arnie?
Like it like it meant something okay
These people aren't they hitting a golf bar are you people crazy or what?
This isn't the sport it's a freaking game it's a Bluenos game
It was invented talk about silly invented by the Scottish
In fact that's gonna be the new deal we'll let you keep women out of the gus
As long as the guys were killed how's that that a good deal sounds great
You got to stick your spoon in it
They are just a couple real quickly this one from Zach he says that Tiger Woods should take advantage of this
Opportunity and take a stance against this group of old white men who still believe that minorities and women
Dumpers deserve the same rights
Alright excellent that's what he ought to be doing but he's not
All of them money he's making playing golf you ought to be out there champ peening every minorities rights
1127 at 560 WQM you know what it comes to eating in good food there's so many good restaurants to choose from
But if you're looking for the best deli in town you can bet it's her bets
Her bets has been slicing and piling it on thick for over 30 years
It's New York style deli at its best with her bets homemade pea soup delicious daily spea daily specials
And the best pastrami corn beef and brisket and that pea soup boy is it's the real Dutch thing you know
No, did you know that that's the dust especially that's the national thing is pea soup that's the Dutch motto by the way there's nothing like a good pea
Her bets even has got the pickles coastal on cucumber salad on the table just like the good old days before all you old parts put all my other delis out of business
Her bets was even voted the best breakfast and cheap eats restaurant on city search dot com
Now's the time to start thinking about your holiday party needs to and her bets does a super stew pennies job of holiday platters and catering for your family parties or what your office to
Her bets has been serving some of my missed off corporations for years
If you order now mentioned in the arrived your show you'll get 10% off your holiday catering order you can't be to with a stick
Her bets is located on 79th Avenue just off the Palmeiro Expressway call Greg at 305-592-788-18
That's 305-592 get it right 592-788-18 reach him on the net at her bets dot com
And some of the best news is her goal is not there anymore the best deli and mommy you bet it's her bets
Hey, it's Alan now it's David. I know a way to do it from our good friends at one to cock the travel
Aspen Colorado that's the place to go if you like skiing imagine for a moment you're on the slope
You put your knees together bend slightly forwards and then you grab your pole while you put the other hand on the edge of the table
This is not acceptable who wrote this I think it was I'm not Mr. Cep Gold I know who's responsible for this sabotage
This is the heavy work that I think it too poof in that train guattle of a monkey of his well the jokes on them
Well, have you know I got connections in all your
Send me you'll see you now
Thanks
Get out of my car
Godfather what do you know what do you say?
No my most we call the twins friends what can I do for you on the day of my brothers abortion?
I am here to the man that you grant me a favor I want a sink in a head on Neil rushes
What have I done to be treated with such disrespect?
Oh Godfather I met the end of my row every day they got me raped into it
Using my name and vein and just making fun of my veins
I said no it's in here and we can I boy
You can act like a man
You know who I am
You're a man who deserves respect for here's a ticket to Vegas
Vegas
Holy face
Get me think I already live in paradise
I'll get out talk to a man like Boah I would like that
I want you to take care of our friend Mr. Mo over here
Sure Pop
Okay take a pants off fella let me show you a good time
Could you hands off me a big dummy?
I ain't dumb
Not dumb you stupid it is
Yeah but not like they say
Give me a hand here where you're looking for me
I'm out of that crap
Just a towel in the spa to keep a quiet
You know
You have a better
She's out of fintake that jackal punch
Meir to be the baby
Meir to be the baby
Meir to be the baby
Meir to be the baby
Meir to be the baby
Meir to be the baby
Meir to be the baby
Meir to be the baby
Meir to be the baby
1134 or 560 WQAM
What is 563 votes can that be real?
Nothing
I bet you're least 50 of more
Which TV network slants to those the most we got 563 votes
196 for Fox which is going to be the runaway winner looks like
Wow
All of them 121
CNN 77
CBS 69
NBC 67
And then it's way down the list ABC 19 the George Will Network
MSNBC 10 and number of about four
Also George step on top of us
It's not only Donnie hits in big trouble
But you know this week they used to be this week with David Brinkley
But now it's this week with George Will and a bunch of other idiots
Yeah
George step on top of us that he's in big trouble too
Big trouble
Why do you know cookie left cookie Roberts
And all those other
Sam Dalson still on there with that bad hair piece
I don't know because I don't watch it anymore
Evidently neither is anybody else
And George step on top of us is in big trouble
And if anybody can get him canned off that show
George Will
Speaking of TV
Yeah
Since you haven't mentioned it all day today
Clark Warns Lana and Chloe about a boy Jonathan Taylor Thomas who is secretly dating both girls tonight on small bill
Wow
How can I forget about that?
But we got the pressure of the trends coming out
I know that 30 were distracted by that
We have the pressure of the Arbitrans which is August September October
Which August is September already you know that's like dead stuff
It's already part of the summer book but that's the way it goes
It's like a rolling three month average
So this will include one new month which is October which will eventually be part of the fall book about October remember December you got that I didn't think so but that's way works
And so we'll have those numbers for this afternoon
They'll be faxing them up here frantically and then tomorrow morning we can kill some good time with that
And then tomorrow being Wednesday the noon to one hour we got some all those comedy bits
So tomorrow should be like a piece of cake like falling off a log and quite frankly
The last two days a bit like that
I think we got it the lick now you know it
So far
Yeah no seriously I do like right now
There's months thinking call on the board it should be like every line should be lit up
But I don't really care because I haven't even I haven't even got to the other tabloid stuff yet and I may not at all
You know for tabloid Tuesday
Good boy. I got all kinds of crap here how much more can Whitney take?
Panic in the palace?
Tinky condit sorted obsessions more a Gary Conduit craft
Old shocking secret behind Winona Ryder shoplifting scandal
Troubled star was high on hillbilly heroin
What huh hillbilly heroin why am I am an end gave Mariah Carey the boot
Red button sells off memories of lesbian wife
Kelly Ripa's secret beside the fact she's ugly as crap
Tons of stuff I want to know a secret
CSI Miami star Kim Delaney forced out by jealous David Caruso
I got piles of stuff here piles and piles and piles baby
Yeah exactly so what about Kelly?
I'll wait out in the pile I'll get to eventually I'm gonna rip her
This actually just happened to us in Boston of all places says this fact sir
Long time listener fan living in the pines from 82 till earlier this year
Listen on the net recently moved to the Boston area anyway I recently married a woman who has a seven year old daughter who attends Catholic school
I better listen carefully Dennis Dennis the Catholic expert
My wife at a rest husband have decided that they want to baptize the little girl to begin making the arrangements which included contacting the local priest
The priest told him unless she annulled her first marriage he would not baptize her daughter
Once you refused to have her first marriage in old he finally agreed to baptize her her father then asked me we get along well if I be the Godfather
When I agreed we contacted the priest informed him that I was going to be the Godfather and my wife's sister the Godmother
The priest informed us that he I could not be the Godfather because I'm married to a sinner to make a long story short
My stepdaughter will be baptized today non Catholic church. Let's hear all right. How do you like that huh?
All the ugly nasty hateful stories the handicap couple years ago in Chicago the Catholic church wouldn't kind of wouldn't marry them because they couldn't consummate their marriage
Oh, what would be the point? Yeah, that's right. They can't they can't make new members of the flock right they like a lot of flock and going on a Catholic church
And if it's not in the rectumry it's somewhere else
Speaking of that I love this story even though it's oh dated seven athletes arrested
Seven Methodist college football players were charged last Thursday with hazing another student in the team's locker room after practice Monday
One of the players senior wide receiver Antonio Wilkerson was charged with a secondary sexual offense
He was released in five thousand dollar bond
The others junior crashed in Davis and senior James Brown angel Garcia answered Jamar Brown angel Garcia Jamal Leguet will
McFall and Sean Watkins were charged with hazing and released without having to put up bill
Davis and McFall declined the comment others couldn't be reached according to witnesses the group of upper class
McGotton are wrestling match with a freshman teammate immediately after coming off the field from practice
Such horseplay is not unusual several team members said Thursday
But this time the wrestling got out of hand it got out of their hand there was a lot of stuff going on running around getting people
Wedgies writing on the victim is but with a sharpie pen so one of the players I guess they crossed the line
A report filed with the Cumberland County Sheriff's Office by campus police said the attackers held the victim down
Stripped in those underwear and attacked him numerous times on the rear end
Backed him
There were also attempts to write on the victim's naked rear end before one participant identified as Wilkerson
Sexually assaulted the victim with the pen the report said oh
You think it was a ballpoint? Let's hope not or sharpie. Oh
The victim was taken to the emergency room with Kate Fear Valley medical center
He was treated and released he filed a report with campus police that evening the players were immediately suspended from the team
Last Wednesday campus police officer filed criminal charges
Good methodist spokeswoman Cynthia Curtis had the coulvers investigating were disturbed by it she said but we feel like we've taken appropriate action
Curtis said while the schools administration is concerned about what happened to the locker room attack and isolated incident methodist person
Elk why sorry I was saying yeah right yeah right methodist president Elton Hendricks and head football coach Jim Spoyle
Spiled whatever his name is the climate comment their mom
Their mom on the matter how do you like that one just a tag he just raped him with a ballpoint penigar rape it
Yeah, but it was all in the name of sports
It was all just horseplay baby it was all just a little locker room fun it was just guys running around naked snap and towels on each
Other's ass and having some good locker room fun gay boys being gay boys right
I'm actually the mad dog continue lots about that the same mad dog that don't want any of those broads messing up with
Their fun at the masters up there in Augusta at that men's exclusive men's only club and like I said they can have men only they
Can have whatever they want only but why the hell should the networks be subsidizing it why should the guy then
Sponsors be subsidizing them and finally because of the pressure they they had no sponsors this year this coming year
Hmm yeah they're gonna they're gonna like foot the build themselves the network which don't want to tell that much anyway
Which TV network slants the news the most we asked and we've got a staggering response 575 votes
I bet you least five of them are real votes Fox 138 all are in 129 CNN 78 CBS 69 NBC 68
M or ABC 19 M is NBC's all way up to 10 you got 10 viewers fill release somebody on there and none of them for we had actually a few people
New who lester whole was that was good who 18 till noon at 560 WQM we know who Brandy's are even had a song about them
Remember that Brandy's you're fine shoe looking glass and Brandy's you're fine shoe store and they really are Brandy's has been doing it right in that same
Great location and pumping obi for years and they get repeat business like crazy because people know that they can't get a better shoe deal all
The way around that's why they slept their feet the Brandy's with the biggest selection of men's of women shoes anywhere in town with the best
Prices with friendly knowledgeable service people I know your feet inside and out people who don't mind smell in your feet
And of course they got every size under the sun as well Brandy's is open daily 9 to 9 Sundays 10 to 5
And you'll find them in that same great location like I just said 12 90 North Federal Highway and Pompano Beach and all this week at Brandy's by multiple
Pairs of S a S and save like crazy even more than usual by one pair and get you $5 off on the second pair $7.50
Sense off on the third pair and 10 bucks off on the fourth pair got that did you write that down? No, where you better it's going on all this week at Brandy's is in right now
You got out where the packet is
That's your hair fits all challenge brand you know better get my day to college was a lot of money
Why you could see a double P.J. with a live show and buy a hot dog couple of hoodies and a brand new Pueblo for a quarter
And then what a day when a steering wheel was the same size as the tie it
Yeah
Sir, I'm under my new white shoe
Yeah, that was me why you keep it for I was hoping it was me getting too weak for even that I should be so lucky lucky
Smell spread it in my wife's hands and sweat you don't like the smell of hot baloney
Hey wait up wait up the past is too tough and you said you wanted it out there no I asked if you found out
They fell in the train you know they tell me news upstairs and when I go bother him
He brings the v no deal yeah, I don't know some cold or in the club you never will you still got those boots the spooky
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
Hard as a paradise
It is paradise I didn't realize that Greg was a waiter at Pompe no park I'll have to look for him next time I'm up there
Notice that
1147 at 560 W to come in a good news is the reason I play that is because the little free plug I get in here for my buddies at Pompe no park
Dick Pineburg tells me that's starting and I can't remember the date when Pompe no park opens like four nights a week starting on Monday nights
Which I'm sure is by the first of the year on Mondays we're bringing back the free spaghetti dinner on the fourth floor how do you like that
Not great with all these shake on parmesan you can eat I can't wait to see that see a blue hair out there on a fourth floor in fact out front waiting to get in
For the free spaghetti dinner it'll be great in fact I think this year will break all the records I'm gonna pack that place
We're gonna get people driving down from Jacksonville from Jojo for free spaghetti at Pompe no park this year
Ice cream packages shrink a less than a half a gallon that's the the pressing
Well now you have to buy two yeah I have to buy two of those now I'm trying to think if I ever actually ate a half a gallon of ice cream at one time I know
That would be even if I admitted that wouldn't that be like over the line that'd be a little porky yeah I never did that
Quart no problem a leader which is a little more than a quart piece of cake no sweat actually be good on a piece of cake chocolate
Ooh that chocolate marshmallow kind of cake you know I'm talking about yeah mmm or on pie
The half gallon ice cream condemn that crazy butt pie I do like Denny's pies though I like that like the Korean cream some ice cream on top of it nice apple alamone
Yeah that's for goyem all right the half gallon ice cream can when you shut up already so I can do this story Jesus cry
You just want to do the rest of the show today because I don't I'm saying like it a little nasal here you know like that
Just keeps mumbling and mumbling you're up to your old ways again you're mumbling I can't understand a damn thing you're saying
I don't want those headphones on you out of your mind the half gallon ice cream container they sweet standard of groceries store freezers for decades is starting to shrink
While manufacturers over the years reduce the packet size of everything from candy bars to dis detergent the traditional ice cream brick
Remained what it was the half gallon not anymore not no mo now pinched by rising ingredient cost and afraid to raise prices already above five bucks
At least two ice cream makers have started silently to phase it out the half gallon with 1.75 quart cartons I have find smaller
I bet you could polish that off
Huh?
It's one place one and three quarters quartz now I couldn't do it.
Dryers which is based in Oakland California and sells the dryers and eaties brand so we're not fond of eaties
We like to people who sell it but we don't like that began introducing the smaller package in March the new and old cartons can be found side by side during the transition identical in shape and design and price
But one has two quarts the other one three quarters quartz we have over a hundred flavors in many of them because people are preferring indulgent chunky flavors
Cost more to produce than regular flavors like vanilla said dryers folks woman duri Bailey we like to keep the cost of the price that's more affordable to folks
Schwands which sells primarily via a 7,000 vehicle feed of home delivery trucks made the switch in 2000 year area of Schwands yes I heard a Schwands Northwest
Never heard of it other major ice cream makers including good humor briars and turkey hill are sticking with a half gallon for now
I don't get it.
First of all why does there have to be a half gallon?
There does.
Can you just buy like a bunch of quarts and when they make you buy more that way if they were like clever more clever packaging why don't you buy a half a gallon of ice cream?
I give up and I envision I envision people who buy like seal test what do they call me a polyton you know the three the chocolate vanilla strawberry yeah that's for goyem okay those
Seriously definitely for people with absolutely no taste at all.
Neopold chocolate strawberry and vanilla that is not strawberry.
Oh that's almost as bad as plain vanilla ice cream.
Italy rejects pornography tax Italian lawmaker's have voted not to impose a heavy tax on pornography the government had proposed a levy on the manufacture distribution and sale of pornographic magazines comes in video tapes but the chamber of deputies voted 250 to 57 not to impose a 25% tax on the material.
When premier Sylvia or brother Skoney's conservative government he he's got to be the biggest cook in the world today in government I mean even Osama Yamama and well he's not in government Saddam Hussein small potatoes compared to Sylvia or brother Skoney who's over here shaking it with bush couple
We months ago remember that nope when premier Sylvia or brother Skoney's conservative government announced a proposal last month it sparked a debate among those opposed to such a high levy other said the government should
Bandport outright not make money from it at citizens so on but they said no way Jose that's a good stuff.
5 670 5 I sure like to get a couple of calls in in between all this great stuff as my pile continues to be you know you got a huge pile but they just aren't there you know can you imagine if I was still just taking calls and I'm doing all this other stuff I can't here's Miami hello.
Yes sir I just wanted to say that I think that it's the Augusta that woman actually be surprised at what a woman could do with a golf club yeah yeah and I wanted to tell you all there's no fact in Augusta.
Okay sin now you know why there was no calls yeah seriously how is it possible for an area the size of South Florida to have no material about anything look at the stuff that we've talked about here today just in these first three hours
staggering we could write a book about it and these people like that it's very it's terrifying and yet those months that we shut the phone down oh gee we want to hear those callers back like that call right there he was pretty entertaining
what they know I was sensation he was so simplifying 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line speak now or hold it forever that's my suggestion to you get with it now or lose it.
You know what they're coming like one at a time now they don't want to over do the same person you never know here's Miami again hello. Hey me how you doing okay I got a fire report every other day whatever you talk about the Schmidt head is talking about the same thing yesterday he was talking remember you mentioned about the chemicals going through the breeding right so just uniform exact same material 3 30 yesterday yeah I'm going I think you know what you're talking about.
So I think he's a cause of a listener and I don't think so because first of all I'm pretty sure he doesn't because he does the show in the morning and then again the afternoon in Tampa so I was on the afternoon.
Is it opposite you in the morning I'm sorry let me let me sit again he does a show in the morning I think I don't know who carries it not not in this market and a show in the afternoon is on I would do it's also on he operates out of the does it show from WFLA in Tampa.
Right so the opposite of you and the more he's he's on on the same time he's not opposite me because I'm not on that market but he wouldn't be listening to my show because he's on the earth at that point see it it's all it's one of those stories that was on a wire services that wasn't like an exclusive to this program so I'm out.
It's not only yesterday I mean last week he was also talking something that he's already heard on your show yeah he's talking about the same thing in the afternoon I just thought maybe with a closet listener but maybe maybe he is in the closet.
Maybe he's listening while he's going to show he is simply Tampa radio like I told you before he's strictly Tampa radio and I said that before I knew where he was doing the show from remember when he first came on here we thought he was doing the show at IOD he's been doing the show at FLA in Tampa all along and that show is vintage Tampa radio I mean it's exactly what you expect from WFLA week he's a rush wannabe he's like a minor league rush and the only reason he's got any numbers is because he takes the the right wing number from rush and runs with you know I'm sorry.
I'm not saying that's his leading and by the way speaking of lead ends since that trend is coming out this afternoon and I on record you heard me say this many many times in spite of most protestations throw a number in there for a small in the morning okay haven't I been saying that yes just this one time we're not rooting against you were rooting for you because even if it's only for selfish reasons we want those extra bonuses okay baby we want the entire station to have big goddamn juicy numbers that's what it's all a boot so throw one in there this time.
I'm going to be sitting right by the edge of my tax machine here you believe me well not on the edge no not even going to be close I'll be out the I'll be out shopping for atkins ice cream no I'm not going to be eating any ice cream half gallon I'm serious I got to get through
release a couple of days of this I've gained some weight back especially when I was down there that's when I gained the weight back right I go over to pizza loft you know ponytail invites me I got to come and see the new place and take my friend Marcy there and we go in there and he brings they bring me a portion of food enough for the whole goddamn radio station it could have fed fat boy fat Julio and Josh Friedman and still had leftovers honey like that that's how much he brings me and you wonder why I'm fat again I was looking lovely there for a while for a couple of days wasn't
yeah for about five little shirts you know and it was a frumpy wrinkle pants let me 56 it fight you just wait till you see that great thing I'm going to be wearing from my buddies at pomp and opa when I come back
to stand right there in the window and show it right to mow whoop it out for him if you find yourself looking in the mirror speaking I'm wondering where the hell did the real hair go Jesus got Almighty where the hell did that hair disappear to here's the answer Chuck Alphierry he's the only guy in the world he ought to turn to somebody's people try to set your holes in the head
you know for the implants actually drill holes in your head some of them I've seen that forget about it the blood starts dripping down your forehead and people either they run like crazy and start screaming or they laugh their ass off at you if you wear a piece like Sam Donaldson or like the one Bob Eisenberg used to wear the laughing at you too in fact Bob Eisenberg ought to be a poster child for Chuck Alphierry because he used to look so silly made so much fun about the muskrat down on his head and what did he do he went to Chuck Alphierry and for him he's looking pretty good now how do you like that so if we can do it even for Bob Eisenberg we certainly can't do that
we can do it for you guys out there the price is right the system is a hundred percent detectable it looks like there's really going out of your scalp instead of like some barnyard animal down on your head
and if you mention the oranges when you call Chuck Alphierry he gives you that special $200 QA and discount here's how it works they call you in for a free consultation they'll sit you down and show you just how much better and younger Charlie can make you look
and if you don't love the way you look in fields and smells Charlie gives you a full refund up to 30 days so make that call today because you got nothing loose but that ugly glaring bald spot and that reflection off the top of your shiny head
call 183-124-13 that's 183-124-13 or log onto their website Charles Alphierry dot com
my local we're sports radio 560-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-
I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out
and finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. I'm finally out of here. This boats give
I'm finally out of here. This boats give raises all my desires. Everybody's going straight
Got in the dump of room, with farting wood isn't meant best
It's really impossible to conceal, farting wood isn't meant best
I feel like a bachelor, without a wheel, farting wood isn't meant best
It's almost impossible to conceal, farting wood isn't meant best
I feel like a bachelor, without a wheel, farting wood isn't meant best
12.2.5.60 W.C.M. speaking of diet, the pork wins out
They sent it voted today, 52-47 against the Democratic Airport, district what they called, seven special interest provisions out of legislation creating a Department of Homeland Security
So the pork is still in there
The provisions which include liability protections for pharmaceutical manufacturers and companies that develop anti-terrorism technologies
In other words, pork for big business have been inserted into legislation by House Republicans and approved by the House last week
This is an atrocious demonstration of demeaning the legislative process, Senate Majority Leader Tom Bashall said before the vote, they ought to be ashamed of themselves
But Jueling Senator Phil Graham, Republican of Texas said it was not worth risking the overall bill by stripping out the provisions
I think that's a risk not worth taking and I further believe the bill is a better bill with the seven provisions in a Graham said as he wiped the jewel off his chin
The bill if enacted would create a 170,000 employee department dedicated to fighting domestic terrorism
President Bush said getting the bill signed into law this year is the top priority
More votes on legislation are scheduled today but it was not clear when the vote on final passage would take place because of an expected debate the final vote may not take place today
Yesterday, Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, announced that he would sell with Democrats on the vote to strip the seven provisions from the bill
But most moderates opposed the Democratic effort and Senator Dean Barkley, the independent from Minnesota voted with Republicans
Thanks a lot Jesse, Jesse Ventura and a fit of peak
Although wouldn't have made any difference because the Republican won anyway, Norm Coleman, the anxious Republican from Minnesota won anyway, right?
Right, so he'd have been in there anyway
Wouldn't he?
Wouldn't he?
No, not today, what's today, I don't know what the date is
Well, eventually
56670560, look at the way these call are coming in one at a time, you notice here's Kendall, hello
Hey Neil, what's up father?
Yes sir, how you doing?
Hi, man, I caught the tail end of that 40 tax
How were they intending on taxing for therapy? Was it by like the amount of tax, the amount of key involved?
Yeah, by the, uh, sports court, by the orgasm
Yeah, that's what it was, but we did pretty good
You will be fine to get a job right now
Hey, okay, have a great day, pal, whatever you said, kind of beggin new phone
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&TL
Look at this, good morning Neil, you mentioned the Kendall worth hotel, might have been incident that happened
In 56 or 57 when I came down to visit my grandparents who spent every winter here at the Saxony hotel
I remember that well, Saxony, the Atlantic Towers
All those rundown old hotels up there in the north
You know what I'm talking about? No
Yeah, you do, like in the central part of the beach, you know, between where the fountain balloon, the Eden Rock are right now
I would like to say, I was 14 or 50 and wanted to go out and fight others, my own age, with whom to spend evenings
I didn't want to hang around my grandparents and their friends
A few of us, this kid's decided to go to hotel hopping
We wound up at the Kendall worth and walked into the lobby
I was wearing a mizuzat around my neck
Oy!
And I received a couple of years before as a bar mitzvah present
So it was obvious to anyone who saw that I was Jewish
We had been wandering around the lobby for about five minutes when a man came up to us and said I had to leave the hotel
When I protested, I did nothing to deserve being thrown out of the hotel
He said to me, you are a Jew, aren't you?
I said something like, sure, so what? To which you replied, we don't allow dogs or Jews in here so get out
I was shocked in my 14 or 15 years of life I never been exposed to anything like this
I had no idea that things like this happened and was a wake up call to me
When I told my grandparents about it the next day they told me that that type of thing happened where they came from quite often
They tried to explain it to me but never could
That incident more than anything else I can remember shaped my belief that discrimination in any form is a great wrong
Absolutely correct Bob
Bob's got to send the facts
Remember Bob?
I do know
So there you go and that's what, and of course you notice we're not going to any response on that
Because they all be calling in the mad dog about the tiger and about the New York Times and the tutorial
And the be calling out all the other shows, the sports they're showing where they can get the sympathy
All these women go bother somebody else
And I guarantee if it was Jews, if it was blacks, if it was Hispanics
There was the Chinaman's chance in hell in this day and age or if it was Chinaman
There was no chance in hell if they'd say, oh well we're not going to let that meet in either
And expect CBS to continue covering it and sponsors to continue in the future subsidizing it
No chance
But women, like I said, knock them up, let them stay in the kitchen in the bedroom and get them out of our face
That's what George says
And you did, and that works like a term
Here's my new beach, hello
Yeah, the soup is the name of the pea soup in Holland
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Hello
Yes
Are you there?
I heard you, yes
Okay, no, I didn't hear any response
Well, what am I supposed to be surprised?
No, no, no, because you were talking about earlier, I just wanted to get the right word out but
Yeah
Hey, what are you doing in Toronto anyway?
It was just kind of wetter
What am I doing? I'm enjoying it very much
What do you mean this kind of weather? What does that mean?
No, it's great down here
At the moment
Yeah, it's great right here
It's like 443, I have no problem with it
I'll be an Amsterdam not too distant future, it'll be like in the 30s and 40s there, what's wrong with that?
Oh no, I just think, you know, whatever
I want myself up with some of that great pea soup
Okay, yeah, and do you put the sausage in there?
Yeah, put the little sausage in there too, right?
Because I always had to prom here when the order is here, I always have to ask a hotdog with no bread
Never leave out the sausage
That's it, the sausage got to go there
Okay, Doc-A-Vell puts some of it in here, you're done
You're done
5,670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
Oh
We want the calls, Neil, the calls, that's the...
That guy had a call Friday, he was one of the old time best
They're paying you all that money to take phone calls, no they're not
Yeah, they are
Maybe he can allope with Dennis, maybe we can give him a date
Speaking of Dennis, what a great segue, didn't even realize it
A priest who was accused but never convicted of child molestation has been defrocked by Pope John Paul the tooth
For disobeying orders not to serve as a priest in public
Anthony Chipola
Love the sauce
Anthony Onion
Anthony Chipola, if it didn't have anything to eat with the canon lawyer to discuss
Appealing the Pope's order to lay aside him and could not be immediately reached
The Vatican decreased states that the penalty is unappealable, said Ronald Lenguin, spokesman for the Pittsburgh diocese
I've never encountered anything like this, Bishop Donald Whirl of Pittsburgh said
There's sufficient evidence to indicate Chipola didn't seem to understand these seriousness of all of this
It wasn't clear when Chipola was defrocked but church officials told the Pittsburgh Post Gazette for the additions on what they is this
On Sunday that it happened recently
Chipola has denied various molestation charges against them that first surfaced in 1978
One of the accusers sued an 88 in the Pittsburgh diocese, said in the case of 93
Whirl has been battling two disciplines, Chipola since becoming Bishop in 88
Chipola was ordained in 1972, he was charged in 1978 with costing a nine-year-old boy who went to his rectory
For the first communion instruction, the boy's mother later dropped the charges saying she was pressured by church officials
Another man, Tim Bendig 33 sued an 88, alleging that Chipola began molesting him when he was 12, he said the abuse continued till he was 17
Probably got too old at that point, like Michael Jackson's chimp bubbles
The dicey settled that case over Chipola's objections in 93, five years after Whirl had removed him from public ministry but allowed him to remain a priest
Chipola has not had an official priestly assignment since church officials said 91 he appealed his removal from public ministry to the Vatican which ordered him reinstated 93
Whirl refused to comply with the Vatican's order to return to Rome which Chipola's file including the 78 police arrest report in 95
The Vatican reversed itself and Chipola was again officially barred from public ministry
Anthony onions sounds like a mobster
Whirl petitioned the Vatican and may asking the Pope to lay aside Chipola meaning he no longer could celebrate mass or we see final support from the diocese
Whirl said the final straw was a report that Chipola was recognized while trying to celebrate a mass at a church in Rome of all places
The diocese and official said Chipola repeatedly served public as a priest in violation of the 95 ban
How do you like that? They said your ban, he said no I'm not, you're not going to do it anymore, yes I am
Real mess in there, you know, in fact Dennis talk about doing productive things instead of wasting your time calling about your stupid radio talk shows
You ought to be in there cleaning up the mess in your own church Dennis, there's no mess, you ought to be cleaning up your deal
You're not going to do it anymore, you're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore, you're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore, you're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore, you're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore, you're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore, you're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore, you're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
You're not going to do it anymore
That's not the least of the...
Nice teeth though, I did like that
I did like that teeth though, I did like that teeth though, I didn't get away
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
How about this unbeatable rate of only 3.95%
That's right, financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95%
And all you got to do to take advantage of this is call them and find out what it's all about
Call financial group tool free at 1-800-940-L-E-N-D
Tell them Todd direct-twenty to call
That's 1-800-940-5363
The money you're going to save is...
Think about it, you can get yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan for only 450 bucks a month
Or a 200 thousand dollar loan for only 150 bucks a month
The process is simple, you'll save thousands of dollars each year
So call our good pizons at financial group at 1-800-940-L-E-N-D
Because there's never been a smarter time to get you a low interest rate than right now
Call financial group and be on the way to big savings
Financial group is an equal housing lender
You're listening Hoody, they're an equal housing lender
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change
So call now tool free 1-800-940-L-E-N-D
That's 1-800-940-5363
My, and locals, this is 4205 City
You ain't who I am
If you like Klondike bars, you'll love Bulldyk bars
Hey you, what would you do for a Bulldyk bar?
It's a big iron bar that Bulldyk's hit men with
Say you're a man!
I didn't do anything!
I guess you don't have to do anything for a Bulldyk bar
Here, have another one! You pig!
Bulldyk bars, if you're a man, you don't have to do anything
Just hang around and odds are you'll get one
Out, stop that! You pig!
You man! You pig man!
From 17 to 560, I think that's what they're really hoodie in the crowd there, hoodie in the blowfish
What they're psychotic about there in Augusta
They don't want a big bunch of Bulldyk's start to join in there, you know?
Right, I'll just bring you up to place
So let me ask you, what's been right?
Here's Miami Beach, hello
Hello?
Yes sir
What's this right here that a gust of 1-1-1-1-1
Number two, what's this about Lincoln not feeling too good?
Yeah, okay
It's only the top story on a goddamn, uh,
It's all the sports pages today pal
New York Times Editorial yesterday
5,6705, city, whatever the hell I was supposed to mean, okay?
By the way, time to put your teeth back in for the next call
5,6705, 60, pound, 560 on the AT&T
And Verizon Wireless Line
It's terminal, here's Pompano, hello
Okay, like I said, let's get to my stuff now
How is it? Always during the noon to 1 hour?
I mean, you have to squeeze out whatever you can between like 9 to noon
But then between noon and 1 day
It's like somebody just pulled the plug, it's always there out to lunch
They got time
What does that mean?
That they got time to make a call from their little capital
Oh, these people, this crowd I see
How much more can Whitney take when I talk about Ray Whitney?
Come on, now what are you giving me then?
I don't want it to kill a rip of story
Okay, it's way down
It's way down here, okay in my pile, it's about like number 5 in my tabloid Tuesday
Nobody cares about Whitney anymore
The hell they don't, she's washed up
She's still shrieking it out
Yeah, nobody cares
And good old downtown Bobby Brown, he doesn't care anymore
Tell you RIPPA's secret
Wait a minute, yeah?
Secret collapse
Oh, health nightmare, ripping pregnant star apart
And I got news for her
Oh, and also what about many knees pain?
Tiny standards rehab to kick your booze habit
What are you giving me that?
I feel sorry for him
Well, we'll get into that
But anyway, Keller, RIPPA, whatever an LR name is
Kali RIPPA is being ripped apart by devastating panic and anxiety attacks
That are destroying her sleep attacking her health and living her mentally and physically exhausted
The tremendous stress of working two jobs while being pregnant during her two small children
And dealing with intense family problems as thrusty, 32-year-old beauty into a desperate battle to hold her life together
Kali's being ground down by a night tear is that repeatedly jar her awake cold sweats
Shortness of breath, this orientation aches in pain and a annoying feeling of being overwhelmed
While she appears bright and perky on live with Regis and Kali all over her ugly
The talented performer citing a secret collapse from the show's viewers
The constant pressure came to a head when Kali flew from her nearer home for an October 20th security event on a west coast
She returned home completely wrung out and fell apart in front of her devoted husband Mark Consuelo's source to say
Kali sobbed and gasped her breath as she told Mark how the anxiety in life is consuming her and inside it of obviously the inquiries she collapsed
Mark tried desperately to help his wife but she cried herself in a complete exhaustion
Are you like working up a real sympathy for her?
No, I'm not either, she makes me sick
Why did she see that? Why was I wait down on my pile?
I thought it was something spicy, you never know what it was
It is not that spicy, it's just another one that was sympathy and another one that was puffed
Yeah, that's all
When you kept teasing it, you didn't say it all the time
I kept teasing it because the pictures in there show you how ugly she really is, that's why
Not that there was any big, big spicy thing
It was a spicy thing you would have heard it yesterday, okay?
She is definitely one of the spicy girls
Now many me, that's another story
Vern
And here's a picture of a hard drink in Vern taking a swig
Hmm, of a mini beer
Half-pine actor Vern Troyer has entered rehab to kick the deadly booze habit that almost killed him
And recovering addict Robert Downey Jr. is giving him a boost out of the wagon
The 32-inch tall star who plays Mini Me in the Austin Powers movies checked into wavelengths
Rehab Center in Malibu after the inquire reported that exclusively in September
He'd been hospitalized for a near fatal bout of alcohol poisoning
When you're that small, I guess you don't have to drink an awful lot
No
To check out
Right
Something good came out of the bad publicity
Vern's problem was finally out in the open of friend declared Vern realized he had a stop-drinking
He knows he could have died from his wild vendor just before Labor Day
The inquire story was a real wake-up call
This is kind of like the inquire patting itself on a back like we saved his life
He chose to go to wavelengths to place credit with helping Downey stay sober for more than a year
Because he felt the center stuff program and secluded canyon location
Offered him the best chance of getting sober and staying alive
Downey who still attends weekly meetings at wavelengths has been Vern's guardian angel
Since the miniature movie star decided to turn his life around the friend told the inquire
With all the respect that still rather have timmy from passions
Just looks like her eyes are gonna pop right out of her head
Vern feels he doesn't have to explain his feelings to Robert when Vern feels shaky turns to Robert to get him over the hump
Vern is allowed to leave the rehab center for various reasons and sometimes Robert meets up with him
He told Vern I'm there for you brother the hardest part is staying away from the temptations of this business
And it goes on a great length but like you said who cares
I'd rather have timmy still around wouldn't you?
Oh yeah
You don't know from the other day
He's been in a lot of things and he was in something else the other day and I don't remember what
Oh the Grinch
You saw who the other day?
Little Timmy in an older movie like the Grinch
I think because I had never seen that
When's his new stuff coming out?
Here's Miami, hello
Hello
Yes sir
Hey I don't know if you saw your colleague last night on the sports camp prior to the Monday night game
But I don't know because they don't carry sports in here at all but never allowed
Okay all right I forgot about that but anyways
It's to paraphrase the mad dog he was alright
He came out and said he goes
Why can't we have a place where we can drink beer smoke to guard
Make guy bodily function noises and just be ourselves
And I would imagine that three hugging started a sipping people will be calling the show all afternoon
So it's probably a great lead in for the show
Probably going to have great numbers but he's right
Why do people want to belong where they're not wanted?
I mean I can understand if it was a thing where you're going to make money and it's restriction of trade
But the social group and they don't want them
So in other words if they still didn't want black people there
And he hangs up that's the end of that card so to come off
That's the end he told you what for
Oh I see
And then he's quoting
Get your own material by the way quoting the mad dog and chardonnay sipping whatever the other crap is you know
Which is just another huggers
Yeah
Just another homophobic slurers all that crap is you know
Lighting the loafers, chardonnay sipping all the
And not as much as these guys who want to sit around and belch and fart
Guess what they do have those places it's called a bar
It's called a bar we're not talking about a pickup bar and by the way to kind of broads that they're going chasing after in the pickup bar
I'm probably also belching and farting and doing the wrong thing there too
And then you notice every time you bring up the thing and it's so obvious
I mean it's right they're staring you in the face
Here's the number one golfer in the world assuming golfer is important which it's not
Here's the number one guy in the youth
Who's heads and shoulders above everybody else
Maybe the greatest of all time he's half black half Taiwanese or whatever it is mix and match
Right a little more time other things thrown in there
Yeah
And not too many years ago I think what was it 11 years ago that they left the first black member in Augusta
Not too many years ago they wouldn't know what his ass in there
And they don't confuse us with the fact it's not the same he's a guy you know right
Right
You're dealing with a bunch of bigoted redneck Yahoo's okay is what you're dealing with
And Amanda ought to be ashamed of himself
Can't let us guys that yeah you can have it just don't expect the guy to be public
The networks and the sponsors to subsidize it
And if CBS sports decides that they want to go ahead and show it which they're going to do
Then they're going to take a lot of flag from it which they deserve that's the way it works
There's going to be a lot of people boycotting and marching and demonstrating and protesting
Because that's the way things start unraveling that's how you get that's how you break down the barriers of prejudice and bigotry and stupidity
And quite frankly if I want to be aligned even though she is a militant bitch this burqwoman
If I want to be aligned with the cause I sure as I wouldn't want to be aligned with hoody Johnson
And a bunch of Georgia rednecks a bunch of Yahoo's but I eat to eat its own
26 past noon at the shardonnays sipping and all the same old trite lines get your own material that that's why he ran away so fast
God forbid he should have to answer a question with his own response
26 past noon at 560 WQM Thanksgiving everybody's going to be flocking home to be together again
Even women are allowed I guess they got to do the cooking
Gathered around the table with delicious homemade food and family traditions after all it's not the turkey that makes the meal special
It's the people getting ready for hungry guests can be really stressful especially if they be staying overnight
If you're having a house full for Thanksgiving let dial a mattress make your holiday preparations a little bit easier
Now's the time to call 1-800 mattress and get the new mattress in before house guests get there
If they already told you they're coming or if you don't hear from them till 9-4
Dial a mattress can deliver a top quality seely service in King Royal mattress the very same day you call them
I've been sleeping on a dial a mattress for years and I'll tell you one thing
Even though I may be a wreck my back isn't great shape
Call dial a mattress right now at 1-800 mattress and talk turkey with a vet and consult the choose from the very best mattresses
At even better unbelievable proit a prices unbeatable you can rest easy the Thanksgiving
Know that everybody is sleeping and comfort so get ready for the holidays now by calling 1-800 mattress
Be sure and tell them that old Neil and fat boy totally to call it mandatory Neil and fat boy
1-800 mattress for dial a mattress brand name bed same day service call them now be sleeping like a baby 2-9
My life and love this is 4-0-5-6-1 way to go away
I don't have a clue
I used to think that I could not be on that day would keep quite because I'm a star
And now the years are fast for copying for you
As long as grass is on the plate you can feel you
If I can see it can I can do it if I just believe it
And they're my charades I'm a big petafide I believe I can touch my thigh
You can see it on video tape don't fear I'm more than tried to rage if her parents come home
You see me running through that open door I'm a big petafide
How young is too young
I'm a big petafide I'm a big petafide
Property to it 560 WDQFC we don't have any women basically listen to this radio station because it's an all I'd say sports club
But like you say a sports bar with a microphone
And we have very few women especially compared to what we used to have and I would do we don't have a huge woman audience but we sure as hell had a lot more than we got now
We have a couple of women
We have just a smattering of women who are listening to the show now
And so it's very you know that's a popular thing to go on here and say oh yeah well these damn women try to bust into our thing
First of all talking about sitting around and belching and farting in the being guys
That's hardly the image that the master is especially of all of golf tournaments that that gives
People like Jack Nicholas and the Tiger Woods and his crowd this blue nose crowd they don't give the impression of the kind of guys that sit around like a farting in your face
You see what I'm saying?
Yeah
Find a sports bar okay that's the place to go good sports bar we like
Yeah but that's Stogi mad dog in fact he does a show that that show this guy's talking about sports jam
He's jamming in there on the in those bars
Yeah he can fart and drink and booze it up
How about your green lizards and do whatever you want
It's just a tragic excuse for a bunch of discriminatory assholes is what it is
And maybe the fact that they figure that most of these women the golfers are diced anyway
That might be also lurking in the back of their minds you think?
Oh no not in Joe Dent
Here's my knee B, tello
Neil
Yes sir
How you doing?
Okay
Hey listen I'm gonna stop but my comment is saying I'm not a golf fan
I didn't know who who who he Johnson was before all this stuff with a gutter
You didn't give a hoot?
I didn't give a hoot but I have an opinion on it
You know it is a private club
I think you know I don't know I'm a Hispanic
I know he wouldn't accept me in his club
But then again I wouldn't want to belong to a club that wouldn't accept me anyways
That woman who's trying to bust on the doors of a gutter
Why don't you just build their own golf club and have it just for women?
I don't understand
Yeah in fact I think probably Rosa Parks should have built her own bus too
I mean it is you know if it was a public place and they were you know not allowing a certain group of people
And then you know that's a problem
No see this is like a dog chasing its tail okay
And the guy that called from before from the beach is right it's a little stale news
Because you know it just keeps saying the same thing over and over again
A private club can do whatever they want but that doesn't mean that a major network should glorify it
And put it on the ear and that major sponsors are the subsidized it that's what the issue is
So you don't confuse a lot of these people with the real issues
Which is why who did Johnson and his crew of Luna thick said
Okay well we'll just dispense with the sponsors we'll put the bill ourselves this time
That will eliminate the issue so that we don't have to cave in
And let those then bitches get in here
5670560.560 only AT&T line
The jury wasn't told about when on his powerful painkiller oxy condone
That one on ahead in her purse when she was arrested
The morphine the derivative is so popular on the streets is known as hillbilly heroin
You got any? Yeah
But because when on his doctor gave her the oxy codone?
Oxy condone
Do you think I'd be having a problem to be reading here man?
Maybe. Oxy codone
OXY COD ONE
Sender to her to that.
Schmuck
Boy I'm telling you you're mumbling man
But because when on his doctor gave her the oxy codone the judges missed a penalty drug possession
Charger was originally brought against the anchors
However as the inquire recently revealed the physician is being investigated by authorities
Another knowledgeable source is supposed to be inquire the judge Eldon Fox knows of when on his drug problems
Because he saw all the charges and motions filed
And although he refused to allow it into evidence
He also knows he's been suspected of shoplifting be full
Judge Fox ruled against letting jurors hear about the prior alleged acts
But he since released court transcripts that revealed the sticky fingered star was suspected of stealing from other high end departments
Through it before her arrested sacks
The girl interrupted heroin was never charged for the two alleged incidents at Barney's and one at Neiman Marcus
The information was released to the press of ember 10
But the inquire published the accusations for their month before in early October
Well, let's hear it for the inquire
But they sure like to pat themselves on the back don't they?
All the time
The next big hurdle for Winona is her December 6th sentencing said the knowledgeable source
Even though the prosecutor is not asking for jail time
The judge could send her to jail for up to three years and could have happened
To stay out of jail Winona must be able to show him she's been doing something to deal with both her shoplifting and drug problems
Friends and even a juror interviewed by the inquire after the trial
Hope the talented beauty queen comes to grips with their problem
They wondered to grip it
I think the embarrassment of the public trial in fact that she was found guilty may scare Winona sober
Said the juror my guess is that Winona's learned her lesson
That'd be surprised if she ever shoplets again
How do you like that? And you know something?
I still don't give a crap
No, I'd rather hear about Dave Ryder than Winona Ryder
I'd rather hear about Mitch Ryder and the Detroit wheels than Winona Ryder
Small potatoes
Here's a call from the Grove. Hello
Hey, how's it going?
Okay
I was going to make a comment about the master's thing
I think you hit it on the head when you did say it is a private facility and they are going to flip the bill
If you look at some of the other things that deal with women and I guess you're talking about homosexuality
The Boy South America don't allow homosexuals
But will they make them out of big issue?
Well, Winona, who is making it a big issue?
Anybody in the general media?
Of course they made it a big issue
That's one of the reasons that they lost their funding all the way in states and counties all around the country
All right
And then the next thing you look at is say the citadel they didn't accept women
Yeah
And the reason they didn't accept women is because they said they didn't have to pay for it
Yeah
Well the states told them that they didn't allow women that the state funding was going to go away
Uh-huh
The citadel couldn't afford it so they had to accept women
And there's a whole bunch of women in there, a whole bunch of cadets
Right, now the masters can afford the pay for because they are a private organization they can flip the bill
How come there is a one of you people that wants to continue defending this?
There is a one of you who will respond to my question
If Tiger Woods were not permitted in there because he was black
Do you think that CBS would televised it?
I'm sure they probably would
It's the longest running name one other major golf championship that's been at the same golf course
But within its entirety
Oh my god
You know something I give up
I'm right there that call
Bottle it
Preserve it, freeze dry it
Put it in the old callostomy bag
That call is everything that's wrong with this radio station is people like that
This guy is even better than the guy who said to mad dog after that big weekend
The Miami winover hood hello was FSU
And the uh-herk and the dolphin went over Denver that weekend about four or five weeks back
Aren't we blessed to be here at South Florida Jim?
I've talked to people all across the country are we blessed you guys are idiots
You're moms
You're simpleton what differences make if it's the longest running tournament
Well what the hell does that have to do with anything?
What does that mean?
That's like saying well you know the uh- the New York Yankee
The Boston Red Sauce whichever one came first is the longest running uh-
Baseball organization in history of major league baseball
Therefore we can't let uh- you know the Jackie Robinson join the Dodgers or whatever the hell you see what I'm saying
Oh no where's the logic in that
And this guy's got the hood for the balls to say to me that he believes that if they didn't let Tiger Woods enter because he was black
That CBS would still televised it
You better bet your ass they wouldn't televised it mister
And there wouldn't be one person on this radio station defending that
If they didn't let him in there
So you pick and choose who you want to discriminate against and let me say it again make it very clear
They got to write to do whatever the hell they want all those red next up in Augusta
But that doesn't mean that the public should subsidize it or the never should embrace it
It's a disgrace
Can you can you relate to that mentality?
It's the longest running golf tournament what does that mean?
I'm kind of figuring it out
Well what does it prove?
There's been slavery going on for two thousand years to to that that does that mean we should perpetuate it?
Sure
And the classic church is the oldest Christian church in the world therefore they should be able to do whatever they want
Yeah
Well the Jews were here first mister
Oh the Zoroastrians were here before them
Exactly
Twenty to one
Oh that just I'm seriously I'm weak I'm weak from that I feel like El Martino I'm weak
I need to slap in the face well let's face it you've been hearing about fast rain for a long time and it made the wonder if it made sense for you
The facts are simple out as simple as that last caller but the facts are very simple
If you have that education fast rain can provide you with the necessary training to become a certified computer professional
According to time magazine that a man for computer professionals will continue to explode
Their average student completes the training in just four short months attending school three nights a week
Once you complete your certification fast rain can help you in getting your new computer job
Fast rain invites you to come in and visit our train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you
Call fast train at one eight six six fast train to set off your appointment
With four convenient locations there's bound to be a fast train near you there's one in Miami in Kendall
Pinds and Fort Lauderdale don't forget to ask the career counselor for list of students like yourself
Mark early in their dream jobs call fast train toll free at one eight six six fast train
That's one eight six six fast train or check them out of that web if you like it fast train dot com
I'm a local this is by city
The radio is all yours
You in
Looking for glory holes
One of those ten pounds this weekend ten forty eight
The Hollywood forty eight hour miracle diet I lost ten pounds but it was no miracle that's not the sour milk
It was forty eight hours of hell I peoped for forty eight hours straight
I peaked so hard my soul fell out lose up to ten pounds safely in forty eight hours
If you can chunks your own liver was an Olympic event I would have brought home the goal
That's all I feel right now maybe nothing 1245 is 560 WQ and 650 most which TV network slants the news the most
Fox 228 228 all of them on 56 CNN 89 CBS 70 NBC 69
ABC I mean what a drop off ABC 20 MS NBC's got 12 that's a whole audience none of them six
So what do you think don't you think that because the masters have been there so long making pick and choose and on
The CBS ought to be there with bells on huh and we all have to be sitting around let's face it I don't care what you say
But it's started on me again that all these macho heterosexual males that hell of a lot of them don't like women
You notice that yeah George they like using they like using them for whatever purposes they can go up
I got a great length to stay away from I wouldn't say you I just said comma George
You're taking it like so personal this is business and you're taking it personal
Here's Miami hello
Yes sir I know you know that you know who accepted his membership to Augusto not a long ago was a Lou
Hope yeah the coach he accepted his membership but they actually he's a little boy
Yeah I guess but they actually turned down Chris Bush because you had a crush on him
Oh he's starting to get out of it oh man a voice from the past don't go away mad pal just go away
Go hide in the bush here's a keep us game hello yeah Neil yes sir Uncle Neil you're the best and you know it buddy
I do hey tell me something that's your closer to Minnesota any investigation to the death of Paul Welfthound
No I haven't heard a word not the only thing I read was that psychotic piece by Cheryl Seal
But what is the what word are you going to hear what's the word you're going to hear
Not going to hear anything but the whole government change if I was a little more member of the Supreme Court I'd be pretty scared right now
Yeah well you're pretty scared all the way they're going to you have to be scared
Now that we got these people in there confirm all these right-wing judges it's just a matter of time before they die off they don't have to off anybody
Not that this guy's paranoid or anything like that 5 6 7 but this last hour if you do it's like you move it like that you know this yeah I know it's pretty good as a matter of fact
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 you're just one of those guys you're just sucking up to them women out there you're one of them you know sucking up to them bull bikes
That's what it's all about you're not a real man like the other people on your radio station right remember the day we took the pool on this thing
There was a month ago yeah but the whether they should be forced to require to keep a all no it's a private club they're being but
They want and it's not forgot that it was the oldest continue was running golf tournament excuse me if I would have known that
Here's Kendall hello I need to know how you doing okay very long time since I spoke to you I listen to you every day
I'm actually code on in that you know what that is percassette okay so there's a difference there's oxy content and then there's oxy
Code on which is the generic name so and then there's oxy moron and there she is so yes he definitely in a hard
Quick stuff and for some reason doctors freak out more about percassette and let's say bike it and her other you know pain
Related like that I don't know why they always make such a big deal about that small potatoes I don't know what the big deal is with her any what an idiot
And that guy who called about the G well it's been that way for so long why don't we just leave the school he's out of the club yeah ridiculous love you
See ya I mean that's basically what the guy is saying and he has the balls to tell me that if they didn't allow black people in
Including Tiger Woods CBS would still go ahead and tell them is it because it's been on their log name on his wall
Shut the CBS I wrote off the air if they did that you crazy you see you sports nerds out there you don't understand
Though I know this comes as a tremendous shock and you may have to sit down and like you strap yourself in for a couple of minutes
But the world doesn't revolve around your silliness. I know that comes as a tremendous shock yeah
But the world doesn't revolve around your golf games and your ball games and your slacked grab ass and hazing and all
So it doesn't revolve around that crap in fact most people who have reached the maturity level beyond the age of like 17
Laugh at a lot of that crap or are embarrassed by it or both
Well you know Jim that's a good slap in the slap ass that's just part of the game you know
We you know what we should have a treasure trove of some of these great calls
Far surpass any collection of comedy bits that we could ever make some of these just unbelievable calls
Oh yeah well you know it's just part of the game these guys slapping each other on the butt you know it's just part of the game
Yeah I know what's game they're talking about like we said
Faggery that's usually part of the game I know it's about put your hand on some guys
Rack them ass but anyway don't confuse these people with the facts they get very uptight
And then they start to start analyzing these things well maybe it doesn't make a lot of sense but it's just the way it is you know
It's just the way guys act like that hazing thing that you're all upset about it's just boys being boys don't you understand it?
Oh yeah I understand it they want to like rip off got other guys underwear and you know
Examine their private parts and fondle their genitals and writing on her ass and stick ballpoint pens in their
Just not being guys man just because it happens to be between the navel and these it's just one of those things
10 to 1 560 WQM your silly sports station it's your silly station for silly people
And that's why we do so well because there's a lot of silly people out there
If I were to know it was the longest running golf tournament I think I'd probably change my whole attitude you know it
Well I lowered my chair right down to the goddamn flow now that you know
Oral med no matter whether you're black white purple in between or you might good stuff to pop in your post
Oral mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with great stuff
Vitamins minerals herbals or is it herbals or some people say I sure hope not
And other new to incentive you designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific parts of your health
Like your cholesterol level and all kinds of good stuff
Now they got three brand new formulas or your meds got proud to help you sleep
Want to help you control your weight and cook you 10 which is very important for your heart
And all their products use the benefits of the finest allable and money can buy
But I tend to those sirens out there going nuts
Tone it down a little bit out there a
Olumets and outstanding products available all over town at public secrets and Walgreens for more information call
Olumet tool free 1 866 olio med that's 1 866 65 365
And also one of their products online if you prefer at olio med america dot com
Don't forget it's Tuesday small hill tonight and if you visit your nearest publics and purchase an
Oliumet product in a day to brown you can get you a coupon for a free larry cocker
Bobblehead Dalwass supplies last see what I mean don't forget to visit their
Sandthing podium sports time every Sunday with the dolphins or plane home games pick up for your health
Some free olio med sample soon and start popping it in your post today
We're sports radio 5 6 a.m.
Something bitch right now kneels not here today
Instead the management of WQ a.m. and all their infinite wisdom is proud to present
And another goddamn sports show
I want to thank all my hundred dog friends for calling in today
Bob balls and daily hello
Hey, what's up?
Hey, what's up buddy?
How's my hundred dog friend?
Okay, what's going on?
What about sports?
Yeah, not much in this town man
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Bob in new hot plate today
Well, that's good my hundred dog friend.
Thanks there.
Hey, you want to feel like a man like a sports man?
Yeah, sports kind of guy.
Sure.
All right, you ready?
Yeah, I'm ready.
I'll start okay?
Okay, here we go.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey or hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, me or hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, me or hey, hey, me or hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, fault your idols for fear and death weekend
Ah, I never got to this shoreity well, but hang out a little we yst so many of you
when I went shopping and I don't get into that stuff and I realized this got an easy problem
You notice the one that actually got a little bit of response?
Yeah.
Was this one about Augusta or the Masters and about, wow, you know, and Erwin Xusana the son.
It's a private club and it's the longest run and continues to go off to them.
And therefore, but it'd be pitiful, pitiful, op, etc. and so on.
It's called rationalizing the irrational.
In addition to which, who really gives a crap when you come right down to it?
I just brought it up because of that one story, which was about the hundredth thing I had in there today.
Nobody responds to anything else I'm talking about, which is usual. I expect that.
But this is the one they all come out because this is a guy thing, baby.
Like that great sports show that I used to be on opposite us on the fan.
Remember that show?
I remember.
And the sales crew, certain ones which I don't want to mention in my name, running around building saying,
oh yeah, those two live Jews on it.
That's a real, that's a guy show. It's a man show.
They talk about teddy bars.
That's a guy show.
That's going to kick that Neal's ass.
Anybody heard the family?
No.
They're not even on the air anymore in English.
But that's the mentality that you deal with.
It's this women hating super macho.
And these people are deluding themselves.
Let me say it again.
Guys that want to take showers together and run around naked together and slap each other
any ass with towels.
There's something that seems a little bit amiss there.
You know what I'm talking about?
Underline the missed part.
Something that seems a little bit off-kilter to me.
But then again, what do I know?
You know, being the old fag that I'm?
Well, what I know about that.
About Faggery.
Plenty.
But don't confuse these people with the facts.
And you just watch there'll be a platter of call.
Oh, Tigers got more important things to worry about than that.
He should be the first one with all the millions and millions he's made playing a stupid goddamn game called golf.
He should be the first one standing up for everybody else's rights.
And the last time they made it a big semi-sider, what's the big golfer in over there in England that they have?
What is that?
What is that?
Come on, Carlos.
Is that the British open?
Whatever it is.
Well, he's too busy playing over there.
He don't have time.
He's got a concentrate on his golf.
It's kind of like, remember the Brian Blades thing.
He don't have time to be talking now.
He's busy running fast and jumping high.
Remember that?
Right.
He don't have time to answer any questions.
670 votes on our poll, which TV network slants the news the most?
Fox!
You're a macho right wing station.
The Ethan Fox standing for fascist.
And isn't it great that we fought out some real insightful stuff about our good friend Heather today?
Yeah.
Heather that didn't bet from the fight.
She's a nothing.
Stuff and nods.
The Condoleezza liquor, who didn't even know her name a little while ago.
Fox 238, all of them 159.
CNN 92, CBS 71.
NBC, and it's just changing again.
By the time we can't afford to be changing, damn it.
NBC 70, ABC only 21, MSNBC 13, that's their whole audience.
And none of them be saying six.
Mad Dog standing by next, he's got his kilts on today.
Bye, bye, bye!
The new weather show on 5-S in the evening QAM by NB4L day.
