This is how Florida's only-
You know what we need to start for sure George?
What's that? Paradise?
Please leave on cast group station. I got something.
www.2am.com
Or a world world world world world
Why the earth are you bursting?
D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D
Baby, launch a couple missiles
Tour to place we know
And aim a madame fella
Whose first name begins with O-O
O-O
There's one thing we all understand
Huh?
Alcatta won't be finished
Until we blow up Pakistan
We could chase him round forever
With our tanks and all our troops
But special forces are so tired
Of jumping through them moves
Jesus Christ, you know we need another plan
So let's cut out all the nonsense
And go blow up Pakistan
All right
Alcatta needs a nuclear tank
Why don't we stop pussy food
And go blow up Pakistan
Yeah
Boom, boom
902 at 560 WQA
And boy everything is like this is the day
I just feel like a turning point in our lives today
You know, I don't know what that is
But you just have that feeling
George has turned about 14 degrees shorter
He's about two foot seven now
Maybe you can be the new Timmy on passions
Because the cherries got in here is all screwed up
But we're not going to go into a whole thing today
Because the audience doesn't like the tone of that
You know, we ought to apologize to the audience
For the tone of yesterday's show
Because it was a rude awakening coming back here
Just like the overhead right now
It's really weak, very, very weak
You know
Here I thought that I was in paradise
And they're coming to find out I'm in hell
You know
In fact, I think, remember the pool we took a few days ago
About, is there a heaven or hell?
And I think 90, 110% of the people said there is a hell
And we're living in it, South Florida
And I think maybe some of them had a point
How about yesterday's pool, 809 votes on there
Kind of on a marginal side
Voka Brides knew this is doing well by the way
Do you see that?
We already got 30 I think
So, should have 100 by the end of the weekend
Because there isn't one person out there
Who shouldn't have their own copy of
Restitution and Moe Bits volume one
Got 40 great bits on there, including all of the most of
You know what I'm saying?
Jesus Christ, I don't know if that's on there
I guess not, well, it's something to look forward to
809 votes we asked
Which South Florida's talk show host you think is the oldest?
Moe Howard, David Wins hands down your pants
313, I'll tell you one thing
His ratings may not be too strong
But he sure has won a lot of polls on this show, you know
He is, he ranks very high with this audience
313 votes 38.6%
Micronary, 187, 23.1% for Old Mikey
Hey WIOD listeners, before you click that switch in the morning
Make sure you fill your bowl with RINARIOs
RINARIOs meets the recommended daily allowance of news traffic and weather
While giving you the minimum daily requirement of stimulating talk
Just one morning dose of RINARIOs and you'll swear you're hearing quality entertainment
Just one morning dose of RINARIOs and you'll swear you're hearing quality entertainment
RINARIOs fortified with eight essential pharmaceuticals
To give you the energy to make it through the show
RINARIOs, you'll love the crispy cornflake
And those lovable marshmallow, henries, alains, bobs and sunnies
RINARIOs!
RINARIOs, part of a complete breakfast treatment
RINARIOs should be used as directed and should not be given a children under the age of 50
In case of overdose, look in the yellow pages under uglumograph
I've been a little tired of that crap, I can tell you right now
Okay, anyway, RINARIO came in second 187
Which I'm pretty sure Mikey is older than I am, I'm positive of that
But I'm also positive, Moe is a hell of a whore and he is
It's refreshing now and it is mild
And maybe it'll come back up again here now that we're back on Internet Explorer as opposed to a new, an escape, newscape
That's gave sucks
And I think we all, just a little bit of apology to our friends at Bell, South, even though we don't have any friends at Bell, South, and they do suck his jerks at home
He uses Bell, South because he has no other choice and they suck their bad internet suck
And all over Hollywood
And all over Hollywood everybody
Everybody made all the ships that see and everybody he knows
So let's lock it to carry to it, but after 40 minutes of real excruciating
Aggravations of this morning I finally decided, well let's, let's Schmidt can, Netscape, and try the old Internet Explorer
And there it is, everything is working just fine
It's just a...
Oh, we're fine
814 votes, like I said, 317 from Moe, oldest talk host in town
Micronary 187, NeoRoges 133 and the Humper 65, which is interesting as I told him
Don't you remember the day that we, somebody faxed me that thing from the ESPN website
And the Humper don't care, he's lost 25 pounds by the way
Did you know that?
Yes
Well I didn't know the exact number, but I saw him for a first time in Monze yesterday at 1 o'clock
He's been slinning
And I said you've lost an answer to him, he said 25 pounds
So we're all losing it here baby, we're trying to buck the trend
Oh and guess what's gonna be on channel 4 next week, they're doing these series on
And they don't say anything, that's what all these puff pieces they do, you know
On the diets?
On diets
The diet?
This week they were doing the adkins thing
And they talked about well, it's more expensive, I mean it's not a question of more expensive, it's a question of what's healthier for you
And are you gonna lose the weight, and are you gonna have to all those medical bills as far as expenses concerned
Which evidently that don't concern Alam Fatas Needle Sunshine? Who the hell's he gonna be talking about diets?
Somebody slim like me, I can be talking about diets
Anyway, next week they're doing balance for life
Excellent
Another exciting story, buddy Troy, hey Troy!
Put your enabasoid heart, you're becoming a giant success
Hank had 65 votes, Eddie K49 didn't do too bad
Steve came Mr. Ego 33, which I'm sure he's older than I am
Norma Kent 17 and Mad Dog still wound up with 13 votes
Even after we told them that he's only 53
He and Norma I would assume would be the two youngest on that list, wouldn't you think so?
And even after you tell him that, they still don't get it
But that's okay, we don't really give a crap about that
Just get on there and vote your brains out
Now the reason I played that last bomb Pakistan thing this morning
Did I mention it, an escape sucks?
Yes
And Greg sucks too, by the way, in fact that'll be one of our polls next week
Who sucks most? Greg or an escape?
Because Greg just blows the big one, I mean he just an embarrassment to me
He's just humiliating and disgraceful as what he is
You're good buddy, by the way, and you get your new contract as well
No, no
Not in there waiting for your signature?
No, I can't believe that
Early results from Thursday's election in Pakistan
Show strong gains for an alliance of hardline Islamic parties in areas near the border with Afghanistan
As well as a solid performance elsewhere by the religious coalition, the Taliban
Ah, how do you like them apples, huh?
Pakistan's election committee has begun to release preliminary results from the vote which reveal successes
For a coalition of pro-Taliban religious parties across the provinces close to the Afghan border
The balloting is the country's first since President Pervert Mosharov seized power three years ago
Camping on a strong anti-American platform that called for an end to Pakistan's support for the U.S. led war on terror in Afghanistan
The coalition of six hardline parties had a clear majority
In Pakistan's Northwest Province legislature, the election commission said
The religious parties were also doing better than expected in the southern port city of Karachi
And in the southern part of Punjab province amid a strong undercurrent of resentment over the U.S. war in Afghanistan
Elsewhere the race appeared close in line with pre-election polls
How do you like that sporadic violence during voting left seven people dead?
Hey, they're not barbarians, they're civilized, man, just like us
sporadic violence during voting left seven people that is the military government held the elections as a historic return to democracy
Right
All the geckys are out there saying we hate the USA to burn in all of us in effigy and stuff like that
So let's hear it for our good friends of the Pakistanis
Georgia's got a little problem with that chair
The chair is for a person it's about two feet tall
And him being like four foot five or is it the other way around?
That's the chair because the expensive one broke again now
I don't know what would break a thick metal hill
How long did we get this chair?
Relaxed the backstored, both of them
That's five years ago
Right, but somebody broke the steel pin
What kind of a person?
Josh Friedman
Somebody like that, somebody big and fat and disgusting who smells real bad
Somebody like Josh Friedman
And how do you like speaking of people that won't weigh as much as they used to?
How do you like MUF's nice office in there?
And then impressive?
Duff is sitting in there where Sam used to be
Right with a whole bunch of equipment behind him
And I know he had the exterminators in there this morning too
I don't know if there's any connection with that
But man, I said what are you doing?
He said get rid of like who Karachi
I don't know they had so many cockroaches in Venezuela
I bet they do you know up there in the mountains can you imagine?
Those weak worst cockroaches
That is a horrible place. That's my advice to you folks
Number one, don't get in that escape. And number two, do not go to Karakas
Oh man
Ooh, I get to Willie just thinking about that
The taxi trip from the airport into the downtown of the Sheraton, Karakas
You could buy a white jacket to Panama hat right here in town
Oh man
I am telling you all these little tin huts
Venezuela isn't like a third world country, it's an 80th world country
It's the end of the world
But they got a lot of oil
We like the people that have oil
Okay, if you don't have oil
Screw you
Now Israel don't have any oil
But they do have a lot of Jews there
See which is good now, that's why we like Israel
Because it's become fashionable
Because we're waiting for them again, is that we're waiting for?
Yeah, to blow up the goddamn world
All our good Christian friends want to lead us by the hand right, yeah
Make us an offer we can't refuse
Forbiscina goyem
Let's see we got you mandatory one today
Got Hank Goldberg at the end of the decade
Caulter plunging their brains out this afternoon
All four hours they want that you 530 to 630
Let's see that often have to play a Sunday night in Denver
You think Moze can you think his piece will be floating in that thin air up there in Denver
You think they're gonna have to put like extra glue to keep it down
That's thick air that makes things float
Oh I see
Well then ought to be like in the middle of his head by the end of the about a third quarter
By the way it's Olendomare
Okay, I checked with every sports expert in this building yesterday including the Humper
Who knows his crap
Olendomare not Maurei
I just mentioned that because I don't want this guy to make a fool out of himself
Now what they did must say the ratings are coming out to 21st I believe he told me
Who told you not me he told me in the hallway and then he's gonna come in here right down
And then he came in I got him a sidetracked on that Greg was an asshole
But at any rate it's yeah so it's very similar not that far off
Something so I mean Olendomarei that may be kind of embarrassing and then winning the polls the oldest old fart in talk radio
But mispronounced in names of the dolphins we don't we don't touch cotton welder that down here
The dolphin fans want you to pronounce their names right how about those panthers
Yeah as predictable as the weather and the North Pole I mean there was no doubt they were gonna blow the lead and no doubt once the last the last couple minutes of overtime started
Man Tampa was all over them like a stink on Greg I mean was unbelievable
Like stink on scurran 11 after a nine and five sixty WQ and by the way PD Lane told me interesting story about scurran and the skunk
Which I'll tell you off the year for years now you've heard me talking about about diets
Well, you probably know the old joke you know what it is
No, anyway, we're talking about facts just like that story yesterday in a front page of USA today people in this country are fat baby big,
Porky fat bastards like me and the atkins diet works great for a lot of people
That's what's out sunshine said look what it's done for him I bet he don't lay over 600 pounds is like a walk in bowling ball
Well, that's why we want to turn you on to the lights of West Pole could be because it's a great store
And it's dedicated to you and all your atkins needs can you imagine low carb no fact delicious scoop of ice cream on a hot day like today
How about over a thousand low carb no sugar products just ready for you to taste. What's that you're reading in there right now?
Oh, it's balanced for life shrimp cocktail a shrimp cocktail
I got my shrooms. I got my magic mushroom shipped in from Amsterdam this morning because it delights of West
Bokeh always try before you buy and it delights it's 25% off all scatkins products all the time from candy to cookie snacks,
Bread vitamins delights of West Bokeh's got it all with more great stuff arriving every day like the new controlled carb brownies
They just got in four delicious flavors peanut coconut classic and cherry speaking of peanut. Isn't that a way in day for the beast?
He loves his nuts so he better show his fat little tummy ass in here
He's probably waiting till the coast is clear till Mo gets on her she how it a bokeh anyway
The lights of West Bokeh on the northeast corner blades and 440 and a bokeh is your atkins headquarters
Everything you need is one great store to help you lose weight
They're open till 10 every day seven days a week you can call them at 1 8 7 7 low carb or check them out on that wicked web at
lowcarb.com and don't forget and escape sucks
My and low
This is 4405 city
Way to A
In the banana republic baby only in Miami
Jesus Christ
With your
Fuck
Yellow
Teeth so far apart
Kindly
The
Kindly
What you be doing
It's the
Oh
Broken
Smarter
Star
Is
You
Take
Cause you
I don't
GOOP
Leave
The
You
Deblack
And
The
Smarter
Because
They
Like
Are you
Shown
The
World
The
Way
Washington
Talk
The
What is
Cause
George
It's
You
Can't believe
You
Can't
Alive
Of the
Greedy
Oil
But then
He make
You clean
All the
White
Oil
And then
Rub the
Flow
They
Yeah
You
Don't
Wants
And
Don't
Leave
The
You
Can't
Alive
Of the
Greedy
Oil
And then
Rub the
Flow
They
Can't
Alive
And then
Before
And once
Ruined
Or
CooJood
We know
That
Am
Simon
Cyg Π
Cth
produced
Shit
One
21
ч
98
Is
6
60 WQM. Happy Friday to how about those May beliefs?
Huh? Six nothing in Pittsburgh last night any legal what I tell you's really he did it
Shut out in the very first game. He's just silenced all the critics including me played great
Sundine Alexander McGillney man a team looks sensation last night nice going to our Pat Quinn course
You're playing a girls team Mary. Oh, you're you're gonna have a long year baby. Gonna be a rough one
But the Panthers let's have some hockey talk. I saw Gildi in the hallway a little while ago not too friendly by the way
Like that kind of squealing a little bit. I said I'm here too much hockey talk I'm a way to work this man
No, no, we don't we that's a good game we that by way. Yeah, sure he did
And by the way that old chronic Joe if I hear your voice on that morning show one more time
We're gonna trace the column. We're gonna send Luca Brotsey and Fat Rich to your house and Josh Breedman to sit on you
How do you like that? You silly old chronic goose you man? That guy just gives me the creeps
You know the voice I'm talking about don't you? No, well, I would oh if you heard like two words. You know that was chronic old Joe
The I think he was the first color I heard when I came to this town. That's like a hundred years ago and he's still a
Bipa-pipa has got a goddamn thing to say
Somebody faxes me this silently and it
I didn't get two words out before that drilling started again down there they were waiting for you
They were just waiting for me to get started. This has got to be a Greg Reed plot. Okay. George says that all the months that I've been gone
There hasn't been one peep not one sound not one and not one noise in a building. It's been as quiet as can be
And now I come back about 20 after eight this started about almost exactly an hour ago and the guys down there drilling with a pneumatic drill
And Clarence I thought had this under control because Clarence's Clarence is okay in my book
He gave me 14 different page checks yesterday including send that weren't even mine. I like that a lot
But now we got this asshole done and now we got muff and clearance can team up on him
Okay, give me old one two give the double a dip down there
Now he's he's hammering and he's drilling we got the combination. He's giving us the old one too
Knock off the noise you asshole. We're gonna high-paid talk show going on up here in the studio you idiot
You crazy bastard you
Maybe it's because it's the uh second floor there where the dental people are maybe there's a lot of drilling going on for that reason
Of course, they're not really dentists. They're just dental people were paper pushers
I wonder if that guy recovered from the Obama. I dropped in the elevator that day
I don't think anybody ever saw him again. I think that was the end of him
I guess he's still in the same fog. Okay, well, let me try to get this in in between the bangs and knocks and hammering down there on the second floor
I missed this so much. You know, see at least in Toronto when they we had the fire alarms those couple of it
Oh, here we go. I you know what? I'm just gonna sit here and shut up and let the drilling take over
Because it's starting again just off to my right right under the go right under my ass
Why couldn't they do this like you know when we have a ball game on which is almost every goddamn day we got a lead that have been huh what fun with that of that yeah
We got a ball game late tonight. We got the uh made the American League playoff twins at the angels
10 o'clock tonight right after her coon football preview with you
Oh, and you know who really is uh very happy that Moe is here
Hank told me this yesterday. Joseph Gackie is ecstatic that Moe is here because I guess he figures now
I'm off of his ass all the way we don't have any Joseph Gackie bits
We only had that when we talked about yesterday. It's the talent in a purchase mentions him
Yeah, it just mentioned Joseph Gack Gack Gack which you know, it's kind of funny even he see at least Joe with Joe
It's not personally. He's got a sense of humor. You never know it, but he's he's a good guy. He's just boring. Yes
He is a good guy. He is a very good guy. We like Joe
It's never been personal with a Gackie. I like him now in most cases well
Silently and in unison sit and also George you not only got shine yesterday in the hallway where you spoke
You said good morning to Moe and he's shine you and ignored you totally but then this morning you were in Mark
Eisenberg were bonding marks are waiting for a little plain trippy. Tell me he's going up to see ma
Stopped in to say hi, which is more than I can say for Moe
But at any rate so you were bonding out there in the hallway where we were discussing very important one of the dirty boys
Mark Eisenberg and Moe came burrowling in and instead of like being a real mention like walking around you
Just barges in between you excuse me excuse me and goes pushing away. Be through it. I thought of the way he's an important guy
Don't you understand you don't understand how he very important here. I do understand so when he comes walking on the hall
You better scatter must do you better make way? I did I moved I flattened up against the wall
Did you say to mark yo yo yo let's
Silently and in unison six Cuban American mommy date County commissioners abandoned the commission chambers
yesterday effectively blocking a plan to bring to the November 5th election outside monitors who usually overseas pulling in the troubled countries
Remember that story I had about 10 days ago
I thought they were gonna bring into banana boat people to try to control what's going on in the election and date
Those who want the monitor to say their presence maybe the only way to restore credibility of the county's election system
Following the disastrous of 10th-10th primary, but opponents say it's embarrassing to date County
You think it was like a banana republic or something you were thinking there's a bunch of great pickers into banana
Up dealers in date County, which of course is what it is people had just fell off the alternative truck
The highly unusual simultaneous departure just before a public hearing on the issue left the commission without a quorum and forced out any
Whether contracted Washington DC base center for democracy to oversee the November 5th vote
So when and doubt let's try to keep them out because it's too embarrassing
I don't I don't think anything could embarrass the county at this point
I think they've already reached the saturation point. It's only only icing on the cake beyond now. So what are you guys worried about?
So I started to say before I interrupted myself and got all worked up about Joseph Gackie
Uh, we got a little bit of a problem. We I finally a straightened out to the problem here
We got internet explorer which works just fine
The only problem is Eric server up there in Orlando now just scrapped out
So I can give you the pull that's coming up on air
But there's no point in my giving it out until we get to think things. We give them lots of time to think about what they're gonna
Okay, as a matter of fact, that's a good idea now. Do you like the tone of the drill?
That's uh, you're starting up again right under my ass nice and basic
What would have been perfect you see I really I think probably Greg is standing on there with a guy
You know laughing his ass off. Yeah, we'll get his aspects of Toronto get him out of my hair
It's fine with me Greg and by the way, it's big in a hair. The only thing I saw in there was nats yesterday. Maybe a couple of lice
Had a nice suit on though, you know, just wonder if that's a trade-out
Brooks brothers
Now it's not quite you know, it's then all of a sudden they quieted down down well try to read something
I have no idea what I wasn't gonna read anything. It was gonna do the pull. I was gonna give the pull out
I don't want to sit here and do bedtime stories all day especially with the drill
Maybe it's like an accompaniment, you know
To my reading these bedtime stories. Maybe it's editorial comment although I will say this
I heard it through the grapevine yesterday
I want to say who I heard it from but that a certain upper level management guy with a very bad haircut who lies a lot
It's very concerned about those morning numbers. I started to mention that earlier those morning ratings very concerned about it
And that's that's why so especially important that those when a book comes out the summer book
That those numbers go up and I'm not talking about morning six to ten
I'm talking about six to nine that they go up
They've hide by the way is on my list again the same one he was on yesterday
I won't waste my time reading anything that you wrote David because it would be a total waste of time
I'd be in jail for something like that
Another joke column panthers eat their young question mark, you know, is this what you're gonna write your big guy damn day
They're young. They're young. They're young. They're hung. They blue-de-lead. They lost it over time to a marginal team, etc
and so on
No, nobody wants to hear about that a lot of empty seats around the rest last night did I go to the game?
Of course not you can me
I had watched the Leafs a pound of crap out of Pittsburgh
I stopped plenty of the Panther game and you could smell it coming see one thing about this outfit
I don't know what it is
But with about five minutes to go I said to John
I said, you know, you can smell it coming this franchise blows more leads late in the game than any team in the history of any sport
And sure enough with two and a half minutes to go about a Bing tampitize it up and then win an overtime after just being all over the
Panthers like stink on scurand
You could just smell it coming and just like scurand. So anyway this uh skunk
I don't want to go and that's a that's an old joke
About how they run this couple runs over the animal on the road
And they take it into the car and they think it's a wounded cat and after further examination
They see there's a white stripe down the middle of the animal and the husband says to the wife
Oh, it's not a cat. It's a skunk and the animal was shaking. You know and injured and the woman says
Well, what do I do? He said here just put it between your legs and keep it warm. She says, hey, but what about the smell?
He said he won't mind
And it made me think immediately a good old scurand nice nice job piti piti redeem himself this morning
That is an old joke, but it fits so well with good old
Scurand man
Oh, I'm losing my appetite for lunch. I brought in my shrooms from valence for like today
But I may not dip into them
Because you know shrooms are a fungus
Can you imagine the amount of fungus that's growing well
927 at 560 wdql when you go down to haliponiac not only gets yourself a great deal
But also talk to Tom Lament about this radio station he will regalia with stories for hours
And it'll tell you about how much he misses the old worst team and about how he misses DFO and Joe and this one and that one
Because he's he's very much into this radio station and so much into the show
That's why he's got the new neo-rodgers deal going on a good at haliponiac GMC save extra big dollars right now
And all piti acts in GMC's and stuck just mentioned you heard about it right here on the world famous neo-rodgers show
And he'll like acknowledge it unlike some of the people who pretend we don't exist
Stop by haliponiac GMC at 134.01 south dixie highway us one across from the falls where every single vehicle on the lot is marked with what is supposed to be the lowest price
But if you mention the neo-rodger show you'll find out it's not the lowest price because you'll save even more
Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including that spiffy envoy voted by motor trend as SUV the year in the all-new vibe SUV
Like I always tell you the vibe is no Corvette
But it's got the power of some other kind of a sports car at a fraction of the price also a super selection of dependable
Pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs you know, so they say pre-owned not like used
You know as they always say that all you right owned that sounds so much better the thing used
You know use that's how we feel here on the station like used and if anybody else ever turned you down for credit
If you're a deadbeat if you once worked at this radio station
If you worked at power 96 if you work for Cox broadcasting like what's his name?
They used to steal stuff out of the building. What was it don't say his name?
If you've interned off for credit have no fear because Tom Laman is here and he'll cut you deal at haliponiac GMC
13401 south-ixie highway us went across from the falls open every day of your life seven days awake for more in
Polkall 305 238 40 40 305 238 40 40 for haliponiac GMC who are professional grade
There's a butt. I smell it. Hey
WIOD listeners before you click that switch in the morning make sure you fill your bowl with
We're not ready for this
I was a little bit distracted because the drill and going on down there
But Muff just came in and said we're working on it. I wouldn't want you to think we're not doing anything about it
And now I just got a hundred times louder. I'm just gonna sit back and let the audience enjoy the old drill
That's got a Q-Win that's our new slogan by the way a drill a minute
So anyway this couple finds a
Farman and will on the road
Okay, 932. Let me just try to give the pull up before he starts in the hot again on the floor
This place is amazing in fact, it's an old man just before I came back
You had that little elevator episode and fat boy was stranded down there. We're doing wheelies a cartwheel in his chair downstairs on the first floor
Oh, there we go. Let me know when you're done down there asshole. Okay
And
And you know something this is perfect for the pull which I'm going to give you in a second as soon as this drilling asshole down there in the second floor cuts the cramp
So
Well, no, what I'm going to do is like one more to the time now because I don't want to get caught like in mid sentence
So listen very carefully in fact, maybe you want to tape this today. No, that's right. You can't tape it well pretend you're taping it
Just like pretend that I'm here
Been nice being back here in town, but I think this is not going to work, you know, I miss my nice little studio in Toronto
Doing the show in your shorts. Yeah, that's right
Anyway, here's the pull and we're going to get it up there as soon as Eric gets his server back see computers are wonderful when they work
Make no mistake about it. They're a wonderful thing when they work went
Hey
You
Excellent good job. Whatever you're doing down there. You're doing it
Here's the a poll for today
Like I said take your time to go to Neil Rogers dot com because their ex server is down whatever happened to the cozy
I guess we never had one on this mic, huh? No, we didn't. Oh whoa
I just don't want to catch any germs from whoever might have been sitting in here
Anyway, the tone of Neil's show and we got five to it because remember that call of course you remember
It was one of the most famous calls in the history
It was like the first couple of days I was doing a show from Toronto and a guy calls up to all the tone of the show is terrible
The tone of the like what is that? What does that mean?
Like the treble doesn't tell the tone of the show and of course most of you should have your own tone control
So control it, you know
Twist it turn it yank it a little bit see what happens to it
The tone of Neil show is best from Toronto
Is best from Amsterdam is best from Miami makes no difference where he is or the tone sucks
We want to call his back those are your five choices today
And I think it's perfect timing too because we got that asshole drilling down on the second floor drilling up a storm
If I can't yeah, that thing may actually come up through the floor any minute if he starts in again
I think the next time will be the magic one. I think I'm gonna keep my feet up off the floor
Now he's a lot closer to me than he is to you. He's right like under the microwave, I think
So if you want to stick your head right up
Just just above the floor level we can put the microwave down on the floor and maybe stick your head in it you more on you idiot you asshole you
So that's gonna be the pull and we'll get you repeated again once we get it up there
But there's not much point harping on it now because eric server is down
Just when we thought we had this whole computer thing licked
Getting off that net scape that really blows tell Spurrow can't by the way
He's not off the hook at Bellsauld that they still suck because you have personal problems you have issues
Amen
So Spurrow remember what happened last guy named Spurrow remember him?
Yeah Spurrow a news
Well, I tell you that Stogie I'm smoking is pretty stale
Drugs are not really smoking in here. We don't want those insurance rates to go up
Greg will get in the snit again. He'll get his teeth today a ranger
He's probably still trying to pacify a screw-and back there
You know what it takes to pacify her
Drugs are caused arawana arawana
That they owe something if that ever passed there they should change the name of the state arawana
That a great name is that arizona
Drugs are caused arizona marijuana initiative stupid and insulting and criticizes Nevada measure
Well the drugs are what do you expect?
The federal drugs are denounced a measure on arizona's november ballot that would decriminalize possession of small amounts of the wicked weed
Of course, we know about the drugs are he's an asshole calling it stupid and insulting con
John P Walters made the statement Wednesday the town hall meeting and I'm yesterday visited the center for teen drug addicts in Nevada
The criticize a similar measure there
We know that marijuana is the single largest source of dependency
Walters head of the office of national drug and center control policy told a group of about 150 senior citizens and children Wednesday
I know that I don't think I heard that right
We know that marijuana is the single largest source of dependency
Walters head of the office of national drug and center policy told a group of about 150
senior citizens and children Wednesday
We know that it's responsible for 20% of accidents on the road today
Where do you get that? He just made it out of his ass
How many billions of dollars in liabilities there is no opening itself up to down the line
Yes, well if that's the case how many far more billions of liability because of people
Drug and driving right is no context as much of those old folks on their happy so I guess we're gonna have to make booze
We're gonna have to go back to probation again, too if that's what it's all about
That's what he said the good old minister of he's an asshole
morality if past Arizona's prop 203 would decriminalize the possession of up to two ounces of marijuana for personal use
It would also require the Department of Public Safety to provide primarily wanted people with a written recommendation from a physician
In Nevada yesterday, Walter said no community is better off with more drugs
He said Nevada's question nine could make this data center for drug tourism
And of course the Nevada tourist council probably sends all right
Billy Rogers head of Nevadans for responsible law enforcement the main group supporting them as you said
There's no evidence the initiative's passage would create more drug addicts
He put it out that the drugs are his own website shows the majority of drug addicts in Nevada were treated last year for an
fetamine addiction
I think it's about time that drugs are was held accountable to the outright falsehoods
He's been putting out there roger said addition. He said he's an asshole
Phoenix resident Carolyn Barker 60 attended Wednesday's meeting because she was angry to the comments that Walter's made on the radio earlier in the day
I had a friend with cancer and it helped him a lot
It helped him eat Barker said he got marijuana illegally and he could have gotten caught
Waters who coordinates federal drug programs and spending said no scientific data proves marijuana is effective as medicine
Etc. So how do you like that? So the federal government continues justifying this so-called war on drugs
Wad is what it's called and that what it is Wad
Well, look at this. Well, see I got screw in in my mind now
RURR
And that's skunk that skunk it won't mind
Look at all the stuff that's coming off of this fax machine man
It's just pouring in here and actually some of the pages have something on it the fax machine
Which always work perfectly before that screwed up to
For every page that comes over with something written on it to like about three blank pages coming up through that
It's just amazing goes to show you that might not be in here how everything just fell apart at the seams
That must have been the reason yep
Might not be here to maintain my own stuff that I paid for and bought with my hard-earned bucks
By the way, is your new contract did duffering your new deal in there for you to sign yet? No
Well, why don't I come on my let's go already okay. You got a nice biffy office in there now. Let's do it get off the pod
Although I noticed the drilling stuff finally
You notice that I kind of miss it. I think it was a good idea my sitting back and just cranking up the mic all the way so they could hear the sound effects
So they can understand that it wasn't exaggerating not just looking to try to stir the pot here a little bit
Can't smoke any pot here, but can't smoke a nice
Perdomo, whatever this one is a still one. I think that's a squared right there
Is a pretty almost squared. Yeah, I sure miss those great cigars. We used to get from nicks. I'm from mics
We're supporting you five six
You am
Plays nothing works here the medications on work. I've been here for seven years
Nothing works here. I hate this place
Nothing works here the medications on work. I've been here for seven years. I hate this place
Nothing works here. Jesus Christ
Oh, there's so many ways to pick your nose. There's so many ways to block a big fat juicy nugget
That's made from a bunch of really gross jacket new guess it started
Hot at goals just a quagmire biggie go East off that's six to the hasn't your nose
Another problem it seems as an ancient one the puzzle that all can complete
Just insert a digit of your choice and watch you beloved shock and amaze. What is something that children will eat
Some dig into a nostril of pickethis and pull out a big tasty plum like old jack who said
The corner scooping his album is dumb and don't feel bad if people stare they're just jealous of the one you just picked
Cuz they do it too if they couldn't they will when the harvest is right for the pick
It's new guess it's dead
It's particles
Just a quagmire biggie go East off that's six to the hasn't your nose
I'm 44 560 Mitch Lewis our good old buddy our prize on remember Mitch Lewis
Brackham that was one of his gems and then of course
It's Lewis said as his CD that's got a lot of good stuff on here, which I just played one
So the polls should be up in about 10 minutes is Eric who server is on the mend. We got a server coming back
Just one of those things man compute their problems computer problems here and computer problems up there
Which quite frankly he seems to have more problems than we do you know. Yeah, good thing. We're not all dependent on them
Computers. Yeah, right
All of this uh pre stuff that's coming over the uh
Thing here the fax machine
Man, oh man, hey, what? No, I love it the priest. What do you mean you love it? How much priest crap can we get in here in a four-hour show four hours?
Hopefully
Third Louisville priest and died it after and you know something I looked at the stats on here from this morning
It's like where are we on the air? I'll tell you the lead and we're getting from hey show is you couldn't measure it in millimeters
There's nothing going on between six and nine. I mean it's like we're not even in the uh we don't exist
We're not on a map anymore. We're not on a radar screen
If you were looking at those stats, I'd never seen a number like that
I'm well, maybe it's not accurate. You know what I'm saying?
I don't know. I have no idea. I mean we had 825 votes on a point. That's pretty healthy considering
You know I had to follow you being on a Wednesday. I mean now seriously that's that's not a bad number
Would you have about 30
29 oh
Anyway the Reverend James Hargiton
Now it's interesting if you took the g a out of his name. You know what his name would be
The Reverend James Hargiton was indicted on a single charge of sex abuse yesterday becoming the third Louisville Roman Catholic
Presence June to face criminal action involving alleged abuse of children
Hargiton 74 retired priest was charged with
Sotomizing t i v Robertson 39 in
1976 oh when Robertson was 14 the indictment provides no further detail
And this goes on just uh too much of that stuff what you enjoy hearing it because you're a pervert, you know
The Manchester dies. He said we pay this as Manchester New Hampshire
It would pay 950,000 bucks to settle all suits brought by 16 men who said they were molested by priests as far back as
1957 eight former priests were accused of molesting boys that I see said four have died to our alive
It no longer act as priest and two left the ministry in the 60s the most recent accusation was from 1982
Let me get back to some more important crap here. Okay as opposed to just trial molesting priest
There are a dime a dozen baby except for the church is no more expensive than that
Ashcroft's cover up shows he isn't staying abreast of the times. This is one that Eric faxed to us nice going Eric
Is the Bush administration already gearing up for its next conflict or on nakedness now wait a minute
This is old stuff. This is about uh, I'm looking at the date on this February 10th
This is about him covering up that statue
It's old what what is this man talking about hey Eric? I hate to read. I know the news travel slow up there in Orlando
But present Lincoln's got a big hole in his head
All the way enjoyed to play a lot, but he's got a big hole in his head Eric and that skunk that the feloness gruands laugh
She says I have no fear she don't mind the smell
Send it approves your back war resolution. Let you know something. I don't like being here at all
I mean it's not just a general principle
But there's something about doing this show here and everything is out of sync like everything is falling apart of the seams
Makes me wonder how the hell I did a show in his guide in place for over four years
How the hell did I do it with great difficulty I guess
Because just like a Bellevue of Brian or whatever's name is there nothing works here and you got to hate it
You got to despise it
But I see it's gonna be nice and cool this weekend 8990
Yeah record and there's a little twirpy Brian Norcross on air. It's another reason. I'm sorry
I came back here have to see that little fruit fly on there flitting around by the goddamn weather map
Try to drum up some crap on the weather map
Man sure miss him. I mean who'd you rather see Dave devolves the FTO in Toronto or little Brian Norcross?
Hey, man, huh who'd you rather see
Send it approves your back war resolution in a major victory for the White House the Senate voted
77 to 23 early this morning
Joining the House to authorize president bush to commit U.S troops to enforce you in security council resolutions
requiring that Iraq give up weapons of mass destruction or else
Our earlier the House had proven identical resolution 296 to 133
There was no immediate White House response following the Senate vote
But Bush or use the passage of the resolution in the House to send a stern warning to Baghdad
The House of Representatives has spoken clearly to the world and the UN Security Council
The gathering threat of Iraq must be confronted finally and fully. He said he is so full of crap, man
The gathering threat
This dog and pony show they're putting on the fact that anybody is buying it is just a pathetic
And poor Bobby Graham he's like one of the lone voices there running around skim over starting again downstairs
Hammer in the tongues they're added again
Today's vote also sends a clear message to the Iraqi regime and must disarm and comply with all existing UN resolutions
Or it'll be forced to comply. I think the best example you used this several weeks ago about stirring the hornets and asking like like puking
Wacking and poking in a dick. Yeah with a stick
You may have been sitting up there for like 20 years and the mind of their own business and doing their own little thing inside there
Flitting around a little bit and not bothering anybody
But then you go up to that hornet's nest. It's way outside on a patio like a million miles from anybody
And you take a long stick and you start whacking it and stirring it up and all of a said you got problems
Maybe maybe they were bothering some other hornets exactly is all but then all of a sudden about a bing and you got a real problem when you start stirring the pod
The resolution requires Bush to declare Congress
I took to do Congress either before within 48 hours after beginning the military action that diplomatic efforts to enforce those resolutions have failed
I'm not gonna waste my time with that either
If I keep listening I might tear all of this stuff up
Because I'm so disgusted with the way this thing is going here man
It's like we're falling off the end of a cliff
But the good news is let's hear it
I'll tell you some good news for a change beside the leaves went in six nothing in Pittsburgh last night
Which was not just good news. It was great news
Tell you one thing that Matt Sundine and Alexander McGilley and Darcy Tucker looking pretty good great line air pat nice going a
Let's see what do we like I'll tell you where I think it's the best I just voted. It's not Miami either
The pull is up on earages.com. Let's hear it. Oh, let's get on that internet now
And let's be sure and have everybody buy the thing
Volkabrian CD
Which is off to a pretty good start for a bunch of cheap bastards out there see if we had people out there that really
New way and of course, you know, we'll sell for every 30 that we sell there be like 500 out there bootleg copies
You know because I'm sure it's already on some of those little stuff like that. You should be honored
I beg your pardon Volkabrian he should be on yeah
Volkabrian should be honored because I'll tell you one thing if I was gonna steal a CD
That would certainly be one of the first ones I think about doing is
Whatever that is what how is it he's gonna be big all across the world
Restitution and mo bits volume one and of course the mo bits man are they have taken off their number one with 15 bullets
There is nothing like the mo bits
Everybody in this building except of course for Moe and Gelley who's terrified that he's gonna be the next beast and speaking of the beast
It's almost 10 o'clock. Where is that little tub of crap?
Did he come in to get his sack?
I think they've got it go into his house now. I see because I don't see it in the morning
Well, I'll tell you one thing you better in here be in here to do his way in before noon
And of course wouldn't you think if you're safe? You're smart
Which leaves him out?
But if you were smart you would do your way and you'd come in early as early morning
Possibly before you ate like what I get on the seat in the morning stark naked after I've taken a good
You know good Greg Reed nice purge that's right
Pete every drop out of my bladder and then I get on the scale very lightly
You know and kind of stand back to get that pressure off of that scale and that's the way to do it
So I suppose to like eat in a couple of meals before we come in and stop it off at the pizza loft on a way in
I would get in here right now beast in the hub on that scale then we'll put you on the air for a couple of hours
And you tell us the real story how you got blown off of that morning show
And the wise and the were for isn't a guy starting a hammer again muff
He's banging on it downstairs Jesus Christ. Yeah, what are we gonna do about this
So the pool is up. I don't but I don't think they can vote on it yet
Because my vote is the only one on there so far
Let me just take a peek on here
Eric I tell you we're operating real on other 16 votes on there the tone of Neil show
This is a very important poll. The was the tone of the show. This might determine why I do the show for the next four and a half years
It makes no different four years into three months
Two and a half
It makes no difference where he is eight the tone sucks. We want the callers back four
Uh from Toronto best two from iMe too and from Amstam none
Well, we only did so few shows from Amstam now. How do I how do I know? Yeah? How many three four a little more than that
I think about five five or six
Or five or four a couple
Paul Krugman writes in the New York Times and this business about we want the callers back good luck to you
Okay, I put that on there to just keep you people busy
And what was wrong we took calls yesterday didn't we
Sure one and a half no one and a half that's calls first one was a half a call because he wasn't there
He disappeared. We heard somebody move it in the background and as soon as I punched it up he disappeared and then we had the chronic eye
In fact, I guarantee you the chronic eye if I would take a couple of calls right now he'd be the first one honored
Don't you think
Come on mr. Chronic you can do it. You know Joe
You know old Joe from the sports show
You know Steve oh by the way speaking of Steve stuttering Steve
The other Steve who's also close to being a stuttering Steve the bug man no answer to how Steve nice going baby. What a great job he did
They're an aberration in South Florida that company
What is the name of that company again ATM alternative termite management?
I'll turn it to my management. Where is it in the middle of right under the screen? Oh there it is Steven Paige
Is that his name or is that his page
Ha
That's his name well. I'm not giving his number on here
But anyway you can look him up alternative turn him a
Termite management and they do ants and termites and uncles and stuff like that and man
I've had an ant problem and a house of mine for it since the day I moved in there. You know, there's a little tiny pieces of crap
And he came in here and put it right now
Don't let him get started talking too much because he is annoying and he's very strange
But boy does a great job. Well, you know nobody's perfect
Wouldn't you rather have a guys a little bit strange and does a great job work and somebody seems like a really upright fellow and all of that
Who does a crappy job, you know
Not only two votes that makes no difference. Where he is 20? We're here whether he likes it or not the tone sucks
We want to call us back 12. I don't see any calls on the board WQ. I am
You made my day pal, and thanks for the happy birthday. Okay, and what was that you that was me well congratulations
Thank you, sir. We're getting older. How long do you think mullies by the way?
142 close. Thank you. See I tell you there. See you want the calls back. That's the only caller we got
That's it. That's all we need it was him
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
This could be the day we just go back to taking phone calls who needs this computer crap, huh?
Maybe I'll just do that when I'm doing a real show like from out of town because I don't feel like I'm doing a real show here because this ain't a real place
Oh, and look at this there the call are pouring in one at a time WQ I am
George yes, it's the kids to lady hi. Hi. How are you okay?
Can I say hi to uncle Neil hi, here's the kishky lady hello
Hi, Neil. How are you okay? How are you doing? It's been a long time. Thank God fine. Yeah everything with you everything's great good new year
I thought New Year's in January
Oh, not for us. Yeah, I just read a very quick Illinois Palestinians. What is it?
Just read a very interesting article
that the
powers that be in Holland have banned the
What the slaughter of animals in a kosher fashion because they say that it's cruelty to animals to the cows. Uh-huh
I just thought if you had heard anything about that. No
I just know that they're very anti-Semitic
They are huh?
That's why their that's why their language sounds some of us like German they're not too crazy about Jews over there
Just ask my landlord hill today
Just mention kishky to him and all of a sudden he'll go on a three hour tirade about the Jews and how they won a lot
Really? Yes, ma'am
The price to hear that but I'm glad that you're back. I'm going to take you. Oh car wash. No thanks. Okay. Have a great day
Nice hearing from you. You too. Bye. Bye. Bye. No car wash. No, it might how could dirty could my car be it's been in the garage for months
Could be little dust. It's not dusty. It's not dirty. It's beautiful. It's pristine. Oh, I hope Moe didn't do a little pee on on the wheel on the way on
Probably took a leak on it. Maybe he's not a supposed gonna key it one of these. Okay. Let's take a lot of calls today
Okay, I'm gonna put all this stuff aside save it from Monday. What are you laughing about?
Hey, I don't care. I don't give a crap. We'll lose screenless all day
I'm just in the mood for that
After having all that drilling going on over here and all the problems we have at a computer plus we got 18
We got 31% say the tone of the show sucks. They want the callers back god damn it. What's wrong with you?
You got to go with a flow mister. See that's your problem
You just don't understand then you go on here Wednesday. Oh well if I can only read now we do the same thing the callers are great
I'm gonna try to tell you that for a hundred years
They suck the callers are great. I'll never listen don't you believe me
You better start listening to me mister and then maybe you'll get your new contract
But because Gregor said it's just so full of crap. I doubt it. You're not fooling anybody Greg. Okay. You're not fooling George
You're not full in Norma. You're not fooling me. You're not fooling Muff you're not full in Clarex
You're not fooling the audience. You're not fooling anybody
You're just playing the old hide and seek game. Okay peekaboo hide and seek like a little child like a little spoiled child
Who's busy playing his life through everybody else's money?
Give George the frickin contract. Okay, remember in a network
He shot her that shot in the air
Give him the f and not whatever that clause was, you know the contract remember that
Yep, you commy back to that. That was great. That whole everything in that movie was great
958 at 560 we already got the chronic birthday guy and a kishka lady. What more could you want?
57 votes under and say we want the calls back. God damn it
Know what I had last night. I haven't had for months a good night's sleep
Now why does he put that in urban sleeping like a baby for months, you know fat boy. You're so full of crap
In fact, you know if they would just put like a two-bottom
Find out he's like at 400 pounds 350 of it is crap
Anyway, I'm sleeping on the great mattress. I got from dial amatrus
Miguel got one as well
Is this the one that's got McGill in here all the way through oh yeah?
McGill did this and McGill did that actually the bottom line is McGill and his girlfriend his the living girlfriend
We're screwing their brains out so much and they had all kinds of couples in there and like just don't know
Seen things on at mattress and wore the old one out and the mattress too
And that's why McGill has to have a tie on
He's got a spear
That's I saw him today. He would have a tie. That's why now that's why yeah
Oh, no that tie was the one with the three studios that the limo guy had the other day
In honor of a mole
And anyway, he had to get himself a new mattress
So they called the folks at dial amatrus and they got the best mattresses in the world
Seenly served us Simmons of King Coil every size every comfort level
And McGill had a big smile on his post yesterday because he said they were there on time with them to our window
He wanted they set it up and he's sleeping like a baby and doing all kinds even he started all over again
Pick it up where they started off trying to wear this mattress out
So when it outdo the same thing no waste your time running around time getting ripped off in those vetting departments doors
Do this smart thing like lovely McGill pick up the phone and call dial amatrus
You pick the a tour window in the day for delivery seven days a week
And you get an unbeatable price and that 30-day-in-home comfort guarantee to try it out the real way
1-800 mattress for dial amatrus 1-800 MATT RES brand-name beds for busy people
You know my bad love
This is 4-20 of bikes at EWAF
Ah!
The vocabulary of the average American stops growing by age 18
And a lot sooner if you live in the Ozarks
To make a positive impression and to get ahead
You need an advantage
You need Hilbilly verbal advantage
With Hilbilly verbal advantage you'll learn key power words that will make you seem smarter than you really are
Words like
Brucem
Whoah! If you've seen Villabives boy young Villabive
I hardly recognize him he sure has Brucem
Raffle
You best get out of here I'll let this raffle do the talking for me
Spirits
I heard that old doc Frankenstein was doing all sorts of weird experiments in his basement
Give your vocabulary the boost it needs with Hilbilly verbal advantage
Call today
10-0-2 at 5-60 but that was pretty weak
I told
10-0-3 at 5-60 WQL on a Friday this like I said this is the turning point this is the beginning of the end
I have that I can feel it I can smell it
By the way rob and mommy lice I do love that story and I already got it but thanks very much anyway
I have a much better copy that you can actually read
Thanks rob will get to it eventually about the amount of Republican candidate
Who's quitting because he claims that democratic ads are trying to like make make him seem like he's uh something that he claims that he's not
Did you see that story? No like gay
Uh-oh
Faith with drug charge Dawson to turn herself in let's hear it for a state senator Mandy Dawson
Democrat
She's expected to turn herself into brow law enforcement official sometime they bland. It's hotter and hell in here
You know what?
Jesus Christ
Oh my god
Woo
74
See now one great thing about having a studio in your apartment is that you're the only one who uh
You know just the thermostat you're the only one who messes with a computer with the equipment who listens to some of the CDs
Nobody touches anything anything as opposed to one here and that again is because we got a lot of people who lie here
Oh, we're gonna put a lock on her well
They got a lock on the door but everybody's got a key so what difference does it make it would be it would be like if you
Left 85 copies of your house key out on the front you know like on a hook
If we got a key and we got a good security system
But just in case you want to get in here's a several spares and that's the way it is around here
So people come in here and they dick with this and they dick with that
State Senator Mandy Dawson's expected to turn herself into bry I already read that earlier this month the Fort Lauderdale Democrat allegedly
Challenge a change day 60-pill prescription for a painkiller to one for 160 pills at a talent-hancy pubics pharmacy and allegedly alter the prescription date
Uh-uh not good Mandy
It's a misunderstanding between the pharmacist the doctor and Mandy said Henry C. Hunter of talent-hancy one of Dawson's attorneys
Dawson committed no crime and will be cleared he be saying
Dawson answered the door to work daughters coven a creek home the yesterday afternoon
She declined comments as the herald saying her attorneys advise you not to be speaking
The 10-year-old 10-year-taal acid veteran running for relations charged with obtaining an attempting to obtain controlled substances by fraud sounds for meteor a jury on Wednesday
Sighted warrant for her arrest
If Dawson 46 of co-ent a creek is convicted of the third degree felony
She'd have to forfeit a office under Florida law
She'll also pay up to five years in prison
She's been using the drug law set 10 for several years in connection with back pain
Dawson and previously apologized for chronic tardiness and missed both starting in the 2000 session
Saying she was slowed by painkillers prescribed for severe headaches
She continued to miss votes before she entered when surgery in March for degenerative spinal discs
There's not any intent for fraud hunter said the drug. He said mostly consistent ingredients found in Tylenol
Or you know something
I think that instead of like writing a phony prescription or like changing it or altering or whatever
How about some extra tonight Tylenol sounds good to me you can buy that right over the counter
Sure, that's how reasonable tablets or capsules sounds reasonable to me
So good luck to me and you'll need it
I just mentioned that because I want to make point out that this cause no well bushes
See no well's got a little tougher problems. I think
Don't you?
No, she can afford them. Oh
92 votes on the pool the tone see the tone. I don't know
The word tone should be like in not just in quotes see the quotes is like having her bush will bolt in it up a little
Pulled in the puts it up a little airic will you please
Jesus I spent yesterday the whole guide damn show bitching out poor bell south and spirul can't
Probably ready to jump off into all building and George still don't want to ease off on them because he said they really do so three days now
What at home? Yeah, who does all screw up and everybody all time well anyways
But but I find a problem in here is not so much them as net scape which blows
I mean forget about net scape it's like a dinosaur hop on that internet explorer and you're all over the place in no time at all
It works like a charm and then occurred air air servers goes down
Computers are like the bone of our existence 92 votes the tone. Neil show makes no difference where he is 43 the tone sucks
We want the colors back 32 35 percent best from Toronto 9 best for Miami 6 and best for mams to them one
And we're giving him the colors back today lots and lots of colors today. You just watch at least five Q. I.m
Good morning. Yes, sir
Neil yes, I am
God
Let me ask you question Neil. When did George become a smug little spec? I used to like talking to that guy. Yeah, you better get winded mumbles
I'm telling you I called the guy a couple of times over the summer and he was
He was harsh abrasive almost costing good
Yeah, that's the way that's the way we like it. Well, that's why you listen to the show. We don't want Pablo on here
Absolutely correct you want Pablo me can listen in the morning. Hey, guess who this is I don't know the aboly guy
And have a great day and you too that sounded like the aboly and kind you know what it was the aboly and kind
I can't out you know something I can't get rid of the call
What what's just happened here? Oh you locked it hit it again
I locked what
Hit the line again and then hit drop oh
brother
When you hit it twice does anything in here work besides us does anything in this place work?
I think Bellevue Brian had a point. Chrissy does have a little problem Bellevue Brian. Yay
W-Q-A-M
Speaking
Yes, you ought to do something about George he dished
Uh small bill
Hey, listen, he put he gave me my background. He took that naked chickie and on my computer screen this morning
And he got rid of it because I was really pissed off about that he put Tom Wellington under Stark naked
I was gonna go that's a bonus then they will let him fly it looked like a bone
Thanks you probably missed that episode. It was so weak episode the last one that was on the Tuesday night
Just a preachy sappy all about friendship and trust and I thought I was gonna be I didn't miss that
Why would I have missed that oh I hated it the one with the schwarzer his friend. Yeah, yeah
Yeah, it was it was good and the last and the last four or five minutes there is always kind of like a
The tear comes to your eye. Yeah, you get a little bit moist by the end of the show and your eye too
I don't know how you could say that man
It was a good episode. There's nothing wrong with the previous one with the flesh and the sweat and the moisture
I like that scene. It keeps showing with a flesh and the sweat. We're what's his name the uh kid the blonde kid
They went off to the army. He's got him tied up to that post there like Jesus
And he's like naked as a jaybird got a shirt off and he's all sweated up
And he's got like I'll tell you for guys got size 14 feet. He's got really small nipples, you know
I
Your sports radio five six you a
You a
Yeah, hurry it up. It was stupid rejoins. Okay 10 13 because I want to put this on from CNN
Please report chase near Fredressburg, Virginia and it may have something to do with the sniper
to have their reflexes ready emergency situation
Here I will continue to track it for me. I'm not sure if you're gathering more information shooting another shooting report
What we know right now apparently there has been an incident authorities have responded as they have repeatedly now
For nine days in running and we'll track it see if there's a connection there
Yeah, Bill. I think the most important point is one that you and Jean have made repeatedly and that is
Even though there's some type of emergency situation too early now to say if this is related to the numerous sniper attacks
One interesting thing though as we do look for similarities because I'm able to listen into some of our affiliates as
You guys are talking on CNN hearing that this could possibly happen that an ex-con gathsation also interestingly enough that particular
Yeah, that particular gathsations according to W USA our affiliate is across from one of the police barracks
Again, we'll have to wait and see exactly what the situation is and how it relates to
What we're following but we will get back to you in Montgomery County. Thank you. Jean and Bill
We have a progress report right now on the
condition of the sniper's eighth victim
That is the 13-year-old boy who was shot outside his school on Monday
The teenager was shot once outside of past her middle school of Maryland
This is now video that you're seeing actually from the uh
That would have been from the the menace and I give us the condition, but you okay?
I want to talk about right now
We can get those pictures up as to do a task for middle school at that particular one in Booey, Maryland
That's where police found a shell case. Oh, I can't I just can't deal with it
And anyway, we'll we'll keep you abreast of that situation
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Our fax machines also screwed up every time one page comes out or the whole no matter how much paper you put in there like 500 blank pages come out with it
So everything in this place is in a state of total disarray
Total and complete disarray but nevertheless holding it out of paper. I can't imagine why
Oh
God look at that
I'm not going to predict with it. Okay, I just I just give up I just throw up my arms and discuss and give up this place is
Unworkable this studio is unacceptable this radio station is unworkable this show is not
You know and anybody who says that this tone is whatever this tone blows
This old tone
123 votes on a pool the tone and he'll show it makes no difference. Where is 55 the tone sucks nice going here on the
Ascent of they're getting that tone thing. I'll book stuff. We want the callers back 46 it sucks
Uh, best from Toronto 11 best for Miami 8 and best for Mammoth's day 1
And if they think it's best for Miami good luck to them because this this tone yesterday and today
This is what I had in mind when I stepped off that plane
Because I would have turned around and gotten right back on
Because you know how that works when you get off and you come through the jetway and then the people are all sitting
They're waiting for the one going back the other way. That's what I should have done. Hey. Hi Helen. Nice seeing you
It's just a false alarm. I'm going back honey. You turn. Yeah, I done a real quick you turn
Paul Krugman writes in the New York Times today moles at work
He says so here's my theory Michael Oxley Harvey pit and George W. Bush are all communist moles who have worked
Their way into the center of the capitalist system in order to destroy it
How else can you make sense of their actions? It's true that in July they gradually agreed to go a corporate reform bill
Which briefly come the growing investor panic that was because it's essential for them to control congress
They need maximum leeway to wreck the US economy
But then they thought a better answer saber rattling over Ractas double duty
It distracts the media on Wednesday that out fell 215 points hitting a nearly five year low while consumer confidence fell the levels now
Seen since 1996 yet neither story was treated as front page news and war talk itself helps depress stocks and consumer competence
And further underwines the economy going up again today though boys and girls you see that he hasn't spoken yet
Oh, that's right
The masterstroke came last week even as evidence mounted that the wheels are coming off our so-called recovery
The conspirators carefully destroyed the credibility of July's corporate reforms
The financial times reports that it wasn't just congressional Republicans in the accounting industry
That blocked the appointment of John Biggs to had a crucial new accounting oversight board
The White House was concerned at labor union backing for mr. Biggs
Now that the best candidate's been humiliated and betrayed nobody of stature will take the post
That means corporate reform is dead in the water and if the conspirators hold the house and regain the senate
They can proceed with their wrecking program driving the budget even deeper in the long-term deficit scaring small investors
And blocking any actions that might pull the economy out of its deepening funk that's with an end
Okay, I'm not quite sure about this theory
There's another theory that might explain what these guys are doing
They simply maybe
Constitutionally incapable actually given the presence of John ascroft make that unconstitutionally incapable of doing what has to be done
What we've learned over the past year is the extent to which the modern business game is rigged in favor of insiders
Self-dealing has become pervasive incredibly generous executive compensation sweet deal loans and preferential access to IPOs
We're standard practice many companies that have any have become targets of SEC investigation
And deceptive accounting which lure the public into buying stock even as insiders were baiting out must have been very widespread
Indeed in the last three years of the bubble reported corporate profit sword
But the overall measure of profits calculated by the US Commerce Department
Which is unaffected by the maneuvers company used to cook their books hardly grew at all
In short the fix was in if we're to have a real recovery
It's urgent that ordinary investors be assured that those days are over
It may be hard for our current leaders to understand that urgency all their lives the fixes been in on their behalf
Wednesday's Wall Street Journal report another piece of the Harkin energy story one that provides even more evidence
So how family connections smooth mr. Bush's business career the key defense against charges that is sale of the Harkin stock
A mother to insider trading has always been the fact that while the stocks price plunge soon after he sold his shares it then recovered albeit temporarily
Now we know why it recovered. It wasn't just a mysterious invitation real for oil off by rain
Harkin also pulled a trick that would be emulated on larger scale by N-ron
In effect that borrowed money to pay his bills while using loopholes in accounting rules to conceal a resulting debt
What made the trick possible was Harkin's guardian angel a powerful institution controlled by an oil man
Robert Stone who was a strong political supporter of mr. Bush's father
This institution acquired a large stake in Harkin as soon as mr. Bush became a board member
And subsequently showed itself hoping to do whatever it took to keep the hapless company afloat
This included taking much of the companies dead off its books and returned for assets of doubtful value and giving Harkin a share in their
Partnership almost twice as large as its contribution to the partnership's capital
The name of the guardian angel the Harvard University endowment. Don't be surprised professors don't run the university's money
That's what the Paul Kravman writes in today's New York Times
Oh, and guess what the other day when we had that the US said and also Yemen said because it was too embarrassing for them
They said it wasn't the terrorist attack on the tanker off of Yemen. Well guess what they were wrong. They changed their tune
I mean didn't we know I mean how well you have to be kind of a rocket scientist
They know that when they saw a speeding boat approaching and this gigantic bomb blast almost identical to one on the US is cool
Oh, no, it's just was an accident on board
Couple of nuclear weapons. Well now how come the traffic some moving here again in the Ferb expert. You know what I say? Yeah
Police confirm shooting in Spatula, Vanya County, Virginia to any potential
important development
We go back to that in a moment this update you know what we know today
The police chief came out just about two hours ago
I thought he said one thing that was quite interesting actually
He said we're still getting good tips on our tip line
88 324 9800 is the consolidated number as of yesterday morning
And the other thing is stress was if you have information
Don't be shy let us decipher let us to determine what we think is important critical
Right because someone could have seen something that they judge to be irrelevant. Yeah, let go your comments
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T. Now let's get these lines up here
We got 37% of the people want to call us. Where the hell are they? Of course, it's Columbus day on Monday, right?
Isn't that when we celebrate it?
Yeah, yes
Even though it's officially tomorrow, I believe
Is it isn't it the 12th of October? I never knew I just looked at the calendar
Well, you bet it. What kind of that's right for got you came off of an anabode so did he so what do you yeah?
That's that's a good point
I was here in Belafonte singing on his boat or yours
On the way back 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T and Verizon wireless line as we get some calls back out of the show here
Because the audience think the tone sucks they want the calls back. I don't think in Toronto. I need the calls here
I need them
What oh, I thought I heard something like why like somebody opening the door
But I think it was a false alarm
Somebody Q I am
Hello, yes, sir. Hey, how are you? I'm doing good great to hear you
Taking phone calls for once in a while. Yeah, I understand why you're not doing it on a more regular basis needless to say now
Why would that be all these you know douche bags down here in Miami all these boys
Um
Call on you up and talking garbage
So we're back to the NHL season very happy about that
I wanted to just you know point out the fact that obviously day in and day out
We're aware of the background of George Bush and we're aware of the background at Dick Cheney
It's so tiresome to listen to though because anybody juxtapose with the last guy we had in office for eight years number one
Wasn't going to be the orator that he was
Number two wasn't going to have his little rags to riches trailer park background to getting to the White House glory story
That's that is that what this is all about what about John of Kennedy John of Kennedy didn't have half of
What is that have to do with war and Iraq it doesn't have anything to do with war and Iraq
But you guys are reading columns every single day about George Bush and how somebody's taking care of him and stroked him
His whole life and made sure everything went well for him
Well, you're missing the point the fact that these corporations that if you were born the fact that these corporations have ripped off the
American public and the investors and people are losing their entire
Investment the retirement savings. That's what we're people are psychotic about
We don't we already knew that this president was born with a silver spoon up his ass and his brother as well
Yeah, nobody's been able yet to actually prove that he personally has done anything wrong
All they've done is shown
To do with going to war in Iraq at election time because the economy's in the crapper
Well, I don't think I'm relying to the American public about it
I honestly don't think that he did a bad job the other night of explaining that
He didn't do a bad job. He didn't do any job
No, no proof. We offer no evidence and have a great day, okay
Call up a lardass. He's talking about the boy. Yeah, this guy is pleased that we're not and that we're taking calls
Because if he flex from reading these 80 minutes, which I got a lot of them sir
I got a whole bunch of him here and make you very happy
If you think that anybody's gonna like muscle me and not exposing the kind of fraud that we got for a government here
These assholes that stall and stole the election Robert Fisk writes what the US president wants us to forget and the UK independent
What they want us to forget here's White House exaggerating your raki threat julienne burger in Washington
This this childish business about wow the Kennedys did it have always said that the Kennedys with the biggest crooks on the face of the earth
Joe Kennedy was a freaking bootlegger and a scumbag. We all know that they stole that election two and sixty
With all those dead people have voted in Chicago with the last minute. Thanks to dick daily and all the other dicks
But you're one of those silly people sir. You're one of those politically blind people and you obviously when braced this guy
Hey, have a good time with him. You got a lot of company 63% they got a country. He's doing a great job
Which is what makes me very happy most of the right. I'll live here
How could anybody believe that?
You look at the economy you look at people's retirement savings that went up in smoke
We're not talking about people that want to have be billionaires like or multi-millionaires like the bushes in the Kennedys
People that just would like to be able to retire someday before they croak
People to work their asses off all their lives so they could put away a little bit of an estec and guess what?
Well, it was a fraud too bad you lose
Just like all this bull crap on the gambling channel on their own CNBC all this fraud that they've been perpetrating
And I'm the only one in the country that takes into task for it. It's garbage
It's kaka
They had the opportunity to expose all of this crap. They didn't do it
All these comms all this n-ron crap and all these other stocks that are now like a buck and two bucks and 70 cents and
Sun micro systems two and a half bucks. It's the new economy new economy my freaking ass, okay
So sir you go and explain to all of these goddamn poor people out there to lost their life savings in this scam
What it's all about and well? We don't have any fancy. Did anything wrong? No, right his investment his minimal
Investment in Texas Rangers that all of a sudden became to $15 million that was done with mirrors that was done by magic
Everything these goddamn people do is the chicaner and you know it as well as I do not to mention of course his partner in crime dick speaking of dicks
But what am I getting excited? But see that's the problem again with these calls
This is a guy who wants to tell me what I should be talking about
It's very ponderous hearing and obviously he listens every day
Every goddamn day. You know something sir every day. I'm gonna read more of those stories that make you a nervous make you squirm in your chair
In fact you inspired me after the break. I'm gonna do a whole series of writing a role
Because I just am nauseated by all you people out there are too stupid and too politically and the Democrats suck
Look at what they did yesterday the way they caved in I'll give credit to 100 in some out
I mean a far more than they thought voted against it in the house which I gave them credit for having a little bit of a backbone but not enough
And the Senate my god what we're gonna have other than Kennedy and bird to cover of course bird scene
I'll anyway and a few of the other well look at Tom Dachel his disgusting performance yesterday
You see that you see his feet no what he caved in
pulled it over like a piece of paper mache
Because they're all terrified. It's just not politically correct to be what is perceived to be unpatriotic
They've been painted into a corner and I'll give Bush in his crony's credit for that
You're in like he said before you're either with us or you're against this
You're either one of the good guys or the evildoers and there's nobody in between
And the public being put a little bit like a bunch of morons and political animals out there
It's just like a religion things you've been brainwashed. That's all
Republicans good Democrats bad
Kennedies they were a bunch of crooks so they were bad
But to bush people their crooks but they were publicants so they're okay and don't tell us about it
Well guess what sir. I am gonna tell you about it
On and on and on I'm much as to go to four o'clock today. Okay screw that football crap
Screw all that bull crap that we have at a station 20 hours today. I'll let horseball crap about ball games
About jock straps about men that take showers together. That's a bunch of fag crap believe me
I know because I know my fag crap. Okay. I'm the expert on faggery
And a bunch of guys that take showers together and snap towels on each other's ass. That's a bunch of faggets, okay
So
Thanks very much for your call
And have a nice day as Mike Siegel would say. Oh, you remember I was talking about Mike Siegel just the other day without bed here
Peace right man. Is he an asshole? Is he an asshole? He's an asshole. I said
1028 at five so well that changed the tone of the show a little bit look at that we're up to 41% now
Cast away seafood company no seafood man
In fact, uh when they saw scrant in the hallway they said wow
It smells fishy to me
They pride themselves in serving you the freshest seafood available fresh fish never frozen
They also feature grilled certified angus beef burger is filet minion or a huge delicious mouthwatering new york strip
Castaways got great weekend specials. I call you can eat castaways catfish only 1095 remember the catfish lady
No, was that before your time must have been wow
Grupper with an almond glaze for 1495. That's when taking calls was fun or a grilled double-centered pork
Cup pork chop for just 1595
During the castaways tailgate party at the hog fish bar offering college and meaningless NFL football specials
Including all you can eat hot and spicy buffalo shrimp for just 795 while you watch your favorite team
The food isn't mean it was just the games are there's also live entertainment every Saturday night
Castaway seafood company they got a full bar they're open every day of your life seven days a week
And you'll find them on the southwest corner of university driving Gryffin Road and baby
If you're looking to cater your next home or office party castaways can do that too
The castaway seafood company featuring seafood fresh so fresh
It'll slap you in the push
Chamberlain rape me
Chocolate pudding
What got built right like come
And we want to go home
Suicide
Mom
It can kill
Right like come man
We want to go home
Hey Mr Corridor
Tell me
Up the body
Right like come man
We want to go home
He say hey Mr Corridor
Tell me
Up the body
Right like come man
We want to go home
Six men, seven men, eight men dead
Right like come man
We want to go home
Six men, seven men, eight men dead
Right like come man
We want to go home
Hey
We say hey
Don't
Right like come man
We want to go home
Jerk
Huh
He said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he
said, he said, he said that he said, he said, he said, he said, he said he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said he said oh, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, go LOL, come hand!
I really got me whipped up into a frenzy so it's good that we took some calls. You know all I needed was that one
Got me whipped up into a fanatical frenzy because no see what he wants is he wants
Rush Limbaugh
Bill O'Reilly
Olly North G Gordon Litty he wants them on 24 hours an hour every station in America. That's what he wants
So they can pair it the same old tired crap
Because he didn't have anything to say just like Bush on Monday night. He had nothing to say
Which we'll get to in a second by the way
Carlos good little Carlos are good close personal friend
By the way to get a paycheck yet from this joint Carlos not yet
He won and I'm just kidding just a joke Carlos you might I don't want to say he will he might
Just like you might give a new contract, but
Police in Morseville, Pennsylvania have seen a lot of weird things on a job
And nothing prepared them for the guy who limped into the station house with a nail and a firecracker in his penis
The unidentified man from nearby Trent New Jersey told the stunt cops he had inserted the objects himself a refuse to say why
He asked them to take him to the hospital
The Bizarrens in a quickly sparked ribald human-rung officers
He probably wanted to go off with a bang one quick squirt squirt and that clevering want to go off of the bang
Okay, well, it's Trent New Jersey. They got nothing else to do there except avoid the shvarters
So anyway this episode up there in Maryland
The cops are like stop and slow traffic on on any five and every now and then they'll pull some people over like
Oh, you look kind of suspicious and then they're led a bunch of other people just go flying by so
What can I tell you?
President Bush this is by who wrote this?
Julian Borgren washington from the Guardian UK
President Bush's case against Sodom who's saying outlined in the televised address to the nation Monday night
We lie down a slanted and sometimes entirely false reading of the available US intelligence government officials and
Analysts claimed yesterday
Officials in the CIA FBI and Energy Department of being put under intense pressure to produce reports which backed
Administration's line the Guardian has learned and respond some are complying some are resisting and some are choosing to remain silent
Basically cooked information is working its way in a high-level pronouncements
And there's a lot of unhappiness about it in intelligence
Especially among analysts of the CIA said Vincent canna stror the CIA's former head of counterintelligence
In his address the president reassured Americans that military action was not imminent or unavoidable
Unemployable, but he made the most detailed case to date for the use of force should become necessary
But some of the key allegations against the Iraqi regime were not supported by intelligence currently available to the administration
Mr. Bush repeated a claim already made by senior members of his administration that Iraq is attempted to import hardened aluminum tubes for gas
Center-viewed which are used to enrich uranium for nuclear weapons the tubes were also mentioned by Tony Blair and his dossier of evidence
Presented a parliament last month. However, US government experts on nuclear weapons and centrifuges have suggested that they were more likely to be used for making
conventional weapons. I would just say there is not much support for that nuclear theory around here
State Department of Energy Specialist David Albright a physicist and former UN weapons inspector was consulted on the purpose of the aluminum tubes
Said it was far from clear that the tubes were intended for a uranium centrifuge
Mr. Albright who heads the Institute for Science and International Security a Washington think tank said there's a cat fight going on about this right now
On one side you have most of the experts on gas centrifuges on the other you have one guy sitting in the CIA
Mr. Albright said skeptics at the Energy Department's Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California had been ordered to keep their doubts to themselves
He quoted a colleague at the laboratory as saying the administration can see what it wants and more spectator remains silent
There's already considerable skepticism among US intelligence officials about Mr. Bush's claim of links between Iraq and Al-Qaeda in a speech on Monday
Mr. Bush referred to a very senior al-Qaeda leader where we see medical treatment in Baghdad this year and
Intelligence source of the man the president was referring to was Abu Musab
Zarkawi who was arrested in Jordan in 2001 for his part in the Millennium plot of onturist sites there
He was subsequently released and eventually made his way to a rack in search of treatment
However intercepted telephone calls did not mention any cooperation with the Iraqi government
There's also profound skepticism among US intelligence experts about the president's claim that Iraq is trained al-Qaeda members in bomb-making and poisons in deadly gases
Bob Bayer a former CIA agent who tracked al-Qaeda's rise said that there were contacts between Osama bin Laden the Iraqi government in Sudan in the early 90s and
1998 but there is no evidence that a strategic partnership came out of it
I'm unaware of any evidence of Sodom pursuing terrorism against the United States
He said a source familiar with the 911 investigation said the FBI has been pounded on to make this link in making a case on Monday
Mr. Bush made a startling claim that the Iraqi regime was developing drones or unmanned aerial vehicles UAVs
Which could be used to disperse chemical or biological weapons across broad areas were concerned that Iraq is exploring ways of using these UAVs
Formations targeting the United States he warned US military experts confirmed that Iraq has been converting Eastern European
Trainers jets known as L29s into drones but said that with a maximum range of a few hundred miles
There were no threat to any targets in the US it doesn't make any sense to me if he meant US territory said Stephen Baker a
Retired US Navy rear admiral assessors Iraqi military capabilities at the Washington-based Center for Defense Information
Mr. Canastarrow said the flow of intelligence to the top levels of the administration had been deliberately skewed by the hawks at the Pentagon
CIA assessments are being put aside by the Defense Department in favor of intelligence to getting from the Varais Iraqi Exiles
He said Machiavelli warned princes against listening to exiles. Well, that's what's happening now
There you go boys and girls
That's just the first of many inspired by that brilliant caller that Bush liquor, okay? You look all a Bush you want pal
Use them list to read while you're at it
20 before land watch out for a screw-in whatever you do
My
This is for 305 city
How it David online casino radio 560 W. U.A.M. presents Captain Mo Vaineroo the ratings for the sports format was so bad
We had to start paying the sponsors and went the only three listeners. We had to get paid for listening
Well, we thought we'd give this a try
Hello boys and girls. This is your old Vainey captain. Captain Vaineroo. We got to your full duck at the moit in a mariment over here
Distincts
I ought not be doing this boys and girls. I was a big star at one time. See?
But I gotta tell you kids
living in paradise in cheap I need to check understand all right
Let's see we got over here. Got some great paper. We'll fingers up on for doing
What do you want green James Lee me alone?
Aren't you gonna say good morning to our friends? They're right, good morning moose big cool
Mr. Moose
Homeback a moose I'm glad they're here demanding oh man. You be busy
Man on a pipe down towel the Woolies are all right by me got the good strong lines from the proper breeding
I don't know what you just say that's what you're stupid
Now we're gonna make something out of this great paper you understand then maybe later
I'll pull the link source it just out of my pants. Okay
Here's the paper. I'm gonna eat you want green jeans
Two so let's your take it
It's a joke you're more on top. I'll take one for me. How many for you a mr.
Moose
Ten ten sheets of paper
Look at this black ass monkey over here. You want ten sheets ten sheets of paper
Well, I got news for you pal paper don't come cheat get dumped it soon
What you with it
You're
Dane is through me. I'll hit
Green jeans
Where's your green jeans around my ankles?
Where we want yours to be?
Pulling down green jeans
Oh no, not again
I'll see you right back
Not funny, you know ten forty six and five sixty w. We got mad dog at one hank from and eighty K from Caldera three
The day wants it sure with a hump or from five thirty to six thirty you got a hooter's college football preview with Joseph Gackie and
Dog Bailey Jr. It's seven so get out the notos major league playoffs at ten got the twins at the angels and after baseball you got
Eddie K. What I
Don't understand it. Oh join in progress joined in progress
So in other words the hooters college football previews got to be on for three hours
So we're joining the baseball game in progress and we're carrying like the last the the ass end of it
And what what if it's like nine to one by the time we get into the ballgame should have a big lead in for Eddie K
With that and then ESPN ready overnight. Well, I'm doing the best I can okay. At least I'm I'm passing along
What's on the schedule okay all of it all of it not just part of it
The Jewish Federation of Greater Seattle has dropped Leonard Nimoy from its October 23rd fundraiser because of
Images the former Star Trek stars art photography book of naked and partially dressed women some with Jewish ritual items
Federal a federation director very goring with through the invitation Wednesday in an unpleasant conversation
Nimoy told us the Edel Times for an article published yesterday
The Jewish community group could not afford to jeopardize the annual fundraiser which produced about ten million dollars last year
Goren said the cover for Nimoy's book Shakina shows a woman with her left arm wrapped in a what is it?
Philactories
And I must be what you call it the payas the tallest
No sits it now not sits in to fill in
With Philactories a prayer accessory meant traditionally wearing her right breast visible through a translucent garment
The work is entirely referential said in the more 71 a Jew who grew up in an Orthodox household and is now a reformed Jew
How do you like that?
So I guess they were concerned that her sits as we're showing or something like that one of them must have been
Cut it out Leonard gonna put you back on the goddamn ship would bill Shatner he can get you good deal on what you call it?
Dot com. What's that thing he does a price price line dot com you can do it for you
Nick Christoff writes in the days New York Times. Well, I'm so glad that one guy inspired me man. I'm on a rule now
You inspired me you would Lord ass limbaugh looking piece of turd
That's exactly what he is this tongue probably smells like Lindbergh girl
You know what I'm saying
Even worse than a screw and back home ass
Speaking of skunk what it's getting cold in there now again. Well, there's no happy meeting
It was either hotter than hell in here before or now. It's like cold Nick Christoff writes revolving door monsters in the New York Times today
President Bush and vice president Cheney Portrait Sodom was saying is so menacing and terrifying that one might think they've laid awake at night for years
Worrying about him. Well, when Mr. Cheney was running Haliburton the world services firm
It sold more equipment to erect in any other company did as
First reported by the financial times on November 3rd 2000
Haliburton subsidiary submitted $23.8 million worth of contracts with erected the win in
1998 and nine for approval by its sanctions committee
Now let me say right up front that this wasn't illegal or even my in my view sleazy
This was legitimate business conducted through joint ventures that have been acquired as part of a larger takeover in September
98
Zoma branch a Haliburton spokeswoman says that the subsidiaries completed their pre-existing erect contracts, but did not seek new ones
So this is not evidence of scandalous contact or a gregis misjudgment
This is not like a politician being found as former governor everyone Edwards of Louisiana put it in bed with a dead girl a alive boy
But as we debate whether or not to go to war with the rackets a useful reminder of how fast and change in our perceptions of rogue states
Public enemy number one today is a government that Mr. Cheney was in effect helping show up just a couple of years ago
More broadly the US has a long history in which Saddam though just as monstrous as he is today was coddled as our monster in the
1980s
We provided his army with satellite intelligence so that it could use chemical weapons against Iranian soldiers
When Sodom used nerve gas and mustard gas against the Kurds in 1988
The Reagan administration initially tried to blame Iran. We whipped seven strains of anthraxed
We shipped seven strains of anthrax to Iraq between 1978 and 88
These days we see Iraq as an imminent threat to our way of life
Well just a couple of years ago was perceived as a pathetic dictatorship hardly worth the bother of bombing what changed
Not Iraq, but rather our own sensibilities after 9-11
What is driving this said rod al-Qadiri and endless to the petroleum finance company in Washington?
It's not driven by any Iraqi provocation
You've got to regime it as kept its head down. It's been driven by a domestic constituency in the US
We need to be worried that we're not just pursuing the latest fashion in monsters
Iran was the menace of the 1980s so we snuggle up with Iraq the Soviet threat led us to cuddle with Islamic fundamentalists
Like those now trying to blow us up in
1994 the vote threat changed and hawks pressed hard for military confrontation with North Korea
We came with an initiative going to war with North Korea in a conflict that a Pentagon study found would have killed a million people
Including up to a hundred thousand Americans
In retrospect, it's clear that the hawks were wrong about confronting North Korea
Containment and deterrence so far have worked instead kind of just as they have kind of worked to restrain your back over the last 11 years
And we saved thousands of lives by pressing diplomatic solutions
If we spent money on hypocrisy detectors as well as anthrax detectors, they would be buzzing
For example, Republicans are trying to defeat the Democratic Senator Tim Johnson and South Dakota by running commercials featuring Sodom who's saying
When I was running from Iraq lately some peed readers suggested I stay there for good
They might have had their wish if they've been shooting up to have sent a few said emails thanking me for the fine spying signed George Tennant
The fact is that neither Tim Johnson or any Lily-covered columnist ever bolstered Sodom's government the way Vice President Cheney did perfectly legitimately in 1989
Before we prepare to go to war we need to take a deep breath and make sure we're doing so to overcome a threat
That's real and enduring not one that we're conjuring in part and part out of our trauma of 9-11
Old monsters like Libya North Korea and Iran have proved well not a femoral but least changeable
Let's terrifying today than they used to be and the Iraqi threat for which we're now prepared to sacrifice hundreds or thousands of American casualties
Just a few years ago was simply another tinhorn dictatorship where CEO Cheney was earning his bonus
Right, so that Christoph of Asia is new at times
At a boy Nick
Robert Fisk writes in the UK independent on Wednesday of this week what the US President wants us to forget
Each day now someone says something even more incredible even more unimaginable about President Bush's obsession with war
Yesterday George Bush was himself telling an audience in Cincinnati about nuclear holy warriors
Forget a moment that we still can't prove Sodom was saying as nuclear weapons
Forget that the latest bush speech was just a rehash of all the ifs and maize and cuds in Tony Blair's flimsy 16 pages of allegations in his
Historically dishonest dossier forget that if Osama bin Laden required a nuclear weapon he probably used it first on Sodom
No, we've got to fight nuclear holy warriors
That's what we have to justify the whole charade through which we are being now taken by the White House by Downing Street by all the decaying
Experts on terrorism and a last by far too many journalists
Forget the 14 Palestinians including the 12-year-old child killed by Israel a few hours before Mr. Bush spoke
Forget that when his aircraft killed nine Palestinian children in July along with one militant the Israeli Prime Minister
Ariel Shiro and a man of peace and Mr. Bush's words described the slaughter as a great success
Israel is on our side
Remember to use the word terror
Use it about Saddam Hussein use it about Osama bin Laden use it about yes or I'm a fart use it about anyone who opposes
Israel or America Bush used it in his speech yesterday 30 times and a half an hour. That's one terrorism a minute
But now let's list exactly what we really must forget if we're to support this madness
Most important of all we absolutely must forget that President Ronald Reagan dispatched the special envoy to meet Saddam Hussein in
December of 1983
It's essential to forget this for three reasons
Firstly because the awful Saddam was already using gas against the Iranians
Which is one of the reasons we're now supposedly going to war with them
Secondly because the envoy was sent to Iraq to arrange the reopening of the West embassy in order to secure better trade
Economic relations with the butcher of Baghdad
Thirdly because the envoy was wait for it
Donald Rumsfeld now you might think it strange that Mr. Rumsfeld of course of his folksy press conferences hasn't chatted to us about this interesting tidbit
Says here titbit
You might think he would have wished to enlighten us about the evil nature of the criminal with whom he so warmly shook hands
But no strangely Mr. Rumsfeld is silent about all this
As he is about his subsequent and equally friendly meeting with terracazise
Which just happened to take place on the day in March 1984 that the UN released its damning report on Saddam's use of poison gas against Iran
The American media are silent about this too. Of course because we must forget
We must forget too that in 1988 as Saddam destroyed the people of Halabja would gas along with tens of thousands of other curbs
When he used gas against his own people in the words of Messos Bush, Cheney Blair, Crook, Stroud, all
President Bush senior provided him with 500 million dollars in U.S. government subsidies to buy American farm products
We must forget that the following year after Saddam's genocide was complete
President Bush senior doubled the subsidy to one billion dollars along with a germ seed for anthrax
Helicopters and the notorious dual use material that could be used for chemical and biological weapons
And when President Bush junior promises the Iraqi people in error of new hope and democracy after the destruction of Saddam as he did last night
We must forget how the Americans promised Pakistan and Afghanistan in a new era of hope after the defeat of the Soviet army in 1980 and did nothing
We must forget how President Bush senior Erzir Iraqi strives up against Saddam in 91 when they obeyed and did nothing
We must forget how America promised a new era of hope to Samadhi in 1993 and then after Black Hawk down abandoned the country
We must forget how President Bush junior promised to stand by Afghanistan before he began his bombings last year
And his left and now in economic shambles of drugbearers warlords, Anarchy, and Fear
He boasted yesterday that the people of Afghanistan have been liberated
This after he failed the catch bin Laden failed the catch mullah Omar and while his troops are coming under daily attack
We must forget as we listen to the need to re-instart reinsert arms inspectors that the CIA covertly used UN weapons inspectors to spy on Iraq
And of course, I must forget about oil indeed oil is the one commodity and one of the few things which George Bush
Jr. Know something about along with his ex-cronies Taney and rice and countless others in the administration which has never mentioned
In all of Bush's 30 minutes of anti-arach war talk yesterday meaning Monday
Pleasantly leavened with just two minutes of how I hope this will not require military action
There wasn't a single reference to the fact that Iraq may hold oil reserves larger than those of Saudi Arabia
That American oil company stand again billions of dollars in the event of a US invasion
Then once out of power Bush and his friends could become multi-billionaires on the spores of this war
We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must forget
I beg the local
This is life's excuse
The radio is all yours
You and
Friday you bastard
You
Don't lie
All the harbor
Don't don't don't
Every time I see
That retard it dimwitch
Don't don't don't don't call my TV
I
Have
President
Oh
What
And get to we all voted for
Why?
Here you want this
Come, come, come, lift
Drum and stupidly
Come, come, come
I'm this drunk and rich yet
Come, come, come, easy man
Lumber than me
A piece, President Dunsthoff
Yeah, don't care what it took
You got a man by hook or cross
The Christians ride
No matter what best you will die
But hell don't fear
We've got a great leader here
With President Dunsthoff
Lumber than me
Lumber than me
Lumber than me
Lumber than me
Lumber than me
Lumber than me
You noticed that guy that got me set off about half an hour ago
He started out the call and forgotten this because he got me worked up a little which is fine
But he started out the call
Well, you know, Neil Hockey's seasoned like, you know, he's going to ingratiate himself with me
By saying, oh isn't this grace now we got Hockey back?
Did he say anything about Hockey?
About the Panthers blowing at Game last night?
About anything?
No
No, that was just a diversionary tactic to suck up it
Oh, wouldn't it be so much better if you talk about Hockey?
When they're around ten people out there that want to talk about Hockey, okay sir?
I've been down at road many times before
Now next time George fills in he and Rimmer will be doing a hockey show but never less
A four hour hockey show
A six hour hockey show
What Mo would do in the last two hours of it
But never less
And Hockey in this town
All you got to do is read Dave Hyde's in Sipham Collab again for the second day in a row in a Sun Sentless Morning
Idiotic, pathetic, tragic
Always just nineteen
And by the way it's Bowmister, okay, he's holding that Bowmister
I know Mister is like more whiny, which is right up your alley
That guy, there's a guy talking about an in grade that son of a bitch
You know what I'm talking about?
What are you talking about?
Talking about the only reason he's here is because I made it
That was, that was, I'll office up to right now made a bad mistake
Saving his ass to keep in his job
Why?
Why what?
Why was that a mistake?
Because he's got it because he's become a total suckle
He's not having it well in your right, he has to be
He's got to
I know
See, I'm beaching to the punch
And speaking of suckle as a guy that didn't suck around enough on edge
He's totally unprofessional, isn't belong on here
The beast
That was the line by the way, wasn't he?
He was totally unprofessional, he doesn't belong on my show
That was the line from O about the beast
But anyways, after 11 o'clock I don't see him in here for the way in yet
I don't want to start getting nervous or anything like that
Like I said before, I'm going to do a way in
I'm going to do it early as possible in a day when I haven't consumed very much
So I mean, there's nothing wrong with that
There's nothing dishonest about that
I'm sure he's on his way in
Oh yeah, right, he's on his way all right
Out
Maybe that's him right there on the bat line, is that the beast?
And what's he doing?
Like I said, he's on his way in
See, but that was the one I got the psychic vibrations to bring him up again, see?
Because I knew he was on a way in
Just to try to nudge him along a little
Don't go too fast, okay?
We don't want to record anything
But just to try to put a little pedal out of the medaller
I think he's going to run all the way here from Kendall just to make sure he loses the battle
We're getting mad today
Yeah, run up the old Hershey highway, baby
Now I didn't mention before when I was mayor pingo picani
What's he doing? I'll get him off my screen
God almighty
The shooting in the friendersburg this morning was at an exon station
So the latest in these series of lunatic sniper shootings have been at gas stations now
In fact, wasn't the first one the very first one was at a gas station
And then there were a couple or no, maybe not
Because we had a couple of those at the shopping classes
Right
Were those Michaels, whatever those stores are?
One of the one of the stores at least
And one of the first three or four was at a gas station and not last couple of been at gas stations
And there's still a checking people on the highway there
There are a checking trucks on 9.95 near Fredrick'sburg
It's said them and so on
Anything happens will let you know all a news conference at the exon station 11.30 this morning
I bet you what's his name shows up
Mr. Moose, Mr. Moose
Oh Mr. Moose
Jesus Christ
And I ain't going to be there, he's busy
He's busy getting ready for armor, getting baby
Yeah, getting ready to return
So we can let send all them two thirds of the Jews to hell and the other 30 can sign them up
And of course everybody else, all you Muslims fuck you're out
Oh, forget about you
And all his heathens, forget about that altogether
Van Herde, I know we had several factors about this
Don't have to worry, I'm on top of this stuff
Even though we had a few internet problems here
Speaking of internet, how's that pull coming?
239 votes, the tone of Neil's show is
This is so bogus man, this is such bull crap
It makes no difference where he is 166
The tone sucks, we want the callers back 98
You should live so long you want the callers back
And that guy was a perfect example
He had nothing to say, he just called to tell me what not to say
Oh and a hockey and as soon as he started I thought, well this is refreshing
Maybe here's a guy I went to the game last night
Here's a guy unlike Dave Hyde
And even Daniel Abaston had a little bit of a ball this morning in the herald
Right in about that $10 million they were going to save to pay Pavel
Pavel, Pavel, Bruce Seller
And we're going to go out and get some free agents goose up to the knee
You can't build a franchise out of all the youngsters in the organization
They've been selling out pedaling us that tune for how many years now
Back to the VM days and before
The youngsters in the organization, nobody wants to pay that kind of money to go out and see that
A lot of effort but the same result, okay?
Oh yeah, they really went out there and worked hard on the free agent mark
They got Stefan Mattood and Playlast Night by the way
Is he going to make a difference?
No!
Anyway, somebody ought to tell that dumb frog that he's pot-fan
Man, you talk about dumb Jesus Christ
What the hell was he talking about last night?
He was referring to the Saber's Goli, whose name is Martan Biron
He's another frog
Wouldn't you think that no matter how dumb you are if you were frog
You can pronounce other frog's names
I feel really really really really really really really really
Well, he's in a special category when it comes to dumb that the Nespami called him Matthew
Which his name ain't Matthew
It's thinking of Matthew Barnaby used to play for the Saber
Matthew the home
His name is Martan, they call him Marty
Martan Biron, I watched him play for the Saber's last night
Who kicked the islanders as 5 to 1?
I think that was a final
This is the Nespami
That's what we got in this time, man
It's just seafing with mediocrity
People like Dave Hyth, who don't have the balls to write it like it is
About how the fans keep getting shafted over and over again in this town
And keep getting expected to pay that kind of money
Although I will say this for the new owners, they're not that stupid
They realize they got such a crampy product
They're given tickets away, are you aware of that?
No
If you take your, if you have a Dave Brown or I think Monroe County driver's license
And you bring your license to a, I forget which games, a whole bunch of games
You can get two free tickets in the upper bowl
How do you like that?
I'll go for that deal, how many do you have to go to?
Got all mighty
So nice going, Alan Cohen, you guys really know what you were doing
Not, not
The youngsters in the organization, my ass, okay?
How many years does it take to be billed from scratch?
They keep screwing a public over in this town over and over again, and you don't want it to lie because it's outflowed
Because they can, because they can get away with it
Bad heritage, do I have time to do this?
Not better to do the break first
And then we'll do the bad heritage, didn't we?
Montana Democrats exploit anti-gay prejudice?
How much a jet bush would be excited about that?
In fact, maybe he gave him the idea
They're not homophobic in Montana, are they?
No
Huh? All I'm orange heads up there, they're not homophobic
All I'm people with the four eyes?
Not at all.
You know the ones I'm talking about?
Sure, but that's not the least one.
Fresh ones in Shelby
Almost went to work that one time in Shelby Montana
I said, get me out of here
You're over the floor.
Which way is the old Hershey highway?
Let me hop on it and get out of this place
Shelby Montana
There's Bill Hummer who must be getting serious now he took his glasses off
What do you say to the gators?
He's worried about football, I don't give a crap
Gators pretty weak, man
Let me tell you what else is pretty weak and that is wasting your time and money and effort
Running around to buy a new mattress. If your old mattress is worn out, if you just pummel it to pieces
And you're not worth a crap anymore and you're not getting it right night.
So they do what Miguel did.
Do what I always do. Do what the smart folks do.
Make the one e-c phone call the dial amatrus at 1-800-mattress. That's all you got to do.
They give you the best service in the sun, the best selection because they got the top names in a business.
No off-brands at dial amatrus. They've got Serta and Silly.
Simmons and King Coil.
A no-store in the universe can match their every day exceptionally low prices
And nobody would even think about promising you the kind of service you get when you call dial amatrus.
Because they offer you delivery when it's convenient for you.
Any day, seven days a week in the tour window that you pick, just reach in there and pick it.
And they give you that 30-day home comfort guarantee too.
So you can test out your great new mattress.
The olding intelligent way by sleeping on it.
So pick up that phone and call it right now and buy this weekend.
Buy tonight. You could be sleeping with a big smile on your ugly old push.
Call 1-800-mattress.
1-800-mattress. I mean, be sure and do it before our market income is by the way.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out of the web if you're like at mattress.com.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
1-800-mattress.res or check them out.
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
stops right off the window. Yeah, to try before it gets on the scale. Probably another one
that crosses the beast or maybe this week's excuse will be he's eating now. He's eating
from the stress of having been thrown off the old Mohawarcho. That must be it, you know.
That's gotta be it. As is widely known, the Bush administration has initiated planning
for an American invasion of Iraq. The U.S. is all that's expected to occur early next year
and would tell the commitment of several hundred thousand U.S. combat troops. While strongly
supported by top Republican leaders and some prominent Democrats, these plans have been
condemned by many of America's closest allies and as a result of a vote, a certain amount
of unease among senior U.S. military officials. Why then is the administration so determined
to proceed with the planned invasion? Several explanations have been advanced by Washington
and Siders to answer this question. The official view is that Saddam Hussein must be
deposed before he can employ the weapons of mass destruction that he has sought to possess
in some future clash with U.S. or its allies. Some analysts also believe that the current White
House leadership seeks to erase its lingering embarrassment over the first President Bush's
failure to eliminate the dictator in 1991 to the end of the Persian Gulf War. These and
others such explanations all contain an important element of truth, but they also leave out one
critical factor, oil. There's that word again. The pursuit and protection of Middle
Eastern or has of course always been a significant factor in U.S. security policy. In 1980,
then President Jimmy Carter made explicit what had long been stated informally that any
hostage-deleffered to impede the flow of Persian or Gulf oil would be regarded as an assault
on the vital interest of the United States and as such would be repelled by any means necessary,
including military force. This principle dubbed by the, dubbed the Carter Doctrine, was later
given as the reason for Merkin intervention in the 1991 Gulf conflict and the subsequent buildup
of U.S. forces in the region. Because Iraq still poses a significant threat to Kuwait and Saudi
Arabia, two of America's leading suppliers of oil, it continues to serve as a potential trigger
for the Carter Doctrine. The fact that Iraq probably possesses chemical or biological munitions,
how many such weapons remain in Iraqi hands cannot be known with any certainty because
of the NOAA inspections there for four years adds to but doesn't alter the basic nature of this
threat. In this sense, current U.S. concern over Iraq and its illicit weaponry is tied to the
long-standing American policy of protecting the flow of Persian Gulf oil. But Iraq also figures
in other key aspects of the global oil equation. At a time when domestic U.S. oil production is
facing long-term decline, and America's demand for petroleum is rising every day, the United States
is becoming ever more dependent on major foreign producers like Iraq and Saudi Arabia. Iraq
currently provides the U.S. with approximately 800,000 barrels of crude oil a day or about 9 percent
of total U.S. imports. Although the U.S. doesn't buy directly from Iraq, it acquires Iraqi crude
from middlemen who trade with Baghdad under the U.S. supervised oil for food program. However,
it is not the current flow of Iraqi oil that matters most in Washington, but rather the long-term
equation. By 2020, according to recent Department of Energy calculations, the U.S. will need to import
17 million barrels of oil per day, 6 million more barrels than today. Some of this edition will
probably come from the oil fields in Latin America, Africa, Russia, and the Kaspian sea basin.
But most of it will have to probably come from the Persian Gulf area because only the Gulf possesses
efficient reserves to increase production substantially. Saudi Arabia with estimated reserves of 262
billion barrels has the greatest capacity to accelerate production, but Iraq with 113 billion barrels
comes in second. Together with Iran, Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates, these countries possess
two thirds of the world's known oil reserves. The Bush administration is well aware of America's
and the world's growing dependence on Persian Gulf oil. In the national energy policy report issued
May 2001, also known as the Cheney Report after its key author, the Vice President, the White House
observed that by any estimation, Middle East oil producers will remain central to the world oil
security, and thus will remain a primary focus of U.S. international energy policy. This means,
in particular, convincing the Gulf states to substantially increase their daily output and to
export more of their oil to the U.S. It would be impossible in theory for the U.S. to satisfy its
need for increased oil supplies without it imports from Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, and UAE alone,
but American officials are well aware that conflict and disorder in these countries or
lack of ethical investment could prevent the delivery of adequate supplies. It is therefore U.S.
policy to diversify its dependency as much as possible by increasing imports from other suppliers,
hence the current drive to acquire additional supplies from Russia,
Nicaria, and the Caspian Sea countries. But none of these alternative producers can compare to
Iran, Iraq, and its capacity to boost production substantially. With 113 billion barrels of
proven reserves and indication of vast untapped reservoirs, and as yet unexplored areas of the
country, Iraq is the only country besides Saudi Arabia that can add millions of barrels per day,
an additional production over the next 10 to 20 years. It is for this reason that Iraq looms so
significantly in America's foreign energy policy. As yet, no senior official in Washington
decided this is a reason for invading Iraq to do so would be to eliminate whatever remaining
credibility the Bush administration has in Europe and the Middle East. It could also provoke
opposition in the U.S. among those who question the sacrifice of blood for oil,
but there can be no doubt that the White House made up as it is a former oil company officials
is aware of the oil situation in Iraq and the problems this will pose to successful
realization of the administration's long-term energy strategy only by occupying Iraq and choosing
its new government can the U.S. be certain that these problems will be overcome, especially now that
they threw a monkey wrench in there with an Afghan oil pipeline, you know. Damn it. At this point,
it's impossible for outsiders to know what exactly is driving the administration's campaign to
pass out a mousane. No doubt many factors are involved. Some strategic summit has actually justified
this instance can only be determined if there's a frack at open discussion of U.S. policy to
order Iraq. Surely such a discussion is called for before we place the lives of our servicemen
and women at risk writes Michael T. Claire on salon.com. And don't call me Shirley.
26 after 11 at 5.60 WQAM on a really bizarre Friday. It's all I can tell you.
Since we heard that drilling downstairs, we shouldn't know in time to bail out. Time to get out
for Columbus Day. Something make up some story. 274 votes. The tone on the Eels show. It makes
no difference. Worry is 122. The tone sucks. We want the colors back. 112. 41% want the colors back.
Do you believe that? No. It's best from the money shows from Miami 21. Best from Toronto 14.
And best from Amstadam 3. I guess they missed that show.
From Amstadam. 26 after 11 at 5.60 WQAM. Am I in the right hour? Yeah, I am in the right hour.
You know, we all have different lifestyles. Therefore, we need different products to make us feel
better and be healthier. Oliomed Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical
grade olive oil with vitamins and minerals. Irbals and other nutrients scientifically
designed to provide natural nutrient solution to help you support specific health needs.
Look for Oliomed's three new formulas, which are sleep, weight, management, and coenzyme Q10,
coQ10. I'll use in the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil. Oliomed's an outstanding
new product that's available at public's, records, and Walgreens for more info call Oliomed tool
free 1866 Oliomed. You can also order Oliomed online at OliomedAmerica.com. And if you visit your
nearest publics and purchase an Oliomed product in Browder, Dave counties, you'll receive a coupon
for a free Larry Coker Bobblehead dial while supplies last. And who wouldn't want at least a dozen of
those? Don't forget to visit their sampling provision at SportsStide every Sunday with it
off and they're playing home games too. Pick up free Oliomed samples and product information.
Start feeling healthy right now. Get some Oliomed and start popping into your push today.
You weigh up.
And I am a push. Jesus Christ.
는데
dee
ag
What
dish
take on this day.
Oh, I love it.
Oh, Dan.
Dan is a lady.
Dan is a lady.
Dan is a lady.
Dan is a lady.
Dan is a lady.
Dan is a lady.
Dan is a lady.
Dan is a lady.
Dan is a lady.
Dan is a lady.
Dan is a lady.
Dan is a lady.
Dan is a lady.
Dan is a lady.
Dan is a lady.
Dan is a lady.
Number 32, that was by request by the way.
And that's one of the great bits you'll find.
I don't need more bits on there, but restitution song and Danny and Jimmy.
I'm the new Volka Brian CD.
Restitution and, uh, more bits volume one, which you can buy on your rogers.com.
You can click on it right now.
And purchase maybe the greatest CD in the history of the human race.
That's what everybody in the building is saying.
Except maybe Moe and the guilty.
That guilty, man.
I don't know what to do about that.
I don't know.
286 votes on there.
The tone and the ill show.
It makes no difference where he is 127.
The tone sucks.
We want the caller is back 115.
A little over 40%.
It's best from Miami.
We're like right now.
What is in Miami?
Does it sound technically any different than I'm sitting here?
No.
Oh.
23.
Vestra.
See, it would seem to me that it would sound better when I'm in Toronto.
Because it's been a much better frame of mind and better mood.
At least if these last two days are any barometer, maybe they don't like that.
See, that's your old crowd again.
It likes me to be pissed off and fired up.
They don't want me to be so mellow.
Best from Miami, 23.
Best from Toronto, 16.
Best from Amsterdam, 3.
Those are the ones that heard that show that day.
Listen, don't blame me.
I can't help it if I was a sick child all summer long.
Now, what is this tobacco smoke and food?
Get out of here.
Don't be propagatizing to me about protecting second hand smoke.
Blow it out your ass.
Okay.
I'm sitting here smoking a big fat Stogi and if anybody don't like it too bad, too stinking bad.
All you non-smoking fanatics.
Smoke is bad for you, but this business about becoming militant about it, you make me sick.
So don't be saying me stuff.
Vote yes and then he say like, all these people that want to manipulate what I'm saying on your hand?
Couldn't happen, baby.
I've seen most of you and believe me, you're not manipulating this kid.
And what I say either.
Study.
Israel leads in ignoring security council resolutions.
Israel holds the record for ignoring United Nations Security Council resolutions according to a study by San Francisco University Political Science Professor Steven Zunis.
On the eve of a possible US British assault on Iraq, Zunis decided to examine in depth one of the main arguments used by the Bush Administration to justify changing the Baghdad regime.
Iraq's deliberate refusal to implement UN Security Council resolutions.
He systematically went through all the states given instructions by the Security Council to find out how common the phenomenon was.
His results were somewhat surprising.
Some of the countries are considered unowned to be friendly to the US.
He told how or at yesterday in Israel paper, in the vast majority of cases I examined, the government's violating UN Security Council resolutions are countries that receive significant military diplomatic and financial aid from the US of A.
Israel leads that list.
Since 1968, Israel has violated 32 resolutions that included condemnation or criticism of the government's policies and actions.
Turkey is in second place with 24 violations since 1974 and Morocco was in third with 17 resolutions it be ignoring.
Newstay newspaper published a ranking yesterday but Zunis said he did not rank the states and claimed it was newspaper that came up with the grades.
According to Zunis, out of some 1500 UN Security resolutions passed since 1947, 90 were openly blatantly and continually violated without the government's being held accountable for their actions.
Zunis specifically avoided counting resolutions that are vaguer and clear so that the governments could claim different interpretations of the meaning of the resolutions.
Thus, the famous UN Security Council resolutions 2-4-2-3-38 are not even included in this study.
He also didn't count resolutions that only included condemnations and steady focus to those that included specific calls for changes in the subject government policies.
The resolutions Israel violated, weither about its annexation of East Jerusalem or settlements in the territories, Israel also secured you and ignored rather you and Security Council resolutions that call for Israel to cease urging harsh measures against the Palestinian population and to cease expelling Palestinians.
In response, Israel's deputy chief of mission at the UN, Aaron Yakhov, said yesterday that there are big differences between the decisions that refer to Israel and those that refer to Iraq.
Israel is the only democracy in the region in the fighting for its existence while Iraq is a brutal dictatorship that attacked its neighbors and violated human rights, including the use of chemical weapons against its own citizens he said.
Oh, on that case.
In that case, then my name is it Kosher.
Right.
It's a brutal democracy.
By the way, speaking of Kosher, Rudy Giuliani says all your grease balls out there get over the sopranos.
Repeat after Rudy.
This is on CNN.com.
Repeat after Rudy.
It's just a television show.
It's just a television show.
Former Mayor Rudy Giuliani weighed in yesterday with the cast members of HBO's, the sopranos should march in the Columbus Day parade and the ex prosecutors on the side of the television mob.
It says, of course, we know his name ends in a vowel.
I'm a big sopranos fan, Giuliani, till reporters.
The show is a terrific show and I'd urge some Italian Americans to be less sensitive.
You can spend your whole life wanting to be waiting to be insulted, wanting to be.
Why would you want to be insulted?
This comments came a day after me or Michael Bloomberg, their criticism from parade organizers for inviting Dominic T&A's, who placed only sopranos uncle junior on the show and Lorraine Brocka will place our characteristic Jennifer Melfi to march in the city's annual celebration of Italian parade, pride, whatever.
I think we'll all get beyond it when we just relax more about it Giuliani said it's just a show.
I was not today when they like all the streets in New York, it like slide with olive oil, they shmurled on up and down all the streets, gallons, barrels of it.
Parade organizers dislike the sopranos because they see it's a little more than a negative caricature of Italian American life.
The Columbus Citizens Foundation, which planned the event previously has turned down requests for sopranos actors to participate.
Oh, those Stokes will kill you, man.
What did I tell you? No smoking.
Oh, get a little champion light in me.
I didn't invite them as members of the Super Audit Senate yesterday, we had that.
Larry Arianna, president of the foundation, said the show for perpetuates negative stereotypes.
Beside the whole crime element it shows, it alone Americans as uneducated low life brews, he said.
Giuliani disagreed.
Rudy says, I don't think we should feel sorry for ourselves.
Attending Americans have this thing they have to deal with, where people may have some prejudices because of them off here, which they shouldn't have.
But Giuliani said he can't march in the parade because he'll be in California, signing copies of his new book, leadership and campaigning for Bill Simon.
And Republican candidate for governor, you see what an egotistical little prick he is.
He swings open the door there.
Like we're supposed to have a drum roll.
Is that all playing a tada okay for the beast?
Okay.
Because I heard the real reason he got kicked off that morning show.
What do you say?
He's unprofessional.
He's unprofessional is what I, he's unprofessional.
He's not a broadcaster.
He doesn't belong under, I don't want him talking on my show.
You got it?
Get him out of there.
Let him do the updates and that's the end of that.
Do not let him be on my show, goddamnit, Gellie.
I'm going to cut your balls off and then fire your ass too.
Yeah, he was out in the hallway this morning, Gellie.
Not that I was kind of a chilly reception I got after all this time I've been away.
Haven't seen him in a dog's age.
I saved a guy's job for him, even with his squeaky voice.
Even after the way he tried to stab, jugs, McDonald, in the back there, go after his job there and I radio play by play job.
Okay, the beast is now, this deserves a drum roll.
Let's see, I agree with that.
Beast is getting under scale, ladies and gentlemen.
Balance for life, is he in balance or not a balance?
Most is he's unbalanced.
Oh, wait a minute.
Okay.
Which, what was your last word?
The notes right there.
Oh.
Three pounds.
All right.
So he lost back the two pounds he had gained back and another, whatever.
228 and a half.
Don't forget to update it.
We'll lose track.
See you're another one.
He's telling me what to do now.
Don't you think I'm capable of writing that on here?
I'm chewing gum and sitting here, squeezing my ass at the same time.
Don't you think I can do that?
I don't know.
Let's sit.
And listen to all that drilling and hammering going on around.
I can handle it and taking a few calls to our right.
Let's take a few calls.
And a carpet thing downstairs.
That's what's going on.
I don't give a crap what it is.
I don't care what they're doing.
It is so unacceptable and so freaking outrageous.
I'm going to call my good friend President Bush and have him do something about it.
I'm going to call kind of leases what I'm going to do if he don't cut the crap out.
That's what it's.
So 228 and a half.
The beast is lost.
He started 289.
Is that correct?
284.
Well, and the sand pretty good at math.
Now let's say 56 and a half pounds is what it is, right?
55 and a half.
Let's not get too carried away.
285.
284 and 228 and a half.
And since you haven't seen him in a while, can't you tell?
No.
Did you know?
Of course I can tell the difference.
I don't know.
I mean, I still got about more on.
Yes.
Hey, don't put him on the air.
Whatever you do.
Okay, so I'm professionally a little a Schmidt disderber.
I love eating nuts.
And he consorts with those guys that I made.
They show that just guys learn and at the little guava eating stick.
He consorts with him.
So whatever you do, put him on the guy they made.
Okay, don't ever put him on my show again.
You're fine.
Okay, guilty.
You suckle.
And don't be talking to that fat that juice live in a hallway either.
Okay, because I'll get back to me.
Yeah, we got a real deal going on in this place, boys and girls.
I'll tell you, man.
So nice going here to be.
Stay there.
Came back.
Tell your parents no more goddamn cruises.
Okay, tell them next time they slap you or a fat ass and a cruise.
You're going to throw them both overboard.
Just leave the checkbook.
That's all.
Show their ass overboard.
Here this guy is working.
They've done a damn good job.
Over all these months.
And you know what that reminds me of it during the break.
I'm going to put my shrooms in the microwave.
I snack.
I'm going to have my lunch.
Because I'm back on balance for like myself.
And next week, all next week on channel four on that five and six o'clock news.
They're doing those series on different diets.
They're doing atkins this week.
Next week, balance for life.
Maybe they can have the beast on there.
What are you saying?
Don't put him on air. He's unprofessional.
Don't be putting them on television.
God damn it.
In fact, we can have the beast wearing most wig.
I think that would be that would be some.
I would tune in and watch that special.
I'd tape it.
Get a 90 share.
The beast wearing most peace.
18 till noon at five sixty WQM.
Is there still anybody out there who's not punching their lungs in VIP sportsbook.com?
I feel bad if that's the case.
Let me tell you you're missing out on a really great sports book.
That's what Gary Sarner says.
And you know about Gary.
He's an asshole.
You hear a lot of ads these days.
But you need to do some research before you're plunk.
You're cashed out at some unstable third world sports book.
Let me help you out.
VIPsportsbook.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watch dogs.
They're a Dutch based like in a real country with real living and breathing cheap people.
And one of the first online sports books ever.
So if you want to go on a roll of a lifetime if you're hoping to anyway.
You want to be at that time of the best sports book out there.
VIPsportsbook.com.
So you know you're going to wind up with your cash.
And of course with the football swing in big time.
And I heard a game play another girl school.
I f as you this weekend.
And all the other games going on.
You want to be with the best like I said.
VIPsportsbook.com.
Open an account online and get yourself a 15% cash sign up bonus.
And then I mentioned they got the highest prolly odds you'll find anywhere on the face of the globe.
Up to 2001.
So before Armageddon strikes get that plunging in while it's hot.
Get over to VIPsportsbook.com and play it a book with some real class.
Call tool free to sign up at 1-866-VIP-Bets.
That's 1-866-VIP-B-E-T-S.
Or get that 15% cash bonus by signing up online at VIPsportsbook.com.
Where you be the VIP.
Find and local.
Here's SportsWinio 560-C-W-A-M.
The push.
Press the mouse.
And all the other, and all the other, get runny.
With your fucking yellow teeth so far apart.
And all the other, and all the other, what you be doing.
Get me a match just like that token, smart to thought.
Is you take cause you a hat to pooply, clean?
Is you deflect it and to pamper, who be smart?
Does that like how you shine that shoes under Lisa?
Oh, the way you wash and talk the white is cause.
George and Junior say he trust you can't believe you.
Who's there to allies of the greedy oil loan?
But then he make you clean all the white house bathrooms.
The cup was in the toilet and then scrub the floor.
They tell you don't wear sandals.
God don't leave them.
Now your whole chiptool will make them one of rich and few.
You'll never be like that.
Look you slide it, people throw.
The GOP want you to be that token's new.
One day while you be sniffing, thank you, you may realize.
That's a treat in you just like your esterone.
That when your head will move from side to side, from the leelo.
Until Bush and Romeo, they be cracked and old.
Come to the level 560, another guy that they got shot at that mobile at that exon station.
I'm so well same difference now exon mobile.
Got it, they got shot.
He got it?
Yes.
So we got another ad dead person shot by a crazy ass sniper there in Fredericksburg, Maryland.
I didn't see the press conference, did I miss it or has he just not come out yet?
The moose man, Mr. Moose.
I saw something but it looked the same as it did every other day and I'm sure he wasn't going to say anything.
Did he have his antlers on?
Well he never says anything.
Except when a kid got shot, he said, now you've crossed the line.
And I looked the next day in the paper, the ages of the different, but it was one young woman who was like in early 20s, 23 or 4 and then there was that 72 year old woman.
And I keep asking myself, I don't understand that.
I just don't get that.
Their lives weren't worth as much.
I see.
Officials say tanker likely attacked off Yemen.
You know, like I told you before, they keep changing their story.
First we knew it was a terrorist attack and then well, let's not say that.
A fiery explosion aboard that French-World tanker in the Arabian Sea resulted from an attack on the ship.
US and French officials concluded yesterday the American said it was an act of terrorism most likely carried out by people with links to Al-Qaeda.
Investigators from France, Yemen and the United States have been trying to determine what caused the blaze Sunday in the limber that killed one crew member
and sent 90,000 barrels of oil pouring into the Gulf of Odin.
It's become clear that it's an act of terrorism.
A US intelligence official in Washington said yesterday on the condition of course of anonymity.
Al-Qaeda were considering a World Tanker with economic target the officials said.
Recent statements from Al-Qaeda leaders would have suggested attacks on economic targets are imminent.
The attack bears a number of similarities.
They said these suicide vote strike on USS Kohl in October 2002.
The officials said and we say that that no shmid.
Wow! How do you like that? It bears a striking similarity.
I mean are we sharp or what? Are we on top of it?
Kind of like been there done that. Seen it.
How many votes we got out of the pool now on the tone of the show?
I don't know. I think we're finally getting back on the swing of it here.
A little bit.
After a very hesitant start this morning with all that drilling going on on the floor.
320 votes. The tone of the Niel show is.
It makes no difference where he does the show from 142.
The tone sucks we want the callers back. 131 about 41%.
That's way up from what it used to be by the way.
So do we believe it? Not necessarily.
Why I took some calls. Don't you think I took enough?
That one guy got me all pissed off and he's fired up.
Yeah. Of course he wanted to talk about hockey.
Not. He wanted to talk about as much about hockey as Mo wants to talk about hockey.
That's right. Not.
Because he doesn't know anything about it.
He's too guy damn lazy to go there. He makes one one appearance.
Last season toward the end of the season they gave him a freebie to come there of course and wind and dined and you know.
Kiss this toes. Kiss this ring.
Set around for one period making an appearance showing his president and got up and hauled ass. That's it.
Lazy.
Lazy and old. And of course when you get to be that age, I guess you become lazy.
You know, I get to be in your 70s.
The tone sucks we want the callers back. 131.
41% it's best when it's from Miami like right now 25.
Man is it good or what? I don't I don't see you know.
You're more aggravated. Oh, yeah.
You're right about that. Best from Toronto 16. That's what I voted.
And best from Amsterdam for.
Now why would that be?
I don't know.
Well, that's right. I forgot you can't get that good weed in Toronto. Right.
Yeah, you can.
Kuwaiti Group plan more attacks.
The two Kuwaitis who attacked us Marines this week were part of a group that planned more assaults on the Americans and interior ministry official said today.
However, no connection with Osama, your mom of Bin Laden's al-Qaeda,
Ternet work has been established yet.
The official said on condition of anonymity.
Questioning of some 60 suspects and eyewitnesses in Tuesday shooting at killed one Marine injured another had led to a
Salah around 15 people that was headed by a miss Al-Kandari. There is again famous anus.
One of the attackers, the official said what was your luck is cookies though.
In fact, let's just go blow his brains out and then we'll steal his cookies Al-Kandari 21 and his 26 year old cousin,
Jossam Al-Hajiri, both Muslim extremists who trained in Florida and Afghanistan, drove up and opened fire on the Marines,
taken a break from urban assault training on the island of Fylica, Falaka.
10 miles off the coast of where we know that.
We know what, and then they keep waffling back and forth.
Not that they don't tell us the truth, of course. You don't understand that, don't you?
Good. White van scene bumping vehicles leaving the scene of that shooting in the friend's birth, a white van again.
Now, do you think the white van is probably hidden out on any five right now?
I don't know. You think they got a radio with like a news station on there in that van?
Oh. I think they got to meet more of those cute Tiro cards.
See, when they find that white van, I mean, I don't want to get to be one of these violent people, one of these angry,
but you know, I just blow their crap away right now.
You know, just find a van and kill them. Maybe they'll resist.
Oh, good. We can only hope.
Oh, damn it. It looks like they were going to resist. Oh, the wrong van? Well.
So I think that's a good lesson for all you people out there. Don't be filling up your gate. Don't be pumping your gas.
Don't be pumping though, Ethel, at a station near the highway, right?
Right? Although, of course, it's all confined up in that area so far.
So far. So far. So far. So bad.
Passengers with box cutters played Celestial Charge in return to Bulgaria.
I guess that's a fate worse than that. That's a good punishment.
A Bulgarian law student who attempted to board a plane in Atlantic City last month with two box cutters and scissors struck a plea agreement the yesterday that caused from the leave the country.
Good. Went in doubt. She'll come out.
Nikolay V. Zonet. What is that? That's a box cutter. Oh, Zonet, 21, pleaded guilty knowingly and willfully violating airport rules under the agreement with prosecutors.
It was sentenced to five years probation order to leave the country. Zonet have been charged with the tentative board of playing with a concealed weapon, which currently about the 10 years in federal prison.
If you missed the call earlier on the show where we're taking some really neat calls, not we had some asshole that called in.
He said, oh, yeah, well, you know, those calls really get ponderous. And hey, we got things changing now. It's hockey season.
And you know, plus it gets really ponderous every day hearing all these stories about bush did this.
Just a bush look, you're man, a professional bush liquor who thinks that he can call and influence me and tell me what I'm going to talk about on this show.
Like I'm going to lay off these fascist bastards in Washington.
You can hold your breath real long and hard on that one, baby. Somebody's got to open up a mouth.
Jesus, K. Crane, that's why I do read these comes because they're all from people who have the balls to open up a mouth and tell it like it is instead of goose stepping the guy the party line.
Now, kind of tapes prompt FBI warning. Now I read this, but I don't know what color wonder did I do?
Yellow. Are you sure? Yes. How do you know that? I saw a thing. It was yellow. Yeah.
It was most hair piece. It's comedian. You know, it changes by the day. Certain day. Yeah.
The FBI's warning state local authorities that recent tape statements by alkytoliers may signal that another attack on the US has been approved CBS News National Security Correspondent Dave Martin reports that alkyt has got a track record of releasing statements by its leaders just before major attacks like the Afrokun and embassy bombings in 1998.
The White House said yesterday there were no plans to raise the terror alert level because of the alzoari tape report CBS News Correspondent John Roberts.
It is presently at yellow. See just like I just said. It's presently a yellow significant risk because officials don't have any specific information detailing where and when and tech may occur. Yellow is the third highest level of five threats. Let's see.
We got yellow and then what orange and red. Right. I know my colors. Man. That's why we do I say today a lot because I know my colors. But what's below the yellow?
Green would be at the bottom. No blue is at the bottom. Code blue is at the bottom. Green is the next one. But I thought we just had co blue in Virginia. Nothing green is it. And if you got co blue in the hospital and you got somebody dying over here green is this right.
Hey you know something you better know your com I'm going to get the bridge tender on your ass because you sure don't know your colors mister. Yeah what else wrong with you. You better get with it. Yeah I like the tone of the show better here you know because I get much more aggravated.
I like to tell to these corn chips I got from balance for life. I'm going to like to tell to those damage rooms I got to know those whatever the hell they were. I figure what it said on the air. All the food I've had has been magnificent. I had the Mongolian beef the other day. Oh that's the best.
In spite of the broccoli. And of course you know the kind of idiot that invented Mongolian beef. A Mongolian idiot. It's 1156 at 560 WK-337 votes on the full. Let's get that Boka Brian CD up to 100 CD so by the end of the week. Okay. Quit just downloading and stealing it. We know what you're up to. We know the kind of crap that you assholes pull you cheap bastard you. What's how much is your charging for 15 bucks. Well worth it at 10 times the price. Let's get with it.
Anybody want all those mobs my god enough to make you crap your pants that you're work for more lots of that. Look like he had another one in London. Broiles in his pants this morning.
A pompadopark is doing it this weekend. They be post time tonight for live racing 715 and just maybe a boil out of a broil big big boil. Of course when you get raped that often I guess you do get boils on your ass you know what.
715 post time on Friday and Saturday including that for the first time in a 40 year history of the track there'll be free clubhouse and grand set of mission all season long.
And as always see this is another reason I hate being back here. I got to watch this idiot over there with a red in the face crawling and bouncing off the table in there just calm down.
There's nothing so fun when you get to be in your 80s you'll have upground stains in your pants too like mo. In fact based on the number of crap you take every day in about a week you're praying.
In fact when you see that contract don't you talk about old general yellow stain. There are two new wages this season complained the super super they ten thousand dollar bonus payout or.
Or try one of the two pick four wages at pompadopark is I'm going to start that crap again downstairs. They got another hour tonight is see escape night there'll be free prize drawings to win one of 10 trips for two on the see escape casino dinner cruise now or the second leg of the see escape pacing series also want a program that I pompadopark they 50 thousand dollar.
Steadians takes for two year old trotters tomorrow night the seventy thousand dollar sales takes for two year old paces and the second leg of the fall debut pacing series.
I see Kevin Wallace is back. How's it going? Kevin. This is the last week. Pompadopark will be open only two nights because starting next week when the October 16. Pompadopark will be open three nights a week for your Wednesday Friday and Saturday for your plunging pleasure and the sixth floor top of the park dining room starts up on Wednesday with it's great new menu.
You find dining and every night that we have library which will be Wednesday Friday and Saturday and of course I'm casting every day seven days a week and night starting in the
afternoon. Pompadopark where they're plunging like crazy don't forget post-time tonight and every night 7 15 p.m.
My life and love this is 42056. You way, you way.
Where are you be the 12 to 1 hour on WQA?
Hey man it's John Walker Lynn the American tall band. Let's just say without getting into
this specifics I'll be very happy when this year is finally over. I'm facing 20 years and prison. I'm coming to terms with the fact that I'm a traitor.
I'm even starting to deal with issues of abandonment with my parents but that's not the worst of it dude.
And they pick up the paper and they accuse me of there's no delicate way to say this.
Nuretland pack of steaming weenis. They say I was the lover of some business dude named Dizarra Hayat.
I will say this I'll remember this guy only slightly. I think I met him in Frisco while I was getting my high colonic.
You know you don't want a messy house when there's a chance of unexpected company.
But this whole thing is a real bellywack old brah. After reading the story an answering 4 to 500 phone calls with people asking me to give side clocks a back rub.
I finally realized this might be my father. Or maybe it was me. I sure saw couldn't do it now though.
I'm so freaking loaded with so much like compass is permanently pointing south.
I'm not ruling out the fact that I could be turned on by some man can. Like I'm not saying I wouldn't check this guy out in the shower.
But she got to remember us Taliban. We didn't take showers to you. I couldn't run from the stink and be fast enough.
So to surprise not quite sure the story's accurate not quite sure it's not.
It's 12.04 at 5.60 WQM. How do we get so far behind by the way rich factor I got a message for you. Jesus Christ.
Yeah, that's a message. How many times does he have to fax me the same thing until you read it.
I was going to read it and I'm going to read it. Although I will say this I appreciate it because I got this from several different people.
The problem being that each copy I had to clean the one he sent earlier didn't come out right for whatever reason.
Maybe the fax is like fixing itself. You think because I noticed the pages aren't pouring out of there anymore.
I think duck gave it that evil look. You know we gave it the evil eye. Yeah. Anyway.
And also rich factor quick pick it on poor Eric. He writes on here at the bottom and Neil tell breakfast.
Read oh boy that the title is the rest of the song not kiss an N blank this morning. Schmuck you can write nigger on air.
Okay. I mean what? No. I'm evidently he must have put something on the website that tells what songs are in here.
I don't know. He's all been out of shape because now being a celebrity since he wrote the liner notes on the back of the city rich factor.
Now he's getting very been out of shape with fat Erica when you leave his breakfast read oh alone. Okay. You idiot.
Everything Eric put on there. He got from Bokeh Brian. Right. So blame that the bald headed geek. Okay. You're always giving him grief. Anyway.
He's on a way in Bokeh Brian. He'll be here.
Well, he stops at the gas station.
Anyway, the article says the bottom line is I don't trust this present and his advisors.
Not every Democrat is cave to bushes. Marshall.
Ferver represented a Pete Stark makes it stunningly clear why he voted against the Iraq war resolution.
And this it's short.
Is the fiery statement delivered on the floor of the house the Wednesday by California veteran Democrat representative Pete Stark you both beat.
Let's hear it for Pete.
He says Mr. Speaker I rise in opposition to this resolution authorizing military force against Iraq.
I'm deeply troubled that lives may be lost without a meaningful attempt to bring a wreck into compliance with that with UN resolutions.
You're careful and cautious diplomacy.
The bottom line is I don't trust this president and his advisors make no mistake.
We're voting on a resolution that grants total authority to the president wants to invade a sovereign nation without any specific act of provocation.
This would authorize the United States to act as the aggressor for the first time in our history.
It sets a precedent for our nation or any nation who exercise brute force anywhere in the world without regard to international law or international consensus.
Congress must not walk in lockstep beyond a president who's been so callous to proceed without reservation as if war was of no real consequence.
You know, three years ago in December, Molly Ivens, an observer of Texas politics wrote for an upper class white boy bush comes on way too hard.
At a guest to make up for being an upper class white boy.
Somebody she said should be worrying about how this could affect his handling of future encounters with some Sodom Hussein.
How prophetic Ms. Hi, Ivens.
I think it's supposed to say what someone like, but again it's chopped off here at the edges.
Let us not forget that our president or commander-in-chief has no experience with the knowledge of war.
In fact, he admits that he was at best in Bivalin about the Vietnam War.
He's squirted his own military service and then failed to serve out his time in the National Guard.
And he reported years later that it's a height of a conflict in 1968.
He didn't notice any heavy stuff going on.
He didn't notice any heavy state.
I want to know why because maybe some of the heavy stuff was going up his nose.
So we have a president of things forward territories, the opponents dug out and Casimir is a sweater.
What is most unconscionable is that there's not a shred of evidence to justify the certain laws of life.
Do the generalized threats and half-truths of this administration give any one of us in Congress the confidence to tell a mother or father or family that the loss of their child or loved one was in the name of a just cause?
Is the president's need for revenge for the threat once posed to his father enough to justify the death of any American?
I submit the answer to these questions is no.
Aside from the wisdom of going to war as Bush wants, I'm troubled by who pays for his capricious adventure into world domination.
The administration admits to a cost of around $200 billion.
Now, while the individuals won't pay, they've got big tax cuts already.
Corporations won't pay, they'll cook the books and move overseas, and then send their contributions to Republicans.
Rich kids won't pay, their daddies will get them their firmances. Big George did for W.
Who then will pay? School kids will pay. There'll be no money to keep them from being left behind, way behind.
Seniors will pay, they'll pay big time as the Republicans, private, social security, and rob the trust fund to pay for the capricious war.
Medicare will be curtailed and drugs will be more unaffordable.
And there won't be any money for a drug benefit because Bush will spend it all on the war.
Working folks will pay through lots of job security and bargaining rights.
Our grandchildren will pay through the degradation of our air and water quality.
And the entire nation will pay as Bush continues to destroy civil rights, women's rights, and religious freedom in a rush to phony patriotism
according to the maceonic Pharisees of the religious right.
The questions before the members of the South and the Wall Americans are immense, but there are clear answers.
America is not currently confronted by a genuine proven imminent threat from Iraq. Their call for war is wrong.
And what greatly saddens me at this point in our history is my fear that this entire spectacle has not been planned for the well-being of the world,
but for the short-term political interest of our president.
Now I'm also greatly disturbed that many Democratic leaders have also put political calculation ahead of the president's accountability to truth and reason by supporting this resolution.
But I conclude that the only answer is to vote no on the resolution before us, said the Democratic representative Pete Stark on Wednesday.
Nice going, Peter. You go. That's so moving, correct.
Right on, sweetheart. Oh, yeah, but it's so boring here. Yeah.
No, it's better here in La Rada and all those other right-wing those goose stepping Nazis on the air. Much better here in them.
Suck it up and making crap up as they go along. God forbid that anybody should deal with the truth because just like Jack Nicholson said, something about the truth.
Something about the Tom Cruise and Matt Damon, Ben Affleck. Well, and this Ben Affleck Jailo thing. Is there anybody who believes that one? What did I tell you about her? Whatever. Yeah, you did. And what I tell you about him and Matt Damon, which I never believe that.
I sure would like to watch.
It's a.
Where is the comm so disorganized here, man? This is this place sucks. You don't really does. This is bad. And they're saying that the show the tone is better for Miami. You should live so long, folks. You better. You better learn your tones, mister, because you sure is held on.
Right.
10 past noon at 560. We all have different lifestyles. Therefore need different products to make us feel better and be healthier.
Oliomad Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with good stuff.
Vitamins are in their minerals, herbals and other nutrients scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs.
Look for Oliomad's three new formulas, which are sleep, weight management and coenzyme Q10 all using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil.
Oliomad's an outstanding new product. It's good for you. It's available at public and records and Walgreens. If you'd like more information, call them toll free 1-866 Oliomad.
That's 1-866-6536-3633. You can also order Oliomad products online at OliomadAmerica.com. And if you visit your nearest publics and purchase an Oliomad product in Broward and Dead Counties, you can receive a coupon for free Larry Coker Bobblehead Doll.
While supplies last, don't forget to visit their sampling provision at Sports Town every Sunday when the dolphins are playing a home game. Pick up free Oliomad samples and product information. Start feeling healthy again like isn't right now. Get some Oliomad and start feeling great today.
My and local this is 4205 City.
You're way too late.
Bang in the butt, honey.
Hey, gotta tell you soon, just what to make. How boy boosts and the telling.
Dorothy, and she also read the clock, and made chillin' socks, his rosemary.
Dorothy, and she also read the clock, and made chillin' socks, his rosemary.
Dorothy, and she also read the clock, and made chillin' socks, his rosemary.
Dorothy, and she also read the clock, and made chillin' socks, his rosemary.
Dorothy, and she also read the clock, and made chillin' socks, his rosemary.
Dorothy, and she also read the clock, and made chillin' socks, his rosemary.
Dorothy, and she also read the clock, and made chillin' socks, his rosemary.
Dorothy, and she also read the clock, and made chillin' socks, his rosemary.
He's got it, he's got his face, he pulled out of the race now he's done.
Life's so yummy and bright, maybe now he can buy a deli.
Cause the torch was his flame, beaten at his own game for a sell-eat.
They're all in there, and of course that way we want to make them a buy-em.
It's a 1215 at 560 WQM.
Volker Brian's here with a lovely hair piece, by the way, that thing is just incredible.
It's a piece of hair all right. It's a piece of something.
Yeah, in fact you know something, it's kind of the color of a piece of something.
Brindle, 359 votes on the survey so far about the tone of the world famous Neil Rogers shows we try to get this tone straight now, okay?
Oh, I know a tone they'd like.
Yeah, how's that tone?
Oh, that's a sandy-patin' tone.
It makes no difference where he's doing this.
See, the whole, I don't think the question was phrased properly.
You think?
Sure.
It makes no difference where he is 156.
The tone says we want the colors back, 147, still 41%.
I think about 100 of those are crank.
Best from Miami 30, best from Toronto 20, and best from Amsterdam 4.
I guess if I were to have more shows from Amsterdam, they would have had more votes, right?
No question.
Although I couldn't have been very good because I was breathing that awful air there and choking and gagging,
at least on two of those shows in between having a flu and being sick all the time.
What is that?
Is that a Pee-Dee-Lenny's hand in the blue?
How could you know that?
Who would other asshole would be doing something like that?
What other moron would be doing that instead of outselling the show since we have so many evils on this show?
What other schmuck would be a heavy stick?
Get him out of here!
Slend the door on his hand, okay?
Robbocus, stand on the door on his thing.
Schmuck.
You see, you know what the problem is?
I gave him a little bit of encouragement because the joke about the, about the scock-in-screw-ans-crops,
that was kind of amusing, you know?
That isn't quite the way he told it, but I, yeah.
I still think it, it's old, it is old, but it's kind of cute.
What about the smell?
He won't mind.
Yeah, what's wrong with that?
Okay, this is not even slightly amusing this thing.
And it's a Skippy-the-Claun.
What is this supposed to mean?
Skippy-the-Claun.
I know we got Skippy in the sale.
Is that what it's supposed to be?
I, I guess, what's the sign on his hand there?
Please help me.
I see.
And it looks to me like he's been getting plenty of ashes and probably from that little idiot Todd Dreck.
In fact, Todd's probably had him over with Steve Hamishhausen, Davy.
Maybe this weekend you can take Boca-Brion over to Steve's house in Davy.
Why do you want to do what he was?
Well, I'll pee the paedial tight.
In fact, you should when he opened the door there,
so you should give us an important stuff like Steve Hamish's phone number.
Now, how about this?
New Hampshire diocese will pay.
I already had this story on.
You folks got to listen a little more closely.
Okay, you're wasting our fax paper with stories I already had.
I appreciate it very, very much, not, but cut the crap.
And here's the fax for George.
See, I see the kind of stuff that goes on when I'm out here now,
because I think you're the one that's peeling these faxons off the machine.
George ain't in here, okay?
He's back in his little room there.
His room closet with Boca-Brion and his wig.
Which is starting to move around a little bit.
Now, is that the same old one that you just gave a haircut to?
Yes.
Oh, I thought the old one was like more blondish.
No, no, that's it.
Maybe kind of like give it a little...
Don't get an aesthetic tank to change the color a little bit.
That's it.
Oh, that's it.
That is you, man.
That is you.
Pick up your head a second.
Oh, is that...
It's Ted Couple.
It is sensational.
Ted Couple and how do you do it?
I'll wrap it into one ball of schmutz.
Anyway, this is from DJ Valentine.
Oh, good guy.
Says this website I get a majority of my info.
SuperheroHip.com.
What is this baby crap ball about?
Oh, it's about the pole that we did.
Oh, so there's a fax for it.
It'll be in a waist-pask if you want to take it out.
There's one for D-fo in there, too.
Well, here's a bad story.
This is depressing.
All of the guy was pretty old, you know?
A real estate lawyer with oral and bladder cancer died less than three months after winning a $37.5 million jewelry award against three major cigarette makers.
He was $77.
This is from Coral Gables, no less.
John Lukex, who would testify in June,
when he wouldn't likely live long enough to see any of the award, thought it was home Monday.
And here it is Friday and the AP just get around to this now.
The award came in a compensatory damage claim that grew out of $145 billion a punitive verdict covering all six Florida smokers two years ago.
These multi-billion dollar claims against the tobacco companies.
This is ludicrous.
And I'll say it again.
If only.
And then this shows you the kind of loony tunes country we live in every day.
You know, that article yesterday in or Wednesday in USA today about fat.
And then we had it again on the show yesterday.
More and more people were getting fatter by the second.
You can almost see us like expanding right before your eyes.
If they would only force the food manufacturers to put on a guy at the aim labels,
the dangers and the skull and crossbones on there and the sugar and all the hidden carbs and all the other crap
that we find carbohydrate garbage that's making everybody balloon up to like gigantic size.
Then there might be some credibility there, but they don't give a crap.
In addition to which last time I checked cigarettes aren't illegal.
They're not illegal.
So how can you sue somebody for a product that's been approved for commercial sale and then say,
well, you're killed us and you didn't give us enough information.
If you're that stupid that you can't read the warning on it says,
if you smoke this packet, you're going to die.
If that isn't enough for you, then what can I tell you?
I have no sympathy for those people.
It's like people that eat like tubs and tubs of Nestle's turtle ice cream, you know.
Taste good.
Taste the laughter and then damn stinky packets that people are smoking.
Oh, I will say this is a guard.
Considering how old this is, you know, that's been in there.
Been in there for a couple of years because we haven't had any news to girls.
We don't have any cigar responses on this show anymore and I won't take any.
Not that we're going to get any but I wouldn't take any because smoking anything is bad for you other than that wicked weed.
Now we will have Steve M. do in some spots starting next week.
I think Todd created it out and you know what they say about Todd stupid.
5 6 7 let's take some more calls this hour.
Okay, we had a couple of calls in there.
I really got this show going all over before we do that.
I got a premium.
How did I save this to this far down?
Radio sit to get a major tune up.
Are you familiar with this?
No.
Well, this is you better listen very carefully and you have something put in your new contract about this which you're not going to get.
I mean, you'll get someday maybe federal regulators gave the go ahead yesterday for digital radio.
Oh, I did hear about that.
Sorry.
A proving applied to modernize the medium with better sound and new features for personalized programming.
The FCC voted for to zip to adopt digital radio technology created by iBiquity digital radio technology.
Digital corporation.
Is that how they pronounce it?
Because it's got like a little I you know like I vote tronic and I I Biquity digital corporate company back by large broadcasters including ABC and Viacom.
Grave robbers CBS news.com is part of I come and this of course is on their website.
The commissioners enthusiasm by the way that I mentioned escape sucks all you people out there and escape blows Internet Explorer is the way to go right right on what's
what's what's skate what's skate walks sucks.
It says we don't get many items where it's a win win for everyone.
There's no downside commissioner Kathleen Abernathy be saying radio has changed little for decades.
Oh, that's what you think radio has changed little for decades thanks to this very same FCC.
It's become a sewer like a septic tank FCC chairman Michael Paul said he's heartened that such a dramatically forward technologies in store before I continue with this which is very important for people since they're listening to radio right now.
I'm assuming or listening on the Internet but same difference.
So what did the beast tell you while he was in there eating his lunch about what now come on don't I don't play he must have told you something some juicy stuff.
I like to ambush would say some juicy details in quotes.
No, he didn't say anything about that issue.
No, no. Well, you're not a very good detective then man. We were eaten. He was eaten.
That's why you'll never be real fat saying never be a fat person because fat people just like me I can do the show I can eat I can like tell gossip by all the different things at the same time and keep all drive the car take a dump.
I mean anything you name it.
I've never have done that but I'm sure that I know fat people out of one room and say name.
You can just see them and they were the bucket of chicken you know.
Not between their knees with the TV tray.
Yeah, no, just a bucket in between their knees you have to kind of like spread your likes anyway when you're taking a good job.
I can see them in there and the Colonel is smiling back at him. He's holding his nose though.
He's got a he's got a clothespin on his nose the old Colonel.
And he said, oh, it's finger looking good.
Oh man, you can't you can't envision fat boy in there with a couple of big max.
I can see right now turkey leg turkey leg would be good.
I can't envision it right now.
Anyway, I'm thrilled and excited to see radio wagon train finally get to the other side Michael Paul said of course the son of what's his name there colon Adam Clayton my was name it.
The approval allows radio stations to immediately begin broadcasting digital signals that will probably take a few months for the first
A stations to start and you can believe that across money we're not going to be one of them.
Digital radio could be the biggest update to the medium since the debut of FM in the 40 said Ken Mueller radio curator at the
Museum of TV and radio in New York.
Mueller said that like FM which didn't become popular until the 70s it's going to take quite some time to phase in.
It's going to take a long time here because the beesleaves will have to raise the money.
We're not talking and they'll have to sell a banjo is first we're not talking 30 years here.
He said we have to wait till people start getting receivers to pick this up.
Manufacturers plan to sell digital receivers for car stereo and high-end audio systems starting next year adding about a hundred bucks to the price of a traditional unit.
It's unfair how soon digital technology may include important radios the I've equity technology laws broadcasters to use their existing airway sending digital analog radio simultaneously since stations won't need a new place in the radio band.
There's no cutoff date for analog service listeners without digital radio won't have their favorite stations go silent.
If you had a black and white TV in your local stations that are broadcasting in color your black and white TV still worked.
So the president of a equity Robert Struble but if you wanted their high quality new picture got to go by color TV it's the same with digital radio.
And basically what it says is new technology bring CD quality sound FM broadcast and end the static for a and new data features.
How do you like that? Like it'll have the age when you're listening in the morning show and have like a 73 on a screen that was a draw.
Of course I don't know if this stuff's going to be available with most will be here by that time.
Couple of months.
No no no.
Duff did come in here write the book. I like that.
The 21st was I write did I have the right to nailed it.
Monday the 21st which today I'll see it's a week from Monday will be the summer book.
Oh hallelujah that I'm going to make a big project of that boy.
Think worth whim in fact that's probably what Greg is dragging a seat on your contract about.
He wants to see what kind of a number you had.
You know what I'm saying?
See better hope that I bailed your ass out in September.
But I hope we had a big September to bathe your little aguava eaten a spiky ass.
Because otherwise we got real tourists and of course that morning show of that thing continues to the tank.
I think somebody might say to more hate tanks but no tanks.
See you.
See at Olindo Marrae's house.
If he says that again this weekend I'm going to I may take a couple weeks off as a matter of protest.
See all those guinea grinders out there they're all been out of shape about that silly thing with a soprano's march in that parade.
They ought to be upset that here's a guy supposed to know something about football and he's calling him Olindo Marrae.
You better learn your Italian mister because you sure don't.
Right.
Olindo Marrae my ass.
And by the way Hank said he knows Olindo's sister or something like that and it's Marrae.
Everybody knows that.
Volka Brian's going to be doing Volare.
We're going to have that song in here in a couple of days.
You got it?
He's working on it.
Volare.
With the Dominican Maduño.
I'm sorry, Dominican Maduño.
1227 at 560 WQM.
Is there anybody in the world who hasn't plunged in their guts at VIPsportsbook.com?
How about Gary Sarner?
He's an asshole.
Let me tell you you're missing out on a really fine sportsbook if that's the case.
They're really fine.
You're a lot of ads these days but you need to do some research before you put your harder and cash down.
It's some unstable third world sportsbooks.
They're like in highly a garden, some awful place like that.
Let me help you out.
VIPsportsbook.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdogs.
They're ducks based on one of the first online sportsbooks ever come down the pike.
And of course if that day comes when you go on a roll over a lifetime, at that time you want to be with the best sportsbook going,
which of course unquestionably is VIPsportsbook.com.
And with the football season going big and now hockey starting again,
you want to plunge at VIPsportsbook.com, open your account online and get yourself that 15% can.
And don't forget VIPsportsbook.com offers you the highest parliads.
You'll find anywhere up to 2001.
So get over to VIPsportsbook.com and plunge at a book with class that you can trust.
Call tool free to sign up 1-866 VIP bets.
That's 1-866 VIP bets or sign up online and get you that 15% cash bonus.
Just go to VIPsportsbook.com online and click it on VIPsportsbook.com where you be the VIP.
5-866 VIPsportsbook.com
This is 5-666.
The radio's on your phone.
2-866.
The butt-ass smell it.
The butt-ass smell it.
The butt-ass smell it.
The butt-ass smell it.
The butt-ass smell it.
The butt-ass smell it.
The butt-ass smell it.
The butt-ass smell it.
The butt-ass smell it.
The butt-ass smell it.
The butt-ass smell it.
The butt-ass smell it.
The butt-ass smell it.
The butt-ass smell it.
The butt-ass smell it.
The butt-ass smell it.
The butt-ass smell it.
The butt-ass smell it.
The butt-ass smell it.
The butt-ass smell it.
The butt-ass smell it.
The butt-ass smell it.
What if the butt-ass smell it.
Or, when the voltar falls on your pants dead.
Or, when the voltar falls on your pants dead.
But I might argue for that another time I don't remember.
You can choose the score number of thisир and lev it.
Why do you train money?
He's not dead without the monkey.
Oh, is there one with the monkey?
Oh, yeah. I like the monkey one better.
Maybe we'll take a poll on that.
We'll see what you like about it.
Where do we go?
Where do we go?
Where do we go?
It smelled like a skunk. That's what Roy said.
27 to 1 at 5.60 WQAM.
385 votes on that poll today.
Maybe they say to the tone, they like the tone right now.
We like the way that tone sounds right.
Right about there. Wow. Do you hear that?
That thing was piercing.
Crank it up a couple of notches.
Okay. Now, see, I said we were to take some more calls
and they were out of any calls.
Did I just say that a minute ago?
I said, let's take some more calls this hour.
We got 40% even. Even 40% want calls.
The tone sucks. We want to call this back.
Where are they? Can't take no calls if they don't have any.
5.607 05.60.
05.60 on the AT&T and Verizon.
How about those panthers?
Oh!
Yeah, let's do that guy favor to do some panther talk.
I won't be knocking on the L president today so much.
By the way, when cigarettes become harder to buy,
more miners steal them.
I just thought I mentioned that.
Gee, what a shock.
Yeah, and that's surprising.
Come into QAM.
How you doing?
Okay, great.
Hey, please stop all the reading.
Oh my god, I've been listening for 20 years.
Sometimes it gets a little ponderous.
A little bit.
Oh, how about you know, day old news and you're reading it?
I mean, I'm not slamming yet. I love you.
Yeah.
And I'm still here.
But you got to mix it up a little bit.
A little bit more.
Well, that's what I'm doing today. I'm mixing it up.
Okay, just get a pet called as a mean.
We're all fuck out of here, you know.
We still listen. I still love your show.
I don't agree with your politics all the time.
I put up with all the left wing leanings
and the bashing of the right.
Well, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
You put up with the left wing.
I don't understand what that means.
In other words, I'm...
Yeah, no.
The show's very political now, don't you think?
Yeah, well, that's because there's a lot of heavy-duty crap going on.
That's wrong.
Yeah, and your eyes.
But you know, the listeners are...
Well, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
So in other words, the fact that we're about to attack your rack,
the fact that we have all this economic turmoil going on,
and people losing their life savings,
in other words, it's only in my eyes that there's heavy-duty crap going on.
Maybe I invented it.
Neil, 13 years ago you were behind the golf war.
And I used to listen to you now.
That was behind the golf war because they invaded another country.
They invaded Kuwait.
What the hell has that got to...
In other words, so the fact that we were against them,
invading another country, now we should support this country invading them.
Is that the idea?
So in my eyes, they invaded us on September 11th.
And a change in the whole world.
Wait a minute.
What evidence have you got that rack had anything to show you?
And you're just another one that pushed quizzlings.
And another good one.
I'm glad I took those two calls there.
What a job they've done.
Yeah.
No, it's not a quit no.
You don't understand.
They didn't have to do any job.
In other words, lead us to the water and we'll suck it up.
Even if we know there's arsonic in it,
because we want to believe whatever you tell us.
There is absolutely no evidence.
15 of the 19 goddamn hijackers on 9-11 came from Saudi Arabia.
Our good allies.
Our good close personal buddies would have been...
Bad schmottis on their heads.
Man, oh man.
There wasn't one single Iraqi involved in that attack.
There was no Iraqi attack.
The bomb isn't that kind of Muslim.
In fact, if you're really...
It's a little bit too complex for you, sir.
Just take a look in the pictures.
Pictures should be easy for you to figure out.
Look at the picture of Sauna with little mustache.
There's no beard.
Not that kind of head year, okay?
That's all you have to see.
No beard, no schmottis head year.
And then he's not one of them.
He knows anything to do with them.
They would love to kill him.
And they would also love for us to win there and start this hysteria
to get all their fanatical Muslims all over the world,
whipped up into a frenzy.
This will be the culmination of just exactly what Osama Yamama
hoped to start with 9-11.
That's exactly what he wanted.
And assholes like you are saying,
oh yeah, well this is revenge for...
See, this is what they're playing on.
This is what the fascist stuff they are playing on is your emotion.
And that's why this last September 11th,
the one year anniversary boy, they played it up to the hilt.
Played it to the hilt.
And here's Karl Roef says,
well, you don't try to sell a new product in August.
What a great line that was.
What a rare moment of honesty.
Slip right out.
Don't try to sell a new product.
So in other words, it's a 9-11 though in September when, you know,
the dog days of summer over and everybody's back to business.
That's when you start pushing heavy duty and brainwashing the masses out there
because the masses most of them are just like this guy.
See, the people that don't want me to read this stuff are the people
and he puts up with my left wing leanings.
I love that.
I'm not anymore left wing now that it was 10 years ago, 20 years ago,
whatever you're talking about.
It's just that I don't have, I don't feel that I'm doing anything kind of
of any kind of productive sitting here talking to a bunch of bulls-os every day.
So, oh, Joey's a douchebag.
There's nothing interesting about that.
It's not productive.
It's not interesting. It's not amusing.
It's not a radio show, okay?
Now, Guarantea, every day at one o'clock in Toronto when he ended that show came
when I was up there.
I felt like I had just accomplished something worthwhile.
And yeah, it's ponderous reading.
I understand it.
But I'm sorry. I'm not that kind of, first of all, there aren't that many hours in the day.
I don't have this vast staff.
I wonder my friend Lynn Samuel's, I don't know what kind of people she's got working,
but they got to be the best because her website is sensational.
It's all her, Brian says.
Is it really?
She's phenomenal.
She must not sleep.
She must spend every waking moment looking for the most incredible stories
and she puts the links to them right there.
I probably get more stuff off her website than anything else.
Stuff that people need to know.
But I'm just, I don't have the time and the day to do the research to be able to pour through all of this stuff
and then to be able to articulate and go into a rambling commentary on each story.
This is why I'm reading an edition of which most of the people whose columns I'm reading
like Nick Christoff and all these other people are and Molly Ivans are a hell of a lot more articulate
and bring it to the delivery.
Where are they going to hear that on the broadcast media?
They're not.
And they're not going to read any of this business about day old news.
Where the hell are we getting day old news?
What's day old?
What is this man talking about?
He's just making crap up like that.
They attack the sun.
Because he doesn't want to hear it.
Okay. I'm telling you right now sir.
In fact, it's the noon to one hour.
This is the hour when all good right wingers like you are supposed to be listening to that deaf fat ass over there
on nine or whatever he's on six, ten, or that real lunatic that self-aggrandizing puts
who hasn't got a, I don't think he even spelled his name right because he's just a master of misinformation
and he got his little pop his little ass below Riley.
But there you got all the right wingers you could want.
They're all over the place.
They're supposedly liberal media that we got.
All that anybody has got to do is say anything and disagreement with this fascist regime we got in power now
who stole a freaking election right here in your backyards by the way.
That wasn't good enough to convince you.
God forbid anybody should end and like that one guy said, oh I couldn't relate to the people who voted for Gore.
Well good, I'll see you in church, okay.
I'll see you at Armageddon time.
And believe me, I'm not buying your crap, okay.
It'll probably won't be Jesus either, it'll be Kat Stevens dressed up as Jesus.
You're not fooling me.
Oh yeah, I have way to hold on.
He's, he's into buying whatever new piece of crap is popular at the moment.
Jesus.
Kat Stevens and Jesus.
He's even big on those Chinese.
He said the dog is in the kettle.
That's his new song coming up.
Twenty till one and there is it the skunkers in the kettle.
That's it's Grant's house.
Oh man.
That was PD Lenny who said that, screw it.
Not me, I'm not the one said.
PD Lenny said that.
He said something really stinks.
Something what's that line in the song?
Something aid right here, something some in the screw hands.
Well we'll play it.
We'll find out.
By the way, speaking of the Chinese, folks are good personal friends.
How about the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet?
There are no dogs on the menu there.
I'll tell you.
Richard wouldn't put up with that.
There is maybe some dogs in there eating.
In fact, some of those big porkers who always show up at all of the face.
They're there and the reason that they're there is because they know the food is sensational.
At the Emerald Coast, whether you're skinny, whether you're already a big tub of crap,
or whether you're just in between.
All you have to do to eat the Emerald Coast is be hungry for some delicious food.
They got a real feast waiting for you.
They got three locations sunrise north Miami Beach and the newest location in prestigious Pemberg Pines.
Dirt your meal with a choice of six different soups.
Then sample dozens and dozens of succulent entrees,
Oriental surf and turf on the weekend with lasking king crab and New York strip made order.
Then of course be sure and check out that gourmet center,
assizzling Asian grill featuring teriyaki steak, shrimp, chicken, seafood, and hand-carb pram rib.
It is unbelievable.
The Emerald Coast buffet promotes healthy living too because they cook all of their fine cuisine
with cholesterol-free oils.
And there's no crap there.
There's no MSG.
There's no...
I just told you the joke.
About what?
About the skunk.
And there were faith features of full salad bar, new sushi bar and fresh shrimp cocktail too.
One requirement, try to save some room for desserts or take a longer crowbar to open up your pants
because the dessert bar is amazing featuring pies and cakes pastries.
I stream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit.
It's a perfect end to an unforgettable meal.
Three locations like I said, you'll find an Emerald Coast in sunrise, pine island of 44th,
Collins Avenue just north of 163rd, North Miami Beach,
and at the intersection of flamingo and Pemberg Croats in Pemberg Pines.
They accept reservations, take out and live re-available as well.
Call 9-5-4-572-38-22.
We even have the number right now.
Nice going, Air Skippy.
9-5-4-572-38-22.
For more info on the amazing Emerald Coast and look for the new Oriental Chicken Salad too.
We're sports radio 5-6-0.
U-A-M.
Friday you bastard.
You think like man, like someone's all right.
Roy.
A big black male, especially this exact between your eyes.
Screw on.
You don't be blackmailing a charity's role.
You'll then know the power of thought anybody
We've been childhood fulsing small.
Nothing fails right.
What grows up your ass is dying.
You get to walk at night.
You know your veins fade.
Something don't spell right.
Oh!
Screw it.
You beat a bitch up bang tonight.
I smack your head and bruise up your mind
in the way you lie.
Screw it.
You get my bone so long and strong.
You've carried your butt in to okay it.
No hair if it's wrong.
You've got it you lie.
You just beat my side.
It kind of bitch we lie.
You go have it you will die.
You rather take with no chase you die.
14-1-5-60.
I was wondering what the white strut was down her right leg.
Screw in.
Here's the fact that says don't listen to that guy.
You show rocks with no colors.
All the articles are interesting and informative.
It's nice to hear articles from other newspapers and such.
Thanks and keep it up love.
Ajah.
How do you like that?
Amen.
Why are somebody out there as a happy campus?
See I don't take any of this very seriously because you know anything that is good is
town or like in the first place you know.
And if it sucks it's just like Pavel Burry in the Panthers.
Oh we didn't need him he had a bad attitude.
You're right.
Right.
And then we got people writing crap in the newspapers.
They wouldn't know a hockey puck if you stuck a dozen of them up their ass like Dave Heiden,
Dave Joseph.
Who the hell are you guys kidding man?
I read better stuff in the toilet paper from Germany.
I was reading about the other day.
Remember that?
I read better stuff on there and had better brought worst.
Who are you guys kidding man?
Strickly the bushes.
That's the amazing thing boy.
You go and you live somewhere else for a few months and you come back here and you realize
bush leagans is an it's to use that term in regard to this town is like an insult to all bush leag
places.
Just incredible religious big brother contestants will sacrifice goat and fast for a week.
Housemates in a religious version of big brother in Holland will set aside tasks such
as sacrificing a goat and fasting for a week.
The program provisionally titled the Ambi will bring 12 people of different religions together
in an old Abbey for 13 weeks.
And by the way before I go on with this story that guy and the other one before also the
reason he's not listening to a lot of us and not listening to Bill O'Reilly and not
listening to G Gordon Litty is because of the fact he couldn't turn his show off if you paid him.
He's obsessed with this program and if you think that give me a by sucking up to me.
Whoa listen to you for years and I really like your butt butt butt butt too bad.
I'm not saying what you want me to say I'm saying they pay me to say what I want to say what I think.
Not what you think.
That's another reason why the callers suck okay.
Producers told Demorgon the program is intended to highlight the need for more demotion I'm sorry.
For more dialogue between different religions and they hope it will also encourage people to be more spiritual and seek a deeper meaning to their lives.
Touch station NCRV hopes it will be screened next year.
There will be a weekly program showing highlights from the Abbey plus brief daily updates.
A spokesman said the participants will not be filmed for 24 hours a day.
They'll get some privacy but they'll have to perform some tasks as the ritual killing of a goat and fasting for a week.
For a week.
Wooo!
Man.
Of course you know in Holland that's easy because the food's so bad anyway.
So I've heard.
Oh and by the way.
I'm coming back on aircanned to be a bit of an evidently in the magazine they got you know the early airlines have their crappy magazines.
They're doing a series of comparisons between each issue two cities to major cities around the world and this one was Montreal against Amsterdam.
And so far all the cities they've rated Paris Paris was number one which show and then Amsterdam was just behind New York was way behind that and then that Montreal was way way behind.
But the one thing I wasn't aware of is the fact are you aware that the French fries are double deep fried.
Where?
In Holland.
The ones that they all rave about they're done.
Oh that's the biggest thing going over there. That's because the rest of the food sucks so bad.
But they're double deep fried.
So cafes.
And I tell you about the thing that Rimmer got that day of fries on the dam rack.
It was enough to feed the Chinese army and I think he finished it.
Oh man.
And you can pull whatever you like on that.
I got a whole bunch of different toppings that you can put on there.
They got like the brown sauce and the mayonnaise and the different stuff.
Curry.
Kid Curry.
Saw Kid Curry before by the way he's glad to have me back.
I guess because he'd like the cigar smoke.
And that's right.
A couple of minutes about that by the way.
A bigger friend.
A couple people mentioned it.
Said one said what a wonderful aroma they walk past the door.
Well here's another one for you.
It's a good thing they didn't come in here right now because you know I had that little bit of a that almost this morning it was very good from balance for life that mushroom mom left.
But all those egg farts man.
I he thought I was joking.
I told him before and he was in here you better get out of here quickly because I just fart real bad and since you left believe me there have been more on the way.
Just deposited right in this seat of my head flipped his wig from that using as a face mask.
You know something that's right if we ever have a chemical or biological attack.
The book of Brian will be safe if he's walking around with that piece.
It doubles the face mask.
Nothing.
Nothing gets you that baby.
I'll tell you that.
Woo.
405 votes on our pool the tone of Neil show is it makes no difference to me where he be doing a show.
173 said that 43%.
The tone sucks.
We want the colors back 162 40%.
It's best for Miami 40 best from Toronto 22 and best from Amish that on six with those double deep pride fried.
This is one of the three of my city.
You way up.
Why the hell you bastard?
Oh that has really please go away.
Find a new way to attack up a big old home and eat your whole homes.
Until you explode.
Just like your fat fat churned in ladies have to bite your seats on a plane.
He's failing your fingers that have yellow stain from sea toes.
Pancy your toes.
Pass your piggy poo nose.
Grounds to be fat disgusting and tasty.
Oi.
Oi.
You make the show.
It makes my.
They like a cow.
Spand and sassy.
Think smelly, fat, so repulsive and mild.
Your body cheese smells like a wrapper.
After it was occupied by head, pass learning to chew on to get into your car.
Cussure to that M.Y.
Oink and squeal, oink and squeal, oink and squeal, fat lady.
Diving with your lover less mean.
Slavering and starting the tree between her knees.
That's potato yeast.
It smells fishy to me.
That is a matured and tasty.
Now what did you just tell me?
I wasn't following that and I was trying to go fast because the bit was ending.
Who was doing this?
Howard.
Mo?
Yeah.
Chris, he said shut the F up during a dolphin banquet or something like that.
Whatever it was, the Playboy party.
Well, that's very unprofessional of you.
Almost as unprofessional as that little fat third that ball or crap, the beast.
Don't ever let him on the egg roll.
Whatever your name is.
What was it, Feltzer?
Something like that.
Here's an article that we have time.
I hope Frank Serrbino in the Palm Beach Post, I can barely understand nudity laws.
He says, I'm a student of nudity laws which never fail to be entertaining in vocabulary building.
We've been lucky in Palm Beach County to be treated to some gems.
The town of Palm Beach fought in vain for 70 years to keep an ordinance that priveted men from jogging topless.
And a legal case over at Topless Donuts Shop in West Palm Beach, remember that?
Live this something groundbreaking discussions of the donut as entertainment.
Nudity laws are wonderfully verbose.
You might even say discernibly turgid with words.
Palm Beach County's ordinance defines the limits of breast exposure and a sentence that carries on for a dizzying 79 words.
But I got a hand at the Daytona Beach which is just past a city nudity ordinance that says, fractional standards.
Daytona's law will require women to cover at least one quarter of their breasts and everyone to cover at least one third of their rear ends while in public.
Daytona frequent destination for bikers, college kids and other hellraisers will begin finding public flashes as much as 500 bucks to logos into a fact next week, just in time for the rowdy, bite tober fest.
This will obviously put a damper on the annual biker tradition of nude wrestling and Nevada coals law.
When nude coals law wrestling is outlawed, only outlaws will wrestle nude and coals law.
They turn a new journal comments Mark Lane told me, lamenting the turn of events in his city.
But I was more intrigued by the fractional definitions of nudity.
You see, the only certain thing about nudity laws is the creative ways people find a circumvent them.
For example, when Seminole County passed an anti-nudity club three years ago, a local strip club got surrounded by performing Shakespeare's Macbeth in the nude,
thereby using a first amendment exemption for nudity that occurs about performing a work of art.
So I began wondering how these nude fractions in Daytona might play out.
Let's say you cover half a one breast, a quarter more than required.
Does this mean you get to leave the other one bare?
In other words, will nudity be transferable like unused cell phone minutes can be under some calling plans?
I got a copy of the ordinance which was specific to the point of being undissavable.
Botox means the area at the rear of the body which lies between two imaginary lines running parallel to the ground when a person is standing.
We're just getting started.
The first or top such line drawn at the top of the cleavage of the Nates and the second or bottom line drawn at the lowest visible point of this cleavage or lowest point of the curvature of the Fleshy protuberance,
whichever is lower in between two imaginary lines on each side of the body which lines are perpendicular to the ground and the horizontal lines described above them which perpendicular lines are drawn through the point at which each Nate meets the other side of the leg.
That's the end literally.
Now as long as you can figure that out how to cover a third of that you'll be finding Daytona.
In the days Palm Beach Post.
Mad dogs coming along next fully clothed thank goodness and then we got Hank and Eddie Kaye.
Thank God covered up Amply at called to the saffron on three o'clock and then we got all that football crap coming up.
Bye bye bye!
I'm Faising a new QA and Miami for my day.
It just felt like a prick.
