Hi, it's Peewee Herman. Take it from me. They don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
Don't look. Oh, Jeff, is that you in there? Yeah, I am Pauly. I'm making.
That's your Greg? Yeah, Jeffer is always in the finest of men's wear. I hope you don't mind to
fight Barrow the adjacent star. What are you doing in the staff's turtle? Oh, I was in the area.
No time to waste, you know. So, what's new, high boy? I'm fat. Yes, yes. Are we really up for sale, Greg?
What's a say? How about them, Dalphin? I guess it's true what they say. And what's that? Your
do-do-do doesn't speak. Why, of course. Always of the likeful aromatic bouquet with the freshness of morning dew.
Each drop sliced with cigar cutter perfection to the shape of a Hershey's kiss.
Yeah. Yeah. You know, in that moment, this is doing a wonderful job.
I hope you think that forced Brooklyn ease makes them sound so so knowledgeable.
Wouldn't you say? Well, gotta go. Bye.
Bye. 903 at 560 WQM. That brings back those awful memories. I never got to see it. They splatter around the wall. Remember that?
Oh, in the tea room. You lucked out. Oh, brother. I don't think I'd have ever recovered from that. Look at that. The sun is shining.
Okay. Look at that. There's a little bit of sunshine, a little bit of blue sky. All weekend long. I'm talking to people there, including this morning.
Oh, it was so cold here this weekend. What a bunch of pussy's, man. What's wrong with you guys?
I didn't say it was cold. Don't we have any real people down there like any real men? He meant like me?
Yeah, the head you didn't. You said it was a real chilly. It was a cool. Everybody I talked to. Boy, cheer was freezing here this weekend.
Saying like it was a good thing. Yeah. 30 degrees when the high the high Saturday here was 30. The high yesterday was 30 speaking to Jeff.
And we got about three, four inches of snow on the ground. Let's hear it. How right? So long with that. Don't bother me.
Long you don't have to shovel it. You don't have to drive in it or be shoveling it.
1218 votes. Pretty lame response on a pool over the weekend. I thought I was pretty lame. Don't you?
To be expected. Yeah. And you want to know why? Because we didn't have enough negatives in there. I forgot where I was talking to.
When you forget about soft floor to see that's what happens when you out of touch. That's what Tom Jikker says.
Tom Jikker's got a nice puff piece about why 100 today. Absolutely nothing.
Tom, you're a loser baby. Let's face it. You're so out of touch. It doesn't make any difference. What's going on around you? Totally oblivious.
But that's all right because we sure want any wouldn't want any more free publicity for us would we? That would be bad. Now we're not going to do that after I ripped it. That little bald head bastard.
And your buddy Kevin bastard over there at the heralders another one for you oblivious in a dream world in a vacuum.
From 118 votes we asked over the past month which of these things about Neil showed you enjoy the most.
See they don't like something like positive like that. That's a don't give him too many chances to say something really hostile.
The phone calls are back. This is the shocker to me especially after Friday that last hour. And by the way Eddie, Steve and whatever your name is. What's his name Steve want?
McGowan Steve it is Steve and maybe he's the drug guy. Maybe for all we know. Now.
You know what I'm going to say. But I'm going to say that.
Well just the way it is I got a lot of stuff here today. Not more periodicals on audio. Yeah.
None of the above I liked it better before 241 19.7% well that 20% of the audience may be a little bit more pleased today. It just so happens all the new tabloids came out yesterday.
I got stuff about OJ buying titties for his girlfriend. That's what the globe says anyway OJ by $7,000 boobs to make lover look like Nicole and we got just all kinds of good stuff.
Wednesday comedy bit noon to one hour 197 16.1% like that the best.
Less reading 148 more filling and less reading 12% 148 and the tone is better 144 11.7% proving that we could put any selection on any pool any day.
It'll get a whole bunch of votes. Does anybody know what that means the tone is better. No, I like this tone. Yeah. I like this tone myself.
But anyway, the tone is better. What does that mean? Can anybody tell us of course now they like your complexion and oh speaking of what they like and what they don't like. Let me say this with all due respect to my close personal buddy Mo.
I thought about it for at least six seconds over the weekend. Our line before I told you four seconds. I thought about it for about six seconds over the weekend about might be in sloppy and a slab and this and I wear the same stuff on and you know what?
Maybe not be the same stuff but it always pretty much the same and that's me. See I'm a slab and I'm not going to come in there when I come back. I'm not going to end there dressed up in a zoo suit. It's a radio show.
If I want to come in there in a burlap sack. Does the audience know it? Of course not. Yeah, guarantee you when you walked on the street. People don't point and snicker.
See, see there you go again. There you go again. Just like water. Just like Reagan said a water mondail.
Look what happened to water mondail. Who exactly? There you go again. Starting in again. Yeah, they say they say it all depends if it's in the summertime.
I like right now when you were in a heavy leather coat or a jacket whatever because it's colder than crap out there. Nobody sees what you're wearing underneath. You just somebody with a person.
I got to tell you there's some crazy people here too. Saturday it's 30 degrees out there. It's like an inch and a half a snow already on the ground. The snow is continuing to come out at a pretty good rate.
And there's people walking outside here with sweaters on. Do you follow what I'm saying? Right. I'm not talking about like a heavy sweater. I'm just like a sweater. You know? Yeah. Yeah. See it.
And I'm thinking what is wrong with you people? I mean, I know you're a little bit unless it gets like 20 below or something Fahrenheit. These people are bizarre. So anyway, I'm just going to be the slab that I am. I'm not going to put on any ears for anybody. And I'm not going to like go out and get a whole new wardrobe, but especially for inside the building. I'm a slab. That's me. Okay. So my and my pants aren't wrinkled. No shirts. Maybe they are a little bit. That's because my maid is a crappy job. Okay. Oh, sorry, Genie. Hey, you bought a bunch of new shirts a few years ago.
Yeah. And that's that's the next point. Okay. Since I took so much crap about it, especially from George and others. The way I the way I dress now, which may not be all that great compared the way it used to be with those. Yeah, with those falling off juke pants. I'm a fashion plate compared the way I used to be.
So if I was like Moe would have been there in those days, he'd say boy, this guy sure is butch stuff a little bit. At least the way he dresses anyhow. Follow what I'm saying. That's.
Now remember what we did on Friday. I said the first call of the day determines the tone for the day. Huh? It's the pace call. Here's our pace call today from Miami. Hello. Yeah. I think the reason why I was able to those boots were there.
So she looked just like Nicole where he could kill. I love it. I see that was good. I like the tone of that. That was magnificent.
That was great. Now you see if we can get a lot of calls like that, I'd never read anything on here again. We just take calls all day. Unfortunately, the overwhelming majority in spite of the response in this pool here. I don't want to pee on your parade folks, but the response on a pool was a disheartening at best. Okay.
A year old pornography investigation is led to the filing of criminal charges against two Hollywood actors Paul Rubens, best known as P. We Herman, sports court and veteran actor character actor Jeffrey Jones of Ferris Bueller's Day off. We had the Jeffrey Jones part on Friday.
Rubens was charged with one misdemeanor kind of possessing materials depicting children under the age of 18 engage in sexual conduct said. Anna Garcia, she spoke with the city attorney's office. He's surrendered to authority. Friday was released on $20,000 bail.
Jones who played the up had principal and comic foil to Matthew Broderick in Ferris Bueller's Day off, was charged with having a 14 year old boy, not a good idea, Jeffrey. A 14 year old boy to pose for sexually explicit photos, a felony, as well as Mr. Meener possession of child porn. He was freed on $20,000 bond after surrendering Thursday. Rubens 50 and Jones 56 are acquaintances and both cases stem from the same police investigation said LA County D a spokeswoman Sandy Gibbons.
Rubens could face as much as he or she and $2,500 fine of convicted. If Jones be convicted, he faces up to three years in prison and would have to register as a sex offender for a life.
Hiring a 14 year old boy to pose for sexually explicit photos, like I said, probably not a real good idea. Then we got this story here, which is enough to make me want to blow my brains out or blow something.
The reason I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not
I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman, I'm not a woman
I vote for Bush, I vote for Gore, I leave the country, I wouldn't vote or I'd blow my brains out, I think five excellent choices If the 2004 presidential election pits President Bush against Al Gore, I vote for Bush, I vote for Gore, I leave the country, I wouldn't vote or I'd blow my brains out That'll be on there momentarily
From it it's after 9 at 560 WQN, the mad dog at 1 we got the booster for Hank who's on his way back from Frisco, a Boogshambia 3, 630 got the Huracune hotline, 830 got the big one
Because we couldn't find anybody else, any K from GA 10 and Joe Markerback overnight 2 to 6 in the AM
You know there's never been a better time to purchase a new home or refinance your existing home then right now, hey yes
How about this low rate 3.95% that's right financial group could offer you and unprecedented 3.95% but you got a call then to get all the info on how this works
Call financial group toll free 1-800-940-L-E-N-D that's 1-8-1-800-94053, the money you're going to save is absolutely
Think about it you can get yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan for only 450 bucks a month or a 200 thousand dollar loan for only
950 bucks a month the process is simple you'll save thousands and thousands and a lot of money every year
So call our good buddies at financial group at 1-800-940-L-E-N there's never been a better or a smarter time to get you a low interest rate than right now
Call financial group and you'll be on your way to saving some big bucks
Financial group is an equal housing lender, credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change so call them now 1-800-940-L-E-N-D
That's 1-800-94053-63
5-660-3 is on your side
Q-A-N time to get it on
Oh
Don't go breaking apart
Stop breaking my balls
Come on stop breaking my balls
You're good
That's a hundred thousand
I let one speak out
I feel the duplow
I lifted my legs
It smells like an egg
Now my clothes are so tender
Try to hold in your fire
I'll try but that's kind of hard
Don't go breaking apart
And don't buy those hot pots
Don't go breaking apart
Don't go breaking apart
Don't go breaking apart
Don't go breaking apart
I need 15-560-2M
So, uh, Q-M is on North Koreans, they got the bomb
They got a nuclear weapon is what they announced yesterday or over the weekend
And then last night on 60 minutes, there's that awful puff piece with Bob Woodward
who's plugging his new book about El Presidente
And they got the bushmeister on telling everybody about how much he hates Q-M is on
Which at least he knows the names now, which I think is his definite right direction
Don't you have to flash cards, lots and lots of flashcards
Yeah
Nine votes, the poll is up
We have preliminary results, okay?
Let's, uh, if the 2004 presidential election pits president Bush against Al Gore
I'd vote for Gore for
I'd vote for Bush too
I'd blow my brains out of pair
I'd leave the country one and I wouldn't vote none
Oh yeah, sure
I wouldn't vote none
I didn't vote this last time, but that's only because it was already a done deal
Didn't I tell you that the jebster was ahead 15 points
You wound up winning by 13 points
What a tragedy, what a travesty
And also, well, let's be forget this depressing Gore story
I was thinking just before the show, you know, then I mentioned you this morning that a good place to be in the foreseeable future would be like Geneva, New York
Yeah, or if Salani, Michigan, or any other little bump for it
And yeah, you see the people who live in rural areas now, they don't have to be all uptight
Can you imagine?
And I realized that there will be studies done because every for some strange reason we can always appropriate certain
Enormous amounts of money, millions and millions for these studies
But there will be somebody doing studies about the stress factor for people who live in New York or DC or in other major metropolitan urban areas
As opposed to people who live like out in the boondocks
Right
In fact, they basically want to play Billy Joe Royal and out down in the boondocks
Which they've already done studies like that
Yes
And obviously the people that live in rural areas are way more laid back and easy going
Well, no, not just laid back, but they have less stress
Right, let's crash, let's crash, that's why they're laid back
Because they don't have to worry about somebody dropping a lot of bomba, see unskynectating New York
I don't think that's going to happen anytime soon
Should we press our luck on the phone thing here?
Why not?
Because I think, you know, you never know, I could be in for a tremendous surprise
Well, because the lady in L.A.D.
Hello
Hey, no
Yes, ma'am
I'm calling only because, well, I really don't have all that much to say
But one is that I really get to listen to you and if the joy when I do
Yes it is
And my question is, there is oftentimes in between your show a guy who does advertising for you guys
Like he does a simple green ad and he does something else
What did they find these people?
It's the worst voice you have ever heard
You mean Tommy?
I don't know who it is that I have like a...
I have like a...
Like a squeaky voice that sounds almost like a girl
Yeah, I would turn it off and go to another station
It is horrible
Uh-huh
That's just my complaint
Well, he works cheap though
Well, that's probably why
Well, listen, it's always good to hear you
Plus, Pussy, he has naked pictures of several people, management level people
He has naked pictures of them with billy goats
Well, I guess then he's going to be on there for a while
Yeah, he will
Okay
Alright, you know, have a great day
Thanks, sweetheart, have a great day
And quit ripping Tommy, we like Tommy a lot
Tommy's one of our people, okay?
He's one of our super spies
Tommy is up and down a hallway
In fact, he's usually bumping into the water Nazi
He ever seen the times when they're like coming from different directions around a hallway
And they're like bumping into each other?
No, I miss that
Oops!
Oops!
As they got the ear to the door, you know, that kind of thing
Leave Tommy alone, okay?
He's got a squeaky voice, but he's a good guy
He can't help himself
He's a little, you know
I always told you about Tommy, he never agreed with me
He sounds...
He sounds fay, okay?
He sounds fay
He says, Bush's they come, he's got a nice girlfriend, I guess
Have we ever seen her?
Oh yeah, I've known Don for years
Don?
Don
Oh, Don
I'm trying to help you, Tommy
Yeah, Tommy, this guy's got the shovel
He's bearing you this morning, Tommy
Come in here and beat him up a little bit
I think you can handle it
As in the morning, Don
Yeah, that's terrible
42 votes, score 13, Bush 11
I blow my brains out eight
I leave the country five
I wouldn't vote five
Now the honesty is starting to seep through a little bit
It's seeping, okay?
You can relate to that
Those are your people out there who are squeezing your bag
Hard this morning
Because they keep telling this boy
It's going to be really ugly, especially if we invade Iraq
It's going to bring all hell loose, okay?
And then you wonder, well, how come we're doing it then?
Well, you know, but you're going to have to die
We're going to have some spectacular attacks
It's just kind of strange, and it was made to you really wish that you were in the Des Moines, Iowa
I think it'd be safe there, wouldn't you?
Or maybe, maybe Omaha
I see Omaha is big enough that it's not like a little, you know, right?
Omaha is not bad
They got the great steak houses, but what else do they have in New Landmark?
And of course, after this horrible attack, maybe we'll have some of that great irradiated beef
At those steak houses
Where you'll be safe
Here's Homestead, hello
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
All right
I got a couple questions
I don't get a chance to listen as much
Because I usually drive the truck up in the center part of the state
A Ricken said, I'm here anywhere in the country
No, no, they're on the pitch
The other question is, what's bigger, a major asshole or a general asshole?
I'll tell you what, when you finish looking in the mirror, call us back and let us know
A ranch general Schwarzkoff, he'll tell you, oh no, you can't say that!
Oh, there he goes again, picking on our right wing heroes
Old Normie, that'd be a good pull question to take one day
Kennis Masamacho, a Normie Schwarzkoff or Norma Kent
Maybe we'll do that one tomorrow
Speaking of polls, most say, girl be on the end
You know, interesting thing about the phones
Now, Friday, for some reason, toward the latter part of the show, we had a little bit of a Thursday
Now, these calls so far, these three calls are sounded like these people are right on my balcony out here
You know, yeah, no problem
And there shouldn't be any problem
I mean, shouldn't it call so I'm just like you're punching it up right there?
Right there
They always have before
I mean, it's coming down a wire either way
Right, but for some strange reason on part of Thursday and then Friday that last hour
I guess it was just destined to be crap the last hour, you know?
I don't know what that's all about
By the way, congratulations Dolphins, be the girls team
A little girls team and I told you that, poor Naveen Paul, he's looking his wounds there
That defense, very suspects, we heard, I told you they weren't going to be the waiters out there last night
Didn't I tell them that on Friday?
I guess I did
Did I tell them that Carlos?
Yep, I said no chance, no way Jose
And poor Tom Brady, man, that kid's, he's doing it
He does it for me, I'll tell you that
And all this crap that goes on, you know, just like last week's unbelievable
Come from behind, pay to your victory over the bears, one of the most phenomenal performances in history
No credit on this radio station because you want to know the one word that describes why?
Jealousy
That's what it's all about
Mad Dog, all these other sports that are done there station
They would lick pounds of dog excrement to have Tom Brady be the Dolphin quarterback
And you know that, is there any doubt about that?
No
No, no doubt
They would kiss his grits to have him beat a quarterback
I mean, Ray Lucas, yeah, he played a good game against the old girls
I'll tell you, I watch him and he's still a sophomore, it's the word that comes to mind, you know
He just, I don't know
Yeah, he's not bad
He's not not bad, but he's not the, I don't know
For like a sandalot team, he looks pretty good
He just don't impress me all that much, but he did a very good job yesterday
I'll grant you that against a very, very embarrassing team
He was very adequate
Yeah, that's a good description
With the next presidential election two years away, undeclared candidate Elle Gore is trailing in a new poll
Trailing or not, Gore's name likely will be on about most people think this is going to CNN
A CNN slash time poll, conducted on November 13 and 14, shows that two thirds of the public think Gore will be the
likely Democratic nominee in 2004
Oh my God
But half-surveys said the former vice president won't win the White House, only 41% of the day will form a election where hell today
I'll be honest with you, 41% isn't all that bad against the incumbent
I'm not saying that I want him on air, but that really isn't all that bad
Especially when you consider the fact that he actually got a half million more votes this last time in the fixed election
The poll was conducted by interviewing 1,000 six people including 454 Democrats
It had a maximum error margin of plus or minus 6% of his points, Maso Manos
Most Democrats surveyed said they'd like to see Gore run for president
Really, pure respondents said it would benefit the party if he won the nomination
Among Democrats, 61% would like to see him run again, little more than half of those 55% said it would be good for the party to have him on a firm to be on the ticket
Does this make any sense to you? If 55% said it would be good enough to have him on the ticket, then only 41% said they vote for him
Does that make any sense to you?
Nope
Okay
So like I said, take that poll and stick it up Paul Azanzas, okay?
I know for that CNN crap, but we like our poll today though because it gives you several choices
Including of course, pulling your brains out or moving to Dubuque Iowa, which where you'll be safe
See, those survivalists, we always laughed at them, you know the ones that got all the candles stored up
Huh? I used to when I used to live around them
Right, and now you're starting to say they might have been on to something that bastards
Yes, indeed
This corn sure is special, it's been sitting on the can for about 30 years, but it's still okay
Got a lot of good preservatives in there
Right!
You're laughing man
No, no more
What was that stuff that Dick Kavett used to advertise? Top shelf, was that what it was called?
I don't know
Yeah, Kavett
Dick Kavett
You better get with it
I've heard his name before
Top shelf, it's like the little and that stuff would last like forever
Little on-trays, you never tried that stuff
No
Oh, it tastes like crap
But, uh, no, but it lasts forever
It's almost like freeze dried one step away from that, right?
Well, there's that stuff
I'd start stocking up on that if I was you folks right now, it starts stocking up and move to like uh, Lakeland would be good
Or you'll be safe
Or maybe twig
928-560-WDQ
Let me tell you about fast-trained right now
The facts are very simple, we've been telling them about it for a long time
If you have the dedication fast-trained will provide you with the necessary train to become
A certified computer professional
According to Time Magazine, the demand for computer professionals is going to continue to explode
The average student completes the training and just for sure at month's attending school three nights a week
Once you complete your certification fast-trained will help you in getting a brand new computer job
Fast-trained invites you to come in and visit our train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you
Is it Georgian Downs, is it Flambora, is it Mohawk or Woodvine
Call fast train or Batavia Downs which reopens with a brand new clubhouse
Call fast train at 1-866-Fast train to set up an appointment with four convenient locations
You'll find a location near you no question about it because they're in Miami, Kendall, Pember Pines and Fort Lauderdale
And don't forget to ask the career counselor for listed students just like yourself who are currently in their dream jobs
Thanks to the great training they got at fast train
Call them today tool free to answer all your questions with no obligation call 1-866-Fast train
That's 1-866-Fast train or check them out of the web if you like it fast train.com
We're supporting you 5-6-5
You are punished with the sewer of this place
It's the martial arts extremists of the year
Come on from the director of the one
It's three excuses
Oh, they're going to blast us out
Come on, man, break it up
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
One is going to be three excuses
One is going to be three excuses
Look at her, you want to kill me?
9-32-5-60 WDQ
You notice Carlos how that collar enables this disappeared on line 9?
Yep
You notice how cleverly I just did that during that the bit
Anyway, no, because I already know who that is
You probably don't believe me do you?
I remember that call from New York that came in
And I told you was the guy the uh, a bullied guy
Right, I know him
All I have to do is see where it's from and what line it's on
And I can tell you exactly who it is
Man arrested at Miami Airport with hidden gun
A Haitian man has been arrested for attempting to board a flight from Miami to Haiti
While allegedly to carrying a handgun and 50 bullets hidden in the DVD player authority said
That'd be a good pull question
Where would you rather hide your bullets in the DVD or in your DVDs
Andre Riggüins, who's a legal US resident, was being held yesterday at the
Federal detention center in Miami, pending initial appearance in federal court today
Said FBI spokeswoman Judy Orwella
Riggüins was arrested Saturday at Miami International before boarding an American
Airlines flight to Port-au-Prince the Haitian capital, she said
A security screener found the gun after stopping Riggüins for a second look at his carry-on
Luggage
Inside the bag the screener found a DVD player that held the handgun and ammunition which were wrapped in
Four line duct tape he said he needed it for protection in Haiti
I believe him
Riggüins, 33, was charged, well wait a minute but he's a US citizen
Yeah, he was charged with attempting to carry weapon on to an airplane or Riggüins drove to Miami from Jonesboro, Georgia and
That he lives in Georgia with his wife a US citizen too
Hey stay in Jonesboro, Georgia you'll be safe
Right? I guess I don't know where it is
Now seriously I think that would be an interesting pull question to take course there's so many possibilities
You know thousands of them but with all these scared things all these warnings now
We're still under yellow light by the way yellow light nobody panic yellow light
Anybody get all nervous that's what Tom Ridge said this morning you look at him when he's on there
They hit him on CNN a little clip
And don't you feel safe no don't you feel secure when you see him
Would that kind of like blank look on his face
Where do they find these people seriously where the hell do they find these people
He's he's almost is imposing his Tommy Thompson but not quite the old cheesehead the old water from a crit guy
Good golly miss Molly and of course I don't want to go into it
Let's let's start it up. No we had that one great call to get us started here this morning
Right and then that woman ripping into poor Tommy which I think is very very unfortunate why why did she do that
A lot of people do you know but no but you notice we don't get a lot of women call us but a lot of them are so
Bitchy they're always like pick it on people
Women never heard of them
God damn it how come you can't be pleasant like the women here
They're all like it's like everybody else they're pleasant
They hold the door for everybody else they like you know they're just pleasant
Morning how are you you know people you don't know people you've never seen before
And you hopefully you'll never see again
But they're nice they're polite but South Florida is this ugly nasty streak
Let's rip somebody think out we know through that on the show
Do we ever we absolutely never doing now George wants to know how it gets about that that's part of our policy just like that
QA and dress code that we got yeah that Moe is going to be enforcing
I can't wait to get back there just for that reason alone so I'd come in as sloppy as I want to be
Are you going to wear a QA and dress
I might have to try to get a straight about a guy I kid in the dress too that's later on in my pile
Which I better get going here
I think I'm going to use this one next because this
See you always are let me making fun of things that I say and then come to find out I had my thumb on it
Moriah puts the moves on out here's a picture this is in the star this week
And the tabloids by the way come out here at least several days ahead of when you get them down there
They may be published right in your backyard there in Lantana
But they come out for some strange reason everywhere else in the world like a week ahead
This is the November 26 star page 18 and here's the picture of
Moriah carries a former heartthrob Mexican singer Luis Miguel who by the way turned her down again second time
Said you kid me you're not going to look at that thing get out of here bitch and here he's she's like all
Cuzzle cuddled up in his lap and her smooching you know good photo opportunity
Moriah puts the moves on P Diddy
Oh yeah
Member P Diddy and JLo
Yep and now P Diddy's with Moriah who was formerly with Luis you start are you starting to put the pieces of this puzzle all together
Okay, it's starting to paint a picture for you
Does there seem to be something consistent going on here?
And let's see who was it that was doing and reekay supposedly here recently?
And reekay and a cornucova
Oh yeah they're still doing it
Yeah right it's a it's a big circle jerk is what it is
Okay hey if that's wishful thinking great go with it I'm telling you right now
I don't want to I don't want to name any individual names but I just want to say this just generally not connected with any name
Necessarily spoken so far but maybe there's an awful lot of faghags out there
Okay, okay, okay
Troubled Moriah carries obsessed with hip hop mogul Sean P Diddy combs and determined to get her to get him to make a new woman out of her
Haha
Moriah believes that P Diddy and only P Diddy can wave a magic wand
and restore the luster to a tarnished startup inside his reveal
and they add that it's dressed diva is using every opportunity to see and be seen with combs
When Moriah spotted the rapid prasaria to party October 28th in New York's Roseland Ballroom
she was all over him as these close up and personal photo show
Yeah, he's kissing her not on the cheek but like on the hair
You know what I'm saying? In other words, he hasn't even brushed the hair back away from her cheek.
No skin content. You can't get any more personal and up close than that.
Mariah was gushing all over Puffy and I witnessed El Star. He gave her a peck on the cheek,
but she couldn't keep her hands off him. It looked like she wanted everyone to see her with Sean.
Mariah's motivation is simple.
Says the source close to the 30-year-old singer. She's sick with worry over her career.
And probably the fact she can't sing for Schmidt don't help either.
Her mission is to receive a total musical makeover from P. Diddy, who made a name for himself producing music ranging from
Hardcore Gangster rap to bubble gum team pop and by cultivating artists like former lover Jennifer Lopez.
When through the rain the first single from Mariah's new charm bracelet album came out in September it bombed.
All right, still of self-ream Mariah retired today her place in music history to be assured.
She sold more than 125 million albums worldwide, which to me is enough to make me puke my guts out.
Her last major hit was Heartbreakers 99, which was number one for two weeks and stayed on Billboard magazine's top 40 chart for 14 weeks.
But since then Mariah's career has been an entails spin for much publicized emotional and physical breakdown in July 2001 following her breakup with Mexican singer Luis Miguel.
Landed her in a Connecticut mental hospital for weeks.
A mental hospital.
Things looked even grimmer after briefly with Rachi rapper M&M.
The embarrassment of having virgin records pay her $30 million to buy their major for $80 million contract and her flop glitter soundtrack album.
Flop bom una bomba grande compounding her problems.
Mariah saw comfort and food and gained a huge amount of weight.
She had to check herself into an exclusive fat farm earlier this year.
So she's not in the nut house.
She's in the fat farm.
But inside her style star that music business pals recently confronted Mariah and told her bluntly that she's not selling because she's boring.
They said you have to spice it up and stop feeling sorry for yourself.
She's a source.
They also put it out how Jennifer Lopez's musical career sword after she hooked up with 33 year old P. Diddy.
Now Mariah is obsessed in getting the same treatment.
Her publicist Cindy Berger says the couple's dealings are strictly business for now.
They're friends.
That's all I can tell you said Berger.
But sources post-Amariah say she said in having P. Diddy take her under his wing.
If he has wings does that mean he can fly?
The bottom line is Mariah feels P. Diddy is strong.
Successful and sexy says the source.
And Mariah's eyes he be the answer to a whole lot of her problems on a whole lot of levels.
How do you like that?
And he's kissing her right on the old locks.
This is for sweaty.
You're bicep.
You way up.
Full Chamberlain, rate me.
Oh, some are your other head.
Evil do or the one we like the least.
Yes.
Oh, some of there's no safe place to hide you in the home Middle East.
Oh, some of the days quickly approaching when you will just be dirt.
Oh, some are hoping happen soon and I hope to God you hurt.
Yeah.
You silly fool.
Well, come on, come on and level your own land.
Well, hunch it down.
You evil clown.
Now what can't you understand?
What are the books you in your grave?
Drone grenades and every cave all summer.
Miss those are coming down from the bombers and you won't have very long.
Oh, some are your other head.
Terrorist, you're a match and we're king.
Oh.
And I'm not afraid of you.
You're not gonna scare me, me God, I'm strong.
I am fallible.
And there's a bomb.
It's come right for my cave.
There's a bomb coming right for my cave.
Oh.
It's silly fool.
We'll bunker full.
It's level your own land.
We'll hunch it down.
You evil clown.
What can't you understand?
What are the books you in your grave?
Drone grenades and every cave all summer.
I'm 46 and 560 WDQA.
I'm happy Monday to you.
Totally unacceptable facts from New England Paul that I ripened Tom Brady.
Hey, I tell you you're an ungrateful dickhead is what you are.
Okay, get out of here, New England Paul.
What a sour twist.
Blames the game last night on Tom Brady.
He's the one who lost the game.
I don't think so.
I've never lost.
What?
Said I had nothing to do with him.
No.
But that's a New England Paul.
Another one of those knowledgeable soft food sports fans.
Here's the facts.
It could be one of the dumbest things I've ever read in my life.
First of all, it says, did you see seven news this morning?
How would I see Channel 7 news in Toronto?
Huh?
That's one of the great things about being.
That's one of the greatest things about being here.
It's not having to watch Channel 7 news or even coming across it by accident.
Channel surfing.
And that goes on to say news that's almost as shocking as the fact that President Lincoln's got a bad headache.
Jeb Bush is looking into the recent elections.
Somehow over 100,000 votes in Broward County were lost and not counted.
The Bush games go on.
Now what day was the election November 5?
I should know because it was on my birthday.
Yes.
Within a couple of days after that, we knew that there was 103,000 votes that were not counted originally.
And that they tabulated them and then come to fight out that didn't change anything.
Remember that?
Yep.
So that's what that's all about.
And here it is the 18th of November like days and days and weeks later.
Hey, Neil, did you see this?
Yeah, probably from time jikker.
So what do you think?
Ash debula?
That sounds like avalanan Kansas.
Yeah, I think it's a go cast for Wyoming.
Although they might not like Wyoming too much because of the change.
Might not be too safe there.
How about Helena Montana?
I've actually that.
I'm gonna say to urban Helena.
Keep going west into the hinterlands.
How much shall be Montana?
No, no, you don't understand.
Just because of places urban, I mentioned Omaha.
It doesn't mean that they're going to be attacking.
There's not enough people or it's it's a small potatoes like cranky.
But tangy never know what these crazy people are.
No, they're going after the big joints.
Okay, don't you understand?
They're going after the big joint.
Pentagon creates a big brother.
So Uncle Sam can keep his eye on us right to report to the Guardian, the British newspaper.
The model of the information awareness office in Washington DC reads.
Knowledge is power in just a few months into its life.
It's clear that the newly founded Pentagon off shoot aims to become very powerful.
Indeed in a development which has provoked outrage across America's political spectrum.
The IA has begun work on a global computer surveillance network which will allow on
federal access to personal details currently held in government and commercial databases
around the world contracts worth millions of dollars have been awarded to companies
developed technology which will enable the Pentagon to store billions of pieces of electronic
personal information from records of internet use to travel documentation lending
library records and bank transactions and then access this information without a search warrant.
The system would also use video technology to identify people at a distance.
Total information awareness or TIA was proposed to the Pentagon by Admiral John Pointex
director of the terrorist attacks on 911.
A former official in the Reagan administration was convicted for his leading role in the Iran
Congress scandal.
Pointex was appointed head of the IAO in February.
Implementing the proposal would require legislation which is before Congress to amend existing laws
protecting people's privacy.
Pointex to made his first public comment about TIA this week saying that because the
organ's terrorism was global so too would be the data his agency would seek.
How are we going to find terrorists and preempt them except by following their trail he says the
problem is much more complex than we faced before.
How to harness with technology the streets marks of people on the ground on a global scale he said.
His remarks prompted civil rights groups to claim that countries such as Britain
would be caught up in the Pentagon's network.
From what little we know of the information awareness office it is clear that by comparison
1984 was just a primer said me here.
Krishigar a policy analyst at the electronic privacy information center in Washington this will
entrue on every aspect of people's lives and completely change our culture.
It's the government saying we'll collect every piece of information about you and then we'll decide
whether or not we like what you're doing in other words are you using shaman are you like roll
enough folding it over too many times huh are you wiping forward or backward with your left hand
you're right little things like that does your chewing gum lose its flavor on a bed post overnight
things like that former senator Gary Hart of the west commission on national security said the
plan was a total overkill of intelligence and potentially a huge waste of money is what Gary Hart said
oh and speaking of Gary Hart are you aware of the fact that they're talking about bringing his
ass back to that he may want to run again oh no yeah you lost a little weight on that Donna
Rice that he may want to come back 154 votes and I really have to look a scant at the results on
this poll even though Al Gore is like a wooden like a cigar store Indian in this audience don't you
find this results so far a little bit dubious at best yes if the 2004 presidential election
pits president Bush against Al Gore I vote for Bush 60 I vote for Gore 42 I blow my brains out
25 I leave the country 15 I wouldn't vote 12 just a little bit suspect I don't want to like you know
P on your parade and it's a good thing I must add my psychic powers building up again you want to know
why why because I have this huge pile of stuff I got all the tabloid I got enough stuff here for like
400 hours and look at the phone you see any calls I know not one well if that Monday thing
gets the old Monday excuse then it'll be the holiday excuse and then it's we got nothing to talk
about excuse and it's that we don't like you excuse and etc and so on so that 40 and a half
percent of people on that poll we took over the weekend said oh we'd like to show a lot better
now because the call is a back while we hit a few and that's it we took whatever was on here
and that's the end of the calls all you call suckers out there oh yeah the phone calls are what makes
the show well where the hell are they same old crap six suspected Al Qaeda terrorists who were
plotting to really sign a gas in a crowded London subway during rush hour have been arrested
after British intelligence infiltrated the group of white public report the man off from North
Africa were picked up eight days ago and accused of hatching a plan that security experts said
would have thrown the British capital into chaos and caused serious casualties I thought they already
were in chaos over at the gay rape thing huh well I got a big story on that in fact Prince William
he like he collapsed from the pressure he's all been out of shape and then there are all kinds of
messages on the walls in the tea room and oh just all kinds of stuff going on they're having a group
group over there they're groping with their problems at the royal palace although British officials
wouldn't come out on the Sunday the Sunday Times of London report the sign I plot apparently prompted
Prime Minister Tony Blair early in the week to warn his countryman that something big is about to
happen the November 9th arrest preceded the tape message purportedly from Osama Yamama warning
that US allies including Great Britain could face a major new strike and Canada two way
US officials said the London subway plot may have been part of an al-Qaeda plan involving
simultaneous attacks in several countries the FBI said this week that al-Qaeda was plotting
spectacular strikes with mass casualties that would severely damage the US economy and inflict
maximum psychological trauma now let's play ball right right on let's go let's get those football
games on air baby the Sunday Times quoted British intelligence agents as saying the London gang
was planning to bring ingredients for a gas bomb into Britain Blair was immediately told about
the plot and police shut down the terror cell the arrest by Scotland the arts anti terrorist
branch followed rates of more than a half of those London addresses some of which were used by drop
ins used as drop ins via Algerian Moroccan and Tunisian immigrants dropping for droppings British
intelligence believes the gang was acting on instructions from an al-Qaeda commander in Europe
this is an alarming development the paper quoted one sources saying it means al-Qaeda members and
sympathizers are still active in Britain despite our efforts details of the plot coincided with
reports of increased activity or chatter heard on terrorist networks and picked up by US and
British intelligence don't you love when they talk about increased chatter like that yeah
isn't that what he comes to mind what you're about that a lot of chatter going on
Britain's were warned two days before the arrest of potential poison gas or dirty bomb attack
but the warning was later withdrawn the release of toxic gas could have shut down most of London's
public transport system the London underground popularly known as the tube is the world's oldest
one of the most extensive subways carrying millions of passengers every day around the British
capital in a strange twist the plot caused an Italian liquor maker to scrap an ad campaign for a new
our I'm a reddo drink that was to take place in the London subway the paper reported the company
planned to walk the smell of almonds to the underground in effort to get passengers thinking about
the smell of amaretto but cyanide also smells like animals and officials thinking yeah officials
feared the smell could cause panic oh my god yeah meanwhile sky news reported that three of the
men arrested in London were aged between 21 and 30s and were of Tunisian or Moroccan background
they were charged under Britain's anti-terrorism law for possession of articles for the
preparation instigation and commission of terrorism acts and scheduled appear in court today
so it say in the Sunday Times how do you like that huh real good timing there that the Italian
company with the amaretto smell smells like cyanide gas to me nice gone
here's Miami hello hello yes sir hey how about the uh mommy Harold this morning
saying that the uh hastin both uh the hastin's coming in is a security threat but we didn't have to
have fire to plane this sort of plane in this morning um why isn't a security threat when the
uh fire to plane we have to bring in a stolen plane from Cuba or right or Cubans having
machete swinging at that coast guard why isn't that a security threat because there a lot more
Cubans read the hurled yeah that's one bring that up that's the answer though and you know it
as well as I do and are the worst pandewars on the face of the earth yeah I mean I mean first of all
they own a raggedy boat and just trying to get here that they put together without machete's
or any weapons I mean you know and they say that they can break in tears they only have enough
room for them on the boat no weapons he just comes okay for you to say goodbye to the herald pal
uh bye bye see ya bye bye bye Harold we hate you we do not like you at the herald okay he hate me
then in fact they're all gonna be walking around with that the t-shirt on their their'll he hate me
don't you love that yeah 9 56 at 5 60 W to QM it's a great Monday you can feel it in your bones
we're all moving to canondig when the york world will be safe and then we can have dinner like
it louis in the Bronx where will be safe like salotto and mcclosski when you stop it at godfather
crap already I can't do it I can't stop no I can't help myself like the four tops would say I
can't be helping myself 178 votes on air bush 69 gore 49 I blow my brains out 30 leave the country
17 I wouldn't vote 13 be saying that cast away seafood company no seafood boy do they know
what inside and out they pride themselves on serving you the freshest seafood under the sun fresh
that's never frozen prepared just the way you love it grilled black and are broiled signature cast
away dishes include sesame seared tuna crack cocket unbelievable homemade chowdars and you know something I
still haven't had that chowder yet damn it well next time I'm back you better get them to bring
in the chowder your history you guys cast away is also features grilled certified angus beef burgers
filet manion or a huge New York strip in fact if you don't make sure they have the chowder next time
I'm back there Carlos don't get paid anymore cast away is offers great daily lunch and early
birds specials in every Wednesday night is karaoke and ladies night with three drinks for the ladies
join the castaways tailgate party at the hog fish bar for weekend and money net football specials
while you watch your favorite games your favorite teams play that smash mile football the cast away
seafood companies got a full bar the open seven days weekend you'll find them on the southwest
quarter of university driving grip and road in Davy if you're looking to cater your next
home or office party castaways does a stupendous job at all night as well cast away seafood company
featuring seafood so fresh it'll slap you on the puts
you'll find sixty you'll see you a yeah
man that's I f**king am out
thank you for calling the Rosio Dino Butterball tricky hotline to hear Rosis thanks
giving recipes press one to hear Rosis holiday hints press two
stop eat everything when you go to a holiday party eat the expensive food first
eat on everyone else's mangling if there's us a people eating introduce them to someone who
talks a lot what are you chewing for food into your pockets and first we're baggy clothing
so when your person pockets the bowl you can sell food into your prawn pansies we're a huge
chance to fill out food too continue with a lot of food gone to hear Rosis Vincent Purge
techniques called one eight hundred to far fit up you know that's another good reason we're baggy
clothing right there I never thought about that right great place to hide your stash candy bars
you'll pickles
coal slug
hey never stop those old parts at all those other places they put out of business
pumper next more sense wolfies and even if the rascal house
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
pember finds hello
you're listening to the test of the new
oh my god no you're kidding here i'm not that high here's Miami hello
I can be no advertising about what is it okay okay like I said he's not obsessed or fat no
crawl strings hello hello yes sir
all right and now you're hurting I hear you now I heard like five different spins on the
time to cover up the whole company country with blanket hide everything what's your take once
your final deal on it I don't I don't know where we are we give it a time is he letting inspectors in
are they look to story if they find things well I'm glad you I'm glad you asked that because it's
a great lead into this next bedtime story since all these people are saying you know well let's
first of all they're not going to find anything there like if you had like a cash of weapons in
your house and I said okay I'm going to come in six weeks from now I'm going to come and
we're going to bring a whole bunch of inspectors we're going to find those things then we're
going to throw your ass and jail you think six weeks later unless you were a total moron there
be any guns we could find in your house oh no in fact remembering godfather two was it in two yeah
after he shot the dawn right he took the gun up on the roof and he smashed it on the chimney
into a whole bunch of different pieces and he threw the different parts of the gun down different
chimneys remember that yep down the smoke stack um-hmm Iraq can make chemical weapons that
and that guy asked me what my take was which is why he's not on anymore Iraq can make chemical
weapons that penetrate US protective gear Iraqi scientists know how to make chemical weapons
that can penetrate military protective clothing and Iraq imported up to 25 metric tons last month
of a powder that is a crucial ingredient to such dusty weapons Iraq told you when the powder
was destined for a pharmaceutical company that a former weapons inspector says was ordered
to have president Saddam Hussein before the 1991 Persian Gulf War to work on chemical and biological
weapons the powder is sold under the brand named erasil has particles so small that when
coated with deadly poisons they can pass through the tiniest gaps in protective suits this sounds
promising don't it yeah experts inside and outside the US government say they're not certain
Iraq has dusty chemical weapons uh in other words like everything else we don't know
declassified US intelligence documents say Iraq produced a dusty form of the blister agent
mustard in the 1980s and used it during its eight-year war with Iran if Iraq made and used the
powdered form of its deadliest nerve agent vx it could kill US troops dressed in full protective
gear according to a 1990 defense intelligence agency assessment although the military's protective
suits have been improved since then experts say dusty weapons could penetrate the new suits
let me say it again although the military's protective suits have been improved since then
experts say that dusty weapons could penetrate the new suits Pentagon officials refused to discuss
the permeability of the new suits or whether Iraq has weapons that could pass through them
such information is classified they said the 1990s uh the IA document said soldiers could
protect themselves by throwing rain ponchos over their chemical suits which would reduce the
fee to fatality risk of year zero one I sprayed later wrote one gets the sense that this was
recommended in the face of few other options the researcher Eric Crati of the private center for
non-proliferation studies said dusty vx would be a serious danger to US troops vx is so toxic that
in its liquid form a drop on the skin can kill within minutes the effects of dusty vx depending on
how it gets in the body would be somewhat faster quality said it's certainly much more
injurious and much more of a severe threat dusty chemical weapons are formed by mixing the liquid
chemical agent with a fine powder to coat the powder's tiny particles with a deadly poison the
particle's small size allows them to pass through the fabric of a protective suit and any tiny gaps
around the seal of a gas mask the latest US military protective suits have a layer of charcoal on
the in the fabric to trap any poisons in my penetrating the outer covering but particles small
enough could pass through even the charcoal there I guess it's like they use on the seats in the
airplane to catch that yeah how do they work closest analogy is no matter what happens when
you go to the beach you still get sand in your shorts karate said the poisonous powder also
would settle in the tiniest nooks and crannies of buildings and equipment making decontamination
extremely difficult vx in its liquid form already is a decontamination challenge the sticky
poisonous persistent cannot be easily neutralized with substances like bleach even if dusty chemical
weapons cause no US casualties they could force American soldiers to work in clumsy protective gear
decontaminate their equipment and avoid contaminated areas giving Iraqi soldiers time to
his birthday party couple what a great party that was yes it was but he said that during the 80s
Iraq imported more than a hundred metric tons of aerosil a brand of fume silicon dioxide
on the money nitolic casted they just decided that they're not going to bother
anything hard evidence of that in September the New York Times quoted their Iraqi defectors
saying Sodom's chemical weapon scientists secretly began producing dusty vx's early as 1994
aerosil made by the German chemical company the German chemical company the Ghusa AG
has an exceptionally small particle size 12 nanometers that means that more than 2100 of the
particles strung together would be as thick as a human here you think that answers at least a
little bit of his question what's my take no what you take oh naked women spell out the word
peace and protest against the war in Iraq how come nothing fun like that ever happens here
alright point ray of station california which i have no idea where that is but it sounds like it might
be like up by frisco in northern california i don't know why it just sounds like it didn't it yeah
like we're a basis or something i have no idea concern that war against Iraq is imminent 50 women
took off their clothes in the cold rain and lay end to end in the grass to spell out PEACE
the unusual protest was organized in just a few days by artist Donna sheen who wanted to
convey the desperation she said women in particular feel about the coming military action
you know this the flood of calls we're getting from women who are really whipped up about a
racket in the aracatech we had one woman so far and she's pissed off the tamis got a squeaky voice
that soft floater for your folks oblivious nothing ever heard us i just thought what can i do what can
we do it's a desperate feeling well this is what i did she and said friday and every other woman
who was there felt like they were doing something for peace she and called her friends they called
their friends and by Tuesday afternoon they were ready to pose for local photographer art rogers
in a baseball field in this small town just north of san francisco like i said how do you like that
it just sounds point rayas station california it sounds kind of like frisco-ish
yes as soon as they took off their clothes the cold rain began to fall how unusual in the san francisco bay area
by the time we'd strip with a lot of squealing and giggling and whooping and hollering it was really
raining she said but we had fun it was very empowering all the women signed documents allowing
their images to be sold with proceeds going to the peace movement the point rayas like the local
weekly newspaper published a picture on thursday and george wants to see it right away right now
214 votes on our very scientific poll are on eorages.com the two that the two thousand four
presidential election if it pits president bush against al-Gor what would you be doing i vote for
bush 80 gorg 64 37 percent to 30 percent from bush in this crowd i'd blow my brains out 36
i'd leave the country 18 and i wouldn't vote 16 out of 214
here's a call from miramar hello
miramar going once going twice oh that's a that's glen in miramar see we don't even hear the
voice and i know who it is right wing glen and get back on a poll and vote for bush again a
couple of times glad to cut the crap go clean out your gun tom ridge statement has no new threats
homeland security chief tom ridge said some day there was nothing new in a statement attried
into al-Qaeda the threatens new attacks in Washington and new york unless america's stopped
supporting israel and converts to islam the threats contained in that piece are the same threats
we've been hearing now for the past year rigid tom ridge said in a tv interview it's just added to
the totality of the threat environment within which we're working but we don't add any special
credence to another and we know where it wore he said how do you like that now does that tell you a lot
no we doesn't give us any more information but we know where it wore oh that's what tom ridge said
director of home on security little preemptive isn't it in fact that would be a great question
who's the better secarster indian al-Gorr at tom ridge or run ds good to think that's a toughy
let's line them up a correspondent for the arab satellite tv station al-Gorr at
till the a p that he received the unsigned six page document on wednesday a day after the station
broadcast that audio tape believed made by osama yomama the u.s and other governments blamed
been lawden for the attacks yada yada yada the arab tv correspondent yosere fauda who's known
for good contacts with an al-Qaeda would only say that the statement came from his sources within
the group but the insist that he was certain it came from the terrorist movements leadership
ridge said the bush administration was uncertain of the source of the letter we're familiar
with that piece of information there are no new threats he said these are the same old condition
that's just part of the continuing threat environment that we ask says it's really nothing new
meanwhile senior bush administration official confirmed yesterday that rages president bush's
choice to add a new department of home land security the sentence expected to pass legislation
this week to read the department the house is already voted in favor of it but this story from cbs news
i have to raise a couple of eyebrows because they added all out of the crappinare and i'm not so
sure that's going to get passed at all because the rea time delay and some other right wingers
have added a whole bunch of extra crappin there to benefit some of their buddies in texas and elsewhere
and so this story may be obsolete okay get with it cbs or else look at us phone smoking aren't they
baby wow i noticed that he ain't even answering any more carlos he's though disgusted five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the end and probably reflect on this next paycheck too you know i'm
that's right twelve minutes after ten at five sixty wqa if you want to start popping something
good for your health something that'll protect against those evil doers all you might can't hurt
all your men went to rea inform you those are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil
combined with good stuff for your body vitamins minerals herbals other nutrients scientifically
designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs look for
all you might three great new formulas they got a new one to help you sleep there's one product to
help you can toward your weight and co-Q-10 which is so then good for your heart all using the benefits
of the finest olive oil the purest olive oil and money can buy pick up some olio med today at
public's records or Walgreens or get more information about their products by calling to toll free
number and action away call one eight six six olio med that's one eight six six six five three six
six these six thirty three ten which is so then good for your heart all using the benefits of
the finest olive oil the purest olive oil and money can buy pick up some olio med today at
public's records or Walgreens or get more information about their products by calling to toll free
number and action away call one eight six six olio med that's one eight six six six five three six
six these six thirty three you can also order their products online at olio med america dot com and
don't forget if you visit your publics and buy an olio med product and databroward you can get
you a coupon for a free Larry coaker bubble head doll while supplies land their plain home games
pick up free olio med samples and product information and start popping some olio med in your
post like right away
Floridians done as dirt
this is a story about a girl who got dirty
here's a warning
a Vivian
now
BThey
Yeah, and I say I'm so dirty
Don't you want cause I curse curse curse like you know
Trump can sell her love your ears kids no more
God be
G-Man
This is
I feel and
Damn
Yes, she's dirty and George would like to clean her off and I guess probably Carlos too with her tongue
It's 1018 at 560 WQM
I'm turning the calls are pouring in no not that's okay like I said
It's Monday don't knock yourselves out. I got lots of good stuff here today a little mix and match a little
This a little bit of that try to keep everybody happy right it's a delicate balance. We try to weave on this show
Here's a call from Miami. Hello
Miami
Okay, and now you see you put the Naples call back on again. Let's see if it's for real hello Naples
Good morning. Good morning. Yes sir. Yes, I did
You know my arrogance and could see I really thought you were gonna come back down for the yet game Friday night at the
Macarena. Oh, no, this is that guy again get out of here
Sorry
It's it's that look let me just say this to you okay
This isn't one of the shows on a station that talks to the same four or five people every day
I mean we have those shows, but this isn't one of them. I just I just suggest that to you now did not get rid of him the first time
Yeah, because my and I what I wasn't who I thought it was gonna be but
Never less my had a psychic premonition
That that's who it was
Where there was somebody we didn't want to talk to and this is the guy again the abullion guy who's always online
I'm from New York from Naples from go away. Okay, leave me alone. You have nothing to say
All you want to do is call here and suck my ass and believe me. I've seen you
And look at those phones is there one call on there. Okay, but we like the calls don't even answer them now
Okay, don't answer the code you had your chance you had your opportunity
Now I'm starting to get fired up and pissed off with his crowd. It's the same old crap is it
They love the causes if the calls have something to say they've got nothing to say
It's the same misfits the same no-life the same retards
Work my freaking old aging pimpley ass off here month after month
They after they know what I thought was pretty interesting crap
Okay, with a little bit of entertainment throwing in there as well and the price was right. Oh no
We don't like that time jico is right
This is periodicals on audio we want to hear the colors the colors are great
Even George knows the colors suck
Yeah
Hi jack attempt on Israeli airliner for no, it's just it just amazes me how we we've said this for years
It's never gonna change. It's like suggesting that South Florida something's gonna become like a sophisticated place
You know, or like they're gonna be a few people under the age of 100 done. They're gonna happen
It's like trying to make chap liver from dog droppings man. You can't do it. You just can't do it
The same people are wanting to hear the sound of their own voice. Oh, I guess you didn't come back down Friday to meet me at the hockey game
No, I did not
In fact, if there was one major reason I wouldn't come back there last Friday or any other guy then they would be to meet you with the hockey game or at the
The rascal house or any other place go away
Get a life
Find a friend
Go to the bathhouse find a boyfriend get away from me
Man talk about about your klingons
Now you now look at that look what you got on there at nine and you believe that you believe that call on nine is from Detroit
Here's Detroit. Hello. Hey Neil was going on. Are you in Detroit? Yes, sir. I told you
What's up? Yeah, I'm an airport. Are you on eight mile road?
Uh, the train stays far away from there as possible. Okay
Your friend Mohawar David. Yeah
He was opposing for playground
Uh
You know what Carlisay not only his next paycheck gonna be small it ain't coming you're not getting another paycheck
You've just been it we managed to free work for next two years no checks for another two more years
So make that first check stretch out was as long as you can tell already gone
When and now to say that too late when it outstretched out and the check too
I
Mean I just looking where these calls are supposed to they coming from I've been around a block of you times
This guy's calling from Detroit to tell me that Moe plow of Pope Poe for what was the TV guide
Security guards overpowered in Israeli Airbus you attempted to hijack an LL flight on route from Tel Aviv to Istanbul yesterday
Pulley said during the flight the man wielding a small pen knife
Attended to break into the cockpit of the Boeing 757 but security officials thwarted his efforts LL said the statement
Turkish radio and TV identified him as
Tech-biff
Fukra locked away you say that FUKRA Fukra
LL said he was on and he was an Arab carrying an Israeli passport in all 170 people aboard that flight
We heard people saying there was fighting and a half been a later became clear from ro5 or six
A man ran a muck toward the pilot's cabin attacked his stewardess and tried to enter the cockpit in Israeli passenger on the plane told his
Israel what is it is real army radio
We saw stewardess running like crazy from the front of the place to the business section
She was terrified said the pastor identified as monochem
Security guards room to the floor with his legs spread in his face to the floor the pastors were hysterical
But the flight attendants were very cool. They calm the stony said according to Reuters the flight took off a 15 p.m
From Tel Aviv's venguering airport landed safely at 10 15 p.m. In Istanbul police at Attaturk airport said no one was hurt
I wonder if dr. Attaturk was there that quack foot doctor that rumored try to hook me up with dr. Attaturk
The suspect was arrested early today the plane was sitting empty on the ground at the airport in Istanbul
These suspect was in custody of Turkish authorities who were questioning and before handing him over to Israel
It's not clear how the man may have managed to bring a pen knife on board
L. Allisrael's national airline is considerably most secure in the world
I do like that and did you see did you see that? I'm sure you must have on see anymore
They were like whisking them away with the handcuffs. No, I missed it. You didn't see that nope
And he had this pain look on his face like why you know why you're picking on me
You know why is everybody picking on me that kind of look although they I'm seeing on the show in that story now
Oh, there's some jeweler guy after he asked for water
From what they're in the middle they take out the knife
And she pushed them out and she gave a cry
She gave her a cry so two people jumping of somebody and I jumped also to help them you see that guy right there
Look at this guy see that's what the world thinks of jewis you then just that's why you brought that to my attention
That's Georgia's idea. Oh, there's a guy. No, no, wait. Wait. Look at the way. Did you see the look on this guy's for oh?
It's too is it too late? Oh damn it. Yeah, like and then they're saying he's a little bit like maybe crazy like that
That's punk fries ass right now, okay? There he goes
There he goes drag him away just fries ass don't have any questions
5 6 7 0 5 60 let's get some real meaty calls on here today
Let's get some women who want peace. We're gonna just sit back and watch all our soldiers get killed and watch love bomb
I'll be dropping all over the guy damn place even in june even in york
Let's go somewhere we can be safe like vatavia. We can check out the great new clubhouse at the reopening of vatavia
Downs this week you want to go? All right
Here's Miami. Hello. Hi Neil. How are you today great?
How's the weather up there in Toronto?
Two inches of snow on the ground cold as hell and I love it. It's great
I yeah, I'm usually low up north and right now earlier today is like 55 degrees or something down here
Yeah, everybody's like oh it's so cold. Where's sweater?
It's gonna be 30 set our high today is gonna be 37
Yeah, that's a good old Canadian winter. I'm gonna tell you to be honest with you unless it's windy
I was thinking this yesterday because the wind subsided it was about 30
And unless it's windy 30 isn't really all that cold
No, it's not you know when you get used to it. How many as long as you're a wrestler or I mean if you're standing out there in a t-shirt
It's probably not a good idea, but if you dress for what's the big deal?
Exactly put on a maple leaf coat or something. Right. Well not this week, please
No, not ever not this time again
But uh, I was you know just listening in and you know that is Rayleigh airlines and to get the pen knife. Yeah
Who who who allows themselves to be hijacked the guy with a pen knife
Well, they didn't well, I know but the fact that even made it as far as the cockpit
Yeah, that is surprising on the LL you're right about that
How the hell he got that through because they've got security that's tighter than a witches butt and how he got it on there beats a heck out of me
But uh also the the cyanide gas attack thing and the the underground that was
afforded by and
15
Is it's gonna know that at least someone's security agency works?
Yeah, somewhere in the world. Yeah
In fact, you know, this most of the plots that have been broken up are in France and in the places around Europe and other parts of the world here
They're not doing to fit
Yeah, and you know they probably don't even spend a fraction of the money that we do now on a homeland
Here it is
Oh, maybe we should start hiring you know English and French times for our security
You better just move their sounds okay
Have a great day pal. Good luck to us good luck to all of us. Okay, don't be so negative now
The Bush Meister he's doing a great job. He's pissed off. He's fired up. He hates that Kim all jing-ching whatever that guy's name is
Hahaha that was quite an alarming peace lies that on 60 minutes and it goes to show that a guy like Bob Woodward who pretends to be this great journalist
He'll do anything to pedal a book he don't give a crap he'll do anything. He'll say anything
He'll kiss any ass just to sell some books
262 votes on air if the 2004 presidential election pits president Bush against Al Gore I vote for Bush 95
I vote for Gore 80. It's tightening up a little bit. I blow my brains out 46
I leave the country 21 I wouldn't vote at all 20 that's the lay of land right in the there
I mean is that really the best we can do was that the best we can do last time
Good god Jimmy Carter and Jerry Ford
Seriously, I know stop and think about that for a sec I remember
Scary you know thanks given's coming everybody's blocking to be home together again
Get that around the table with delicious homemade food family traditions after all
It's not the turkey that makes the meal special
It's the people and the cranberries and stuffing getting ready for the hungry guest can be stressful
Especially if the people are staying overnight if you're having a house full for Thanksgiving let dial amatris make your holiday
Preparations a little bit easier now's the time to call 1 800 mattress and get you that new mattress in before the house guests get there
If they ever be totally that they're coming or even if you don't hear from them till the night before
Makes no difference because dial amatris can deliver you a top quality
Surred assert a silly Simmons or King Carl mattress the same day you call them
I've been sleeping on a dial amatris for years and they are the best in the world their deal is unbeatable all the way around
Call by the mattress one right now at 1 800 mattress
Be sure in town that old Neil torny to call by the way or fat boy will be very upset
1 800 mattress and talk turkey with a bed and consultant choose from the very best mattresses and even better prices
So rest easy this Thanksgiving and all year round knowing that everybody will be sleeping comfortably
Give me any for the holidays right now by calling 1 800 mattress
What if Rosie should show up for example
That's 1 800 mattress for dial amatris brand name bed same day service
Call them now be sleeping like a baby tonight and like I told you be sure and tell that Neil and fat boy
Torny to call my
And look this is for 305
That date of quits niff and glued coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
We take a good hard stiff look into startup as we bring you the story of the derosha brothers
Their name may sound like a raw sewage removal company, but they were men without hats
Brother band was me with my brother Stefan on guitar and the older brother calling on keyboard
Tonight we'll play you a rare interview with the brothers from Canada conducted in the early 1980s
By Britain's new musical express reporter Timothy I'm better than you
Right
Men without hats. How did you come up with that name? I don't know me. Do you wear a hat?
No and what about you Stefan? Do you wear a hat?
Colin
So then what both safety that's me I don't know me can we cut this men without hats much like their hit song
They're dumb as a bag of rocks. It's a big juicy shopping wet look at show business tonight on inside the behind
10 33 at 5 60 nobody Q a and tomorrow's gonna be a big day. Well actually Wednesday will be the big day. I don't know why why
You know why Wednesday
230 tomorrow afternoon the trend comes out. Oh, it's right another one of them reading things another trend another book another book another trend and a
bunch of numbers on a bunch of sheets of pages
This one got a diary this one didn't have a diary and etc and so on
289 votes on a poll if the
2004 presidential election pits president bush against al Gore uh, I vote for bush 103
I vote for gourd 90 it's getting tight
35.6% 31.1% and the returns are still being counted and some made up
I blow my brains out 49 I wouldn't vote 26 and I leave the country
21 all right. I might leave the country
Oh like y'all he says I'm already out of the country
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Fort Lauderdale
That's it Miami Springs. Hello
What we got a spade of these now is this the new deal nobody in Miami Springs
Here's Miami. Hello
Hello. Yes sir
Yeah, hi. I'm at university. Miami
I'm so sorry. I know right
I'm just calling you probably certainly wouldn't remember me but I'm the guy who came by with a friend of mine a couple years ago
We dropped you off uh, refer madness and the billhick city. Oh sure
But I certainly wouldn't expect you to remember us specifics anyway. The reason I'm calling is I had a microbiology class here
less semester at UM and
Our teacher was just pissed off and fired up about how amazingly powerful
biological weapons are and how they're totally ignored and anyway point of story is um late 80s
They had lots of proof and information that a rat had
The estimated total of 19,000 liters of Botox toxins and of course we all know BT toxin
You know they're all stuffed in in their face here and anywhere else they can get a chance to
But um it is the most poisonous material on earth
It works on neurological pathways
Uh, and of course they never found a droplet and just like you said you know you give them time to hide it
It's gonna be disappearing. Oh the whole concept is stupid. Yeah, that's ridiculous
Absolutely 19,000 liters though. That is enough
If if not just add a
Erisol if it's if it's done in a very direct contact which is a little out of hand if it's done in that manner
It is enough BT to kill the entire population of the earth
The entire population of the earth now of course the air is all it and it's not exactly a perfect
You know installation of the body that's not gonna kill everyone on earth
But but as you can see it's a very scary kind of thing
But it's just it's so ignored and and the reason my teacher was so pissed off fired up is these kind of these kind of
Attack mechanisms these biological weapons are so cheap and they're so easy to hide
There's a thousand ways to hide and and he'd mentioned to us on a daily basis about this kind of thing
In any way, so I just wanted to support you and what you're saying and as a final comment
I hate the calls the groups serve the people are idiots
I can't believe you were forced to listen to these idiots and waste you know, I'm out of ten calls
Five of them are for on the don't speak a word and I'm so sorry you have to go through the
I don't have to I'm choosing to do it. I can do whatever now. I want that so one thing
I'll say for this place is they don't tell me what to do
But you know you take the pool and 40% of the people say oh well we like to cause it improves the show
I'm based based on what I mean you've got something to say but of the people we've talked through today
I say so far maybe three people have had something to say and the rest of Marlach either they're you know
Making little noises or they're not there or they're playing with themselves or playing with a phone or they got something in there
You know, whatever and that's it. That's the instead of their off of South Florida never gonna change
Absolutely and I totally understand where you're feeling and I'm so sorry. I gotta go with it
I know you have your own choices, but God damn it people give them the boats
Tiffy's idiots off the call
Please let us let us listen to what's going on in the world. Okay, spin
Again, the old love what you're there. Hey, I'll try and have a great life and do a fast because it won't sound too promising
It's another good reason to be stirring that hornets nest like George says
Okay, go go and get that broomstick out and start stirring up the hornets and I could hard
And see if anything us any crap stirred up you're gonna love in fact
I'm gonna do the break a little bit early because you're gonna love this next to it's from the New York Times
Okay, the bait clubs secret handshakes now public grins. Oh, you'll love this
You might hide under the god damn counter by the time I get done with that can't wait
Well, that guy's right. He's absolutely right and maybe during the course of these days to come
Maybe you'll inform us me and George and Carlos and everybody else listening
What it is that you enjoy so much about these phone calls, huh?
Since this audience is almost adamant
They've got a half call just like the asshole that calls me on Friday. Well, they're paying you a lot of money
That's what they're paying you for to take calls. Guess what?
No, no, they're not
No, they're not
But there's this arrogance among the colors like well, you're taking away our show
It's a we're the ones that yeah, you're the ones that kill us
You're the ones that destroy that butcher that mango that twist that uh, whatever
319 votes the votes are pouring in there for boation for gore and for suicide things like that
Yeah, his appearance last night on 60 minutes was and it wasn't uh
They didn't show the whole interview they just showed clips of it
Well unsettling at best glad I missed it and he's angry and he's fired up and he's pissed off and he hates this one
And he hates that one and hates the evil doers and about the fact that he dominates in these uh, cabinet meetings
He uh, he dominates he doesn't want and he they showed him making the statement about how well when he says something
He doesn't have to explain it to anybody when somebody else is saying yeah when somebody else says something
They might have to explain it to him, but that's one of the perks of being president
He don't have to explain himself to anybody and then he went like that
Would be able to if he had to he went
Couple of times they nobody said what do you mean by that?
Are you like that?
20 to 11 listen, I
You you look at him that's why you don't yeah, you don't need to hear a word
Nope, you don't need to read anything. You don't need to ask any questions
You look at him and that answers everything you want to know his blinking is loud
Don't get me started place. I want to stay calm
Hey, here's a great place you can go if the world is really coming to an end
Why not just go and pick out huh?
Why not just jam it in your post and in your pants and in your skirt at the airmo coast Chinese buffet
Boy you talk about a pleasurable place forget about the worries of the world there
You'll find three locations for you there in sunrise north Miami Beach and their brand new location in Pembert Pines
They've got six different kinds of great soups
In fact, if you're a real pig why not try them all why not they're all great
And they've got dozens and dozens of mouthwatering on trays including Oriental surf and turf on the weekends
New York strip steak made two-year order just the way you like it at the gourmet center
That's a sizzling Asian grill featuring all of these things teriyaki steak shrimp chicken seafood even hand-car primer
Let me say it again
Cooked two-year order and then we'll coast buffet promotes healthy living
There's no crap in any of their food no MSG now that cholesterol oil crap
They use only cholesterol free oils and all their cooking
There are faith features a full salad of our new sushi bar in fresh rim cocktail one requirement
Try to save room for dessert get a crowbar and just shove it in your pants
Because the desserts are sensational there are pies and cakes and pastries and ice cream without your favorite toppings
Fresh fruit include new watermelon. It's a perfect ending to an unforgettable feast
You'll find the emerald coast in sunrise at Pine Island of 44th Street
That's the original soft-water location
Also on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd north Miami Beach and the intersection of flamingo and Pembert Groat in prestigious Pembert Pines
Emermell coast except reservations take out delivery available to in fact because Richard
He's over there in the sunrise Richard is from Toronto
When you go in there say how do leaves do an A and he'll just still probably kick you out call 954 57238
22 that's 954 5 7 2 3 8 22 check out the no-reaniel chicken salad to it the Emermell coast Chinese buffet. It'd be the best
Five and local
This is five sixty
The radio's all yours
You
Can't think of the name of that stuff it's
Ah, it's just completely slipping my mind. What is it called?
I can't I know it's like a disease. It's like a disease or something that
Oh, I can't think of the name
Would you shut up your stupid duck I'm trying to read my mail anthrax now available nation what he shouldn't just ask Rummy
Amtrak he knows what it is
1046 and 560 WQ and before I get to that story that because I want to have time to strap yourself in
All right, here's an even better one in a different way man slash the argument over Harry buttocks
Harry who?
This is in one of the Brit publications by the little course
Leave it to them to be making fun of us wait till I get to that royal scandal rape story
Amanda in the US was allegedly sliced with a knife after arguing with a friend over who had the heriest buttocks
Police say Emanuel Nievez and Eric separator were talking with friends in Mansfield Township, New Jersey about their bums when the conversation began heated about their bums
Don't you love those brits?
It's alleged Nievez got soft said he pulled an iphone slash mr. separator on the head
Mr. Separators in good condition ever being treated a hackett's down hospital
Nievez is being held on 25,000 dollars bond charges against them include aggravated assault terrorist threats weapons offenses and criminal mischief all over who's got the heriest buttocks who's got the heriest ass
whole
Here we go the bait club secret handshakes now public rinsed yesterday's New York Times
In the early days of the Bush administration allegiance to the conservative debate club known as the federalist society
Was declared almost in a whisper
A nominee for a top justice department post-billed by a democratic senator last year about his membership in the society
Professed that he had no idea what its politics were
Judicial nominees mean while scrambled to disavow positions they had taken before the society as critics attacked its influence in the White House members
Complaint of McCarthyite smear tactics
But it's if membership in the federalist society was once a source of controversy this week it became cause for a coming out party
As several thousand members at the groups 20th anniversary conference
Revelled in its growing influence in the Bush administration in the wake of the Republicans swept elections
A three-day conference that concluded today at the Mayflower Hotel in Washington meaning yesterday looked at times less than a private law conference
They just as department retreat
No fewer than 12 senior justice department officials including John asked cropped himself and half his ten top ranking assistant attorneys general
Gave speeches and intended seminars to give their decidedly conservative views about terrorism
Religious freedoms and other issues law professors lawyers lobbyists and society members from around the country shared coffee and White House shaped cakes
With cabinet members and talk legal shop with conservative icons like justice Antonin Scalia
Can't the W's star the whitewater prosecutor and former judge Robert Bork
Despite a budget of 3.2 million dollars and nearly 30,000 members the federalist society does not stake out official positions
Or endorse candidates it does not bring lawsuits or file legal briefs what it does organize who say is promote dialogue about
Constitutional principles and the law
Along the way it is attracted conservative admirers throughout the Bush administration in the federal judiciary
Much of these chagrin of liberal critics who say it has achieved too influential a behind-the-scenes role in governing
David and McIntosh a Washington lawyer and co-founder of the society said this week's conference line up was the most impressive
He could remember
Six months or so ago Mr. McIntosh said these societies members sometimes felt as they were under interrogation by the communist honey house on American activities committee for their beliefs
But with wider exposure and more sympathetic ears he said the group now sees a greater chance than ever before to influence legal policy
Especially in bringing like-minded jurists to the federal bench
That is what has these societies critics so worried especially with the prospect of several openings on these supreme courts
The Dean Strassen president of the ACRU sparred with a system attorney general Michael Chertoff and other conservative lawyers at a federalist society debate on a Friday
On the impact of the war on terrorism and American civil liberties miss Strassen invited as a contrarian liberal voice was in the clear minority
These societies done a lot to advance public debate
She said but it's very dis spiriting to me as a civil libertarian that the very conservative pro-government wing is really taken over not just the group
But in a way our justice system
Federalist society members once ticklish about such a tax seem to delight in them at this week's conference as mr
Ascrop solicitor general Ted Olson and others lampooned the liberal voices who dread the group's influence
There are some who would paint the federalist societies a nefarious underground cabal with secret handshakes and blood oats
Mr
Ascrop deadpan then his audience cackled he added I called you all here because I want to know who squealed
Another common theme at the conference beyond the self-peridies and surefire punchlines and bill and Hillary Clinton's expense
Was a sense of awe and wonderment over how far the group had come
The federalist society started 20 years ago as a loosely cobbled network of conservative groups
Rebellion against what we're seeing is ultra liberal student and faculty bodies that places like year law school
We called mr. Bork a former law professor
Today the society's got 140 law school chapters and 60 lawyers chapters and membership has grown by
People in last year as its fame has spread said these societies present at Eugene Meyer
Who would have thought 20 years ago just as Scalia said at these societies black tagila on Thursday that the little organization of students had a couple of law schools
Would have evolved today to a power of such proportions pausing he said it could have been a grand flop
How do you like that? I'm not
lovely
And america's sleeping baby. How about those ball games man? Let's get to the important stuff like oh Jay good segue. Thank you
Totally we had a good oj story today and it's from the globe so it might be partially true
oj by seven thousand dollar boobs to make lover look like Nicole
Oj Simpson is shown honorily and by the way good morning oj
Oj Simpson is shown under the seven thousand dollars to boost his much younger girlfriend boobs
Say inside is while still owing millions to the families of Nicole Brown Simpson among Goldman from their wrongful debt civil suit
To celebrate the monumental occasion
Simpson 55 and Christy protee embarked on a boo-soaked vignette mommy beach. I wouldn't this is say
The 27 year old blonde proudly beard her new breasts
Which the disgrace football hero bragged her at least one cup large size
One cup size larger and even loud a fellow patron to stab a picture of her new treasure chest
Christy has definitely had a boob job insistent insider
She's telling everyone she has and she couldn't be happier
Oj wanted her with bigger breasts and he's telling people that that's the way he likes his women
blonde white blue eye and big boobs
Last browns cousin Ralph Bauer. He's not doing it for his girlfriend
He just wants to make her into the next Nicole
He wants somebody who looks like her to be Nicole. I hope she doesn't eventually and up like Nicole
In other words, they
Sources say Simpson and protee launched their day of drinking last month around noon at a famous mommy beach waterfront bar restaurant called
Motties, but they really got wild and crazy later at playwright a local Irish pub
You know playwright? No, thank you better get with it
They were bombed said one eyewitness Christy said Oj had just paid for her to get breast implants
And she was quite happy to show them to everyone. She was really proud when she exposed herself
Oj was just smiling to see the bruises from the surgery
And while he lost his 1968 husband award is the best college football player in the Coles of State
Simpson was strutting like a rooster over his gall pals trophy bust judging by another playwright
Customers remarks
According to Oj says the second eyewitness
Christy wanted bigger breasts for a long time and he finally decided to get them for her
He told me I've always liked big-tested blondes
Anyway, I couldn't believe Oj said that. He seemed really proud of the whole thing
He told me to cost him a few grand and she went up at least one cup size
The second source says Simpson and protee were guzzling brinks
noting that Oj ordered shot after shot of age whiskey at 20 bucks of pop
After they each had more than a few he stunned people by talking Christy into pulling up for new top
And showing off her new breasts. He said they're beautiful. Let them see what I bought. He laughed and then she did
A third eyewitness notes the more Christy drank the wilder she became she was talking about her new breast and rubbing them
Then she began grabbing the breast of other females in the bar all the while Oj was laughing and didn't discourage her
And then there's a picture. I told you about this picture of him with his phony breasts
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm
This is worth seeing. I've done paid 17 of this week of the November 26th globe
So I've seen that just just that picture alone. I'll go get it next month
When it comes out there right at one point outrageous Simpson spotted a Halloween costume with fake breasts in the bar
Slip them out of her shirt and I've seen he pulled them out for protein other patrons to lick the fake nipples
And that's what the picture is
When he did it everyone was laughing said the first eyewitness, but it was revolving to watch really sick
While Oj's attorney Elke Lander tells globe Christy doesn't have any breast implants. It didn't happen
Experts say there's little doubt she's had a boob job
You can see the border of the implant and the slight tucker at the nipple where the incision was made
It's in the New York plastic surgeon Dr. Bruce Nadeler. They look like two half grapefruit sort of exaggerated bay watch
Look which I don't like because it's not natural. He said and certified cosmetic surgeon doctor
Al Ali MD of the University of Iowa points out the whole bill could reach seven grand a fact that's got the brown and
Goldman families furious
Simpson moved to Miami two years ago to escape California's tough bankruptcy laws after he lost that civil suit
Was ordered to pay three and a half million dollars for the 1994 debts of brown and goldman
Oj seconds me rages browns cousin Rothbauer
He owes the family millions of dollars
But instead of paying them he turns around and spends thousands to buy his girlfriend some breasts
This is typical of the guy. He doesn't show any remorsement of Cole's death. All he does is buy boob for his girlfriend
How do you like that? Huh?
You want to see a big boob Oj just looking at mirror that's all you have to do you idiot you scumbag you low life and have a great day
By the way, do you tell me the weather's pretty crappy again?
Oh, I don't know what it is lately because I sure hope it don't interfere with OJ's golf game, you know
Oh, man
Yeah, I don't want to mess up your golf game OJ
Because we want to make sure that you're having a great amount of pleasure in South Florida where every scumbag sooner later
Fines his way
354 votes on a pool if the 2004 presidential election puts pits president bush against Al Gore
I think the pits was the operative term there
I vote for bush 133 37 and a half percent
I both for Gore 110 31 percent
Even in this audience which it may be getting stacked there, you know what I'm saying?
What are you getting a few a few ringers in there?
I blow my brains out 56 I wouldn't vote 29. I leave the country 26
As the moderate rational people of America if they're any of them left
They just kind of sit back a little bit like this just like on election day and the boots just keep stopping and marching
And we're gonna go blow up this one and we're gonna blow up that one and tell what the consequences, you know
We need that oil real bad
1056 at 560 wqa. I'm Tom Layman and howl at potty fgmc are proud of what ounce the great neo-roger's Neil deal 0% sale
That's right with the proof credit from gmac gets zero down payment and 0% financing on all
2002 and 2003 potty fngmc models plus zero payments for 90 days. Let me sit again zero payments for 90 days or
Take a rebate of up to five grand and as always at howl at zero hassles
Don't forget to mention you heard about it here on the neo-roger show and save even more when you mention the Neil deal
Check out the complete line of gmc SUVs including that snappy on boy the
SUV of the year according to motor train magazine and the new Pontiac vibe SUV that's got the power of big fancy sports car
Howl's also got a tremendous selection of used cars trucks and SUVs and credit problems never a problem and howl
We're always sure they're gonna cut your deal
But right now it's the great neo-deal 0% sale at howl at potty ac
134 oh one south dixie highway that's us one across from the falls open every day of your life seven days a week
Call the neo-deal hotline for more information toll-free one eight eight five three four forty two eleven
That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven for howl at potty ac gmc who be professional grade depend on it
We're sports radio five six you a yeah
This is five six
I'm gonna look up you a
Yeah
As you see
Oh, yeah, yeah you two will be have a good day of paradise okay
There get lost your pocket part of me
Hey you how it David yeah, that's right star-stage screen and paradise say you look like we'll chamblin
That's
Yeah, but you're dead
Oh
What do you want to what do you want to what do you want to what do you want to
Here's off the merchandise
What did you require of me I require you drop your pants now and I see here right now
I hope you don't go and drop it out of here you like it
How bad doing okay on the trunk here is that nice that said
Oh
We like the peak
See that's kind of nice
Where you going don't I get it dinner
We'll chamblin
level two at five sixty wdq. I'm happy Monday too
We got the a gymman its world famous show one o'clock today
Boo Shobby for the Humper is on his way back from the west coast
booga be doing a show from wf a in the New York aren't you impressed about that?
And then you got that more with boog five to six o'clock, which is part of that whole let's kill an easy hour thing
630 to 830 it's her a cool hotline the big oh
830 to 10 80k 10 from GA and 10 to what is it two to six to morning it's your own mark
What's the story with that are they like look at that again this 3rd day night they're off to what is that all about we heard transmitter maintenance or something like that
Oh seriously what is that no seriously what do you mean transmitter maintenance every Thursday night
This is like the third or fourth week in a row they've been doing that
Well the transmitter maintenance was Bob remote doing peeing on the tower something
I guarantee you that night in Amsterdam man he would have climbed up there and peed all over the tower
He was just swat
Out of his mind, which is why I kept talking about screw in and and
Screw in it was great. I wish I would have had a little tape recorder
Wait till you hear this this may make you crap your pants if that other story didn't do it about the secret handshake
Or something like that you asked media giant eyes capital radio. This is from the bdc
The world's biggest radio company clear channel is reported to be planning a bid for two of the UK's biggest commercial radio stations
Hey, they're like a giant octopus spreading all over the world extending their testicles and everybody's a backyard
The American owned firm is said to be interested in buying London's capital radio along with the national station classic FM
Queer channel owns 2000 radio stations in the west and is valued at 24 billion dollars
Ah 24 billion dollars in their cutting corners man
They're cutting corners, which is why what's his name your buddy in the morning is looking for a job on our station Paul Pauly boy
You seen them lately not lately. I thought you ran into with the a sawgrass you're the night
It already has radio interest in the UK with stakes and businesses including switch digital
But according to the Sunday telegraph it's about to announce the sale of these stakes to clear the way up for a big bid
There's a big one coming baby
Roger Perry chief executive of clear channel. They wonder if he's related to Kinder Roger Crotch
Toil the newspaper clearly we want scale and there's no point buying just one business
You have to have a coherent strategy to allow you to consolidate the industry
Any buyer considering a UK play has to include capital high on their list and potential candidates is the largest and most visibly said
The slide rule has been well and truly we're not working what the assets are worth last week
Shears and capital radio fell sharply after reported that had in annual pre-tax profits had practically cut in a half because of a slump and advertising
Clear channel will be able to bid for the UK radio stations when the government relaxes media ownership rules in the UK
In other words very soon how do you like that pretty soon every goddamn radio station in the world be owned by chief channel every one of them
And people should be the program director very be one of them
And you and everybody in the world can like take their radio out and get a goddamn my medax and just rip it to shreds and then burn the remains of it have a big bonfire
Maybe we can get Steve doll from Chicago and we'll bring them all out back to the old Kamiski Park is that still there?
They probably throw that down don't know
Remember they burned all the disco records there they did while we can burn all your radios there once chief channel buys up the whole goddamn dial
And there's nothing left to listen to anymore
What everybody's working for like four bucks in our carlo stinky and making much right now
Just wait till chief channel buys this radio station baby. You're gonna be paying them just to come in the doorway down there
That's right there be a thing just like in a paid toilet
You have to deposit a quarter in there just to get the door to open every morning
Here's North Lauderdale. Hello
Good afternoon. Neil how are you today good evening. How you doing?
I'm doing fine
I drove a camp here for Lauderdale and Proud County and it just goes to show
Just the mentality of the people down here because I talk to people about things
I listen to a lot of different stations and I hear a lot of different things and it seems that Americans truly are jumper than dirt
Because pretty much nobody knows anything that goes on you were just talking about clear channel buying up all of these stations
And it seems like anytime people get in my cabin I hear that I listen to NPR or when I'm listening to you and people
Never know what's going on. They don't know what's going on in the world
He's to live in a cave
And there's one question I needed to ask you and I don't know why somebody mentioned it in one of the trade papers
Is there anything going on other than NPR being so for somebody?
Did we hear that story during this time?
Yeah, it's something about the religious one of the TBN or one of those buying
Oh that's what that was about these born again Christian fanatics that are buying up all these NPR small market stations right
Also that how could you buy something that's not for profit?
No, no they're buying up the stations that carry the programming not all of them
But just in a lot of markets a lot of cheap stations that carry NPR's programming. They're just buying that
We're off-read in the Christian coalition right high Roberts and all those go in right
All right
It's it's just I don't understand it Neil because like I said I speak to a lot of people in the car
And it seems that most people nobody could stand
GW what's going on in this country and I really don't understand what the hell they take these holes
Wonder but the public is pulling on a neural man. Roma is burning in their fiddling. They're sitting back
You know involved in a bunch of idiotic crap that they think is very important to them
And they have no concept unless there are people who are traveling you know traveling people who get around the world and go places
But other than that the rest of the people don't even know where these countries are on the map that we're talking about in the news every day
You know it's so funny because I bring up things and I speak to people and I have some Republicans
Why your Republican? Why did you vote what you did? Yeah, and I bring up the press got pushed in the union bank and everything
Yeah, and nobody even hears anything and they keep on going oh well Joe Kennedy did this Joe Kennedy to that bill Clinton did this and nobody wants to take you know
Take a look at what these people are doing and this family is evil and it's just like you said
I didn't even have to watch what was said last night and I didn't even have to hear anything as man says
I just look at his eyes and I just look at what he looks like and I finally figured out exactly who he looks like
Yeah, little monkey curious George who my mother used to read me a story when I was a little kid
But the monkey was smarter because he knew what he was chasing after that hat there you go. Okay. Good luck to pal hang in there
You say it was a train monkey something like that a lot of them train monkeys going around these days
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 the hotel you double his women are pool and there's Tom Rage who says feel safe
If you get every airport around this country. Yeah, it's clear about the clown with a big red nose on any barge from dr. Patch Adams
384 votes on a full of the 2004 presidential election pits president Bush against the algorithm
I vote for Bush 142 almost 37% I vote for Gore 122 31.7% I blow my brains out 60 I wouldn't vote 32 I leave the country 28
See now this is deceptive because 63.1% wouldn't vote for Bush. Thought I would have said right
But this is this is the dilemma of the people who are anti-Bush and don't support all this kind of right wing crap
That's going on in this country and that is that we don't know where to turn because Al Gore sure ain't the answer
Because he already proved he couldn't win a fixed election
Well, right? It's the other way come on now. No, he couldn't win a fixed election. It was fixed and he couldn't win it
And a fact of the matter is he's gotten worse instead of better you watch him now
You watch him now. He's more wooden than ever
He's a caricature of himself and with all the respect of that jackass and plantation that sent me that bitchie fax a couple of weeks ago
If you can't handle the truth too bad don't be blaming anybody else blame that emocratic party just like this last election
That a golden opportunity right there in her hands and then they blew it
Speaking of people going off the deep end
There's a Cheryl seal column which I'm not going to read it on the air
It was written just a deer two after Paul wellstone died in that plane crash
Yeah, in which he accuses the Republican party of killing Paul wellstone and also killing um
The former senator from Missouri with that was his name
I forgot
Mel Carnahan oh
See give me about a half a second I can remember my name too
And the similarities of the two how close they were right before the elections and their respective states in misery and
Minnesota
And she's got some interesting points in there and about the right wing lunatics out there and it's true
I'm not going to say that anybody you know killed Paul wellstone
How do we know that but the fact of the matter is that the right wing extremist now control a country and the rest of the public sits back
Hey, what time is the ball game? I know
American people are they have no nothing and the rest of the world laughs at Americans, okay?
I mean, I want some of the designer clothing that Americans are wearing and they may be excited about coming to visit
Disney World for a day or two and then they want to get the hell out and hope they get out alive
They sure as hell don't admire the gun tohton blowing your brains out in Cali in the lack of value on human life
And I'm going to change something here on this radio show that that's why it's so pointless for me sitting here and get all worked
about these things and you press the guy damn buttons on the phone in here
But I like that and well, what does that tell you?
That's our audience man. That's QAM for it. That's the South Florida. Whatever the hell it is
But boy talk about that game yesterday man, but I mean but I'm up
But I'm up they can tell you the right linebacker how many times he picked his nose and how many times
He farted during the game and what flavor it was whether we're strawberry or chocolate or vanilla
We got the experts on that crap
And you want to know why why because if QA and crap
Is our middle name don't you think that would be a great slogan?
Can you just see the advertising campaign for that we're wqa and a crap is our middle name
We specialize in it. It's called crap with the Q I guess as a matter of fact we got crap up the
ass is what we got we got so much of it. Yeah, that's a good idea QRAP
crap
I like it
Maybe when Greg does those billboards for it
Hey, let me tell you right now you've heard us talk about fast train on and on and over and over
A lot of you folks out there are stuck in dead end jobs
I have no idea why when you can get yourself some great training and a fantastic high paying new job while we're all still alive
The fact is simple if you have the medication fast train can provide you with the necessary training to become a certified computer professional
According to time magazine the demand for computer professionals is going to continue to explode
The average student completes the training in just for sure at months attending school three nights a week
Once you complete your certification fast train can help you in getting a brand new computer job
Fast train advice you to come and revisit their train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you
Confast train toll free at one maybe it's finger lakes one eight six six or yankers fast train to set up an appointment
That's one eight six six fast train and with four convenient locations
There's bound to be one close by where you live because there's a fast train and four Lauderdale one in Pemberk Pines
One of my men the newest one in Kendall and don't forget to ask the career counselor for list of students
Just like yourself who are currently in their dream jobs with the great training they got at fast train
Call them today one eight six six fast train
That's one eight six six fast train or check them on the worldwide wicked way that fast train.com
You can be working in a great new high paying job before spring thanks to our friends at fast train
So
When he was living in a house full of books and books
That would drive any head or romance
He got mom and any phone or star or eyes
Do you see me when his own man's car?
Aaron must be tired and a fella bring a coffee
It's for me
No
No
It would not surprise me if that thing just got right all
He was doing it related with our heartbeat
Touching them all from head to feet
Better than the last guy that's no doubt if you want to win his love you just put out
Aaron must be tired and a fella bring a coffee
It's for me
No
No
It would not surprise me if that thing just got right all
I like it in here
But I like to stay like another six years or so
Aaron the fast train is great
Aaron the fast train is forever
Aaron the fast train is having me
Aaron the fast train is having me
Love in 18 at 560 you want to know why I play that why did you play that because in the globe this week slow since I got all these templates here several weeks several months ahead of you
Sex secrets of the bachelor
This is one of the most hysterically amusing abusing stories. I've ever come across so to speak
I tell you from the chin down. He don't look too bad
But then when you see this picture of him with
Who is it?
Whoever the hell she is. He don't look all that good, you know a lot of heavy makeup
And anyway now how do you pronounce his last name Aaron B. U. R. B. U. E. R. G. E. I bet you Carlis when he watches that show
You don't watch that show the bachelor
I haven't seen it once where's
What burge I'm just gonna call me Aaron
Okay
Topless turns and sudsy hot tubs locked embraces in front of a ring fires and wine soaked kisses
These are the sexy secrets that tidal a 15 million viewers and make them tune into the bachelor each week including all three of us not
On TV's favorite guilty pleasure lucky millionaire banker Aaron whatever's last name is where's yet?
I don't want to say burge
Gets his thrills for giving the show's gals plenty of hands-on attention as he leads out the pack of 25
Mirage proposal hopefuls but the 28-year-old hunk has touched off widespread speculation with fans that he was literally giving it
As all in his quest for him is right and had sex with bachelor bets Helene Gwen and brook during a recent show
The episode featured moments of a bridal patch after you squirted them to individual overnight stays in fantasy sweets
It looked like when an Aaron had sex in their fantasy sweet one pure wrote on ABC shows Internet message board. Maybe that's why he dumped her
First you hunker and then you dump her and that what he said yeah another bachelor watcher wrote he spent the night with all three women
How intimate to that night get I noticed in the last scene with sweet brook there was a lot of a shot of her topless in the bathtub
On that date where gay and brook smith a twenty-year-old college student from she's pretty hot by the way brook smith
Oh, and you know who really looks like crap and I don't care what you say I got to stare about her later on maybe
Today or tomorrow I give up Kelly Rippa all right. Oh, she's she's nasty looking man. You must you must be I don't know desperate
Long pass
On that date burger gay and brook smith a twenty-year-old college student from Albertville, Alabama met up for a romantic night in Hawaii
Brook was wild by the sweeten its roaring fireplace
Breeze blown balcony and the sensuous sound of waves crashing on the beach
The scene ended with a couple sharing a steamy foam bath and a hot tub with plenty of kissing and cuddling at one point
The curvy blonde rolled on top of beer-tested bourgeois and viewers were left with the obvious impression that she'd removed her
Top is her beer back was exposed to the camera after the camera stopped rolling on brook and Aaron and the hot tub
The crew had a tough time getting them out of that tub said one insider getting them apart like with a crowbar
They were obviously aroused and very much into the moment
They wanted to stay in there believe me. They weren't just playing the cameras. It was very passionate moment for them
But an exclusive interview brook maintained she kept her top on and nothing happened in the hot tub
She says burger was a perfect gentleman
Soft as a marshmallow she said
On another sleepover burger in 27 year old Helene. Oh, wait to do you hear this name?
Extirke wits okay enjoy a sexy escape and I'm getting that one right by the way a sexy escape and ask been Colorado
The two sabre white wine as they knuzzled in a bubbly hot tub and later they spooned in middle on a couch before a roaring fire
They spoon Jesus God almighty. That's older than most hair piece that word spooned. Yeah
While he's coming clean on his own personal sex secrets courts court and then now wait to do this in a series of shocking
Revelation
Burjad admits he pleasures himself while fantasizing about the sexy bachelorettes. Oh my god
I'd be lying to the night. He says the bachelor boy
Also confesses that he is into kinky bondage and is cheated on his girlfriends
Friends say they were aware of burjays lusty self-satisfying habit long before surprising admission
Before surprising emission
Erwin's expion save Valerie Zelmer told me she caught him in the act late one night when they were living together in Tulsa Oklahoma
One pal tells the globe Valerie said she had gone to bed early
But when Aaron hadn't joined her by midnight she got up and found him sitting in the living room
Pleasuring himself while watching a porn on movie on cable. She was absolutely shocked
But Aaron just told her don't be so uptight. Every guy does it she was shocked
Is this is this is one of those you don't know what to laugh for cry? Yeah
Burjay a senior vice president of his family's bank in Springfield, Missouri as families bank in here to a hundred and eighty five million dollar fortune
Admits he's also into kinky sex and has practiced bondage
I've done it before he says a bondage, but you have to be dating somebody for quite a while before you go there
Unless maybe like your Gary conduit don't go there and while he says he said too long term relationships
He has no qualms about admitting he cheated on his girlfriends in the past back in college. Yes, he says anybody who says they've never cheated
Somebody you can't trust George huh?
That might be something the two remaining bachelor's will want to keep in mind when they buy for the final rose
Oh, he's gonna cut him a rose
Meanwhile, no what no to say by the way a hidden watercolor called and said that that he pronounces it burgi
Burgi, I don't know how much to believe about that. I wonder if he's dating forgy
Burgi and forgy
That might be something the two remaining bachelor's will want to keep in mind by they buy for the final rose
Me on November 11th one online gaming sites has spent a weight-during in the outcome after being hit with the title
Wave of bets from burgi's hometown and stranger enough all the bets were placed on haline
As fans wait to see you burgi chooses their weighing in on their favorites on the shows internet message board
Many have criticized the lean saying other things. She is a Rudolph knows and a whiny gritty voice
Now, let's see is this haline. Oh look at that. She is skaky looking man. She's nasty and
Quite frankly him in this picture they make a good couple. He looks like Joseph Gackie here
From the chin down like he said he's a pretty good
Got a great body, but boy sure plays a mean chin ball from the chin up
It's a summer betting that these school psychologists from Gloucester City, New Jersey's gonna end up the last woman standing
It's gonna be hilly and wrote one view on positive about that
that great
No, I'm touched page
Page 25 if you want to see in fact when you go into the supermarket just pick up the globe and pay to your first look at OJ with his breasts and
Then take a look at haline and
burgi fruggy
Aaron
In the in the picture in the circle on the picture. We sit down in a chair
You know, I mean you can make anybody look good picture in a bathtub. He looks damn good
Okay, both pictures in a bathtub, but then you don't see his head in the one and she looks she is scabby
Oh, it's me. Now, why do you like what's your name?
Kelly Ripper Kelly Ripper. I'm gonna rip a one. I get a chance. I'll tell you that right now
She is nasty, all right. Well, there's a whole series in other words like here
You can find one picture of almost anybody that looks good except us. You know what I'm saying? No, I understand that phenomenon
Never the less, but in her case I can't find one
Here's Miami. Hello. Let me take a call. Please. All right. How do you know? Nobody on here? Hello? Yeah, hey, Neil
I thought it was kind of funny while you were reading about oh jay one of my cats is licking his up his up the other cats
I thought that was kind of
Interesting, but I wanted to comment on how they they talk about not letting the Haitians in because of national security
But how many Haitians have been coming Cuban spies that have been put in jail? Good point
I'm already ever do is talk about the Cuban's wet foot drive foot, but they constantly know they
Did you say wet back a wet foot?
whichever one you choose yeah, and
Well the Haitians don't have any political cloud ban in addition to which the most important thing of that last episode down
Her a couple of weeks ago was the fact that here we are. We're on heightened
Security alert. We're like peeing in our pants. We're waiting for these spectacular attacks and a coast guard can't catch anybody with both hands
How do you like that?
They were afraid to vote my capsize and somebody might drown it. Oh
Man and the public to let me tell you
Republican parties got a right man
They're playing right to this stupidity the American public and they they got him by the short hairs. They they know exactly where it's at
We're good. You're either with us or against us. Everybody else is the evil doors and you're with us or against this
And let's go kick some ash and show them whose boss and then that's it in Perkin public loves it
They're waving their flags there, you know doing their thing. They're eating their buffets
420 votes on a pool if the 2004 presidential election pits president Bush against Al Gore I vote for Bush 156
Gore 138 I blow my brains out 61 I wouldn't vote 35 and I leave the country 30 out of 420 vote
You know traveling today speaking to leave in the country can really be stressful
Especially when you go to the airport. Oh brother
You have to start looking for a place to park you got 4,000 police want to check your insides and outsides and when you find a park in spot
It's usually a long-sleeve to where you have to go
National limos can change all of that for you. What these folks are great. They're doing a super job for me
They'll arrive at your location on time in a new sedan limo van
Whatever you need to take you where you have to go. It's hassle-free
National limos not only takes care of your transportation here, but anywhere in the world
So when you arrive at your destination national limos will be there waiting for you call national limos at their toll free number
1 877
3 7 6 3 200 if you don't like to fly commercial airlines and we can sure understand why
National limo aviation department can arrange the safest private aircraft for your travel worldwide and for your sports fans out there
There's no better way to get to and from the game than and get one of national limo super stretch limos
Electionry coaches while everybody else is in their cars fighting traffic
If you're looking for way to get to the airport the gamer just in around town call national limos and especially with the holidays
Come a lot of people gonna be
Party time let them do the driving the safe way for you
Call national limos toll free at 1 877
3 7 6 3 200 be sure and tell them that Neil torny to call to get you 10% off on your first airport service or a free hour of chartered limousine service
1 877 3 7 6 3 200 for national limo
My life and local career sports radio 560
You a you a
M
Oh my god
Guess what those crazy foreign chemical plants have been hiding it's no secret any longer
Introducing new spam tracks the luncheon meat with a killer taste. What do you think of new spam tracks?
Killer trying on pizza
Not shows
Or make a sandwich
Hey what happened to all the spam tracks? Oh, oh guess I wasn't fast enough. There it goes
New spam tracks the luncheon meat with a taste that's
With a taste that's
Come on wake up people with a taste. They're what?
Oh
Tag man not recommended for human or animal consumption
1132 at 560 wdqm happy Monday to it. I thought it's clouded up a little bit now, and I'm a little depressed
It'll change you think we think I'm really depressed. It's a joke. It's just a joke in fact
It's a bombing 32 degrees already. That seems as mostly cloudy on my city post 24 mostly cloudy and what oh look at that three
Which is like 37. Oh, what's wrong with that
And tomorrow next three days in a row. We got a few showers a little bit of sunshine and six every day
Which is like 40 what is that 43 colon height?
A heat wave which will melt all of this nice snow. You got to see how nice this looks like how to picture postcard
Right, I mean mostly you don't want to be dirty in the middle of it. Huh until it gets dirty
But it isn't gonna get dirty because it's all gonna wash away
See you're trying to make a negative out of something positive mister typical that's typical George for you
No wonder he's a turning gay Thursday
Any more of those calls today yet by the way?
No, not yet not yet. Well make make sure to call in and let us know to look at that calendar already
Okay, because it's gonna be it better be damn good and don't forget the ratings coming out at 2 30 tomorrow
The trends which we'll have on Wednesday. We're gonna examine and we're gonna like over with a microscope with a fine tooth comb those trends
I've got to we can waste at least three hours on Wednesday with that and then of course we got that big noon to one hour
Sounds like a plan to meet on it sounds great. Here's plantation. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, ma'am
Good morning, Neil. Good morning George. Hey, I don't care what the temperature is
I am so jealous that you're up there and we're down here
Really and if you saw the movie bowling for Columbine I haven't see I haven't seen you
I'm moving to Canada overnight. Right. That's right
It is um
You know what the one the one word I used to describe it civilized
Well, even they have a scene. Well, there's so many great scenes
But they had a scene where they were
interviewing some teenagers that look just like our teenagers
You know the girl has the blue hair they got the nose rings and everything and Michael Moore says to them
You know don't you ever get mad at your friends?
Doesn't anybody ever piss you off? You know and they go yeah, he goes but we don't we don't just go out and shoot him like you do
It's really funny
But uh that movie will scare the hell out of it
Anybody even if you don't totally agree with Michael Moore and all of it, you know
He's like really anti-war under any circumstances. We'll go for him
But um, he's got a great interview with Charlton Heston where Charlton Heston just gets up and walks
And he's like following out and he goes just look at the picture and look at the picture
It's about you know something that was killed by guns. Oh, no, he's so arrogant and Dick Clark. You'll hate Dick Clark
Seeing this movie. I'll hate dick
Yeah, I
You'll see if I want to say something. I didn't even know Dick Clark was in a movie. What what what is a
Dick Clark happened to own these businesses that paid very very low wages to these welfare to work people
Yeah, and his companies were getting kickbacks from the guy
Well that that was the story in the Michigan, right?
I think it was where the little six-year-old killed of five-year-old and the father was getting on a bus every day and
Working two jobs 70 hours. Yeah, they they were talking about that when he was on with Donahue
Oh, I missed that show, you know because they preempted it because of sniper thing. Yeah, that was about a month ago
And uh, I missed seeing him on that. Yeah, it was great
But um last night and 60 minutes. I want to say something else about the people that are stupid out there not paying attention to the government
Okay, the show they had on I know you watch 60 minutes did you see the whole thing? No, I just saw the part about bush
Oh
Yeah, I don't have to explain to anybody. I love that
Um, they had about the insurance companies and how these insurance adjusters are supposed to like deny certain
percentage of claims so the company can be more profitable
So they have to go back and certain you know claims that are
They don't go by the merit of the claim and whether it's justified. They just keep rejecting it to make more money
And the fact that bush wants to push all these conservative judges in decor that are so pro business pro-terrant company will affect middle class people
not a catch it on
But it's true all these little tiny subtle things that they're doing
Effects our lives because if we have an insurance claim plus effect that bush doesn't want us to sue for more than 500,000
If anything should happen to us you know our help
Well, these are all the things that the democrats should have been screaming about before this last election
But because they're all such a bunch of cowards, you know, they're sitting there
Suckin wearing
Yeah, no clear voice and nobody stands up and says yes, we should do this
We need another party we need a party with balls in this country. We don't have one
Yeah, but then they'd have to be four parties
Yeah, because there's plenty of countries that have that many and more because you have to somebody that's ultra conservative
Ultra-level somebody that's you know to push the more to the center
Well, good luck to us. We are. I'm having a great time right here. Not paying the attention to politics
I'll write your name on the wall. Hey
See you bye-bye five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line
Civilized not brutal not murderous not everybody's got guns
And like I said there's been an epidemic of shootings here with the certain ethnic groups
Which you don't want to say they color their skin here lately
But they've had in the black community here in fact they had prayer services in the black churches here over the weekend
To try to bring some of these people to their senses then it turns out there was a guy named heavy D and it was
It was an ordered hit from like somewhere down in the west and a guns are getting shipped in here and guess what
And this is not controversial. This is just a matter of fact
The more guns there are around the more people are gonna get shot. How do you like that? What a concept?
Isn't that revolutionary you think that's a highly debatable point? No
No, and I don't hear anybody up here screaming in the oven about the fact that everybody doesn't have an arsenal of weapons
Nobody's howl around about that
So
Part of the psychosis of the American mentality this obsession this love affair with guns. Let me say it again the more guns around more people get shot and killed
The more kids that pick them up and wind up oh
Tommy's dead stuff like that
Is there any controversy about that?
Nope, but don't you be saying that?
Because those gun people come right down on your ass mr
Don't mess with don't you f with their first amendment the second or whatever the hell amendment it is
Second even though the I know what it is I know what it is don't be correct in me mr. Oh, you'll be on a mojo Thursday
446 votes on a poll with the 2004 presidential election pits president Bush against the algorithm
I'd vote for Bush 167 you say that to which I say
148 say I vote for gourd which I say
I
Blow my brains out 63 to which I say we'll bring your flowers
I wouldn't vote 36 I believe the country 32. I think I think I voted for that because you know
I'm always out of the country good idea man excellent idea
21 till noon, but I tell you one thing this show is flying by here today. Why not? I don't know isn't it
All the great calls no, we had a few calls that were okay
It's just it's just the nature of the beast man's the market
They're just aren't a lot of good calls out there and that's why that kind of radio
That's why I had to change the show years ago because that kind of radio
Die that topical oh, let's talk about capital punishment. Let's argue about abortion. You know that crap
I went out with knickers
And as a result we have sports talk now sports holes mindless assholes arguing about ball games and who's rated number one
Now about the hercunes and and the pit panthers and about this and about that and but it'd be but a but uh
Yeah, it's one thing that would joy sports is nothing to be obsessed by to be overcome by it
But you know something now that I think about it aren't we blessed?
To be up here in Toronto. I mean some of us
Even though the maple leaf stink and the raptors stink and the argos got their asses kicked by Montreal and the
Playoffs here in the CFS today and we're still blessed
I go out on the street and I say to everybody are we blessed? They look at me like only must be an American
The lights of west bokeh your low-carb sugar free actions that super stores a terrific new selection of low-carb cookies
That's right 14 different cookies from three different bakers and all of them are delicious and low in carbohydrates
So if you're trying to lose weight on that kids are any other low-carb that you're gonna want to try all of these peanut butter chocolate chocolate chip
Lemon coconut all sugar for your low-carb and of course everything in the store is either sugar for your low-carb
Which is why delights is so popular with people who are desperate to lose weight
Especially on the atkins diet and don't forget it delights you can sample into their products
You can try them before you buy them check out the new low-carb bread
It's called simply low-carb bread spread some of that new La Nuba jam on it and you've got a great low-carb breakfast
And don't forget as your official atkins.retail center the lights of west bokeh sells every atkins brand product at 25% off today
Tomorrow next sockets every day of your life
So if you really want to lose that way get healthier
These are the people who can't be get on the right road to good health open 10 till 10 every day on the corner of blades
And 441 in prestige is snooty bokeh call toll free one 877 low-carb
How's PD Lenny doing by the way just fine
You see him lightly this morning. Oh, geez call one 877 low-carb one 877 low-carb
We're check them out on the web at lowcarb.com
And when you go in there be sure and tell me that PD Lenny sent you by to the lights of west bokeh
And this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers
Hello and welcome aboard to ensure your safety
Please listen to the following instructions. Please do not worry about your seatbelt
Tray tables or seat backs being in their full upright and locked positions
Instead we'd appreciate it if you would take a moment to look around the cabin of the other passengers
If anyone looks shifty
Extremely nervous or is praying silently please bring them to the attention of a flight attendant
Now take a moment to locate the nearest exit
Did the shifty looking praying person look at the exit?
If not please bring them to the attention of the flight attendant in the event of unexpected turbulence
Oh, he really cares about that anymore
Thank you and enjoy your flight
And thank you so much and I'll pass on the cashews
1145 remember that story we were talking about just before the show today. I said we won't have time for that
Yeah about the double murders right well you'll be uh the horrendous story
But this is now with the gun this is with the baseball bat
So I guess when people are angry enough and when they're uncivilized enough they'll find somebody to kill each other for a Miami
This is on a Sunsendle website
A 17-year-old boy was charged this morning with using a baseball bat to beat to death his cousin and girlfriend
They police said
Jonathan no doubt of Northwest 14th court in Miami was charged with two counts of first degree murder and is being held without bond in a juvenile assessment center
Killed in the Sunday evening attack in a house in the
119 hundred block of Southwest 102nd court were just in Morayhan 19 of Southwest 102nd court home and his girlfriend 16-year-old Karen
Irbina a Kelly and high student who lived in Southwest 128th court
Investigators said no, Dell was helping Morayhan a cousin and recent Krolo re-fi graduate and Irbina paint inside a house around 6 p.m
When he picked up a bat for some reason it killed Morayhan when Irbina tried to stop him
He also be heard of that police said no reason was given for the murders
Now see to me this is unacceptable
Yeah, you know I'm saying
Yeah, it's not acceptable and yet this goes on every single day. This is the way
And I'm not saying it's only in the U.S. But they're sure as a hell of a lot of it
Maybe the whole country needs a big anger management class
Maybe that's what it is we could put it on TV and make it required watching every night
Right like you know they talk about that 7-8 hours family viewing time or whatever and I like all that
Maybe between 7-8 after supper they can strap everybody in and like have anger management
You know lock up the weapons put away the baseball bat and the calm everybody's asked down a little bit
Maybe make them take it in school or something
pathetic
Here's Miami. Hello
O'Goneal. Yes, sir. How are you sir great?
Sensation is George on is George on or what he's on drugs. I know George. I want to tell you something you're the man
And I'm gonna tell you why I'm a spick like you are
But you have to take it easy
Hey, but
When they fuck with us
You gotta be cool
Okay, great that was excellent. What's he talking about? I have no idea
He said when the F with us you gotta be cool. You're the man. Okay. Yeah
So there's our first big contribution today, which I had to dump because he used the F word, okay
5 6 7 he sounded like one of the chronics. It sounded like a very familiar voice to me a little intro here too
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on where the hell is this show going to today man? We got like it's almost noon already
I'm not complaining you understand right maybe it's because I feel like alive
You know, I was saying that to somebody over the weekend on the phone. I was talking to some poor slob that's been down there
I guess it was my mother and
About the fact that you feel when you're in this kind of weather you feel more alive
Oh sure you gotta put on a little extra layer of clothing. We're heavy coat when you go out, but but you feel like
You're alive. It's invigorating. Right when you're in that heat you feel like you want to roll into a corner
Like you just ate a gigantic buffet and you want to roll over to the corner in a hibernate like a bear for about a week
You know you have no energy
But it's invigorating and you go out into the mess. I grant you they're gonna be some days when you're gonna say
Jesus Christ we're freezing our ass off here. That's coming
But you know, it's just the way it is
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and don't you be effing with that guy to just call either whatever you just said
But don't be effing with that's pick
Okay, I see I would I would have loved to find out what the hell he was talking about
But wasn't it the you nailed that he was in coherent. I wasn't the ever gonna find a second time right here's Merimar. Hello
Neil what's going on how you doing sir you watch 60 minutes last night? Yes, I don't know if you notice but Andy Runey on his desk
He had a wily cocoa Bob Bob a head doll. Did he really I didn't I don't watch Andy Runey the eyebrow getting the way my enjoyment
That's you have a good one now. Okay
Larry cocker, but you know something you might just have had it too for all we know
No, I didn't want to I do have it on tape though. There's the good news for us. So I taped it
Now what that was I watched you know, that's right it started late again because the football and I was getting ready to watch
The I was watching a little bit of hockey or something that was getting ready to watch the patriots lose the open last night
So I watched part of the tape, but I got it in tape. I'm gonna go in here watching Andy Runey right now as a matter of fact
How do you like that and also the segment about the insurance server buffs?
Why George finishes the show because what did that guy say spits of a feather got to stick together something like that
Well, I know what he was talking about. He was talking about it. Just dawned on me the calls about the Haitians and about the football drive
That that was his response to it which wasn't very coherent. You're right
I guess that was the best he could do here's Bokeh. Hello. I know how I
Okay, great. Hey, I heard that word. That's unbelievable. Yeah, well that's because you were on hold see that's the benefit of being on hold
Well, it wasn't so beneficial actually
Yeah, but I want to ask you are you probably never read sports illustrated right? Oh, are you gonna tell me the story about Toronto and how everybody hates the
Yeah, so you did read it huh? No, I don't read it
But they've been talking about that up here because you know, I guess the team is so bad. We might as well talk about that story
You know what that you know what that reminds me of it reminds me of back during the Olympics when Wayne gritsky was crying and whining about
Oh, everybody hates Canada. They're all against this and I kept saying nobody in the world gives a crap about Canada
Canada is about as benign as you can get you know
Nobody gives it one way or the other and the same as two of them a believes in fact
The least played in Buffalo on Friday night actually won a game which is rare
There were more Toronto fans in the stands than there were Buffalo fans and that's that's the truth
Well, there are no Buffalo fans and that's right that place is empty
But I think the gist of the article is the preferential treatment that they get from like the referees
I don't buy that at all. I don't buy that at all Canada. Yeah
Don Cherry, you know, it's all made believe so all the time and yeah
Well, that's because the Leafs are the most popular team in Canada. What can I tell you?
Even though they stink like even though they stink and they got all these steps on there like Tom Fitzgerald and Jonas Holen
They're Robert Reiko and a jerky jerky lumay they got a team full of steps Trevor kid. I mean, who are they kidding? You know?
I know they they are bad
But they would say that the league is jealous of their relative success in the last 10 years
Even though they haven't come close to winning the cup
Yeah, haven't won it in like almost 40 years 35 years right
So who knows about them and actually if I hadn't read that article
I would never have known that anyone hated the Toronto Maple Leafs
Well, that's for illustrator. He's exactly who gives a crap
Right. Why would they write an article about that write something, you know, about a team doing well or not worthy
Yeah, but not that's a stupid article like that
Well, I'm gonna put out my maple leaf jacket. That was a former protest study like that
Go take a few slap shots in your own score
Hey, listen, I could they could sign me up good luck to pal go leave school. What do you say? No, they stink
They stink in pet quince as well on paper. We're pretty good. No, you're not pat you stink on paper on the ice on on a plane
You stink on a bus
They beat Buffalo a girls team on Friday. Whoop do you do, man? Let's get real excited about that not
Stiff too many stiffs and a panthers they get a point here at a point there and they get bombed by San Jose
And there's nobody there and of course this time the excuse was the weather
I guess the weather Saturday night was really bad there was in Clement
Hello, yeah
Say George is nodding off again. I talked for this guy one minute hockey in this guy. You're just as bad as mo
I don't know what I'm talking about hockey. I am done talking about hockey. That was a whole weeks quarter right there
It was about a horn or something. Yeah, why should have like
Okay, we're talking about the weather down there and a reason that nobody was at the game
Even though it's at 16,000 some plus at the office deepal Macarena yet to center
That's not talking about the weather that's still talking about the game. Well big deal
And there's another con oh we're gonna spend all that money that we saved that 10 million dollars from pop albury
The same thing happened here. They goost up the prices on the seats here
You got to mortgage your house to be able to buy tickets to a maple leaf game here
The prices are ridiculous and they keep raising the prices. Oh, well, we need that money for free agency
Did they sign anybody of any significance? Oh, no, they stink
Because they just keep sticking it and sticking it and stick all look at that. There's that saline Dion. Oh my god
I kind of let people this is because she makes me nauseous. She's Canadian. We're not too proud of it, eh?
Milletin French five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty. We're starting to get some good hockey talk now
It's funny that he called that it was a pretty good call even though you didn't like it because I was thinking last night
I don't know what what maybe think about it
How the hell did I ever survive those hockey shows seriously?
Maybe it was great remember no, you know, I'm serious. How did I ever survive those shows?
You can't talk about hockey in South Florida if I'm talking about it's like talking about much of balls in Afghanistan
I mean, what are we talking about here? You know, and I'm still on the air
One of the great miracles of all time. I'm not sure which is the bigger accomplishments surviving mature sure surviving those hockey shows
Oh, sorry remind all of my happy anniversary to the rimmers
Saturday with their 27th wedding anniversary and feral boy
She's got to be the best to put up with that. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I know
Just come to no rimmer and I both have the same philosophy now
We talked over the weekend, which I'm sure surprises you
No, and we both came to this philosophy. Okay, so how would just take the money to the bank?
Okay, screw worrying about this one and about that one and that's my philosophy now. I don't care
If the numbers come out tomorrow, we have a one share. You know what? I don't care
I really mean that I just I don't care anymore
You're gonna get paid no matter what I get paid regardless. I have nothing left to prove anymore at the stage of my life
And what's the point? What's the point again? Oh whipped up to a frenzy this one did this and I'm okay
Just give me the money. All right. I've already made you millions of dollars. Just keep giving me the goddamn money
That's all that's it. We get a one share too bad. Thanks for all the promotion by the way you deserve it
I still say Greg reed deserves whatever whatever things that happen bad with that station need deserves it
Because they lie and they lie and they lie and they lie
That's especially lying is their mental thing. Oh, we're gonna put up billboards. We're gonna do this
They've been put it in writing doesn't mean anything. It doesn't mean squat even Moe is gonna discover that maybe already has
All this promotion they're gonna do for and they're gonna do this and I'm gonna do that
They're gonna spend like crazy
Yeah, they have meetings even when they're a lawyer when they're jeweler and they sit down
They look you right in the face and they lie and they lie and they can't stop lying
So like I say just give me the money. Okay, I don't give a crap what you do just give me the freaking money
Just like Carlos that's his attitude
And they listen to me. Yeah, just give me that big check baby. Just swing that 25 bucks in my direction. So we get over here
473 votes on a poll pretty heavy duty day if the 2004 presidential election could present a bush against Al Gore
I'd vote for bush 178 37.6 percent. I vote for Gore 155 32.7 percent. I'd blow my brains out 68
Said that
14 percent good way to decrease the surplus population. I wouldn't vote 38 and I leave the country 34
say to be on a plane to somewhere
1157 at 560 WQM the holidays are coming baby make no mistake about it
Those guests are gonna be invading your home. You don't want to look like a slob
Like I do you want to make sure your house looks really neat and nifty and clean even if it usually isn't
Drive concepts would like to help you accomplish that by coming in and making your carpets look just like brand new
And your furniture and whatever else as well your drapery
Check out their website dryconcept.com and again information on all the amazing things they do for you
I've been using them in my home for over 20 years all my picky relatives use them George
You ever use them? Yes
With the rimers use them honey like that and even pay for it too, which is pretty amazing
So call up dry concepts and haven't cleaned your carpets
You'll see you know something that old Neil was right these people are the best in the universe
They give you a written guarantee job a price before they start the job and then they suck out the deep down dirt and the fibers
Your carpets which makes them look just like brand new they smell em and he fresh to dry in a couple of hours
And you'll say what a miracle on my floor
They also do is to punish job of cleaning your furniture and drapery spot dying fiber protection
Carpet repairs drapery cleaning like I said in plenary and work service the
Adorization if you should ever have a flood complete water damage restoration too nobody does it better or to more reasonable price and dry concepts
Call them tool free in dator palm beach
1 800 or broard
1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1
1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1
Clean today entertain none not just an advertising slogan, but it's really their business and dry concept
My life and love this is for trail by city
They call me Mr. Moose and I be visiting there to the Dwell Oon and hour
This is the former vast president of the United States out door
Good morning
Come a sublante
Mingdaing Daichingavu
Hello
I've currently blamed up to 287 and a half pounds
Though I should say that does include the weight of my blue butterfly under gear song panty
This somewhat depressed and thickened by my personal parents
I try to on my voice needs to be heard
I'm currently negotiating with professional skateboarder Tony Hawk to be the voice of his skateboard
And it's seem to be released motion picture
It's between me and Phil Stiller right now
I've also excuse me
I've also been asked to throw myself into a dumpster filled with rotten eggs
Razor blades and fed a cheat by Johnny Knoxville and the jackass people
I'm considering the stunt
That we are still quite always apart on financial remuneration
Mingda let me restate my position on the current set of affairs in our nation
I believe we are this close from falling off the face of the earth which is not round
contrary to popular belief
If you walk near the ocean in Florida you can actually see the end of the earth
I have been there. I have done it
So until you have don't say I'm crazy
The same disparaging remarks were made about some of our nation's greatest thinkers
I can see my time has almost elapsed
So let me say I have a very busy day planned
I'm off to do some early Christmas shopping with well known a rider
Who is asked that I wear a coat six sizes too large for my person
She is obviously confirmed about my core body temperature
Sweet delicate flower that she is
Then it's up to the overeaters anonymous meeting at the meet and three here in Nashville
My night will be rounded off beautifully
As I hop back home make a quick change into my feedip pajamas
Begin to sip a bottle from James Wein spritzer
And settle into my teenage mutant in jitterdals chair
This I watch reruns the ballots on the packs tv network
Please stay tuned for further important issue updates on this station
For me for mervats press the malagore
Thank you. I sure hope you didn't give up that much hard lemon and you know it
1203 at 560 wqm maybe give it all away to those cool miners
We got 489 votes
Getting pretty tight
Although I think after playing that he made drop back in the uh, wears again
5605 608 speaking of guns
Little Texas high school activity there on Friday. Do you see this story?
No in scurry Texas
A shotgun wielding man threatened to rule east Texas high school Friday morning until students and a teacher
wrestled into the ground authority said
The 18-year-old man a former student at scurry rosser high school
Window the school office in order students in the cafeteria principal Richard Sneed said oh the man again
Why I said oh that story that story
The man began pouring gasoline on the floor and students then helps of doing authority said
He didn't say a word didn't really look at anybody said Courtney Robertson a junior at the high school
Everybody was crying. It was horrible. We thought we were all gonna die
Robertson said the principal in the teacher slowly walk up to the man and grab the gun
Then wrestled into the floor
I shoved the barrel up toward the air Sneed said I thought it was gonna say I shoved the barrel up as
Didn't say that though up toward the air
I got it around his neck so I could hold him in a couple of football players and teachers came up and got the weapon security never said a word
No injuries or gunfire reported but classes were canceled for the day
Confident County Sheriff David Burns said the man who was in custody likely be charged with an array of offenses
Including aggravated a solubility weapon
Sneed said the man claimed to have planted bombs in the area in that police were sweeping schools looking for evidence
They're explosive the school about 30 miles southwest of Dallas and rolls about 220 students
How do you like them apples? Huh speaking of students gay students and cross-dressers face resistance
Which you never would have expected in Tampa would you know?
I mean what what that was wrong with Tampa
Milton high school junior Antonio low low Williams got sent home twice after he wore a skirt to school
Ha
Talk about carrying something a little bit too far you think
Especially in Tampa wasn't even a killtall bet
School official he didn't get killed
Just beat up maimed
School official said that boys at tar violated the dress code by creating a distraction for other students
Even though they said teens that were allowed to wear the opposite genders clothing if it doesn't disrupt learning
But the 17-year-old student who said he is asexual caused the kind like Robert Gryper said he is asexual
caused the school stance what he laughing about
Isn't he the most asexual creature you've ever seen in your life?
Can you imagine him with a penis when I think when I see him I don't think of asexual anything now that's what I'm saying
I mean he's just like neuter
The 17-year-old student who said he's asexual called the school stance discriminatory
I'm ready to disappoint in the school system said Williams mother Carmella
They're failing to let my child get an education all because of a dress code
Or maybe it's because of a dress
The Middleton flap shows the dilemma that schools can face as they grapple to how best serve
Gay students and those who deal with gender identity issues
For the most part it was not an issue in schools 10 or 20 years ago and many gay students didn't wear their sexual orientation on their sleeves or dresses
And before legal concerns were raised
See somehow call me old-fashioned, but I just can't imagine somebody wearing a dress to school a guy anyway
And not expecting you a little bit of a hassle
Right, I mean if you wear a funny hat if you wear the wrong t-shirt you get high right
When I first became an educator was ignored said Harry Brown
Pomerhauer University High School assistant principal it didn't exist at West taboo
Then came students and successfully sued their school showing school districts
They could be held legally responsible for fighting to protect homosexual students from harassment
School systems nationwide have showed up millions for lawsuits
Some school districts like Penia's County, Penala's County provide specific protection for gay lesbian students from student on student harassment
Hillsborough County added sexual orientation to his policy this year
Yet gay advocacy groups say how much protection and support students receive varies widely from school to school
As Tampa president of parents family and friends of lesbians and gays jane bulls said
Schools are not doing enough for gay teenagers students at a high risk of dropping out and committing suicide according national studies
Five years ago bulls received a call from a Tampa student who wanted to start a club for gay teens at her school
The girl who wore a rainbow ribbon on her blouse as she gathered signatures supporting the club's formation
Was told by school officials that what she was doing was wrong and immoral
Bulls recalled preferring not to name the school
They likened the rainbow to the nazi flag she said
It took two years, but finally the girl was allowed to organize a gay straight alliance club at her high school
Just before she graduated the club drew 75 students at its first meeting
Bull said people would be shocked by the frequency of the gay lesbian slurs are used in schools
Any teacher or administrator would not allow students to use a racial slur
But they frequently turn their back on gay and lesbian slurs bull said oh how true that is
David Katen all boy
Oh, are we surprised to find his name in the middle of this mess
The anxious David Katen executive director the Florida Family Association the FFA
agrees that schools have an obligation to provide a safe environment for all students
But saying it's okay for boys to wear skirts to school is going too far
He said the focus should be on studying Katen said not focused on him and what he's wearing
Many schools have clubs and support groups for gay students to include Tampa Bay Tech
Plant and Blake high schools in Hillsborough
senior Allison share who
School said schools have a legal as well as a moral responsibility to make sure kids feel safe
If our youth are not feeling safer if they're being threatened to harass the not gonna learn said lupal
Recently spoke about 75 Hillsborough middle and high school guidance counselors and our schools are about learning he said learning
We need to be learning and better don't you think
Little more tolerance a little more sanity
Yeah, I got a great I got a great story after the break that's gonna send you an orbit again
Oh, you might like it
J. Low linked to called of animal killers a cult
Yeah, so you're right. I would like that. Yeah, it's in the globe
And here's one you'll go an ape schmid over maybe she's the chupacabra she could be
Oh, I don't think the chupacabra's got that big of an ass
He's a real life Ralphie sopranos wise guy talks
So pranoster Joe pantaliano he's dead
He's dead. He is not well not the after the character. Oh, okay. He's dead on the show
Well you stop interrupting god demo with a bunch of meaningless crap. He's dead big deal
Abba even is dead by the way who
Abba even even knows him
So you don't know who that was because he was as ready don't you remember Abba even no the great is really
Dipple band the great former prime minister about a hundred years ago the man who spoke very distinguished
Abba even with those dark black glasses you better get with it mister because you don't know your moderate Israelis
I guess because there were any left. Oh, and by the way speaking of that yeah, oh, man
It's enough to talk about bebe brains
If they if this net and y'all who wins this election coming up man all bets are off then all over. Oh, brother
Not these are taken over everywhere
In fact, I think that now who wants to call the entire Middle East is gonna be the new West Bank
That's where all the new settlements are going new israel everywhere. Yeah Saudi Arabia Egypt
Sri Iran Iraq
Afghanistan Syria pack up in Afghanistan China America Siberia
And don't forget Hawaii the palm trees here
Any
Providence that's known at
560 wqa. I am oh man you got to have a few laughs because the world is full of crazy people
But yeah crazy people
Millicent crazy hardasses that's what it's all about except up here where everybody's very mellow
See when you're biggest when your biggest thing is hockey and curling you know, I mean how evil can you be
Allio med is good for you allio med Mediterranean formulas speaking of the Middle East Mediterranean formulas are advanced
Combined because in the Mediterranean they've known for centuries that olive oil was great for your health
And that's why these are combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil to find as you'll find anywhere
Combined with vitamins minerals and rubles and other nutrients each concoction is designed specifically to help provide
Benefits for your health for example is one to help lower cholesterol when to help your heart etc
Look for oleo meds three new formulas. They have one to help you sleep one to help you control your weight and cook you 10 speaking in your heart
Which is one of the best supplements you can take in your life all using the benefits of the pierced out of oil like I said
Allio meds a great new product good for your health picks them up today if publics or records or Walgreens
Be sure you watch which all greens you go into okay all greens for more information call
Oliomed tool free at 1 866 oleo med that's 1 866
65 366 333 and he also ordered their products online if you like at olio med america dot com
And if you visit your nearest publishing by an olio med product and data browered
You can get you a coupon for a free lary coca bottle head dowel also flies last get in there get yours before any rune gets it
And don't forget to visit their sampling for the end of sports time every Sunday when the dolphins are playing at home
Those dolphins who've won one on a row
Pick up free olio med samples and product information and start feeling healthy again with oleo med
I am the local
This is the 566
The radio is all yours
Q and
and
I'm the way back in the day when someone done us wrong
We didn't take their crap
Emerald harbor when the jams dropped their bombs
We bombed them bad and now the Saudis they hit us hard
And on our cards are little flats ways as that saunid loving retard voice of bombers the wrong way
Oh
And of embarrass to be in americans where they follow goes like cheese
The united states of arrogance
And by pushing his family
We they got this country
Abber and tors the largest days in our history
I don't want to be a packs of mariners
In the god damn you at say
What's a few thousand innocent lines
Stop living in the mess
If you want that SUV to drive
You're gonna need more gas
It's the greatest country in the world
They train us to believe
And anyone who says that
Obviously
And to for to be
And of embarrass to be in americans
Where we pay triadly
We've a flag in what has with our head in the sastid
We're gonna follow the powers that he apathetic
A washing state from you's on a 65 inch screen
scratch your balls and fine everything's okay
In the god damn us
Oh
Missles
To our place we know
And aim a madame
Whose first name begins with oh
There's one thing we all understand
Alcata won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan
And okay, we could chase around forever
With our tanks and all our troops
But special forces are so tired
Of jumping through them
You know we need another airplane
So let's cut out all the nonsense
And we'll blow up Pakistan
Oh
Alcata needs a nuclear tank
Why don't we stop was he food
And we'll blow up
Pakistan
I was inspired to play back a while
Oh
I was inspired
Because of the food fits
Get them
But we don't do that you know, it's we never even talk about the Saudis or about the Pakistanis about the who shot
Mashaire of all we talk about the evil doors because
Club 21 you're gonna love this story. This is right up your alley
Carlos might even get a little chuckle out of it too. He might give a little like cackel
Christina's sizzling gay romp
And
Yeah, here's a here's a picture. Now this is in the globe
In fact, you've got to get this
November 20 is six globe. There's just too much into freedom. It's
Page 22
It's ladies only as poptark gets dirty in strip club. That's dirty with two ours
dirty in strip club and here she is
With a uh, she's got a thing a whip
Oh, what do you call those whips that have like a ring in the end of them?
And don't tell me what kind of ring
No, you know those have
What's up talking about? I'm trying to picture it. Well anyway, you'd have that. I'm totally get the picture and here she is
This mousey looking thing was all of about two foot eight
He comes up to your ankle, I think and like like a mouse
And there are people out there oogling about her. I just I don't get it. There's just something between her and uh
The other one was never can't think of again. No, he rippa Kelly rippa
You actually seen her on reaches and still you think that? Yes, I've seen her on reaches and
Let me and here's the good news. Yeah, I don't know why I'm doing some of these tabloids stories today. Why are you doing?
I didn't realize it but because usually I save them for Tuesday
I've got so many I'll never get to like even 10% of them today. So I got plenty for tomorrow
Here it is Kelly rippa's secret. She is nasty looking man. I'm talking about that picture of them. I can't get an out. No, no, no, no, no
Not that picture. There's a whole series of pictures. There's one two three four five. She is eugly man
She is eugly
But anyway, I mean hey twitch is on if you like her great have a good time with her all right
Or hop right up on the TV there just make sure you don't get any on reaches. I'm just gonna push her outie back in there
Christina sysling gay romp. What a dirty girl it says with four hours
Sexed up songbird Christina Aguilar a cut loose on the ladies night only but grabbing boob fondling hip grinding romp
That has friends wondering if the latina spitfire is a lesbian
It's all anybody wants to talk about now says the music and citer is not all we want to talk about in a show. Oh, yeah
Is that little more? See thing really a bike
Christina obviously doesn't mind being seen in public fondling other women's breasts
In fact, maybe oj could get her to follow a christy's breasts
I'll get people asking me all the time is christine a lesbian. It's the question of the hour said is music and citer
The 21-year-old pot tart whose new album stripped features the hit song Dirty
Well, I haven't heard that have you heard it? Oh, that's the one where she did that you got all those around
Yeah, no deal. She's a mouse a rat
Her hit song dirty raised eyebrows and temperatures by getting kinky with busty babes at a couple of New York City strip joints
Aguilar has started her naughty same sex annex at a skin cub called fly stansers
dropping a thousand dollars on champagne and dozens of lat dancers for herself and her friends
Christina was having the time of her life and I wouldn't tell slob
She was acting like a kid in an amusement park who couldn't get enough of the rides
She'd get one sexy stripper straddle to cross her life and place her hands on their hips while they gyrated on top of her
And before the stripper was even finished she was motionally for another one to come over sounds like somebody in the Tampa
Number that yep, how could we forget what was the name of that place?
Martin's Venus. No, no, no
This that was this was the place across from the hotel. We stay there. Yeah,
Martin's Venus is on tail, maybe this was right by the hotel where Randy do her anyway
It says but that was just a warm up Aguilar a thorough seven of the action when she visited the big apples famed
Topless bars scores the following week
Christina came in with this big group six girl friends a couple of guys and a bodyguard said my witness in the VIP room
She pushed herself on a couch and the clubs hottest chicks filed in one by one to entertain her
She was screaming and letting out wolf whistles as the girl stripped in front of her
Aguilar are kicked into high gear went in honor of her presence the DJ spun her new song durability
Who's outrageous video features the cheeky singer and buff bearing chaps?
Welcome
She jumped on the couch with two stir persons started dancing to her songs to the eyewitness
Christina went nuts over one of them wrapping her arms around the girls waist and grinding her hips into her
When the song was over Christina wouldn't let the woman leave
She told her you have a great set of boobs and started fondling them
Then the stripper began rubbing Christina's breast. It was a major touchy feely session
She stayed for hours her friends practically had a drag her away
All right, it was just last year that Aguilar was left reading when her three year old when her three year romance with dancer George Santos ended
Oh, yeah, we remember that one. I want to be a dancer
Yeah, now a pal says I think she's just exploring her sexuality and zeroing in on girls
She has had a date with a guy in months and the music insider ads only time will tell whether she's a died in the wool
lesbian whether she's just experimenting right now the big monies on Christina's thing in the all girls club
She likes it too much. Oh, how do you like that?
huh
Well good for her. Yeah
So there's a long list a long list of people on the suspect not that it makes any difference
But we like to gossip about this stuff because it's just natural
The bigger the star than what we like to gossip about they're doing this one and they're doing that one
And is it J. Lo is it P. Diddy P. Diddy and I got another Christina Aguilar was she'll say for tomorrow about her and M&M
That's out. That's done
He said get lost bitch and you can't sing for Schmidt and by the way, what's that one big round thing in the middle of your chest?
And
Luis said hey, ask the cameo Venus. Me this get lost bitch
A second time can you believe she went running back to him again? Yeah, I can believe that I guess she catches on real slow
Christina or maybe this is all just a big put on you know, maybe she's really
26 past known at 560 WQM. There's never been a better or smarter time to buy a new home or refinancer existing home then
Right now here. Yes. How about this amazingly unbeatable or rate of only 3.95 percent? That's right
The financial group can offer you an unprecedented
3.95 percent if you just give him a call and 1-809-40-LND
That's 1-809-405-363 the money you're going to save is positively
Okay, but think about it you can get a hundred thousand dollar loan for only 450 bucks a month or a two hundred thousand dollar loan for only
950 bucks a month the process is simple. You're going to save yourself a crapload of cash each year
So call our good buddies if financial groups say hi, pali and 1-809-40-LIM there's never been a better time to get to a low interest rate
So call financial group and you'll be on a way to big fat savings
Financial group is an equal housing lender credit restrictions do apply and rates of subterranean so call them now toll free
1-809-40-LND that's 1-809-405-363
We're supporting you 560
2am
Actually a lesbian tired of the same old restaurants try the cafeteria
Centuria of higher
Lea how much is that doggy on the menu
The one with the barbeque tail
How much is that doggy on the menu
I'm sure glad the chef's out of jail
That's right no matter what the weather's like outside
It's always raining cats and dogs at the cafeteria
Centuria of higher Lea will make your stomach stop growling and make your neighbors pit bull stop doing the same thing
Talk about delicious
Your meal is always fresh we kill it right on the premises for a heavenly meal at a sacrifice price
It's the cafeteria centuria try it once you'll eat there religiously
How much is that doggy on the menu
The one that is fried in deep fat
Please bring me that doggy on the menu
And bring a side order of cat
Rock run or catch a greyhound for the cafeteria centuria of higher Lea
Where we give new meaning to the word that food
About 32 to 560 WQM having her done a long time and the great lead into this JLo story
And this is also in the globe. Well what a great issue of the globe they went nuts this week you know
Just wait another month so you're able to see this. I can't wait JLo linked to cult of animal killers
But before that here's an update on the pool of 536 votes
If the 2000 presidential election pits president Bush against Al Gore I vote for Bush 194
Al Gore 179 it's getting tight baby 36.1% to 33.3
I blow my brains out
70 70 is said that I wouldn't vote 44 I leave the country 42 it's tight
And also in this story at the bottom of the you know how they sometimes have like a sub story
Right like a sidebar the secrets of santeria revealed
I think I'm going to read that first santeria a blend of Catholic and wait till you were the first to church of santeria wasn't the US on
What do you think Miami more specific little banana more specific what I just get you playing there
Oh hi lia
You see we don't make things up on this show man when we talk about the crap it's crap believe me
Like most of your calls
santeria blend and and it's how we did the no don't answer any more calls by the way Carlos
You notice we got it just enough calls today
I think we're finally it might take us another hundred years but refining the
We're tweaking it we're twisting it you see what I'm saying right
We got ingested off the pacified of the phone call demanders
We didn't have anybody explaining what it is that they like about to call so much
But nevertheless who are we didn't know them what they want you know
But now comes the heavy stuff
Santeria blend of Catholic and African spirituality born in the Caribbean is practiced by more than
150,000 people in the west more than a million around the world
Priest conjures spirits heal with magical potions and cast good and evil spells
But the most controversial ritual is animal sacrifice using the blood of chickens goats pigeons doves and turtles in their ceremonies
The first santeria church established in the US was the
Sure wait till you hear the name of it too. The church of the kumi babaloo iA in high on the
1971 makers. Yeah
Huh they were in the news
Is that where years ago? I've heard that uh babaloo church
How could you forget that name the church or will the kumi babaloo iA and iA babaloo babaloo iA
I had that scutter you go and didn't they just make that up?
No, now you know where that comes from oh
I had no idea before I thought it was a desiarness thing. Oh yeah
Well, it's for an African song obviously babaloo
That's an African god he's beating a conga drum boy
And I finally found a type of a you guys know something about yeah, desiarness that animals
The religion's use of animal sacrifice became the focal point of a supreme court case versus the city of hialia
By unanimous decision members won the right to sacrifice animals as a former religious expression under the first amendment to the
West constitutional and
Animal sacrifice how we worship god
Ernesto Piccardo co-founder of the church of the kumi babaloo iA to
the globe. It's how we come to him with our troubles and seek his guidance
It's how we nourish our souls animal sacrifice will always be planted a part of santeria will not change
santeria has a mystical magic side to it some people use it to place curses on other people
Oh someone well first in santeria with dark intentions can do great harm to another
Jennifer Lopez has fallen under the spell of a culp it is known for using animal sacrifices part of their rights
say sources
The lovely latina participates in some of the cult rituals
Whereas blessed charms and turns to waste of engulfed like LA women named merely Gonzalez for important life decisions inside her
Say now you do understand what this is all about
Yeah, yes, she's using satire to help her recovering alcoholic fiance Ben stay on the wagon Ben
Affleck
Mm-hmm
Jennifer doesn't make a move without consulting with her godmother merley who devils in bizarre satirea practices and casts magic spells on
Jen's behalf a Lopez family in satire feels exclusively to the globe
Globe just jam pack with crap this week everything from uh christy prodie's boobs to you name it
Everything from the movie role she accepts to her what the wedding day with Ben Affleck is carefully mulled over by merley
Winful with as many aspects of Jennifer's life. I wonder if she has anything to do with her welcome
Lopez rush to get her guru's advice about Ben after they fell for each other while filming the movie
Jiggly
Merley wanted to be careful that Ben would likely astray and would hurt her if she didn't keep a close eye on him
To the source and watch out for mad Damon to I think
Jennifer asked Merley for a bindings spell to keep Ben with her forever
After getting to know Ben Merley gave her the thumbs up
It doesn't say where ice according to insider jalo's mother loopay is not happy about her daughter's involvement in the religion and the frick
Is coming at a bad time because jalo 32 and Ben 30 gets along fine with loopay have officially announced their engagement
Maybe they'll to check with pilar from passions about this
The religion is causing major tension between janitor mom says the source loopay is a devout cat lick
And wants to end the steer clear from satire and merley
But sources say that jalo is not likely to give up her flirtation with santeria a frequent visitor to my any now a home town or there
Lopez is engaged in the religions rituals in florida say insiders
According to another source friends who visited her and my me noticed what looked like blood stains burn marks and candle drippings on the carpet
One man one member of her family told us that she and jalo practice santeria said the insider
She claimed that a well-known mommy practitioner named bros alita did private ceremonies for them
I looked into the religion found that some of its members perform animal sacrifices and put hexes on people
Jalo plays herself off as this little Catholic girl Jenny from the block
But how does she explain participating in this strange religion
Born in the Caribbean santeria is a blending of Catholic and African spirituality some of the more controversial
Santeria rituals include animal sacrifice killing chickens goats pigeons dives in turtles and can actually with major life
Versages birds weddings and deaths
santeria priest also conjures spirits heal with magical portions of cast good and bad spells
I believe santeria can be considered a satanic cult because they worship the underside of the spear world Satan's demons and so on
noted san Francisco cult expert dr. Margaret singer telling the globe
I've seen people literally starving that giving up everything to be part of this cult inside of say put a weekend born merley
51 is associated with an LA botanica
a
gift shop that sells santeria artifacts. She's been guiding Jalo's fanatic
Fantastic showbiz rise for the past three years
Fanatic during each of the last four movies that Jennifer made merley was a near constant visitor on the set
And she upto Jen's nerves with special herbs and remedies said the insider
Another santeria remedy merley taught Jen a surefire way to fight insomnia
Jen had preble sleeping a reviled reveals the insider some early instructor to get a huge pot and boil the petals of a dozen white roses
With ground nutmeg and specially blessed sea salts
When the pot is at a four-boil rolled up and smoke it now when the pot is at a four-boil
Jennifer pours half the mixture into a hot bath and bathes in it
After her bath when the remaining mixture is cooled down Jennifer pours it over her head in the tub
Rince isn't and gets the best night's sleep. She's ever had she swears by it
And Jen talked recovery alcoholic bending taking a ritualistic satire of bath too
At first he didn't want to do it, but he felt like humoree Jen and merley reveals the source
He wore his boxer shorts and merley gave me purifying bath
Infused with magical love herbs and secret ingredients meant to contribute to his continued sobriety
Jen was thrilled that he was so open-minded about doing it
J.Lo has known Gonzalo since he was a teen according to insiders
But in recent years the pop diva has turned from a santeria skeptic into a believer thanks to merley
It all started as a goof since the source damn would get it cooled and take one of merley's herbal cures and feel great
Merley was able to predict things for Jen and provide her with a flawless career advice. She started to believe
In fact J.Lo's Pasadena restaurant merley
Or a madre i'm sorry where merley's husband Rolando 52's a popular chef
Is named for her spiritual godmother and not her own mom loop a claim in ciders
Now J.Lo is a top customer at the LA Botanica buying good luck talus mints like alligator teeth one around her neck
And asking merley to cast love and career spells in the reader future
But she draws the line of the sight of blood
Jen's fully aware that part of santeria includes animal sacrifice
By sledding in the throats of the pencil's animal said the source but she doesn't want to hear about it or see it for herself
Once you tender one of merley's Friday night gatherings a spiritual get together
Where devotees conjure spirits cast spells and speak in tongues
They speak in tongues and that really freaked you out for now. She prefers seeing merley privately
I know I know I know I know
One on one like with Robbie Benson see that movie one on one
So you know Robbie Benson is doing J.Lo or something like that and he's still Jewish and he still looks like he's 15 years old
He's still alive
Yeah
Why wouldn't he be?
He had a bad heart attack and she made me have all kinds of health problems
Robbie Benson I think you put a hex on him
I forgot when he found out his grandpa was the first rabbi in Texas
555 votes
For that 2004 presidential deal
I vote for bush one ideate I'd vote for gore one
88 boys getting tight
I blow my brains out 80 I wouldn't vote 45 I'd leave the country 41
Well pack your salami sandwich
Thanksgiving everybody's gonna be flocking to your house to everybody's homes so they can be together again for the holidays
Gather around the table with delicious homemade food and family traditions
After all, it's not that turkey that makes the meal special
It's the people getting ready for the hungry guests can be stressful especially if they're staying overnight
If you're having a household for Thanksgiving let Dalamat just make your holiday preparations a little bit easier
Now's the time to call 1-800 mattress and get that new mattress in before the house gets there
If they're ready to do that they're coming or even if you don't hear from them till the night before
No sweat
Because Dalamatris can deliver right to your door atop quality sili service events or king-girl mattress
The very same day they take away the crappy old bedding they set up the brand new one
I've been thinking on a Dalamatris for years and look what it did for me
Called Dalamatris right now tool free at 1-800 mattress
1-800 MATT RES and talk turkey with a bedding consultant to some of the very best mattresses and even better prices
So rest easy this Thanksgiving and all through the holidays knowing that everybody in a house is sleeping comfortably
Comfortably whether they belong there or not you're ready for the holidays now by calling 1-800 mattress
1-800 MATT RES be sure and tell that Neil and Fatboy told you to call
Dalamatris brand name bed same day service column now and be sleeping like a baby two nights
And
So much for you
I'm a he was fairy tale
Yeah, it's religious thing was not for me
They held a big convention
Let me in for free
I don't idea what I was about to see
Oh, they were speaking in tongues
That made me a believer
What's kind of fun
Just to get out of my mouth
Speaking
They got me believe in my conscious we've been from side to side
Well now embrace me
I'd like my tongue to the beast
Over her for her
Whatever I do, he'll forgive me
Brothers now I speak in tongues
That makes me a believer
And I'm having fun
Playing round with my mouth
Now I speak in tongues
I
Said every time I listen to the other one of his bits even though I've heard them 50,000 times before I hear something new you know in the
Yeah
If you pay attention if you pay attention to the blah blah in there is like something for everybody
561 votes on a pool if we have the election with Bush against Gorin 2004
If he can stand some more
Even though one of them is a bore both for Bush 200 and Gor 193 can you believe that?
Wow, it's getting nip and tough way till we start counting them chads man
I blow my brains out 80 I wouldn't vote 46 I leave the country 45
out of 564
Now here's that story about the soprano's wise guy talks now this guy
There's still Pentaleon, but Pentaleono yes
Uh, is this the same guy that was done some of the quiz shows
I think he was even on pyramid or my computer he's been all over the place
He's been in movies and uh, my cousin with Gary Berghor a dark door
Oh, I don't know. I think this guy's been on pyramid and what is pyramid coming back?
It's very soon isn't it like November 25th or something?
With Donnie Osman and Dick Clark's gonna be a guest on there
And what was that woman saying before about Dick Clark? Oh, that's right. That was about the um the gun stuff
The gun stuff in Michigan right about Michael Moore
Where how am I gonna get to see that movie now? Are you gonna get us a bootleg copy of that? Sure
And I see you just say that but I'm serious or I'll be glad to go on Bible
We're gonna be able to get a copy of that you can't read it. It's not out on rental yet. I don't know somebody will let us know
How about getting Yentle on rental?
Remember Yentle green here's a real life Ralphie. It says this also for oh this is from the star
I thought it was another one from the globe. That's not good too carried away
And wait did you be impressed to see the pile of stuff I got for tomorrow
So the heavy needy stuff like how much more can Whitney take panicking the palace owner stuff about the world
The rooms in there too wait till you hear about what's on the
Restroom walls anyway
So Pranostar Joe Pantoliano feels right home playing psychotic hitman Ralphie
Ciferetto on the HBO show that's because the the neighborhood where he grew up at Hoboken, New Jersey was run by the mafia
He reveals in his fascinating new autobiography who's sorry now the true story of a stand-up guy published by EP Dutton
In an exclusive interview Pantoliano aka Joey Pants reveals that rackets and mob violence were fact of life when he was a kid and funerals were fun
In fact, I still have a good funeral to clear is the 48-year-old active director and author whose family had mob ties
Did you know that? No, how do you like that see better late than ever we finally learned something on this show today
Story telling his away a life for Pantoliano says he learned the art on his mother's lab
She loved her frightening with stories of grandpa Gus's hair trigger temper
Grandpa Gus used to run the Italian lottery in Hoboken for veto Genevase Pantoliano explains
Once the way in particular he'll ever forget when my mother was seven or eight
She went to her father and told him about a guy who said at the same spot and spit it her when she walked home from school
the next day huh
The next day grandpa I'd be clean at in the music you him sing
The next day
Grandpa Gus watched from across the street as she walked by a middle-aged man sitting in the doorway low and behold
He spit right behind her
Without a word Gus crossed the street Jewish pistol and shot the man in the leg right in front of his daughter
How do you like that? Oh brutal there's a good message for you if anybody spits a year kid shoot him in the leg
Blood spattered every wrist is Pantoliano it turned out the poor guy had a
At a sinus condition. That's why he spit at nothing to do with my daughter who stood there hysterical
What she'd witnessed her white floss peppered with blood
Joy Pants dad a herst-river rent his mom were both gambling addicts with a racetrack just across town
My old man could have been a brain surgeon with law degree and managed to the backstreet boys and still have broke his whole life Pantoliano jokes
One have and been broke one habit. They left out was paying the rent instead my parents opted for packing
Moving we moved 10 times by the time I hit high school the one place Pantoliano felt at home was a funeral
Mommy took me in my little sister Mary and every wicked
Fea's funeral parlor he says one he'll never forget was for a hood who drilled out stole the mood at Christmas
Danny Magliano was the closest thing to Santa close I ever had said the actor
But Danny's luck ran out and he was shot in the swamps along the Hudson River as a funeral Pantoliano and his mom
Bob their heads in prayer and before I could say Amen. She tugged on my sleeve and whispered Joey look at his head
She said see that shot in the head three times and you can't even see the holes excited the boy said wow
Tell me more mommy tell me more but his mother staff what do you think this is a party lower your voice and show some respect for the bed
The hidden with five shots and he still looks pretty good
1252 at 560 WQ I am if you love your home
But you just haven't got enough space to do all the things you want to be doing do what hundreds of other people are doing even people like George
Even little pictures like him
Call strictly editions whether you're having a baby need another room maybe you're converting a carporder patty with living space
Maybe you went into business for yourself and when you make a home orifice call strictly additions
There you're one stop shop more space for your place place with an absolutely positively worry for your approach to expanding your living space
Those out no shows by the contractors and gonna happen incomplete work no chance
No unexpected bills no worries about the job not getting done right and they take care of every single last detail
They drop your blueprints they get the building permits have all the inspections for you strictly editions is got that easy
Five step approach to total customer satisfaction. We always tell you about number one call to schedule a free project of
Animation appointment at your home where a project estimated will determine the scope of your addition
Secondly schedule a bid appointment and there can be an insurance
We'll get a detailed proposal and exact price for the work third select your finishing touches go to contract
Fourth review this on our contextual drawings and then fit sit back and relax with a big smile on your push as your dream addition moves ahead on schedule with
Unbeatable quality check out the rad in the yellow pages. They serve all a brow in South Palm Beach County
And they're very excited about doing a super job for you. They're
Completely licensed and insured give them a call tell them that near a little PD Lenny for did to call strictly
Aditions at 954 7 9 1 8100. That's 954 79. What does it again?
954 9 7 9 1
8100 got it got it comes George for to call
My
Sports radio 560 you a
You am
My down on my
Just something about it
When I inhale it's like wow dude
Kind of sucks though when a seed pops in your eye
To real bummer
Oh
If you just roll it roll it tight I'll put that to be to my plane
Now I'm a glassy-eyed timber lake and funny things go through my brain
Ask me what happened one man at a go
I won't remember
Take another trophy ashes make like shows
The falling
Over and the flight of owner
Stuff I thought this guy was only
You thought you really think I didn't tell you did business with Justin no
From 58 at 560 W to come I got to tell you on a scale of 400 I give this show today about a 388
spectacular pretty good show on a white pile like
Rees Lightning. I don't know why I want was it just from the start of a day coffee huh
Yeah, Monday's very unusual Monday's usually terrible Monday's usually awful
Deadly
But for some reason today maybe it's because the dolphins won yesterday. Oh, I don't think so
If it's because Toronto might win another hockey game this year. No, I doubt it
But there's just something in here. Maybe JLo put like a positive my hex. I mean what not a hex but what would you call a positive spell spell? Yeah
She cast a spell on us a real good one
580
Oh, and I got bad news for you though to show that not everything's perfect. Yeah, the snow on my patio is gone
Aren't you depressed? Yeah, because it's all the way over. It's all about to 35 now
So it's all melted. There's still some on the roof around I can see a little bit out there
But it all melted. It's going away and then tomorrow it's gonna be like 43 and then for like three days in a row and wash it away
Etc and so on depressing
Let me say it again snow isn't all that bad unless you're driving in it or have to shovel it other than those two things
That's I will I will say what I don't like an awful lot is ice you know when I give the everything is you know
I seen you start holding on your ass because you know what a clutch I am
Yeah, you don't need any ice to fall down exactly. I don't need any extra help. So if there is uh an ass around
I'll find it
If whatever that means
The 2004 presidential election pits president push against Al Gore. I'd vote for oh look at that. These can't be real candy
Sure, I guess these are counteracting the affekable we had before
Grade 206 I'd vote for bush 204. Oh, well, why were we paying attention? I blow my brains out 80
I wouldn't vote 47. I'd leave the country 46 that's our poll up to the moment. Okay a staggering result
Neckon neck nose to nose. It's as tight as a witches
Reckham ass
We got the mad dog the angry puppy standing by whose you know his dolphins be the girls team yesterday
Beat to crap out of them and they're gonna be saying we're on our way baby first place in the division
We're kicking ass you wait till next weekend. It's gonna be really ugly
The booster for hanky three her cool hotline at 630 the big old
830 night followed by Eddie K from GA and Joe and Mark overnight
Bye
How could things be any worse
