this is how Florida's only real
for Sam and Strapman's mold when you're all on it for a lot of day
a piece of black ass croot feature
www.QAM.com
Happy Strapman's building
quite do everything but he looked like he was fine
from what I understand if we were playing
you know if we if we were playing Sunday
there'd be no problem that he could play that's that's
best I know okay with with a new secondary it would
basically you have how long does it take for
guys coming together and these are experienced people but
still here's today's stock market preview
experts fear the New York Stock Exchange could open
lower again today after Japan's NK index closed down
1.5% on Japanese investor fears that American investors
fear a drop in US consumer confidence because of fears that the
economy may be in danger because of fears of stock market
investors who fear an interest rate hike
meanwhile in America there's fear that those in Japan who fear the fear of
American investors could produce fear in other sectors of the economy
which continues showing signs of recovery
Amaraya Kastanzakabaro Diazmo
We'll have more stock market news when something else
that's not really happening happens in the heads of people who just
happened to be afraid of everything that happens
I don't be afraid I fear it okay because the more the
future's erupt I'm gonna make a big comeback in it
gonna make a jug and a comeback plunging in with both hands that's what I
would tell you I'm not doing it but you go ahead
so anyway uh let me just say this right off the bat Todd
records an asshole can I get that out of the way right off the bat okay
see let me just tell you this Todd when you're sitting back there at your
little typewriter and your little desk see everything with him is
little the guys about two feet tall it comes up to
George's knee can't including his brain
and when you're sitting back there finally getting around to maybe
fumbling out some copy see I don't understand how can he be sitting back there
writing it if the guy at the sponsor is the one that writes it you follow what I'm
saying liar basically a liar Todd but anyway when you're sitting back there
and belly I can about the fact that well how come he can't do this see if
that my job it's not the talent job to write your copy to do your job
in addition to which when you're opening up a big mouth and then PD Lenny is
standing there you know immediately he's gonna come skyrocketing down the
hallway open up the door and tell us everything that you just said because that's
the way it works at QAM we have our moles remember when Greg was looking for
the mole and discovered we had like 600 of them
even Enrique and Peggy Lee put together aren't in the class with us we got more
goddamn moles than you ever seen so if you want to sit back there belly it can
be a bit about the fact that somebody's trying to get you to do your job
and give us something to work with on a year that's too freaking bad Todd okay
because we all hate you like poison everybody in a building we'd like to
step right on your ass okay even duffer like to step on your ass how do you
like that Todd we're sick and tired of your bull crap quit belly it can just do
your job back there you scumbag you little Jew and by the way happy circus
so anyway oh and what else got me a little worked up this morning I'm sitting
here minding my own business you know typing out my bedtime stories
and I'm listening to a little bit of Mo this morning I mean there's nothing like
I might get a little momentum in the morning with Mo another way of work huh
we get very little momentum on the station but at any rate so some uh
ass sucking collar and isn't that what I told you about the collar is there much ass suckers
and that what I said I'll tell you something suck holes and sickos that's 95% of a call just
like that guy yesterday oh yeah quit me this bedtime stories take some calls
right so anyway this is schmuck this morning who's an expert on everything in life including
radio ratings he's going out about wow uh dental bastard something about ratings and yesterday
a meal was slaubing about Hank and his bigger and the trend came out in the bigger
number he had in August and in the meantime he didn't bother mentioning the fact that Joseph
Gackie was on two weeks in August well guess what mr. Rex Gritzon since I'm sure you're
listening right now you little punk uh the trend doesn't work that way the ratings don't work
like August one to August 31 in in September what then worked that way the third week of the
trend or rather the last week of the trend log ended like August 24th or 5th or whatever was
the last week when Joe was on fill in for Hank that wasn't part of it so maybe he was on for
week but is there anybody out there who really believed that Joe is a Gackie is responsible for
the numbers going up no in addition to which anybody called up Mo I noticed that nobody has the
balls to call him in front of him with his pathetic numbers at least I haven't heard it including
this little putt wacker who's an expert on the ratings supposedly he's an expert on ratings just
like Todd Rex an expert on choppy so if I was slaubing which I thought it was kind of funny the
fact that we were all day yesterday what why not give the hump a little bit of credit it's due
and I don't need it's due but we like to see that I'd like to see Mo get an umber in there you know
just for the hell of it just to help us out a little bit just so maybe there's a chance
we might get some of that extra bonus money we're in it together in spite of Mo's a sour
a psychotic attitude we're all supposed to be in this ball game together but nevertheless
there's we got all the experts out there and that's another example of the colors now we do have
the phone fixed I should point that out to you and yesterday's experiment with that phone man that
that's set the whole goddamn show back and since we got a short show today because the Noon to one
hour it's Wednesday it's Noon to one bit Wednesday and we'll play all comedy bits from Noon to one
to give it like a little chance a little relief in there a little blessed relief from all these
heavy duty depressing stories all these bedtime stories so we might take a collar to hear what you
say now what we have to do is Carlos has to take one and put it on hold like line two that's
ringing right now just put it on hold and then we'll see what it is see just because we want
to technically check this out because many Bob also known as George Corso one of our in uh several
engineers uh yesterday he was that we got to hold him on the phone and I came in here and I
diddle with this and diddle with that all of a sudden like Squirt Squirt almost as much of
explosion as a small girl last night which you booker guys both missed um now what just happened
of that the guy disappeared he hung up we can't even do an experiment on here on this phone that's
this audience well you want a real call I don't care whether it's real or make believe just one
that we can experiment with I realize we're starting from a a standing still position now following
our great morning show and those big numbers I love that punk to call in it with the expert with
Joseph Gackie did two weeks in August which is not true he may have done two weeks physically
during the month of August but the last one in the last one ain't going to show up till the next
trend so good luck to you Hank you'll need it and if anybody that's that much of an asshole that
would suggest that Joseph Gackie Hank Goldberg got big numbers on QIMB4 there was anybody else
getting any numbers on it anybody will tell you that in addition to which he don't need Joseph
Gackie to get numbers in fact can you imagine the month they would have had without Joseph Gackie
and a couple of those Marlon games in the afternoon they might have had a 15-year in man Schmuck
everybody's an expert everybody's a radio expert they're all ratings experts and they don't
like the tone of the show and everybody's that's out for you that's why it's so pleasant here
it's sunny it's 48 degrees can you believe that I believe it gonna be 68th this afternoon
yesterday may have been the most perfect day I've ever seen in my life it was sunny about 72
there was a nice breeze there with no humidity I mean it you just walk out there and you feel
invigorated and everybody's got a smile on their face and it's like a throbbing living and
breathing place and down there the like that one guy said the ventum just comes spewing the fourth
the ventum you can smell it man you can feel it your your hemorrhoids your your verbico's vein start
that's the one with your lucky hop it all over the place you like like you're just gonna
croak from the you from those stress of the psychotic angry people you know it's how it's even
getting to me now I'm starting to get a little whipped up into a frenzy just from taking one or two
causes today when you actually have uh look at that this thing is working primo now baby
here's lottery all by the sea hello Neil God yes sir I bought off and season ticket
what happened to him I give up what happened to him he said he bought off in season ticket
he's still there he's he's back on hold somehow oh don't tell me this thing is screwed up again
I didn't touch it I wouldn't tell you that look I think I'm again are you still are you here
yeah okay I said I bought season tickets as you're just so I couldn't possibly hear Moe Howard
on the radio anywhere really I'd like to whip him like an Irish traveler does our kid
I don't know it's coming up guys talking about Hank's numbers on there and I'm talking about his
numbers I don't know but I'd like to know what they are I'm sure they're pathetic and that's
squeaky delby God I don't even go to the uh listen to the lineups at the stadium because you have
to hear his voice he's doing a lineup announcing at the stadium he's doing something at some p.a
did you hang up on it no I did I never touched a thing and I got I had my finger near the thing
but you don't think that could do it do you no I think it's whenever yeah there's something wrong
because whenever I touch a call over here let's hear it for let's hear it for the engineering
staff again if QAM boys and girls I put somebody on hold over here and it goes on hold over there
like whatever call you're on when I put any other call on hold it puts your call on hold oh brother
I'm gonna tell you our engineering staff on a scale of zero they're like they owe points they just
owe points they're in a minus column well let's try one or two more okay because then now there
was actually a pretty good guy right plus it was right up in a hell out of mole which we liked that a
lot because you won't hear that on mole show in fact mo got all bet out of shape because Gully
read some email from some woman in plantation obviously a very astute woman who understands that
he's still a jetz fan or at least that's what she was claiming and he was like all wounded about that
you see you can't have thin skin it's one thing that varicose veins you know when you get to be in
your 80s a lot of guys get those but that thin skin and to be doing a top show can't do it one thing
to be sitting there in the isolation of the broadcast booth you know and and that Charles Elmore man
what a hypocrite that guy is in Palm Beach ripping mole behind his back off the you know off the
newspaper columns but in the newspaper sucking his ass hey Charlie make up your mind up there in Palm
Beach okay I get all the reports I may be up here in Toronto but I get all the reports I got my conduits
see and I don't I don't even know what to make of this thing now here's Miami hello
yes sir George's show is much more entertaining I wish he would go back on the air because you know
he talks to his audience he's a chronic would know the whole summer the contrary that's the
iron chef hello hey Neil president Bush has got to be the stupidest man in the world because he
always sounds like he's reading he never sticks in his heart he had to dumbness back us okay thank you
we got three great calls to start see we jumped to Josh the judge me yesterday and actually those
last two they stayed on there until they went away well as long as Carlos doesn't touch anything well
don't touch anything Carlos quit you better learn to teach him a little bit better don't touch
stuff in there because it's Q.A.M. see in a real radio station you could touch stuff and it would
work the way it's supposed to the way you would anticipate but our place just everything's a
little touchy okay so don't touch I'm not don't touch that's what Miguel always said look but don't
touch that's what Tom Mowelling says and you guys miss small girl last night man I'm telling you there
was so much blowing in the first five minutes of that show even Peter North who by the way Peter
North is Canadian we discovered that this morning on a website I was checking out because I was
looking up Joe Schuster and the other guy that created Superman Canadian boys and there was a lot
of blowing from those tornadoes in the beginning air just noise and blowing and gnashing and just
incredible and then the previews for next week's small but you better not miss that in fact that's
gonna be our pool today about small but I haven't even got to yesterday's pull result I'm getting
way behind the day so for the honor of taking these great calls that one dipsmith that called
a I thought he's always ripping you that guy he's always ripping me that guy he just missed a
contrary whoever's on the air he's gonna argue and hate them I see like I said sickos and suck
holes and the basic way that's it 98% although that last part today he's pretty good and the first guy
was great except he got cut off twice because Carlos keeps touching don't touch him okay talk to him
just don't touch him that's gonna be difficult the exception will be in Todd Dres case when he comes in
don't talk to him touch him like with a baseball bat would be good maybe with a crowbar hey Todd
oh idiot little quizzling has he been in there here with his copy no he's probably still
back there muttering hey talk to PD Lenny okay affect what will do is we'll have PD come in and talk
on the air tell him everything that he said yeah how come this guy's been doing his spat for
like how come he can't do it it's not my job asshole plus you don't give us any information
in the first place you heard about this and you've heard about that the same old tired format
with all your spots Todd they suck and the reason they've heard about it so many times is because
you won't change the copy you won't give us a damn piece of information to work we're supposed to
make chop liver out of dog crap okay god can't stand that time direct by the way thanks to my sweet
friend Lynn Samuels for putting us as a link on her website at LynnSangles.com when that nice that
was a pretty sweet thanks Lynn she's the best 913 at 560 wqway and with your busy life down you
all the healthy can to feel healthy especially in that godforsaken place not just from their climate
but from all the sour nasty people huh man only you may can't hurt it can only help can only make
you feel better because it contains lots of good stuff in there pharmaceutical grade olive oil is
one thing you'll find in there along with vitamins and minerals and herbals to promote health for
your heart is one product specifically designed to lower your blood pressure one for your cholesterol
and for your prostate they have one for your circulatory system you digestive endocrine system
your skin and bones there's even a product for your mind and believe me start popping at all
over South Florida it's a soft gel capsule just pop it in your push and in no time at all it'll
start taking effect and of course they make separate products for men and women as well if you
want to pick some up it's available in stores all over South Florida more and more people are
popping at every day and olio med too you can find it at whole food markets wall green sedanos
and viral pharmacy i think next Tuesday night a lot of people are going to be popping at during small
bill when uh... clerk gets emotional when he gets whipped up into a frenzy starts like words
court that that's what that was the promo for next week a lot of flesh for more information you call
all the olio med see what they think about small bill called tool free one eight six six olio med
that's one eight six six olio med and you can also order their products online if you like it
olio med america dot com
you and we'd
solve that problem for the next ten years after standhumpries uh... couldn't play
anymore because of the uh... concussions
put us in a position where it was it was tough and uh...
uh... for each coach to think that he would be the one to turn this get around and and uh...
they couldn't and that so it's uh...
it's something that you know that i know it hurt a lot of coaches and uh... and uh...
that they had a lot of money for this kind of spanish so it was uh... you know it
feel bad for a lot of people in it
we'll return to regular programming momentarily on wqa m dot com
until then here's the best of sports radio five sixty q amp is bobby bether
during the hammer hank olberg on monday august fifth
bobby bethard is with and bobby this is the thirty of anniversary of the
undefeated team you were certainly
uh... part of that and as you look back on a retake with edwin poper in the show
who
when in the writers wing of the hall of fame last year and now
and uh... another keep a skin resident and uh... and bobby when you think back
on uh... on that team uh... everyone was saying that one of the
one thing it's that strikes about it is that
uh... we may have seen the last of those guys to go into the hall
unless kuchinburg gets in and nick is the only defense of player to go in
uh... are there other guys you think who are being overlooked from that club
oh yeah i think uh... often so i think who should be one i think uh...
on defense
you know it uh... uh... norm evidence was by here two weeks ago
and we spent some time together just talking about that team
and uh... when you measure it by today's standards and height and we wait
a height wait speed it doesn't measure up but it was
probably
all the time i've been in the NFL it's probably the closest i've ever seen to
what team means those guys
uh... with our ins bar and shul and how are all those guys coaching it was a
team probably made fewer mistakes
and he came out of every been around and they uh...
so individually when you look the way man he for the end of the play then
well man he was he was great dick Anderson was great they had
uh... jake was
uh... great they had so many good players but i don't know if anyone alone
uh... would get the recognition
to be in the hall of fame i'm not saying that's right but i think it was more
the team should have been put in the hall of fame yeah well that no name
defense was was called that because everybody contributed nobody really stood
out
when i say that that doesn't mean they couldn't play they just all played well
together about math is going to go down the the list of players over there
and they just they put on the board and like that
he's more popular than ever
i know that well
now you do
and now guard lightfoot boards the wreck of the edmund fits jerald and steers a
course for disaster in his new tribute album
gordon whitefoot sinks led zeppelin
so
uh...
he's confused
gordon whitefoot renders his version of led zeppelin's
immigrant song
so
so
gordon whitefoot sinks led zeppelin
it's a whole lot of stuff like this
it's the compact is that's lower than the bottom of lakes of period
there's a lady who should have been
cold and cheap by
there's a bustle in your city player don't be alarmed now it's just gordon whitefoot
sinks led zeppelin
it's not a team well that's a trend of rough in it so do you remember that song
no
that's the record the edmund fits your old they've had
never heard of my life i told you never found that still i never heard it
anyway he's canadian a any into an all i'd great
so speaking of the nori squirt squirt
now this call that you see is like uh... you got cut off that was everybody who
was on the other you talk to the back again
nil god i'm here okay
you know something we could kill a whole show of you are you with me today we
can just keep cutting off and you call back again
i think carlos might be a mole for more that's why he kept me off i don't know
could be it could be
but anyway what i was saying you know that he said most of the nice back
uh... bright harry
yeah
anyway what i was thinking people are going to take advantage of this phone call
thing just to take cheap beach beach and mo go ahead
uh... anyway all he talks about is how he goes and he's the restaurant does this
now i think it just does the grubs it up for the free food in the morning or
something yeah
that's nothing we should all believe in is getting free meals on his show
now we guys deserve it you work hard we pay for it all he does is come and
bumped in for out and and blow the whole chemistry i keep watching the q
i am put the stadium to watch manage finally throw them out one day you know
uh... room where has it that he was talking this morning about the ratings for
the dolphin game in town were so gigantic on tv and that it would indicate to
me that nobody was listening to it on a radio they all watch on tv
yeah i mean you can't stand it you can tell the manager's hour because he goes
down the locker room does this to interviews and then pieces out and all moments
to talk about last week about how the jets are really and and uh...
uh... manages look i really don't care about the jet that their problem let's
talk about the dolphins when and basically
okay have a great day sir and well thanks very much for all the publicity
there's a guy that's been like uh... three different segments of the same
call in ripmore every time you know that
nice concert i mean don't do it again but
i'm enjoying the calls you know
yes so far so far no seriously i think uh...
i don't know it's good to have a more can like that
yeah thank god duck came back i mean clear it's is okay he's a little uh... you
know he's growing into it
but that's like uh... almost a real man well
and uh... he's you know he's got a some on the city away just in case we need
it we should be should be working
and it's almost working with you know if if carlos is not taking around with
stuff in there these people can get on here and uh... say their peace
nine hundred three votes in our pool yesterday
what's the punishment be for that bitch madeline uh... gourmet too good
the indiana woman at the Irish uh... tinker
caught beating a little girl on tape
we're in the picture to stay on national TV
three hundred twenty three votes that's almost thirty six percent
burned a bloody bitch on TV and get a ninety nine share
in fact you know something to do it on the donahue show
okay
he would certainly it would piss him off because he's against capital punishment
but secondly he probably would say well in this case i'm a conception
because of giving some numbers
and when you got like a point one share like old donahue's got you need anything
boy he is just i feel so bad
you know it's like if they try to bring joe pineback he's been dead for like forty
years
and fill i had to break the news to you but
probation only for the bitch a hundred and a what is it
hundred ninety four
that's twenty one and a half percent probation and lost the custody of her
children hundred forty nine sixteen and a half percent
one year in jail eighty eight no punishments spare the rod and spoil the child
seventy eight and three years in jail seventy one
this is my story of the day okay before we take several more great calls
i'm enjoying the calls a lot i know that comes as an amazement and you want to
know why because they sound good they sound clear and i can hear them
don't have to reach down there and the flow and grab that headset
i think we're getting there i think about twenty years will have this thing
technically figured out and maybe can even get the station on the year
prosecutor says my any beat toddler to death because she ate his breakfast
sausages you familiar with this story yeah she ate his breakfast sausages
that would do it a prosecutor told a jury yesterday that a man fatally beat his
girlfriend's two year old daughter for eating his breakfast sausages
juvon ticket twenty two i'd sure like to see juvon
is charged with first to be murder and child abuse in the September fifth
ninety eight beating of ashley smitzen was taken off life support a month later
an opening statements yesterday before date circuit judge manual crest
bow prosecutor Sally wine trough said ticket then eighteen didn't call police
until hours after the beating ashley smitzen is dead because this defendant
punched shook battered injured this child of such an extent that this almost
three-year-old baby never again consciousness wine trough said
prosecutors will present tickets take confession to police as well as the
testimony of peckinthe abradley twenty seven the girls mother what kind of a name
is that my son at wrong p.c.y.nth i pacinthia what up
a pacinthia how you be doing pacinthia Bradley pleaded man slaughter last year
for a role in the beating of a sense to eleven years in prison the first
of your charge against it was dropped in the plea deal tickets lawyers had
Bradley was solely responsible for ashley's death she took advantage of a
teenager who had not killed about fifty in the motion development of a
seven or eight-year-old and convinced him he had to be a man and had to take
the blame assistant public defender to lethally cock told the jury
hey to lethally cock said the confession picket gave police was a false
story given that Bradley's urging she said picket went to the store after they
ran out of sausages and when he came back he found ashley injured on the floor
with Bradley in a cold stare picket would be sensed like in prison if convicted
he ran at least he went back to the store to get more sausages you know that's
good
for sterilization i just i think i know where we start to you know i don't want
to get like two ethnically early in the morning especially after we had
a real good call from their one sports you see if we did not let him get
born and we wouldn't have that call
so it's a tough call isn't
but in this one case will make an exception
here's our poll for today boys and girls before we get in a heavy duty into
our bedtime stories and maybe a couple more phone calls maybe forty or fifty
more
and then of course the new to one comedy but yes he i'm starting to like a
field but another stuff is starting to work
i realize we've been like handstrong by the fact that everything is like up
in the air we can do basically what our engineering department allows us to
do and our sales department those those are the two evil areas you can pick on
more while you want you can easily dodging old man trying to do the best again
you know he's a humorous silly old man with bad vericose veins in lot of pain
but i mean engineering in the sales that's those are the evil the evil twins the
axis of evil at qa and the evil doers you'll find it our engineering and sales
departments not necessarily in that order here's our poll question today
what's your take on the tv show smallville
other some people say well that's not a very important pool you know something guess what
it's a god damn important pool and of course the fact that Georgian Carlos both missed
i bet you about Miguel saw it last night what about i don't know is he there no
but he's around somewhere i bet you're a team of galsaw
anybody with a sense of urgency understanding that after last year's climactic ending episode
that this is the begin the first episode of the year
picking up all these loose pieces most of which were flying around the tornado
and there's poor john Schneider lying in the cave with that man with that reporter
and there's like lex luther with daddy lying under that thing and now dad can't
is blind and all this other stuff and lana's sitting there and she's like i think there's
more to you Clark that you can see and he stands up it says no he says obviously what you see is what
you get and we didn't see it read your thought though we said something about what he says zucchini
here's the pool question get get with it get with it okay see this whole thing with a phone
yesterday and today it's kind of like back in the up what's your take on the tv show smallville
don't watch it i hated it blows it's okay i love it lana flicks my bick or time-willing is god
which one do you think i'm voting for i 26 at five sixty wqa is there still anybody out there
is not playing at vip sportsbook dot com i feel bad for you because we got to tell you're
missing out on a really great sports book if you're not with him you heard a lot of
hands these days but you need to do some research before you're plunked on your hard and cash
it's some unstable third world sports book let me help you out vip sports book dot com is the only
book to be unanimously endorsed by an industry watchdogs they're Dutch based hallelujah and one
of the first online sports books in the universe so if you want to go on a roll of a lifetime and if
you get lucky you want to be with the best sports book going if it happens for you and that's vip sports
book dot com the football season is in full force right now the patriots are three and oh
oh and you need to be with the best vip sportsbook dot com well that often is a three and oh two
wait till they play a real team like the sunday so open an account online and get a 15% cash
sign up bonus too then i mentioned they got the highest parliad you'll find anywhere up to 2001
well they do so get over to vip sportsbook dot com and play a book with class call one eight six
six vip beds as a tool free call one eight six six vip beds go to vip sportsbook dot com online and
get that 15% cash bonus vip sportsbook dot com where you'll be the vip
we're sports radio five six you a yeah
your gay
yo where's my mids head
i cannot buy my mids health magazine yo yo check
do you remember when i was a more saved with a
hija i do now i remember he had the cheapest blue outfit on
half the same he had a nice play man he was gay he had a plan when he restarted
and grabbed my little hand he was seducerate to seduce a me too a ball of confusion
something's rising super fast it was physical only choosing well when i left that little
cement i really was furious one of the years later on i admit now i'm curious now i think it
about me that they're written my place and not my favorite TV show is willing grace now listen
here i'm drinking decker please end up here tell me mom of the story i'm telling do you think
that's where i'm sorry mama i gotta tell you something yeah i gotta urge to wear ear
clothes cuz tonight i'm coming out the closet yeah yeah i'm uh uh uh i gotta ask you something
don't check it can you lend me your lipstick cuz tonight i'm coming out my closet
i'm begging mama please go and start on showtime
it's time to watch queer ass roll cuz tonight i'm coming out the closet
i'm pretty two of five sixty did you see this piece of copy this fax me the time
record did you he personally hand this to you yes you should have slapped him in the face
you want do you want to hear the first sentence in this piece of copy all right i could
you've been hearing about you've been hearing about i got news for you when i come back to town
which isn't that far off i'm not doing anymore his spots i'm saying goodbye to time direct that
that's gonna be my new year's resolution for the new year whether it's the Jewish New Year the
Hindu New Year or any of the upcoming uh goyish New Year i'm just i'm not doing any more of his
he's an idiot you're an idiot Todd okay you're a lazy bum forked idiot all you do is change a
few words around you keep asking the same stupidity you just won't do it you can't do it i don't
think he's got it in him i think he's gonna reload for the culligan man is what i think
Todd Dreck talk about truth and packaging now let's see we got two votes on there and you also
voted for that it's up you voted time welling is god no George says time well there's only two of us
who could have voted as me and you there no i voted i don't see it George said time welling is god
reloaded i think George is trying to tell us something the boys and girls five votes on there
and by the way happy suckers and Joseph Gackie still blows inspired what that ass sucker said the
moat this morning about thanks numbers and i got real good news for you bush loris threatened
did you even know about this seems to me like you're out of touch today about what the threat warning
yeah yeah i saw it bush loris threat alert from orange to yellow all right so everybody stand down a little
bit okay not all the way to the bottom step but stand out a couple of steps if you've been on a high
alert of him really high the last couple of weeks since 9-11 you can like knock it down a couple of
notches now does that mean that we should ease Rob less on people with doilys on their heads
well look at this article somebody just passed me from common dream from what is this
a lot of common dream to center you i should concede to feed in the war on drugs well just relax
okay don't overwhelm me with stuff because i got my own pile here man i'll never get to like any part
of it and you send me all this priest stuff this priest did this which i had the good one there
the the first one and this priest did it just ease off on a priest a little bit okay but you cut
the old father a little bit of slack no just just like mo this one there but the first right out
of the box the rip and moan ass see they're just trying to appreciate themselves with me although
the guy had excellent points and the rip and moan ass that poor old feeble guy i think there's
something wrong with our pool if you ask me or me they oh no look at what just happen there 10
people don't watch small bill which i find grotesque five people love it four said it's okay
three said time on his god george is one of those lana flicks my big two and i hated it blows one
but i must admit moana what i voted for Lana she's okay and the the crazy you know something
even you would have to admit i know you you don't want to do that he's a lot prettier than she is
i wouldn't say that i'd say he's perty yeah he's okay she's not great believe me she
know british in that category she's cute she's cute she's got a good she's cute but like to quote
some famous attorney who shows over in august for the morning or that's right he don't start till
october 1 the normal kent show which we're gonna promote heavily because we're in partnership with
him now even though he's on another station because he'll promote my show but any rate uh he
said that he met him out there remember that in in a bc somewhere in van koevo they were smoking
a little number together called by the way during the last break who did norm for what to say that he
missed small bill so he wants you to go into great detail about what happened about what it looks
like i haven't seen it okay i haven't seen it i haven't in fact Lana that's what she's saying she
saying i think there's something more than meets the eye okay rhymes with fly and he said no what
you see is what you get other words there's nothing there he's an old smoothie maybe doesn't maybe
he doesn't have a penis superman you know because when you got to wear those tights later on which he
hasn't got him on yet but and this episode he found out he can fly he's not for sure but when he was
saving her out of that red pickup truck in january who was laying prone in the back and he said the
daddy after he saved daddy's life john stutter who looks like he's eight fifty years by the way in the
offseason but uh he says oh yeah he says i this amazing thing happened i realized that i felt like i was
flying he was flying he was like floating and flying so when he has to start putting on those
superman tights he don't want to have nothing down there protruding and interfering but the promo
for next week don't miss next week normal okay normal who said the time welling is gorgeous did he
also tell you how he's coming on your contract by the way normal no he talked to a carlos he said
it was hysterical that he missed that he missed smallville yeah when you got you guys to miss smallville
suck okay by the way McGill called and he also miss smallville he says his cable was out though
oh yeah everybody's got an excuse see i got my priorities in order all right i got my things
straightened out 47 votes on there already i don't watch it 22 it's okay eight Lana flicks my big six
i love it six humbling is gone three i hated it blows two that's a moan guilty because whatever
most has guilty agree with him hey let's hear some hockey talk on that show huh we still got a hockey
team of sorts in fact even up here on one of the sports channels this morning i was channel
surf and i was mike keenon and they were saying well you know the panther yeah right likely story but
nevertheless you won't hear about it down there because you got a star push on there one
dimensional mr football man papa papa papa feet and a little bit of NBA too because of that
self-acquired you know and anybody that knocks Johnny most as far as i'm concerned needs to be
it have a lobotomy anybody would knock Johnny most i see all that crap about homers that was all
the the New York thing because they had three baseball teams in the same market so that's the reason
why vince scully who's boring is dog crap by the way vince scully played it very down a road and
male alan and red barber and you can tell by the inflection in their voice they were a little more
a little more for the home team but they had to play it down a road now Russ Hodges never did that
with a giants am i right George who the Bush administration lowered the nationwide terrorist
threat index today based upon intelligence assessments indicating that the injury of attack is
diminished in the two weeks since the anniversary of the nine eleven terrorist attacks but but the
administration caution that the public should remain vigilant and said that the tax file credo
or the groups remain a possibility they said there continues to be a significant risk of attacks
coated yellow and the constant introduced in march representing the mid-range of the five
stage alert index so stand on the middle step on that ladder that you're on you know i mean you go
the high wrong therefore we get when we get to the red just jump to the very top step and then jump
off attorney general john d ackroft and homeland security director tom rigid raised the threat level
of orange satisfying a signifying a high risk of attack when we know we all that say where's this
from Washington post we know all of that stuff okay we don't need all the background stuff we want
to know where we are right now any word is yellow kind of like chinese yellow which your don't
like the chinese he's got to bug up his ass about chinese is because he eat dogs not just
hey look at Todd direct look what he eats or huh that's the room where i'm here and
look at right lotterdale he eats ass
boy oh boy look at all the stuff he just facts me here i don't know what uh huh lots of it
boy i guess the sun was good tons of crap here
foreshop to mystic about the economy yeah he's he's optimistic about his economy rumor has it
that they're doing pretty well infamous mom gets visiting rights that bitch caught on video
beating her four-year-old daughter in a parking lot will be able to visit the child once
to twice a week while the girl is in temporary foster care her attorney said
madeline gorman not too good was scheduled meet with her daughter Martha to safe house for about
90 minutes so yesterday however too good and her husband returned away yesterday from the
india and safe house where Martha's been cared for temporarily after officials there said the girl
little girls got the flu that's what they said the visit will be rescheduled for today or tomorrow
Charles Smith directly st. yo county office of family and children said his agency tries to
schedule such meetings quickly we want to as much as possible retain the ties and connections to
the families because our initial goal if at all possible is to reunify them with the parents he
said two good twenty five was the rain on the felony charge of battery to a child innocent
who was entered on her behalf and hearing on Monday they had some brought on last night a
one of the head out talking head shows mentioned the point and a good point is that little kids
heal up real fast from bruises and things like that yes they did so the idea that they had to
doctor examine her and there was like no signs of beating or anything like that that means nothing
because they heal up real quick so i say fried of bloody bitch and most people agree with me in our
poised they did which we say all right right a bitch said a good example okay it's one thing to
like smack your kid a little bit like you see in stores kids out of control give a little smack once
in a while but the whipping and beating and flailing and carrying on and looking around just to
make sure nobody was watching and like taking a deep breath and then starting in again i wish
traveler my fat ass okay you're tinkerin with life bitch and what's what's that group call that
she's with the um oh her her clan her particular clan yeah i forget well the Georgia boys are the
other ones the Georgia going something like that oh by the way happy suckers before the show today
Carlos asked me says what's a sucker that's remember that expression of suckers born every minute
and most of them by spots from Todd Dreck the green or the carols that's it green horn carols
which a uh yeah they in fact i understand the hurricanes are planning this weekend
they're like a junior high team from indiana the hercunes are planning got around 400 points let's
hear it all the cunes you know there's never been a better time to purchase a new home or
refinance or existing home but i guess you know that by now how about this rate 3.95% sounds
too good to be true but it's right call financial group because they can offer you an unprecedented
3.95% by picking up the phone and calling them right now 1-800-940-LND 1-800-940-5363 the money
you're going to save is incredible just like Todd Dreck he's incredible he's an asshole think about it
you can get a hundred thousand dollar loan for only a four hundred and fifty bucks a month or a two
hundred thousand dollar loan for just nine hundred and fifty bucks a month the process is simple
and you'll save yourself thousands of dollars this year and every year so pick up the phone
to call our good pizons our pals at financial groups say hi pally at 1-800-940-LND there's
never been a better time to get yourself a low interest rate call financial group and you'll be
on your way to big fat savings speaking of pally financial group is an equal housing letter
credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change so call right now tool free 1-800-940-LND
and 1-800-940-5363
oh that the lord even loves neo-roger
heading
Patrick talked them
these
Yellow light, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye,
that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's eye, that's Bruce's guys,
We have a good show.
Press and be canon on MSNBC.
We'll move on.
As we got a new, we got that new to one thing.
What is this?
Priests placed on restrictions after alleged indecent exposure.
A Roman Catholic priest living in Anoka, where is that?
Has been placed on restrictions by a superior after he was
set up for indecent exposure in Deciertal Aconduct last week.
Ed Groui, 65, a member of the Crozier Religious Order, was set
by police after allegedly exposing himself in a meal undercover
police officer Friday afternoon at Pioneer Park in Blaine.
I have no idea what state this is in, what public Minnesota is from.
What is it?
Minnesota, I think.
Okay, Minnesota.
We're going to have Jesse Ventura beat the crap out of this old
father.
I'll tell you that right now.
Beat the snot out of him.
So Prano's grilling goals, my Jersey view.
Now, what is the big sentence with this?
Are they ever going to stop this crap, all these professional
ethnics?
No.
A Miss America page in Judge was run to ask Miss New Jersey about her
views on the sopranos, the contestant in some Italian American goods
be saying all very uptight, all psychotic.
The judge asked Alicia Renee Luciano, what she thought about the
show was that Luciano, which should be the right way to say
Natalia.
No, a couple of words, not too many.
They asked Alicia Renee what she thought about the show during
interviews, seven of a Saturday nights pageant Atlantic City.
The HBO drama focuses on fictional mob boss Tony soprano as he
juggles organized crime and his family life in suburban Jersey.
The show has been criticized for reinforcing Italian American stereotypes,
which we don't do on issue.
I've had to that.
The Italian people are wonderful people.
And they make a great pasta and make pretty good little pizza, too,
as a matter of fact, and there's wood burning ovens and those brick
ovens.
Right.
It all forgets big and a pizza pizza loft.
The location opens next Monday the 30th out there in plantation.
Luciano 19 answered that people shouldn't take television so seriously.
And that good parenting should offset violence on TV.
It was a question I didn't think they would ask of anyone other than some
of my background.
She told the daily record of her sippony for Tuesday's edition.
The biomeurice and spleen be the first Italian American to represent New Jersey
in the pageant.
I wasn't expecting that.
Luciano said everyone else was getting questions about how they
felt about performance, dance, and the arts.
Several Italian American groups agreed calling the question
insensitive and insulting.
Miss America officials did not immediately return a message left at their
office yesterday.
I don't think it was appropriate to Anthony Marci,
vice president of the North Jersey chapter of fiery.
A group of students and young adults that celebrate
the Italian culture.
F I E R R W F I E R W Y.
How do you say that?
Fieri.
Whatever.
Ferry.
New Jersey chapter of Ferry.
It's a television show that should be taken with a grain of
solitude.
But at the same time, it's had an American should be cognizant that it adds
to these stereotypes in this country.
Despite some changes in the page, including the addition of 16 question
multiple choice quiz from the five finalists and Wayne Brady is the first
black every to MC Miss America.
Your ship was down.
It was down, baby.
Neil Simini research reports only some prominent people bothered to
ingency the crowning of Erica Harold as Miss America 2003.
That's the fewest in page in history and down 1.6 million from last
year.
That'll teach them to take bird parks off that show, even if he is dead.
At the same time, no, the show did run more viewers than any other
prime time programs.
So beat the competition, but the audience was way down.
And that's because they're picking on those great attacking Americans.
Those are the sittions.
They addressed that on the show by the way.
What?
The stereotype they have other.
Where did they send it?
They addressed it?
Yes.
And stamped it.
Barcelona.
She.
I'm sorry.
Nothing.
They had other Italian Americans pointing to them and pointing them out and
saying you people, you're the ones responsible for this negative stereotype that we have.
That kind of thing.
What does that mean?
In the show.
Let me say it.
Let me make it very simple.
OK, I know my Italian.
I've been around a block a few times in Italy and I've also been in New York.
There's Guido's and there's real Italians.
I've told you that for years.
OK, the people at UC, in fact, the sopranos thing.
That's why I don't like that show.
Those are Guido's.
I'm not interested in Guido's.
I want to see the Godfather.
There were no Guido's and the Godfather.
Even the Elywala, his baddest is acting, wasn't Godfather 3.
And it was an abortion.
Even his bad thought, maybe we could reason together.
He should have been shot right there in a spot.
Forget the Canole's County.
Godshould has asked on the spot.
But nevertheless, the people depicted on that move in those three movies, they were all
like real Italians except of course for George Hamilton who shouldn't have been there in
the first place except of course for Tom Hagen who was a crowd-mick whatever he was.
But other than that, they were like real Italians.
They were Sicilian.
They weren't a bunch of like Guido's but they had pursuit and all that crap.
OK, if you want to see a bunch of Guido, go see my friends at Doris Market and see
some of their customers.
OK, some of those in the New York, Guido's.
Go in here.
Give me a half a pound of pursuit.
I'm going to give you a pursuit.
OK.
How they doing over Doris Market by the way?
See how I'm out of touch.
But so there's like Sicilians, there's there's mobsters, there's people who are connected
and there's people who are disconnected.
And there's people who should be like most of the caller is disconnected.
You got it?
Got it.
That's it.
That's all you need to know.
I mean you got your garden variety like Italians, the people like Joe Castello who don't
even know how to pronounce his name right.
Which you always say Joe Castello because it's filled with the name.
Right.
It's not Castello.
It's not how you pronounce his name.
And don't tell me he pronounces it that way because I can't be responsible if the guy
just don't know how to pronounce his own name.
It's not Joe Castello.
In Italian, the A is always pronounced.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, like when I saw Tom Mulling last night.
Ah, ah, I would have gone like that.
Got it?
How's that pool coming on smallville by the way?
96 votes already.
I don't watch it.
64 and a half percent of the sudden still watching.
Do you have any idea how that frost might ask?
I really don't care.
I don't care if anybody else watches it.
Although you know something?
See most of the people who watch smallville are like younger people.
I mean, we don't have no young people listening to watch anymore.
Do we know?
No.
They're all gone.
They don't want to hear bedtime stories.
They want to hear.
Hey, Tommy's a douchebag.
What's this fine?
Let him fight it someplace else.
Oh, and by the way, speaking of that, guess who had a really big trend?
Let me give you a clue.
Are you sure?
Yeah, Bill.
For the first time in ages, he actually made an impact there.
I think he was number five in a man.
Oh, nice.
Like a five share, something like that.
How do you like that?
That's about time.
Well, that's because you were under in the summer months and every district for some entertainment.
Right.
I don't watch it.
62.
It's okay.
Nine.
I love it.
Nine.
Lanna, look, it flips my big eight.
Tom Mulling is God five.
And I love it.
Or I hated it.
It blows three.
So they're all over the place.
At least we got him like a small villain, Tensin now.
And by the way, Norma, you know, by these amazing things got 16 different TV sets.
By this amazing thing called a VCR and tape the show, Dumbo.
How could you miss smallville?
Of course, if he were up here, he'd see it against I'm like Wednesday.
I also remember I went to that thing last night when they were like out of sync.
Son of Miami's top prosecutor of woods jail in pot case.
The 18 year old son of date counties top prosecutor accepted the deal to avoid jail after it was caught carrying marijuana.
When he tried to board a flight to Puerto Rico,
that'll teach him to go see them weekends.
That's what George would say.
A judge accepted Justin Robert Rundle's entry into a pre-trial diversion program Monday.
The son of state attorney Catherine Fernandez Rundle accepted the deal with Pope County prosecutors August 30th.
You think that's where Pope salad any came from with Pope County?
His mother decided not to handle this case because of a conflict of interest.
Under the deal, they misdemeanors possession of marijuana charge against Rundle will be thrown out if he completes.
We have provident includes classes and community service.
And by the way, I've got that next spot coming up there right now, as a matter of fact,
a ceramic pipe and three grams marijuana was detected in Rundle's pocket after research with a security one in Miami International Airport,
prior to boarding American violence, fight with his mother on August 15th.
The court of police records.
They've taken deal.
Okay.
At least didn't have crack an issue like poor what's the name?
No well, the last no well, 956.
And what do we do now?
About what?
Didn't you fast me new copy here that Todd Wreck was bringing in?
No.
I guess switch it with something maybe you know, he ain't bringing nothing.
He's a piece of crap, okay?
I hope that a gigantic Mac truck comes flying through that parking lot.
The minute he walks out there anytime today and just turns him into like an ant squashes him like a net.
By now, I'm sure you've heard the incredible earning potential by computer professional and that the the demand is bigger and better than ever for computer professionals.
You've heard it because Todd Wreck don't want to give us any new copy.
You also just talk about the great people at fast train.
So do yourself a favor and pick up the phone and call fast train tool free at 866 fast train.
You can complete your program, get certified in just for sure at months and be on your way to a new higher paying career.
Not making a kind of money that Todd Wreck is stealing out of QAAM, but nevertheless making some serious cash.
Fast train has got four convenient locations indeed and Brown, including Pembroke Pines and the new one in Kendall.
The other two we have no clue because he just won't tell us fast train has got convenient day eating.
We can class it to fit your schedule. They got full time job placement department over 30 years experience.
By the way, Duff and Clarence, you both got scammed. He lied to you last week as usual.
You're both got scammed sucker, sucker. Don't delay pick up the phone.
Call our good friends at fast train tool free when you call.
Please Tom get a different AE to take the commission on this account and Todd Wreck because he's killing him.
Call 866 fast train. That's one 866 fast train or check him out of the web at fast train.com.
Live in local. Here sports radio 560s. You a UAM.
Case to be from 5 to 7 is Treasure Island. It's our WQAM Happy Hour party with me, Miguel, Boca Brian and I'm in charge.
We'll be there at 2 for 1 drinks, free admission and lots of babes. Treasure Island is right off the Palmetto North of the 120 second 3 desert.
A true gentleman's club where some of the most beautiful babes bear it all for you.
Open daily at noon you can enjoy a free buffet lunch until 3 and escape your hard day while being entertained by a gorgeous Treasure Island dancer.
Every night Treasure Island features a free midnight and breakfast buffet.
But who's kidding who? The real reason you should come down to Treasure Island is the ladies.
They get up close and personal with you and help release all your inhibitions.
Treat yourself to a friction dance and unwind.
Today promises to be a great party. You have to come down and join me in the whole crew and the hottest women you've ever seen at Treasure Island.
Located right off the Palmetto at 120 second street for more information call 305 558 2221.
That's 305 558 2221 or go to Treasure Island dancers.com. Treasure Island open daily from noon till 5 a.m. come on down and enjoy yourself.
Go go go go and that's why I think that's just a lot of championship season.
And where do I tell you you don't talk to like say you can talk this is the beast.
I said shut up that's all that you're like a father to me.
You don't talk to l'm done talking when I'm done talking then you talk.
Okay. I'll pay me. Come here. Come here. I want you to meet a friend of mine. Mr. Gough Club.
Why are you on a table? I'm going to show you the business and the mistake. Come here.
This court sentences you to 20 years in ours.
Would you invoke I don't attack off my mattress look like we'll be your book mates.
The names more how it David Star is stage screen and paradise. What's yours?
Big old me coffee. You got so pan. Thank you.
Hey, but it's old Paul drill. I'm going to make you my walk.
Hey, no, but it's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not.
I'm sure. We got 10 minutes. It was to be safe and easy.
Yo, both of you. Yo, man. You know who I am.
Okay, man. Then don't pick it up now. All right. But I expect a print in the
apology. I might just come out. I'm going to see you now.
Thanks. Well, Mr. David. Oh, what a joke. Jack. Jack. How can it help you?
You see what I keep getting raped.
Oh, he's a baddish. Yeah, look into it right away. Thanks a lot.
It's about time. Somebody. Drop your pad. I said drop your pad. This was awesome.
That's for favors. Don't come to you. Yo, yo, let's rape.
Oh, really, oh big shot. That's how we pass the time away in the gay old jail.
All right. 10, oh three at five 60 WQM. Happy Wednesday to you.
Sonny Shionan. Man, it's just beautiful. Oh, that's right. You got all those storms
around you there. Yeah. But all right. Just muggy. One of the west and one of
the east and one is coming. One is going. And guess what the good news is?
CBS news finally wise up. Guess who Dan Ratherhead on last night to pontificate
about the hurricane, the coming one and the reforming one. Our old friend, Dr.
Neil Frank, they've been using good guy. Yeah. Good guy. They've been using him lately.
And I noticed that Brian has kind of vanished into the woodwork. Thank God.
Not that. Here's one of our regular facts. He says I miss small villal too. Does WB repeated during the week?
If you know, guess I can check the listings. Guess you can check the listings.
Because they repeated. I think it's on global or something here like tonight.
As a matter of fact, but you're not here. So at any rate, I'm not going to watch it again.
It was good, but not that good. But it would like to tie up all these loose ends
from last year or so many of them. The good news is though, of course, John Snyder.
He's okay. He looks a little none the better for where they say none the worst for
where he looks a lot worse for where he looks about 90 years old. And mommy.
She's still got that little pinched nose, you know. Good old mommy. And then the
the spaceship at the end of the show, we see is laying in the middle of a
space. You look like it about the size of your foot. The smallest damn spaceship
I ever saw. And you sort of think it was for a baby. But it's gotten it looks like it's
gotten even smaller. At the end of the show, they just show that off in a field
somewhere in it is. It's like a little little opening there in this little tiny
space. You're about the size of your thumb is sitting in there. So somebody's
going to like come across that thing. And we're going to say, oh, Clark can't
sell his bomb material to Iran says the BBC today. How do you like that? Talk about
about about a bunch of hypocrites British officials have ever proved the export of
key components needed to make nuclear weapons to Iran and other countries known to
be developing such weapons. This couldn't be the same Tony Blair who made that
impassioned speech yesterday in front of the parliament. Clear. Yeah, it's clear as
mud is what it's clear clear that you're full of crap that you're a puppet.
An investigation by BBC Radio 4 program file on four will disclose that the
Department of Trade and Industry allowed a quantity of the metal verulium to be sold
to Iran last year. That medal is needed to make nuclear bombs. Britain's had an
arms embargo to Iran since 1993 and signed up to an international protocol which
vans the sale of verulium, the name countries, including Iran. Liberal Democrat
Foreign Affairs spokesman Menziz Campbell who's been alerted to the BBC program's
material is said to be extremely alarmed. You got it? Extremely alarmed.
Verulium is a metal with a limited number of high tech uses in civilian
industry but is mostly used in defense application that is a vital component of a
nuclear bomb. The program is also going to be leading nuclear weapons expert in the
UK who says that the Verulium and other items which the DTI is licensed to Iran
add up to a shopping list for nuclear weapons program. The UK has had an arms
embargo against Iran but not a trade embargo. The program highlights the
weakness in the UK's new export control system which was set up to stop the
proliferation of nuclear weapons. It will reveal that Iranian procurement agents
have been working in the UK to get sensitive material back to Iran and that
Pakistan has also been successful in procuring material for its nuclear program
from the UK. It is also likely to cause concern among Britain's allies this
says President Bush named Iran as we all know as part of that axis of evil
accusing the Iranian regime of sponsoring terrorism and yet our good
close friends, the Brits are peddling them all kinds of good stuff to help them
make nukes. Man, Maureen Dowd says no more brow worse and that's bad because I love
my brow worse. God. Don't you like have you ever had the brow worse?
Yes. I tell you it is so damn good. I'd like to hop on a plane to go to
a cologne right now. Fly over to Amsterdam, get on the train, go down to cologne
and about two and a half hours right there by the train station right in the
train station and that train station in cologne man you could spend a week
there. You even got beautiful turlits you know like if there's a pay thing you
have to put in like it used to be whatever in helikur or two marks or whatever
or a mark and now you have to put I guess one euro and you go through it and
they got like all these towel people and they got like beautiful fancy you could
spend a half a day hanging out of the toilets cruising the tea rooms no more
brow worse rights Maureen Dowd. Alot leave your drill out there don't be drilling
no glory holes there and you know click it nervous about that aren't they
pre drilled over there? Yes. And the holes too. Maureen says they rule their
world ruthlessly and insolently deciding who'll get a cold shoulder who
will get locked out of the power click and who'll get withering glairs until
they gravel and obey the arbitrary dictates of the leaders. We could be talking
about the middle school alpha girls smug cheerleaders with names like Darcy
Brittany and Whitney but no we're talking about the ostensibly mature and
seasoned leaders of the western world a slender former cheerleader named W
and his high heading click Condi Rummy and Cheney. I used to think the bush
hawks suffered from testosterone poisoning always throwing sharp elbows and
cartoonishly chesty my way or the highway talker on the world when a less
belligerent tone would be classy and more effective but now we have the spectacle
of the 70 year old Rummy acting like a 16 year old Heather Vixen slapping those
lower in the global hierarchy trying to dominate and silence the beta
countries with less money and fewer designer weapons and a meeting of NATO
defense ministers this weekend Warsaw the Pentagon chief stubbed his
urine counterpart Peter Stroke refusing to meet with him only dating the
shake his hand at the cocktail party he was on the dismorning Heinrich
hella rumcell denying this all while he was busy the winnest and I was
been and he didn't shine anybody said full of crap echoing Condi's
pivishness Rummy announced that the campaign of Gerhard Schroeder who eaked out a
victory by running against the bush pushed to invade Iraq had the effective
poisoning in relationship in their eagerness to apply adolescent torture
methods bush hawks seem to have forgotten history do we really want to punish
the Germans for being pacifists once those guys get rolling in the other
direction they really don't know how to put the brakes on who could line
mr. Schroeder behaved like a good beta tried to align himself with the American
alphas by dumping his embarrassing friends the justice minister who linked
Mr. Bush's tactics to Hitler's and the parliamentary floor leader compared
W. to Augustus the Roman Emperor who subdue the Germanic tribes mr. Stroke
and the German Foreign Minister Yoshka Fisher or eager wannabes mr. Stroke
offered more German trips for Afghanistan and mr. Fisher apologized to
Colin Powell the administration's ganna girl the careful listener who'd always
rather build relationships then run rough shot over them here had will have to go
through way of uh more of a shame spiral he can forget about getting Germany a
permanency on the UN Security Council and no more bratwurst on White House
menus the state department wanted a pressure in prison to make nice with the
Germans but W. was like enjoying his hissy fit refusing to make the
customary call to congratulate mr. Schroeder as with alpha girls the president
makes leadership all about him he thinks there are only two places to be with
him on a rack or with the terrorists after all Germany is not Saudi Arabia
they have elections over there and surely the bushes have heard of candidates
saying whatever it takes and placating for a special interest to win an
election and then ending the fences afterward three words Bob Jones University
all polls know today adversaries tomorrow's ally maybe the bush policy on
empire and preemption allows us to decide not only you can run a country but
one of the proper issues for other nation's election debates bush senior
was a master of personal diplomacy taking heads to stay down in a cigarette
vote to Orioles games and to the Aaron Space Museum to see the movie the
flood to fly or the fly that would be good one to see I don't like him by the way
what's his name Ron gold gold glum gold glum Jeff go oh he makes me sick the good
version of that was the first one of Vincent Price yes anyway he was a bush
senior was a foreign policy realist to use socializing gossiping notes and
phone calls to lubricate relations with other leaders but W who was always the
Roman candle and hatchet man in the family has turned his father's good manners
upside down consulting spiritly leaving poor Tony Blair to make the case
against his foes for him and treating policy disagreements as personal
slights only the Saudis get away with disobliving the administration on a
rack without being frozen out they're like the spoiled foreign princesses in a
high school dripping in dolce in Gabon on asprey who drive the Mercedes
convertibles into the magic alpha circle but then Germans merely make Mercedes
Saudis control the oil so rights don't Marines out today's hero time high
school on marine not too many of the boards in their day either I noticed that
well she's starting to think about me 153 votes what's your take on the TV show
smallville on the wb on Warner Brothers wb standing for worlds best in case of that
show pretty good show not the best show but pretty good show better than the
sopranos plate here's it is bigger plates I don't watch it 102 at 65% 65% of the
audience almost two thirds don't watch smallville
Lana flex my big 13 I love it 13 I hated it blows 12 it's okay 11 and Tom
Molling is God six because all the facts and the women are like to busy doing
each other doing something I guess not each other they're doing something we
got the mad dog at one o'clock today only let me take a look at schedule why
see Daniel Bastard was on 7 3 this morning just as he was about to come on
year George you're flipped off that morning shows I couldn't hear it thank you by
the way no charge why would they put Daniel Bastard on here of course why would
people put Bino cook on here I guess to kill an hour kill those numbers we don't
want to overdo it Humber don't want to overdo it now that Joseph Gekki build up
his number Jim Mandage one ankle beyond a 360 got Marlins on deck it's almost over
boys and girls just the final few days oh get it over already Marlins at the
spows at 705 in front of a gigantic crowd of at least 100 Eddie K after baseball
Joe and Mark the dirty boys overnight with Amber Lynn and Ginger Lynn and Peter
North and Joe South ought to be pretty damn good new balance of South Florida
covers all your athletic and footwear needs if you need new athletics you
as for cross training running walking weightlifting cross dressing
any other activities you got going new balance of South Florida's got you
covered and of course like I always tell you about new balance unlike many of
the shoes doors when they say you know what size you were in to get a box off
the shelf they they don't mess with that they want to make sure they're giving
you a perfect fit which is why they measure it the old fashioned way just like
time welling with the big ones they measure how long and wide it is before they
fit you up and your foot too and they got every size under the sun they got
from infants all the way up to size 20 can you imagine a size 20 shoe no man
that's a boat good golly miss Molly I bet you even will the still never had no
size 20 shoe new balance of South Florida's got style sizes and what's the
shoes you can only find before in catalogs or by mail order they're your one
stock shop so make a run a new balance of South Florida you'll find them in
three locations now and a fourth one coming up soon they're in the Evans
Ramall Pine Crest Boca Town Center and coming in November to their great new
location in Palm Beach Gardens if you're feet attacked you they would for
sloughing them over to new balance shoes and beat that gator me coming up
tonight inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile
story we take it good hard stiff looking to start
the men ramma here at America they had nothing more than a minor impact with
their songs crew summer and Venus but in Britain they had 23 top 40 singles
and ran into the most successful all-girl group in history which leads to a
very important question what the hell is up with Britain look look I really
rather not talk about it after a song reporter broke a two decade silence about
the dirty facts England was hoping to keep buried British ambassador to the
UN Nigel Collin chewy Mingus statement these are the banana rama where is shame
where embarrassed can you not just leave us in peace inside the behind took to
the streets of England to find out how this smarty pants forward so much better
than new country could be so filled with cleanest losers who have no taste in
music excuse me can you talk to us about how you people thought so highly of
banana ramma yeah no darling I was hooked to them okay
tell everyone we're not all this way I'm quite far the bangles really but when
our camera crew went to a London pub things got ugly excuse me gentlemen
care to apologize for banana ramma sure night soon as you apologize for Christopher
across you mean signing me okay hang on guys hang on well you have to admit
Christopher crosses left us with a lot to answer for
oh god it's a big juicy shopping let's look at show business tonight on
inside the behind okay George likes it 10.19 at 5.60 W.D.Q.A.
George and Miguel and Bokeh Brian and Carlos tonight 5.7 of Treasure Island at
the look oh that's right it's Wednesday see I don't know every day to me they
just all run into each other located just off the palm at or just north of
the 120-second street exit stop five for our usual very low budget QA and
prizes but also get two for one drinks that's tonight a Treasure Island with
Miguel and George and Bokeh Brian and Carlos so there won't be too much left
over for the rest of you guys but hop in there anyway oh guess it was on
the end speaking MSNBC guess it was on yesterday show I give up Ron Paul who's
a medical doctor and a public and member of Congress from Texas a conservative
Republican and one of the things that they talked about was this list of
35 questions that he read this on the house floor okay all those questions
that he wanted answers to that he didn't right he never got and he's foaming
at them out and he's see it's amazing the more conservative just like Pat
you can and the more conservative these guys are the less they want to
rattle their spears of war and the more that the questioning what the list is
really all about so anyway Texas Republican representative Ron Paul who's
very conservative rather following the house representatives September 10th of
this year soon we hope that hearings on the pending war with Iraq here are some
questions I would like answered by those who are urging us to start this war one
is it not true that the reason we didn't bomb the Soviet Union the high-of-the-code
war was because we knew they could retaliate too was it not also true that
we are we are willing to bomb Iraq now because we know it cannot retaliate
we just confirmed that there's no real threat three is it not true that there
were those who argued that even with inspections we cannot be sure that
Hussein might be hiding weapons and at the same time imply that we can be
more sure that weapons exist in the absence of inspections four is it not
true that the UN's international atomic energy agency was able to complete
its yearly verification mission to Iraq just this year with Iraqi cooperation five
is it not true that the intelligence community has been unable to develop a
case tying Iraq to global terrorism and all much less the attacks on the
US last year does anyone remember that 15 of the 19 hijackers came from Saudi
Arabia and that none of them came from Iraq six was former CIA counter-terrorism
chief Vincent Canastero wrong when he recently said there's no confirmed
evidence of Iraq's length of terrorism seven is it not true that the CIA is
concluded there's no evidence that a prog meeting between 911 hijacker
Muhammad Ahti and Iraqi intelligence ever took place eight is it not true that
Northern Iraq where the administration claimed al-Qaeda were hiding up is in
the control of our allies the Kurds nine is it not true that the vast majority
of al-Qaeda leaders who escaped the period of made it safely to Pakistan under
our so-called allies ten has anyone noticed that Afghanistan is rapidly
shrinking into total chaos with bombings and assassinations becoming daily
occurrences and that according to a recent UN report the al-Qaeda is by all accounts
alive and well and poised to strike again how when and where it chooses 11 why
are we taking precious military and intelligence resources away from
tracking down those who did attack the US and who may again attack the US and
using them to invade countries that have an attack the US twelve would an attack
on Iraq not just confirm the Arab world's worst suspicions about the US and
isn't this what been law and wanted in the first place thirteen how can
it be compared to Hitler when he has no avi no no navy no air force and now
has an army one fifth the size of 12 years ago which even then proved totally
inept at defending the country fourteen is it not true that the constitutional
power to declare war is exclusively that of the congress should presidents
conquer the constitutional law congress to concur only when pressured by public
opinion our presidents permitted to rely on the UN from permission to go to war
fifteen are you aware of a Pentagon report studying changes that thousands of
Kurds in one village charges rather that thousands of Kurds in one village were
gasped by the Iraqis which found no conclusive evidence that Iraq was
responsible that Iran occupied the very city involved in that evidence
indicated the type of gas used was more likely controlled by Iran and not by
Iraq sixteen is it not true that anywhere between a hundred and three hundred
thousand US soldiers have suffered from Persian Gulf War syndrome for the
first Gulf War and that thousands may have died seventeen are we prepared for
possibly thousands of American casualties in war against the country that
doesn't have the capacity to attack the United States eighteen are we willing
to bear the economic burden of a one hundred billion dollar war against Iraq
with oil prices expected to skyrocket and further rattling already shaky
American economy how about an estimated thirty years of occupation of Iraq that
some have deemed necessary to build democracy there nineteen Iraq's alleged
violations of UN resolutions are given as reason to initiate an attack yet is
it not true that hundreds of UN resolutions have been ignored by various
countries without penalty not to mention a names twenty did former president
Bush not set the UN resolution nineteen ninety as the reason he couldn't
march into Baghdad while supporters of a new attack assert that it's the very
reason we can march into Baghdad twenty one is it not true that current
contrary to current claims the no-fly zones were set up by Britain and the US
without specific approval from the United Nations twenty two if we claim
membership in the international community and conform to its rules only when
it pleases us doesn't deserve to undermine our position directing directing
animosity toward us by both friend and foe their thirty five days by the way
well mention that yes twenty three how can our declared goal of bringing
bringing democracy to Iraq be believable when we prop up dictators throughout
the Middle East and support military talents like Moussierreff and Pakistan
who overthrew a democratically elected president twenty four are you
familiar with the nineteen ninety four senatorings that revealed the US knowingly
supplied chemical and biological materials to a rack during the Iran Iraq war
in his latest nineteen ninety two including after the alleged Iraqi gas attack on
occurred its village twenty five did we notice this satan who seems rise to
power by supporting and encouraging his invasion of Iran is it honest to
criticize satan now for his invasion of Iran at which time we actively
supported twenty six is it not true that preventive horse anonymous with an
act of aggression and has never been considered a moral or legitimate US
policy twenty seven why do the oil company executive strongly support this
war if oil is not the real reason we plan to take over Iraq twenty eight why
is it that those who never wore uniform and are confident that they won't have
to personally fight this war are more anxious for this war than our generals
twenty nine what is the moral argument for attacking a nation that's not
initiated aggression against us and couldn't do it if they wanted to thirty
where does the constitution grant us permission to wage war for any reason
other than self defense thirty one is it not true that a war against Iraq rejects
the sentiments of the time on her treaty of Westpadia nearly four hundred
years ago that country should never go into another for the purpose of regime
change thirty two is it not true that the more civilized society is the less
likely disagreements will be settled by war thirty three is it not true that
since world war two congress is not declared war and not coincidentally have we
won since then had a clear cut victory thirty four is it not true that
Pakistan especially through its intelligence services was an active supporter
and key organizer the Taliban and thirty five why not those who want more bring
a formal declaration more resolution to the floor of congress those are the
thirty five questions asked by representative Ron Paul of Texas conservative
Republican and of course you didn't get no answers well I need a helpful
foaming at the mouth yesterday on the Buchanan press and I'll say it again you
really need to read this book forbidden truth by John Charles Bissart and
Gaguy Ome d'Aske the two Frenchman U.S. Taliban secret or diplomacy in the
last night and I'm gonna tell you something it just just enough to make you
puke your gut stop but hey there are a lot of people out there don't want to be
bothered by the truth they don't want no bedtime stories they can't be bothered
with it because they got important stuff to worry about like football you know
what I'm talking about they got important things to worry about like ball games
like like that so our Rome is burning most of the American public are doing
a crap you know watching a bunch of silly crap like smallville I'm sorry yeah
Norm you better get with it mister okay Rome is burning and you're watching the
smallville just because you think Tom what's his name well he's gorgeous Tom
small is bill 195 votes on that by the way 68.7% of this audience don't watch
smallville how do you like that they don't watch it 134 land afflicts my big 15 I
hated it blows 14 I love it 14 it's okay 11 and Tom willing is God seven seven
people with good taste and I'm coming next next Tuesday show promises to be a
bar and burner man they he was flaming he was so hot I'm serious they have like
flames right hey you sick of being taken advantage of by real estate agents and
brokers when you're looking to sell your home are you tired of that well if you
are check out save realty.com here's how it works you retain the rights to sell
your home you can also show and sell your home to buyers who call you directly and
if you sell your home this way you pay only 1% commission and that's it save
realty.com operates with all MLL's MLL's Realtors like I just said you can also
show your home to real is if they sell your home you'll only have to pay the
real to the commission they traditionally charge you for bringing you a buyer
the bottom line is you're going to save yourself cash contact saverylty.com on
the web at saverylty.com or call them directly at 9 5 4 7 8 8 26 60 if you want to
stop dealing with real estate agents and brokers when you're selling your home
and save money at the same time let's save realty.com show you how to be doing
it log on to saverylty.com today save realty.com the best and easiest way to
send your home column at 9 5 4 7 8 8 26
Go to hell and you die
A rap
Oh
there
can purchase four Back pain
From 200 years ago, when they were slaves
When I only have a mobile home, a pitful and a pinch of skull
So if you wanna ask me how, here's what I gotta say
You're going how you die, you've got to, yes a nigger good morning
You're killing back your sorry for it's lavin' them all
Yes a nigger good morning, and that's where everybody's who is dead and tall
If I was born in 1802, old and slaves ain't something I'd do
But what were dead people dead to you, I have to take the plane
When you're still four and old ninety-eight
Okay
With a can of smelly cherry in fact, instead of forty acres and a mule I have a better way
You've got to, yes a nigger good morning
And one on how we bear a bargain frame of two
Yes a nigger good morning, and that's your restitution for it's lavin' you
Yes a nigger good morning, and kill'em that you're sorry for it's lavin' them all
Yes a nigger good morning, and that's where everybody's who is dead and tall
Every time I play that I can take only one thing
And that is those people that hang those little things from their rearview mirrors
Little things
Then little things you know like a pine tree or what do they call those
No no I'm not talking about the scent things, oh the air fresheners, the air freshener crap
Wasn't that where they hang them like usually from the rearview mirror?
The air fresheners?
Yes, where else you be sticking those?
Canadian vicar under fired dressing is Elvis
A Canadian anglican priest who dresses Elvis Presley for weddings and funerals is under fire for his actions
High ranking Canadian vicians have objected Reverend Dorian Baxter for combining the Anglican Gospel with the words of Elvis
The National Post has the 53 year olds been singing Elvis songs to sinners since his first ministerial posting in eight 1984, 1802
Often known as Elvis Presley, Reverend Baxter was recently banned from the Pope at the time
He was a part of an Ontario church and has been stripped of his license to perform marriages now
Reverend Baxter says his unusual style is the best way to lure wayward Christians back to the church
And is threatening to form his own Anglican group supportive of his Elvis Presley
I refuse to resign from Holy orders, I have led tens of thousands of people to Jesus through the music of Elvis
This man's some gospel better than anyone I know
I'm almost as good as Mahalia Jackson, you know what?
Who?
Mahalia Jackson
Don't you ever heard the big gospel singer?
No
Mahalia Jackson?
Oh my God, are you out of touch with reality man?
Mahalia talking about
I've told the bishops all they need to do is buy a few of his CDs and I don't know what they're complaining about he said
Ronald Ferris, the bishop of the diocese of Algoma, where Reverend Baxter used to be a part of the minister said
The mix is in poor taste
Reverend Baxter says he's largely tried to ignore condemnations from bishops although he says church officials who attempt to discredit his ministry
have never intended one of his weddings or funerals
How do you like that?
The church disinporal Elvis
And he won't know Catholic anyway, he didn't wear them beads
Census, US poverty up and income down, I'll wait till you're which ethnic group is having a worst time
Reversing some of the social gains of the late 1990s, poverty rate and this coming after eight years of almost unparalleled, I think a record setting prosperity
Right, which American public said oh we don't want any more of this, it feels so good we wanted to start hurting again
Reversing some of the social gains of the late 1990s, poverty rates and income equality both rose last year
While the typical households income went down the government reported yesterday largely reflecting the effects of the economic recession
You know it's interesting when Reagan came into office in 81, what's the first thing that we had economically?
We had a recession when Bush won came into office, what did we have?
A big fat recession
Now that W is in office, what's the first thing we have?
And what looks like it's going to be a double dip
Recession
Hey let's have some more than tax cuts for the rich baby, then do me any good
Hey by the way, Mitch Hersh, thanks a lot you piece of crap
I just figured it out yesterday that I worked the last three years for free
Nice
In its annual report on income and poverty, the sensitive Bureau said that 1.3 million Americans slipped below the government's official poverty line last year
The first increase since 1993
As a result, 11.7% of the population is in poverty, up from 11.3% in 2000, including Georgia and Carlos
And McGill
But unlike previous recess and the beast, especially now
But unlike previous recessions, most of the increase in poverty was experienced by White households
The rate actually fell for Hispanics and increased only marginally in Black households, where I was wrong about that
Still the poverty rate among blacks, 22.7%
And Hispanics, 21.4% was roughly double that of the population at large
Adjusted for inflation, the Census Bureau reported that the median household income fell 2.2% last year, the 42,228
The first decline since 1991
The decline in income was broad, if not especially steep affecting all but the top 5-10% of households is ranked by income
Isn't that interesting?
Look at that
The top 5-10% of households is ranked by income, got that nice big fat tax break from W
This report signals a significant reversal of what had been a very positive trend in terms of income and poverty said
The second decline in income and poverty was also a significant increase in poverty
And the second decline in income and poverty was also a significant increase in poverty
And the second decline in income and poverty was also a significant increase in poverty
And the second decline in income and poverty was also a significant increase in poverty
And the second decline in income and poverty was also a significant increase in poverty
And the second decline in income and poverty was also a significant increase in poverty
and the fourth decline in income and poverty was also a significant increase in bars
only marginally black households and that oh I see income fell I see so in other
words these people already were poor see what I'm saying yes also hard to
sit where households headed by females both those with children and oh husband
present down 3.1% and those were females were living alone down 3.7% at the
same time they wage gap between men and women continue to shrink with women
last year earning 76 cents for every dollar earned by men up from 74 cents in
2000 so there you go we're doing it baby the bushmeister well speaking of
people uh more leaders are really pissed off and fired up Prince Charles
fumes over foxes you're you're not gonna know whether to scream or or lick a
spotted dick when you hear that right Prince Charles reported the reported
threat to leave Britain if it banned fox hunting has been welcomed by at least one
lawmaker I think it's wonderful I was keen to vote to get rid of fox hunting
I'm doubly keen now what a bonus then a skin or the governing labor party said
Monday several newspapers reported Sunday that Charles wrote a strident letter
to triminist prime minister Tony Blair accusing the government of destroying the
countryside how do you like that he wrote a strident letter to Tony Blair both
the significant number yeah Charles reportedly passed on remarks made by him
made to him rather by a Cambrian farmer that if we as a group or black or gay
we wouldn't be victimized or picked upon a statement the Prince apparently agreed
with how do you like that the mail on Sunday newspaper also said the non
unidentified senior politician had claimed to have heard the Prince on some
unspecified date threatened to emigrate if hunting was stopped downing street in
St. James palace both the client to say whether the letter existed or the meeting
you take in place the Prince of Wales is perfectly in tablet was views the
prime minister and the Prince have a very good relationship said blaze
official spokesman who briefed reporters on conditioning and anonymity he said
keep it mom said I was the queen mom Tony banks a labor party candidate for
London mayor and a prominent animal welfare campaigner said the report of
comments were offensive to true minority groups if it is true and I know one
knows whether it is or not I think a lot of people will find it both in videos
and offensive I love that word in videos and offensive to talk about minorities
whether they're ethnic minorities or minorities based on sexual orientation and
to compare that with a minority of people who want to carry on ripping wild
animals to pieces banks said Charles comments reported on the day that more than
400,000 farmers gamekeepers hunting enthusiasts and real residents gathered in
London for a rally in support of fox hunting in their rural way of life rural
affairs minister Ellen Michael said the government understood the concerns of
the demonstrators including closure of rural schools and hospitals and
falling farm income this is never trying to get his closure yes but he said
government had legislate for the whole country especially on the issue of fox
hunting opinion polls have consistently indicated that a majority of
Britain's opposed the sport to which we say oh right thank god for that at least
okay they may have really bad smelly teeth and bad breath and all those other
things and be constipated emotionally but at least the majority of more
against this barbaric pile of crap let's go get the hounds okay the hounds of
the bastard bills 230 votes on our poll on small bill 71.7% don't watch it
allegedly see how that percentage is zooming up there now 165 I'm starting to
smell something on it something stinks on that pole land aflicks my big 17
I love it 15 I hated it blows 14 it's okay 12 and Tom Holland is God's 7th 10 41
at 560 WQM only seven with a Tom Holland which means you know they'll be
more to go around follow I'm saying I thought there was a lot of them anyway there
is a there is to go around plenty if you got size 14 feet hey if there's a problem
with your carpet man like it looks like hell and maybe smells pretty bad too
because it's schmutzy and maybe it's an old carpet maybe it's when you think
you're gonna have to spend a fortune to replace here's the videos for you when
it doubt pry this out because it'll work for you dry concepts I keep thinking
back to those grotesque days at i.o.d. which is one of the most unsanitary places
anyone's ever been allowed to work in a building that even the roaches were
flying out of it they were like they were going over to channel seven remember
that yep insects rodents everything was fine we had dry concepts come in when
they first came on here with me which is a long no not really they were before
that but I guess at i.o.d. and they said we can clean those carpets down there we
couldn't believe it because they had been clean since the building was built
about six hundred years ago by Mrs. Carl Fisher remember her no no
don't you remember that car we got to come on get wet at anyway they came in
and they cleaned the carpets and made them look brand new and we said to
ourselves if they can make these carpets look brand new maybe they can make
a car a carpisher look brand new again I don't think so though too late for
him and they can do the same for you to make a lungs to be sure they'll take
even the nastiest looking carpets no matter how old or whatever they are and
they'll make him look sparkly and just like brand new they'll smell a mini
fresh they dry just a couple of hours and they give you a written guaranteed
price before they start doing their dry cleaning work so if you want a spectacular
job at a guaranteed low price every time these are the people you want to call
and dry concepts also do a stupidest unbeatable job of cleaning your furniture
and drapery spot dying fiber protection carpet repairs implant or annual rug
service the authorization and if a flood hits you with all these tropical
storms and hercunes floating around they do complete water damage restoration
to pick up the phone and Howard call 9 5 4 3 7 0 7 7 7 8 9 5 4 3 7 0 7 7 7 7
7 7 8 in data Palm Beach is a toll free call 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1
when using the first time you learn to stand what I've been using in my house
for over 20 years claim today you can entertain tonight with dry concept
life and local this is five six years
you
here's arthritis sufferer
teach Marin for joint right is
yes he was having a you know whenever my arthritis flare suffer when I have
like a little pain or like it's 10 o'clock in the morning you know I go
stripping a joint rate is miss the bad
joint right is as the all natural solutions to the problem of joint pain
I love joint right is miss the best I got this one do man he gets the best joint
right is ever had man I call him up as a
last though I need some joint right is really bad I'm don't you got any man but
don't take teachers word for it listen to fellow joint pain sufferer Dave from
Los Angeles
hey
Dave's not here man but if he was he'd be like all really high on like the
benefits of like joint right is man
isn't it time you scored some pain relief joint right is available at your local
pharmacy
not on the shelves just as that dude who works at the camera counter
man
oh he's got some good to read it's the pre-most
time
yeah
1048 at 560 WQM we got to mad though coming to one we got the hopper with those big
numbers baby
as near as
lobbying again about thumpers big numbers and turns out it was really
that put him over the top I'll never get over that call as long as I live
that idiot that called this morning on most sucking around again sucking around
sucking and sucking and sucking because like I've told you before 95% of people
like call talk shows need mental help in fact know what they ought to be they ought
to put them in a rubber room with Todd Dreck that's a fate that they all deserve
you think I'm joking about him you wait you wait till the a spit hits the fan
okay because this guy seriously I think what we're going to do is stick the
color again man right up his ass
that's what I'm going to do when we get back
all these guys that have been raping more we're getting them off moses they're
going to be lining up to rape Todd and the first one's going to be the color
again man
he's going to be squeal like net video instead of making those onking sounds
he's going to be saying hey color man hey color over and over again
you see you'll see
because this is a man who absolutely is he's over his head he's drowning in a
sea of an aptitude he can't do it he can't write copy he don't know from copy
if you recall a color in episode which were people who absolutely loved me
love me obsessed with me which are too many of those around and this guy
scooted up him and his buddy with that phony agency his that what the hell was that
guy's name me or the lip something like that lip off see I knew the guy's name
and this is a rhetorical question you're supposed to just dummy up oh I'm
saying you'll get you'll get that guy started again I see and they ran some kind
of a promotion and it didn't make any sense remember that copy I don't
remember exactly what it was but it didn't make any sense I and I kept saying if
we don't understand what this is for how does the audience I mean oh no father
rest that's what the agency wants Todd you can't do it because you're an
apt okay any guy who thinks he's a sales guy who just takes a bunch of stuff
from some asshole and an agency and hands into the talent says here make magic
with this who the hell are you kidding man who the hell are you kidding that we
work our big mouth off four hours of God damn day to get you these big numbers
so you can go out there and sell something huh and pretend to be a guy named
hero to be a superstar God is he a piece of Drek oh sorry
as California pre I'm worked up about him now because all the King's
horses and all the King's flunkies there cannot get him they can't coerce him to
do his job they can't force him and of course the bitch back there she's too busy
with her God damn blow up the olive monster she's busy in the back she's got
the door locked and God only knows what she's doing in there oh man I hear the
rumor up here is she's got to come up here and join the world Mounties is what
I'm hearing ex-California priest arrested for abuse Santa Ana California remember
that song 26 miles by the four preps no Santa Ana California but I'll book a
bridle member was on Capitol Records by the four preps about 600 years ago is a
great song that was it was syrupy a former Roman Catholic priest has been
arrested on molestation charges after allegedly confessing to an undercover
deputy posing as his as his out of wedlock daughter number that for what is
that I better read that again okay a former Roman Catholic priest has been
arrested on molestation charges after allegedly confessing to an undercover
deputy posing as his out of wedlock daughter I get it Gerald John Plezzette's 59
of orange was taken the custody yesterday his home on three counts of
child molestation said orange County Sheriff spokesman Jim Amrino plus that's
was arrested after an undercover deputy posing as the alleged victims daughter
can front of the former priest about a girl who allegedly gave birth to
his child 30 years ago this is kind of like a Julian Cranting from passions in
fact that's what I'm gonna do about Todd wreck I'm getting hold of Tabatha
Tecuba and Evil Connie and I'm have it all and even what's your name
zombie charity and I'm have all four of them put a goddamn spell on Todd
wreck he's gonna have evil things call him inside his leg don't he's gonna wake up
in the middle of night in a cold sweat wondering why he was such a piece of
wreck all his life you you mark my words evil things are coming his way
investigators covertly take the conversation between the officer posing as
the victim's daughter and obtained in criminating statements Amrino said
Plezzette's who was being held on fifty thousand dollars bail which charge
under a statute of implementation provision that gives authorities the right
to file charges up to a year after the after the victim's been identified the
victim came forward several months ago Amrino said although authorities
identified Plezzette's a former priest who was not immediately clear
wearing under what circumstances he left the priesthood a telephone call to
the eyes he's of orange was not of course immediately returned the victim
alleged she was molested by Plezzette's between April 1472 and October 1st
74.2 criminal complaint filed by the DA's office the woman now 45
claims he was a member of the choir at St Edward Catholic Church when she first
met Plezzette's who played piano for the choir the complaint said the woman said
her relationship with Plezzette's end of which became pregnant at age 16 it was
unclear why prosecutors didn't charge him with statutory rape the woman told
her parents that Plezzette's was the father court of the complaint Plezzette's
told a family would take care of it and paid expenses of the birth of a
substance and a subsequent adoption the woman went to police several months ago
after hearing of other abused priest cases and here's another one oh my god
we're up to our goddamn ass rack them in priest crap you know what and of course
the mainstream media now they they've got them tied up see between what's your
name between the Miss America with the Godfather crap and the fame and the
Italians between that and then the the kid beating a bitch there from the
whatever the tinkerers yes and then of course war on Iraq that's it they don't
have time for these other things this is old news oh and I have also speaking
not having time I'll never get to it today it was in my pile for yesterday I
haven't even come close to that Britney story what you're probably happy about
that yeah team a reduced risk of cancer and heart disease I don't have time for
that either but I just mentioned that it's screaming it out T green tea baby
start drinking it by the gallon green tea cup of day keeps the old thing away
where's that goddamn stir about the Vatican may they may go along with this
thing oh Craig you have any idea how much stuff I haven't got to I and S and
agents settled discrimination lawsuit filed in a wake of alien Gonzalez raid
never got to that yet doctor accused of molesting two people faith heroes
call on God to be five dead teen at her funeral remember that story yeah didn't
work yet there's still waiting but in the meantime I just there's just too much
crap here you know it it's almost enough to make me smit can that new into one
thing today that Wednesday new to one comedy bit thing you notice what the
operative word wasn't that sentence though thinking about it now almost a
Virginia priest was stripped of his ministry yesterday after a month long
investigation on earth decades old incidents of sexual misconduct with minors
diocese official said the Reverend Eugene test Lovato pastor of St. Lucin
Virginia Beach has been ruled from all priestly duties said the Reverend
Pasquale appuzo I love that name Pasquale appuzo is spoken for the Roman
Catholic diocese of Richmond Bishop Walter F. Sullivan began investigating
philosophy after the priest informed the diocese that someone had
recently approached him about a past sexual impropriety the incident of place in
1977 allegedly involved a parishioner in his 20s of puzo said Sullivan
subsequently determined that his love has been involved in several incidents of
sexual misconduct with minors during the late 70s and mid 80s of puzo said
none of the victims have come forward none were interviewed by the diocese he
said no information that forwarded to prosecutors that's kind of let's not
not that good you know that kind of sketchy kind of sketchy we want the hot
good stuff okay we want the heavy meat we don't want the kind of like thinly
veiled accusation stuff 1056 at 560 WQM if your hair is thinly veiled in fact if
if you like to wear a veil over your head to cover up your growing bald spot if
you're starting to look like Jesse Ventura in a bad day or maybe like Lex Luthor
huh right there you go smoothie I mean that look maybe in as a matter of fact I
noticed that Clark seems to have taken a real shine to him in this late
episode there through the end and I was thinking like shaving my head you think
it'll work but anyway if you'd rather have hair because the bald spot may be
good for a few guys you know like Malcolm people like that rest in peace but the
fact of the matter is most people would like to have a nice looking head of
hair and how do you do that you call our good buddy the hair expert Charles
Alfie Erie column toll free at 1-800-3-1-24-13 they'll set up a free
appointment there's no obligation to give you a little consultation they'll
sit your ass down and they'll show you just how much better they can make you
look and feel and smell and how much younger also and I think you'll say yes
please please do it because at a very minimal price they can make you look
younger and better than he have in years and probably better than you ever
thought you would again we're not talking about a mossy looking musk red on your
head we're not luck look talking about a piece that's real obvious like most
of them are those weed things like Aaron Brown wears on CNN God is he a silly
looking dude or what we're talking about the natural hairline system which is
so great because it looks like the hairs really grown right out of your scalp when
you mention your rages when you make that call you get your special two hundred
dollar WQA and discount and you got nothing loose but the ball spot because
Charlie completely guarantees his work if you're not ecstatic with the way it
looks and feels and smells if you're not getting late at least four times an
hour Charlie give you four refund no questions asked so make the call today toll
free 1-800-3-1-24-13 1-800-3-1-24-13 or log on to the website if you like at
Charles Alfie Erie dot com
oh
oh
how young is too young
he's well come well
he's well
he's well
he's well
he's well
he's well
he's well
he's well
he's sport
he's
And he's well, the dog well-eating, my son,
Her man, that he will give thee a swollen crown.
He made the Him small, build the money,
Cash all at all, that he sleeps,
And dreamy, of God,
From stains I want, is dreaming,
All on my face, is my windows quiver,
Watching Superman,
And Tom Welley, I'm Welley,
Tom Welley, I'm Welley,
Tom Welley, I'm Welley,
Together,
Word for it.
Did he say something about Krispy Kreme,
level 03 at 560 WTQ AM?
Look at this, US troops arrive at the Ivory Coast.
Now, what's you like better? Ivory or Coast?
Neither, safe guard.
Oh.
I kind of like, I resphring myself.
I was shard with Ivory, I resphring this morning for anybody
wants to keep track out there.
Although I usually do like coast fairly well.
Ivory, I hate you, I don't know why.
Why? Floats?
Any, any white soap.
Oh yeah, is like lard.
Got that smell too.
Oh, my mother, always,
Anytime my mother used to stay at the house,
Like to take care of the dogs, you know.
And I'd come back from vacation and sure enough,
There'd be a bar of freaking Ivory soap in my shower.
Whatever the good stuff I had in there before,
That was like already Schmidt can, you know.
And there'd be a bar of Ivory soap,
Square, right.
And you know, and you know, the soap holder,
The little soap dish that's got like the little pegs on it.
And it always makes like little holes
In the bottom of Ivory soap, you know what I'm saying?
Yes.
And you've picked it up and it's like holding a block of lard.
Mm-hmm.
And you just want to say,
Faaah!
Ma, your taste is in your tush ma.
So I forget about Ivory soap.
But anyway, they land on the Ivory.
Because there's Louisiana, the big EC.
Why do they call it that?
Because it's easy, I guess, to get laid there.
It's a piece of crap New Orleans.
That's one of the few things I agree with Mo about.
I heard him this morning,
Railing on New Orleans in the middle of one of his tirades.
He's right about that.
Oh, speaking of Mo and Arnoone to one hour today,
I think there may be kind of like a special theme to some of the bits we're going to play.
A block?
Yeah, like a block.
A Mo block.
No relation, of course, to her block.
Remember her block?
No.
Coalition wants to change hotel porn channels.
This is something that I want to have people steaming.
A group that helped pull the plug on explicit adult movies
that three Cincinnati area hotels met,
Monday in Washington, D.C.
with 14 other grassroots organizations
in hopes of exing out such entertainment at lodging nationwide.
I got any idea how many countries in the rest of the world they have.
They have porn on movies on over the year TV.
We're talking about in hotels.
We're going to put on a full-core press to educate people that hotels are distributing
hardcore pornography,
says field-breast, president of the Cincinnati-based citizens for community values.
One of the groups in the coalition that he says represents more than 20 million families
and meets regularly discussed decency issues.
Perez says the coalition will urge attorney general John Hermann Gehring-Asscroft
and the Justice Department to crack down on hotel porn,
which often is distributed across state lines.
Susan Dryden, the Justice Department spokeswoman, says the department is committed
to enforcement of federal obscenity laws.
Hotel room pay-per-view offerings have become more graphic in recent years
showing close-ups of all manner of sex acts.
Perez says he ought to know that but she's making a study out of it.
The pro-family groups say kids can access many hotels conflicts at the click of a button.
In August his group alerted prosecutors to the nature of adult therapy,
Maryotte Northeast and Mason O'Hioh,
and at a Newport Kentucky comfort suites.
Authorities got similar complaints about a Newport travel lodge.
The three hotels agreed to stop the offerings after prosecutors said they violated
community standards of decency,
the court tests for whether material is legally obscene.
Currently the American Family Association of Michigan
is urging prosecutors in that state to go after hotels offering explicit
fear in Grand Rapids, Holland, and Midland, Michigan.
Across the country, perhaps unknowingly, hotels are breaking the law.
A lot of them materialized sell open them up to prosecutions,
as Bruce Taylor, a former prosecutor,
and out present of the nonprofit National Law Center for Children's and Families.
Hotel choice, a chain, say they say something outrageous.
It's a matter of choice. What a concept.
We understand that there's a level of sensitivity in different feelings
about the subject matter, says Roger Connore, Maryotte spokesman.
We provide a wide range of choices, and anyone can block adult entertainment out.
Nobody has to see it.
But many guests are choosing the Racy stuff.
It's a major business in the US hotel market,
approximately $500 million a year, as Leonard Sable,
president of cable corporate, which helps hotels build for in-room entertainment.
Typically, 50 to 60% of pay-per-view hotel sales involve adult products,
he says, explicitness is increased because the customers wanted.
Tad Walden, vice president of marketing at On Command,
a leading provider of wide range of in-room hotel entertainment,
says it's in all fair as the same is offered by cable companies,
or said like TV companies for home viewing.
And he says we try to adhere to the various standards and various communities.
Meanwhile, the Omni hotel chain, which voluntarily removed adult movies two years ago,
reports that it's lost revenue, but we have had over 50,000 messages of support,
says spokeswoman Kim Blackman.
One traveling businessman wrote,
thanks for taking away the temptation.
Oh, oh, man.
And of course, those letters of support, those are worth what?
Squad.
Squatsky.
Here's our support.
Where can I go state your hotel?
I ain't got no money, but here we spent $0.37 in the envelope, too.
$0.39.
Yeah, the stock will show you how much of those letters is a dividend.
And of course, they probably are like four letters anyway,
and they're like, they always do all the American family associations,
and all these other phony baloney, so-called family, focus on the family,
focus on your focus, focus on your crotch, all this other crap,
food, and all these people getting.
I got to read that last line again.
Thanks for taking away the temptation and the Supreme's and Mary Wells
and all these other shortzers.
Thanks for taking away the temptation.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah, he's talking about it, too.
And.
See, at least when I put these things together, I put them like in some kind of logical order,
I think.
Try to mix it up a little bit, but if they're related, you just follow what I'm saying?
Yes.
My pie on my bedtime stories.
Try to keep the theme going.
A statue of limitations.
This is in the Houston Chronicle.
Yesterday.
Ever read the Houston Chronicle?
Nope.
Conroe.
Remember Conroe texted, there was some crap going on in Conroe.
Sounds familiar.
A group of Montgomery County social conservative is claiming two more victories,
one in the form of a new library review policy, the other in the form of a plaster fig leaf.
The latter recently was placed strategically on a replica of Michelangelo's classic statue of David,
which is stood new to top of sporting goods store in the town of Shenandoah.
The former was adopted Monday, after long debate before commissioners court,
giving the head of the Republican leadership council location to claim another success with commissioners.
Although the council failed earlier this year to oust the county Republican Party's long time chairman,
council president Jim Jenkins counter the new library policy as a win.
But the head of the county Democratic Party, one of the commissioners could be headed down a dangerous path.
The clear and apparent effort that the commissioners court made over time and incremental steps has been to apiece a very impassioned group of voters
in hopes that each baby step would satisfy them and make them go away.
So Democratic chairman Raymond McNeill.
Raymond McNeill.
Oh, God.
And listening what he considered as group's recent victories, Jim,
can say the RLC is also persuaded commissioners to use an internet filter to screen computers at the library for pornography
and to put plaques reading in God we trust in county libraries.
The group also supported recent efforts to add the touch of modesty to the statue he said and remove some art from an Italian restaurant.
Are you ready for this?
I'm not following.
To remove some art from an Italian restaurant in a private place of business.
Yeah.
But McNeill warned that the commissioners think they have satisfied the group.
They may be in for a big surprise.
Clearly with each incremental step the RLC and its allies have seen each concession as an energizing, mobilizing rallying point,
wedding the appetite for further gains he said.
County Judge Allen B. Sadler denied that the commissioners were catering to the group.
This is being portrayed as if these were exclusively Republican leadership council extremist issues,
said it was started by the Republican leadership council, but we are not reacting necessarily to the Republican leadership council, whatever that means.
He said the issues reflect mainstream opinion in the county.
Jenkins dislikes the terms arts conservative and far right, but county GOP chairman Walter D. Wilkerson Jr.,
a target of the council's iridescent by the success in switching the county from Democrat to Republican stronghold as a different view.
They are not mainstream on the political spectrum.
He said they are out on the radical right and no political organization or movement has ever succeeded in winning an election when they position themselves to the far right or far left of the spectrum.
He said the council overstated his plans of success noting that it's never back to winning candidate for office above precinct chairman.
Well, then everybody would like to be precinct chairman of what precinct.
Although the reason decision by manners of the Portofina shopping center to place a fig leaf on the statue of David did not result from the RLC's action,
the group expressed support for the move. The statue stands up top and Ashman sporting goods store where it moved from eye level.
They moved it so you have to eyeball it.
Diana Witt of Shenandoah who is completely led to the addition of the fig leaf said she shares the RLC's view,
but prefers to call her protest a personal effort by concerned citizen.
She said she's not satisfied with the fig leaf and will press down the statue with someplace where children can't see it without parental permission.
Oh, oh, far worse than a guy and baby crazy people like that.
Like the Bushies man like John Ascroft and Hermann and Gary Rumsfeld is this crowd.
Boy, remember what William Holden's wife what that was her name Beatrice Straight in network.
Yes, she said you're in for some dreadful times and he said I know it.
That that line applies so well.
It applies so perfectly to the poor US today.
Don't forget, forget about all this stuff.
Okay, go get yourself some good times while you still can while it's illegal.
Join George and Miguel Bokobrine and Carlos.
Maybe Carlos look at lucky night. What do you think?
No.
Five to seven at Treasure Island located off the Palmeiro just north of the 120 second street exit.
Maybe Carlos and Fat Boy is Fat Boy going to be there?
I don't know.
He'll be there.
Maybe he'll let you push his chair while a little bit.
I've done that.
Stop by for our usual crappy prizes and two for one drinks.
That's a Treasure Island tonight.
And of course, if Fat Boy is there, you'll need three for one drink to take a puke at him.
12 minutes after 11 at 5.60 WQAM, Tom Layman and Haleth Potty Act GMC are doing it big time again.
Like they always are down there working on bigger and better deals to save you more money
and make you a happy customer who'll keep coming back.
Zero percent financing continues as I speak this moment at Haleth.
That's correct. You heard me right with approved credit from GMAC.
It's zero percent financing up to 36 months on all 2003.
Potty Act and GMC models.
Or take yourself a big fat rebate.
Big fat one speaking to him.
Up to $4,000 and all 2002 Pony X or GMC models in stock.
What I'm saying speaking to him, I'm talking about Fat Boy, not Tom Layman, who's a tall, lanky guy.
Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the OnVoy.
Voted by Motor Trend is the SUV of the year and the all-new exciting Pontiac Vibe SUV
that's got the power of a Racy sports car.
But you're as hell don't compare to my Corvettes.
Haleth's also got us to pennies on beatable selection of dependable pre-owned cars.
Trucks SUVs and if somebody else turned you down for credit when you're trying to buy a car, a pup temp, whatever.
Have no fear because Haleth is here. They'll get you a deal cut.
They'll get you into a spectacular deal.
So if you want an unbeatable deal on Pontiac and GMC's, this is the place.
See Tom and all our good friends at Haleth Pontiac, 134-1 Softix, your highway, or the preacher right.
That's on US1 right across from the falls open every day of your life, seven days a week.
Haleth Pontiac GMC where they continue to say, we be professional grade.
I can't see you in my window.
This is sports when you buy a secure.
You way out.
Hey hang this up baby.
Push it to the side, he butt, fuck up.
Push it to the side, he butt, fuck up.
Push it to the side, he butt, fuck up.
Push it to the side, he butt, fuck up.
Jamie said right off the bed later.
He bought an investigation to win it in.
They were getting too close to the towel, headed by the head and checked his wall above and threw it in.
We're talking about pushing the side, he butt, fuck up.
Push it to the side, he butt, fuck up.
Push it to the side, he butt, fuck up.
Push it to the side, he butt, fuck up.
If they don't it thinks this one will be fine.
Three thousand miles will never be a pension.
Push you brain, watch, fucking.
Also cut their stupid, you'll put them back in office again.
What the fuck?
Push it to the side, he butt, fuck up.
Push it to the side, he butt, fuck up.
Push it to the side, he butt, fuck up.
Push it to the side, he butt, fuck up.
Push it to the side, he butt, fuck up.
If they don't they're a PRP.
Push it to the side, he butt, fuck up.
Push it to the side, he butt, fuck up.
Push it to the side, he butt, fuck up.
Push it to the side, he butt, fuck up.
That's the question of my patient of goryum.
1118, you just sent me a real popo reman,
watching the x-axis of all time, and two of the worst.
Steve, you didn't bother looking at who those emails were from Steve Dangerfield.
I thought a couple of them were.
They were?
No, they weren't from him.
He didn't send them to us.
I'm missing the other name that was on the list.
Oh, I see.
Yeah.
So when in doubt, toss him out.
Anyway, this one from Adam though.
This is the Adam.
I hope you're still listening, baby.
This is the greatest facts I've ever got.
You know what I'm going to do?
I'm going to save this.
I'm going to save this.
And if not, no, seriously, I think I've got the smoking gun for Todd's wreck.
Thank you so much.
Oh, man.
He says, love you guys more than life itself, meaning George and Neil and Adam, believe me, it's mutual.
I mean, this story here, this is so good.
So freaking good.
Was that Todd Dreck?
This is just amazing.
So we got the goods on Utah, Sweetheart.
Okay.
You little piece of crap.
Hey, Todd.
Let's get some copy in here and quit belly.
Okay.
If we're not going to, he thinks the rest of the world is going to do his job, you know.
The agency's going to do it.
The dog's going to do it.
Somebody else is going to do it.
You do it.
You little piece of crap.
You little piece of Dreck.
You scumbag.
You neanderthal idiot.
See what we get at QIM in the sales department.
Generally speaking, it's the rejects from cheap channel.
And why do we get that?
Because our sales manager, such as she has screw in, her husband happens to be the sales manager for cheap channel, which is one of the most bizarre arrangements in the history of broad chasing.
Whoever heard of such a thing.
So anybody that he can't handle over there, that he can't take anymore like crazy psychotic PD Lenny with his leather skin or Todd Dreck, running these other misfits, they ship him over to her.
Oh, sure.
We'll take anybody.
And then of course, fat boy.
Fat boy.
They're lucky when hella was not a real fire alarm that day, you know.
No, seriously.
Can you imagine a lawsuit and the grease fire?
Man, I'll agree.
Forget about the grease fire.
Talk about no more bratwurst.
We can chuck him over and open up a separate branch.
We could have been barbecuing there for years.
Here's my Dutch friend.
He says, for the more can deal.
Well, I said that good that time.
Nice Monday.
You had an interesting pull about the calls.
And so I think it'd be nice to take some, but let me ask you something.
What kind of a show would you like to run?
Talk show collars, reading bedtime stories, bitching with George.
I think it's much more fun with all this.
I think it's an asshole's calling in.
You find out what people care about nothing, but it does give some former entertainment.
Exactly.
I don't care as long as you're on until like it is suck, suck.
Do you think we should attack it?
Oh, brother.
Wow.
Do we?
Cook's in.
Bye bye.
Calm down.
He had too much of that bad Dutch food, I think, is what his problem was.
Robert Fisk, the dishonesty of the so-called dossier.
He said that.
Look, dossier, the fact that you can still read teleprompter when you get to be a hundred.
I'll give you all the credit in the world.
Chris, I'll be long day.
You know, and here is his whiteest the first time I ever saw him.
Yeah.
He's pathetic.
He's a daughtering old man now.
And it's very sad.
You know what would be like it like if NBC tried to bring Greg Jack par.
How's he?
You know, wouldn't it be kind of ridiculous?
He is still alive.
Have you seen pictures of him in the tabloids?
No.
He looks like, you know, when you get to a certain point and maybe he's had so many faceless, he looks like this skin has been stretched over the skeleton of his face.
You know what I'm saying?
Yes.
And Jack par was great.
I love Jack par.
He didn't have too many bigger fans than me.
He had great guests.
It was a funny-ass show.
He was great.
And he was, you know, and he was kind of like, you know, like me.
He was a pain in the ass, which I like that.
I like guys who are pain instead of always that.
You know, that kind of fully happy, go lucky crap.
I'm not into that.
I like guys who occasionally will be like a personickity.
You know, he was up in the impersonickity.
And if they crapped on him, he'd get up and walk out and threaten ever to come back, etc.
It was fun.
But anyway, he's done.
That's what I'm trying to say.
It was fun.
But now he's done.
And the same with Phil.
And in the meantime, see what I don't understand is I guess the liberals are watching Smallville on the WB.
And they're watching Racy shows on Fox or they're watching something.
They're watching porn movies in some hotel.
But they're sure as hell not watching Donahue.
And of course, the right wingers, they're all, they got their shovels out, man.
They're pooper scoopers and they're scooping up all the crap they can get from Bill O'Reilly.
Don't confuse me with the facts of Riley.
I'll say one thing about him.
He may not be accurate.
Release these consistencies.
He's consistently full of it.
There's no idea what he's talking about.
Yep.
If these pages of trickery are based on probably an if we have no business of going to warrant says Robert Fisk in the UK independent 20.
Blair's dossier on Iraq is a shocking document reading it can only fill a decent human being with shaman outrage.
It's pages are final proof if the contents are true that a massive crime against humanity has been committed in Iraq for the details of Saddam's building of weapons of mass destruction.
If they are correct and it will come to ifson buts and quits later, it means that our massive of destructive brutal policy of UN sanctions is totally failed.
In other words, half a million Iraqi children were killed by us for nothing.
Let's go back to May 12, 1996.
Madeleine Albright, the US Secretary of State, had told us that sanctions worked and prevented Saddam from rebuilding weapons of mass destruction.
Our Tory government agreed and Tony Blair faithfully told the line.
He told it the line.
But on May 12, May, Miss Albright appeared on CBS television, Leslie Stahl, the interview asked, we have heard that a half a million children have died.
I mean, that's more than died in Hiroshima and you know, is the price worth it?
To the world's astonishment, Mrs. Albright replied, I think this is a very hard choice but the price we think the price is worth it.
Even Bob Barker was washing.
Now we know if Mr. Blair is telling us the truth that the price was not worth it.
The price was paid in the lives of hundreds of thousands of children but it wasn't worth a dime.
The Blair dossier tells us that despite sanctions, Saddam was able to go on building weapons of mass destruction, all that nonsense about dual use technology, the ban on children's pencils, because led could have military use and are refusal to allow Iraq to import equipment to restore the water treatment plants that we bombed in the Gulf War was a sham.
This terrible conclusion is the only moral one to be drawn from the 16 pages that supposedly detail the chemical biological nuclear horrors that the beast of Baghdad has in store for us.
It's difficult reading the full report to know whether to laugh or cry, that agree of deceit and duplicity in its production speaks of the trickery that informs the Blair government and its treatment of NPs.
There are a few tidbits that ring true.
The new ammonium teclarate plant illegally supplied by an Indian company which breaches those wonderful U.N. sanctions of course is a frightening little detail.
So is the new rocket test stand at the Al-Rafa plant but this material is so swamped in trickery and navery that its inclusion becomes worthless.
Here's one example of the dishonesty of the dossier on page 45 we're told in a long chapter about Sodom's human right abuses that on March 1st 1991 in the wake of the Gulf War,
riots broke out in the southern city of Basra spreading quickly to other cities and she had dominated southern Iraq.
The regime responded by killing thousands.
What's wrong with this paragraph is the lie in the use of the word riots. They were not riots.
They were part of a mass rebellion specifically called for by President Bush Jr.'s father and by a CIA radio station in Saudi Arabia.
The Shia Muslims of Iraq obeyed Mr. Bush Jr.'s appeal and they were then left to their fate by the Americans in British who they had been given every reason to believe would come to their help.
Just like the Hungarians by the way in 56.
Yes. No wonder they died in their thousands but that's not what the Blair dossier tells us.
And anyone reading the weasel words no doubt are that are insinuated throughout this text can only have profound concern about the basis for which Britain is now to go and set to go to war.
The Iraqi weapon program is almost certainly seeking to enrich uranium.
It appears that Iraq has attempted to require a magnet production line.
There is evidence that Iraq has tried to require specialized aluminum tubes using the enrichment of uranium.
But there is no definite intelligence that it is destined for a nuclear program.
If Iraq obtained fissile material, Iraq can produce nuclear weapons in one or two years.
It's difficult to judge whether all who say missiles could be available for use.
Efforts to regenerate the Iraqi missile program probably began in 1995 and so that the dossier goes on if sin buts and probabilities and maybe.
Now maybe said on as we started is WMD program let's say it all out 20 times.
Sodom is a brutal wicked tyrant but are almost certainly appears probably and if really the rallying called a scenario or when the years off to the deserts of Kut al-Amara, where the hell is.
There's high praise for you and weapons inspectors and there's more trickery in the relevant chapter.
A course doctor hands blitzed we've been in to that before executive chairman of the wind inspection commission saying that the absence of post 1998 inspections.
It's impossible to verify Iraqi disarmament compliance but on August 16 of this year the very same doctor blitz told the AP that he couldn't say what certainty that Baghdad does possess weapons of mass destruction.
This question is excites on the blood dossier of course.
So there it is if these pages of trickery are based on probably and if we have no business going to war if they are all true we murder half a million Iraqi children.
How's that for a war crime?
Just mention that in passing Tony 1127 at 560 WQM.
Let me tell you about an exciting thing coming up in just a couple of days.
Pompadot Park is back in action starting this Friday September 27 new first race post time 715 PM and for the first time in the 40 year history of Pompadot Park there'll be free clubhouse and and let me say it again.
Free clubhouse and free grants and admission all season long and it's always free general parking.
Tunnel wagers this season come play the super super with a $10,000 bonus payout or try one of their two pick four wagers.
For opening night this Friday there'll be free prize drawing to win one of five trips for two to the Crystal Palace casino hotel in Assabahamas.
Bring the children out too because opening that will be the first of Pompadot Park's monthly family family fun nights with free popcorn coloring contest,
clowns, face painting, animal balloons, gifts and of course the family was Pompadot Park miniature horses giving rise from 7 to 9 PM.
There also be lots of giveaways free spins on the prize wheel.
I think they stole ours and special displays for the parents too for the next three weeks Pompadot Park will be open for live racing your Friday and Saturday.
The track is open of course every day seven days a night a week for simultaneous testing starting at noon.
Pompadot Park power line road blocks out of the line.
People of our don't forget new post time starting this Friday night 7 15 PM free clubhouse free grants that emission and free general parking as well.
Line line local.
Here's sports radio five 60s you a you a M.
Dine up here.
No start.
I'm.
A lot more.
I.
They say their weapons.
I say.
A couple mega times.
I'm.
Oh.
In the gold.
Let him off the hook.
I think it's time to give his.
So it's time to.
Those people.
On the right.
I'll be right.
Till the.
I'm.
Till.
I'm.
I'm.
And.
I'm.
And.
And.
If we.
If we.
Because.
I'm.
Bring it to an end.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
328 votes on our pool.
What's your take on TV show Smallville,
which was a very emotional episode last night.
It was just a gut wrencher.
What's your take?
Well, we're good time, Vangel.
So I was in the war and I said, without question,
I can't bring myself to believe that it is.
I can't believe any president or any administration
would politicize the war.
But then I read in the paper this morning.
Now, even the president.
The president is quoted in the Washington Post this morning
as saying that the Democratic-controlled Senate
is not interested in the security of the American people.
Not interested in the security of the American people.
You tell Senator Inouye he's not interested in the security
of the American people.
You tell those who fought in Vietnam and in World War II,
they're not interested in the security of the American people.
That is outrageous.
Outrageous.
The president ought to apologize to Senator Inouye,
and every veteran who has fought in every war
who is a Democrat in the United States Senate.
He ought to apologize to the American people.
That is wrong.
We are not politicizing this war.
We are not politicizing the rhetoric about war and life and death.
I was in Normandy just last year.
I've been a national cemetery all over this country.
And I have never seen anything but stars
at the star of David and Crosseys on those markers.
I've never seen Republican and Democrat.
Thomas Pist, Tom Daschel, Piston fired up.
And again, it's that George W. Mantell.
It's the good guys against the bad guys.
It's us against them.
It's the Cowboys and Indians.
It's put on the old Cowboy hat in the six-shooter.
And let's go get the evil doers.
You made the widest or against this.
That whole thing that he started back on a year ago,
right after 9-11, when that first speech about either
widest or against us,
dividing everything into black and white, wooden, evil.
It just cramped.
That's right, my way or the highway is absolutely correct, sir.
You'll gunsling in gun-toten bullcrab.
So Tom Daschel actually grew a little pear.
He's a little bit hoarse this morning.
How many people were on that age?
Small or...
That's all, or...
Well, at least one thing he didn't say this morning was...
Antrague.
He didn't say that.
Okay, 20 before the hour.
Let's get serious.
Let's do the break.
Let's get into that new hour.
Let's give you a few laughs.
We don't want to get all bogged down in his war step.
Even though it's coming,
whether everybody likes it or not.
And by the way, in spite of Tony Blair's impassioned appeal,
the overwhelming majority of Brits are against the Brits
doing anything unless the UN drafts a resolution
and they go in there and do the...
And so was he, by the way.
So was Tony Blair in his speech,
which you got twisted out of context yesterday.
He didn't say, hey, let's go in and kick his ass.
He said, do you want to draft a resolution?
And we need to go in there and take a look,
and the scour, et cetera, and so on.
And if they don't comply, then we'll go in there and kick his ass.
Not just because we got the gun tolling cowboy over there in the West.
Very sad, pathetic.
How's that market doing, by the way?
It was off to a good start this morning.
Now is up 73, Nasdaq's up 14.
Nothing spectacular.
77, 57, 51 and 1 and 1 about it.
By the way, some microsystems about 2.5 bucks.
Want some?
Yeah.
Got some palm about 77 cents.
For free?
20 till noon at 5.60 WQIM.
The likes of West Volko doesn't give me anything for free over there,
but just about next to it,
because they got the lowest prices in the universe on Atkins-Died products.
That's right.
The likes of your official Atkins-Died retail center at All Atkins-Brands
are 25% off today.
Next, Sookas.
Hey, happy Sookas every day.
The likes carry the complete line of Atkins-Died products,
as well as over 500 delicious low carb and sugar free foods.
For you fat people out there who are desperate to lose weight,
believe me, low carb dieting works for a lot of people.
And if you want to store that's entirely devoted to you, this is the place.
The likes of West Volko, they've been your leader in the low carb sugar free diet field for a year and years now.
Over 100 of their slimmer and heavy customers will testify.
There's no better store.
There's no competition.
The likes will not be under sole.
And of course, they got those great pasta sauces too,
which I love, which are some of the best in the world with almost no carbs.
And of course, you can try anything in the store before you buy it too,
which you won't find it.
Certainly, I'm going to find out in your supermarket.
The likes friendly and knowledgeable staff will walk you through the store,
pointing right direction, show you the mess that TD Lenny left on the floor,
and sure you want as the pounds come flying off your formerly.
Tubby body.
Don't forget there's only one Delights of West Volko.
It's devoted to you and your weight loss efforts open every day,
seven days a week till 10 p.m.
You'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 and Volko.
You can call them at this tool free number, 1-877 low carb,
and you can check them out on the web if you like it, lowcarb.com.
Don't forget that's Delights of West Volko.
You'll find out your official Atkins Died retail center.
My, my, and Volko.
This is Fort Real by City.
Where you a-ha.
They have just tasted your snive-ro.
It's big, Nell. It's big in a border.
There is a child living down in Mexico
who has to go to work every day.
She sits at his desk,
making clothes for caffeine,
loves the work,
but doesn't love the pain.
They are the kids who make the clothing.
They are the ones who make a bucket of days
of quick-coming.
It's just close to making.
The kind you love to buy.
It's true to make a bucket of day with caffeine.
145. What do you want?
That's what Carlos is making.
Now you gotta start slow.
You know, he can't start at the top of the totem pool.
That's what Ron Diaz always said.
246 votes on our pool, speaking of polls,
and we asked,
what's your take on the TV show Smallville?
Certainly one of the most brilliant shows.
See, it's not just the fact that there's a hot-looking people on it.
Show it's a good show.
You don't think?
It's a fine show, not really.
The stories are compelling,
and they're interesting,
and they like leave you hanging for a little bit more,
and whatever.
That bump on the back of Lexus had really bugs, Nino.
Well, I think he may bump them off,
is what may happen.
Because now, as last night's episode ends,
there's still buddy buddy,
and even what he saves,
what's his name, Jonathan's life.
Lex, by shooting the other guy there,
he knows he's a reporter.
And finally, they reach out,
and a little bit of a handshake,
but you just have that feeling like,
this ain't gonna last too long.
You know what I'm saying?
You're gonna last too long.
Send it approves into,
and by the way, something, yes.
I have this new into one hour
that I'm compiling today,
or Wednesday, new to one hour.
I think it's gonna be amazing.
Okay.
I'm just looking.
I'm taking a look at the resources
that we have here available for this hour.
I think it's gonna be pretty entertaining,
as they say in the business.
Intertaining.
I couldn't be wrong, but we'll see.
Senate approves independent panel
to probe September 11th attacks.
The Senate voted yesterday to set up
an independent commission with broad powers
to investigate the events leading
to the 9-11 attacks in their aftermath.
President Bush again urged Congress
to finish work on his proposed
Homeland Security Department.
The vote to create the new 10-member commission
was 90-8 and came less than a week
after the Bush administration
dropped its opposition.
The measure by senators Jew
Lieberman Democratic Connecticut
and John McCain, Republican
and Arizona, was an attached
as a member to the Homeland Security Bill,
and we're glad to see McCain's face
here and up again too, you know what?
Yeah.
He's looking a lot better now.
He was looking pretty grim there for a while.
McCain said the commission's work
will tell the American people
the truth about how our government
was not prepared for the threat
of catastrophic terrorism last September.
Earlier, the Senate defeated by a 70-28
measure by Senator Robert Burr
of West Virginia that would have required
Bush to gain additional congressional approval
in three stages over 13 months
as 22 federal agencies are transferred
to a new cabinet level agency.
Bush told reporters after a cabinet
meeting that there's still time to get
a Homeland Security Bill done,
one who will give us all the tools
necessary to protect the homeland.
I think Tom Wellings got all the tools we need.
The commission idea gained a boost
with last week's reversal by the administration,
which had opposed an independent panel,
but it's now endorsing it.
The White House objects to some language
in the Senate measure that McCain said
it compromised with and reached.
The Senate created commission's pro-
would be much broader than a house version
limited mainly to post-9-loven intelligence issues.
The Senate panel would have authority
to look into the roles of law enforcement,
commercial aviation, U.S. diplomacy,
border control, and immigration
in addition to intelligence.
An initial report would be due within six months
with the final report within a year
on recommendations to prevent future attacks.
The measure authorizes $3 million
to cover the commission's costs.
Opponents of the defeated congressional oversight of amendment
said it would unduly delay implementing
a Homeland Security Agency originally
needed to protect Americans inside U.S. borders.
There would be no assurance in the end that anything
would be transferred to the new department said
Senator Jew Lieberman Chiefspot
through the Democratic Homeland Security Bill
it would indefinitely remain a bare-bones department.
The FBI was aware this is in a herald,
so it must be true.
Could be.
You think?
Maybe.
The FBI was aware as early as 1998
that terrorist groups were planning to send students
to the U.S. for pilot training,
and there was some of them in law
and the personal pilot of the 10-day
flight school in the local home
a later attended by Zacharias Musawi.
But those earlier reports along with the Phoenix FBI agents
warning in 2000 about terrorist taking flight training
and the Musawi case in Minnesota
were never analyzed together at FBI headquarters
a joint House Senate investigation revealed yesterday.
You see the one FBI agent who was sitting again
behind the finger and said
you jeopardized my lives by revealing my identity?
No, I didn't.
There was a straight in front of him.
Somebody leaked it out.
I'm not saying that you see him,
but did you hear the other thing?
No, I saw the thing, yes.
One many applicants, smart ass.
One many applicants,
a lot of people became so frustrated
that FBI headquarters didn't take on the Musawi case.
Seriously, they told a Washington agent on August 27th
he was trying to make sure Musawi did not take control
of a plane and fly it into the World Trade Center.
A direct quote.
FBI headquarters replied,
that's not going to happen.
We don't know he's a terrorist.
You don't have enough to show he's a terrorist.
And by the way, in that book for bitten truth,
the French surgeon had the information
and gave it to us over and over again,
but we just didn't mock.
We couldn't be confused with it.
The Minneapolis agent said he wasn't speaking literally
but merely trying to get headquarters attention.
Three FBI agents testifying behind a black screen
to conceal their identities,
said he yesterday,
hearing their communications inside the FBI
have improved since 9-11,
but not enough,
according to the Phoenix agent, not enough.
The investigative staff concluded no one will ever know
whether a greater focus on the connection between those events
would have led to the unraveling of the 9-11 plot
but clearly it might have drawn greater attention
to the possibility of a terrorist attack in the US,
generated a heightened state of alert regarding such attacks,
and prompted more aggressive investigation
and intelligence gathering, it says.
How do you like that, huh?
Like I kept saying,
it seems to me I kept saying in those days after 9-11,
this didn't have to happen
since we were already getting this information back then.
This didn't have to happen.
But when you have a government
where the right hand not only doesn't tell the left hand
what's going on,
doesn't even know where to find the left hand.
West Nile virus stretching health resources CDC says.
The epidemic of West Nile virus,
which has killed 94 people this year,
and made nearly 2000 stick, stick, stick,
has stressed the resources of the US public health system
officials had yesterday.
The virus has also thrown up a few surprises,
spreading faster than predicted,
causing a previously unseen polio-like disease and some,
and getting it adornated blood and organs
officials told US Congress.
Dr. Julie Gerberding,
director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,
said the agency received $29 million this year
to spend fighting West Nile virus.
That money was used to show up surveillance and tracking
in birds.
She told a hearing of the Senate governmental affairs committee.
Although the agency responded well with the epidemic,
Gerberding said she thought the system was stretched.
When it doubt, stretch it out.
West Nile first diagnosed an AUGandin woman in 1937
is common in Africa, southern Europe,
and the Middle East but only appeared in the West in 1999.
It spread to much of the country this year as well as Canada,
Oi!
And the Cayman Islands.
The population were most concerned about the elderly people
who were at highest risk of the severe form of disease.
Gerberding said,
Bird services hosted the West Nile virus.
Let me say it again.
Birds serve as the host of the West Nile virus,
which is spread by mosquitoes to other birds as well as
the people, horses, and squirrels.
Most mosquitoes that transmit this virus
live in suburban backyards.
Gerberding said she advised people to wear long sleeves
and pants, use insect repellents and drain-standing water
from bird bats and outside containers.
Dr. Jesse Goodman, deputy director of the FDA's Center
for Biologics, Evaluation and Research,
said it's important to develop screening tests to protect
the nation's blood supply and scarce donor organs.
Protect your organ at all costs, okay?
Okay.
Judge declares death penalty unconstitutional.
Oi!
The federal death penalty law was ruled unconstitutional
by a U.S. District Court judge yesterday,
calling into question capital cases all across the country.
Judge William Sessions said a trio of recent U.S. Supreme
Court cases has forced judges to reexamine how capital
punishment is imposed and has made it impossible to continue
using the federal statute.
Capital punishment is under siege, Sessions wrote.
Well, let's take here that too good, which right away then,
okay, before they change their mind?
Let's go.
The federal law unconstitutionalized people convicted the
capital crimes the right to confront across examine witnesses
before they are sentenced to death, he said.
If the death penalty needs to be part of our system of justice,
due process of law and the fair trial guarantees of the 6th Amendment
required that standards and safeguards governing all kinds of evidence
juries may consider must be rigorous and constitutional rights and liberties
scrupulously protect these eb-sand.
To relax those standards invites abuse and significantly undermines
the reliability of decisions to impose the death penalty.
The federal prosecutor in the Vermont case involving a man accused of
card-jacking, kidnapping and murder, said he was nearly certain,
he would ask an appeals court to overrule Sessions.
I anticipate or have every expectation that will take an appeal
He was attorney Peter Hall said.
And here's some good news for you.
Like I said, here's some bad news for you.
I'm not even going to get to the Rumsfeld story about hermongering Rumsfeld
who says the NATO alliance must, alliance must gain powers.
I think he's losing it.
I think he's become William Hague all over again.
Alexander Hague, whatever the hell the guy's name was.
Hydro Kimberler.
Alexander the Great.
Fred Olaink, whose tips are frequently a target for nutrition,
said yesterday, it would eliminate an especially harmful type of
fat from its products and offer more reduced fat snacks.
Like I said, bad news.
Fast food and snack makers have come under increasing pressure to help
reverse a trend toward moral obesity, especially among American children.
By early next year, Fred Olaink said they'll switch from hydrogenated oils
containing trans fatty acids who's been screaming about those for years on his show,
by the way.
To Corn Oil.
Of Corn Oil is no good.
In cooking some of its most popular salty chips like Doritos,
Doritos, Doritos and Cheetos.
I do like Doritos.
Mm-hmm.
And Doritos.
And Cheetos.
And Cheetos.
And one of those orange things.
Those are Cheetos.
Like I said, I like them.
I don't eat them, but I like them.
The company will also rule out reduced fat versions of its layers,
potato chips and Cheetos in the next few months,
do any lighter products such as its baked layers and baked Doritos chips.
I like baked layers, too, as a matter of fact.
You can't eat only one bag.
I don't like the baked ones.
Oh, I like them.
You can't eat only one pound.
Feeder Lays also available in products such as broccoli flicked.
Flicked.
Broccoli, flicked chips.
Oh, brother, let's try that one more time or not, as the case may be.
Broccoli, flicked chips to appeal to health conscious consumers.
Some of those are like a dog.
And more like that is broccoli in there where I have flicked broccoli.
Albarado Brew.
Cheap executive of Feeder Lays North America said that Feeder Lays
working to be part of a solution in the obesity problem.
He said sales of healthier snacks are growing at 20% a year.
Almost as fast as our waste lines are growing is what he said.
Can't eat only 5,000 is what he said.
Axe murderer.
Don't forget, join George and Miguel and Boca Brian and Carlos and maybe Fat Boy,
Treasure Island 9.5 to 7.
Prices 2 for 1 drinks and maybe get laid, maybe get some head.
Who knows what you're going to get?
There'll be some head on your beer anyway at Treasure Island.
He's speaking of a fat boy.
What good timing?
A good segue by accident and the balance for life spot.
The beast is on vacation this week and is coming back to get fired next week,
although he already knows it off that morning show.
He's lost 55 pounds.
I guarantee you we saved his life.
I mean, maybe not immediately, but over a period of time,
this man didn't have a long way to go.
He's 5, 4, he weighed almost 300 pounds and he's lost 55 pounds in just a few months and balance for life.
And the reason he can do it is because you're not starving.
You don't have to count calories.
You don't have to like do your own discipline because they do all of that for you.
They bring you that little black sack by 6 o'clock in the morning every day of your life.
You just fill out your little menu choices.
You've got two choices for each meal and that's the only choice you have to worry about.
No counting calories, no counting carbs, no counting anything except counting on the fact that the sack will be there every day
with you will.
And in your black sack, there are three delicious gourmet meals made with the finest ingredients and money can buy,
good fresh stuff, lots of veggies and stuff that's good for you, but very tasty.
And two delicious snacks are in there, two in a bottle of water as well.
So what else here?
What more could you want?
All the food you want is in there for the entire day and you don't have to worry about not being full because believe me,
you'll be full of the poop.
So I pick up that phone and call balance for life today and start losing weight.
The painless, easy, delicious way by getting on a balance for life program called 954-568-3229.
And tell that to Troy by the way to slow down a little bit on that spot.
He sounds like he's on helium 954-568-3229 or check out their website if you like it.
BalanceForLife.com.
My life and love this is 420-561.
Way to go, way to go.
Well, it'd be the 12-1 hour on WQ Air.
That's for being nice to me today, Mo.
And don't mention it, Goldie.
You're not going to get raped again today, I Mo.
Yeah, you know why.
Why's that, Mo?
Because rape's not funny, but I ain't going to be a mean man no more.
If they think that's funny, it's fine by me.
Wow, you really changed your way.
Ah, forget about it.
I'm turning over all new thing Newton Leaf.
You have a nice, daily and power, and nice, my coolly friend.
Hey, Mo, look out for that truck!
Look out, look out, look out!
Mo, look like the shapeless pile of gold.
You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, I'm gonna show my respect, I story you, you, you, you, I wasn't even told before that last one, boosted my shoes.
I don't wanna say I'm glad outside of being a messy old schmucky wasn't bad
It's a machaya, oh how it day is day to day to the death
Oh how it day to death, but it's weakness time
Oh how it day to death, but it's weakness time
Oh how it day to death, but it's weakness time
Oh how it day to death
Forget about it, that's what I say, as that for a funny show idea
If I may borrow a phrase from the great Marty Allen
Hello Dair, everybody in Paradise Land
I'm Howard Davided, I hope you'll join me each and every Friday for my forget about it, Joel
That's what I opened the phone lines to all three of my regular low-income co-alers
and led them venture on what's bothering them
I was up all night dreaming this one up
At first I thought I'd go in with hand puppets like Sandy Becker
or I'll maybe uphold the werewolf aquist for quake
But management and I agree, this will be a real show stopper
Now I run a family type show here so I don't want more references to fixed gigaboo's or faggages guzzlies
Other than that, I promise you a hilarious decafony or high jinks and open conversation
Forget about it Friday, that goes for listening to 5.60 WQAM
Welcome back to the Mohawad Davided show
We're a juck full of zany but good clean family fun
You know that pipe smoke and jizz guzzled thinks rape is funny
Is that funny?
Plane's crashing into buildings is funny too, huh?
What?
What?
Since when it's gang rape funny, especially when it's me get my teeth back grabed
What a jackass
Hey, how about some puri tea?
No no no no don't go tap there so when I talk
This is important, they don't know comedy
I'll show them comedy
Today I brought my collection of lumenabna tapes
Oh?
Lumenabna you're more on
They even named the restaurant after lumen
Ah yeah, cluelish muck
We'll get back to that later
Right now it's time for our transcendent mid show snack
Bring the morning mayor his food
Ah here they are
My favorite place to die
Is I goat suboker?
Dig in everybody
Hmm what is it, Svint?
Looks like a donut
Looks like the vained umberials from plant-parent hood
They're in the hood
But it's good
Try it with the uh, cocktail sauce
I-I beast
We'll play that Alice Cooper record
There's a little atmosphere for you to help it go down the collect
The heck baby I'm really dig that Alice Cooper seed
I'm with it
And I'm here
I'm a head stirrup
If these folks only know what was good
Here
I have some more transcendent here
Can you blend your pellet this?
Thanks Smell
All right
Or we got the meathead mad dog coming up at one
Followed by that fat Joe right after the queer and the sprick
What's that?
It's a plane
The plane
Quick, where?
It's headed right for your asshole
Then don't it quench
560 WQA of his proud to announce Howard David is dead
Hey
Hey
Thank you Howard
Forget about it
Carthagridly after days of intensive shock therapy
Management emerged with a brand new lineup
For the vacationing Howard David
Starting tomorrow
Wake up with the Joe Mark and Sun Joe
Radio the way it was intended to be
With periodic sports updates by guilty
That's the
560 WQAM presents the Moen Joe Show
Meetings tank bad with our last failure
So we're gonna try this now
At least we're consistent
To get in touch with Moen Joe
Just uh what's the point
This is Howard the David dead
Welcome back to the Moen Joe Show
So what do you know
Where Joe
Well it's nice to be here
You don't mind this 18 hours shift
Fuck it
Oh no not at all
You were getting paid extra for this
Well they said they're gonna
You know what your problem is kid
What
You're stupid
I'm not
Yes you are
You're stupid
Just like that guava love and spit your buddy over there
Hey come on
This isn't
I mean we didn't even get started
Shut up
You want to walk my show
You'll do as you told to
Okay
Now get over here
We're over here
Yeah that's right
Now come here
Okay
Now get over there
All right
Come here
Okay
Get over there
All right
Yes
Sorry
Now get over here
Okay
Now come here
I'm over here
Not there
Over here
Oh
Sorry
Now get over there
I'm over
Now come here
I'm over
I'm over
Okay
Now look we got a break time enough
So why don't you go outside and wait for it to snow
Okay
Not just a man
I don't have to
Okay
I said go wait for it to snow
Okay
Oh and though
Well you added
Yeah
Get the QAM van ready for my appearance at the Hollywood
Fashion Center
I don't look I can
Yeah the worry
Get it to the automatic
Now end screen
Okay
No no not
Okay
It's
That'll be very good sir
Okay
At 5.60 WQAM
We just can't seem to get the morning show right
So once again
We softly advise about our crack head chicken hop consultants
That we apologize for that too
And now
5.60 WQAM
proudly presents
The Mogen David Show
One and Mogen
That
That's a good morning
Do you know who I am
Mogen David
Yeah
That's good
Because say
I forgot who I was
If that's your name again
Felt you
So
County
The Duke can call me
County
I'm a dish here
Lock
Lock
For the baker
Too salty
Sat
Take it back
I want fish nova
That's it
Get that out of here
And while you're out
Get me coffee
I got punch card
Full here for schoogeons
I get a freak cup
They're both
Wait a minute
How are we supposed to talk about sports
Oh yeah
Yeah
Have I ever tell you about the time
I had lunch with Joe Peppaton
No
How about that
Hurricane
Shuffle board team
They don't got that no more
Since when
Since they got rid of the rocket
Bortes on Collins Avenue
That's a good thing
I bought the no Mogen rules
See the card
Yeah
Crack it man
Crack it man
Yeah, now that
I got you crack right here
Bam
What we start
Man, I flipped my wig
Phew
It smells bad in here like toe cheese
Damn
Somebody say
We do a nice remote
From the festival flea market
Sounds good to me
Yeah, they got a lot of nice benches, dude
Okay, let's go
Okay
Hey, let's get out of here
Can use another vacation
What's that crap they played down the hall
That's power
Oh, God
It's the kids that they don't know what's good
It's like that song
I'm happy I live in a sweet level head
You remember that
Hey
How can you
Listen
I'm happy I live in a sweet level head
I'm happy I live in a sweet level head
You don't remember that
No
No
Why am I surrounded by morons
Come on, how we
Don't you
Call me how we
There's nothing so poor in nation from you
Bow
You're so much battle
Okay, that's it
You're all fired
You've been stupid to move
Listen to me
You're fired
Gelkiedan goes for you too
You know who I am
I'm the king of paradise
I came down here after losing my charm
But to be a big fish
In a little pond
When they kicked me off the US
Filion they told me don't come back again
I had some problems with wise guys
Who advised I move to paradise
So I'll read
Yeah
Boy
That's really no Louis 9
I got a little funny
You're all fired
And I hope that kids just like dice
I hope he dies
I hope you all die
I'm a big fish in a little pond to see you
A big fish in a little pond
Is anybody listening to me
I'm a big fish in a little pond
A big fish in a little pond
A big fish in a little pond
Yeah
What is anybody doing?
10 minutes past noon at 5.60
I was just thinking of a great name for the new bokeh brand CD
Yeah
Moe bits from bokeh brand
That's incredibly clever
Isn't that cute?
That's genius
Yeah Moe bits from bokeh brand
I think that's cute with like a little apostrophe in there
There you go bokeh
No extra charge
Anyway it's our noon to one Wednesday
If you wonder what's going on
Here we play all bits between noon to one on Wednesday
Moe bits are Moe often
On Qion
And why not?
It's like in the middle of the week
We decided this is a really good day
Propicious moment
To like lighten things up just a little bit
I mean who outwats your wolf blitzkrieg
That's what I will on me
See what I'm saying
We don't want to hear all the scraps
Showed on your rack
Just lighted it up a little bit
Okay we know we're going to blow up the world eventually
So to me time let's have a good time
Before we do it
Hey with your busy lifestyle
You need to get a little something good in your body
Here's something you can pop right in your little bokeh brand
PUSH and that's all yo' med
It's a great little capsule
It contains all kinds of good stuff for you
Farm and suitable for great olive oil
Combined with vitamins and minerals and robles
And they have a different product
Which is designed to help different parts of your health
There's one specifically designed to help your heart
One to lower your blood pressure
One for your cholesterol and your prostate
There's one to help your russurculatory system
Your digestive endocrine system
Your skin, your bones
Even your mind
All using the benefits of the purest best olive oil
And money can buy
And please keep in mind that all your med makes products
Specifically for men
And some for you ladies out there as well
It's an outstanding new product
And lots of people are popping right now as we speak
Picks them up today at Whole Food Markets
And wall greens
Including the one over there in Plantation
That where the pizza love's gonna be behind starting this Monday
Sudano is in the viral pharmacies
For more information call Oleomaytool3
They'll answer all your questions
1-866-Oliomayt
Ask them about Skippy too when you call
I'll say one
1-866-Oliomayt
And you can order their products on their website too at
olio-medamerica.com
Buy the local V6-E's 560
The radio is all yours
I'll meet you in
How it dated
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
I am more out with the data
Decrepanced and I'm ancient
All over my old face on blue and red is blue and blue
They I don't know why they hate me
All why they always hate me
It must be because I can't
It's purple
A laser bomb on my arm like a ramic
Now he map a locker what
I got beans on my nose
Nobody knows that under my clothes I wear pentihors
But that no mean that I'm gay
If you take my arms away I'd you order see my legs
Am I as well keep on smoothing shave
To show a little glazed the next time I'm raping it
I could go to a surgeon
But that gives me the shivers
I wouldn't want to walk out looking like Joe Rivers
Where am I?
I'm trying to beast the fat little freak
I think I'm a famous now we can afford to eat
The reason I dismissed that sneak and fat bastard
Is because he wouldn't shut up and he can't play conest
Hey son of a talker over there nobody talks when I rap
I rap then you talk
Like look at me I think I ain't no square
I'm a ding dong daddy man I'm really dead
I buy a ready one I want I don't care
But believe they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair
I get tired myself it even happens to the greets
Westwood once said you'll get out of here whilst we break your legs
So now I sit by the pool life since grew as an entrance
With my paladin cocktail placing bets on the jeans
In paradise paradise I don't guess nobody's has in paradise
Go go go go go I'll be slid in the screw kids when I get the jeans
But the cleaners aren't ready with my lime green pants
How long does it take?
Killed the calling of play
And we've just a little thought so what I love this thing
I get in touch with anyone I know the sandwich buddy
I can do what I want when the management loves me
Get a tell you something mo
Something you ought to know but the longest time I wanted you to be my home
You wipe my tight pal now I am straight
Now now
Who's the one you don't take no for an answer to that
And then it's time not you
What you don't know about it
But I've been
Who's the one you don't know
Who's the one you don't know
Who's the one you don't know
Who's the one you don't know
Who's the one you don't know
Welcome back to the glittering pageantry of the mohawada David O'Sho
We have a full bucket today
Including the cavalcade of a articulate athlete of yours
You know that pipe smoke is still at it
Why?
What was singing those songs make it funnami
They make funnami all the time
I don't know
Why they don't adore me
They're there
Everything will be alright mo
Get your hands off me a fairy
You queer
You're a tube jumper
Real man don't touch
Only during the game
Yes master
They want singing
I'll give them singing
Get on a piano
Omnede
Ok mo
Now hit it
Back in my game men was straight
The end day is live today
That's why I can't tolerate
This gunsling days
Spoils were in day back day
Got it
Stop it you moron
What's the matter mo
My wings fell off again
Ok
Alright where were we
Poor holes were in day back
I'll take it from here
The guys that like the worship men
Clicked thing we will see
Roll in your way
And I'm out of my game
Didn't need to zood cross
Dave
Didn't
Or to tickle
Hair
Retained
Jesus Christ
I really hate
Jesus gunsling
Giiiii
A.M. Presents
The OP and Anthony Shaw
With Mo Howard David
This is OP
And I'm Anthony
Your wait a minute
It's me with the low voice
Oh
Yeah you got the effected boy
Ok
Hi Anthony
Yeah hi
I hope he and let's not forget a old pal
Mo Howard David
Yeah I was wondering how long we'd take for you
To punks to get around to me
I really hit the big time huh
Here I am with the OP on Anthony
Hey Mo
What
Take off your pants
Yeah we're gonna rape you now
You gotta be kidding me
This is a family show
Ah
Wrong
This is the golpe on Anthony Shaw
Now come on
Strap
I thought you guys only did that in touch
Yeah
Hey
Get your hands out of it
Get out of it
Get up and sit there
That's my gun
Ah
Come on
Don't touch my delicate self tender
Oh
What is everybody want to rape me
Like us we think it's funny that's why
Yeah
And you got a nice back
Ah I got loose for you Polly
I'm still spraying
Why are you all up
Mama why you out
Oh
I got this hand tied OP
I want the red ball
I'm not for this
All right my open wide for chunky
Let's sing that together now shall we
Okay
Open wide for chunky
Hey
All right stop spanking Anthony
Okay
Hey
That's
Oh
Yeah
Use your lips
No she
No she's up
I said no
Okay
Ready for some spit evil love
We got to get
You're not supposed to mean now
Yeah
I really tell it
That's Mr. Bates you got now
Don't I
For the kid
Yeah
No
Take it away, Mom
What
You're just gonna leave me here
We'll be right back
I'm 560
Hmm
I feel so used
But don't don't
And that's why I think I just
I'll have a championship season
And where did I tell you
You don't talk
Do I say you can talk
This is the beast
I said shut up
That's all
That you're like a father to me
You don't talk
Talam done talking
When I'm done talking
Then you talk
Okay, I'll
Hey beast
Come here
Come here
I want you to be the friend of my
Mr. Gump Club
Why I heard
Better show you the business
And then it's
They come in
This court sentences you
To 20 years
In ours
Would you win, folks
I had
Dorete of my mattress
Look like we'll be your bookmates
The names of all how it's David
Stardust, stage screen and paradise
What's yours
They go me
Coffin
Hmm you got so pan
Right
Thank you
Hey
You know
What do you
So proud of
Drill
I'm going to make you my
Who
Hey nobody
Stop
God
God
God
I'm
Chowertop
We got 10 minutes
It was to be safe and easy
No both times
No man
In Lodha
New Linda Blau
But that
It's so pretty
Now man
Okay
For a person like that
You know who I am
Okay man then don't pick it up now
I'm your blood
All right
But I expect a print in the policy
I might just come
That's not true man
A book time
Yeah
A book time
I'll pick the truck
This is
This is
This is
This is
This is
The warden will see you now
Thanks
Well
Mr. David
Hello, Warren
Do
Jack
Jack ordered
How can it help you
You see Warren's
Yeah
I keep getting raped
To
He's a vatish
Yeah
Jaluk is who it right away
Thanks Warren
It's about time
Somebody
It is now drop your path
I said drop your path
This is odds
Favours don't come to you
Do
Do
Do
Let's rape
Oh
Radio
Big shot
That's how we pass the time away
In the G.O.J.
The pause
Toppins
Can't afford any mistakes
This play is crucial
Acts are at an eye for nation
That means from my vantage point
There's shaped like a letter i
Kind of like the Jaluk dances
That has to be the most
Frick and frick and stupidest thing I ever heard
Most
Then the secondary
And thirdly
The outcome at his game is invariably contingent
On how adroitly
They do put the thing in the thing
Are you
Watching the same game
I'm watching
Can you
So now it's time for a transcendent mid-game interview
So binky are you happy
I hate to be cute again
And I had it up to here with your show
Hope to
All right sportsman
Toppins
Are in a critical situation
They need this field goal
If they expect to win this game
And they go all the time out
So let's go to the phone
Shall we
Fast steady in Galiaciti
What do you know what do you say
You're a great game hower
Thank you
What you take on the board
Well if you ask me
And do you mind if I'll be called the game here
Why are what up
They missed the field goal
No well
Let's go to our sideline
Reputem
Take it away
Galdi
Acts
That's a ball
And
It's a freshly-painted goal
Close you got stuck
Then it goes out
Pushes the paint
Tastes it's you
And do you have it
I uh
I had about all I can take of this
What are you talking about
Sit down and shut up
You see this hand
I'm gonna take this hand
And crush your head like a peanut
You want me to kiss your ass
I don't kiss nobody
You catch a hand
Go for me
You'll be
I'll have you pie a thing
Boom
Boom
WOOOOO
Boom
Club 26 at 560 WDQM
So we have a new beast bid in
Yes
Well let's play that right out of the uh
Break when we come back right out of my uh
Dropping
What a great half hour that was you know
I'm almost breathless
I need a towel
Anyway is there still anybody out there
Who isn't playing it at VIP sportsbook.com
God forbid
No god
Then I better tell you you're missing out on a
Reading great sportsbook
Here are a lot of ads these days
But you need to do some research
Before you're plunked on your heart and cash
And plunge your guts out at some unstable third world sportsbook
In some god awful place like maybe sweet water
Let me help you out VIP sportsbook.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed
By all the industry watchdogs every single one of them
They're Dutch based
And one of the first online sportsbooks
So if you want to go out of roll over lifetime
At that time you better be with the best sportsbook
Going and VIP sportsbook.com is the one
The football season as we always in full force
You need to be with the best VIP sportsbook.com
So open an account online and get you a 15% cash sign up bonus
And don't forget they got the highest parliads anywhere in the universe
Up to 2000 to one
So get over to VIP sportsbook.com plunge your
Living guts up and play it a book with class
Call tool free 1 866 VIP bets
That's 1 866 VIP bets
Or go to VIP sportsbook.com and get that 15% cash bonus
For signing up online
VIP sportsbook.com where you and Gary Sarner are the VIPs
We're sports radio 560
Q-A-M
In the Banana Republic baby only in Miami
560 W-Q-A-F presents
Leaving two beats
Starring Moe Howard David as Moe
All live as gay carloans
Steven J. Goldstein as Wally
And Brian Lussard as the Beast
I'm home
Hey, where's the hat stand?
I ain't got no place to hang my wiggins
I'm old, I had another piercing accident
Watch out for the bottle
Why didn't the beast clean this up?
He got stares with Wally
He beast, you better clean that deep pedal before Moe gets home
Um, I don't know Wally, it's kind of itchy
So you didn't clean the deep pedal?
Yeah fat little bastard, you tuba lad
You're walking, go ahead
Told you he did so
Don't be so hard on the behind
They come in beast, time we had a little chat
Um, I don't know
Okay
No, you don't say anything to lump through understand it
I said nothing lumped on porkens
But you stuck but I got it right
That's it, remember my friend here
Mr. belt
Don't, don't, don't, don't
Ready?
I'll you stop
I said stop it
You shake your mouth if I've smoked and poof
Okay
But don't stand near the window
What for?
Touch your mouth
TOW
This one, to let all you people know
How a stoner's feel
You know, real high
You're the best brownies
You're getting that hot so glorious
And they hate the night of the story
So I asked my mom for some cannabis
And to smoke before we're long to buzz
My friends can love the pot
Every day you're in out, we just can't stop one
Day we even took up with the cop
Foggin a big fat hookah
Say I plant my seeds
Seeds for my weed
We're shit with free, free, free
To roll again
Say I plant my seeds
Seeds for my weed
We're for my bong
Let me smoke fat fong
Stay with me
That fong, the bong, the bong, the bong, the bong
I love it when I smoke the bong
Just like she can chew
Yeah, yeah
That fong, the bong, the bong, the bong
Look at that hot so glorious
That they hate the night of us
Curious, so I asked my mom for some cannabis
You just smoked before we're schoolin' on the bus
My friends can love the pot
Every day you're in out, we just can't stop one
Day we even took up with the cop
Foggin a big fat hookah
Say I plant my seeds
Seeds for my weed
We're shit with free, free, free
To roll again
Say I plant my seeds
Seeds for my weed
We're for my bong
Let me smoke fat fong
Stay with me
That fong, the bong, the bong, the bong, the bong
I love it when I smoke the bong
Just like she can chew
Yeah, yeah
That fong, the bong, the bong, the bong
Hey Jimmy, man
Get your passer right over here
Oh yeah
That's so good
Oh
All right, welcome back to the Howard David show
Where we run a clean family type
Where he growl at their show here
No homo talked our queers
Like that juke fed kite that follows me
I ain't gonna make the same goddamn mistakes
Who he sales made
And what are you?
You remember when he told the kid to put their hands in the parents' thing
Oh yeah, vividly
No, we're gonna talk sports here
With a little U-map based on the comedy style links at Jack Bumbum Carter
Oh yeah, that's...
Say, ain't it a beautiful day in paradise, huh?
Why sure?
Better than New York
Yeah, yeah
You're from New York, right?
I'm from Kenasi
All right, fight down
I just flipped my wig again
So, what did you come down here for?
Well, I had to, besides it, this right here, this is paradise
Just the both guys, I guess I can say I kind of miss New York
Why?
Don't you want to go back some time?
I can't go back
How come?
Well, they told me in no uncertain times
Let's not get into that right now
Yeah, that sounds familiar
So, what, you hear the news?
Huh?
I said, have you heard the news?
No
They're gonna suspend that little hospital holio
Who holio?
That's right, they ought to let that little spit bastard go
What did he do?
I just don't like him, ain't that good enough?
That little over the top don't you think?
Are you arguing with me?
No?
Do you know who I am?
I got the power of Greg Reed behind me
I want a fire of all
I want a fire of all
You, you're fired too
Get out of my place of business
You should set your place of business
Why you, why you on a sickle?
Get out of here
Get out of here
Get out of here
Get out of here
Get out of here
In yet another feeble attempt for him morning number
The 560 WQAM programming brain trust
Bradley presents the Mo Howard Show
And the two other people at our studio
Hello
Hello
And welcome to the Mo Howard Show
Hey Mo, we're on the air
Where? Where?
Over here you moron
Oh, then wait Mo
Yeah, pull your pants down and help me with the show
Okay, say, how about that Ricky William?
Why you, man
I see here you moron
We ain't talking about no fish on my show, see?
Only spot I like
Now come here your mutton head
Oh, say, get a load of that dame over there
What's your name?
That's Carolyn
Say, you think I ought to uh
Don't do it Mo, it's a family show
Out of my way
Hey, baby, come here
I'm a big star, you know
Mama, sweet cakes I just want to touch your head
Come on baby
I just want to
Show each and every morning on 5.60 W.U.A.L
Not that anybody cares anymore
We blew most of the audience off already
So why not?
What's your name?
Not that anybody cares anymore
I see here you moron
We ain't talking about no fish on my show
Out of my way
Hey, baby, come here
No, no, no
Oh, say, get a load of that dame over there
You know, Mama, sweet cakes
Oh, say, get a load of that dame over there
He's old, don't you bethweet his toes,
He's through babies with smell and fire,
Oh how he's of a hoar.
He's just a shmuck's horn hole in hell,
The kind that drag read lies.
He's just another New York failure,
First to move to paradise, no show.
Oh howard has no show.
His two babies with smell and fire,
Oh howard's baby,
Blow.
The party went to the one at five,
60 W to Q.A.M.
So again we'll do the same thing again,
if you got something else there.
Yes.
Well why not?
Alright, when it's done, let's pull it out.
You know, I'm discovered things here
that I have maybe played only like once or twice,
you know that?
Yeah, I know.
Did you see the lines ringing by the way?
For what the phone lines that you noticed them ringing I wasn't paying any attention. Oh
What does that mean? Well the phone lines were all ringing during the past half hour for what?
Well, that's what I wanted to know so I had Carlos picks them up. Yeah people are dying dying on the other
All right, well sure this is great entertainment folks and if some people would lighten up a little bit they'd understand that
They'd understand it but of course we got some hard-ass people and of course you know when you got bad viral
Cosmere is probably like a hardening of the arteries hardening of the ass, too, you know
Which leads to hemorrhoids and then those people do become a pain in the ass and anyway
We're just having our usual when's they knew in the one good time tell everybody in the world
This is the time to like lighten up and get away from all the bull crap, you know all the gloom and doom and the world is coming to win
Who the hell needs that you know some people take things to a serious? I think and that's kind of stupid
See now I'm starting to do that again. I had weaned myself off of that crap and I'm starting to do it again
You know I got that Todd Rex things sitting over here and I'm so tempted to use that today, too
But I'll save it you know
There's never been a better time to purchase a new home or refinancing or existing home then right now while I'm speaking
How about this rate 3.95 percent? That's right financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95 percent
All you got to do is pick up the phone and call financial group at their toll free number
1-800-940-L-E-N-D. That's 1-800-940-53-63. The money you're going to save is unbelievable
Think about it you can get yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan for only four hundred and fifty bucks a month or a two hundred
$2,000 loan for just
950 bucks a month the process is simple and you're going to save yourself thousands of dollars each year
Pick up the phone and call our good palies at the financial group at 1-800-940-Lin
There's never been a better time to get yourself a low interest rate than right now
So call financial group and you'll be on your way to saving a ton of cash financial group is an equal housing lender
Credit restrictions do apply rates are subject to change and Todd wreck is still a major asshole
So call toll free right now 1-800-940-L-E-N-D. That's 1-800-940-53-63
Oh
The boy
Oh sorry
and hotels
and hotels somewhere in hell in the day it's all michael
oh
You shut up stupid
Oh
Yeah, sure it was at the park sharradin
Paradise
Still on 560 WQ a.m. Oh
Oh
I just had to ask it can I please fire George look at you have no idea that kid puts on Peter in mose wig
The Andy slashing tires on my cat
Meeting with it
All of yt
a
For a cell to witness in,
personnel to be permission,
from that fat-gauge who's pushing for home.
I confess, I find sex stockpork,
sex stockpork, sports talk,
I like best,
sex like sport sports,
sports talk, sports talk,
I'm a story,
a story,
I dream of Ricky Williams in a dress.
Reading acquisition,
me and Moe,
we're insistent,
George must go,
my pants on the fishin',
because I can't get my way.
Analyzing, I could fire,
George and I,
position,
Ricky home,
we like play,
great sports,
sports talk,
I like to get the role.
Back when my wife got pregnant,
I'd practice contraception,
more contraceptive way down to my balls.
It's been brought to my attention
that it wasn't my erection
and discovered that it wasn't me at all.
Was that considerate?
Was that nice?
Do you discover that Greg Reed knocked up my wife?
I'm a story,
a story,
a story,
a story,
a story,
a story,
a story,
sports talk,
I hate Greg,
I was Georgia Jones today,
I talked about women like he does every day,
I talked about women,
butter day.
Well, they're not as exciting as sport-hole things,
reading positions,
sport at homes,
relic and gusset,
most brown holes,
can't get permission to make George go away.
No!
So I set up my thing in Gucci shoes,
and make the man's that they refuse,
who at least let me suspend him
for a day.
1248, I'm almost breathless,
and I'm just sitting here
at punching buttons, yeah.
418 votes on a pool,
what's your take on the TV show,
a small villa on the WB?
I'm one of brothers.
I don't watch it, 273.4%.
Don't you think that gooseed up a little bit?
That, well, could be,
I don't know, if the fake guy was voting,
and he vote for,
I hated it blows.
Who the hell knows?
And you say guy, as in singular,
Lana flicks my,
flicks my back,
licks it, 30,
it's okay, 27,
I love it, 23,
I hated it,
blows 20,
and Tom Walling is God, 11.
Hey, by now you've heard,
I'm sure I'm positive,
and Todd Drek, I know is positive
that you've heard about the incredible learning potential
of a computer professional.
There's big bucks to be made.
You've heard us talk about the incredible demand
for certified computer professionals.
They need lots of you.
So you've also heard us talk about the great people
of fast train.
So do yourself a favor,
pick up the phone and call fast train at 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
I think starting tomorrow
we'll give Todd Drek's home phone number
on this to in case their line is busy.
You can complete your program,
get certified in four short months
and be on your way to a brand new,
high-paying career,
making some real serious cash.
Fast trains got four convenient locations in Dayton,
Howard, they've got convenient day eating weekend classes
to depict your schedule.
They got full-time job placement department
with over 30 years experience.
So instead of us sitting around thinking about this,
pick up the phone, there's no obligation.
Call them today and get started
making a real serious income right away.
Call full free, 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
By the way, was your bonus on your stub?
No.
Oh, that's 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
See what I mean about dead end jobs
working for rancels or check out the fast train
on the web if you like it.
Fast train.com.
Fly in local.
Here's sports radio 560,
she'll ain't you a-m.
Sick mother fuck a pove along to my socks tonight.
So they smell like assholes,
crotch at the morning.
Get on my nerves with your smarty pants braids.
Talk about sex and that drives me insane.
Don't hold sports and that's us your dying gay, of course.
I can't take this.
Hey, George, you're fired.
You're not a sport holding you dressed like a sly.
Wow, the manly jocks will, they just don't make you a heart.
It's women all the time.
That's why the die can't take this.
Hey, George, you're fired.
If you kiss me off, you'll be fired.
Ooh, I thank you.
You go to hell, bitch.
And pack your hand lotion and fake movies too.
You're not died.
A straight guy, and responsible for making the
cry, cry, cry, cry.
Don't bother asking when your neck's drois are.
Will she be back in your old repo job?
You may not like guys, or you're not like that.
But I can't take this.
Hey, George, you're fired.
The sooner bonus can't lay, please.
No, well, who will you aggravate me?
The spike the big number in your summer book.
You're not a sports guy, and I hope you die, especially for making the
cry, cry, cry, cry.
Before you go, I have one question for you.
Now, how do you like the way I look in my news, too?
Now, I ask my wife, hey, she said fine, because I can't take this.
Hey, George, you're fired.
Roll another part.
Oh, right.
La la la la.
La la la.
La la la.
La la la la.
La la la la.
Look, she's la la la.
La la la la.
La la la.
I was going to clean my room until I got hot.
I was going to get up and find the broom, but then I got hot.
La la la.
My room is still messed up.
And I know why.
Why, man, yeah, yeah.
Because I got hot.
Because I got hot.
Because I got hot.
La la la.
I was going to go to class before I got hot.
Come on, y'all.
Check it out.
I could have cheated, and I could have passed.
But I got hot.
La la la.
I'm taking a next semester.
And I know why.
Why, why, why?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Because I got hot.
Because I got hot.
Because I got hot.
Go to class, go to class, go to class.
I was going to go to class before I got hot.
I was going to pay my child support.
But then I got hot.
No, you went.
Hey.
La la think, turn my whole paycheck.
And I know why.
Why, man, hey, hey.
Because I got hot.
Because I got hot.
Because I got hot.
La la la.
What they going to run from the cops?
But I was hot.
I serious, man.
I was going to pull right over and stop.
But I was hot.
La la la.
Now I'm a pair of pleats, chaper.
Because I know why.
Why, man?
Because I got hot.
Because I got hot.
Because I got hot.
La la la.
I was going to make love to you.
Because I got hot.
I'm serious.
I was going to eat your pussy.
And I got hot.
La la la.
Now I'm jacket off.
And I know why.
For the s*** off.
Yeah.
Because I got hot.
You know?
Because I got hot.
I told you I don't want to.
Because I got hot.
No, no, no.
Go.
I miss it.
Because I got hot.
Go.
I lost my keys to white.
Because I got hot.
Stay with me.
Stay with me.
Now I'm sleeping on the sidewalk.
And I know why.
Why, man?
Because I got hot.
Because I got hot.
Because I got hot.
La la la.
I was about singing the song.
Because I'm hot.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
I was singing this whole thing wrong.
Yeah.
Because I'm hot.
Bring it back.
Bring it back.
And if I don't still want to copy,
I'm a white man.
Because I'm hot.
Because I'm hot.
Because I'm hot.
Are you light on me?
Yeah.
La la la.
La la la.
La la la.
OK.
You talk about a sense of accomplishment.
I feel this could go on to the great hours
in the history of the human race.
I couldn't be wrong about that, but I don't think so.
There's two more minutes left.
I figure, pardon.
No, we don't have two more minutes left.
I got to do the promo again.
I got to read the result.
Hey, listen, I've been around a block a couple of times.
You think I don't know what time it is?
It's 12.50.06.
I'm not talking about on this silly website of ours.
I'm talking about the exact time.
You're right.
It's 12.50.13.
What?
By our clock, too.
Well, there you go.
So I'm right on top of it.
Man, I got to start with science.
I got my shirt on here already.
I'm ready to go out for a beautiful lunch.
As a matter of fact, it's right now 66, 65, and the son of
Shining, it's a low humidity.
It's heaven.
It's just like yesterday, a little bit cooler, maybe, like yesterday, all over again.
Period.
It's paradise.
How do you like that?
Well, those of you who can't be in paradise, you're stuck there.
But go out tonight and join George and McGill and Volkabrion and Carlos and, uh, fat,
Jeff High, five to seven.
I treasure Island off the Pomato just north of the 120-second street exit.
Stop by for crappy QM prizes because we got no budget.
But get two for one drinks as well at the treasure Island tonight between five and seven.
Okay, that takes care of that.
Pull quickly on small hill, which these people, what can I tell you about them?
Huh?
They don't watch it 314, 73 and a half per se.
Well, yeah, I mean, what TV show would have more than that though when you come right
down to it, see?
Lana Flix, my big 31.
It's okay, 27.
I love it.
23.
I hated it.
It blows 21 and Tom Walling is God 11 out of 430 votes.
So we're getting there.
We're working on it.
In fact, a lot of the people who were watching it last night are probably still working
on it today.
Anyway, we got the mad dog who's always working on it.
He's coming along.
You know what I did?
I just tore up the, uh, here it is.
Here's the pay.
Mad dog is next.
Then we got the Humberhank, the highly weighted Hank Goldberg shows.
I'm slaubing all of our Hank's numbers, even though what's his name?
Perfect.
It was on for about five minutes.
And then we got to the Marlon crap, which is going to be thankfully over very soon.
Any K after baseball and the dirty boys with a bevy of poro people, Joe and Mark overnight.
Bye, bye, bye.
Take me to your budget show.
I'm fighting to get you QAM.
Might be for my head.
Yo, yo, yo.
Let's rate, oh.
You're listening to the best of WQAM online.
We'll have you back to regular programming in just a few moments.
But until then, here's Howard David with dolphins.
