Now the Neil Roger show on 560 WQAM.
If there's a butt high smell of Jesus Christ.
Oh, I don't know what it is about.
They're wine little voices or they're big noses.
Goofy hats, tiny little meckles.
I don't know. They just rub me the wrong way.
Oh, I try to put this in lips and every speech I love,
regips it's in the news.
Hillary hates Jews.
Stewing hatred through the halls,
busting people's moths of all,
sits in the news.
Hillary hates Jews.
You won't catch her like a menorah.
God, she must have a wonderful aura.
One, she speaks, I want a Christ.
She could use a good rap by it's in the news.
Hillary hates Jews.
If there's a butt, I smell it.
901 at 560 WQAM.
You can always tell what the temperature is not other studio.
The psychosis level based on whether either my first name gets mentioned,
both names get mentioned or no one name at all.
So there's a very high discomfort level in the other studio.
That's just the way it goes, I guess.
I mean, there's only one thing, one word I can think of to describe that.
Stupid, but that's just the way it goes.
Why is this so loud in here?
This overhead and everything?
Must be you.
No, it is not me.
I got a cranked well.
Maybe they're coming from the conflore room.
Maybe they got it goosed up loud and go.
I got a goosed way up in there.
Yeah, maybe what are you dicking with an hour what?
Or they know I try it.
It must be there dicking with it in the other room now.
Okay, by the way, the Near Rogers show is coming up next here on 560 WQAM.
The highly rated Near Rogers show.
Yesterday speaking of this program, we asked a very important poll
and boy, this audience just had a field day there, feeling it.
When Near was on vacation, how did you like the George and Joe show we asked yesterday?
I'm sorry, the Joe and George show.
Well, I mean it went back and forth, you know, the game players out there
the people who live for our surveys every day.
They decided to, you know, stick it everywhere they could.
Here's the way it came out.
1300 and three votes.
Oh, and I bet you at least 40 of them were like real.
Oh, wait a minute.
Here it's re refreshing and it is mild.
1306.
Joe was good.
George sucked.
270.
I listened a lot.
It was fine.
265.
I didn't listen to it at all.
237.
I listened very little.
I hated it.
231.
Now those two categories.
35.7%.
About 36%.
They just can't handle it.
They need to sound to my voice.
George was good.
Joe sucked.
165.
12.6%.
And I listened every day.
It was great.
138.
10.5%.
A tremendous response.
A phenomenal response from the psychotic audience out there.
This is the kind of stuff they can sink their teeth into.
They love it.
I noticed there was a phenomenal upset last night.
I'm not talking about a stupid soccer game.
I'm talking about the Stanley Cup playoffs game one.
Those Carolina Heracun's most of us sold them short.
And I should have known better.
After watching them beat the Leafs 2 to 1, 3 times in overtime in that series.
There's just something about them.
That little archers are made that son of a bitch and then the course older Ronnie Francis
who scores the winning goal in overtime.
Once they got Detroit in overtime last night, I'm saying to myself, you know something?
The Red Wings are in big trouble.
They're in deep crap.
Big crap.
And there goes Ronnie Francis early in overtime, which seems to be their pattern.
They don't like to stick around too long.
Sticks it right in behind Haschick and Carolina beats Detroit three to it overtime.
Then hear anything about that except on the updates this morning.
Nothing about that.
All I heard was World Cup, World Cup, World Cup.
You see, like I said yesterday, nobody cares about soccer in this country.
They care about it in the rest of the world.
It's very, very big.
But nobody cares about that here.
It's like the Brits with that whole thing with a monarchy.
With the Queen and there were a million people in the streets waving their little British flags
and living in the past, you know, when the distant past.
Trying to regale themselves with the memories of the Great British Empire.
When they can actually even beat up on Las Malvinas or whatever the hell it was, the Faulk of New Orleans.
Just Faulkam.
But then now they can even beat themselves.
They're so impudent.
But today they're running around with little flags because everybody wants to feel good about themselves.
It's all this jingle with the course crap.
But the rest of the world doesn't care about that.
My Canadians care about a little bit.
I noticed it was on their news a lot because they still have the Queen on their currency.
I think we ought to like take George Washington off the $1 bill and put my picture on it.
I mean, why can't we have a Queen on our currency too?
Sounds good to me.
$1 bill.
It should be the $2 bill.
How about the $3 bill?
I think that would be good.
So here's our poll question for today.
Which of these are you most interested in?
Now these aren't all necessarily.
It's not just a sports thing because this is not a sports show.
Is it?
No.
Good.
Thank God.
And you sports nerds, Octane Manu.
You people just, you slay me.
You just kill me.
Which of these are you most interested in?
Hockey.
The British Monarchy.
Soccer.
Women's Basketball.
Baseball.
Cockfights.
Or don't care about any of them.
Didn't that cover a lot of territory?
What I do a poll baby, I give you a wide spectrum.
I give you a big choice.
Make no mistake about it.
So you can like, you know, kind of survey the situation.
Check out the landscape.
If there's a butt, I smell it.
And then, you know, go right ahead and proceed to do whatever you want.
Which of these are you most interested in?
I'm so glad I came back for these few days, man.
I'm having a great time here.
And everybody else ought to be having a great time too.
But we got some uptight old farts around us.
Do I have to just refuse to loosen up even just a little bit, you know?
That's very sad to me.
It's very sad.
Just a radio show.
We're just having a good time.
We're here to entertain.
We're not going to change the world.
We're not going to change mankind.
We're not going to change human nature.
Even sub-human nature.
We're just doing a radio show.
Having a good time.
And boy, the kind of psychosis that I'm talking about smelling it.
You can smell it in the hallways here.
It's unbelievable.
And everybody's waddling around up and down.
This is like a...
What do they call the old women?
When they get together?
Oh, the head's the cat like a hen party.
It's unbelievable.
Speaking of hands, you know,
I was watching one of the old Hollywood Squarespace things
on a game show channel a couple weeks ago.
And that was back in the what?
In the 70s, I would say?
Yeah.
Definitely not later than the 70s.
And Paul Lynn, the question was,
what do you call a cast-rated chicken or cast-rated rooster?
He says, oh, is that the one that just goes, a doodle-do?
And I thought to myself, you know, for the 70s,
I'm shocked that they let that on the air.
And of course, if you're going backwards, they bleep all in the family now.
Oh, really?
Well, yeah, because that's John Ascrock's in there, too.
Yeah.
So if anybody's got a...
Okay, but it doesn't have like shoes and socks on.
Also, they like bleep though, they're your feet out,
because somebody might be in, have a foot fetish.
Oh.
So not just do they cover up that statue with those teats on there,
but they...
Oh, and what was the great thing I saw was on Seri Night Live this past weekend,
where they showed the, where they did a bit on Ascroft?
I missed it.
And he was making a big speech about, you know,
cleaning things up and they took away the statue from behind him with a breast.
And instead, it was replaced by a David with a penis hanging out.
It was a lovely thing.
Anyway, let me give that thing a game,
just in case Eric wants to hop right on it.
Let's get that other thing off of there already,
because they're still voting on there.
1312 votes, a spectacular response.
Maybe we can do the same thing again today.
And don't give me a song and a dance about,
oh, soccer is great, and the US beat Portugal.
Nobody cares.
All right, I hate to break the news to you.
A lot of you bananibled people you care,
because like in Brazil, and Venezuela, and Colombia,
I mean, Colombia's got to have something beside just cocaine and the murder, you know?
But once you get north of...
And now what about Mexico?
Are they big into soccer?
I think they are.
Okay.
Once you get north of Mexico, which unfortunately is Texas,
but once you get past there,
nobody really cares about it.
I hate to break the news to you.
And of course, the hockey thing, I do understand it's not a US thing,
but I do mention it because I love it, and I love in Canada anyway, eh?
Which of these are the most...
Are you most interested in hockey?
The British monarchy?
Soccer?
Women's basketball?
Baseball?
Cockpites.
We had to pull one for the Julio zone there.
Cockpites.
Or don't care about any of them.
Very excellent choice of categories for there today, an outstanding poll if you ask me.
George didn't see the thing on the news last night about the guy in Texas
in the pickup truck, the high-speed cop chase.
Sure hope somebody had a chance to see that,
because a lot of people enjoy seeing that kind of crap.
And the guy didn't really get killed,
or at least not as of last night, he was in a pretty bad shape,
and you'd understand if you saw it.
He finally drove right off the highway into way of pillar.
And it wasn't a pillar of salt, unfortunately,
it was like a concrete pillar into that...
That thing that big pickup truck is folded up like an accordion.
And he's still alive, I guess, or at least as of last night.
So a little bit of excitement, therefore,
because now that we got all these people running around with their video cameras,
and of course the TV people were the crews every time they have a high-speed chase,
we get to see the live footage and that.
It's almost as exciting as OJ, not quite.
Didn't see the white Ford Bronco, but maybe we can re-enact that down here.
It's gonna be good.
Get an 80-share channel seven can do it,
and get OJ to take the Ford Bronco and go cross the MacArthur Causeway
about 150 miles an hour.
I'd love to see it. I'd pay for this event.
Without stopping, right?
And then make a sudden quick right.
You've heard me talking about the big one.
In four short months, you can have a big one too,
believe it or not, a big, fat, impressive, worthwhile paycheck.
Get out of that dead-end job and start making some real cash.
The demand for certified computer professionals is through the roof.
They need you. Pick up the phone and call our friends at Fastrain right now.
At 866 Fastrain, summer classes are forming right now.
If you call now, you can be certified in your new career before summer's end.
Fastrain offers Microsoft certified instructors for convenient locations
including the new Kendall campus, job placement assistants, day and evening classes too.
And for those individuals whose job is affected after 9-11,
Fastrain is an Operation Paycheck Training Provider.
Call Fastrain Tool Free 1-866-FASTTRAIN, call them right now or check them out on the web at fastrain.com.
And like I said, they can have you certified and ready for a new money-making career in as little as four months.
By the end of the summer, you can start making some serious bucks.
Call Fastrain today, tell Neil Torrey to call 866-
Disappeating locations.
New portion of this program may be reproduced without the express written permission
or QAM, busy broadcast group incorporated.
We'll Chamberlain Rate Me.
Oh, hello, Neely. It's Greg.
Do forgive me for being so forward and allowing myself to call you.
But I just had to ask you.
Can I please fire George?
Look, if you have no idea, that kid puts off theater in Moe's wig.
And he slashed his tires on my Cadillac.
No, it's true. It's true, all true.
Meeting Quizzation, the fire George, I want to pitch him.
I have the door, I want to kick him with my Gucci shoes.
Where is Quizzation?
For a cell to laugh dismissing, person out the knee permission,
From that fat gay juice.
I confess I might just talk for it.
For it's more towards all I like best.
Red light's more for more sports.
I'm a story, a story,
I dream of Ricky Williams in a dress.
Reading Quizzation drives up hate unless you're sniffing.
Sport the pain to fifth position.
When sport the spread their leg.
Breaking your hands when he juxtapods on his line.
Hey, Greg, how is George's job today?
He talks about women like he does every day.
Talk about women, what are they?
Well, they're not as exciting as sport-hole fakes.
Reading Quizzations, sport assholes.
Relic and kissing, most brown holes.
Can't get permission to make George go away.
Reveal, so I step by being in Gucci shoes.
And ain't the best that they refuse.
When least that they suspend him.
For a day.
All right.
960, it's quite a production.
Wasn't it even a queen being pressed with that?
And that's the shortened version.
This queen was impressed with it.
Anyway, we got the my vote on there on the pool.
And that's it.
The pool is already up there.
Which of these are you most interested in?
It's already up there not getting the tremendous
immediate response way of yesterday.
Well, they have a chance to like hate.
Here's a very important story that no George is going to be excited about.
McDonald's settles beef over fries.
McDonald's corporation has agreed to donate $10 million to Hindu
and other groups to settle lawsuits filed against the chain for mislabeling French fries
and hash browns as vegetarian.
I got to be honest with it.
We aren't particularly fond of vegetarians on this show.
We like our meat.
Right.
We don't like it.
We're fine for them, but they're militant about it.
Let me see it again.
We are fond of vegetarians in a first place.
And especially if you're a militant vegetarian, if you're one of those petta people, for example.
We actually are despised you like poison.
McDonald's also posted an apology on its website acknowledging that mistakes were made
in communicating to customers about the ingredients in the fries and hash browns.
The vegetable I used to prepare the fries and hash browns was not pure,
but contained essence of beef for flavoring purposes.
What do you think is in essence of beef?
I don't know, beef?
No, there is no.
Stop and think about that essence of beef.
You know?
I mean, there might be some people having a little brunch right now.
I would juice.
Oh, that's a good one.
Who eats them gently?
Essence of beef.
Doesn't sound too good to me.
We sincerely apologize for any hardship that these miscommunications may have caused
among Hindus, vegetarians, and others.
The company said an apology posted June 1 on their website.
Seattle Attorney Harish Barthie said yesterday that a judge gave his tentative approval
of the deal last month.
McDonald's spokeswoman Anna Rosenich said the money the company will be paying
out to go to organizations that deal with issues,
lengthy concerns raised by customers, consumers, you people.
People dumb enough to eat in McDonald's.
McDonald's was first sued over the fries in Seattle last year by three vegetarians,
including two Hindus, who don't eat meat for religious reasons.
Lawsuits were subsequently filed in Illinois, California, New Jersey, and Texas.
The lawsuits were filed on behalf of any vegetarian weight McDonald's fries after 1990.
That was the year the company announced its restaurants would no longer use beef at
to cook fries, not only pure vegetables would be used, but they lied.
Kind of like Dr. Dick that time, you know, when they said,
oh he said he was going to be here?
At 245, he lied.
Well, McDonald's lied to.
A lot of lying going on these days.
That's basically what it's all about.
I don't think that pull is really up.
It's on my screen, but I get the feeling it's he still doesn't want to be right.
He's didn't want it.
Quick, didn't want that Eric Goddaman.
Oh, it's speaking of that thing about vegetarians.
It reminds me of the thing with the Olympics in Seoul.
Were they going to be serving up dog?
Now, I must tell you, and even as a dog lover that I am, the more I think about that,
what differences does it make?
A calf is a nice little animal too, right?
You can pat a calf on the head, huh?
Nope.
Sure you can.
I guess you could.
You were never in the FAF future, whatever that thing is.
The fist, the farmers of America, whatever that.
You never went to the county fairs, stuff like that.
And a lot of cows and interacted with them.
Well, I bet you, the county fair, you can go and you can pat the little animals on the head.
And then a calf is a cute little animal.
You can't have a cow for a pet.
And how about people who are like deer meat?
Yeah, what about that?
So that's my wild animal.
That's my point.
That's my point.
And that is that as much as I love dogs, to them, it's part of their culture, they like dog.
We like them one way, they like them another way, like kind of like meaty moil.
You know, sometimes they have pet dogs.
They showed in one of the national geographics, you know, the dog butcher, and he had pet dogs.
Well, I wouldn't think of doing anything to them.
Well, maybe people like who work in the meat industry, like the people in Omaha,
maybe they have a pet calf at home on the farm.
A lot of those people are farmers.
Why not?
It's a possibility.
So I know a moan that's the, it just doesn't sound right, but you have to start adapting to other cultures.
You have to start understanding the way other people think, because basically what the world is about today is the,
I was thinking this coming to work this morning, the civilized against the barbarians.
That's really what it's come down to, even on a local level.
Well, we're the civilized here.
I've been here like five days now.
I haven't seen any.
What, in this building?
Oh, and speaking of that, by the way, the driving here still sucks.
You know, Tom Jikers said I was going to lose touch with what was going on not being here.
Another is changed.
It sucks even worse than it was before.
It just keeps getting worse and worse and worse.
And Mayor Penga Picani's got a new scam I see.
Got a new penny sales tax or half penny sales tax, whatever you can put over on the public to put on a ballot this fall,
to improve transportation.
And the Sun Sentinels got a herniatic effort they're making to try to like make something out of nothing.
What they don't understand is that this isn't like most other markets.
You can't take mass transportation and go somewhere and then walk.
Or we've been take shuttle buses.
Where are you going to go?
You can go downtown, downtown Miami.
Nobody wants to go downtown Miami.
But other than that, where are you going to go?
It's just not built like that.
This area is, it doesn't exist.
So you can keep pipe dreaming all you want.
But it's nice to see the mayor's got another good scam cooked up.
And I see Robert Steinbeck is sucking up to him in the paper this morning,
which I won't waste my time reading that.
Focusing on visitors to US plan calls for registration, photographs and fingerprints.
Here we go.
Get the boots, the marching boots ready.
Oh, and speaking of my cough, which I'm coming along just fine,
getting the last of the dark green stuff out of there.
But yesterday, Belly, it came about the doctor there in Hollywood thinking that they were going to send me,
which they did send me that supposed blood testing clinic.
The good news is that my friend Ed there fact me that information about his place.
A real nice little place.
And I'm made an appointment.
I'm going there after work today to get my blood drawn.
Just to see what's going on my cholesterol, things like that.
And coming to find out it was verified to me that they placed that they sent me
was a place for like deadbeats and criminals and scumbags.
And I guess there's some people figuring out probably I feel fit right in.
Yeah.
Being a scumbag that I am.
The Justice Department is discussing a controversial plan that would invoke a World War II law
to require thousands of visitors to the U.S. to be registered and fingerprinted sources said.
Let's fingerprint them.
Oh!
The idea immigration lawyer says has been floating around for months as reports continue to show
that the government has no reliable way of keeping track of thousands of visitors,
tourist students and other non-citizens who come to this country each year.
Like George, for example, he just wandered in on a rubber raft one day and they haven't found him yet.
Dolphins help me.
Aim the terrorist.
I didn't even know you know the coach, Shula.
Aim the terrorist and those hostile to this country, the new plan would apply to visitors from Cuba.
Oh, that's first on the list.
Cuba?
Yeah.
Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Sudan and Syria.
The country's already listed as terrorist states, but also from Pakistan, Saudi Arabia and Yemen,
according to MSNBC which first reported this plan.
Those visitors would have to fill out registration form and allow inspectors with immigration
and naturalization service to take their fingerprints and photos if they plan to stay in a country
for 30 days or more.
Under current rules, only visitors from four countries, Iraq, Iran, Libya and Sudan must go through that process.
The moment they arrive, the moment they step foot on the shore as opposed to the people from Cuba
who the moment they step foot on the shore get an old beat-up Chevy and a driver's license and a bunch of scrap.
Pictures of alien.
Foreigners seeking to live in the US are photographing or printed must provide detailed background information to the government,
but the same is not required among the most visitors.
US Attorney General John Ascroft, beef lawmakers yesterday, MSNBC says, and sources said he could announce the plan as soon as tomorrow.
If the details I've heard are true at Alarmsby said Jean Butterfield or Heads the American Migration Lawyers Association,
it's another example of overreaching by the Justice Department.
She said, a registration process doesn't help us identify those who are going to do his harm.
Are they the ones who are going to come forward and register? I don't think so, she said.
The Justice Department hasn't decided on a final plan.
The plan reportedly will be offered first as a proposed rule, open a public comment if all goes into a fact.
In other words, another dog in Pony act.
Putting on a good show, putting on the rits to the public make it look like we're really doing a good thing.
And the best part of the deal is we knew who most of these guys were anyway and we still couldn't finger them.
Did we find Osama Yamami yet?
No.
Did we know whether he's alive?
No.
They said that Mullah Bullah Omar is alive and well and spends most of his time in Afghanistan,
but shuttles are run like to the French rear-bira where we're hanging out these days.
He's having a good time.
How do you like that?
We couldn't find any of these people with both hands, but hey, keep waving at flag.
USA! USA! Maybe we need Portugal!
Soccer, that's where it's at.
Oh, the poll is up.
Which of these are you most interested in?
35 votes while I wasn't paying any attention there.
All of a sudden, just looked to one side and bought a bing.
They went nuts.
Baseball 9, hockey 8.
Hockey 8, Mo!
I don't care about any of them 8.
Soccer 5, the British Monarchy 3, cock fights 2 and movements basketball the big.
I shouldn't say that.
I don't want to piss off Ron Rothstein.
We should be pushing like crazy.
They might be sold because we want to suck up to Ron Rothstein.
Even though nobody out there cares about it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, why aren't you in a dyke basketball?
What's wrong with you, man?
No, just dykes.
Well, maybe some of those dykes are very attractive, although from the pictures I've seen,
I really don't think so.
I haven't seen one.
They don't look too good to me.
And I really doubt that.
I think we might take some calls again today, momentarily.
One, never know how I feel like it.
We took some yesterday on Monday.
It was okay. I would say, you know, compared to what we usually expect.
26, and I apologize to Ron Rothstein that we can't use this show to shield for the Miami Soul,
because I just am not into dykeball or dykes all that much to begin with.
Summer time is coming, maybe it's 142 degrees in the shade every day,
and it's only going to get worse.
They're predicting one of the most sulk-free summers in the history of this town.
Now, here's one way to stay healthy in spite of the heat and humidity.
It's Oliomedi.
It's Oliomedi.
It'll make you feel your best and keep you in good health.
Oliomedi's a soft-shell capsule that contains pharmaceutical-grade olive oil along with vitamins and minerals
and herbals to promote health for your prostate, for your heart, your blood pressure, and your cholesterol.
Oliomedi's also got supplements to grow healthy in your circulatory system.
Your digestive and endocrine system, your skin and bones, and even your mind,
all using the benefits of pharmaceutical-grade olive oil.
And don't forget Oliomedi's got products for men, and for ladies out there, too, real ones.
Oliomedi's available at Walgreens, Whole Food, Markets, Numeral Pharmacy, and Sedanos.
If you want to get more information about Oliomedi, what it does, how it works, what it is, et cetera, all of these things,
just call them toll-free.
1-866 Oliomedi.
That's 1-866-OLEO-MED, where you can also order their products right off their website at...
10-
The Jewel in Marshall, overnight on Sports Radio 560.
QA-A-A-
How young is too young?
A Holy Man of the Wash, Flood, Garden of the Law, Holders, Boys, Bonds, Garden of the Law,
Holders, Boys, Bonds, Black Thumbs.
He's back on the flower of the Vatican to help him cover up, and enable the best text he's ever had.
He's back on the flower of the Vatican to help him cover up, and enable the best text he's ever had.
You can understand what his new proposal at the Abiships have come up with, what it really boils down to,
and that is that you get one free pass, like going to Disneyland or Disney World, and getting one free ride,
and then you got to pay for all the rest.
Same thing with a Catholic Church, all a priest that you get one free pass for one moral station.
Maybe they should get a coupon when they graduate seminary, like a drink ticket.
So make it a really big one, a good one.
Pretty big!
Yeah, and then of course after that, then you're in real trouble.
So once again, they're like, you know, soft-soping the whole thing if I can use that expression, and like, you know, who the hell are they kidding?
Are they kidding anybody with a brain? No!
No, only the media who are like sucking up all this is a good beginning. It's not a good beginning. It's just part of the cover-up.
Once again, setting themselves up as the law.
How are they in a position to give anybody a free pass? It's like saying, well, you know, if you remember of our priesthood,
you can murder one person, but after the second one, then you're in trouble. We'll turn you over to the authorities.
But the first one, we give you a free pass.
We will, we will, we will come to confession, and we'll forgive you for your sins.
Well, let's you go out and do one, one armed robbery, and you float them.
But the second one, man, you're out.
And like I said yesterday, and nothing I'm going to say is ever going to change it.
You suckers out there, you keep going back here every Sunday, you keep slipping all your little kids there, and it's just, it's pathetic.
You keep subsidizing this insanity. They don't want to change.
They're, they're just pissed off that they've been caught by their goddamn pantaloon with their robes down.
But they don't really want to change because this is part and parcel of what they've been doing for centuries.
There's nothing new going on here. It's the same old crap.
Yeah, we got 80 million stories about that.
Man with fake bomb at St. Peter's first of all, though, Vatican City.
A man threatened to blow himself up today near St. Peter's Square in the Vatican, but Poli said the bomb he was carrying turned out to be fake.
The man began shun, like a lot of other things in the Vatican, I'm sure he had a dead piece.
The man began shouting in front of the Vatican post office a few hours before Pope John Paul the tooth was to hold his weekly general audience in the nearby square in front of all the getch keys.
Italian police spokesman Marco Viola said the man was carrying an empty pipe with some wire sticking out in no explosives.
The man's protest apparently had nothing to do with the Vatican, a businessman from southern Italy, he claimed he was being threatened by organized crime gang said Viola.
The man was taken to a nearby Pugley station for questioning. The Pope held maybe the car, caravanieri got him.
They don't mess around the caravanieri. They're not like the policia who just, they're like sluppers, but the caravanieri when they get you, they just, the Pope held his public audience attended by thousands of pilgrims in St. Peter's Square thousands of getch keys without incident.
Pastor of St. Brendan suspended boy.
The Reverend Jose Nixie long time past her St. Brendan Catholic Church was suspended yesterday after a sexual abuse complaint was lodged against him. The Archdiocese of Miami has confirmed.
He's been put on administrative leave due to a sexual abuse allegation Archdiocese spokeswoman Mary Ross Augusta said Nixie is the eighth priest to be suspended from the Archdiocese since 1998 because of a sexual abuse accusation.
For there's also retired since then for the same reason, so that sounds like a dozen, like the dirty dozen to me.
Augusta said Father Nixie 55 passed her insane Brendan at 8725 Southwest 32nd Street in Southwest Dade since 1982 was temporarily replaced by yesterday by the Reverend Charles Peterman, oh bad name for priest.
Oh, Peterman? Pretty big. She said it's the church's policy to suspend any priest accused of sexual misconduct until the Archdiocese conducts an internal probe if you pardon that expression.
In the accusation, they're probing it. Archbishop John C. Favallora will appoint a response team, a committee of church laypeople to investigate the allegation. Augusta said the panel will determine whether the allegation is credible or not.
Don't you think the authority is ought to be checking on the allegation? You think? Yeah, Colombo at least, childlike homes, something like that.
John Holmes? John Walsh? John Walsh would be good. And by the way, he's Catholic, as you know, and he's fired up and pissed off about this.
He's been with our good buddy. Many, many times over the last months since this whole thing blew if I can say that, and he is psychotic about it.
Depending on the outcome, Nixie could be reinstated as a pastor or removed from the church, but is removal from the priesthood would require the approval of the Vatican.
Augusta declined to comment on the nature of the complaining against Nixie. The pastor could be reached for comment, like everybody else.
In the past month, the Archdiocese has suspended two priests, the Reverend Ricardo Castelanos, long time pastor of San Isidro in Pompodo Beach, and Alvaro Guishar at 62 headed St. Francis to sales on Miami Beach because of allegation to sexual misconduct.
By a former altar boy, by the way, it's St. Kieran Church in Miami.
Joey Carreyes, and a lawsuit filed last month accused Castelanos 56 of molesting him at St. Kieran Church, Immaculata, La Sal High School, and Church of the Little Flower in the Gables, when he was between the ages of 14 and 16. From 1970 to 72, he also accused Guishar at 62 of sexual misconduct and Little Flower Church during that same period.
The suspensions came as the Archdiocese of Miami is providing information of past and current complaints to these state attorneys' orifice.
Here's another depressing piece of news. Why? Like I said, not a good idea that I can all look at that world cup or number one baby.
Yeah, USA, USA.
We meet Portugal. I'm going to tell you right now if we went to the nearest shopping mall.
And we cornered 100 people of no matter what they looked like or from once they came.
And we had a map of the world. How many of those 100 people do think could find Portugal on the map?
In this town?
Yeah.
Two.
A. Two, Brut.
Very sad. Right there next to Spain, by the way, right by Espanya. On the Iberian Peninsula?
It's right there. See. I've never been to Lisbon, but I hear it's a pretty interesting place.
So I've heard.
Lisbon.
Oh, that's right. They don't speak Portuguese. Like in Brazil, right?
Here's that other terrible story.
Star Recruit is arrested may lose UM Scholarship.
What a shame.
Prized University of Miami football recruit Nate Harris, a senior at Miami Edison High.
Might lose his scholarship after being arrested last Thursday.
Only days from graduation, Harris is not expected to play football at UM, a university source, be saying.
Harris, a 6'2", 210 pound linebacker's been in jail since Thursday.
He's expected in court. In fact, he's there right now. It's said 9 a.m. today.
So I'm assuming that if they're on the right time, they might get around to what like right about now to face one kind of armed robbery.
Now, see, if he was in a Catholic church, he'd probably get one free armed robbery, like I said.
But unfortunately, he ain't.
According to the Dave Police report, Harris 19 and Antoine Evans 19, robbed a victim at gunpoint.
Wait till you hear this story.
The victim was playing checkers on a street corner in Liberty City.
Evans pulled out a gun and said, let me get your expletive. Obviously, the word is Schmidt. Let me get your Schmidt.
Right. Evans then allegedly took the victims necklace, bracelet and ring. They're Schmidt.
Oh, that's a beauty.
Harris and Evans then fled back to their car, which allegedly was being driven by Freddie Chromor 21.
The victim pursued them and eventually gave police the description of the car and the attackers.
The three were arrested shortly after the incident.
Edison football coach Corey Belsett, Harris told him they had said in Thursday, they had no idea Evans and Chromor were going to rob someone Belsett.
They told me he thought he was going to get dropped off in his girlfriend's house.
When I spoke to him earlier Thursday, he told me he was going to our spring football game that night.
I can't see why Nate would do this.
According to family and friends, Harris left school about 1.30 in the P.M.
The alleged robbery happened at 2.54 p.m.
A few blocks from the school.
If convicted of robbery with a firearm, Harris could receive, I'm getting choked up about it, a sentence between 48 months and 10 years in state prison.
How do you like that?
So I guess he ain't going to be running fast and jumping high, unlike like Brian Blades, for example.
Pretty sad news there for all you sports nerds out there, for all you jocks nippers, for all you people who think that like ball games are the most important thing in the world.
Man, good thing I'm going for those blood tests, you know what?
I could have something bad like the crud.
Edison.
That's a lot better than was Monday night.
Oh geez.
Much better.
I got some sorbitol drops if you want to.
No thanks.
Explode.
I just got through Tania, I'm going for my blood test after working that nice lab over here on the wherever the hell it is.
Right.
As opposed to that one where they sent me from the doctor's office, that doctor's office by the way over there on tap street, just a little bit west of a 441.
Right by the funeral parlour.
It's a good thing they're real close.
Yeah, they're like right next door, almost that funeral parlour.
You know the one I'm talking about?
A generic funeral parlour that's a-
What is it? I don't know.
It doesn't really have any colors on it.
It's just black and white lettering.
Low cost.
Yeah, it's a-
Here's a good place for dead people, I think is what it said.
And that sign was on the front of where the doctor's building was.
87 votes on a poll.
Which of these are you most interested in?
Baseball 26.
I don't care about any of them 21.
Hockey 15.
Soccer 10.
Cockfights 8.
The British Monarchy 4.
And women's backs at ball 3, which means that Ron Rothstein's three friends voted.
20 till 10 at 560 WQA.
Hey, if you got a big ugly ball spot, you can wear a mostly looking musk red wig.
You can have holes building your head with blood pouring down your forehead.
And if everybody in town just falling on the floor laughing at you.
You'll think you're looking a lot better and then everybody's behind your back is saying,
God is like Bob Eisenberg or Jack Ass or what?
But if you want to look great, Charles Alfie Eries, the guy who came up he do it.
That's all he does for over 25.
Well, he also goes to hockey games a lot.
Charlie's been doing it for over 25 years, helping guys look their best.
He's been a guest on Good Morning America.
The today show he's been a sponsor of this program for over 20 years now, I believe.
And it's something like that?
100 years.
Kunzage, very long time.
And guys are just amazed at how much better and younger they can look with Charles Alfie Eries natural hair line system,
unlike any other system at any price.
And this one's very affordable, by the way.
Unlike all those other things, this one looks like they have someone right out of your scalp.
It looks natural, not like you got a better straw on the top of your head.
So pick up the phone and call Chuck Alfie Eries today.
Tell him the arranges to what you need to call, which will save you 200 bucks off the regular price, by the way.
Call 1-800-321-2413.
They'll bring you in there.
They'll give you a free consultation and with no obligation at all.
They'll show you guys just how much better and younger you can look.
Probably better than you ever thought you could look again.
Call that number 1-800-321-2413 or log out of their website at www.
Gold Eagle Steve and Wendy Mornings from 69 and 5-Sports radio 5-SK-Q-A-N.
God?
I gave the command to kill thousands of innocent people.
I said fill her up.
I helped raise money to buy explosives for a suicide bomber.
But it was just so I could drive to my in-laws for Thanksgiving.
I helped ship rocket launchers to Islamic fundamentalists in the Philippines.
But it was all in good fun. I was just cruising to the beach.
I helped provide cash to train terrorist guerrillas.
But all I was doing was topping off my tank before my ski trip.
If you think your addiction to using gasoline in your car isn't causing any harm, think again.
Because the money you spend to fill your tank eventually goes to fill the pockets of terrorists.
I gave the command to kill thousands of innocent people.
And all I had to say was fill her out some other public service announcements,
want to blame terrorism on drug addicts.
But we want to let people know that it's gasoline that fuels terror.
So whether you're sticking a straw in your nose or a nozzle in your tank,
you're part of the problem.
I was just out for a Sunday drive.
It's not like I was hurting anyone.
This message provided by the council on displacing the blade.
It's there for yes.
D-raceously different marijuana, delicious soup, dip.
I saw another one of the spots this weekend, by the way.
More they have all those young pocket heads and they're going on about,
oh I did, you know, two lines and I smoked a joint and I helped wipe out like a half the world
because I smoked a joint.
I thought that the Nancy Reagan just say,
no, I thought that was insipid and moronic and childish and embarrassing.
But you know something, that was like light years better than this.
Talk about trying to lay a guilt trip.
Oh that's right, you're subsidizing terror, the evil doersh.
Every time you light up one of them, damn pin joints, you're subsidizing the evil doersh.
You terrible people, you.
Anybody with a brain vying it?
No.
Believe in it?
No.
Kids vying it?
No.
Only me be vying it, but then they're smoking it.
What a crocka crap, man.
This country is just a more panor wicked price for being juvenile,
refusing to grow up and come into the 18th century at least.
Look at that phone, I thought we'd take some calls here today,
but it looks like they have no interest.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on EAT and T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Because once, you know, once I'm back there in Toronto on Friday,
Georgia be doing the show tomorrow I should put out and I'll be back on Friday in Toronto.
Thank God.
But once that starts, you may not be, I have this opportunity for quite some time,
so here's your opportunity to get in here.
Let us hear all about that Carolina Detroit game last night.
USA in Portugal, all you soccer fans don't call me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, no, don't call me without soccer.
Crap, I'll hang out up on you right away.
Go on here one word about it.
About Pele, about this.
Forget about it.
Take La Palota and stick it in your anus.
Not interested.
Bunch of crap, boring up and down at big long field.
Unlike I told you before, the only reason those soccer announcers have to go ballistic
when they finally score a goal, if they score one, is because to try to wake everybody out of their coma.
Oh, look something must have happened to you.
And you're not so, you're saying, oh, you know, going on for like about 30 minutes with that,
not even taking a breath.
To try to pretend there's something exciting going on.
Is there anything exciting going on?
No.
Oh, they're kicking a ball up and down a 7,000 foot to field there.
And kicking it out of bounds and sideways once in a while to actually kick a pass to their teammate.
But the other net.
In fact, I think that all the goals in soccer probably are fixed.
WQAM.
Yeah.
Okay, speak to me, please.
Speaking.
Oh, Neil, how are you?
Okay.
I just want to let you know I have a spy report.
Yeah.
O.J. Simpson is on the radio right now on an extraordinary fishing call.
Yeah.
He is on the radio talking about trying to find Hispanic women to date.
And I'm not joking.
I'm being fair honest with you.
Yeah.
I totally lost respect for that radio station right now.
Okay, good, Bob.
I'm glad to hear that.
Anybody buying that?
No.
No.
What station was it?
He said something I never heard of.
Oh, speaking of that, one Amador Rodriguez 82.
You know who that is?
No.
Well, was commentator on Spanish radio?
He's dead.
That's my dad's name, actually.
One Amador Rodriguez.
I'll tell you a political commentary for radio, for radio,
for radio, radio, who's to be a span five decades in Miami and Cuba, died in his sleep Tuesday
in his home in Westchester.
Amador 82 left his job as morning host of radio,
morning debate program in Caliente two years ago after suffering a stroke.
The microphone was his love.
Said daughter, Marie and Ella Amador, who also hosted program on radio,
that was his life.
After fleeing his native Cuba shortly after Fidel Castro took power in 1959, Amador
a prominent radio executive in politician on the island, became a fixture in the politically
influential and often tumultuous world of Spanish language pop shows.
The tumultuous world of Spanish language pop shows, and he's dead.
So I just let that pass that along in spite of that very dubious first call.
WQAM.
QAM.
Not there.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
Feel like Richard Dawson.
Not there.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Hello.
Speaking.
Oh, hey, sorry about that.
Oh, you people are man as slow as molasses.
God, what did I come back here for?
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
What?
What a game last night.
Yeah.
That was unbelievable.
It was pretty surprising to be honest with you because not a one that I think Detroit would blow them up,
but I thought they would play that real suffocating scouts style that Caroline likes to play.
But I thought that was a pretty interesting game.
Yeah, but you know it's amazing.
I didn't realize it till about what was it?
The third round that a playoff.
I noticed that they got some really good veteran players on that team with Ron Francis and Rob Brindemore.
And the goalie didn't he didn't the goalie used to play for the ducks.
No, he played for the sharks.
The sharks, okay.
Yeah.
I think he may have actually played for the ducks for like part of one season or a band that he went to Dallas.
He bounced around after it was with San Jose.
I knew it was one of those animals.
I wasn't sure.
He beat the Red Wings with San Jose 92 or 3, whatever.
When they upset the Detroit, he beat him.
Oh, wow.
I didn't realize.
Yeah.
But what a game.
Did you see like in the end of the third period when Brett Hall came screaming in down the side and he went to shoot it and he stoned him cold, right at the goal?
Yeah.
Like that was unbelievable.
Depended into overtime.
You know, when you look at the when you realize that Brett Hall is playing on the fourth line and that sometimes federal plays on the fourth line, it's scary.
It really is scary and the fact that Detroit lost that game is just quite a tribute to Carolina.
I know.
I hope they win.
I really do.
I'm rooting so hard for Carolina just because of that.
You know, it's the fifth of June.
Somebody tell him it's the middle of June already get it over with would be a good idea.
Well, it's like what they said on sports centers.
They said that it was going to sweep, but they didn't realize it could be the other way around.
Wouldn't that be would that be sweet?
Have a great day, pal.
All right.
Go go.
Go.
Yeah, look out for those heracles, man.
They're on the march.
Of course, keep in mind, Vancouver also won the first two in Detroit.
And then of course, just took the pipe.
So don't get all too excited.
Well, let's see.
We got the 23 hockey fans out there so far, which is about 11 ahead of soccer.
And 12 ahead of cock fights.
WQAM.
WQAM.
Maybe Garcuno.
WQAM.
And 12 ahead of.
Yeah.
I just wanted to talk to Neil.
How to question.
About what?
I want to talk to him about dolphins, man.
I know it's off season, but it's not.
WQAM.
Yes, good morning.
WQAM.
Yes, sir.
You know, if the ad council is going to use that tactic where if you light up yourself,
subsidizing the terrorists, legalize a damn thing, tax it, and use that to fund the war on terrorism.
Damn it, you know.
No, you don't understand where you are, sir.
With in America, where we just were too uptight about these things.
Where if you go to Europe, I'm sure you see every time in Amsterdam, you see these billboards where they're, you know, advertising something sexual.
And they don't get uptight over there because it's the human body.
I don't see any billboards in Amsterdam.
Now they mention it.
Really?
No.
Well, see, they're not, they're probably not market driven like we are down here.
We're sold by, by, by.
Oh, they're buying it.
Some of them are buying.
Some of them are gay and some of them are straight.
Well, I'm going to go buy some, pop right now, light up.
Go buy some.
Have a good time.
No, you don't see any billboards.
It's just on, I mean, that's one thing I don't miss is those big, ugly billboards, you know, defacing the landscape.
And you're not, when you're in the city, you're not inundated with the drugs or sex.
When you're in the middle of the city, of course, you have all the sex shops in the, you know, there's a whole lot of very kinky wild places.
The red light district.
And then of course, they're, I'm, zillion coffee shops all around the city, including that one very close by me where they deliver on motorcycles.
Yeah, that's true.
That's great.
They deliver on motorcycles.
That's paradise.
Two blocks from my house.
Of course, I can walk right on over.
But at any rate, they're all over the city.
But it's, it's very unostentations.
It's not like glitzy and like that.
Thought of what I'm saying.
So it's not a big deal is what I'm trying to say.
It's not a big deal other than for some of the silly tourists like the Brits who come over there and just, you know, act like a bunch of assholes because they've been so repressed and brought up like a bunch of pure tentacle or Victorian or whatever.
Idiots.
See, that's our problem is that we just can't, that we can't break the chain.
We like to think that we beat the Brits long time ago and then we bailed them out of a couple wars and all that, which is all true.
But the fact is we still can't break the umbilical cord.
At least the Canadians, even though they got the Queen on the currency, I mean, there is so much more progressive than we'll ever dream of being.
So at least they understand that they can't the rain in the shadow of the core or for majesty forever, even though they do like a Queen every now and end.
WQYM.
Yeah, that is the same guy.
Why can't you hang up on him?
That was very exciting one. In fact, two in a row.
Like I told you, your call suck.
Okay, folks?
56670560.560 on EAT and T and Verizon line.
Flight school hopefuls to be checked. We'll do that in a second.
And then we got all the stuff about the bishops' proposals and abuse allegations known file show from the Boston Globe.
I'll kinds of good stuff. The gaudy bust from the New York Post, you saw that didn't you?
No.
Oh yeah.
Got all kinds of amazing good stuff, but there are a lot of people out there insist they want to hear those phone calls.
And so we're here to please.
And we're searching for some real phone calls here to hand one or two.
Had the guy who was at least knew something about hockey, which was good.
Let's hear it for those Carolina Huracun's.
Okay, let's be fair.
They're doing it. They're shocking the world.
Of course, nobody cares about Carolina Huracun's, including the people in Raleigh.
But they're putting on a good, you know, good front running phone kind of a show.
A lot of people, including me, we kind of like made a parallel there between the year that the Panthers,
their third season in existence went to the Stanley Cup finals against Colorado.
But then we lost four straight in that.
Say.
But here you got Carolina, a team that nobody also cares about, including the people in their market.
And they go to the Stanley Cup finals against the champion D-Tread Redwings.
The phenomenal Redwings who won the Stanley Cup twice in last, what, six years, something like that.
And anyway, there they are.
And everybody expects you to just wipe them off right off the ice.
And they win the first game.
Pop and O Park is open for great live harness racing tonight and three nights a week.
Every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, first post time, 7.30 in a p.m.
There's free general parking, free clubhouse and grandstand admission every afternoon and night.
Pop and O Park offers the only nighttime horse racing action in all of Florida.
Here are the Thundering Hoves and Root Homo Winter from the outside track apron,
where you can nearly reach out and touch the horses or cheer for your favorite horse from the fifth floor sports bar.
This Saturday, June 5th, come watch and this Saturday is not June 5th, unless we're on a wrong date, you know what?
That's what it says in my copy here.
Nice going, Steve Wolf.
Somebody please buy Steve Wolf a counter this Saturday is the eighth.
I'm looking at my little wristwatch right now and there's a big calendar up on the wall over there
and it says that today is the fifth, today is Wednesday.
So this Saturday, June 8th, Steve, come watch and wage you run a Belmont Stakes from New York.
Can war emblem win a triple crown, I think so.
Advanced wage ring starts this Friday at noon.
Pop and O Park will have free Belmont Stakes, past performance pages and daily racing formal beyond sale on Friday.
Every Wednesday night like the night is done, night at Pop and O Park, you can get draft beer hot dogs, soda large press or low popcorn, just a bucket piece.
On Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays, Pop and O Park offers a special all you can eat buffet and the four floor players lounge,
soup, salad, tons of veggies, main entrees, to choose from and great desserts, all for one low price.
Be sure and get there early tonight before Fairfetch cleans it out.
Plus on Friday and Saturday, there's a carving station with turkey, ham, prem, ripork or flank steak as well.
Pop and O Park also offering your full card, silent casting every day, seven days a week starting at noon, with highlight harness and thoroughbred action.
Pop and O Park on Powerline to Block South Atlantic Boulevard, don't forget great live racing tonight, post time.
If it ain't students, it ain't a prize, Pride, baby.
When you watch your show on 560s on MQA, Miami for Lardale.
Floridians, dumb as dirt.
It's the video, too hot for TV.
Freeze, gone wild.
Find out what these wild men of the clock do when they loose in their collars.
It's wild, wild, wild.
See, Franciscans vigorously anointing their flock, not a Dominican's frallicking in an after-hours bingo bottleer.
It's all on Freeze Gone Wild.
Freeze Gone Wild is hot on the moon, as barely the legal seminary students barter rosary beaded at Marty Grah.
Tilt to light, order today.
Freeze Gone Wild.
Order now and receive the bonus video, seminary sluts, they're young, they're hot, and they're sharing a steamy sauna.
Operators are standing by, so order now.
To order Freeze Gone Wild, have your credit card handy and call 1-800-Altra board.
It may not be suitable for children over 15.
It's 10-0-1 at 560-WQM.
Happy Wednesday, too.
We got you managed.
One hanks up an ER or kill be a broadcasting live from Billmont.
At 3 o'clock.
Marlins on deck 630 to Marlins who beat their Phillies 5-0 last night up there in Filth and Alphea.
They'll be a planer again.
Give it a shot for game number 2, 705-NK after baseball, Joe and Mark overnight, 2-6 in the A.M.
That's Joe Costello who got very high marks.
In our point yesterday.
I suck after getting very bad marks.
152 votes out today's pool.
What are you most interested in?
Baseball, which figures?
We left out football for obvious reasons because what's even the point?
What a one in a landslide.
Baseball 44, I don't care about any of them, 39.
25.6%.
And I'm proud of this audience, by the way.
Not that I don't want people to be hockey fans, but I'm proud to see that.
Because the sports nerd thing on this radio station continues aggravating just the crap out of me.
It just makes me want to like duty all over myself.
I just can't deal with it.
I'm serious.
The sports nerd thing.
And all these things, just like that kid that calls it, he don't even know who the hell he's talking to or what station this is.
How about, well, can we get out of something?
What about the dolphins?
Screw the dolphins, okay pal?
Screw the dolphins. Call up a sports show.
This isn't some stupid goddamn sports show.
We got the, let's see, eight, sixteen hours a day of stupid sports shows on this station.
So if you want to talk about the dolphins, my suggestion you sir is do the right thing.
Call up one of those stupid talk shows when it talks sports.
5.6.705.60.505.60 on the AT&T.
Did I ever read a poll? No.
Baseball 44, I don't care about any of them, 39.
Hockey 30, soccer 15, cock fights 12, 12 for cock fights.
Oh right.
A lot of us come in from highly in sweet water already.
The British Monarchy 7 and women's basketball Ron Rothstein only 5.
Only 5 lesbians out there in radio land said, oh they like best women's backsipal.
The WNPA, how many years more years do you think that's going to be Ron? Maybe one?
Maybe one.
Maybe if Moe keeps pumping for his buddy Ron Rothstein, maybe one, they can get you know a few thousand people in every game.
Not lose too much.
WQAM.
Yes sir.
George?
No Neal.
Hey how you doing Neal?
Okay.
I'm uh, sub-lesher talking to you.
I got a little spy report.
I was listening to one of the Spanish stations unfortunately because there's nothing else in the radio.
Yeah is this going to be about O.J. Simpson that we already heard about?
Oh yeah.
Okay thank you.
5670560, so evidently it's true though huh?
Apparently O.J. he's making it around.
He wants some, you know he's tired of those blondes of those area and blondes for a spectra.
He's trolling for a spectra now O.J.
And he's pick ladies out there to want to like do them huh?
No.
Want to give O.J. the low price spread?
WQAM?
Hey George.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I just want to mention a book called Gospel of Shame written in 1993.
Yeah.
It's a book that documented all the positive Catholic churches having now and it was printed nine years ago.
Who's there to buy you know?
No I don't but I heard it on NPR earlier this morning and they were counting it on NPR.
But it's addicted with tapping now and it's like the smoking gun is coming out.
It's like the facts were known nine years ago and it's going to be around.
They were known a lot longer than that.
Okay thanks.
That book by Lietus not in temptation by Jason Buried.
I was a back in the 80s because I hit him on my show back when I was doing guests back in those boring days.
So these these things have been known for like decades but it's just that the church has been much more successful up till the Boston Globe.
There are the people are really deserve credit for for a for a break in his loose.
For breaking the story just to take a tear in the cap off of this whole oozing sore, the Boston Globe.
And of course the irony of that being of course Boston in this country anyways like the headquarters of the church.
Yep make no mistake about that having lived there for a couple years.
Boston is a own lock stock and bagels by the Catholic Church.
Who was the bishop that back then bishop cardinal cushing?
That was his name.
No related to Ron no relation to Ron Cushing who's a harness driver and Detroit.
But Cardinal Cushing and he was no cardinal law.
They had a big scandal with the parking garage instead of the altar boy scandal back then.
The big scandal was how the church owned the parking garages and they were like skimming off the top and they used to tow your car away.
If you like park there for 30 seconds longer then once towed my little Corvero way in Boston.
Those bastards.
And I come running out of the supermarket and I see the tow truck is like a you know about a tenth of a block up the street.
I ran like hell like car and I said hey you know what do I how much do I give you to get my car back.
I was like one minute in the store now you'll have to go downtown and give me the rest of our gather because it's a scam it costs me 70 bucks to get my car out.
Which the church was taking a little piece of the action at that time too.
Yeah they want their piece you know just like OJ everybody wants their piece.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and for Ryan's wireless line don't forget Georgia is going to be on tomorrow.
Whether you like it or not no Joe.
All on like I said Joe will be on tomorrow no George.
Well you wouldn't want me to sandbag and sabotage the Joe show it'll be George tomorrow maybe Joe it'll be somebody I'm up here and Friday I'll be back.
I'll be back and then of course that's Joe and George right after the Howard David basketball and soccer show.
John Mark WQ I am.
Yes sir.
I was looking for Neil.
You're looking for him while you're looking right at him it's not a pretty CEO.
You'll God one time no talk.
Yes sir.
And I'm loving the new thing and you're traveling around the world and doing the show from different places in Georgia.
I don't know if I like Joe but I love the whole thing.
Not a fun.
Don't like Joe too much.
Well I don't know I'm personally never had sex with him.
I'm not talking about his penis I'm talking about with you like him on the air or not.
I like George on the air I love you on the air obviously I'm glad you're taking calls again.
I like that you did for a while.
Variety is good man.
Yeah well to see I like doing the unsuspecting in other words if you're predictable and people know what you're going to do every single day that's it's boring.
So I like being unpredictable.
That would be boring just keep it up in any way you can and we love the show I speak for the world trust me.
Okay thanks for the suck job thank you.
It was a good one.
It was great.
Give me that towel George.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T we got 173 votes on that survey already.
Man something's going on here.
Like I said I lied I'll be here on Friday.
Now see I'm going to have to start lying to these people.
Psychologically there's something wrong with this crowd and it does make any difference where I'm doing the show.
So it sounds exactly the same.
The tone is the same.
I still can't get over those those faxes.
The tone of the show is terrible.
That was the first week I was doing a shot at Toronto and still taking calls at that point by the way.
Well the tone of the show is just terrible.
What does that mean?
What tone were they talking about?
The must be that tone.
Yeah.
Oh yeah my muscle tone is too good.
Wait till I get to Amsterdam.
I get to exercise my muscle a lot more.
No it's all that walking.
I'm telling you that's where it's at.
It's good for you that walking.
What do you what what happened just now?
It's that noise I heard this morning.
Something's vibrating in this room.
I didn't tell you that most said it right under your chair, whatever the device is.
Nine minutes after don't be stupid will ya?
Nine minutes after 10 at 560 WQF you're thinking of painting your home or business speaking of being stupid.
Don't do it.
Don't pay in protect your investment with liquid ceramic.
Liquid ceramic the technology board and NASA's space program is available right now here in South Florida.
Liquid ceramic is the most advanced exterior interior and roof coating available in the universe.
You too can have the same high tech ceramic technology that shields the space shuttle protecting your home or building.
And you'll never ever have to paint again.
You heard right.
Liquid ceramic is guaranteed for as long as you own your home or building.
So forget about repainting every few years because liquid ceramic won't fade and won't peel and it's got to be.
The state of the arcoding yields an R24 insulation equivalency which means it'll help you bring those electric bills down to.
Liquid ceramics available in over 1800 different colors.
Check out liquid ceramic today call 305-347-5122.
Liquid ceramics been manufactured in the soul for over 40 years and the good news for us is it's available now.
Right here in good old South Florida call 305-347-5122.
That's 305-347-5122 or visit them on the net at liquid ceramic.tv and when you call and be sure and tell them that old needle.
The big dog is back.
You'll miss your rules.
Battery nidis.
You'll see the lives of you.
QAM.
If there's a butt I smell it.
Now a one on one interview with Azia's born.
Azia has this television show changed.
I mean how's it going this camera's all over the house every time I try to do something like a lock and whoa.
There's a lot of me face.
I'm in the bathroom right I'm trying to go you can't poop but there's a camera right in your face can you.
Have you ever tried to poop with a camera in you.
I mean you can't do it you can't push because I can't push my head all blow up.
I'm not in my head anyway.
Every time I'm in there my wife Sharon comes in everybody's trying to talk to me.
I just want to be left alone.
Well I can understand that.
Just leave me alone.
How's the foot?
The foot is all fucked up.
I mean every time I move on I hear bonk making noise and cracking.
I mean I can't do anything.
I'm Azia's born.
What is it Kelly?
I'm doing it.
What do you want me to do about it Kelly you want me to say something to him?
Does he want me to say something to him?
Does he want me to say something to him?
Does he want me to say something to him?
Does he want me to say something to him?
Does he want me to say something to him?
Does he want me to say something to him?
Does he want me to say something to him?
Does he want me to say something to him?
Does he want me to say something to him?
Does he want me to say something to him?
What is this f***ing pet?
Wait a minute where's the dog?
F***ing you!
Where's the f***ing dog again?
He got out!
You know don't where your f***ing sister's panties.
You've got a f***ing cat went panties if you've got a f***ing cat.
What do you say Azia when people say you are the new workers?
I mean what do I say?
I mean I don't even know what to say.
You're asking me questions.
I've got my daughter Kelly bitchylin' moaning about him brother wearing a panties.
I mean what's the f***ing big deal if he wants to wear panties?
I mean why can't you just f***ing get over it already?
Did you ever wear a panties?
Enough already.
I mean I'm wearing panties right now.
I'm wearing Kelly's panties.
She doesn't even know.
We'll be right back.
Thank you.
1015 at 560 WQ.
Now what is this monglund?
Oh that's white out here.
Oh such as it is.
It's not like you snotted or something.
It's a generic white out.
Join George, Bokobrine and Miguel for Budweiser Happy Hour 5-7
this afternoon at Treasure Island North 120 Seconds Street on the east side of the Palmetto.
Now I have our usual QA and crappy prizes and Jeff Howe giving out free lap dances and whatever.
And he will prizes for anyone who survives that.
I see.
191 votes on our survey today on eorongers.com.
Which of these are you most interested in?
I don't care about any of them 51.
Baseball 50.
Hockey be having 41.
Soccer 21.
Cockfights 15.
The British Monarchy 8 and Women's Basketball this soul only 5.
Ron Rothstein's only got 5 shields that he can put on.
He's got 6 shields.
567.
0560.
Pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
See how I'm torn.
Because I really, you know, I'd like to take a few of these calls.
And also I got this still as hacking coffees.
By Friday when I'm back in T.O.
I should be rid of all of this, right?
See if I would have made it take like an expectorant.
I would have gotten rid of all the flamers sooner.
You would expect so.
Yeah.
But somewhere along the line I just, it just got lost in the shuffle.
It wasn't one of those priorities that I had.
Plus it's more fun having it.
WQAM.
Thank you.
WQAM, hello.
That was OG.
Oh, and that's another thing, by the way.
Why would he be calling on a Spanish language station?
You know what picket upon it?
I guess they must have been translating it.
No.
I don't buy it.
That would be QAM.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
A couple of weeks ago on the front page of the New York Times,
it said, a Vatican canon lawyer said,
don't go to the police on sexual abuse.
And don't tell a parish about a new priest record.
Do you hear about this?
Yeah.
Yeah.
You're right.
It's a dog and pony show.
They're going to say something and a Vatican's going to throw it out.
That is correct.
I'd say I'd go to the notice on ABC, an NBC, an NBC,
they had their talk shows and they were going crazy over it.
But CNN never ever mentioned it.
You picket, everybody go crazy on this thing.
Mahadduin, CNN never mentioned you are CNN like around the clock.
I went on their website and looking all over for this Vatican.
Yeah, but their website is very crappy.
They have a lot of really interesting stuff on early in the morning.
And I'll go to their website and I'll never be able to find it.
Even through the rest of the day, I'll look for the story and you can't find it on it.
They just have a crappy website.
Because that's what his Vatican can and thing would be huge.
Because Mark Shields worked for CNN.
He made it one of his outrage of the week that the Vatican's backing down from this.
Right.
Oh, one more thing.
You know who Gary Linn is from the People for American Way?
Yes, I do.
He was on crossfire last week.
He was talking about how these Christians are trying to get into public schools and science classes
that dinosaurs and people lived together.
When he said that, everybody just freaked out, but they just ignored him.
They do want that.
Well, there's nothing new about that.
They've been trying to do that for the last 30 years.
There's nothing new there.
Okay.
And in closing, now I can finally say this.
Go back to Canada, you do best.
Okay.
Thank you very much and I will.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
WQAM.
Hey, knew.
Yes, sir.
Hey, when did you get AIDS?
WQAM.
Yeah, I just moved down here and I just want to say for the hellhole and I don't understand
why anybody would want to live here.
Were you right?
Were you from Virginia?
Oh, well, you made a bad mistake, sir.
Are you unpacked yet?
Pretty much, but I'd like to get out of here soon as possible.
Well, good luck to you.
I'll be right behind you.
I'll have the flashlight.
I'll be right ahead of you.
5667-0560, pound 560 is a hellhole.
180 degrees in the shade.
And of course, with these calls, we've had a few.
You know, a few that actually had something to say.
But then we have a lot of morons out there including that's farce of the call
to a couple of calls back.
By the way, my name ain't Magic Johnson.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line, WQAM.
Hello, Lillian.
Yes?
I'd tell you, I loved that hockey game last night.
That was one of the most exciting things to see.
To see the Red Wings and all these freeloading phonies get on the bandwagon,
get whacked by Carolina.
What freeloading phonies you're talking about?
Those people, you know the people that jump on the bandwagon.
You mean front running phonies is the term you're looking for?
That's right.
It's like these people now that the US beat one of those countries in the World Cup,
all these people are soccer's the greatest.
Oh yeah, I heard that this morning on Mosho,
because it was a good cover up.
We're not talking about the hockey games.
So instead, bap bap bap bap bap bap and soccer.
Every year we hear the same thing about all the kids down here,
a little kids are playing soccer.
And you know something that's true.
But it doesn't translate into anything else.
No adults.
Nobody cares about soccer in this country unless they come from a country
where soccer is very big, which is not in North America, other than Mexico.
Does that have a shameless request?
Yes sir.
Gene Rayburn is blank, blank?
Oh, I don't know.
I mean, I like that, but it's just, I don't know.
I'm kind of like it.
Huh?
I like it.
It's for people like us who watch the game show channel.
Gene Rayburn is blank.
Blank.
Blank, you're that Gene Rayburn is blank.
Okay, that's good enough.
No, that wasn't enough.
He won a little taste of it.
And I don't want to play the whole thing.
Okay, you've got to have a feel for this.
I'm not going to play the whole goddamn thing.
How long is that?
A minute and a half?
Audience would be getting a coma.
They'd be gone by that point.
They'd be listening to the norm.
Can't show us picking a coma.
Oh, Norm told me last night he had this little prop man infected testicle.
He said it was the size of a baseball.
Size of a grapefruit.
Who do you think gave him that?
How do you get that?
No, I don't want to know.
An infection in his nut.
But they gave him antibiotics and luckily they went back to normal.
Not the size of a BB.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&C and Verizon line.
I'm not sure about this.
Taking these calls, you know.
Any ladies out there want to call and say hi.
This is my last day before I get out of here for four months.
Any women in this audience care enough to send their very best?
No.
Of course not.
Absolutely not.
You're not kidding me.
I know all about this phone crap.
I've been around a block a few times.
WQAM.
You sit down when you pee.
See?
There we are.
Same assholes.
WQAM.
QAM.
Hello.
Yes.
Me?
Yeah.
Welcome back, buddy.
Come on, I miss.
WQAM.
QAM, hello.
I'm going back to my articles, okay?
Because you people are a bunch of assholes.
Bishops' proposals are seen as starting point for debate.
A child protection plan proposed by the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops Park heated debate across the E.A. Church yesterday,
as Bishops' lay activist and scholar said they would push for changes when Bishops vote on a policy in Dallas next week.
The Bishops' draft charter for protection of children and young people was welcomed by many, who said the documents suggest,
that the Bishops finally appear ready to recognize the damage done over the last several decades,
two thousands of children by the minority of priests who have been sexually active.
Oh, this is in the Boston Herald, and of course they have to be politically correct, so they say,
the minority of priests who have been sexually abusive.
But two aspects of the Bishops' proposal proved controversial.
Their plan to allow priests to have committed only one of active abuse in the past to keep working for the Church,
and their decision not to suggest any action against bishops who have failed to remove abusive priests from ministry.
Let me say it again.
They're making a decision as opposed to the law.
Priest who have committed only one active abuse in the past can keep working for the Church,
as opposed not only from getting kicked out of the Church, but like go to jail, were they belong?
Who the hell are you, Bishops' kitten, baby?
Or scaling it back a little bit.
I believe and Bishops before I believe these bastards, okay?
Bishop William S. Claystead, of Spokane, vice president of the Bishops' conference, called the draft a good start,
but sent in a telephone interview that he would like to see the proposal toughened with a stronger apology on behalf of Bishops
and a stricter's zero tolerance policy.
Now we're talking pops.
The apology could be even stronger.
I think it does hurt for, it doesn't hurt for us to say that we need to ask for forgiveness, and that we may mistakes he'd be saying.
Spokane, skill-stead said he expects a debate in Dallas about zero tolerance policy.
The draft proposes that the Bishops seek to defrock any priest who sexually abuses a minor in the future,
but only those priests who have abused a minor more than once in the past.
So as we're looking in the past, you get one free past.
No free past is in the future, but depending on what you've done in your past and in your behind, one free past to molest a kid.
Our own practice in Spokane has been that we've taken the one-strecking your out-approach skill-stead said,
we need to be mindful that we're a forgiving church, a reconciling church, but, from my perspective,
given the level of anger and the high expectations that the lady have of priests,
what I'm hearing is that people are pretty strong about not allowing such a person back into the ministry, and you are absolutely correct sir.
Our Bishop Harry Flynn of St. Paul and Minneapolis, who chair the committee, that drafted the proposal,
defended his decision to give a second chance to some offenders.
Treatment in the par of Christian conversions made a difference in some cases Flynn said,
however, ministry that involves contact with children and young people will always be out of the question for abusive priests he'd be saying.
A prominent seminary rector who's been asked to address the bishops in Dallas next week said the bishops need to go much further in holding themselves accountable,
much much much much further he said.
Not covered here is the question of the bishops themselves, and in listening to a lot of Catholic laypeople last few weeks,
that is a particular sore point, said the Reverend Donald P. Senior, president of the Catholic Theological Union in Chicago.
I know another sore point too.
If it can be demonstrated that a bishop knowingly placed a priest who they knew was in danger with children,
that is a serious breach in the bishop of the unfit for pastoral leadership.
There is no restoration of trust until that is addressed.
And Anacose had a very great length, but it's like I said a dog and pony show, and it's like they're sticking their finger out the window to see which way the window is blowing,
and just how little they can get away with doing, you know, and see how the wind follow public opinion.
And needless to say there is an enormous gush of its gushed over here.
Squirt Squirt Public opinion that they, you're not kidding anybody.
Come on, just one time.
Yeah, this is just stretching around bullcrap, it's a pile of crap.
219 votes on our poll, which of these are you most interested in?
I don't care about any of them, 63.
Baseball 55, hockey 47, soccer 21, cock fights 20.
Oh!
British monarchy 8 and women's basketball only 5.
Nobody cares about dikeball, okay?
And we can get people on this station giving a big song and a dance and promoting it,
but hey, it's really great. Go out and see it.
Guess what, Ron Rothstein, you know, you're full of crap.
Nobody cares. It's a joke.
Here's something that's not a joke and that is a smelly, dirty carpet.
Not only is it look bad and smell bad, it's unhealthy too, because those germs and schmutz and everything is in there.
And your allergies get all kicked up.
In fact, a lot of people get allergies and they don't even realize it.
It's because their carpets are full of crap.
If you want to get the crap out of your carpets, do this smart thing.
Call my good friends like, oh, we always do, and dry concepts have been using them in my house for over 20 years.
Dry concepts dry clean your carpets the same way the folks dry clean your clothing.
It sucks out even the deepest down dirt and the fibers of your carpenter, which make them look just like brand new,
makes them stay cleaner longer and last longer as well.
Your carpets will be dry and smelly and fresh in just a couple of hours and you'll be ready to rock and roll again.
So instead of doing business with those shysters out there who will soak your carpets and leave you with a mess,
call our friends and dry concepts who not only do a stupendous job every time, but give you a written guaranteed price,
let me say to get a written guaranteed price before they even start doing the work.
Treat yourself and your carpets to a spring cleaning two day in Broward called,
dry concepts at 9 5 4 3 7 0 7 7 7 8 9 5 4 3 7 0 7 7 7 7 8 and date in Palm Beach called 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1
Clean today you can entertain tonight with dry.
I was gonna clean my room until I got hot.
I was gonna get up and find the broom but then I got hot.
I'm not a mom when I got you messed up and I know why.
Why man yeah, cuz I got hot, cuz I got hot, cuz I got hot, cuz I got hot,
come on, check it out.
I could have cheated and I could have passed, but I got hot,
cuz I got hot, cuz I got hot, cuz I got hot, cuz I got hot,
cuz I got hot, cuz I got hot, cuz I got hot, cuz I got hot, cuz I got hot,
cuz I got hot, cuz I got hot, cuz I got hot, cuz I got hot, cuz I got hot,
cuz I got hot, cuz I got hot, cuz I got hot, I was gonna make love to you,
I was gonna eat your pussy too, I was gonna get hot, cuz I got hot,
now I'm jagged up, I got hot, cuz I got hot, cuz I got hot,
cuz I messed up my entire life, cuz I got hot, cuz I got hot,
cuz I lost my keys, because I got hot, cuz I got hot,
now I'm sleeping on this sidewalk and I know why, why baby, cuz I got hot,
because I got hot, cuz I got hot, cuz I got hot,
I'm gonna stop singing this song, cuz I'm hot, cuz I'm hot,
I'm singing this whole thing wrong, cuz I'm hot,
bring it back, bring it back, ah, more, and if I don't sell one copy,
I'm the one, why am I here, cuz I'm hot, cuz I'm hot,
cuz I got hot, how are you chillin' on me, ah,
oh, ooh, if you're laughing at me, you should shoot me you are,
get ay, if ay if I live, you should shoot me you are, get yer kidding with me,
ten thirty forty forty fifty sixty W-Q-A-M.
now why do you put all these people on hold a special reasoner just uh...
oh just a thing
icy
maybe that changes anything i doubt it wqa m hello
and yes sir
and i think about it
george is a tough situation because it sounds to me like we're getting a
newtard version
these days because he's worried about getting blown out of it
what do you mean a newtard version
well he's not
she like you can't look at it on a lot of the going on the internal
it's so fun that we love to hear about yeah
you know we're on you get on air and you really you can trash muffle and you
can have fun with everybody else but it's just george is somewhat newt
can't really
do that without suffering the repercussion uh...
well that's because he's been his job is being held permanent hostage
and if he had some kind of like ironclad contract
you get away with it right right
uh...
so i'm not
you know you want to really get in there and let us know what's good
that is correct
yeah
when you're away
coming up to get
newtard towards the post to somebody really get in there and give us the
well for first of all and then you know the year
tell us what you're saying you think that the whole thing we talk about on this
radio show every day for four hours is whatever's going on here inside the
building which is kind of stupid you know
but it's the best
well i may be i wouldn't argue especially lately
and a lot of believe me you don't want to know have a great day sir whatever
you said your newtard Georgia's been noted
that could as balls on
maybe you can borrow on one of the part of norms inflated test
five six seven o five sixty
pound five sixty on a t and t and horizon wireless line
we got eight million votes on a survey two hundred and forty three and uh... i
don't care about any of these seventy five
there you go
wq a m
wq a m
yes sir
how's it going okay
hey can you play dirty raps on
can i play what
dirty raps on you got here
dirty raps on
yeah i don't know exactly the name of no chance get out of here there are not
doing requests here we're talking to people like a sub to say okay
these three days that i'm here in town i went way out of my way to open up
these phones like extend a hand a friendship to the south of our audience and
say okay
we've pretty much out of these phones last whatever it's been three four months
whatever and don very well with it by the way thank you the audience obviously
like that
but uh... the fact of the matter is here we are we get a bunch of uh... mugwams
call in here
with stupid request and the same old bunch of little spooks in the
specs
i mean what the hell we talking about
let's get some white people call them in the show
same old tired little game players all your back might have gone that guy that
kind needs to be he needs to be hit over the head with a baseball bat about
twenty times that we'd like to do a volunteer
that would be q a m
what you call the reiber
wq a m
new yes sir
i want you okay
i'm so sorry i'd the collective health
uh... i can't wait to get out of my cell i'm going up north and about two
and a half weeks that can't be to get out of here
but uh... anyway
i just want to say you know i love your show and i'm glad to hear you on the
air again
okay well he had nothing to say
see let me uh... again little effort and in case we ever do take calls again
after they which are kind of doubt for a while but
uh... little uh... instructive piece of information
and nobody's interested in that and hearing those kind of calls about i love
your show and uh... hope you have a wonderful life and i'm and i think that's
it's boring is what it is like this town it's boring which is why can't wait to
get out of here
boring terminal pondras
i don't like the tone of these calls okay
just like that last one
monotone was the tone
boring terminal
wq a m
now there's one of the better ones we've had so far there's nobody on
the
qa
what is it
yes
somebody here but i wasn't i was not that line
you know i have a good trip and all that and that uh... you'll be listening to your show
wild to the show and uh... with the forward to george and uh...
take care
and
and
who
uh...
who
don't forget you callers and ones who make our show
yeah i heard that on some of these shows that is one of my life my life or
crime that really sure wish
i'm ready to go to the beach
wq a m
new yes or
how you doing okay
but you have to do with your system by my thinking you think with them you know
think of your partner in that's it problem solved no
no
uh... you have a good trip right thanks is not a good idea that was a lot of
thank you very much i'm gonna have a good trip thank you but that's not a phone call i'm not
taking more calls for wild
why did you put these people on hold was that i was that could give them something to say
putting them on hold no i don't think so
i really don't think so this at least i mean i go away for a while few weeks and i come back
like something to change here they're going to have something to say no of course they're not
not gonna change
i made the right decision i i did the right and you'll notice by the way
not one single person is gone
all the same problem they're all still out there the raspberry guy they might have called
the uh... the uh... do you see when you sit down you sit down when you pee you pee on your
knee all the same assholes they're all still there
time jica
yeah that way that assholes till there too
uh...
ooo look at that orange orange
with little pealant no less
twenty one before eleven five sixty w q m tom lamens added again
it's how it's off the wall invoice all going on right now in fact i'm just
loves the son of my voice he sits down there in his office in hell it
and he keeps his hand on the radio
to get the vibrations of my voice when george is on the tix is handoff it right away
stop by how it potty at gmc right now take advantage of the off the wall invoice
sale one thirty four one
south xe highway u s one across the falls the same great location to be
treating people right making great deals for over thirty five years
the low-assail prices marked right on the invoice right now at hellot on all
two thousand two cars and trucks in stock choose one point nine percent financing
ruptu eight and or get yourself up to a thirty five hundred dollar rebate like i
just said
and while you're at halftop sure take a peak
at the complete line of the o gmc s uv's including the envoy voted by motor trend
as s uv of the year plus the all new vibe s uv that's got a power of a sports car
at a fructive price jess your hope i don't get out of here without seeing
bob isenberg
howl's also got a great selection of pre-owned cars trucks and s uv's to
if you've been turned on for credit by some other bogus car dealer
don't worry about it because they'll cut your deals some way somehow even if
time personally has to loan you the money at halftop
that's the off the wall invoice sale it's going on right now at halftop on a
gmc one thirty four oh one
south xe highway on u s one across the falls open every single day of your life
seven days a week
you can give them a call of three oh five two three eight forty forty
that's three oh five two three eight forty forty at halftop on a gmc
where they are
how are you even in steve goalie goldstein
when the morning from six to nine
i'm sports radio five sixty two
way and will cable and rate me
well congratulations get a life
this is a show day here it is me world
when the screening days meet the rest of the girls in the closet no more
that's what day day is for it's a day day after all
all right day of fun when we wear red shirts
and when we all come you can hear the squirts we can tickle and ease with our
manicure go tease it's a day after all
yeah get off this is the whole thing hands in adventure let them watch the
lies a manally marching band will make tourists straight with a kiss on the
cheek it's a day after all
we can wear tight shorts made of gold
mane and wear mask
a girl like billies ain't we can
mince away as we grand sense a shake it's a day after all
mgm will have a celebrity ball hosted by a
retailer and rule ball
only merman and rock not to mention people like hot it's a day after all
it's a day after all
it's a day after all
it's a day after all
it's a day after all
what's that you got hanging out of your shirt?
yeah all right
1046 at 560 wqm is George wife's the tears from the corners of his eyes or he hates you like poison man
not because you respect but because you're a backstabbing little a devious piece of crap
then amazing how some people just they live like on another planet they go through life and they're
like way off in another universe somewhere I don't want to suggest that you
mole but man you're just so totally out of touch
1046 at 560 wqm abuse allegations known file show this is all
so in the Boston Globe this morning
it says church documents released yesterday show the top officials of the Boston
Arts Dice he's had extensive knowledge of allegations of sexual misconduct by several
priests who were allowed to remain in active ministry despite complaints dating as far
back as the nineteen sixties
what was that you're killing people in the building good
and some of them are gay
the documents nearly a thousand and not only that but some of them are stupid
the documents nearly a thousand pages of personnel records turned over to the
family of an alleged victim of the Reverend Paul R. Shanley and her court order
provide evidence that Cardinal Bernard Aflaw was directly involved in the
re-assignment of two accused priest even though he said in the store a sworn
testimony last month that he customarily delegated those decisions as
abordinates in one case the documents released yesterday show law decided that
his own nineteen ninety three policy for dealing with priest accused of
sexual misconduct would not be applied retroactively to a popular Quincy Quincy
I'm sorry Quincy passed the accused of sexual misconduct whom law later
promoted to area vicar with oversight of nineteen parishes
in another law recommended publicly explaining the out of state transfer of a
priest accused of sexual misconduct by saying that he had no previous knowledge
of accusations against him a statement questioned by one of law's own bishops
the records which cover the careers of ten priest accused of sexual misconduct
also provide the first documentary evidence that the practice of moving
accused clergy from parish to parish dates to the late cardinal Richard Cushing
by psychic powers again George the late cardinal Richard Cushing who led the
arts diocese for a quarter of a century till 1971 and approved moving at
least two priest in a new parishes during the 1960s despite allegations of
sexual misconduct Rod McLeish Jr. the lawyer representing the family of Gregory
Ford who allegedly was musted by Shanley in the 80s said he asked for the
records on the ten priest to rebutt laws April assertion that Shanley's
continuing ministry during the 90s was attributable to inadequate record keeping
the fours are suing law containing that he was negligent in a supervision of
Shanley these records on these ten pre-show there were substantial record
keeping McLeish said he's also trying to show that laws actions in supervising
Shanley who was arrested last month and charges of raping a child are not
covered by the doctrine of charitable immunity which could limit the liability
of church officials on the arts diocese and clergy sexual abuse cases to 20
grand we're trying to show that there was a pattern of conductory but the
assertion of the arts diocese that they were at all times acting in
furtherance of charitable purpose McLeish said the charitable purpose of the
arts diocese is not furthered by putting admitted child molesters into parishes
particularly when parishioners aren't told law sworn deposition of the four
cases continuing today and fried in undisclosed location and an undisclosed
location how do you like that where he'll be safe yeah where he'll be safe I
hear it's Louise in the Bronx I hear it's Brigham's ice cream parlor right
over there in Kenmore Square McLeish's request for personal
right personal records cover the Reverend's wow goes on with a bunch of
names McLeish also said on Friday as the arts diocese to turn over personal
personal records and all priest known to have been accused of sexual misconduct
we now want all those records McLeish said adding that the request would
include the files of approximately 90 priests whose names were referred to
law enforcement authorities earlier this year by church officials responded
the clergy sex abuse questions that are up in January the Reverend Christopher
J. Coyne in arts diocesan spokesman said at a news conference that he had not
reviewed the documents on the 10 priests but he attempted to place the action
of church officials regarding those priests in historical context it's partly
protective culture of the church that was in existence at the time that sought
to not only protect children and their families but at the same time try to
protect the church try to protect the priesthood Coyne said right none of the
10 priest's records were released yesterday are assigned to parishes although one
Graham was pulled from active ministry only last February and allegations of
sex abuse against all all of them along with the council in some of their
alleged victims have been described in previous news accounts but the records
provide new details supporting those accounts and show that several of the
priests were allowed to work as parish priests even though top officials knew
they had been accused of sexual misconduct three of them allegedly went on a
less scores of other young people scores of other young people and in
FOMnia is what this is remember what they talked about in the Godfather about
letting drugs in where kids are in the neighborhood he said that's it in FOMnia
and that's exactly what this is a freaking infomnia mr. mr. and Mrs.
Catholic out there in the USA when you're gonna do something about it when you're
gonna stop subsidizing and perpetrating this this sick twisted thing and just like
Norm said when he woke up a few days ago there's nothing worse than having a
sick twisted infected thing that's right he said it was twisting it well by
the way it shows almost over there and if he anybody heard no no he said to
show sucks that's what he said it said to show sucks but he's making a good
money for it more power to him get him off our ass although George might have
to iron pretty soon I think you ought to like file a harassment suit against this
place sounds good to me and picked on and called all kinds of names stupid
treated like crap for all these weeks over over a bunch of silly like a grade
school crap that's the thing that bothers me about the shenanigans that have
been going on here about the last month it's all like a bunch of uh kindergarten
crap like kids in a sandbox goes to show that even when you get into your late
60s you still can't that sometimes uh although I have said and soft load is
living proof of it that sometimes people go through a second childhood they
refer it back to their childhood origins again that explains that diaper thing I
never understood right that's exactly right and the bag thing too so all you
people out there that are wondering what's going on in this radio station there
a lot of other people wondering the same thing and by the way there many people
running around a hallways here who aren't quite so stupid as some people think
that's right some people think that they're fooling those people in fact those
folks who think that they're fooling anybody probably do a better loud job
keeping their mouth shut keeping their pie hole shut because there are a lot of
people that like George and like me and like this program in this building as a
matter of fact most of them because they know that this is the god they meal
ticket for this radio station and if anybody thinks that I'm gonna be intimidated
and I made a bad mistake but of course Norma Kent should be partly responsible
for that for being such a pussy for putting up with that crap being talked into
like back and off there's no battle or feud going on on my part I'm just doing
the neoward your show that's all like I've always done and I will continue doing
that's just the way it is it's a radio show you explain that right to somebody's
face and they just they just aren't capable of understanding that now how did
you get me off on his tangent again man yes you did it because you're stupid right I
was just busy here talking about Catholic priest and cardinal law and cardinal
cushing and Miriam Tolen things like that Francis O'Hare that guy that called
yesterday with that fluid of edible stuff he does that every time every time
about like every four or five years every time I mentioned some harness name from
the past he calls them and and the one time he actually played the tape of me
talking about it remember that from the data boy you people out there that
save tapes from like when I was on a zid in years ago on different stations get
a life get a free while I forgot where you live I'm sorry that's probably the
highlight of the resistance that seemed to me 272 votes on our freaking poll today
man on neowardgers dot com which of these are you most interested in I don't
care about any of them 82 baseball 69 hockey 59 soccer 25 cock fights 23 the
British Monarchy 8 and women's basketball only six only six people on this
poll are willing to shield in a herniotic way for Ron Rothstein and that
dig crap that he puts out there pretending it's a form of basketball nobody
cares Ron nobody cares no matter how many free plugs you get on this radio
station the fact of the matter is trust me when I tell you so the law of
diminishing return I mean when you got all these sporting events you got like
4,000 and 5,000 and 7,000 people showing up I'll say this much for the panthers
and I can't say too much and that new building of ours out there four of the
five years we've been in there haven't even made the playoffs it's been an
embarrassment it's been humiliating it's been degrading but did we ever have
like four or five thousand people for a game in that joint did we ever even have
four or five thousand people in the old Miami arena no we did not ever ever
ever never it would be scandalous and of course if we ever did some people on
the station would go on here and say so nobody cares about hockey hockey sucks
that's what they would say but the fact of the matter is we usually have our
eleven twelve thirteen fifteen thousand people in there even for a crap team
like these last two seasons a crap team that a lot of people wouldn't go if you
paid them to go not because hockey's not a wonderful exciting sport but because
of the fact that product is crap the prices are very very high and the
ambiance and all that great either with a bunch of plastic assholes on their
cell phones but it's better that we still get our usual like thirteen fourteen
fifteen sixteen thousand people out there
as opposed to these other bogus so called see this whole base I totally
long time ago this would all come to a head I know my head mister let me tell
you right now it was all coming to a head like with the baseball strike that's
coming up in august you'll see that'll be it that'll be the end all these
jackasses making thirteen and fifteen and twenty and twenty five million dollars
a year who can never get enough always one in the crying guys who couldn't have
made the god damn Rochester red wings thirty years ago guys that are like one eighty
two hitters that are not making like a million and a half dollars a year for
going out there and scratching their jock straps who the hell are they kin and
keep juicing up those ticket prices and goose and up and begging for billus more
stadiums and build us this and do this you know poly crap public tired of it
they're burned out they rather grow smoke some dope a lot cheaper I'll tell you
that this that's George hook you up to something five six seven oh five I know
there's some people like to do or hook George up in fact old sparky up there
we're not doing much with that these days now that they you know kind of
outlaw that let's get old sparky up there I know somebody love to strap you in
and probably pull the switch could hook a generator up to an exercise cycle
excellent idea
he could probably use the exercise to ten fifty six at five sixty w q a.m.
hey here's a guy that exercises all the time and while he's on his bike
right now around he's got his little black sack from balance for life on the
sack to now
on the back pack Jeff Cohen at pizza loft pizza loft Jeff is the master when it
comes to put one over on the public I mean to give you a great delicious food
that's right he gives you big big portions everything is fresh and delicious
the way you love it the prices continue to be amazingly tiny at the pizza
loft which is why they're doing a land off his business every Monday at the
loft it's La Zanguna 2 days eggplant night by one of these dinners on these
nights you get the second dinner for only five bucks every Wednesday like
tonight it's kids night at the loft kids eat free with adults and they can see
Jeff's famous magician keep an eye on him by the way every Thursday is
bike night at the loft come on a motorcycle by one dinner get the second one
for a price they got the best garlic rolls in the world three different kinds
of great pizza all your Italian favorites chicken dishes and veal and seafood
calzone super subs and lots more no forget the brand new pizza loft out by me
in plantation sunrise and knob hill right there behind Walgreens hey hey Marcy
I'll see you later sweetheart I think I thought she said my prescriptions were
free this time didn't she say that no something like that anyway pizza loft
you'll find them on university drive between Griffin and five ninety five next
to Nova Southeastern Navy kitty quarter the Armadillo Cafe right behind
Pierwon imports and like I said the brand new one opening at the end of the
summer in plantation for take out delivery and catering call pizza loft at nine
five four nine one six eighty eight eighty nine five four nine one six eighty
eight eighty pizza loft not the fastest or the cheapest but
men chocolate chip ice cream
the meal Roger show on five sixty eight eight eight eight eight four learning
agriculture department scientists say they have made a major stride toward
developing an allergy free rubber
all right
uptown Paul is coming around let's go watch his plate
let's watch the crew so round town in spider-man down as we
yell
high
high
i'm so excited
pop so if you want his
plus and now don't go messing around can you wait to get down
look out now the boat is coming around
now the
kneel down
yeah good
when you get there better wary
down in Cuba thanks to that hairy everyone knows it's very scary
better say a Hail Mary when you come
bye
bye
hi to the big guy in the sky
oh the depth of blind the guy who lives on a catcher clips
hope you say as a mess
hey you
you
you
you
you
oh we're fine
he's saying hello and he's shaking hands with castrow
everyone knows about castrow
butcher grunt the asshole and they say
why
uh don't I think he should be swinging from a tide
well so when you get to Cuba now don't be stupid now
when you meet with a doubt tell that asshole
then it's going to help
you
then it's going to help
farewell
anomaly potray it's really it's been it to sunny why the hell that i come to Cuba
or who cut the cheese it's 11.04 at 5.60 wqm summon and did he say that the
pope would don't be stupid something like that is what i heard
well too late and this guy at this old old frail creature he's like
slumping around he can't even keep his head up he's like a breath away from
death at any moment and this a lot of the same stupid ignorant people out
there a lot of the same stupid people
brainwashed masses continue uh you know kissing his asses man who's living in
a stony and then let me stand again to people and they like hey baffongola baby
you know they don't bother with him he's not fooling them for one second
although he does manage doing a great job of repressing them but that's because
he's got the inside with the carbonyry probably his console
yiri from the Vatican is uh in charge of that anyway
oh and this is very important thing now i know you didn't like the story i did
about the broccoli because you don't like broccoli and i almost choke on some
broccoli the very next day see well i don't think i'll be choking on full
like acid tomorrow but i could because they do take it every day
if the pill's big enough it's not by the way if you want to get some good
folic acid sundown makes a great product called high folic uh that's got
folic acid would plus all the b vitamins in the right balance that's great for
getting your homo level down homo cysteine and more and more smart doctors now
not dumb not dumb doctors not brainwash cardiologist who are obsessed with
your cholesterol but more more smart doctors just like doctor McCulley uh
whatever his name was called in whatever
now seriously remember that he was the one to turn me out of that whole homo
cysteine thing that's the important thing as far as an indicator of heart disease
etc your homo level what do you what are you taking in there right now
let me go as vitamins i steal them yeah but what are they like a multi
multi vitamin and also vitamin C uh forget about vitamin C well what's what's uh
in it i'm everything it's a one a day
but i'm going to day is not what i'm talking about you're such a schmuck you know
i'm beginning to think that most got a point you're a little stupid you know
how many milligrams of what it's got how many micrograms of folic acid it won't have
milligrams how much 400 that's not bad and in what how many at the top it says each so many tablets
contain all of the following one tablet two how many one tablet really that's not bad
and it's got the b's in there like b3 and b6 and b12 show enough there you go
well that can't be too bad anyway the reason i'm passing this along i'm begging to listen to
this even though you don't want to because you might choke on your broccoli cbs news reports
over the last 10 years folic acid has developed the reputation of something of a wonder vitamin
a simple way to prevent devastating birth defects how off under you in a position of being
able to say take this simple vitamin and this horrible birth defect will largely go away
say dr. Nancy green medical director of the march of dimes but reports cbs news correspondent
Elizabeth Kellan the organization that devotes itself to delivering healthy babies is delivering
disturbing news about folic acid the majority of american women who should be taking it are not
only about a third of women of child-bearing age take folic acid before their pregnancy green
folic acid is a b vitamin that's crucial for healthy development of the brain in spine
rectum taken before becoming pregnant just 400 micrograms today can reduce birth defects known as
neural tube defects by 70 percent so when george has his next baby now if he keeps popping at
folic acid he won't have to worry about any possible birth defects folic acid he said next time
he's going to have his own because of somebody to building told me to go
himself folic acid occurs naturally in fruits and leafy green vegetables the government even puts
it in breakfast cereals and breads but experts say that's not enough and that all women interested
in having children even in the future should be taking a folic acid supplement many women don't
and not only this it's not just a thing for women trust me when i tell you it's extremely important
for every human being to get a lot of folic acid in your system because it keeps that homocysteine
level down and homocysteine you find in meat if you're vegetarian probably don't eat as much i
don't know because if you're vegetarian you're eating more fruits and leafy green leafy vegetables
presumably and choking on your broccoli but if you eat a lot of meat put a lot of meat in your
mouth like some of the rest of us you need that folic acid get that homo level down the first time
i had that homocysteine test with this is my level of 16 not good a little bit too high not not
terrible but not good what's it supposed to be under 10 ah and last time i had to think it was like
eight got it down as far as six perfect ideal from what i read in dr. McCulley cullkin
Michael Jackson's book was like i don't know five or six would be the lowest but like six or eight
or like is great six or eight is great folic acid let me say again sundown makes folic high folic
see is this fax machine broken or not because i noticed that i went on before it it said because i
printed stuff out on there but i'm talking about the line i don't think any faxes came over on
that today it shouldn't be out because it said um error something i i don't know what does it say
now it says ready okay then it's working says ready when you are maybe they just have nothing to
apply because i know it's on the phone they should write nothing to say you know i could go into
a long thing in fact when i come back from the break i'm just going to mention a few more things
that really frost my ass about phone calls over the years on this show people that think is really
an interesting phone call to a talk show at least to this one that are not like those
vagus people for example oh the pain nine minutes after eleven at five sixty wqm we got the mad
dog gym manager one we got hank from the bell mod in eorka three pregame some marlin on
decades six thirty marlins at the fillies seven oh five any k after marlin's baseball joe and
mark the dirty boys the dirty goyam well one of many way overnight two to six in the morning
the weather starting to get really unbelievably hot again summer storms and the possibility of
hurricanes follows soon so get yourself prepared for a major storm which this year they say more
are coming than usual and discover what thousands of people done to protect their homes call all
weather systems all weather systems has been in business for over fifteen years in the race state
license FEMA project impact contractor all weather systems carries the new state of the art
shuttle is impact resistant windows and french doors to no one's slightly rugby shutters to run
look at your home and the convenience of not even have to put up heavy flywater storm panels at all
all weather systems offers a hundred percent on secured bank financing with no payments for
ninety days and payments as low as just sixty nine bucks a month the impact resistant windows
and french doors have insulated glass which saves you energy reduces outside noises and the
non breakable glass helps keep out criminals and burglars as well all weather systems also
manufacture a full line of accordion style shutters electric roll ups and hurricane panels too
give all weather systems a call two days savior self the headache of putting up shutters protect
your family from storms and crime and keep your house looking beautiful and energy efficient at
the same time call all weather systems toll free one eight hundred seven two eight fifty one twenty
six that's one eight hundred seven two eight fifty one twenty six they provide home protection
of the highest quality with service reliability and professionalism second to nobody know where call all
weather two day and please tell me that Neil told you to call all weather systems toll free it's one
eight hundred seven they and say no I put in my pants
and that's it is one of sports radio five sixty two eight
any trucker did he cock it
don't like all the hard burn
don't go go go go every time I see
duck treat
the net
with
Oh what I did to go both on spot and get to wheel all voted for
Oh what if you want this?
Don't love this drum and stupid teeth
Don't love this drum and rich kid
Don't love this even, number them me
He's president of the ****
Yeah don't care what it took
You got a man by hook or cross with a christian
Right, no what's best you will die
But have no fear
We've got a great leader here
With president dumps
****
President dumps
President dumps
****
You just did what?
Just a dick with it?
Maybe our facts machines are gonna work now
I guess that is the facts, okay?
So that is some cryptic note or something
305-650-198
See I'm sitting here, I just have a feel of it
I'm not even looking at it and I can feel it
That facts machine
Can you feel it?
No
So we took our full acid during the break and feel a hell of a lot better right now
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line
But I don't like giving these numbers out
You know because then we might actually get some calls
W-Q-A-M
Yeah, hi Neil
Yes sir, welcome back
Listen I heard you a couple days ago mentioned rock radio in the old like 20-year-old K102 and she
Yeah
I thought that was pretty cool that people remember after all those years
Did you know that she is actually an internet station on the internet local
At she's only rock and roll dot com?
No I did not know that
Yeah and it's a really cool
Oh there's a facts coming over the machine
Oh I'm sorry go ahead I got excited
That's funny
By the way George does an excellent job when you're not around
He's okay
Yeah he fills the time that's for sure
Yeah he kills us in 4 hours of it
He's kind of stupid but other than that he's alright
Can I just ask you I used to listen to you years ago
What ever happened to Glen Hill?
Dead
Oh my gosh
Well I mean you know I could beat around a portion and give a big build up but he died
A couple years ago
Sorry to hear that
We are too
Yeah alright well thanks Neil and Brian and you ready to hear your live in local
Thanks a lot okay
Live in local what does that mean?
And guess what by the way I'm not in the South Florida I'm in Toronto
How do you like that all you schmucks out there?
Oh lie and the Eels here and now that's why I'll be at the track tonight
They'll see
But I mean what difference does it make it just live in local
Here's a facts look at that
And it says
Where the F is the justice department
The can there's a good close friend here Ken Maulden
Who just brought us in a bulletinar it says where we can all go home now
Thank you Ken
What does it say?
It's a fact apparently when they couldn't get through on that one they sent it together
I see well thank you Ken there's a great gentleman and a scholar Ken Maulden
I remember those good old days at the Bisquind Kennel Club man
Those were the days Ken he knows it and I know it
When we had some white people in this town
Where the F is the justice department with this Catholic churchman
It says I tune in the norm can show when you played
Because I got high he was talking about you and Howard David
Please don't take calls as Chris
He was talking about me and Howard David
Who?
That's totally inappropriate my attorney is on the air talking about me and Howard David
Absolutely inappropriate
Get your own material normally doing one stick in our day you jackass you faggot
You silly person you you kike you mucky bastard
What's wrong with you anyway man?
I hope your guy damn testicle swells up again just for a few minutes just to get you nervous
God talking about me and Moa Howard that's kind of stupid if you ask me
I think the facts machine probably knew we were going to get a facts about norma can't
Thanks Chris
Let's see ask to help priest allegedly abused
Oh we already had this one already had that sir thank you a long time ago
Oh you we've been all over this thing like stick on Moa
Make no mistake about that
There I see I don't know I see you looking
You're telling believe me it's not going to last
It's not like this is going to be some kind of a you notice how quick I broke the habit up there
It didn't ever want to give the phone number again and you know unless I was ready to
317 votes on our survey today
Which of these are you which of these are you most interested in?
None of them don't care about any of 93
Baseball 83 hockey 69 soccer 29 cock fights 27 the British monarchy 10
And women's backs of ball L. Soil 6 say
Very weak
Very very weak and when people come on this radio station they start promoting things
You just raise one eyebrow and say hey I wonder what that lets all about huh
Well you know people like to promote crap for their buddies
Just the way things work in the world you know you smear my hand and I'll smear you smear a smear on you
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon
I might take some calls of the christmas mommy to I don't know
Kind of a perverse way I'm enjoying it a little bit you know
Did just just a little taste of it like being back in town for a few days
Don't want to overdo it and April I came back for five days
Two of those of course a weekend Saturday Sunday and then Monday through Wednesday
And here in June I'm doing again won't be doing that again till October
Because once I get back here in October I'm going to be here a long time
See that's a smart way to do it
November December January February anybody want to be like in that horrible weather
And of course nobody wants to be here in June July and August in most of September either do they
When it's 114 degrees in the shade
And you'll notice we're already getting a real good start on that
Oh yeah
Now get back to what I promised I was going to say a little instruction for in case we ever decide to take calls again after this moment
One of the things that really well many of the things but first of all my dog does one thing right
Well he does many things right but when he says every day as far as the calls
Because he doesn't do guests he does strictly calls
Have a point get to it
And that's right of course they don't but nevertheless but he tries to get into it
That's his philosophy and that's exactly what it's all about when you call him talk show
Have a point get to it what are you calling for what do you want to say
Not oh gee you know have a wonderful trip and I really enjoyed you for last one
That's great that's boring is what it is I mean you know it's it's just ass-looking it's boring
I mean George thinks ass-looking is something other than boring but I want to get into that I'll save that for tomorrow for him
Facts is coming in baby yeah look at that and then the other thing that business about and it's only an example
Only an example but it's such a sad commentary on what a horse ball town this is
People are calling me up over to you is how if I had a thousand dollars for whenever I called about Vegas
I could retire I could go to Vegas and have a great time anyway
Oh yeah you were so right we took your advice and went to Vegas and had a great time
Wow wow you know what that is stupid right like it took Neil Rogers to tell somebody that Vegas is a swing in place and a great time can be head by all
See that's the problem when you live in such a parochial place where you have a bunch of retards who don't go anywhere
Anybody I would say over the age of 21 who makes a few bucks now like you've been out there when you go to the MGM grand for example
Are you never been the MGM grand heavier we stayed there the one trip
Oh that's right the second time took us two days to get out of there when you go to the MGM grand you see all these living and breathing people
Like from I would say the age of 21 to 110 I mean there may be some people under 21 but they outlet them worry about checking ideas as far as gambling
But the fact of the matter is that anybody over the age of 21 who isn't like working for like a buck 50 an hour that's what I'm talking about
A lot of people are 21 they're already married or they got a girlfriend or a boyfriend whatever they got and they go out there and they have a great time
There's nothing revealing about that there's nothing revolutionary about that and then to come back and say oh you were right we went out there and stayed at the EO
And of course I always get sucked in there we're just stay always stayed at the EO and it was really great oh good
That's boring it's crap
You know I only got these last the 75 years on that contract I'm not gonna like waste my time with a bunch of boring calls like that
Or what's a good hotel in Amsterdam Neil how about the you know one with rooms in a bath would be good you know
Four walls in a bath would be excellent a bed you couldn't hurt either
Or maybe hang out on one of those youth hostels bring your sleeping bag
You know kind of an extra large one that'll fill a couple of extra people in it and the hang out of the youth hostel
They have communal showers and those things don't they I would assume so if they have any yeah
And by the way speaking of that youth hostel is okay but South Florida hostel is not okay they're spelled differently
So when you go there leave your hostel attitude in town and they'll cut the crap
Oh yeah where's a good place to stay in Vegas where's a good McDonald's out there
Do you ever eat it that crap burger what's the name of that place is it what a burger you got me I don't even know what the name I don't call it tell me
Okay I don't want to know because I'm never gonna go there anyway I don't call it a burger joints
I mother made her a millies famous ground brown yesterday for lunch and within a matter of moments I was in there making a brown
That's right that was my going away meal before October millies brown brown brown
Told me the same stories that she's told me eight million times already but you know she means well she just came help herself nice doctor mom
I don't you know before I leave I think I should give the name of that place on the ear
To think that they sent me over that not because I'm such a big shot but just you know just like an ordinary human being
Although like you said I had a kind of a crappy shirt on yesterday but I didn't wear that shirt that day
How about this shirt okay still send you to the free clinic
Yeah how about what you're wearing at a QAM t-shirt they would even stay wouldn't even let you win the free clinic when I t-shirt on they know that he works for QAM
Well oh look at this here's the little tiny handwriting and guess what not gonna waste our time
That's what Ken brought right in the circular file sent it to both facts machines by the way right in the circular file he's Peter now I saw at the bottom of the page
Yeah Peter Jerry Steve blow out your ass schmuck stop picking on your co-workers yeah pick on this go pick your nose puts
Poin is amazing the same little scrawling handwriting with instructions of how to do the show and what to say and what to do and what blow it out your ass schmuck
I think I just said that didn't I good 26 after 11 at 560 WQAM hey let me tell you if you want to look as good as the beast and he got on the scale this morning 254
Oh he started this thing let me take a look
Oh crap oh see this
I started this thing with 284 I know that was the number right on 315 on 315 so that's March 15th April May so it's 2 1 1 1 2 he's lost 30 pounds
Nice go on beast though and he's even got like a shiny balls button are you notice that his head is gotten shiny
He's looking like he got some sun pink and healthy now he said it was pink he hasn't found it yet but he thinks it's pink
Anyway if you want to lose the way to like the beast is doing like oh and you know something I'm not going to be here long enough to lose weight on it but they were very kind of me in the balance for life people
They brought the little black sack right to the house last night and the night before it said her and so on
And there's really good stuff in here what was the one thing I had that was out of the oh last night I had eggful young with ham and the spinach
They make really good eggful y'all
Oh my god you just pop it at the thing in a microwave and keep in mind no frozen food you don't have to go out and buy any foods
Because every day they bring in your little black sack by six o'clock in the morning in that sack are three delicious homo only balanced gourmet meals
Two delicious snacks even a 60 knots bottle water and this is the intelligent way to lose weight because like I said you don't have to count calories or carbs or do any shopping at all
The balance for life people bring it right to your door it's all based on the principles of the zone by dr. Barry Sirius
And like I always tell you it's a complicated diet to figure out but they do all the figuring for you all they do is prepare the delicious food and you just eat it pop it in your purse
They even let you choose between two alternatives for each meal at your own a program every day so getting shape for summer starting right now call balance for life and lose weight
The delicious easy way call this number nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine
Or check out their website at www.balanceforlife.com
I give you my personal guarantee if you stick with the program you look even
US one in pepper grotto now
I'm starting at three today on sports 20 or five sixty two a.m.
Well, Chamberlain rape me I'm taking the pill or to try cycling me too
Then you know when you take it correctly it's over 99% effective so there's no worry about getting pregnant that's a relief
Mary what's with your voice it's kind of deep I don't know just recently ever since I started taking the pill
Is that an Adam's apple?
Either that or I got goiter and believe me I kind of hope it's goiter
What is that a mustache?
Oh no and I just shaved it five minutes ago
What are you up for again?
Sasquatch?
No I'm French.
What's with that buttons in your pants?
I have no idea but it's easier to pee.
What's with the passage?
What do you have eighteen nuts in there?
You know you're just trying to hurt my feelings.
I'm still sensitive you're hor-
Bitch!
Thank you.
1132 at five sixty WQM how the hell did that come up on there?
Is that the wrong disc and the wrong thing?
I think.
I don't know it wasn't what you meant to play.
Not at all not even call it in fact this is number 23 and it's supposed to be disc 18
Wow how do you like that?
Apologize for being really stupid.
Oh I guess that was okay.
It had a small nose.
It was fine.
Wrong disc though sorry folks.
She had to tell him that I could lie and said when I sure was great wasn't it?
But it was not what I wanted.
1132 at five sixty WQM we got the mad dog.
Jim Mandage coming up at one o'clock.
This is mildly interesting.
It's certainly not as interesting as hey we had a good time in Vegas.
I'm serious you people got to go somewhere.
Go somewhere.
Rob a bank do you know go uh print up some phony money like what's his name's kid?
Who was that?
Oh that was our new mayor in Miami.
Right.
What tells his name?
But you ought to know he's one of your people.
I don't live in Miami.
Many Diaz.
No yeah I guess.
Well what do you mean you guess?
I forgot all of it.
It was his son that was printing counterfeit money and he said oh well he didn't mean nothing by you know.
All those names you know Diaz.
Hey listen when your mayor of a city that's got a bad budget shortfall and you're like to grasp it around to find a couple of nickels to rub together.
It's good to have a kid that knows how to print up some good looking funny money.
Cameron detects what he does on speaking of that.
Finding a fugitive or detecting the potential for a fire in Davy Florida will become easier thanks to three thermal imaging cameras recently acquired by the police department in Davy.
The cameras from Rathion company are mounted directly above the lights on police cruisers inside the cars of 5.1 inch flat screen for viewing.
A joystick is located next to the screen enabling the officer to move the camera 360 degrees around as well as an up and down motion said Lieutenant Gary Killam of the Davy Police Department.
Killam said the one patrol car began using a camera starting June 3rd which sounds like Monday, two days ago, with the other two hitting the road shortly thereafter.
The cost is about 7 grand per unit and the police department funded the purchase of the three cameras with help from a law enforcement block grant of about 21 grand.
The thermal cameras detect the infrared energy that all objects emit and can see things just as well during the day or night.
Just not kind of like Clark Kent.
You know something? You didn't miss that last night did you?
Very upset.
It was pretty good.
Was it? Which one?
Which one?
Invisible man, invisible woman, whatever it was.
Somebody found some goop you put it on you it turns you invisible.
Really?
Well I know I like to see the end of that.
Something happened and I didn't see the ending.
I forgot all about it. I was in Berlin at hockey game last night and I forgot all about it.
Anyway such a tool is many law enforcement and safety uses in Davy a rural community within the four lot of what paper is this in?
It's obviously not local.
It's who knows?
FCW.com
It says for instance the Canadian police officers and finding people who are hiding or blocked from view in foliage
and officers also can use the camera and high speed pursuits at night because they are generated by the vehicle's engine.
The camera also can detect potential hot spots where a fire could start thus preventing a catastrophe and a catastrophe stroke.
The camera will pick up images that the naked eye cannot see kill them sent.
For instance if a man were to be hiding in the bushes and the camera is directed toward his body,
the camera would pick up the image and project a glow on the screen due to the heat generated from his body.
It didn't see a smile that last night and I'm very upset about it.
Oh it was a pretty good hockey game.
The not-stab till 430 this morning to watch the USB Portugal in the Asakur game because I don't care about it.
I don't care which country is playing, I don't give a crap, it's boring, it's terminal and I'm not going to get sucked up in all of that hype.
Just like to me it's exactly the same as that garbage about the you know the figure skating in the Olympics.
Same thing. There isn't one person in this audience who's got their head on stream, whatever watch figure skating and yet when the Olympics was on,
oh my gosh did you see this thing got ripped off and the Russian guys got you know.
Stop being so malleable, stop being such a wimp, stop being such a bunch of lemmings of nebishes being let around by the nose,
whatever the government, whatever the media tells you you're supposed to get all excited about,
you get all whipped up to a frenzy about it. Stop already enough.
Look at that, now one call ringing on the board now we're getting asked.
Thank you very much, I appreciate that.
345 votes on the pool, which of these do you uh, five hour you most interested?
Did we have one woman called today? No. No, did not have one woman.
Is that sad or what? I'm going away until October the about the 14th or whatever October.
Not that I won't be on air but I won't be here.
And there's not one woman in this audience who cares enough to send her very even her media ochreist forget about her very best, her very breast.
That's that's that's the same. No change, same old crap.
Disgusting, nauseating, cold, hateful, hostile. WQAM.
Hi, I was wondering if anybody called in yesterday when Neil was talking about the mob boss that used to walk around town on his robe.
No, they never got told us who it was. I know that is. I was wondering if Neil still wanted to know what's his name.
Vincent Giganti, his nickname was the chin. Vinny the chin. Vinny the chin Giganti.
And he was just putting jail a couple years ago.
Yeah, something on A&E about that.
Yeah, he's like the last of the old school bosses to get put away.
Okay, thanks a lot, pal. Vinny the chin. Yeah, I saw that just done with a Bill Curtis, which I used to like Bill Curtis until he became such a legend as a mind.
If you know what I mean, what's Fat Boy doing there? Is that Fat Boy saw wandering over there in the corner?
Who's like a propping himself up against the wall?
5, 6, 7. Oh, that's right. Fat Boy is getting ready for the big appearance at the happy hour at the Treasure Island 5-7 this afternoon with George and the Book of Brian and McGill.
Treasure Island north of 122nd Street on the east side of the Pomegranate.
They have our usual QAIM crappy prizes because we got no budgeting way of thing good.
And Jeff will be giving out free lap dances it says. He'll like to do a little spin on his cane.
Huh, little airplane spin on the old cane sounds interesting to me, which is the most dangerous weapon he's got, believe me.
21 till noon at 5.60 W to QAM. Don't forget to go to Treasure Island this afternoon. You might get lucky or...
Okay, maybe Book of Brian will like to wear his nice hair piece that he's got.
Even though we have crappy prizes occasionally like the Budweiser people or Treasure Island themselves comes up with some t-shirts when they can.
Yeah, so it's always worth it.
Well, I tell you one thing. Once we got our fax machine working or the fax is starting pouring into a point where it's almost enough to drive you nuts.
When you shop for quality footwear selection and professional service are important everybody with feet.
But the bottom line of course is price. That's what separates the men from the Goyom.
At Brandy shoes you'll find the biggest selection of men's and women's shoes the best service anywhere in town and the best prices in the universe period.
Top quality names were not where we're talking about like rock ports, S.A.S., Spirit, Timberland, Naturalizer and lots more.
And with their big fat selection chances are you're never going to hear, sorry we don't have that style in your size.
They'll pitch up with exactly what you're looking for right there on the spot.
And you'll find Brandy's at 1290 North Federal Highway in Poppano Beach. They're open daily 9 to 9 Sundays 10 to 5.
So when it comes to selection and price this is the place you want to be fitting up your feet.
And all this weekend Brandy's is at the right tag. Yes it is. It's a stir-fried clearance sale going on right now as I speak.
Great savings and all famous brands look for the red labels only this...
This is complex. The hammer. The hammer. It gains a free on sports radio 560s. You A.M.
That's the honey tune.
Oh yeah.
Always good to see Jeff Hont.
Hey, it's dog. That man gets his dog.
Take your clothes off, she insists.
I'm gonna hold it down like a tuna face.
Picking up a big roll of his fat.
You know, only by the spread, will get you tail wearer time.
And dog.
And dog.
And dog.
Work, work.
And get his dog.
Those are the kind of little big fat guys.
Cheen or out of the make of old men's fries.
That man changed to the shouting out.
We need to skate like on the tower.
And dog.
And dog.
And dog.
That man gets his dog.
Oh.
Yeah.
1145 at 560 WQAM.
Here's the facts from Richard and Carl Springs.
It says it took me all these years to realize that you are absolutely correct.
When you see that people in South Florida absolutely no clue or care about hockey.
Well, they must care a little bit because 76 out of our 100 out of 352, what percent is that?
21.5%.
So they care about it, they just don't understand it.
As an e-treender who's proud of the fact that he grew up in hockey town with the red wings,
I have been a seasoned ticket order with the Panthers for years.
Not only do people not know what's going on in games, but I'm flustered and finally frustrated trying to talk to neighbors co-workers and the like about hockey itself.
Here we are in a Stanley Cup finals and it's sad not to be able to discuss the wings or the NHL with anyone.
The NHL appears not to even be a factor here and you are absolutely correct sir.
There's no excuse for the retards here when it comes to lack of knowledge on anything in sports,
other than to know which Cuban ball players have defected to the US.
Is that difficult for people to support sports in this fly by night town?
Hockey's perhaps the single most wonderful sport in the world, but these people are seemingly wouldn't know hockey from their collective but holes.
It's a see this guy's extra upset because his team got the beat last night.
Sorry about that, the dick.
You know, I'm not for Caroline anyway. I'm kind of neutral.
Hey, Carolina.
After they squeaked by my leaps with some greasy winds in there and over time, not too happy about that.
It's a sad commentary on South Florida when people are so ignorant not to care about anything else other than what's happening in Cuba or how to make up noxious remarks to anyone others who disagree with them.
God, how I hate it here.
I do profusely apologize to you for not believing in you sooner, right? Richard and Coral Springs.
Well, there you go Richard. Get on a bus and get out of here baby. It's all I can tell you.
This place blows. It's the end of the universe. It's the anus. You can smell it.
You can actually open up your window and smell it.
Smell a creeping death. But have a nice weekend in paradise everybody.
Oh God. Why does he say that stupid?
Oh.
Let's see Todd and Holly would fax us me about the honk if you want a free jib sticker holding up traffic etc. on Sheridan Street by your house.
Did you see those? No.
Well, I'm glad you missed them.
We don't need to be putting out any jib stickers.
Okay. In fact, the democratic party is just going to advocate. They're going to concede the next election.
Marine Dowd's got a great common the New York Times as usual. And as always, she has a word in here which I'm really not sure how you pronounce.
This is the second fax that I got the first one didn't come over right.
So I didn't read it because there was a paragraph sentence that was screwed up.
So thank you whoever sent me the second one. Marine Dowd the New York Times writes.
I feel better now because now I know that when the pressure is on when lives are on the line, the CIA and FBI can dig up intelligence to annihilate the enemy.
The only problem is their enemy is each other.
The two counter-terrorism agencies separated by the Potomac Kent devote themselves entirely to homeland defense.
They're too busy ripping each other apart, leak for leak in their own homeland civil war.
President Bush went to the National Security Agency in Maryland yesterday. A place so secreted as known as no such agency and tried to reassure Americans that he was on top of things.
In terms of whether or not the FBI and the CIA were communicating properly, you said. I think it is clear that they weren't and now we've addressed that issue.
Oh really? George Tennant, the CIA director and Bob Mueller of the FBI have come into the Oval Office and promised to play nicely together in the spy school yard.
Meanwhile, however, their subordinates are lobbying cherry bombs at each other in the press.
The CIA FBI rivalry known as the Wedge began when Jay had gruhover the cross-dressing Turf Nazi, tried to fight off attempts to create the CIA a new agency of super spies out of the war.
The World War II OSS. As Mark Rebling author of the Wedge secret war between the FBI and CIA has written, the division of labor and deforent and domestic intelligence was never workable since spies cross borders. Richard Helms, the former director of the CIA, compared it to cutting a man down the middle.
There was also a culture clash between the proletarian meat and potatoes gum shoes from Fortamen Notre Dame and the worldly wasps of Langley, who sat around at Georgetown dinner parties with pictures of martines,
talking art and plotting the overthrow of inconvenient third world potentates.
Nowadays, these stereotypes have faded since the CIA is full of cautious desk jockeys whose idea of globe prodding is jumping into the SUV for run to target.
The cliche is now finally flipped at the top. Mr. Tennant was born in Queens, the son of Greek immigrants, and Robert Swan Miller the Turd, Princeton 66, is so ivy that his agents mockingly referred to him as Bobby Threesticks.
At first, after the terrorist breathed through our $30 billion intelligence system on 9-11, both agencies felt vulnerable, so in an unprecedented spasm of cooperation that kept each other's missteps to themselves.
But there, here's the word I don't, I know what it means, Politas, Polpolitis?
Okay, I don't know. Like a French, another of their politeness was by the one, Ravell and came total war.
She up, Maureen, I love her, but she always has to use one word in there, so we have to look up, just to show us where's stupid.
And the fact of the matter is, we admitted, okay, we are stupid.
The FBI was pounded over the Phoenix memo, then came to bombshell memo by the FBI Special Agent Colleen Rowley, accusing Mr. Muller and others at headquarters of circling the wagons after 9-11.
Finally, the FBI got tired of being battered in the sick of Mr. Tenant's co-siness with the president and decided to spread around the blame.
Its fingerprints were clearly all over this week's Newsweek, which had the cover line, the 9-11 terrorists the CIA should have caught.
The report said that in early 2000 in May, the CIA had been tracking two of the terrorists who would later fly into the Pentagon, but didn't notify the FBI or the INS about the men, who would then come to California using their real names and listing themselves in the phone book.
The FBI prepared a detailed chart, which somehow fell into the hands of Newsweek's Michael Isakov, showing how it could have uncovered the 9-11 plot of it known about the hijackers sooner.
The CIA struck back Monday, telling reporters that it briefed two FBI officials on one of the men meeting in Kuala Lumpur, and that the CIA had the email to prove it.
The FBI, some senators noted, dryly yesterday, had time to wiretap a New Orleans brothel for 13 months with 10 agents.
So Congress points fingers at the CIA and the FBI, and the CIA and the FBI points fingers at each other.
And hoping to distract attention from their own flaws, the agents point fingers had been law to bin Laden's sociator, they say it was a 9-11 mastermind, at large in Pakistan or someplace else.
He's already on the FBI most wanted list, so now he must be on the most desperately wanted list, and al-Qaeda laughs.
Right, some marine doubt, and Harold, and Harold may ask, New York Times today.
Yeah, we're doing it, baby. Wave those flags. USA, USA, baby, we're doing it. We're on top of it.
Do we have any idea where any of these bastards are?
No, no.
And how about that article I read a few days ago about the business house they got them like in a country club down there at Gitmo, because they're afraid of the, you know, all the Amnesty International people and all the other finger-pointers.
So they're down there like, you know, probably feeding them shatterbri on though, if that's on their diet.
359 votes on a poll today, pretty heavy duty response, which of these are you the most interested in?
I don't care about any of them, 102.
Baseball 96, hockey 76, soccer 35, cock fights 31, that's one Miguel voted for. The British monarchy 12 and women's basketball 7.
And just as I said, boy, seeing him two days and rows a little bit much. Now you left the wig at home today, I hope.
Don't be wearing that wig to Treasure Island, okay?
Some of the guys might start putting a move on you.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I mean, we'll take a few more calls between now and one more we got to lose. You know after this?
Hey, I'm going to Vegas, Neil. Got any ideas of a good place to go? WQAM?
Good morning.
Yes.
How are you?
Okay. Is this Neil?
Yes, it is.
Hi, Neil. I'm a woman who cares the center very best.
Well, you're the only one.
And I know I'm not.
Yes, you are.
Wow, everybody just too busy on that.
What are you doing? What?
I'm working probably.
I'm working working. I'm in Vizoviu going back to Toronto. That's where I'm from.
Really?
Yes, but I'm also from Holland. So I'm double jealous when you're going.
So I love listening to you. I love you not taking calls because that's the worst part of your whole show.
Yeah, they're killer.
Yep. Hate them. But I love you.
Okay, thanks.
You're welcome.
Toadscenes.
Bye.
Talk.
Oh, she's going to say toadscenes. Bye.
So I do.
Hey, by the way, do we be true and not?
Remember that? Remember that big headline in Chicago Tribune?
Do we buy true and just do it?
1948. No, you don't remember because you weren't even born yet.
You weren't even an idea.
You weren't even on the rubber raft yet.
WQAM?
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
And it's so good to be back in here briefly because you know when it's briefly that you're getting out very fast.
WQAM?
Oh, for me, how you doing, my friend?
Okay.
Oh, for me, this is a whole new about to get a degree in accounting and wants to get the hell out of here.
Is there any way you can tell me how can I get dual citizenship in Canada?
Are you the guy that sent me this facts?
12.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
What do you need dual citizenship for?
You don't have to have dual citizenship?
No, you don't.
No.
What does go up to Canada and that's it?
Oh, you mean if you're going to work up there?
Yeah.
And I have no idea how the worst.
I don't work up there, so I haven't got any idea.
Yeah, for him.
Okay.
He's on his way now.
Yeah, it sounds like he's way on his way, way out there.
Oh, God, this is great.
These calls are great.
This is what I came back here for to bond with a South Florida audience.
To share, to squeeze it.
God.
This guy facts me the same thing twice.
The guy that just called.
But if anybody wants to tell him how that works, I don't know.
I have no idea how that works.
Because if you're going to work up there, you don't have to become a citizen by, I guess, you have to get a visa and a Discover card.
If you're going to have an income up there, I don't know.
I don't want to know.
Nobody can QAM.
WQAM, hello.
Yes.
Yes.
Talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Hi, Neil.
This is wanted to just let you know that the women audiences still out there in listening.
And we wanted to make sure you went off to your vacation with a big goodbye from us.
And we are competing trying to get in with the morons that are calling in with all the other comments.
The extreme is crap, yeah.
So please understand, it's not like we don't want to call, but every time we call it, either busy or some moron is already on the phone.
So have a great trip.
And I do love the new format, by the way.
Good.
Just want to let you know, please keep it up.
It's wonderful.
You're keeping us so informed with so little time that we have on our hands is, you know, women.
We have not only the work, but we also have the home.
So there's a lot more.
We have less time to maybe keep ourselves up to date on the information.
And you're doing just a wonderful job in doing that.
Okay, thanks.
We don't have a great day.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
Four minutes to noon at 5.60 WQAM.
I'm not telling you one thing.
Some of that food at Delights.
You're gonna make a sh**.
A boy sure is good, you know.
Well, no, that's PD Lenny.
Okay, don't blame the people at Delights for that.
Blame him for bringing me that crap and all the time it's loaded with it.
In fact, the good news is now that a lot of the new products with the introduction of Splenda,
the diet products have dropped the sweeteners that were bad on your stomach and making it...
Keep running up and down that hallway.
Like I did yesterday, three or I packed four.
Did I do a number four yesterday?
Yeah, I did a number four yesterday.
Thanks to PD Lenny.
But anyway, go to Delights and I'll hook you up with a lot of good stuff that won't get you doing that.
And you can still lose all the weight you need with all kinds of great delicious products.
Delights curries, the biggest selection of bakery products like pancake mix,
breads, cookies, cheesecakes, brownies, muffins, and clear.
And Delights also carries low-carbon sugar-free products like pasta, sauces, ketchup, crackers, candy, champion light.
Chocolate and their famous carbolite ice cream.
Head to Delights of West Bokin.
You can actually try the products before you buy them.
Taste anything in the store for free before you whip out the wallet.
The knowledgeable staff at Delights will put you on the right path to getting skinny, getting in shape.
So call 1-877 Low-Carb or check out their website at lowcarb.com.
And of course, you probably want to visit the store.
That's a smart thing to do.
I'm the North East corner of Glades Road in 441 in Boka.
And please tell me that PD Lenny sent you by.
Delights of West Bokin, your official Atkins retail store.
The Russian Grace only at the Cheetah, Hollanddale Beach.
The Neil Roger Show on 560s on Inquia.
Miami for Monday.
This is Howard David.
When I take my Fel Dean, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Not George, because he's stupid.
Uh, Jimmy and Danny.
Uh, Jimmy and Danny.
Danny and Jimmy.
Uh, Danny and Jimmy.
Uh, Danny and Jimmy.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Jimmy.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
We have a model from a Miramar, hello.
Can you hear me okay?
I've got a question.
Go ahead.
Jonathan, gimme,igg  Wolf on Uber's job.
Know I you.
Joining Gimmy be your DD.
Jimmy and Danny miejsc relationships areubimasu.
Jimmy,Gimmy and Danny show
Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny
and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny when all your fans and friends met and Danny and Danny am very awarded to get a free ball from 2020atuma.org for grandkids' joy and enjoy again.
Come to Louisville at UCL, yeah.
Louisville at UCL.
Good luck for today.
We're in a hat like that around here. You might not take so much crap from certain people to this place anymore
They might they might start it have to take you a little more serious when they look at that big black hat pretty big
Yeah, I'm George's head
Anyway before I get to the good stuff here some stuff
From Paul he says nice to have you back in town. Thank you for winning us about tomorrow's broadcast
I won't be so upset at nine now
What are your fans George
Cut the crap Paul okay guys under a lot of pressure. He can't help it that he's stupid
Or is the other one a couple other big Arnie our chronic facts right have been disappointed not here from big Arnie while I was here
Does Ron Ross need get to go to the locker room while the players are showering and dressing? Yes
There might be something good about women's basketball after all oh to be a pot a piece of soap. I guess big Arnie hasn't seen those back to ball players
Here's another one that says why do you put up with these
Assholes stick to your articles. They're more entertaining than the colors. Keep up the good work and get out of this hellhole
And you are absolutely correct or maim or whatever you are and I will
Here's another one that says I can't believe that people wait 10 to 15 minutes on hold just to say
Madakon or Fag or whatever it just goes to show that everyone likes your show
They might not agree with everything you say but we like to show in your honesty
I guess we're all just jealous that you're getting out of this Schmidt hole full of these assholes or as the callers put it
Madakonis have a great summer will miss you PC well have a great summer yourself. Okay, although if you're here good luck
you now in the village voice today Nat Hentoff writes
Will God set the curriculum your taxes for church schools question mark in Cleveland taxpayer money is being used to fund Catholic
Masses Protestant Bible study and instruction the practice of Islam
That tax I see these are a
That's a couple of bleeps from other articles and a crucially important first amendment case the Supreme Court will soon decide
Well, the constitutional separation of church and state will be largely dismantled
The case Zalman versus Simon Harris concerns an Ohio program in which $2,250 in public tax money is given in the form of vouchers
Called scholarships to mainly low-income Cleveland families many of them black to remove their children from failing public schools and put them in private schools including religious schools
In the case before the Supreme Court
99.4% of the children using these vouchers are going to religious schools
voucher funds are available to suburban public schools
But those schools have declined them making this a clear debate on a statement by James Madison author of the first amendment
Religion flourishes in greater purity without without then with the aid of government
We must respect a rightful authority to which governments are limited by the essential distinction between civil and religious functions
Or as Thomas Jefferson called this distinction a wall between church and state an issue is the first amendments command and the establishment clause that there
Should be no law respecting the establishment of religion with respect to whether public money to religious schools violates the establishment clause
The Supreme Court had previously set up a three-pronged test any such law must have a secular purpose
Must neither advance nor inhibit religion and cannot involve excessive entanglement of government and religion
Other arguments that have been made forward against public money for religious schools are not constitutional arguments
For example the charge that using tax dollars for such schools will take away badly needed funds for public schools on the other hand
Many black parents claim that when the public schools fail their children vouchers of the only chance for a decent education
They have left these debates however, not the court this case
The Supreme Court will decide whether the Cleveland voucher plan and others in place or plan around the country
Advanced religion and also entangle government with religion the court will also rule on whether there is no violation of the establishment clause
If the voucher money does not go directly to the religious schools
But is paid to the parents who then make a free and independent choice to use that money for a private religious school
On February 20th oral arguments were held before the Supreme Court
The Bush Ashcroft administration which firmly supports the Cleveland voucher program said its top gun solicitor general Charles Olson to defend it
He has often and effectively argued before the court
Just as San Rodeo Conor asked also whether the voucher program makes any effort to make sure that the money that ends up in the
Perricial schools is not used for religious training no Olson said
But he quickly added that the government is not putting its thumb on the scales in favor of religion because the parents make a genuinely independent private choice
Had I been arguing for the other side that day I would have shown the court this during advice of the two parents
Who want to use vouchers from a Lutheran school in Cleveland
It is highly inconsistent for any parents to send a child to this school if they are not living a Christian life
Or willing to learn how to lead such a life and are not supporting part of a congregation through worship and sharing of time and talent
Jews, Muslims, atheists and agnostics need not apply to this school however genuinely independent their choice to send their kids with public money to a religious school
I have the mission statements of other schools in a Cleveland program and you can decide for yourself if public money
Going to these schools advances religion and entangles the state with religion
The state Rocco schoolhandbook says that education there was designed to make faith become living conscious and active through the light of instruction
And that religious truths and values permeate the whole atmosphere of the school
The sage on noddingham Lutheran schoolhandbook states that the one cardinal objective of education to which all of this point is to develop devotion to God about our creator redeemer and sanctifier
The Calvary Center Academy handbook requires students to pledge allegiance to the Christian flag
I don't even know there was a Christian flag did you?
No
When you do now
Or maybe that's just what they call him or I don't know
The Calvary Center Academy handbook requires students to pledge allegiance to the Christian flag and to the Savior for whose kingdom it stands
One Savior crucified risen and coming again with life and liberty for all who believe in other words. That's I guess that's their pledge of allegiance
Not only are there three not only are there daily religious classes in those schools
But as the six circled cut of appeal said in declaring the Cleveland voucher program unconstitutional
These religious schools interweave Christian doctrines with science and language arts classes
Requiring that all learning takes place in an atmosphere of religious ideals
Sir Rudy Giuliani tried mightily to force a voucher program in New York City
It came up against a New York case committee for public education versus Nyquist
1973 which until now has been into the United States Supreme Court the main bulwark against using public money for religious instruction religious schools
No matter whether the funds go directly or indirectly to those schools
The vote in Zum in versus Simon Harris will in all likelihood be five to four with San Jose
O'Connor deciding whether to tear down much of what remains of that wall separating church and state to be continued
writes and that henoff in the village voice today
kind of chilling chilling
kind of scary
But that's your president that's this administration baby. That's this crowd if our bison or right wing goyam. That's what you got
That's what a minority wanted and that's what the majority got
eight minutes after noon at five sixty wqm you heard me talking a long time about the big one. Oh, but have I ever
And now in four short months you can have a big one too a big paycheck the demand for certified computer professionals is through the roof
It's astronomical pick up the phone a colleague with people at fast train at 866 fast train
Summer classes are forming right now if you call now you can be certified in a new career before summers end
Fast train offers Microsoft certified instructors for convenient locations included new Kennel campus job placement assistance
Day and evening classes too for those individuals whose job was affected after 911 fast trains and operation paycheck training provider
So call fast-trained at 866 fast train right now or check them out on the web at fast train.com
They can really and honestly and truly have you certified and ready for a brand new moneymaking career and is little as four months
So call fast-trained today and tell them that old Neil told you to call toll-free
1 866
City
Head cappellans key nights weeknight to 10 on sport radio five sixty
Q a m neon
Disassended Ted Kennedy and I want to talk about one of the most important priorities for America's future
cuts in education for every child in America
We cannot rebuild and modernize America schools the doors will be closed for many students stupid
We ask you the American people to stand with us by letting the president and congress know
There's not one dollar in the budget for education
Democrats ask the president to join with us to keep billions of dollars and 600 billion dollars in new tax breaks for the wealthy
Thank you for listening
Like I said you're welcome. Well, I'm busy here. I got 8,000 faxes coming through. I don't have time to be punched in buttons
12 13 at 5 60 W to Q a m
Hey, here's one that says race small bill what follows is an essay concerning Superman's sex life or lack thereof
It comes from a book titled all the myriad ways by science fiction author Larry niven
Just thought you might find interesting from Mike. Thank you Mike. Oh, it's got 85 million pages including the cover 12 pages all like I said
Don't do it Mike. Don't do it
Wow
I'm gonna why does he sending me all these like the cover page in the front page? Hey, Mike
What are you doing Mikey out of your mind or what
Man of steel woman of Kleenex
He's faster than a speeding bullet. He's more powerful on a locomotive
He's able to leap tall buildings in a single bound. Why can't he get a girl it says
At the ripe old age of 31
Cal L alias Superman alias Clark can't is still unmarried almost certainly. He's still a virgin
This is a serious matter the species itself is in danger
And it goes on a great length. I'm sure the fat look at that
Look at this
Outer porn across this thing right into the waist basket. Thank you very much
Mike quite wasted my fax paper
Why do people do that? What would anybody send you a like 12 pages on some what am I gonna do with it? Maybe we're all the time
Why don't you wreck them god?
Now here's one that gets right to the point it says two 23 year old California filmmakers told the Las Vegas
Review journal that is a really may they had sold about 10,000 copies of their bum fights video
Which entertains viewers with real fist fights and dangerous stunts willingly engaged in by actual homeless people many of them
intoxicated on Las Vegas's streets
Some participants say the video is a realistic portrayal of their violent everyday existence
And the two filmmakers Ray latisha and Ty Beeson profess sympathy for their subjects by subtitling the video
Cause for concern
And they sold 10,000 copies in 1995 each that sounds like cause for concern. Uh-huh. Yes, me. Where can we get ours?
I don't know but I'm sure concerned
Sure beats that other bum fight we're gonna see or some of us stupid
I'm sure not gonna see it
Here's a fax from Ian who says
I met you about three years ago with leaves Panthers game down south. I listen. Oh, this is from richman hill. It's from up north
All right, I listen you quite often on the internet. I'm a harness horse owner the race is most of my stock at Mohawk woodbine and the odd
Stakehorse race south of the border you had remember a couple of horses. I owned oye vape bites him veys mirror oioio
Etc. Yes, I do when in Toronto give me a call
I'd be on or taking on the backstretch introducing some of the top drivers and trainers says Ian thank you
And I'm gonna keep keep this maybe I'll go back there maybe get some tips
Huh maybe get into a fist fight with Randy Waples
I'm just kidding about that. Ian Randy Waples is the best in the world, baby
For my money to give him a real uh, they job them over there. Of course, I don't know all the details
The best one at big half million dollar race in Montreal the hippodrome on Saturday nice gone Randy
Anyway, all the way is ugly
Here's an article by Bruno Shapiro in the LA weekly in fact. I have two. I don't know which one to choose, you know
There's one from the York Observer. Which one is the least long
Because they're both about the same topic about sticking at the John Ashcroff, which sounds really good to me
I guess Bruno Shapiro in the LA weekly
Inditing Ashcroff for bumbling before and after 9-11
It says remember John Ashcroff he used to be Attorney General
Of course, Ashcroff still occupies his office at the Department of Justice
But in recent weeks the formerly ubiquitous AG Mad Dog Scorch of Civil Libertarians has become the Bush administration's invisible man
With each new revelation about who knew what both before and after September 11 the buck stops with the disturbing frequency in Ashcroff's desk
The result the Attorney General suddenly labors under a self-evident gag order
Ashcroff's last appearance on Capitol Hill was May 3rd. In the week since as one cabinet officer after another rice-chainy rumsfeld has taken turns on Sunday talk shows to ward of new terrorist threats
Ashcroff has been nowhere to be found on the airwaves
He emerged this week just long enough to announce a massive ramping up of the FBI's anti-terrorist efforts
The plan centralizes authority under the very Washington officials most responsible for the September 11th failures and seems unlikely to stop the questions
If the circling sharks are not quite showing their teeth you can at least see the fins
On May 21st leaders of the House and Senate Intelligence committees emerged from meeting with Ashcroff
To press their inquiries into the management leadership failures in the run up to September 11th
inquiries that Ashcroff just Department have been assiduously resisting one of my favorite words
Assiduously don't you love that word? What does it mean?
Hard
Reporters asked about the suppressed memo from Phoenix FBI agent Ken Williams warning about the possible al-Qaeda members enrolled in flight schools
And when Ashcroff knew about it all of these are relevant questions replied and obviously frustrated Senator Bobby Graham
The Senate Intelligence Committee chairman one of Ashcroff's usual allies Republican Senator Richard Shelby
Described the Phoenix memo as explosive very relevant information that we will get into as our inquiry continues
A clear signal that even Senator Republicans are ready to resist any stonewalling
The Ashcroff to apparently learned of the Phoenix memo just days after September 11th
And never bothered to tell his bosses by itself enough for the White House to put him on ice
But the scandal on Ashcroff's watch is much deeper
Start with the fact that the agencies whose bureaucracies stumbled most spectacularly
The FBI and the INS report directly to the Attorney General
True both were right for problems that predate the Bush administration
But Ashcroff took office promising to clean the stables
Instead he presided over some of the most scandalous and deadly bureaucratic misjudgments in American history
From last summer's active suppression of FBI investigations in Arizona and Minneapolis
To those late fall student visas granted to the deceased hijackers
In the immediate aftermath of 9-11 it was easy to blame red tape but increasingly Ashcroff's basic judgment is the issue
It was Ashcroff to insist on a naming Robert Mueller or Justice bureaucrat under the first president Bush as the new director of the FBI
It was Ashcroff to kept the embarrassing news of agent William Sphenic's memo from going to the president or to Congress
It was Ashcroff to when the autumn took the 9-11 investigation away from one US attorney in the country with experience
And success prosecuting Al Qaeda married your white in New York
And gave it to the same justice department that we now know had bungled earlier inquiries
Senators are suddenly remembering that back in November was Ashcroff who in a parent
Deference to the sensibilities of the NRA refused to use the federal government's gun owner registry in his terrorism investigation
The latest leak a 6,000-word letter to FBI director Mueller from Minneapolis FBI agent and counsel Colleen Rowley published by Time magazine
Comes close to directly implicating Ashcroff in a cover-up
Rowley charges Washington with consistently almost deliberately thwarting the Minneapolis FBI agent's efforts to investigate
Zacharias Musawi last summer what's Morris's agent Rowley a 21-year veteran of the FBI
After 9-11 the department adjusted circled the wagons to protect the FBI from embarrassment and relevant FBI officials from scrutiny with the highest ranking officials lying to Congress
The deepest scandal is that after September Ashcroff consistently misled both Congress and the public about the reforms needed to prevent another attack
The attacks happened we were repeatedly told because the FBI and the CIA were hamstrung by liberary reformers back in the 70s
What was needed said Ashcroff were sweeping new powers to spy to jail to interrogate
What was needed ascroff told Congress's latest December 12 was enhanced information sharing between intelligence and law enforcement communities
Not to mention what Ashcroff described as his deliberate campaign of arrest and detention
The incarceration without charges of over 1100 immigrants and he excoriated critics like Senator Patrick Leahy
By then Ashcroff had known for months what the rest of us are only now just finding out that the FBI and the Justice Department needed not new powers but new brains
It was not excessive restriction on wiretapping the cause justice to drop the ball on Musawi
FBI headquarters according to the Rowley memo simply refused to provide a warrant to seize the suspect's hard drive a warrant perfectly legal under existing laws
It was not liberal reformers were refused to listen to Phoenix agent Ken Williams' low-tech survey of flight schools
It was not excessive restriction of intelligence agencies that let Ashcroff's justice department disregard specific warnings about al-Qaeda suicide flights in general and Musawi in particular from intelligence agencies in Europe
And as late as august the Monday uh, oh, there's a good one
Mondanities
That which is Monday nice. So there you go
As late as august who wrote this Bruno Shapiro in the LA weekly hey, Tribuno
As late as august the Mondanities of law enforcement might have made a difference on 9-11
A memo passed up the chain of command and welcomed instead of buried
A quiet deployment of air marshals more careful scrutiny of the quick and easy visas routinely granted to Saudis
The one nation in the world most responsible for funding al-Qaeda and nurturing Islamic fundamentalism
Ascroff in the past has shown a gift for personal resurrection so we may survive this crisis
But at the moment he's in attorney general running the Department of Justice without the trust of Congress
Without the trust of the White House or even the FBI agents in the field
The anti terrorism plan announces week only deflects attention from that fundamental problem
The real stories that the attorney general spent the months after 9-11 touting high-tech
Cloak and dagger reforms that damaged the bill of rights while covering up world class failures of leadership management and cognizance
They might have made a real difference no wonder he's on the leash
Right spruner Shapiro there you go
See while all that flag waving in pseudo-patriots is and we all got sucked into was going on for a few months in a bumper sticker
You know they were able to do these things but now that we're starting to find out the real truth
Just like the scandal in the church
Same kind of thing once the scab breaks open and the pus starts oozing out
The public starts asking to have her questions
Here's that story about the goddy bus from the New York Post
By the way 391 votes on the poll
Which of these are you the most interested in baseball 109
I don't care about any of them 107 hockey 83 soccer 41
Cockfights 32 the British monarchy 12 and women's basketball
Seven seven hey Ron Rothstein guess what nobody gives a crap about your dikeball okay, baby
Better start really pumping heavy at those dike bars because that's the only place you're gonna get any goddamn suckers
Coming out there to watch that crap but your lady wrestlers playing basketball
God
Anyway New York Post goddy bust
The feds broke the Gambino family stranglehold on the Brooklyn Waterfront yesterday
Busting its new dawn Peter goddy and 16 others on charges of shaking down the Longshoreman's Union related companies
And even action movie star Steven Seagal Seagal
How do you like that?
A 68 count in diamond return after a three-year investigation accuses the older brother of Dapper Don John goddy
Two other relatives and 14 other Gambino soldiers and associates of extortion racketeering gambling and loan sharking
Peter god a 62 took over from his ailing brother this year represented the Gambino's in a meeting of the commission of the five new or cram families
Raked in $10,000 a month from the scheme sources said they still have those meetings in the five families, huh? How come we don't get invited?
Probably a good thing. We got your cost dollar here. His name is in a vowel good Italian boy
I got my judges got his black hat looks just like Luca Bratzie after a balanced for life for about 20 years
If we only had TV now a few people could see this I am honored and great. I mean if anybody ever truly looked stupid
George is the one right now when it had anyway
The indictment says Gambino family soldier Primo Casarino was caught on tape threatening a gambler hold him cash
You think you can art smart me you see what does gonna have what the f is gonna happen to you
I went to your restaurant last night. I'm gonna grab your mother today
And he allegedly told a Brooklyn company owner who bought its storing gambling devices
When I tell you something you do what I tell you you hear me if you don't like it let me know now. I'll come there and show you through the window
Brooklyn US attorney Alan Vinegred said when it comes to the waterfront the greedy grip of organized crime knows no bounds
But he added the tide is turning the indictment says the defendants use threats of force violence and fear to win control of Brooklyn and Staten Island chapters of the international
Longshoreman's union once and control the indictment says they plotted to take over the presidency of the entire 85,000 member union
They also allegedly awarded a lucrative union contract for prescription drugs to a mob controlled company collecting a $400,000 kickback
The indictment also accuses Gambino associate Julius Nassau a former business partner of Segal of trying to absorb hundreds of thousands of dollars from an individual in the film industry
Authorities would not name the individual but sources said it was Steven Segal
Nassau suits a golfer $60 million in March accusing him of re-nigging on a deal to appear in four pictures
Prosecutor said in fact that Nassau demanded the actor pay the crime family 150 grand for each movie
A key figure in the extortion scheme is Cam Gambino Capo Anthony Sonny Chacone a former top official of ILA local 1814
Who was barred from taking part in union affairs 1991 after racketeering conviction
But the indictment says Chacone continue or receive the family's interest in the ILA with the help of mob associate Frank Red Scholo as well as the president of local 1814 and the vice president of the ILA
The Gambino and Genovacy families had divided up New York City waterfront the Gambino's taking Brooklyn Staten Island and the Genovacy family taking Manhattan and Jersey the fed say
How do you like that?
I love the names. Yeah me too and everybody's got a nickname. You want a nickname join them up, you know
Like mo stupid something like that
26 past noon at 560 wqm on a great Wednesday man
It's almost over. You almost feel the easing of the pain you know I'm talking about
Thinking of painting your home of business. Don't do it. Don't paint protect your investment with liquid ceramic
Liquid ceramic the technology born in NASA's space program is available right now in South Florida
Liquid ceramic is the most advanced exterior slash interior and roof coating available
You two can have the same high-tech ceramic technology that shields the space shuttle protecting your home or your building
And you'll never have to paint it again. That's correct
Liquid ceramic is guaranteed for as long as you own your home or building
So forget about repainting every few years or ever again liquid ceramic won't fade or peel its guaranteed
This state of the art coding yields an R24 insulation equivalency helping you bring down those electric bills
Liquid ceramics available in over 1800 different colors check out liquid ceramic today give them a call at 305
3475 122 liquid ceramics been manufactured and sold for over 40 years and now the good news is for you folks
It's available right here in South Florida call 305 3475 122 that's 305
3475 122 or visit them on the net at liquid ceramic dot
TV and be sure when you calm down that old Neil tourney to call liquid ceramic at 305 34
Here
Morning csak G
In that
extra
I made it peel
U-B-A-J-B
What's other men is where I steal
U-B-A-J-B
At Roger Dalky, I sometimes stare
U-B-A-J-B
I like his walk and I like his hair
U-B-A-J-B
I watch his jeans when he struts
U-B-A-J-B
I just love his magic butt
U-B-A-J-B
When we're on tour, I just hold
U-B-A-J-B
He'll lose his grip and drop the soul
U-B-A-J-B
I see him on his feet
You can't have him
I see him on his feet
U-B-A-J-B
I see him on his feet
Comptivity to a 560 WQM
I think that Danny and the...
What's his name? Tony or a big trouble on guiding light
Miguel just put on a black hat
The new Springfield Mafia
The Julio Mafia man, he's in
That's him, am I right?
That is definitely him
I think he's going to go out and build
Now I make a few people and offer they can't refuse
If you ask me
If there's a butt, I smell it
Doug Montero writes in the New York Post today
And this is more of a New York State thing
As far as the Astorys concerned, the scandal
of a nevertheless, it fits right in
The proposed state law requiring clerics to report changes of sexual charges of sexual abuse to law enforcement
is on life support and extremely critical condition
at a mental hospital otherwise known as the state capital
The doctors we pay to operate on this crucial is you can't agree on two different yet similar mandatory reporting bills
and there's a good chance and agreed upon proposal
and even reached the Senate and assembly floors
by June 20th when the session ends
Each side blames the other
Each side lament its eventual death
Yet no one seems game to roll up their slaves and resuscitate the proposal
I think it's too important of a bill for fail to fail for lack of ability to find common ground
since state senator Steven Saland
who introduced a bill requiring complaints to be reported to the state's child abuse hotline
It would be a horrible failure to have the session end without passing legislation
that I assume the governor will readily sign
Assemblyman Jack Macken, any of Albany who introduced a verse never requires clerics to directly call their local
D.A.'s office as he's frustrated
I don't know why they're still hanging on that hotline
He said describing how the system is already burdened with thousands of household child abuse complaints every year
Governor Pratakis office which was active in the negotiations did not return calls for comment
Perhaps because other issues like redistricting or election are more important
The U.S. conference of Catholic Bishop yesterday proposed a series of changes
in the way churches handle future pre-sex abuse allegations like calling the cops
The bishops voted these proposals next week
but critics don't have much faith in the Catholic hierarchy
So the critical condition of the mandatory reporting bills add to that paranoia
New York state is still behind the times compared to the rest of the country said Susan Jason
An advocate for victims the reason is because of the cozy relationship between the politicians and church hierarchy
which is entirely unhealthy for the welfare of children
There you go
See we always get kind into believing just after 9-11
Well now all of this cover up with the past all these cozy relationships all that's gonna you know go by the boards
Guess what
Wrong
Whether it's the Catholic church scandal or whether it's you know the evil doers out there or all of this other crap
They're all too firmly entrenched man
It's just if it ever does change it's gonna take a long time and hopefully we'll still be here to see it
Here's the facts from Bob who says unfortunately
I attended a Christian elementary school every school morning from the age of 5 to 11
I was made to pledge allegiance to the Christian flag
I never heard that before before that thing I wrote
It has taken me years to finally get all of their corrosive indoctrination out of my brain
I'll never forgive the people who ran that school for brainwashing me
By the way, ex-Preece John McLaughlin celebrated her their show's 20th anniversary last week
Bye-bye says Bob
Bye-bye Bob
Now what was that under? I can't find that
What? Bye-bye?
No, the McLaughlin nothing. What is that under in there?
McLaughlin group. How are we, but how are we spelling it?
NCL
Maybe we have a like a misspelling in here or something
Could be. I don't see it in there. I think it's gone
You'll have to dittle around to see if I, I know we have played it out of here. How can it be gone?
How can that have disappeared? One of the most crucial and important things in a history of mankind
Well at any rate. Good luck to you Bob. Glad you were able to, I love that line of users
It's taken me years to finally get all of their corrosive indoctrination out of my brain
And that's exactly what it is corrosive indoctrination. Well put Bob
You are absolutely correct. Right on it
Disappeared out there, didn't it? It must have
Well how's that possible? I remember putting it in there
Yeah, and I remember playing it out of there
It's on last year's best up for what it's worth
Well I'm not the, I don't have a great pressing need to play that right now. We have better stuff to play
I mean we could you know you spent a lot of time here looking that up but we got
The important things to play like Jesus Christ. Right. Stuff like that
And we have Pizer writes in today's New York Post, the fences
Oh and by the way speaking of court stories I meant to mention this before you know this San Diego
What thought was their name? The seven year old girl that was murdered
Really? No, no, no. Really as a five year old girl from Dade County was disappeared
The out there in San Diego for Christ's sakes. Oh, oh, oh the
The the the the rude the money the rain no, then bandam bandam. I know God damn. Thank you Miguel. Jesus Christ
The bandam that trials going on now. Did you see any of it? No. Oh that defense attorney
I did see the clip the guy was screaming and yelling me screaming and yelling and then we're smoking now
We're all right. Yeah like every normal family
What what does that have to do with it? Apparently if you smoke marijuana you deserve to have your kid killed. Oh well I had
Listen ties right in. Okay. Andrea Pizer writes in today's New York Post the fences slimy claim these dope
Smoke hippies deserve it. Remember the Carnegie deli murders we talked about that and they told the jurors they could need the
Carnegie since they one of the Carnegie deli massacre trial the defenses sounded a subtle and deeply offensive
Theme they seem to suggest that the three people murdered above the deli last year had somehow
Brought the killing upon themselves after all they smoked pot
This infuriates a close-knit group of girlfriends of Jennifer Stahl one of three executed
Narabha, that netted thieves about 350 bucks in a bag of pot and they're right
No one has to die this way no one asks to die this way
But just maybe the victims of the blood bath should have heated signs that something terrible might happen
Barbara Coleman one of Jennifer's closest pals sought coming for two months before the murder
She grew afraid of visiting Jennifer's apartment. She calls her anxiety a premonition more likely
She could just no longer ignore what no one else in a circle of friends cared to see the people
Came into the apartment there seemed to be a shift last year Barbara told me yesterday in tears
There were these were more hip-hop kind of people different from the professionals she dealt with than the music or entertainment industry
Hip-hop kind of people gangsters I clearly told her I don't feel safe and we talked about it
She said I was probably being paranoid because Jennifer trusted people
Coleman a 44-year-old theatrical agent is one of Jennifer's loyal girlfriends who attend the trial regularly
They're women on either side of 40 who worked in and around Chobas most of their adult lives
Some have tasted success or still believe it's coming
Musicians dances unconventional types that gathered in Jennifer's place above the deli record music or just talk
And yes smoked a pot that Jennifer supplemented her income by selling George
Hip-hop wannabe Sean Sally one of two men charged with the murders referred callously to Jennifer in a tape conversation as a hippie
Hippy to Sally that means weak
Yesterday Rosemond Dane testified in crushing detail about watching her boyfriend Charles Hallowell
Hallowell die on the floor of the apartment of bullet piercing his head
She would have died too as he not jerked her head at the last second
But under cross examination defense lawyer Andrew Katz on a strangely accusatory tone
Asking her why she came to New York whether she smoked pot and whether she'd had a drink
Outside Barbara was adamant it could have been me no one asks to die like this rights Andrea Pyser today's New York post
How do you like that? They were smoking pot so they deserved it see? Yeah
That's the American F and Wayman
And if you have a half a joint that means the next door neighbors allowed to sexually abuse and murder your child
Absolutely correct
Right 21 to 1 at 560 WQM the mad dog will be here at 1
Summer times here forget about its coming like later in the month
It's here whether it's official on the calendar or not it's strutsin
Only a minute is one part that'll make you feel your best and keep you in good health
Even in South Florida where the heat and humidity make you like feel all washed out all the time
Oliomeds a soft gel capsule that contains pharmaceutical rate olive oil along with vitamins minerals and herbals to promote health for your prostate
For your heart your blood pressure and your cholesterol
Oliomeds also got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system
Your digestive endocrine system your skin and bones even for your mind
All using the benefits of the best olive oil that money can buy and don't forget
Oliomeds got products for men and for your ladies out there too
Oliomeds available at Walgreens right now at Whole Food Markets
Debarral Pharmacy Ansonanos and say stupendous exciting new product that can do you a lot of good
So if you'd like to find out more about what it is and how it works and what it does call this number
Tool free and they'll answer all your questions call 1-866 Oliomeds
That's 1-866 O-L-E-O-M-E-D or their products off their website
The show in March show overnight time sports radio 560 Q-A-A
Visual fact in the church
Wow you are the man or woman
I won't comment on that matter that would be pending
No kidding
Numerous investigations have been conducted
I had another personality
Magnificent
I think I was in some way
Yes
I drank
I smoked
I did drugs
You did exactly the right thing
Yes
I did anything I could to get sex
That is just a travesty
I'm personally opposed to sex
Yes
Put me on all fours
No, sex with me
No, it's one of the most horrible acts I think a human being could commit
There's no life correct
I'm gonna go get one
Fine, fake care sir
1244-560
Maybe she can have her as her running mate for like Lieutenant Governor
And hey, shh, huh?
And Janet?
I guarantee they get in there that attendance at Dijk Basketball goes zooming up there
No question about that, at least by a pair anyway
Probably kind of a saggy pair
Wait till you hear this story
North High Christian school teacher charged with sexual relationship with student
Oh, this is in Wisconsin, no less
An Ash-Cosh North High school teacher accused of having an eight-month affair
With a then 17-year-old male student
Could spend 10 years in prison convicted of sexually assaulting the youth
Laurie Mosher was charged this week with sexual assault of a student by the school staff
Mosher 39 will make an initial appearance July 2nd in Winnebago County Circuit Court
The North High drama and English teacher resigned today
After district officials confirmed she had a relationship with a student who was a high school senior at the time
The Ash-Cosh School Board accepted Mosher's resignation
Oh, I see, last Wednesday, stay except on Friday
Mosher declined comment on contact by the Northwestern
The Northwestern does not print the names of victims of alleged sex crimes
Oh, that's like I said, pretty boring
That was okay, thank you
This is boring
This is a little more exciting than that
Carnal William Keeler, who I think was like cousin to a Willie T. Ribs
Remember Willie Keeler?
Oh yeah, Ruby Keeler and Willie Keeler, it's all the same, they got to miss Baja
Carnal William Keeler said he was considering asking the Vatican to defrock that priest who was shot by a man who claimed the priest had abused him a years earlier
Remember that story from a few weeks ago?
Yeah, certainly do
The announcement yesterday came as Keeler publicly urged the US Conference of Bishops to announce a zero tolerance policy for a priest who faced substantial claims of child sex abuse
But as we know now, of course they say, well, you get to dittle once
In the past, you can abuse one kid and that will look the other way
The Conference of Bishops will vote next week on a proposed new policy under the proposal, pray while we know that
Don T. Stokes, 26, told police he shot the Reverend Morace J. Blackwell three times on May 13
Because he'd been abused by Blackwell years earlier, Blackwell was moved from the pulpit in 1998 with another alleged victim came forward but he remains a priest
Defrocking would formally push Blackwell out of the priesthood
Keeler met last week with Stokes and said he apologized him for the pain he suffered
He also told Stokes he would try to enact a new policy at the Bishops Conference in Dallas
These zero tolerance
See, first of all, to show you the arrogance of these assholes with their silly outfits
The idea that they should be having a policy of any tolerance is not their call to make
It's the law you assholes, who the hell are you people to get together and start like making up your own goddamn laws?
Somebody violates a law like that, a civil law, your call to authorities, your turn to your asses over and you let them prosecute, that's the way it works
As opposed to, wow, if you only screwed around with one kid in the past, then of course we gotta find out if it was in the rectumry or in the...
We'll give you like a get out of jail free card without the $200
Pretty sad
420... oh, it's changing again
423 votes on a pool, which of these are you most interested in?
The reason I took this pool today is because last night or the early this morning our time, US upset Portugal in the World Cup in soccer 3-2
And some people made a big to-do about that
And it's amazing to me, just like with the Marlins, it's the same thing on the station
I realize that we aren't anywhere near football season yet and there's not much going on that anybody cares about in sports
But the fact is that at a time when we had the first game of the Stanley Cup finals in Detroit in Hockey Town last night and with a gigantic overtime upset by the Huracun's 3-2
With Ron Francis scoring a winning goal in overtime and a time when something like that is going on
This station all they can talk about is soccer, nobody cares about soccer, I told you that
Except from people who just got off the banana boat and countries where they do care about it, which is most of the rest of the world, but that's still ain't here
I mean, and I asked the question, which of these are you most interested in?
I don't care about any of them, 118, baseball 115, hockey 91, soccer 45
45, 10%, cock fights 32, even cock fights was almost out of pacing soccer, huh?
Now I got this because soccer was so boring, how about if they had cock fights during the soccer games? Like how the sidelines would be good?
Huh? Or in between what do they have period?
Half time, yeah. And half time would be good. Right out there in the field, all the contestants can unleash their cock and let them just go to it
British Monarchy 14 and Women's Basketball, Women's Basketball, oh my god, guess how many votes this one's got?
Eighth, yeah that's it, good guess. Eight freaking votes for Women's Basketball for Dykball
I guess I better do the break because I want to get the memory I told you about the toxic here that we breed, not that I want to leave on any pressing note about the fact that we're...
Oh, you hear that?
See? And of course this is written for CBS News, not they don't even know about the year in this studio.
Sounds like a major, major lawsuit to me. In fact I say we call OSHA, no I don't you call them, I'm not going to be here anyway.
You call them, you're on like pretty solid ground.
Ten before one if I just put that black hat back on and say hey you don't straighten the AC vents out in the head,
it's place I'm calling to God them OSHA AND Luca Brotsey.
Nick Reagan offered a can't refuse. In fact I'll give you one word that well you know what it is.
Ten before one at five sixty W.Q.M. Hey all you deli lovers out there you tried South Florida's best kept deli secret. Well it's not just another deli.
It's brothers an extraordinary place real New York deli style food and service at its best.
In fact in an often reading this I'm going to have to get to the pickle bureau for lunch and next couple of days in Toronto.
I'm just in the mood for deli reading this.
The original brothers restaurant had been piring on the corn beef and pastrami and scrumptious brisket on thousands of sandwiches since 1976.
There are overstuffed sandwiches that are so big that two hands aren't even enough to hold them.
Brothers who've got the best homemade soups and salads homemade chopped liver all your favorites and their hand sliced nobo will remind you of the lower east side.
They got a full bakery and take out the department. I guarantee at the forum time they got great home in touch and two.
Brothers can even cater your next holiday or family gathering. So when you're thinking about deli when your Jones is for some really good stuff like you're good play the kishki.
Think of brothers or if you say kishka that's okay too as in who stole the kishka.
They're open every day for breakfast lunch and dinner they have a takeout you can eat in and of course end the catering corporate functions too.
Visit your brothers at 1325 South Powerline Road or call them at 954.
5968 get the number right 954 968.5080.
Want to be sure to tell them that Neil Tony to call the original brothers restaurant 954.
968.50.
From the event until it'll be a cover begins at 630 on sports radio 560.
We're you fudge pack.
Yes.
They want us to find a way to reimburse and for back pay from 200 years ago when they were slaves.
When I only have a mobile home a pitbull and a pinch of skull.
So if you want to ask me how here's what I gotta say.
You've got to kiss a nigger good morning.
You tell him that you're sorry for it's labor among.
Yes a nigger good morning and that's where everybody who is dead at all.
If I was born in 1802 and slaves ate something I do but what were dead people dead to you I have to take the plane.
You want me 50 dollars?
When you see it all for an old money act.
No!
With a can of smelly cherry in fact instead of 40 acres and a mule I have a better way.
You've got to kiss a nigger good morning.
When put on high with fair and organ frame of two.
Yes a nigger good morning and that's your risen adusion for it's slave at you.
Yes a nigger good morning.
Okay.
And till that you're sorry for it's labor among.
You've got a nigger good morning and that's where everybody who is dead at all.
Copy.
56 at 560 W.Crem.
Did man it's only four minutes away?
Yeah they're not that too happy about that one free pass with his church deal.
No we don't get free bank robberies in America but the bishops are basically saying that a predator of children can get away with at least two counts of abuse.
And the key question here is who sets the standard for what is a count of abuse?
Is it an arrest? Is it a conviction?
Or is it just an ad...
Only the shadow knows.
Here's a fact from Niel and adventurers got a real good memory.
He says you actually made reference to the Christian flag several years ago.
There was a meeting of lunatics that included then vice president Danny Boykweil.
They were all plunging to the Christian flag at the Crow Ridge Presbyterian Church and for Lauderdale.
How do you like that?
With a good old Jimmy Kennedy up there.
Probably do a little goose steppin.
The toxic air we breathe.
This is not a good thing to be...
You know but when you got a little...
Is that sound all I've bad?
No.
No it's not.
Not like Monday.
Monday boy.
It was heavy duty.
But now that I got like the purple and the dark green, the Linda Blair shade out of there.
It's coming along.
CBS News reports.
At least two thirds of Americans live in areas where toxic chemicals pose an elevated cancer risk.
An EPA analization concludes.
The findings are contained in a long awaited EPA assessment of health risks.
From 32 toxic chemicals the study is based on 1996 emissions data subjected to several years of internal analization.
The assessment concludes that the accumulated exposure to the various toxic chemicals had been expected to cause 10 additional cancers over a lifetime of exposure for every 1 million people or a 10 and 1 million cancer risk.
But not too bad, 10 and a million.
Yeah.
It's better than a lottery though.
These risks can be found across virtually the entire country said the study which was reviewed by outside scientists.
More than 200 million people live in census tracts where they combine upper bound lifetime cancer risk from these chemical compounds exceeded 10 and a million risk.
