Now the Neil Roger Show on 560 WQAM
In my country, yeah, Tony's go
Yo! I'm a tiger, you're a tiger, he's a tiger, she's a tiger, we're all a tiger, boo
OOOOOO! I'm a tiger, you're a tiger, he's a tiger, she's a tiger, we're all a tiger, boo
That's what we're targeting, friends like all black people do
But whiteies want to say it too, so they can sound real cool
Yo! I'm a tiger, you're a tiger, he's a tiger, she's a tiger, we're all a tiger, boo
Now the bigots have to find another word to use
It used to be real bad, but now it seems okay
When African Americans address themselves that way
Yo! I'm a tiger, you're a tiger, he's a tiger, she's a tiger, we're all a tiger, boo
No longer the vernacular voracial abuse, it used to be taboo
An asthy thing to say, but now it's band-eat all about my black folks every day
Yo! I'm a tiger, you're a tiger, he's a tiger, she's a tiger, we're all a tiger, boo
I'm a tiger, he's a tiger, she's a tiger, we're all a tiger, boo
Things that want to make some kind of sure all included too
It really does look better now, but everyone is now us
Yo! Yo! Yo! Yo!
Check it out. I'll be grandma's Husbuke
I'll be switching my save, playing with my record
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm, I'll be switching it
I got a reason.
Stop dancing, bitch.
Put the lotion in the back.
So this is a little unusual.
I didn't even expect to be here this morning because I'm ill in a little bit.
In other words, failing.
I'm dying on the hand.
Yeah, not really.
Scratchy throat.
I think this is allergies.
This happens to me so often.
Not an Amsterdam.
I'm always the pick-a-good health fix.
Except when I fall down and break my hand.
But other than that, I'm always in the pick-a-good health and Amsterdam.
But in Miami and in Toronto, it's allergies, baby.
Allergies.
Maybe it was that hockey game last night that kind of put me over the agenda.
It might have been in a minute.
Not really.
Not too good.
Another two to one loss and over time for the Leafs.
Tighted up with 20 seconds to go and then they wound up losing a night.
A vagnet effort.
And I'm glad it's over.
Get it over with already.
It's almost June for Christ's sake.
You know, before you know it, they'll be getting ready for fall practice.
It was great.
It was simulating.
It was wonderful.
There was no horn blowing.
There was no big celebration last night because whatever.
They lost.
That thing that Moe was talking about there at the end of the WNBA, that Dyke Ball.
I guess he's not aware of that, the fact.
And that's, I'm not making that up.
Remember when they first started that?
They're the ladies Dyke Ball.
Yes.
And they actually made an overt effort to invite lesbians to come out.
I think that's the first time in history of America that any sports franchise has overtly
said, hey, all you fags come on out and see it because, you know, who else is going
to watch that crap?
But Moe did have a good point.
That is that when there's five people on the floor, everybody's entitled to touch it.
At least once.
That's how they do the Treasure Island.
At least.
So Georgia's basically doing the show today.
Although I seem to be doing all the talking.
I don't know.
Right now.
Amazingly to me this.
And you can ask Miguel because while we were trying to get ahold of you on your crappy
cell phone.
Yeah.
For like 40 minutes this morning.
Sorry.
And Miguel came in here at about 725 and I was squeaking it out.
I could barely speak.
See, a lot of times you people out there in this audience, you think you have a cold
and you have the sniffles and the scratchy throat and maybe a little bit of flim, mung,
stuff like that.
And it's not a cold at all.
It's allergies, especially in San Flora.
San Flora, the headaches, the sinus allergies, you know, the ones that get you like right
up with the sinus headaches that go, oh, just a killer.
And here it's either Elm or Maple or one of those things.
They have on the weather network.
They keep showing the allergy report.
They have an index for that up there.
Yeah.
Then the suffering index, which is high today on my part.
But nevertheless, I sound like me right now.
And our good close friend, Julio, in engineering stopped by this morning and I got back down
on the floor again.
And there were only me.
There weren't five of us on the floor here.
Unfortunately.
And I was on the floor, diddling with it and the tellost thing too.
And look how great it sounds here.
It is.
It's as good as I think it does.
It sounds phenomenal.
We can hear everything that's wrong with your voice.
Very, very little fart.
You can almost smell it.
I don't like where you're having it.
Are you getting an esthetic?
Will you shut up?
All right.
See, now I can't really tell because now you're like all over the place.
I told you, you're going to do the show, but when I'm getting ready, okay.
I'll wait.
But what was I just going to say before?
I was so rudely interrupted by this stupid little spick.
Oh, yeah.
The line sounds great.
Unlike yesterday, see, we took one step at a time yesterday.
We got rid of that momentary delay.
So that basically now it's like we're in sync.
I hate to keep saying that.
But we don't have that crap anymore, but we have to keep saying what?
And also on top of that, now we have that little dropout has gone.
Great.
Great.
Right.
That twice.
No, because I was listening to Hank a little bit last night.
I think that's when I started getting ill, not because of Hank, but just at that time of the day.
I guess it was just before the game was getting ready to start.
And I was cracking out of the pressure and rightfully so.
So you don't hear no echo?
No.
Good.
I'm not worried.
No, I hear everything sound and just fine as wine and the main.
It's great.
So here's the results of yesterday's poll.
And I have today's poll all figured out, which is a good thing because George is very
weak on the old poll position.
Joe Castello left me a message yesterday, said thanks to all you people, I'd ripped them
and asked them to fix the machine.
And he pretends that it doesn't bother him, but we know that it does.
Am I right?
I don't think it bothers him.
He knows about the biz.
No, it bothers him.
Just like it bothers you.
Oh, a lot.
I'm tearing my flesh off right now.
So let's take a poll on that.
We're real quick.
Many poll who should do the show today and you'll who's sick and can barely speak or
George and really you have the advantage because one thing you don't seem to understand.
Yeah, and that is when I go away on these vacations or like for the summer, there's not only
a different number of people listening, but also different groups of people are listening.
If you say so.
No, I know so.
All right.
I'm talking entirely, but there are people who listen just like that one facts we had
yesterday, you know, about the interesting topics that George and Joe had and you're doing
that gay banter and all that other crap, you know.
And you have that other crowd.
And of course, in the meantime, after a couple of days, they realize that I'm back, they
go on a separate way.
They go over and listen to the light bulb or whatever they're doing.
Listen to Norm can't talk about HIV insurance.
And then we have my people who, you know, eventually will come back once they feel the
coast is clear and that nasty little spick as some people refer to him.
He's not doing the show himself or especially Joe.
Well, I know what I'm voting for on what on this mini poll that you say you're going to
take.
I'm not taking any mini poll.
Are you out of your mind?
Had me going.
Which of these phrases or expressions are the most, and they'll see this is not right.
Eric, you're a good guy, Eric, but sometimes the fact gets in a way of the keyboard.
Not which of these phrases or expressions are the most redundant since they can only vote
for one.
Wouldn't you assume that it should have said is the most redundant?
You're correct.
That's a common.
I'll tell you there's nothing like Ricola.
And I would sing that little thing that that you would like.
Ricola, I would sing that, but I'm my voice doctor's grant you.
And I got the sugar free no less.
And the good thing about Ricola, unlike calls mental lip this and all those other things
that you have to suck on.
The sugar free ones in all those other brands they have like a serratol and multital and
crap at all without your bottom.
But this one does not.
Ricola no sugar added.
This is a conature green tea swiss herb cough drops.
And I'm sucking on swiss herb right now as a matter of fact.
And it's helped dramatically also that benedrial that I popped from my allergies.
So if I'm not off here in the middle of the show with you because George is mumbling
again or because the benedrial just kicked it.
No, you can ask me.
I had no intention of being here.
I know that's what he said when I when I came in.
You're doing this.
I was frantically trying to get a hold of your cell phone which George hides deep under
the balls.
It is in the briefcase wrapped in a towel.
Yeah, just to make sure we can't hear it just in case something like this comes up.
But George is going to do the show or maybe not.
We'll see.
See how hostile the audience gets.
Fact for George Pemble on take a lot of calls.
Right.
Can we take one call here right now?
Just as an audio test because the one that we took yesterday when we eliminated that
momentary delay man, that sounded phenomenal.
So I'm hoping in whatever way we changed today with Julio.
I'm hoping that doesn't screw that up.
Somebody just call into an audio test on it.
Come on, let's go.
There it is.
5 6 7.
You got the at that pot open Miguel.
Yes, sir.
Open up that pot and sift out those seeds first.
WQ I am.
George, fuck.
Okay, thank you.
That's not a pretty good in it.
Clear the belt.
I think I might have it or relapsed.
Oi.
What's in these phrases?
See I don't need any assistance on those.
Oh, sorry.
No, I said do the show, but that doesn't mean drop in crap.
I'm starting to think that Mo has got a point about you.
By the way, Mo, I hate to break the news to you, but well, I'm not going to say.
He shouldn't be talking about you when you're in the other studio there and you're looking
at him.
That's not good style.
He shouldn't be saying what's that dumb little spict doing in there now?
You know, things like that.
He shouldn't be doing that because now that Mo and I are bonding, you know, it's a nice
promo he gave me this morning, there at the end.
Sure did.
Thanks, Mo.
I think Mo eventually, if you know, if this lasts long enough, I think you'll finally catch
on.
Don't you?
No.
Yes, you do.
You just take it personal.
And by the way, Mo, George never said those things about your plant pants or about your
bad wig.
I just made those up and he took it all personal.
It's just business and you were taking it personal, Mo, lighting up a little bit.
Maybe he can show up this is it this Wednesday and well today is Wednesday.
You're not doing it.
I guess you would have already told next week.
Next week is Trezure.
We'll let him a whole week to a planet out and see if there are five on the floor.
They each get to touch it.
Which of these phrases or expressions is the most redundant?
We asked cheap old Jew, which of course is the first one came to my mind.
Winds hands down 172.
cheap old Jew.
Oi!
George had all of his anti-Semitic friends vote for that.
Dumb Redneck.
That was my choice.
135, which I still think.
Oh, I didn't even mention the reason that I played that thing speaking of dumb red necks
about in my country.
There are no Negroes.
No, you never did.
James Carville on CNN last night on Crossfire, which I hate that.
I hated it before.
But I was a channel surfing in between Leif's futility and trying to score a goal.
And he was quoting the president of Brazil, well, the president, George W during his European
travels at some international conference.
The president of Brazil was there.
And GW goes over it.
And mother Tucker Carlson never denied this.
So must have been true.
He goes over to the president of Brazil and engages him in some kind of meaningless chatter.
And he says, by the way, in your country, are there any black people in Brazil?
And James Carville points out in accurately so that Brazil has the greatest number of black
people in other than any other country other than Africa.
And he showed a picture of Paley, the former great soccer player who, like James Carville
pointed out, looked pretty de got named black to us.
So there's your president for you.
Are there any black people in Brazil he wants to know?
The only thing that James Carville left out was to reply.
It might come to be have no Negroes.
Right.
Dumb Redneck 135, boring baseball game 103, Pettophile priest 82.
Now this is for redundancy.
We're trying to explain this to you for a lot of people that don't get that.
Pettophile priest 82, cheap French Canadian 79 did very well.
Schwarzer Crackadak 48, Jew Hating Erum 45, hysterical old Julio 39, which I would have
really thought we'd had a hell of a lot more for that.
I did it.
But that's because your people are out there in mine are back yet.
Oh, I say so.
All the silly, great 12 and rude Dutchman only had four.
I'll still be.
So there you go.
That means that not enough of you've been an Amsterdam yet.
Our good friend Julio, the engineer is campaigning vigorously to be the one to go to Amsterdam
to set up the equipment over there.
I think that's a great idea.
Not just because he's a fun love and guy and likes a good meal or three every couple
of hours, but because based on the way he's got this thing all straight now for us
and working really sound great, I think it's a great idea.
Don't you?
Of course I do.
Well, that's because you don't like Bob or Mooth.
I'm 13 at 5.60 QAM.
Hey, speaking of amazing places, the goal.
Let me tell you again, Armadillo Cafe, if you haven't checked it out.
And I don't know why because it's been around for a very long time.
Almost as long as I've been in town.
And they started in that little unassuming place on Davy Road extension there in Davy.
And you drive by and you think, hey, I hear it's really a great place, but it looks like
you know, not much.
But in spite of that, it just became more and more famous and more popular because the
food was so good that people would come from all over town to the Armadillo Cafe.
And now in a great new location, there's no excuse.
There were 3,400 South University Drive between 595 and Griffin Road in Davy, right Kitty
Corner of the Pizza Lotter, right PN Pier, what imports.
So it's a great location, tons and tons of free parking.
They got complimentary valley parking if you like too.
And the food is unmatchable.
Start out with an appetizer like the Tequila grilled shrimp with corn cakes or the
Tempura Island Princess Conk.
Try one of their terrific spinach salads with glazed pecans or the pistachio-crusted
mozzarella salad with the best infrescency ingredients that money can buy.
And while you're at the Armadillo, some of the entrees you'll want to try like the pan-seared
yellowtail snapper with roasted peppers or the sea bass with sweet corn and the veal
glaze, just tons and tons of amazing mouthwatering entrees on the menu.
And then for dessert, it is beyond belief.
The cranberry laze, the best you'll have anywhere in the world.
And the warm chocolate fritters cover with hot fudge.
I'm sure are just as good.
I never had that and believe me, I probably better not.
Call the Armadillo Cafe for reservations, call 954-423-9954.
Try Armadillo Cafe one time you'll understand why for 14 years in a roll, it's been voted
one of the best restaurants in Broward County.
It's smoke free and like I said, tons of people are too.
Armadillo Cafe, be sure to...
No portion of this program will be reproduced without the express written permission of WPLN
BZ Broadcast Group Incorporated.
I, Baba Wampalu.
I'm Tom Rocca, tonight on the NBC Nightly News, the Reverend Thomas Corrie.
Randall drew four years in the clink due to penance for distributing methamphetamines
and ecstasy from his Florida rectory.
The Pope was said to be relieved he was only dealing drugs.
I'm Tom Rocca, and we'll see you tonight.
You sure won't be seeing me, I'll guarantee you that.
Anyway, that's the big news yesterday to show you how desperate things are.
Rand widens the succeed Broca in 2004.
Not like later this year, not even next year, but after the presidential elections in 2004,
meaning in November, so that's like two years, over two years away.
So like that's a big bulletin, and we all knew they were grooming Brian Williams to be a successor.
Anyway, did we know that?
I didn't know that.
Yes, you did.
Just like they're grooming John Roberts to be Dan Rath's replacement at CBS.
You knew that.
No.
Brian Williams will succeed.
How come I can't read?
I definitely cannot read.
I can't do spots.
That's why you're hearing tape spots, because I can barely speak.
But, you know, that's why it goes.
I remember one time I came back from vacation and I worked one day, this is only a couple of years ago.
I worked one day in the next day, this allergy thing, which I think really comes from the plane.
I don't think it's from up here.
I think you get it on the plane, the bad air you're inhaling.
Right.
And I was out three days in New Rome.
In other words, I came back and I worked on a Monday.
No, maybe it was a Tuesday, like this last set up deal.
Like we had a holiday on a Monday.
I worked on Tuesday and it was out for the next three days.
I remember that.
Yeah.
I don't think it was that long ago though.
Well, whatever the hell it was in the last year.
That happens to me.
I think it's from traveling on those planes where they have the crappy air.
Crapie air on the planes.
Anyway, Brian Williams is going to be doing the news in NBC and of course they have to give them those two years to work on his speech defect.
So that the public won't notice the difference so dramatically.
I mean, is there any comparison between Brian Williams and Tom Broca in terms of a news deliverer?
No.
No.
Tom Broca has got a speech defect that makes Barbara Walters sound almost normal.
That's how bad his speech defect is.
It's not a joke.
He can't speak.
How does he get there?
How does he get a job?
Naked pictures, I say.
No question about it.
Broca's 62 in chief anchor man and there are a lot of you people on this audience watch Tom Broca.
So that's the poll today.
And we haven't done this before.
Somebody's going to say you just got through doing this a few months ago.
No, we didn't.
The poll we did a few months ago.
What was your all time favorite news person on TV?
We had like water, concoit and Ricky Tiki, Sanchez and David Brinkley and Chad Hally, all of the allos of people.
Some of whom we even are dead.
HV Keltenborn?
Never him?
Nope.
Nope.
No.
Who is your favorite current network news anchor?
Now Rick Sanchez by the way, and I mentioned him because I know a lot of you people like picking on poor little Rick.
Who doesn't even come up to your ankle?
He's not a news anchor.
What are you saying?
He's a show boat.
No, but seriously, he's not a news anchor.
I think you could probably say he's an asshole.
Well, beside that, he's not a news anchor.
So here's my list and maybe some others, maybe some people calling.
I don't know.
Maybe I'll take a call or two here.
Of course, George is doing the show.
Sort of.
Eventually.
No, you'll, I look, I'm going to run out of gas and I don't want to talk too much because then I'll be out the rest of the week.
Oh, no, don't know.
Which would be very bad to do.
Then rather, Tom Broca, Peter Jennings, Brian Williams, John Roberts, Wolf Blitzer, or don't watch any of them.
Those are the ones I got so far.
There are any other news anchors.
Now Fox doesn't have any news anchors.
Yeah, we counted Fox CNN.
But who is who is who's a news anchor on Fox that anybody knows?
I don't want to know.
Those people like who the hell are some of those people?
Well, first of all, Bill O'Reilly, he's not a news person.
He's and the same with John.
What's the asshole from the OJ thing with a glasses?
John Gibson.
John Gibson.
He's not a news person because they don't really do news.
What they do is they do like little news updates like we do the silly sports updates on QM.
They do the same thing with the news.
They don't they don't have like a regular nightly newscast.
So they don't have anybody who qualifies.
Although they are very good cartoon characters, especially we really caused me.
And then the black hair bitch.
It's on there on the weekend who looks like we just illegitimate sister.
Can't buy less than anybody out.
Not that I can think of.
I mean, Wolf Blitzkrieg, I put as a news anchor because he does actually anchor in news segment.
I guess we could put Judy Woodruff on there for Christ's sakes.
Okay.
That bitch has always pedaling her with a board of sheep.
Yeah, let's put that bitch on there, Judy.
Oh, and by the way, speaking of bitches on a year and Fox, I'm going to tell you something.
As bad as Greta looked before and I admitted I was watching Fox in the Amsterdam because CNN international blows.
Greta's nose now is as big as some some countries in the Asia.
Yeah, I'm serious.
She has got the manliest looking face now with a grotesque new nose.
And even though she looked like crap before, the idea that mad dog or anybody else who is not visually impaired can say that she's anything other than gruesome and really dyke-looking.
Just astonishes the hell out of me.
She's grotesque.
He doesn't like her anymore.
He came around.
And not only she grotesque, but her she's so amateur hour.
I mean, keep in mind this is a former Walla she had a fence attorney or prosecutor.
What one of those?
One of those.
Sometime from the legal system who also came out of that OJ episode along with John Gibson and about 400 other people.
I'll and guess who was also on again last night during my channel surfing the guy with a mustache mark.
What else is named?
Gordino.
Gord something like that.
Some grease ball with a bad mustache.
You know the one that's the Gary Kandit lawyer.
Oh, that guy.
Yeah.
That's the whole by the way Eric in case you're waiting for more.
I think that's it.
Because I don't see anybody calling in with any other suggestions.
We're not talking about local news anchors.
We're talking about which who is your favorite current network news anchor?
Dan Bradley, Tom Broca, Peter Jennings, Brian Williams, John Roberts, Wolf Blitzer, Judy Woodruff or don't watch any of them.
And I think that I can't think of anybody else as a real news anchor.
No, you covered everything I got.
I covered it with a blanket.
So there you go.
There your choices.
Not very exciting.
But it's timely.
See if we can't be exciting on the show.
Let's at least be timely.
Let's talk about speaking of Shandra.
The one thing that they did discover beside the fact that she was murdered.
That was quite a revelation we had yesterday from that Washington DC medical examiner.
She was murdered.
She didn't tire herself all up and not sinned rolled down the hill into a tree.
But they did discover that her body was intentionally.
Somebody took great pains to hide her body where it wouldn't be found.
Right, and evidently did a pretty good job because when they combed the park the first time, they couldn't find her.
And then of course it was the guy was out walking his dog and the dog smelt it.
And the guy went over and he looked under the broad brush, he brought bush, and there she was.
What was left of her?
So that more and more it appears that Gary Konda was not involved.
In spite of that brought from court TV that they had on her screaming with the Kondits lawyer last night.
Now see this is all regular cast the characters.
I mean before 9-11 that that was going on every single night on every one of those shows, especially the Kingmeister.
Every night.
Uh huh.
Same cast of misfits.
And this woman who just helped bent and like I said yesterday we do want Gary Konda to be guilty.
Is there anybody out there who wants Gary Konda to have nothing to do with it?
No.
No.
In fact I think even his family in some perverse way would like to see him be involved.
Not his professional apologist son.
May I well maybe his son did it.
I didn't say that he did.
I said maybe his son did it.
I'm not sitting here making any accusations.
There would be like my sitting here saying you know like Dom Delewese's gay.
You know I don't I don't do those kinds of things on this program.
I don't say Dom Delewese's gay or Mike Piazza's gay or Roberto Alamore's gay or um...
Who's the other one?
Brady Anderson is gay.
I don't say those things.
Or Camneli is gay.
I don't I would come on here and say those things.
I say maybe uh could be like Harry Carey used to say it might be it could be and then you figure it out.
So when are you going to start doing the show already?
Hey you tell me.
I'll take over right now.
We got all these calls on the board.
You do?
Oh there's two of them.
Oh well I don't want to I don't want to step on your call.
Yeah call George.
He'll talk to you because quite frankly.
926 at 560 WQAM.
Hey you think it's a painting your home or business?
Don't paint.
Protect your investment with liquid ceramic.
Liquid ceramic the technology board in NASA space program is now available in South Florida.
That's a good news for you.
Liquid ceramic is the most advanced exterior interior and roof coating available.
Because you too can have the very same high tech ceramic technology that shields the space shuttle.
Protecting your home or your building and you'll ever have to paint again.
Let me say it again.
Liquid ceramics guaranteed for as long as you own your home or building you'll never have to paint again.
Forget about doing that.
Repainting every few years because liquid ceramic won't fade or won't peel its guaranteed.
The state of the art coding contains an R24 insulation equivalency helping you bring those electric pills down to.
It'd be available at over 1800 different colors.
Check them out at 305-347-5122.
Liquid ceramics been manufactured and sold for over 40 years and the good news for uses now.
It's available right there in South Florida.
Call 305-347-5122.
That's 305-347-5122 or visit them on the net at liquid ceramic.tv.
And be sure to...
...my heart's beating so bad that I can't believe it.
We put a retarded girl in our all-newish It's a beachy to show you how well it drives.
We're going to see the water.
We're going to see the water.
We're going to see the water.
Our agency thought this would move some product out of the showroom.
We're going to see the water.
Look at her gal.
This is funnier than watching retards at the park.
We're going to see the water.
We're going to see the water.
If someone had severely retarded, he can have that much fun and end of his days.
She's not retarded!
She's having enough one thing to do!
Watch out for this.
Okay, let's go to the regga show.
Are you done?
Are you out of there?
I'm not done.
I'll be talking about it.
You just can't control yourself.
I was pausing there because I wanted to hear the last hump cap drop.
He was eager.
I just wanted to ask you about this Brit Hume thing before you left.
And also Miguel has a Paulazon question.
Well, Paulazon is not a news anchor.
Okay, that's number one.
That was my first.
Number two, Brit Hume.
I don't think it.
But I'll put it on here because we mentioned it yesterday.
It is an old prune face and old fossil.
And definitely a cartoon character.
So if it's in perfected fox.
It says Brit Hume formerly a baby.
See, this is a fax we just got.
It is the anchor for Fox News Channel.
Okay, we'll take your word for it.
Have you ever seen those two clowns that they have on a guy in the broad in the morning?
I don't think so.
Oh my god.
Well, actually, there are three of them.
And it's kind of like that chick that's on CNN real early in the morning before Paul comes on.
Who looks pretty damn good.
She's good looking, but she's a silly person.
She's reporting stories on people dying and suicide bombings and all kinds of crap.
And she's giggling and peeping kind of like a lighter, a lighter, complexed angel array.
That same mentality, huh?
Brit Hume will put them on there.
Okay, there you go. Brit Hume Hume Hume Hume.
Let's get with it, Eric.
I see Eric is diddled with that pull.
So it says which news anchor question mark?
Well, he's getting around to it.
Well, you got what we just going to do.
You're going to do the show because see the problem with me today is I am.
And I don't why should feel like this with as few vacations as I get.
Right.
Why should I feel guilty about going back to bed?
Because when you get this scratch in the throat, now I don't know about you.
Especially if you had to do the show if they're like, I'm on the way for the summer.
Right.
And all of a sudden you start getting the scratch in the throat.
Do you like talk to yourself because I do that all the time?
Like before the show or just in general?
No, no, I'm just talking about in general.
In other words, to see how bad your voice is.
Oh, yeah, no, starting from the time you get up like in the shower.
Right. And you're talking to yourself to see if you're going to like your jack then if you can speak.
Ah.
And this morning I could barely speak at all because I have these allergies or the crud from the plane trip coming back or whatever the hell it is.
Or maybe my, you know, anti-work allergy which kicks in very heavy duty.
Or maybe the anticipation of coming back to Miami for a few days very soon which really just sends me into orbit a thought worse than death itself.
Just wait.
All of these things.
So at any rate, but I at least will be able to come back to under and bond with Mo and a lot of my other good friends in the building.
I can't think of anybody other than screw in in the water Nazi and Maddie Bell and Gary Sarner.
I'm just thinking of the people in the building I really don't want to see it like ever again.
And I did see that I mentioned this on here.
I don't think so.
I told it to you off the earth.
I saw Gary Sarner's twin brother and Amsterdam.
You did say that off the earth off the earth.
I saw him a couple of times right under in the red light district walking around.
He was a choimin, I think.
I heard him talking to somebody.
Ah, do liver.
They said no, we don't deliver, but we have takeout.
Not sure if the guy looks just like Gary Sarner.
Of course, nobody in our audience has any idea not only what Gary Sarner looks like, but what he's all about.
Besides being a fanatic orthodox juicing, he married into that mentality.
See, that bothers me.
Not just the religious nuts, but people who aren't really religious at all.
But then because they want to get laid or whatever, you know, they go along with anything.
You're not thinking about Rick Riley, are you?
Yeah, there's another good example.
And how about Bud Paxen, buddy Bud, who found the right?
In his former row, what that was her name?
Peaches?
Well, that's what we were calling her.
Well, she was a former stripper who became a born again Christian.
He did my show like Poison, by the way.
He did my show like Poison, by the way.
He did my show like Poison, by the way.
He did my show like Poison, by the way.
He did my show like Poison, by the way.
He did my show like Poison, by the way.
He did my show like Poison, by the way.
Let's give it up for our headliner, Peaches Paxen.
Everybody!
If you are a business who's just for you, or the guy, now grab that.
Let's give us some dollars, Yelvice.
She doesn't work for nothing.
Give them up.
You want to see her go for the $1.
What?
Yeah, buddy!
How about that?
How about one of you young Republicans getting up there laying face up on the stage
with a salary between your teeth?
That's right.
There you go.
She's going now!
And now!
Yeah, buddy!
Who was it?
Help Olen!
Peaches Paxen!
So today they're going to be revamping the announcing, revamping the FBI.
You did see that, of course.
Yes, I did.
And this is all part of the dog and pony show that continues,
kind of covering their ass, scrambling around to try to get their,
at least pretend that they have their act together.
And I didn't want to read that whole newsweek piece yesterday,
which went on for about 600 pages,
about the scrubs with the FBI and the memo, the Phoenix memo and all the other stuff,
about the 9-1-1.
But the fact of the matter is you do realize who it was that insisted that the FBI divert.
You didn't want to take any extra funds or any extra manpower and divert it to terrorism.
This is before 9-11.
He wanted it all going to enforcement of drug laws and all these things.
You know the usual right-wing crap.
John Ascroft, our great attorney general.
No, you're lying.
Yeah, right.
John Ascroft, he said, oh no, we don't want to waste our time with terrorism when we got important thing
like people would pin joint in the ranch trade.
We better continue with it.
Now, today all of a sudden, they're magnificent turnaround.
They're saying, oh, well, we're not going to like spend enough of a lot of energy on that in the FBI.
We'll leave that to your local police.
Like the ones over on the beach this weekend during that spook fest they had on the beach, right?
And they were like a bus and guys for a pin joint stuff like that.
We'll leave it to the local police, give them something to do.
But the FBI, we got important fish to fry.
You know what that reminds me of fish?
No, it reminds me of those potluck suppers.
Oh, I don't know what made me think.
I was thinking about that over the weekend.
I guess on the plane coming back, your mind wanders and thinking of the inane things that have gone on in South Florida over the years.
You've gone to potluck suppers?
No, I have not gone to potluck suppers.
But don't you remember all the ones that people were trying to have like Bob Coons and all the other flag-weighting people exploiting the alien, the divisive hateful, sick chapter
that we were, oh, we should, would that be great to bring that back again?
No, no, thank you.
Let's have A Leon like alternate days with Sean Run, now that we found the body.
Oh, guess who else was on last night along with the Mustacheu lawyer for Mark, whatever's name is?
Gabardine.
Oh, Henry Lee.
You know, the great forensic guy, the great forensic chink, Dr. Henry Lee, who was also big during OJ, who never was asked,
never requested an interview that he would decline.
He has nothing to say.
Why, this is a very tough one. This is a tough one, yeah.
You might have a gruel with that. You know, he's got nothing to say at all.
In fact, my good friend Richard over there at Emelcoast is probably embarrassed that he put Niskaya on here, you know.
I'm sure they could come up with better chinks than Henry Lee to put on here to say something that might be of some significance to somebody.
He just can't do it.
Crowded attacks and kills New Orleans teen. I'm not going to read any stuff today because I have no voice, but I got to read this one.
And the bad news is George wasn't able to find the new inquirer.
I'm out of sorts.
You know what, I'll have to wait two months for it to show up on all the old racks in town.
It goes to show you that South Florida is really in the Stone Age.
Not only did they not have that story about the dirty dancing at the high school proms, which everybody and their brother, I saw it in Amsterdam and Europe on Fox.
Bill already did an extensive song and a dance about that.
They showed those videos over and over. They exploited it for every drop that get out of it. It was pretty good.
Not only did Niskaya, I can't find anyone who saw it.
But I bought the inquirer on Sunday right here in Toronto, the one that brand new in the June 4th that's got the Cleveland and Harris to grow test Columbine pictures.
Just gratuitously on the front page and then again later on inside in case you forgot what they looked like.
And it's also got that phenomenal picture of Brittany and the story would just in Tinkerbell getting back together that I read yesterday.
And the only reason George wanted to go out and get it is because he wants to see that picture and see if I'm believe me.
You will not be disappointed.
I trust you. You've got credibility there.
Trust me when I tell you she looks in that picture good enough to just put like a chocolate.
It's a hot fudge right on her forehead and like about a gallon of whipped cream and a big cherry right on top.
Although in her case the cherry would have to be right on top because it would be the only one you'll find there based on those stories that they're saying about her in Justin's Tinkerbell.
That's that's very sad.
Well, almost it's almost in the same category with Julia Roberts and Lyle I love it but not quite.
Did you understand that at all?
No, there must be more there than meets the eye.
Even even if you're not a big Julia Roberts fan and I realize that she doesn't do it for everybody.
There are a lot of people who don't like her acting don't like the way she looks.
She's got a crappy attitude.
Whatever.
But the fact of the matter is she's a by any standard of fairly attractive very very famous popular young lady.
Okay.
Julia Roberts.
Whose brother's an asshole by the way.
What's his name?
Eric.
Oh.
Eric.
There's something strange about that dude.
941 at 560 WQAM.
Balance for life.
We know what that means.
It means great results on losing weight and feeling better too.
This is the new weight loss gourmet meal delivery service here in South Florida that really works.
They bring a three great meals right to your door gourmet meals and two delicious snacks every day.
You don't have to worry about shopping.
You don't have to worry about calorie counting.
You don't have to worry about balancing this or that or figuring out to any portions because it's all portioned out right for you there in front of your face.
Now they recently surveyed their current clients to see the kind of results they're getting.
7th tense of a pound per day weight loss was the average.
That's an estimated average of 20 pounds for a 31 day cycle which is almost unbelievable.
Let me say it again.
No cooking, no shopping, no calorie counting.
Just delicious food delivered right to your door at home at your work wherever you're going to be.
And right now be sure and check out the new online service.
You will put your personal information.
They develop you your own website which automatically generates meal plan, shopping list, recipes, work out schedules and tons more based on your needs.
You track your results online.
So it's comprehensive easy to use program around for just a fraction of the cost.
Check it out now at www.balanceforlife.com and click on the personal nutrition page.
That's www.balanceforlife.com and just click on personal nutrition or give them a call 954-568-3229.
954-568-3229.
Check out Balance For Life. You'll start seeing serious results.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
This is a very serious result.
Thanks by the way Greg.
Dan Rathers got five votes.
Your favorite current network news anchor.
Of course this is very timely because Brian Williams is going to be replacing Tom Bokja on NBC in 2004 after the presidential elections.
The Green one.
Wow.
The Green one.
Dan Rathers got five.
I don't watch any of them five.
Peter Jennings four.
Brian Williams appear.
John Roberts one.
Wolf Blitzkrieg.
Judy Woodruff.
Brett Hume and Tom Bokja among me four of them.
They have the big O-Nun.
Well we only got 17 votes.
I think I just went up there a few minutes ago.
Here's the fact this is I don't know if you heard this already or not.
I'll be forget to the facts.
I don't want to be depressing but you know if you really are honest with yourself.
Maybe not you don't want to express it publicly.
But when you saw those pictures of El Presidente and the Pope.
You know where I'm going with this?
I know where I'm going with this.
I mean what's the hope for the human race?
Seriously when you come right down to it.
We got Indian Pakistan.
A bunch of crazy people in the Indians are getting nothing to lose because he's 180 years old.
And they're on the verge of nuclear.
On the precipice of nuclear conflict.
And then you got the crazy people in the middle east who can't stop killing each other.
And we got the Pope and the President.
A match made in heaven.
And the Pope cannot he just can't lift it up and his head either.
He just can't he just hunched around and keeps looking straight down at the ground.
You know, senoeval and the no no evil.
And of course the President has got that bewildered look.
And you notice how out of he was uncomfortable.
Yeah. And then of course he made the Pope uncomfortable because the church said,
we don't want you to ask no questions about anything embarrassing like the saxophones scandal.
We don't want to talk about something. And then of course he brings it up.
Of course. And the thing that's really embarrassing is the fact that he makes the comment that where he's very concerned about the state of the Catholic church in the US.
Now, obviously he's doing that to pander for votes like all the candidates do.
But what business is it of any president to be concerned about the state of the Catholic church, the seventh they had venest, the Jews, the...
You see what I'm saying?
And it's only inappropriate.
Right. They're not supposed to be supporting or endorsing any of it.
Right.
But of course for centuries now the Catholic church has placed itself above all the others.
We're more important. And therefore the Pope when he speaks, everybody listens.
Just like the used to listen when Merrill Lynch said something but of course they don't need more because they know they're full of crap.
Who was it that those did those spots not Merrill Lynch?
Who wasn't when so and so speaks?
I don't know who did the spots but I remember.
You know the one that I'm talking about.
Well nobody's listening anymore because they know it's all a fraud. They got any brains at all.
In fact look at that. The markets are on a way down again today.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Now that I'm out of it.
And that would be my suggestion. Not that I know anything about it but that would be my best suggestion.
Anybody out there who wants to have a few shackles left at the end of the day.
When in doubt, take it out.
Put it in something.
Put it under your mattress.
Here's the facts.
Neil, I don't know if you heard this or in. I'm running out of voice.
So I think after this or it's your show.
Okay. Well wasn't that a good idea?
Yeah, no. I like it.
Get it out of the way. Do one hour.
At least show my presence.
I'm here. I've signed in. I've put my hand up in here.
Present and accounted for it. I'm just going to lay out.
I'll pop another Bennett reel and go pass out.
The facts is Neil. I don't know if you heard this already or not.
But there should be a surprise awaiting you after your summer vacation assuming you come back here at all.
They're opening a crystal on the northwest corner of sunrise and the power line.
It says it's moolly town.
Now that's that's a terrible thing to say.
Oh, that's true.
It's moolly town.
So I might have hooded at night.
Well, that's kind of like Wayne Arnels.
That's certainly in moolly town at northwest 7th Avenue.
125th Street. That's definitely dark town.
But in the day time you're safe.
You're very close to I-95.
Her quick getaway.
Now sunrise and power line.
What about it?
I don't even know where that is.
I know Atlantic and power line. That's Poppano Park.
Well, go east from there.
No, go south from there.
Oh, well, like I said.
Anyway, it says maybe you want to avoid it tonight.
It'll be awesome to grab a sack full during the day.
I know you like to grab a sack full. Yes, I do.
First, today can shake now this. Maybe there's hope for south food after all.
No. PS, Joe and George are good combos.
Is whatever somebody didn't rip Joe and ask.
George liked it because it took the heat off of him this time.
First, they got to pick on Joe and rip him an ass.
And the good news is Joe's not listening out because he's in the sack.
No question about that because he worked last night till 6 this morning.
Yes.
Unless, of course, he's just a masochist and he wants to continue hearing the cost of comments that are coming in from the audience about his performance.
Well, maybe he's taping it.
Probably. A crowded children and tea.
I'm just about done. I'm out of voice.
A crowded children and teenagers attacked and killed a 16-year-old in front of home Saturday in Norlands.
Vinicius Smith was apparently killed in neighborhood feuds at Sergeant Paul, a car to a New Orleans police spokesman.
He said two girls ages 12 and 14 were booked as juveniles on second to re-murder charges.
Police were looking for more boys and girls. He said as are probably most of the priest to our left.
That's the American fucking way.
Seven to ten people attacked Smith and one stabbed her with a steak knife.
A car to a said, witnesses said the 12-year-old and the 14-year-old's rented moments later according to a car to a car.
How do you like that?
Little kids murdering other kids.
It's becoming commonplace.
Like mom and Chevy and guns and apple pie.
Only this was a steak knife.
And I don't want this is probably going to be a very poor taste.
I don't mean to say it this way.
But when I read the thing about the steak knife, you know what it made me think about?
Steak and shake.
No.
Ruth's Chris.
Close.
Smith and Wolinski.
Oh, those really wonderful, beautiful steak knives that they got out with that.
Who's at home somewhere?
Beautiful knives.
The food was crap.
The food was absolute swill.
My little dog wouldn't even sniff the food they brought that day.
The shrimp was good.
The steaks sucked.
Absolutely grotesque.
In fact, everything that I had was really bad.
It's a shame, too, because we wanted to put on a big dog in pony show for us and impress us.
And just to be nice, they left me all those big beautiful steak knives.
Very expensive, too.
I'm sure.
A whole set in a box.
And they left and then I ripped them in ass.
I'm not going to go on here in life for them.
Were they a sponsor?
No.
And even if they were a sponsor, I probably would have to lie a little bit.
I wouldn't have been quite so caustic.
I would have said, you know, it was interesting.
But the fact of the matter is, my meal sucked.
It was pure garbage.
It didn't, uh, no.
In fact, in fact, now that we mentioned that thing about crystal, I'd rather go to crystal.
Because even though it's not good for you with those little steamy buns,
oh, that's right.
I forgot a little caboose, too.
I shouldn't have done that thing about crystal.
You know what?
PD Lenny will get all ballistic now.
I'll go nuts.
Little caboose is, uh, what's their address?
I don't know.
Ah, I guess I better look in a copy, isn't it?
Cypress Creek Road?
I really can't say.
Let me take a look.
So I think I just did something bad.
And I'm sure that the...
Well, isn't that bad?
Well, that's one of our finds sponsors.
Of course.
And we enjoy them, that the Harley appearances, when we go there.
You enjoy what?
The little caboose burgers, PD brings food from there.
Well, the Harley Davidson appearances, Fort Lauderdale.
On the power line road, just off the hills, broader and dearfuel.
That's up the road, at peace.
But they are on power line.
So I don't think we're going to be promoting crystal very much.
No.
I think I'm done.
My voice is done.
I'm doing my Ricola here very good.
I'm very proud of myself for doing now.
So how did this...
Were we getting any cutouts technically or not?
Not a wand.
And you sound clear as a bell.
Let's hear it for Julio, man.
Let's hear it for Fat Julio.
Let's hear it for Fat Julio, because like I've always said,
the fat people are...
The dead people.
The good people.
956 at 560.
5.
UAM.
Hey, speaking of that, speaking of Schwitz in your brains out,
how about cooling off with some great champion lights?
Sounds good to me.
That's right.
Because man, the other sports drinks out there don't even come close.
They don't hold a candle to champion light, because they're full of crap.
Champion lights got nothing in there but good stuff like all the electrolytes you need after workout.
All the other sports drinks, whether it's gatorade, all the others,
forget about them.
They're passe, because they're loaded with sugar, and therefore with calories and carbohydrates,
and all kinds of crap.
Some of them even have stuff that'll make you sit on it and be a squatter all day.
Not champion light.
It's got no carbs, no caffeine, no calories, no sugar, no nothing but great taste.
In fact, now it's available in six different delicious flavors, and believe me,
if you tried it like a few months ago, you're going to like it even better now,
because the flavors are all like juiced up, like the mad dog, they're juiced up right now.
You got orange lemon lime, grape, fruit punch, and the new flavors lemonade and blue raspberry,
and man, they are delicious.
In fact, when I get back from vacation, I expect it to be cases and cases expected to be a schmitt load,
a champion light weight in for me.
But there was a thing I sure hope so.
Or if you want to find the story nearest to you that carries it, if you actually want to spend some money in buy it,
which is a damn smart idea, check out Champion Light.
Mark Channel, where great stories come to life.
Send me a Roger Show on 516th of UQAF, Miami Fort Lauderdale.
The uncut Wonder Boy of the Airways.
George.
God.
How could things be any worse?
I don't think so.
I'm working as a Sunday asking if I want to tell you.
Great audio, Brian.
I was so in love with thinking everything was just right.
I said I wanted to be his bride.
And I was already in love with him.
I was in love with him.
I was in love with him.
I was in love with him.
I was in love with him.
I was in love with him.
I was in love with him.
I was in love with him.
I was in love with him.
I was in love with him.
I was in love with him.
I was in love with him.
I was in love with him.
And we made a lot of mistakes.
Like a murder we'd get minds and yells who mamy cheesecake.
So we took good  the.
We cut everything down inside the box withduk-mak.
reading signs from the fairy enoughing.
And of course if I had a good memory I'd remember how bad that sounded.
Did he redo the audio on that?
Brian, did you redo the audio on that?
Boy I sure hope so.
Even though what?
He already called and said he redoed the audio on that?
No that was in me, didn't you, sir.
Sorry.
Oh I get it.
He have huttened by the way as the person that we were talking about, that Neil was talking
about about when somebody talks, when he huttened talks, somebody listens to carry on with that
because they're talking about that.
Take care of old business like this poll and I don't understand the results coming out
so far.
Right now we have 17 votes for, I don't watch any of them as far as network anchors go.
By the way Neil, we left your pot on so if you're on your way back from the bathroom
or puking or just I don't know popping another pill and you want to play a fart.
Feel free.
I don't watch any of them.
I'm 17.
Who doesn't watch any network news?
And I'll admit I don't watch a lot of it.
You know when you're doing the show you watch more of it than you would normally just
to stay up to date but just by chance, by osmosis, coincidentally, who avoids all network
news altogether.
Well do you watch it for the particular person?
No but that's not the question.
Who's your favorite current news anchor?
So there's everyone has a preference.
So you'll watch a news show because of the network, not the anchor.
I'll watch a news show for the news.
For the news but who has the best news?
Do you see what I'm saying?
And that's not the question.
So the guy delivering the news doesn't weigh in at all on you.
Well I get more than I'm talking about.
He's using him for an example.
Tom Broca with his speech defect.
I can't stand to watch him deliver the news.
I can't understand him.
They should have subtitles.
And especially during the entire...
Close caption.
Right, close caption.
If I wanted to read, I would buy a newspaper.
But anyway during the whole Bosnia thing, Yugoslavia thing and he was trying to read
some of those city names, forget about it.
He couldn't even come close.
I think he mumbles anyway even more so than I do.
Hey how you doing Clarence, we switched over.
So he mumbles even more than I do and I think he was mumbling on perfect.
Perfect.
What?
He was mumbling on purpose just so that he wouldn't have to know how to pronounce those
names.
And to boot it.
Hey I said it.
You didn't hear me?
I said it.
Don't question my authority.
I'm a big shot.
But Dan Rather is winning outside of that now just reloaded, updated 19 people don't
watch any of them which I don't understand that.
But Dan Rather who I voted for just because I like him and that has no weight.
And also he did this for us.
So anybody who did that on Letterman can't be all bad.
Anybody that gives you a job.
I don't mind Peter Jennings either.
Peter Jennings is fine.
He's just boring, non-descript but I don't need great personality in the news guy.
I just want to be able to understand them.
Obviously they're not writing those things.
They're not writing the news.
They're not the ones reporting it.
They're just reading it.
It's just being fed to them.
So I just want somebody who's articulate with his little melodrama is possible.
That's Dan Rather followed by Peter Jennings as far as I'm concerned.
Dan Rather 13 and second place behind now 21.
I don't watch any of them.
Brian Williams 11.
Tom Brokow, 10 Peter Jennings 9.
John Roberts, 2.
Judy Woodruff, 1 and 0 for Wolf Blitzer and Brit Hume.
And we will be taking calls.
The same situation.
Miguel will put you on hold because he doesn't want to talk to you.
One that talked to you.
And there's no reason for you to have to talk to them.
What are you going to do besides be distracted?
Get ahead.
When I decided that when, you know, screenless Neil invented that as far as, at least as far as I'm concerned because it's the first show that I was a full-time producer of.
Nobody else who I was a part-timer with ever had the balls, the nerve to go screenless.
And by screening I mean what other shows do.
What genuinely other shows do with all the questions, the 20 questions asking you this way in that way.
Sometimes hanging up on you and calling you back.
Getting your number and calling you back so that they know that you're not a crank.
You know the really cowardly things that talk show host, dude, hide behind their producers because they're afraid that somebody might say something to them.
He says no idea what you're talking about.
He looks good with those 3D glasses by the way.
How about that Sophie of Vigara?
That is the most popular tourist attraction inside this building by the way.
It is the 3D Sophie of Vigara poster that we have in that room.
Even people who don't know what this room is, they call it the Sophie of Vigara room because that's where the calendar in that poster is.
So they just come into ogle that.
So the screenless thing, obviously if you go just full on screenless then nobody knows what the hell's going on.
The phone rings the next thing you know you're on the air.
At least if you're on hold you know that.
You hear the show, you know that that's the show.
And presumably you know you're going to be on a show.
And you know what even if you don't, you're an idiot because those numbers that we give out, we give out to be on the show.
Anybody who's calling those numbers expecting to take care of any kind of business.
You're an idiot.
Sorry.
No offense.
Maybe.
You're an idiot.
We give those numbers out to talk to Colin talk right?
Well we played the Neil open which doesn't give the numbers because he's not taking calls it gives the facts machine.
But when we have a regular open, when we used to have a regular open, those numbers are given out to go on a show to talk to the host.
And people call up asking for taking care of business, asking for sales people.
What's the number to this sponsor which I wish we could give you but we can't don't make me start on that again.
So Miguel will put you in a whole plane.
Oh that good stuff.
Oh yeah.
Hey Neil was talking about something three weeks ago and Thursday I think.
And he was talking about this hotel in Amsterdam.
That's right next to the blue light, the red light district where they have that fountain that's shaped like a penis.
What was that?
And you know what?
It's not going to matter.
I could do this a hundred times a day talking about how those phones exist for people who want to be on the show.
And how we don't exist to help anyone here.
Our job in this building and right now is producing a radio show creating a radio show.
And it doesn't matter how many times I tell people that they're still going to call.
And it's the only time they call and it doesn't matter how many times I talk to my fellow producers about encouraging these people by helping them when they call the talk lines.
They're going to do their own show in the control room.
You know that control room that I'm not going to get into that.
So 560560 and date in Broward pound 560 on 18 to wireless 8777885.
6345. Stop it. Stop making me crack up and there here's the first crank of the day.
QAM hello. It's going to be the Raspberry Gauntlet 5.
Hey George.
Hey how are you?
I'm doing alright. Listen a couple quick things I just wanted to say.
You know I can have a great show and I'm getting ready to get out of this hellhole of a town a few weeks.
I'm going up north for about 10 to 11.
I can't wait to get out of here.
Up north there. Up north.
I'm going up Cleveland, Ohio.
Oh wow that's an improvement.
Yeah well people are so much nicer.
You know what they're like?
Because they're nicer everywhere else.
That's what I've come to realize on all the penny antitrips that I go to mostly to other states obviously is that people are nicer everywhere else.
Everywhere else but here.
That's for darn sure.
And what we're taking the scenic room.
We're taking the greyhound 32-wire.
It's going to be a long hard trip.
Hey I took I've taken seven bust trips between here in Montana and my lifetime.
So that's five day four night trip by the way.
So don't feel so bad.
Cleveland that's nothing.
But anyway at least I just want to say you know I like your show.
I'm sorry I'm hearing you have not feeling well and I have a seamless request.
Okay thank you very much.
We're not taking any requests today.
Did I say that?
Did Neil say that?
Did he say Neil's going to George is going to take care of the show.
Take the rest of the show because he's dying over there and he's going to take requests and sandbag and fake his way through like I did on Monday.
No.
Must have missed that part.
QAM hello.
Crankline.
Hello George.
Yes. Hi.
Hi.
Hey I love your show.
I just wanted to let you know.
I know you've got a lot of crap from people but uh...
Hey whatever. That's all part of the job.
You know if that's how you want to utilize the show is to uh...
flip me crap and take shots and be fine.
It's all the show.
Yeah. I understand.
Just want to let you know.
Listen a lot.
I had a fact over here that I wanted to fact the Neil but apparently he's...
Well I'm still fact the to Neil.
How's that?
You got something you want me to fact the Neil? We still take commercial breaks.
I'll fax him anything that's uh... dressed to him.
All right, sure.
And the uh...
The other thing was the other day yesterday I think I'm sorry to go back but I think I've been...
You've been so cold about an online pharmacy thing?
Yeah I checked it out. They don't have anything good.
They're nothing that I want anyway.
Oh I mean uh...
You know they don't have anything anybody would want.
They have propitia and viagra.
Uh...no nevermind.
All right George.
Yeah?
Thank you very much.
QAM hello.
George.
Yeah?
Good on Neil.
Okay yeah tapes. QAM hello.
Hey, listen I would be so happy to Miguel put on a tape I leave. Go ahead sir.
No.
Hey I was calling about Sunday I saw Coroio in the paper making more money than his pension.
Then he actually makes...
Then he actually used to make. Did you see that?
Yeah yeah I know.
It's depressing it's uh... but it's here.
It's my staff.
Oh I know.
If I really let it get to me I would go nuts.
I'm so glad I live in Broward.
How's that? I'm glad I live in Broward.
I just joined in.
And thank you and we're going to make our stand in Broward County.
For what it's worth.
And I know we got our own problems up there we got the Nazi sheriff.
Shutting down swing clubs and everything we got.
Fake Chamber of Commerce says.
Just remember support your local Chamber of Commerce which is preceded by the name of a city.
For example the Greater Fort Lauderdale Chamber of Commerce the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce.
It's my favorite one.
The Pompano Chamber of Commerce.
Not these other pseudo chambers that are really just someone's personal company that they named a Chamber.
Because guess what the word Chamber isn't a copyrighted word so you have no idea what you're getting into.
These other chambers support them.
The ones that are actually organizations of businesses, groups of businesses that have come together for the mutual benefit of each other.
So we're going to make our stand in Broward County and in Hollywood.
That's where we're going to try to improve things and don't let me get started again on the homeless voice although I just might.
I just might you know they call and Neil I don't know if you know he probably turned this thing off.
I know I would if I was going to pop another Benadryl and go back to bed.
The last thing that I would want to hear is.
You.
Me or anyone that sounds like me.
But they crank.
They cranked all week.
The homeless voice people.
Colin from payphones and I'm sure Sean Konani himself called a hundred times.
Well I'm exaggerating a little bit maybe 50 times.
It's 12 past 10 on 560 WQ AM summer times of Pioneer baby.
And today's when it's not pouring cats and dogs it's 110 degrees in the shade and from what everybody says it's going to be brutal the summer.
But only a minute is a great product that'll help you to feel your best to keep you in good health.
Help you survive the suffering soft flow to summers.
Only a minute is a soft gel capsule that contains the best olive oil on the face of the globe.
And we all know the great things that olive oil can do for us.
In us honest underneath this.
It contains olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and herbals to promote health for all different parts of your body.
For your prostate.
For your heart.
For your blood pressure.
For your cholesterol.
Oliumids also got supplements to promote health in your sickle the thoracist.
Your digestive your endocrine system, your skin and bones.
Even your mind as well.
All using the benefits like I said only moments ago the best olive oil that money can buy.
And oliumids got products as I'm sure you know by now for men and for ladies as well.
Oliumids available in Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, DeMoral, Pharmacy and Sedanos.
If you want to get more info on your products how they work and what they be doing.
Call them toll free to answer your questions.
1-866-Oliomid.
That's 866-OL-E-O-M-E-D.
We're in order their products right off their website.
I just want to contract them.
And the best interest of the game.
We've 9 to 10 on sports radio 560-U-A-M.
Hi Baba Juan Paulo.
I'm barely old.
That's why my head hangs down loose and through.
Yeah, no.
I see my toes protruding from my gown in my pocket.
I see my toes protruding from my head.
I see my toes protruding from my head.
I see my toes protruding from my head.
I see my toes protruding from my head.
I see my toes protruding from my head.
Sponsor guards, that funny hat on my head.
It needs treeven owing.
Call my head up,rit it open my head up.
F fueraiiiiiiiiIm!
2x encrypted notes-
Two x high-colds down.
Things I thought were the most placed I am fighting
So far I found six dollars in loose change and my car keys
All my hand up I'm gentle for the end up
630 Marlins on deck, then the Marlins and the Reds play baseball game.
After that it's head capplin.
Joe and Mark, my favorite show, outside of this one on this station from 2 until 6 and
I listen every chance I get.
You know I tried listening to them using them as the wake up call in the snooze alarm
because I actually start the snooze at like 5.30.
But then I would hear the tail end of the show and instead of hitting the snooze button,
this isn't a lie.
I'm not saying this to stroke Joe.
Thank you Joe by the way for doing the week with me.
It's always fun doing the show with Joe.
No slide on Miguel.
But you know it was like an old time thing.
But anyway, I would find myself instead of hitting the snooze button listening because
I wanted to know what they were talking about.
Instead of hitting the snooze and going back to sleep and getting that extra little half
hour because I got to wake up in stages.
I don't know about you.
Stages.
Stages.
I'm gonna let you get about three times.
Three times.
That's it.
Three times.
I have 5.30, father wake up by 6 then I'm a lazy bastard.
Maybe, maybe, I'll hit it four times and wake up at 6.10.
Oh, 6.10 we can't say that.
That means something else.
Station we hate.
So I would find myself listening and not not going back to snooze because I'd always
come in the middle of something, something you know totally outlandish and disgusting
and dirty which is my speed.
So they're doing a great job and of course if you're out driving around late at night
which I rarely am, you get them on a Friday night.
Is that the right way to do it?
They don't do it on Monday night where I rather Sunday night Monday morning.
That's when they don't have a show.
Correct.
They have a Friday night Saturday morning show.
Is that the way it should be?
Yeah.
All right.
Because you want that late crowd, you want those people coming home from partying and
on the Friday night.
All right.
I'm screwed up.
Anyway, I played that pope thing besides the fact that it's a brand new bokeh brine bit
and it sure is good and accurate.
We saw that picture of El Presidente with a pope who apparently his spine has turned
to jelly and that's why he can't hold his head up.
He's got no neck.
He's old.
He's old.
And Miguel was telling me during the break that I'm going to hell.
You got it wrong.
Remember the call and I'm sure it was Konani.
Maybe you weren't listening that week since you weren't here and just got a bitterness.
The guy said there's a special place in hell for people like me and I'm sure there is
but you know what?
The layer of hell that El Papa is going to is way deeper, darker and hotter than anywhere
I'm going.
The king of all fakers.
Here it is.
Hey, pope, there's a scandal in your church.
You know all about it.
It's been going on for hundreds if not thousands of years.
Your priests are raping little boys.
Are you going to do something about it?
Stop bothering me.
I can't hold my head up.
Stop talking bad about the church.
Stop selling the reputation of all those good priests wherever they are, whoever they
are.
With all of your isolated incidences that we've been hearing about for years.
And so I might still get to this inquire or thing from the old inquire, the previous inquire,
the one with the Ozzy family photos in the middle of it, etc and so on, about the pope's
best close personal friend, father, Maceel, DiGallio, founder of an internationally prominent
order of 500 priests and 2500 seminarians whose offices are in Rome right next to the
pope's, whose is buddy and all of the sexual allegations that have been leveled at him if
you wonder why the church isn't doing anything about it because there are pedophiles right
up at the top sitting at the pope's feet are these child molesters.
QAM, hello.
Hey George, how you doing?
All right, how are you, sir?
Good.
Hey, you ever watched this TV show called The Shield?
The Shoe?
The Shield?
No, I heard about it though.
I'm supposed to watch it.
Everybody says it's good and I need to watch it.
That is the wild show.
They show it on a Tuesday and Sunday, 10 and 11 night.
They show it again 11 for some reason.
But it's pretty wild for regular TV.
I'm also supposed to watch Alias.
Somebody said that was good.
Does anybody know anything about that?
I haven't seen that.
Okay, well it's on Sunday nights at 9 which is the same time as 6 feet under which I'm
not particularly crazy about but that's what the wife watches and guess where I am.
Alias.
Alias, well, I'm not watching Alias although I might as well now, you know, 6 feet under I think
might be over or getting over soon.
Ah, shucks.
Ah, shucks.
Shucks.
Okay, yeah, no argument from me.
It's just there.
It's just something.
See, we get lulled in by HBO because of the sopranos and sex in the city.
I don't know, I'm sex in the city isn't for you.
It was shut up.
Not you, but them, all those women.
Like they don't, you know what?
Well, they wonder for themselves.
If sex in the city isn't for me then stop wearing pants, alright?
Those are for me.
I've just decided where nice billowy skirts that the breeze can blow up.
Like we're gonna get into that.
Next thing you're gonna tell me is I can't have a purse.
QAM, hello.
Good morning, George.
Good morning.
How are you?
This is Flo.
Hi.
I just want to say that Dan, rather, and then Peter Jennings, I think, are two of the tap reporters.
They also would like to report fair news.
Oh, look at this.
The joke votes are coming in now.
Tom Broca, I got 24 since I said that about him about his mumbling speech decadently.
You said the same thing essentially.
But the main reason why I called is because I think that you should replace Neil because you're witty and funny.
Oh, you're so sweet.
Thank you, George.
I like Joe and I love Miguel too.
Thank you.
I love you.
There's no reason why you can't do the show.
Eventually.
Whenever Neil needs the replacement, you should be the fan.
Well, you're awfully sweet.
Okay.
Stay the campaign now.
Give George a job in four years.
QAM, hello.
Good.
You must be deaf.
Okay.
You know who that was?
Calling from Wisconsin.
I'll give you that.
We have to hang up on it now.
He's calling every single show in the place.
I don't Greg.
QAM, hello.
Hey, George.
How you doing?
All right.
How are you, sir?
Pretty good.
I heard about that show too, the feel.
Yeah, everybody's talking about it.
It's supposed to be pretty, but you know what?
Is it another cop show and like a soap opera cop show like Hill Street Blues?
I heard it's mostly like a movie with Dan Fell.
He did it recently.
Train day.
Okay.
It's something like that about a crooked cop.
And just to let you know, the first two episodes of the series are coming up tonight at 10.
So I'm going to take it out because I haven't seen it.
So if you want to take it out, the first two episodes are coming up tonight at 10.
On that, right?
Okay.
Yeah.
I'll see if I remember.
I mean, I could write it down, but I'm not taking this note pad home with me.
You ever do that?
You write stuff down, but of course you write it down on something that you never look at?
Right.
I got my pad here.
You write stuff down, but it's in my car.
Yeah, if I carried my refrigerator around with me everywhere I went.
I would never forget anything, because that's where I stick stuff.
For the post-interior on your desk, on your computer monitor, on your office.
You write it down, you think that means something.
I could write it down in a little notebook.
I could write it on my hand.
What was the name of that movie?
And I only saw pieces of it, not with the audio up, because we're in here during the show,
where the guy has the no short-term memory.
So he has all these tattoos of things, reminding him to shave and stuff like that.
Somebody will call up.
No clue.
It was just on the, it's going to be on cable very soon, because it was just on the paper views.
He's got tattoos all over his body and he's trying to solve a mystery.
And Joe Pantoliano is in it.
But he's not the guy. He's not the actor.
So anyway, this is always weird taking over.
I mean, I enjoy having a lead in and just taking over there.
So I have a lead in.
But right, no, it's good.
But it's tough because what he is talking about is not necessarily what I want to talk about,
or have the ability to talk about, like anchors.
I pretty much exhaust it.
Everything I have to say on it.
I mean, I don't drive home really fast because I'm going to miss Dan Rather.
Or Peter Jennings.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Right.
If I'm there at home in front of the TV in its news time and Tom Broca comes on,
I change it to either Dan Rather or Peter Jennings.
Depending on which story they're talking about.
Right?
And that's it.
And I like them because they're articulate.
They can speak and they're not doing any melodrama.
They're not doing because he was talking about Rick Sanchez.
Not being a news anchor.
I couldn't stand him on seven.
I don't want melodrama.
I don't want to show.
If I want to show, I'll turn on a comedy.
For news, for news, I want someone that I can take seriously.
I don't want to clown.
I don't want clown news.
Does that make any sense?
Does that make me like an old guy, old old fashioned,
staggy old fart that I don't want infotainment?
I want just serious journalism.
Look you in the eye.
Tell you what's going on.
Kind of crap with no melodrama.
Does that make me a butt plug?
You've got to get with you.
You've got to like the yellow journalism.
Or like spicy stories.
You know what?
There are plenty of tabloids shows if you want that.
Bells and whistles and glitzy graphics and nice sounders and sweepers and things like that.
Then there's always deco drive.
1027 on 560 WQAM.
If you're tired of hassles with your cell service,
if you're tired of that $50 a month plan that you thought you purchased,
then winding up costing you hundreds of dollars a month instead of 50.
Then get on the team with Team Celtic.
At Celtic Communications, you're authorized next-to-ill representative.
For over 25 years, Celtic has been providing cell photo
with the best service they take the hassle away from dealing with the cellular company,
not to mention the expense.
Right now, Next-Hell Shared Rewards Plan allows you to share 4,000 monthly minutes
with free incoming calls for only $54.99.
Celtic's got a great selection of other plans,
no matter what your budget, with most including free incoming calls,
nationwide long distance, free caller ID, free voice mail,
and Next-Hell's unique direct connect 2A radio feature, too.
So whether it's one or a thousand phones or a resilient,
take it from me and our very own starting quarterback, J. Feedler,
the spokesman, Celtic Communications,
you're authorized next-to-ill representative, is the only smart way to go.
Call 1-800-CEL-TEC-2 today and get connected.
That's 1-800-C-E-L-T-E-C in the number 2.
Celtic Communications, keeping us...
You gotta eat your weighties to listen here, baby.
Sports Radio 565-60-Q-A-A.
A Sally Fitt would say, take it up your ass.
Okay!
Hey!
This guy is a major tool, at first he thought it was you.
Never check the lady's face.
That's why he's in this card case.
He's a freaking fool, a quack.
They should take his camera back.
None of this makes any sense.
What's with the nipple, the fence?
It's a freaking cracker.
Please, please, I thought it was the tennis girl.
I started laying there on the beach and I said,
that's gonna be a gonna-comp us boobs.
It's Call of Me!
Hope they make him pay millions,
cuz he shot the wrong melons
and approved that they were hers.
They were banning ten knockers.
What a big bonehead!
That's Todd Pettingill, how dare you rip him, Miguel.
27-11 on 5-60-WQ-A-M.
You know, the playing bagpipes guy.
All those great bits, the John Rocker Psychiatry.
That's why you're tired of his voice,
because he's doing all of those voices.
And some people have said the same thing about Bokob Ryan,
which I take great offense to,
because he does all those voices and never.
Just one guy doing all of that stuff.
But anyway, you distracted me from that.
What I was gonna say, because that bit reminded me,
that that pet house is out there, somewhere.
It's already out. Have you seen it?
No. A collector's issue.
Big news item.
All right, so it's Salt has Benetan.
Well, she's a celebrity, and she has breasts.
Let's see him.
Let's see him, baby, as somebody who used to work here.
Where's your magazine guy?
Well, that's what I was gonna say,
because we got problems now.
We got this inquirer with Brittany,
and it's that Neal keeps teasing me about.
That I can't find anywhere.
And with all due respect to Barnes and Noble,
because I love their story,
go there all the time, I spend a lot of money
at Barnes and Noble, maybe $100 a month,
or something like that, just books, magazines,
and everything like that.
Their magazine rack is like two months out of date.
That's the place you go to find things that you missed.
That aren't anywhere else anymore.
Well, I would say anywhere else anymore,
because I don't know where a current news stand is.
With the exception, and nobody start calling,
a Bob's News in Fort Lauderdale.
I love that place.
I could, you know,
how Manage was talking about Bass Pro Shops,
Outdoor World yesterday,
where I could just spend the whole day
and really do damage to my credit card.
Hopefully, that's why he walks around.
No, because I like the outdoorsy stuff too,
and the fishing a little bit fishing,
but mostly just outdoorsy stuff in general,
like boots and jackets,
and all the little shots of your eyes.
When we do the appearances there,
I have to go in and just look around and touch things.
Merchants on the top of that.
Right.
But I could really do some even more serious damage
than that in Bob's News,
because they have magazines from all over the world,
and they have all these crazy books.
Any kind of crazy book imaginable,
like fetish stuff,
weird comedy,
that old hippie comic books remember that?
The Arkram, you don't know from Arkram Punk.
Arkram in the 60s,
when comics were first starting,
the first time you started,
is it get comic books that actually had foul language,
and sexual humor, and drug humor,
and everything like that,
that was Robert Crumb.
You've seen the Keep On Trucking Guy.
The old guy,
Keep On Trucking,
he's leaning back,
his foot is sticking way out in front of us,
that's Robert Crumb.
Ah.
Okay, and all that stuff.
The Fabulous Freak Brothers,
the Fabulous Furry Freak Brothers.
Right?
These are things that we use to as children.
Now, my parents were to,
anal retentive to have anything like that in the house,
but thank God for the degenerate parents of my friends.
We would sneak into their bedrooms,
and while looking for Daddy's porno,
we would come across Daddy's Secret Stash of our Crumb comic books.
And that was as exciting if not more so than the comics.
Because if you've ever seen any of it,
I mean,
hardcore doesn't begin to describe.
Q-I-M, hello.
Oh, so wait, I tangented it to myself.
So, hey, Bill from Anderson News,
if you're listening,
not only would we like our regular supply of magazines,
because he says that he puts bundles together.
I'll get right back to you, sir.
Sorry, I distracted myself again.
Not only do we get,
he puts a bundle together,
and then he puts it in the van.
This is what he told me the last time that he dropped a bundle by,
and then he just never gets the chance to come by.
And I keep telling him,
well, tell me where you're at.
I'll go to you,
because we thirst, we hunger for current periodicals
here on this radio stage,
and I'm going to have to drive up to Bob's,
because it's a little bit of a hike.
Not bad, but still.
I want a really good newsstand
in the lobby of this freaking building.
That's what I want.
And if not here,
like around the corner,
like where the wall green is,
and the bank and the public's over here on the corner,
in other words,
some place that I drive by on the way to work,
so that I can stop by there in the morning,
and get my stuff.
I know I'm a selfish lazy bastard.
Yes.
But still,
listen,
Bob's is nowhere on the way here.
And I mean a good newsstand.
well, I've never even seen one before.
It's down on 79th Street Causeway.
Captain Singh brings us stuff every once and again.
Captain Singh,
you have a wonderful establishment,
beautiful little newsstand.
Exactly what I'm talking about.
You know, the little long skinny hole in the wall,
newsstands with everything you want in there.
That's what we need in the lobby of this building,
or somewhere in between here,
and my house,
so that on the way to,
or from work,
I can stop by and get some current periodicals.
And international magazines and things like that.
The closest thing we got is Bill from Anderson News.
Please Bill,
I beg you, please,
and anybody who knows you.
Just call the inside line.
I know you haven't,
so that we can let you in.
And tell me,
I'll drive to you.
We'll rendezvous somewhere.
Tell me when you're going to be in the hood.
We want the penthouse with sold has beneton on it,
just because it's collectors item.
We want to pass it around the building.
Two.
We want to pass sold has around the building.
Two.
You greedy.
He's going to bring the bundle of whatever is there.
Hopefully he'll just grab one of those penthouses
off the pile before they all go out the door.
And then that inquirer with Britney on it
that I so badly, badly want to see.
Okay, sorry about that, sir.
I had to take care of old business.
Go ahead.
It's you.
Yes.
Yes, you were from outside.
That movie started with a headshot over his arm.
Momento with Guy Pierce.
We got out.
It's probably the new one.
Okay, for you.
What are you talking about?
Bye.
What show is he listening to?
Thank you whoever faxed me.
WL.
Momento is the movie that I was talking about with the guy
with the short-term memory problems and much.
Lifeless people.
Lifeless, lifeless.
Want to live dangerously and pick up another one?
QAM, hello.
Wow, we're surprised.
QAM, hello.
You suck.
QAM, hello.
I think that was Eddie.
Same guy on two lines.
QAM, hello.
Okay, Josh.
Yeah?
Two things.
Isn't that newsstand up by you on Young Circle?
Still there?
I don't know what you're talking about.
If there is, I know which one it is.
Hollywood video and public on Young Circle there.
There's a newsstand on Young Circle net.
Young Circle next to the publics.
Yeah, there used to be years of guns.
It's just the same thing you're talking about.
They're long-skinned newsstand with all the periodic goals
and very similar to bugs.
I never saw one.
Okay, the other thing is, is the common book you were talking about,
was zap comics.
Right.
And the locking guy was Mr. Natural,
who was also a little...
That's right.
I'm a keep on trucker guy.
On four-way blotter in the 70s.
Right.
Well, I wouldn't know about the blotter, but...
Oh, a friend of a friend.
I'm saying, right, like I know,
I don't know from blotters in the 70s.
All right.
All right.
Take it easy.
I was just a punk kid.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, good morning, George.
Good morning.
Spill from Carl Springs.
Yes.
Not far from your house.
Howlandale Beach Boulevard.
Between the tracks and...
Well, it's just east of the tracks is a newsstand.
I haven't been in there in years,
but I know there's a big newsstand there.
That's right, by the billabong.
Our favorite radio people hang out.
Well, no, no, no, it's further down.
It's...
It's...
Yeah, it's almost to...
U.S.1,
doesn't matter.
In fact, it's on the north side of the street.
Okay, do you know the name of it?
No, I'm sorry.
I don't.
All right.
I'll just drive around real slow.
You know what?
In the hollandaale, I'll fit right in.
Yeah.
You know what that flanagan does, right there on the corner?
Yes.
Yes, I do.
U.S.
Okay.
It's about three blocks east of that, I think.
Oh, you can further down.
Okay, George.
I'll check it out.
I'll check it out.
Still not exactly on the way home.
That's not a track-a-d tour.
A dog track.
The dog track.
I know that.
That's on, um, Pembroke.
Right.
U.S.1.
Anyway, 18-11.
I don't know if you're ready.
On 5-60, QAM.
Here's some great news for South Florida.
Fast train announces the opening of its brand-new campus in Kindle.
If you're considering a brand-new high-paying career,
there's no time like now to check this out.
Call fast train 866 fast train.
Fast train's new campus is located right across from my media community,
Collins Kindle campus.
Microsoft certified instructors are waiting for you there.
There are no payments for a full year.
That feels waiting for you too.
There's a full-time job placement staff.
They got convenient day-night at weekend classes.
And now for you, a brand-new Kindle campus.
Call fast train at that toll-free number.
Get yourself on the road to a serious occupation making some big bucks.
Call 866 fast train.
Therefore, convenient locations now in Dayton, Browitz or Fast Train's got a location.
Got to be nearby you.
Check them out on the web at fastrain.com and then call at that toll-free number.
1-866 fast train.
Be sure and tell them that Todd Direct told you to call.
Fast Train can have you certified and ready for that brand-new career in his little form months.
Don't delay, pick up that phone and call fast train today at 1-866 fast train.
Don't forget, there's a fast train.
Morning.
The doll we gone to.
Our secret is from 6 to 9 on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
I'm the coolest person ever.
Okay.
Alright, alright.
Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music Biography Profile Story.
We take a good, hard, stiff look and a startup.
This British band's big hit was either a song about a freesome, a homeless or troll encounter or masturbation.
Sadly, we may never know the truth about.
Haircut 100.
I'm a man.
Look at the first line of the song.
I went off to the right.
Haircut 100's manager, Chet Stools, talks about the band's only hit Love Plus 1.
It's same pretty clear to me.
That's a fellow saying, I just gave in to the central delights of anal sex.
I mean, tell your think.
Still others think Love Plus 1 refers to a third sex partner.
Like 80's rock groupie Melissa Chuckster, who has been a third sex partner with such luminaries
as the guy is saying back up on that one springsteen tour and the human league's dog.
I have a skanky third sex partner.
I can't help but think Love Plus 1 is about being a third sex partner.
But was this song really only a reference to being alone and needing to use your hand?
Was Rosie Palm the plus one referred to in the title?
The band's lead singer Nick Hayward, me, are provided a clue back in 1982 when he said
it's pretty much a song about wanking off.
And there you have it.
Another sex-ladded story about some loser band from the 80's
made to sound like actual journalism by my urgent self-important delivery.
Suckers.
It's a big juicy, stopping wet look at show business tonight, uninside the mind.
13-11 on 560 WQAM.
Alright, I got your message, Boca Bryan.
I'll call you after the show.
I'll remember it because I wrote it down.
So I'll be sure and call you after the show.
And Eric, I'm downloading that thing again, but it's taking an hour and a half.
And I already stopped it from downloading once earlier today because I already got it
and burned it onto a CD.
The VCD file.
Remember we were talking about VCDs?
Maybe you don't.
Any more business you want to take care of on the air?
Yeah, the termite thing is going to happen next week.
Somebody faxes there is a large newsstand store.
Well, the audience cares about this kind of stuff.
Not me about doing the show, but just the things, the inside stuff.
What's going on?
They all want to be sitting on the inside, right here inside the studios.
Like a studio audience, like Alex Bennett used to have.
Boy, those were fun days.
I was a part-timer during that whole thing with Alex Bennett at IOD.
People remember?
And here's a guy came from San Francisco, supposedly some big shot over there.
And he came into the building and just wanted to redo the way they did everything.
I've never known anybody like that.
Anyway, he wanted a studio audience for a radio show.
And after laughing at him for several days and he didn't think it was funny, right?
Miguel's laughing?
Can you imagine?
Just stop and think right now.
And I'll tell you exactly how it was so that you can picture it.
Let me flush it out for you here, young man.
A row of folding chairs.
Let me be more accurate.
Two rows of folding chairs.
There was way more room in that studio than there is in this little thing.
It was more similar to the one in there.
You know how you have all this width and breadth in the studio.
Two rows of folding chairs, like about 10 to 20 people on any given day,
would sit there in the studio while this man did his show,
so that there would be a live, laugh track to his material.
Can you imagine?
I don't have to imagine I was there.
I was sitting there.
I had to be there for it.
Now, fortunately, as a part-timer, not a producer and having nothing to do with the show,
other than pushing the occasional button, I didn't have to interact with any of those people.
The producer had to.
As I scored them all back, make the arrangements, keep them under control,
make sure that nobody wandered around the building on their way to the bathroom.
They had to play sheep dog in other words, and keep these people under control.
And speaking of the people, what kind of people do you imagine would show up for this event?
Let me give you a hint.
Don and Mike, blow!
You thought that I would stop it, stupid?
Not just him, but everyone liked him.
People liked him.
Those are the people that would show up, and yes, it was for the most part the same crowd day after day,
in the middle of the day, afternoon I should say, from two to six.
Now would they speak out or just sit there quietly?
They would sit there well, they would sit there and laugh in this and that,
but then during the break, they would all share their input.
Input? Yeah.
Which I don't know how he could stand it.
I don't know how the man could stand it to have these people talk into him during the break.
It's all we can do, well he didn't play bits.
It's all I can do during the break just to figure out what I'm going to do when the break ends,
what I'm going to play, what I'm going to say, etc.
I need to sit there and...
Oh yeah, listen to these people.
Can you imagine opening those doors up?
Because Miguel knows from the appearance.
It's those people.
The appearance people.
Anyway, just thought I'd meant that.
Let's talk about this poll here, who's your favorite current network news answer?
Answer, why can't I talk?
You know why?
Because I didn't start.
That's another thing, man.
It took me totally by surprise.
And you know what, Neil?
I'm sorry that the phone was buried in my briefcase.
Inside your hands, please.
Inside your hands, please.
It wouldn't have made any difference.
I got here at the same time.
I wouldn't have gotten here any sooner.
Yeah, maybe I would have had a little bit more time thinking about what I wanted to say,
but it doesn't matter when somebody else starts the show, then you're thinking about that.
You're talking about it, you had an hour.
I had an hour.
It was a good hour.
He could have gone on.
No, I would rather rest.
Rest, I'm sure he's not listening right now.
Please rest, drink some tea with some honey.
Well, no, no honey, diabetic.
Just drink some tea, some echinacea tea, get real good.
So I don't have to do this anymore for the rest of the week.
I would thank you and so will the audience, too.
Who's your favorite current network news anchor?
I don't watch any of them.
54 Tom Broca 32.
So the jokesters are playing with Tom Broca, I figure.
I don't watch any of them.
I don't understand.
Although I believe that.
I believe there are a lot of people out there that just don't care about the news.
I don't find it particularly interesting.
Like for example, the wife will always put it on the news.
I'll forget to put it on the news.
How about you?
You're at home during the news time.
Do you make it a point to turn on the news?
I want to turn on the news and see what's going on.
No, but if I'm flipping through all the time.
If you're flipping, yeah, you'll stop.
Oh, it's 5 o'clock and 6 o'clock.
Let's see what's going on.
Okay.
And I'll only ever watch the first few stories.
Because after that, it's all over.
If you started at 4 and it's 4 and it's 6.
And it's 6.
You're interested in that.
No, yeah, you don't want to repeat that.
So 54 for I don't watch any of them.
32 for Tom Broca.
Fake.
28 for Peter Jennings.
Dan Rather has 21 Brian Williams, 18.
Brad Heum 5.
John Roberts 2.
Todd Wolf.
Let's serve for 2.
And Judy Woodruff.
Thank you.
Judy Woodruff, that obnoxious preaching sanctimonious fingerwiking bitch only has won.
QAM, hello.
Hey, George.
I'd like to have a little discussion with you about a controversial subject.
All right.
Maybe.
I'll think about it.
Hey, I was wondering what your opinion is.
How is it that the media in the United States, virtually 100% of it,
referred to this problem with the priest as a pedophilia problem when it was really a homosexual problem?
You are a professional Catholic scumbag.
And I hate you, don't ever call the show again.
It's not a homosexual problem.
You obfuscating, blaming other people for the corruption in your own organization, you.
My good Catholic friend, he might be a priest or a deacon or something like that.
You called ever so many times with that same line.
Your boy from sitting there going, all right, this is a chronic, but I don't know what he's got to say.
It's not a homosexual problem, although if you want to make it that, consider the fact that, you know,
most of the priests are homosexuals, first of all, there.
But here's what the problem is.
Repression leads to deviation.
That's what you don't want to acknowledge, because that's the mantra that your church chance is that somehow repression is a good thing, and it's not.
Your priests repress themselves and encourage other people to repress natural, normal urges.
And if you want to get religious about it, natural, normal urges that God put there, that God programmed you with, to remind you to breed if you want to get technical about it.
Sexuality is a normal thing. It flows very naturally and quietly like a gentle flowing stream.
And everyone knows that when you dam a stream, it overflows its banks.
It builds up pressure, it overflows its banks, it goes places, it shouldn't go, or the dam bursts, and you have a flood that is a destructive force that crushes everything in its path.
Sexuality, or any other human urge that is not an evil urge, like hurting people, is like that.
If you put your thumb over the end of a garden hose where a little bit of water is trickling out.
A little bit of water trickling out of the end of a garden hose isn't hurting anything, but if you stop it up with your thumb, you get a spray.
That's what repression does to a normal, healthy, urge, like sexual urges.
So if you have all of these homosexuals in the Catholic church and they're repressed, and their natural urges are being prohibited, then what?
You're going to get deviation and it can happen to homosexuals, it can happen to heterosexuals, it'll happen to everybody.
When you repress, you create deviation. There is a normal sexual flow, and normal sexual behavior, and your church encourages people to ignore the normal and to repress, which is not natural, and not normal, and that's why you have all of these problems.
And when you have an organization that won't accept anyone, except people who promise to repress their sexual urges, only weirdos are going to join that group.
Only weirdos are going to join a group that essentially tells you, cut your penis off, you're not going to need it anymore, not realistically, but virtually.
You're not going to use it for anything but your nation.
And let me tell you what, that's my second favorite thing to do with my penis, I don't know about you.
QAAM, hello.
Hey George.
Hey, how are you?
Good, how are you?
Yeah, fine.
Listen, I'm just tuning in, so I don't know if you touched on the subject or not.
Yeah.
But last night on Dateline MBC, they talked about the Jehovah witnesses and how they hide child molestation and how they look convicted, rapists and child molesters just get back out on the street.
Yeah. You caught that?
No, I did not, but I know about the Jehovah's Witnesses, I know what kind of scumbags there are.
Well, close with many of them.
I was unaware.
Oh yeah, they're the scumbags.
Also, the Jehovah's Witnesses are of all religions, lowest average income, lowest rates of graduation.
They're your scumbag religion.
Well, I'm interested because my sister, unfortunately, is one, has been one for 30 years.
Also very dangerous, they refuse blood transfusions.
They have a lot of very unhealthy self-hating anti-human anti-life philosophies.
Well, you know, before I heard about this, I could care less about them, but now that it's a criminal organization, it really disgusts me.
They're all criminal organizations.
Oh my God.
They all take money under false pretenses. That makes them all con artists.
I hope they get investigated by the law and I hope they pull their files and see...
I hope so too, but look at what's happening with the Catholic Church.
You know, it took years and years and years of abuse that was well known by everyone before it came to public light.
And even now, they're really not doing anything other than paying off some victims, so good luck to us all.
Well, they're turning into the names of the priests who are abused and at least they're going to be touching.
Yeah, they're going to be touching.
Just remember, sir, it's a homosexual problem, not a pedophilia problem.
It's only homosexuals that are molesting children.
It's three till 11 on 5.60 WQAM.
Tom Laman likes it.
He likes the listeners of this program. He loves this show. He loves me. He even likes George a little bit.
That's why Tom created the Neal Deal at Hallett.
Save big dollars in all Pontiacs and GMCs and stock.
Just mentioned, you heard about it right here on the infamous Neal Rogers Show.
Stop by Hallett Pontiac GMC at 134-01 South Dixie Highway.
That's in the same great location they've been for 35 years right there on US-1.
Right across the street from the falls where every vehicle is marked with the lowest price.
But if you mention the Arranger's deal, you'll save even more.
Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs, including the Envoy,
voted by Motor Trend as the SUV of the Year.
Plus, be sure and see the Altsi.
I gotta throw those in there because otherwise Tom feels left out.
See the all-new Vib SUV. It's got the power of a sports car at a fraction of the price.
Hallett's also got an unbeatable selection of dependable, quality pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs.
Never a single lemon on the lot at Hallett.
And if you've been turned on for quitted by any other schmuck out there in Radio Land,
have no fear because at Hallett, they'll take good care of you, make sure they work out a deal.
Get the Neal Rogers deal right now at Hallett Pontiac GMC.
You'll find them at 134-01 South Dixie Highway.
That's US-1 across from the falls open every day of your life.
Seven days a week. You can call them at 305-238-4040-305-238-4040.
They're unbeatable, Hallett Pontiac GMC.
They...
Mark Channel, where great stories come to life.
The Neal Rogers Show on 560-09QAM, Miami for Lardale.
One gets all!
Double UQM!
Him, Miami!
Pope John!
Pope John!
Well, when he was alive back in 1489, he was a little guy who stood four foot five,
kind of round and faced him with a couple of chins.
And he was in charge of the Vatican. Pope John!
Pope John!
Pope John!
Pope Pius John!
You see, the Pope's at priests forget narrowed back then and spread the money round
to their offspring and kin.
So the bakers at the Vatican may marriage his sin, and that posed a problem for his husband and him, Pope John.
The scandalous secret he didn't confess was that he was a pregnant girl under that dress,
back then they all dressed in drag that helped keep it hidden,
because if anyone found out he'd lose the game, Pope John!
Pope John!
Pope John!
Pope Pius John!
Pope John!
One windy day is dressed blue up in a gust and someone yelled,
hey, that guy has no nuts!
And like Marilyn Monroe is skirt pillowed high, and everyone knew it was the end of the line for Pope John.
And barriston worried the bank would go broke, the Vatican chimneys belched out holy smoke
from history spend doctors had this erased not long after they had this screetly replaced Pope John.
Pope John!
Pope John!
Pope Pius John!
They buried him or her out of public view in a tomb held together with Scotch taping blue.
These few words are written on his tomb, we pray that everybody will forget about you, Pope John!
Pope John!
Pope Pius John!
Pope John!
Love it oh 4 on 5 60 WQA, so you don't know that story Miguel.
You got an article and it's a true story that there was a female Pope and everyone got all hysterical about that obviously,
because can't have that.
It was a real daiki looking woman and worked her way up the hierarchy and eventually became Pope.
And when they found out it was, you know, it freaked everybody out so they developed a special chair.
And the article goes into saying it was like a thrown toilet seat, a thrown with a hole in it.
And the Pope would have to sit there and hike up his skirt and the new Pope, the wannabe Pope, the one that they're voting on to be Pope.
And then another priest, I sh** you not.
Another priest would have to go underneath the chair and I guess look up in there, maybe T-bagged the package there, maybe hefted up the package,
to check the equipment to make sure that it wasn't a check after all, because we can't have that no more.
Maybe somebody still has that article, maybe somebody knows where we can reference it, but it's a true story it happened.
And what national inquire, P.V., did you find this?
No, no, no, in the history books, sir, you understand that the church has wielded incredible influence over the years.
And they used that influence to rewrite history or to have things omitted.
You understand that our textbooks that we have over here, they can't put anything in there that actually offends anyone.
And when we went to school, by we, I mean us old people, although history books were politically incorrect, didn't mention anybody's contributions to America except for the English, etc and so on,
and then later on they had to replace all those books, well little by little history is starting to come out.
But yeah, you can't put anything in a history book that might offend anyone.
You've got a dig deep.
Go into archives, go into old libraries and stuff to find out this kind of stuff.
It's not going to be on your little pop-up book of Catholic history.
See how easy it is for me to get going on the Catholics on the church.
That guy really pisses me off.
I guess it was last month a newsweek article about it and they had all these quotes from these cardinals and bishops and whatnot saying,
oh yes, it's the proliferation of the homosexuality.
Remember that when this whole thing came out, it was the MTV, the decadent culture.
In other words, what these assholes have the nerve to say.
They've been telling us for years, listen to us, listen to us, we know the answers, listen to us,
come to find out that they are more corrupt than any other organization in existence
with the possible exception of the ones that we know to be corrupt like the Mafia.
And even possibly them, is there a Mafia pedophilia scandal going on right now?
I mean, I know that they kill and steal for a living.
Have you heard of any of the Guidos, the Goombas, the Gajon goddess of the world
being chronic little boy molesters?
Well, that's Joe.
Right, he's connected, right?
Tell him, boy.
You know, we know some people that are connected.
But yeah, you don't hear about that.
In any other group in any organization, not with teachers, doctors, lawyers, plumbers, anything like that.
No other group is there an organization, essentially a child molester club, like Namla.
This is Namla, except they're tax-free.
And they're collecting money from a whole bunch of suckers.
So what they're saying, after telling us for years, we know the answers, listen to us.
We know the answers, listen to us.
Come to find out that they're more corrupt than anybody is and than any other group.
And the response to that?
See, if you had listened to us, the world wouldn't be so gay and pornographic
and our priests wouldn't be tempted and corrupted by the world.
See, it's all you gay people and the MTV people and all you people that make sexuality acceptable
and homosexuality acceptable.
It's you people that are having an influence on our priests leading them into temptation.
You know, it's funny.
We got, like we belong to an organization called the WQAM, Beasley Broadcasting.
You don't see no scandals going on around here, not like that.
Not those kind of scandals.
You've worked in other places, I'm sure, right?
No kind of pedophilia scandals going on anywhere else you've worked, right?
And you're not God-authorized agents.
You're not running around telling people that you know the will of God and the word of God
and that you know the way to heaven, right?
Isn't that funny?
That the people that claim to be closest to God are the most corrupt and evil bunch of mother...
...okers on the face of the world?
QAM, hello.
Hey, George, how you doing?
Hey, how are you?
Love you, show.
Thank you.
I just wonder, no, do you think that you're really in any position to talk about you?
Like what normal sexual behavior and stuff like that?
Yeah, absolutely.
Is that this is you again?
Why?
Why are you so chronic?
Don't you have a life that you have a period of time?
You're the guy that I can go kiss?
Yeah, I'm going to hang up on you.
You're a professional Catholic, you're a chronic.
Yeah, I'm a normal person.
I am absolutely a normal person.
What sets me apart from any other normal person?
I have the balls to talk about me and my life and what's normal.
I'm absolutely normal.
I talk to people, I talk to my friends.
I'm absolutely normal.
Just most people don't admit it in front of other people.
They don't want their moms who might be listening to the show to know what they're doing.
What they consider normal, their wives, their girlfriends, their children.
See, I know that I'm doing a radio show and what it takes.
So, you know, mom and you and your bleeding hemorrhoids and the smelly cat guy that lives by you,
I know he tells you everything that I say, have a, you know, go to North Carolina and have a great life
and don't fall off the mountain, of course, unless you want to.
And the wife and the kids, you understand that it's just a radio show.
I'm tired of hypocrisy.
You know, I was listening to that D12 that I made a copy of and that was one of the things
that they were talking about in there is one of the lines from M&M is all the hypocrisy.
You know, he's saying, he was saying essentially, you all you people that think like me but are afraid to talk like me.
You know, not that I'm a big fan of his per se.
He's good mixed in there with all those other people, but that's a valid line.
I'm absolutely normal.
I'm just honest enough to admit what's going on inside my devious head.
Most of you people are exactly the same way, if not worse.
Hello, QIM.
Stop, you suck.
All right, so do you, QIM, hello.
Hi, George.
I joined it.
Earlier today, I was down by this train in 79th Street.
Yeah.
There's a Dunkin' Donuts over there.
Yeah.
And I was talking to him about 65 years old.
Yeah.
And, well, you know, I've seen around there for quite some time.
Uh-huh.
And everyone's mind saying hello to her is, you know, a lot kind of thing.
And you're the point at the end of this, right?
Well, yeah.
Yeah.
And we got to talk to the bounces thing you're talking about with the priest, so forth.
And, well, you guys, well, in between give me the $2 and both of them, she needs to get...
You said that's just a point at where you've George.
Yeah.
Yeah, see, while she is your mother, she said.
Uh-huh.
She charged you $2, sir.
You got ripped off.
She should have been paying you.
It's 11-11 on 5-60 WQAM.
Summer times a panya, baby.
On days when it's not pouring cats and dogs, it's 110 degrees in the shade.
And from what everybody says, it's going to be brutal this summer.
But, Oliometh is a great product.
Then I'll help you to feel your best and keep you in good health.
Help you survive the suffering soft flow to summers.
Oliometh is a soft gel capsule that contains the best olive oil on the face of the globe.
And we all know the great things that olive oil can do for us.
Uh-huh.
In us, honest underneath this, it contains olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and herbals to promote health for all different parts of your body.
For your prostate, for your heart, for your blood pressure, for your cholesterol.
Oliometh also got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system.
Your digestive, your inner-consystem, your skin and bones.
Even your mind as well.
All using the benefits, like I said, only moments ago, the best olive oil that money can buy.
And Oliometh's got products as I'm sure you know by now for men and for ladies as well.
Oliometh's available at Walgreens, Whole Food, Markets, DeBrol Pharmacy and Sedanos.
If you want to get more info on your products, how they work and what they be doing,
call them toll-free, they'll answer your questions.
1-866 Oliometh.
That's 866 Oliometh, where you can order their products right off their website.
Stooges and the Marks Brothers, pick out better leadership than we got.
8 Days in 1, unsports 805, 16-E, and Duke's UAM.
Holy s**t dude.
I'm here to need the catholics.
I know one never deen.
The brain was the heretics, pulled in their knife and sin.
I will travel across the world, speaking against the thoughts and ideas.
And can you address like a girl until they learn to fear?
You'll be mad.
You'll get religion just like me.
And join the archdiocese.
Catholic real estate is what we must be proud of.
We need what I say to you.
I might bury Danazard through, or I'll lift my dress and say,
Fika-boo.
He's got to show you his ball.
I got my re-billy balls.
11-16-5-60 WQAM Gym Manager.
One Hank Goldberg at 3.
Marlins on deck at 6.30 followed by the marlins in the reds playing a game.
And Ed Kaplan after the game.
John Mark, 2-6 as usual.
See how easy it is to get me going again.
So that pissed me off like two weeks ago when I read that newsweek thing.
When they were blaming homosexuality for misguid society.
Everything else.
Keep listening to us.
Oh, all our priests are molesting children while not all of them.
Just most of them, apparently, or a lot of them.
All of our priests are molesting homosexuals.
Most of them, a lot of them.
That's your fault.
You're not listening to us.
Your evil world is corrupting our church.
Isn't it supposed to flow the other way?
Isn't the church being close to God?
Right.
God, these are God's people.
So God sheds His grace on them.
And then they are supposed to share it with the world.
You see how the downward flowing of water, the Holy Spirit, the power of God, flows into the Pope.
And He deals it out among the priests.
And then they go out and deal that out among the people.
Isn't that the way it's supposed to work?
Isn't that why you're going to church and giving them your money?
Isn't that why?
Because they're better than you.
They're closer to God.
They know something you don't.
They went to some school.
Even though like the Pope's buddy over here didn't graduate from seminary school.
His uncle ordained him.
Talk about incestuous relationships.
I might just read that thing.
Although we could take a whole bunch more calls from a whole bunch more Catholic chronics.
And the homeless voice people who hate me and I'm glad it's mutual.
Destroyers of communities get out of our town.
Bastards.
QAAM, hello.
Hey, yeah, George.
Yes.
You're a militant defense of homosexuality.
A lot of them.
They should get with chronic.
Chronic.
Chronic.
See what I'm talking about?
And you know why I played that Love Plus One thing besides I like all those inside the behind things that we have on the HCN.
Yeah, I think I'm okay.
CDs.
Haircut 100.
Very big in the early days of MTV like when I was in high school.
All the old codgers like me remember that.
And that was there about masturbation is about three sums.
And we were talking about three sums during the Jerry show.
Good Jerry show this morning at least towards the end.
Secret fantasies, etc. and so on.
It's usually bad and they're usually ugly.
Usually whoever wants to take their clothes off on Jerry.
One of two types.
Pippa-pippa-pippa.
Nasty, skanky, dirty, toad, prison tattooed.
White trash.
White trashed.
Trailer, biker, bitch.
Or fat hog.
Greasy razor back.
Nobody that you would actually want to see with their clothes off.
With the notable exception of spring or break.
Which is good.
But this morning they had somebody on there that looked just like a regular housewife or secretary or something like that.
No tan lines from a tanning booth, no tattoos, no nothing.
And she looked really good and she was running around in her very normal looking brawn underwear.
Nice, no granny panties, nothing like that.
Normal looking brawn underwear stripping and then putting it back on.
Then she was just hanging out.
It reminded me of those old magazines.
Speaking of magazines where that was it, that's how you got.
We're brawn underwear shots but at least the women were voluptuous and good looking.
But I digress.
There's another reason to go to a newsstand.
How about a newsstand that has old magazines?
Boxes and boxes of old magazines like bra magazines and cheesecake magazines.
Still looking.
I got some fags on that I might get to that.
But we were talking about the threesome thing since the guy accused me of not being normal.
And we were talking about threesome's.
Is that normal?
Isn't it?
I'm asking you.
I say it is.
What guy do you know doesn't want to have a threesome?
Well, we've discussed this before.
Right.
Do you know anyone that doesn't want to have a threesome?
Oh, that's right.
That's right.
We had two guys that claimed not to want to have another girl there.
Not want to do two at a time.
Now that's very rare and unusual.
That's not normal.
I'm saying it right now.
That's not normal.
And I know your mom is listening and your girlfriend is listening.
But come on now.
If you actually represented yourself by saying that you're not interested in that, who would believe it?
Would your mom believe that?
I know mommy.
You don't get a whistle.
I know.
No, no, wait a minute.
I know.
You really think your mom's not about that?
Have you just said, huh?
Yeah.
You really think your mom is going to buy that?
No.
No, of course not.
And your girlfriend.
Sure, she's not about that.
I mean, I'm sure you're not talking about it.
You're not saying stuff like, hey, honey, how about it?
You know, I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about it.
What are you up to.
Just be solid, because take care of yourself in person.
What are you up to?
Speakaction with yourself.
What are you up to?
So guys, I really, really like you.
the end of it everybody had their trash and trash bags as we left
hello no or that's nothing where was this what was that that was big
Cypress man fish place for two days no but how about that how about that
Woodstock man how about that Woodstock y'all was tripping over water all
different genre I guess but man then this weekend they try to cover up all the
problems with with these guys coming down on a final just a stabbing in a
rape and maybe a little bit of a girl fight Q a.m. hello Q a.m. hello hey how
are you I'm about to read that article okay when Neil came on early and he
brought up the point of how Bush looks next to the Pope yeah almost
beat him up and that was a great that's a good picture I thought the same
thing when I thought of yesterday the dumb talking to the Dumber exactly and I
don't know which one is Dumber well you know I don't think the Pope is a
stupid man I just think that he's right I just think that he's foul Bush on
other hand don't know that they're anybody he's a babbling idiot and also when
you're talking about hypocrisy here is the the big hypocrisy here are
Republicans who hate it Clinton because he smoked the joint what they hate him
for a lot more than because he beat him all the time yeah and then his Bush was
a drunk and co-cared and that's oh that's old don't you understand that he was
forgiven for all of that he turned over a new leaf he became born again and now
see once you become born again it doesn't matter what you did before you can be
eight-off freaking Hitler once you become born again it's all water under the
bridge well you know I'm clean in the blood of the lambs sir but you know he's
probably right down the white house I'm still in cocaine you know I don't know
it I don't know any such thing he broke he chose on that press well okay that's
what he said all right that's what he said I don't know what he's doing in the
white house no he's probably above and beyond all that although we saw that
picture of him holding that glass we still don't know what was in that QA
I'm hello yo all right how you doing hey I'm all right can you play
something no Q I am hello George yes hey not only am I four or three some but I
would like it to be with my wife's sister and that's all I have to say I don't
think you're normal sir I am normal is she hot the wife's sister actually more
than one of them actually well I not let it be a four or five some and she could
have one two or three all right okay thank you very much you know the wife
was asking me about that because she doesn't think that that's normal is the
whole twin fantasy it's a little demanded but you know you see hot looking
twins and they have them every now and again in playboy or what are these you
know they have twins the naked twins right and they're always posed I don't
know what to call it let's call it pseudo lesbianism they're not doing anything
they're not touching you know close they're close they're like maybe leaning on
each other hugging you know scamper arm on the shoulder this and that the wife
doesn't understand that she's like isn't that incest no isn't that lesbian
incest shouldn't that disgust you and make you want to close the magazine up
and turn away and wash your eyes out no no you want so part of your twin fantasy
is they're doing stuff to each other but they're sisters and they're twins
isn't that bad isn't that incest isn't that yucky
you can always tell your mom later that it's just for the radio chef just
a radio show ma so isn't that yucky they're doing stuff to each other no okay
I don't think you're normal qa m hello George yes I'm a 45 year old Jewish guy I got two things to tie up
okay one when I was like seven or eight years old I got molested by the next door neighbor
and I've been a db at ever since okay now for my 45th birthday I got a 26 year old
cute little Italian friend who her and her 22 year old girlfriend gave me the sweetest birthday
present I've ever had what a nice three some it was have a nice day okay what okay
whatever yeah Miguel's making the furloughed brow look and so am I I don't understand
what any of what what what what did the first part have to do with the second part
and did we want people calling up with three some stories do we care
hey all you people that have three some stories screw you why are you I don't want to have
one in a sort of sort of a three some story but uh nobody wants to hear that unless you want
them to hate you it's like walking around talking about how you won the lottery shut up are you
giving me any money no well then shut up qa m hello hey George how you doing man all right how
are you sir hey I just ran a funny story I went to mardi Gras this year and I saw all the uh
Jesus freaks at mardi Gras they all hold up these signs and Jesus saves there's only debauchery down
this street and the wildest stuff that happened at mardi Gras was white in front of all the Jesus
freaks everybody would do the quote I have no doubt I can regalia with Bible camp stories that
would make your your ears fall off oh they take their tops off and like they're like chicks that
would normally not do it would be making out in front of all the Jesus freaks and they just start
screaming on their megaphone you know you're going out oh my god I was never going to mardi Gras you
got to camp in front of the Jesus freaks because that's where the chicks do the craziest stuff man okay
I'll let you know I'll be there one of these days I know that Narland's is a toilet but I
sure want to see that whole mardi Gras thing and I would carry a backpack full of beads not the
little day pack either that I'm going camping for a month kind of backpack full of beads the big ones
the nice ones because those Budweiser ones thousands of dollars were the beads yeah we'll start with
those 1127 on 560 WQAM much just at the record straight on mattress delivery policies only
down a mattress 1 800 mattress delivers on the day and time you want within any to our window for
made a clock in the morning until 10 p.m. as soon as two hours from when you make the call let me
say it again just so you get this straight in your mind only dial a mattress 1 800 mattress
delivers on the day and time you want from 8 in the morning until 10 at night as soon as two hours
after you make your call every day seven days a week even Saturday and Sunday day and evening and
some other words to make along soon a story short whenever it really is convenient for you the next
best service available in the delivers Tuesday through Saturday in a four hour window and they choose
the window and don't even tell you which four hours until they call you the night before stinkin
service right if you want great service great selection and prices unbeatable do what I always
do when I need a brand new name brand mattress call our friends at dial a mattress anytime you're in a
mood 24 hours a day seven days a week choose the silly service Simmons or King Coral that you really
wanted a great low price and then choose when you want them knock on on your door and stuff in
it and therefore in the mattress too call dial a mattress today toll free 1 800 mattress 1 800 MATT RES or check
the
east of marlins and reds tonight
on sports video 560 QAM I've got two sets of lips arrived
hey
I like a poor darkness I only need one hand on my mouth to look in
I feel myself stroke the way I'm gonna take some time
it'll be my name or what I see online all over and over make me feel all right all the
over and I'll be online all night hey the pictures all the same need to be doing better on my
phone and every tire man I'll try a bookmark now so I can feel myself and try to
night around my keyboard for the shelf I'm gonna take some time it'll be my name or what I see online
I'm over and over make me feel all right all the over and I'll be online all night I'm gonna take some time
with you my name or what I see online all over and over make me feel all right all the over and
I'll be online all night oh 27 till 12 5 60 QAM I agree Miguel and Bokobrins just getting better
and better and better and I like it when he does the current things I'm trying to talk him into doing
some rap spoof because it's true what everyone says it's easy to do right rap I mean if you can
rap yeah if you're if you're just cutting and pasting and sampling and everything like that well he
can do that and spoof them he can write the comedy and just lay it down all our rap style I think
it's a whole new thing you'll sell more bits to the nationals Brian and I ran the transfer but I
still haven't looked at what's there so maybe it'll be something good a bit ebbbb maybe it'll be
something good QAM hello yes how do you do how do you do uh George I have a different political
here is it okay for me to say of course it's okay you just can't be a chronic saying the same
thing Catholic church people trying to blame the homosexuals I know you can't deal power at the
thing all bushes dumb and all this all I would you say that why would you say that we parrot the
thing he's a dumb man well let me tell you this if he's dumb then the democrats are twice as dumb
because he's running so I'm not gonna argue with you I think they're I think they're in it together
I think they're being bar on the actual time the actual dick their party Hillary Clinton every two
months they come out with a statement against sir there are stupid people in each part they wound up
retracting their statements every single time like they're not they're not the president is so
so your point is the democrats have dumb people in their party too is that your point no my point
is that they're not the president what what are you talking with the point is he is running
circles around the party that you think he's running circles on the party because you said so
he's an idiot just because you said so he's running circles running I don't see him running
anywhere I see him running back and forth to the helicopter and back he's running circles around
them he's a stupid illiterate bumbling party frat boy coke snorting hard drink and frat boy who
exceeded the Peter principle beyond anyone's wildest dreams wouldn't be there except for the fact
that he's got to pay all those people back whose money he lost when he was trying to make some QIM
hello last call of the day and then i'm going to play some uh i don't know book of Brian vets
whatever's in there Clinton was a real brain surgeon too right he was smarter than bob president dumps
he's about getting ahead and stuff like that that's smart that's brilliant i wish i would i could be
that smart what about the secrets he sold to the Chinese for contributions what about selling uh uh
uh huh selling what what about improving the economy reducing the other night and he had nothing
to do with that you know i'm a political talk blow that your ass i'll i'll i'll stand there and
play jeopardy against uh bush let's put you know here here's what we can do anyone of you people
bush and Clinton playing jeopardy who do you think would win any of you people out there defending
bush him bush and Clinton playing jeopardy who's gonna win how about an SAT test who's gonna win
how about any kind of uh of a test how about a ninth grade uh graduation test how about a
no high old basics kind of a test QIM Miguel's on the phone QIM Miguel's on the phone oh look at that
Miguel i'm getting an error thing on the phone thing and all of a sudden i can't do anything wait
QIM hello i'm i've just been disabled do you have something i'm trying to tell you i can't punch up
i've got an error on my screen i could play some filler music and go try to fix it but i might
have to reboot my computer me too because the phone over here says line five and that on my screen
i have no dots me neither how can this be all of a sudden we lose the phone this is wonderful
if that's a sign that we shouldn't take any calls yes just talk to each other about three
sums with twins anything else how about how Kennedy was a a playing prisoner also didn't he have
affairs left and right everybody had a lot putting on we would get facts after facts about every
president all their little shenanigans all their mistresses uh things like that not they just
didn't have mistresses their wives had boyfriends uh Eleanor there was a lesbian Eleanor Roosevelt was
lesbian all of these things and they talked about it during the Kennedy things where he would have
hookers delivered to the White House and he was just whether he was at home or abroad he had
broads delivered all the time and they were marched right in front of the media people the press
people but they all had an understanding in those days and ever since Nixon that arrangement
went away where the media keeps quiet about the president and what they're doing Nixon changed
everything i'm gonna play some killer music and try to reset this computer because i don't know
what i'm gonna do now
all right let's try something here oh every time i press the button i get the same thing one moment
please
oh
yeah you might as well restart the phone because the audience are gonna hate Elliot Smith
and i'm trying right now he does some good tunes but it's just this
can't i want to guys think oh no you're gonna hate it anything no i didn't know anything
oh please quite i hit it twice you know what let's take the break early because i have a feeling
that we're gonna have to play a long bit after it anyway because we have to reset the phone
and two computers well the audience wants to know this stuff there you go sir i'm off of the church
and politics we're talking about internal technical difficulties which is par for the course here
but hey how about that connection 21 till 12 on 560 wqa m
pop it up park is open for live harness racing three nights away gary wednesday friday and saturday
first post time seven thirty in the pm free general parking and free grandstand admission every afternoon
don't forget at pompadopark every wednesday night is dollar night you can get draft beer hot dogs soda
or large pretzel or popcorn for just a bucket piece on wednesday friday and saturday nights pompadopark
offers a special all you can eat buffet on the fourth floor players lounge soup salad tons of
veggies and main entrees to choose from and great desserts all for one great low price plus
in friday and saturday there's a carving station with turkey ham prime rib pork or flank steak
pompadopark also offers full card simulcasting every day seven days a week starting at noon with
highlight harness and thermo action and don't forget you can watch and wager on the 127th running
of the preake mistakes at pompadopark tomorrow saturday may 18th early bird wadrig starts today
pompadopark on powerline road of black south of Atlantic Boulevard
personality
three days from three to seven
year on the court for you five sixty q a m that's incredible to me incredible
all right
its an asshole
And they're all out on the street
See them on the sidewalk
Oh here, then shuffle and pee
That's 20,000 assholes
Still an asshole from a maid
Step aside good people
There's the assholes on the parade
We got the assholes for freedom
The assholes for money
The assholes for Jesus
The assholes for guns
The assholes for justice
The assholes for crime
The assholes for assholes
The assholes for all time
We got assholes making money
We're making all the money
We're making all our jobs
They're filling us by schools
The assholes on the water
The assholes on the sky
The sands are just helping
The assholes need to fly
Oh teacher won't you tell me
I really made the phrase
To my head, my dress
Or am I just another asshole on the parade
The assholes give the orders
And assholes wrote both
The assholes get elected
Because assholes get to vote
I once heard it said
That all the assholes never died
They just lay in bed
And keep them all alive
The assholes in the morning
The assholes every night
The assholes get elected
And assholes get elected
And assholes get the praise
That's 20,000 assholes
And assholes on the day
Because besides good people
That assholes on the parade
The sooner the better for that Julio by the way
13 told 12 on 5.60 QAM
The phones are out
Or at the very least I can't punch anybody up
Is there anybody on there on the main unit
Do you see anybody on there?
Yeah, crank
To show you how to push them out
The homeless voice people
While I got some stuff to read before I go on
Because you doubt it
About everything
But specifically about the Pope
About the Pope and that chair
It's called the Porphyry Chair
I hope I'm pronouncing that correctly
Thank you Alan by the way for sending this to me
And yeah
And it's a papal throne
With a hole in it so that you can check
For the Pope's balls
And here is the article or at least an article on the issue
Which I might read
Let me move this out of the way
We're doing engineering
In the middle of the show
But that's okay
It's just for flavor, it's for spice
The Pope's balls
In the lives of Pope's 1479
Bartella
It's a long Italian name
Bartolomeo
Bartolomeo
Bartolomeo Platina
Reported that for some time all papal nominees
Had to have their testes felt before being installed as the new Pope
This was to prevent any woman use surpper
From ascending the throne
A fear that had grown out of rumors that one of the more earlier popes had been a woman
Platina tells of one 9th century Pope John
Who was discovered to be a woman
She disguised herself one young as a man and traveled with her male lover a scholar
In Rome she met with few who could match or exceed her knowledge of the scriptures
By her learning and brilliant reading she gained great respect
And was chosen Pope by common consent
Unfortunately says platina the Pope became pregnant by one of her man servants
She hid her big belly for quite a while until one day when she was going to the letter in church
Her labor came upon her and she died upon the spot
Maybe God was punishing her
She had presided for two years one month and four days and was buried without any pump
To prevent such a travesty from reoccurring
Rome's cardinals introduced the porphyry chair
P-O-R-P-H-Y-R-Y
Porphyry
A throne of purple stone with a hole in the center
When any new Pope is first seated explained platina the youngest deacon
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Of course, of course the youngest one
The youngest one, right?
Of course, why would we think anything else?
The youngest deacon reaches up through the hole in the chair
And touches the Pope's genitals
I'm going to save this for you because you think that I'm making it up even as I'm reading
I think you're at living the whole thing right now
Is the story of the 9th century Pope John True?
It's hard to say for sure
Officially there were at least two popes named John in the 9th century
One was an anti-pop and thrown in 844 by the people of Rome after violent demonstrations
Against outrageous in the papacy, maybe pedophilia
Eventually dethroned and nearly murdered
He was dispatched to a monastery and nothing more of his fate is known
Another, John the 8th was elected in 872
Was the first Pope to be assassinated, poisoned by his relatives, and then clubbed to death
Amid such skulled doggery, one of my favorite words, there might have been a woman Pope
Oh wait, I see stuff now
Julio's the man
I see things Julio is, as they say, can I say the shizz?
He's the shizz
I won't finish the rest of it at
QIM, hello
Testing 1, 2, 3
Yes, you're right
Working, alright
Testing
That first guy they called about talking to you about the gay instead of a homosexual problem
That's funny, why is the church having a homosexual problem and none of the rest of us are
Exactly, I'm surprised you must be a little slow today because I'm surprised you didn't recognize him
He almost messed up a controversial deal again
Oh, was that George Bush?
That was Jones
Oh, I remember Jones, yeah
And uh, other question, do you happen to have any kind of update on our friends Rick and Scudz?
They're still on the beach
Wow, hanging out getting paid, huh?
Yeah, although Rick volunteered to do the summer show
So maybe you'll hear them during the summer, I don't know
And rather hear more sogs
Okay, alright, take it easy, that would be wonderful, QIM, hello
Hey, I just got back in
Oh, what a timing, what coincidence
What's going on?
We're doing a radio show, want to be on it?
Ah, Clayback
What is it? You'll call me back? Alright, when you think of something to say? QIM, hello
See, they're coming for you, Miguel
You and your lesbian twin fan car alarm
QIM, hello
Me? You?
Oh, you're gonna be at a church hall in the night?
Not tonight, sir, next week
Oh, okay, alright
Take it easy
I think he's coming to kill me
QIM, I'm gonna be there tonight
Yeah, go there tonight, I'll be there, T-E-Q-I-M
Yeah, the victims of the
Precive by a huge margin have been boys, not girls
Yeah
Yeah, and we know that
That would make them homosexual
They're pedophiles, they're molesting little girls
No, they're homosexual pedophiles
They're homosexual pedophiles, okay, there you go
Yeah, and
It's a homosexual problem, it's not an homosexual
I see, so all homosexuals are pedophiles
No, I just think they have more of a chance of being a pedophile than a head of a school
What grade did you get in logic in high school?
A, a plus
A double plus, I taught the freaking class, how's that?
They're homosexuals, but the priests aren't doing it together, however
Exactly, there you go, although maybe they are
You know, as an appetizer, as a warm up back, maybe they work out on each other, as a warm up
They're homosexual pedophiles, you are correct, sir
But to suggest that because someone is a homosexual, that there is more of a chance of them molesting a child than a heterosexual, you are wrong, sir
Pedophilia comes from twisted individuals, whatever it is they go
It's like people that do animals, it's not a normal thing to be sexually attracted to children
If you are a heterosexual and you're sexually attracted to pre-pubescent little girls, you are abnormal
If you're homosexual and you're attracted to pre-pubescent young boys, then you are abnormal
And that is who they are molesting, is pre-pubescent young boys for the most part
They're sick, twisted individuals, and here's a whole crew of them that you're supporting
Given money to, what?
What?
You look like you wanted to say something
I'm just listening intensely
Okay, QIM hello
You're gay
You are
QIM hello, chronic, loser, life revolves around us
Hello
It's you
Hello
Hello
Hi, why are you on speakerphone, sir?
Why are we on speakerphone? Are you in the church?
Am I in the church?
Why are you on speakerphone?
I'm running another room to shut my radio off, man
Oh, good idea
I just want to make a comment that the church hit that mostly for financial reasons
They had to like, they wanted to save the flocks, so they didn't want the word to get out
That's the priest we're having, you know, we're doing children
Children?
Yes, exactly
I think more of a financial decision than a whole
Well, that's what they're about is finances, besides fun, fun and finance, finance and fun
Yeah, so to speak
Yeah, I was totally calm and I want to make you know who won the liquor game last night?
No, QIM hello
Yeah, yeah, here we go
Hey, George, I want to invite all the banks
You want to invite all the fags to your house for a circle jerk and you're going to be the pivot man?
QIM hello
Hey, George, I beg to differ, but a lot of the reports of a molestation are being reported by employees when they were teenagers
No, you're another one, you're not the one, they're there
They have teenagers that are being molested too, which by the way is still wrong
But nevertheless, 8, 9, 10, 11, yeah
Homosexuality is rampant in the church, in other words, there's a lot of priest to priestize that
Oh, there's no denying that, but that's not the problem
And in fact, traditionally a lot of times these Catholic families would send their kids off to the priesthood because they were gay
That was one of the...
Who else would join, sir?
Who else would join a group of people?
Well, they're not, you're contradicting yourself
I am not
You know what? Because you're hearing what you want to hear, you're already brainwashed
First of all, why are you even listening to the show?
So go listen to your priest
You know what? There's going to be a Catholic show on a radio station from three till six this afternoon
Brokered, of course, why don't you listen to that and touch yourself
Why aren't you listening to your priest right now? Why are you listening to this heathen...
Hate-filled heathen's spick on a talk show right now
Ripping into your hypocritical leaders there
The fakers that you believe in
Why do you care what I have to say?
Why are you obsessed with me?
Go to church, go to church right now
Drive there, talk to your priest, haven't feed you some more lies and pretend to know something
The Catholic Church is rife with homosexuality, yes, that is a fact
But the other guy said it's not a pedophilia problem, it's a homosexual problem
These are pedophiles, they happen to be homosexual pedophiles
But there's nothing wrong with being a homosexual
And I wouldn't care if 100% of the priests were homosexuals, as long as they were keeping it within
The confines of consenting adults
Like all the rest of us do
Keep our monkey business to consenting adults
If they're underage homosexual or not, it's still pedophilia
Right, whether or not their homosexual is not relevant
To the fact that they're touching children
They're touching children, so they happen to choose the male children
Well, yes, because that is the nature of their pedophilia, they're interested in young boys
They are sick, twisted homosexuals, as opposed to the normal homosexuals all around us everywhere
And every walk of life, no matter where you are, yes, even in major league sports, there are homosexuals all around you
And you know what, they're just normal people that happen to like one thing different than you
Instead of blue, they like red, instead of this, they like that
Are there any alternate girls?
Instead of p**sy
They like t**s
Oh, sorry, they like t**s
No, there are not any alter girls
So that kind of leaves that option to doubt that?
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. You know what? They have these churches, they have recently
In recent years, I have heard of certain churches having alter girls
But that's a really recent thing, and that's not widespread
Three till 12 on 5.60 WQAM
The weather's starting to get really hot again in between the raindrops
Summer storms and a possibility of hurricane soon follows
So get yourself prepared for a major storm, the big blow
and discover what thousands of people are done to protect their homes, called all weather
systems.
All weather systems have been doing it right, they've been in business for over 15 years
in town, and they're a state licensed FEMA project impact contractor.
All weather systems carry the new state-of-the-art shutterless impact resistant windows and French
doors.
No one's tightly-rugly shutters to ruin the look of your home, and the convenience is never
having to put up heavy plywood or storm panels, too.
All weather systems offers 100% unsecured bank financing, with no payments for 90 days
and payments as low as only 69 bucks a month.
The impact resistant windows and French doors have insulated glass which saves you energy,
reduces outside noises, and the non-breakable glass helps keep out criminals and burglars
and undesirables as well.
All weather systems also manufacture a full line of accordion-style shutters, electric
roll-ups and hurricane panels, too.
Give all weather systems a call today and save yourself the headache of putting up
shutters, protect your family from storms and crime, and keep your house looking sensational
and energy efficient all at the same time.
Call all weather systems toll-free, 1-800-728-5126.
That's 1-800-728-5126.
They provide home protection of the highest quality with service reliability and professionalism
comparable to none.
Call them today and please tell them that Neorodgers told you to call all weather systems 1-800-728-728.
I'll nearest you, call 1-800-728-728-728.
The Neorodgers show on 516-11-QAM, Miami for March 8th.
A golden spirit, a very wonderful WQL in Miami.
Oh man, I couldn't find the bit that I wanted.
I wanted to play Malcolm X Box.
You ever do that?
Well, of course not.
You haven't done the show.
You're going through, you have a bit that you want to play and then you realize that
there's one that you want to hear more.
Dude, it happens all the time.
To celebrate the 10th anniversary of one of the greatest uprisings to the black community
in the history of this country, the LA riots, I have entered into a partnership with Microsoft
to bring you the latest in African-American technology.
The Malcolm X Box.
You won't believe the lifelike graphics on the new Malcolm X Box games, including
the Mard Tyson's Boxing, Brawling and Fighting 2002.
Rodney King's police chase, and if you purchase a Malcolm X Box now, we'll throw in a free
copy of Jason William Shooting Gallery.
It's going to revolutionize African-American gaming as we know it.
The Malcolm X Box.
Pick up yours today.
Oh, thank you very much.
We're just having a conversation off the air.
The new bit, there's a new bush bit.
All right, I'll get to it.
Speaking of getting to things, let me get some of these facts that have been just sitting
there.
Thank you so much, whoever sent me this picture of the Brittany thing from the inquirer
that we're Jones and Four.
I'd like that picture, Miguel.
Oh, I'm sorry.
It was a black blob.
It says Brittany and Justin are back, and all we see is a black blob where the picture
is supposed to be.
Also, Star Wars Episode 7, after recent speculation based on what sounded like a misinterpreted,
quote, George Lucas is finally and clearly ruled out further adventures after Jedi.
Lucas told that he had previously considered the idea, but has since candid totally.
I thought it might be fun to bring back Carrie Fisher, Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford.
When there's 65, make another movie with them, but I'm going to be over 60 when I finish
this, and it takes 10 years to do a trilogy.
I'm not going to spend my next 10 years doing Star Wars probably just as well.
You know what, George?
Watch your finger deathbed.
What?
You can watch it from your deathbed.
You know what, George, you could sublet the franchise.
You could let somebody that has actually seen the movies make the other three movies.
Do you know what I'm saying?
What didn't he write them all like 30 years ago?
Right.
So the stories are already there.
Just give it to somebody who understands continuity and some good actions, some good editing,
and let them do it.
You know what, the guy that did the Lord of the Rings, since they did three in one, all
in one sitting, and he obviously knows how to turn a book or something that already exists
into a movie fleshed out very nicely, very accurately, respecting the original author's
wishes and intentions.
I think Peter Jackson is the guy's name, the director of the Lord of the Rings.
Okay.
Give it to him, George.
Hand the books over to Peter Jackson and say, here you go, what you did there, that trilogy
that you did with the Lord of the Rings, do the same thing with 7-8-9.
On a related note, because I found this story earlier, it kind of makes me sad.
Darth Vader eager to get back into the battle.
Darth Vader is itching to get back into battle with his lightsaber, but he, oh, you know
what the right hand side of this thing is cut off?
I can't read it.
The bottom line is David Prouse, the guy in the suit.
He wants to be in the movies.
He wants to be Darth again when he becomes Darth.
Only problem is the guy's got a bad limp.
He's old.
He's got, what is it?
He's 100% physically able to do it according to him.
Where is it?
It must undergo a fifth hip operation.
He's a wreck.
First of all, you know how tall people, when they get old, like really tall people, when
they get old, they start to fall apart.
Like Andre, the giant stuff, they start to collapse under their own weight, their knees
and hips and ankles give out.
That's what's happening to this guy.
I met him at the one and only science fiction convention that I ever went to and we'll
go to again, nerd.
We had free passes at the station where we were at and my daughter, being a big star wars
fan, wanted to get Darth Vader's autograph.
She was, I don't know, 9, 10 at the time.
Okay, honey, since I don't have to pay, since the station's promoting it, we can
go get Darth Vader's autograph, which we did.
This guy is like, wallide, you know what that means?
Like, one eye is down here.
The other eye is over there.
Did you ever see the guy from the goonies?
A clockwork orange?
He looks like that.
Did you ever see a clockwork orange?
No.
Oh my god.
Sorry.
There are so many things that you need to catch up on.
That's one of those things like, like gone with the wind.
Well, you still haven't.
Sorry.
See, you must see clockwork orange.
You know what?
I'm going to buy that DVD just so I can lend it to you.
I was going to see, but I'm going to give it DVD and that of VHS.
Come on.
Have we met...
Nigger, please.
Just check.
Who are you talking to?
Thank you for that, though.
What do you want me to call it?
Somebody mentioned it earlier in the show that you lent me.
Training day.
Training day.
That was adequate.
That was not bad.
Denzel is good when he's in a good movie.
He's been in some stink bombs, though.
It was great.
That was funny, too.
Virtuosity sucked.
The mighty Quinn.
He can be in some real stink bombs.
Anyway, so I can't read this thing because the right hand side is over there.
It's cut off, but it's just a David Prous.
All these old people like Adam West wanted to be in the new Batman movies.
We're all pissed off about it, too.
What do you mean I can't be Batman?
Well, you're 80.
And you...
You can robins, all right?
And we don't want to remind people about...
If you played Batman, nobody's going to take us seriously.
We want this dark and well, nobody took a few days away.
And then I should be Robin speaking of which.
Hey.
You seen the video?
What?
He's got booties, crime fighting booties.
No, I didn't see the video.
But he plays Robin in the part.
He got the Robin out there.
I see.
No, I haven't seen the video.
The backwards E.
I will have to.
Anyway, Darth Vader wants to be.
It's of sad, sad tale.
Please stop.
And then we can get into other stuff like the Decal Pastor found guilty and molesting a teen.
Boy, 15-year-old boy, pedophile.
But guess what?
He's not a Catholic, so I just thought I'd throw that out there.
QAM, hello.
How's he?
He's all great, then.
QAM, hello.
Hello?
We know who you are, asshole.
Hello?
Yes.
Your voice, I still have nightmares about disguise voice.
Hello?
QAM, hello.
Last call of the day.
Going back to music.
No talent, dick.
You're what?
So like I said, Decal Pastor found guilty and molesting a teen.
Oh, if you actually do want to talk and you're not a fanatical Catholic or if you don't
work for the homeless voice or if your name isn't Sean Canani, you can call and talk.
On 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 in date and Broward, pound 5, 60 on 18 T wireless, 877, 785, 6345 is toll-free
everywhere else.
A Lithonia pastor who's been dodging, who's been dogged for five years by allegations of
child molestation was convicted Tuesday night on charges of molesting a 15-year-old male
parishioner.
The Reverend Troy Brown pastor of Greater Anointed Tabernacle Worship Center was found guilty
of 25 counts of molestation, 11 counts of aggravated child molestation, and 14 counts
of child molestation.
And I don't even know what the differences are.
Moments before the verdict was read aloud in court, Brown peered over his attorney's
shoulder at the written verdict and put his head in his hands.
WQIM, hello.
Yes, George.
Isn't this the same bush group that said the Catholics were a cult?
Now he's pandering the Catholics?
Well, you know, he's got to have their support.
Remember, they have common points.
They want anti-women's rights, anti-abortion.
They want those tax dollars for their parochial schools, whether they're the right wing,
Bible thumping, born again, Christian Bible school or the Catholic school.
So they've got all these common goals.
They have to make friends.
Yeah, he needed a campaign picture of him sitting next to the Pope.
Isn't that a party picture?
Yeah, it wasn't apropos that I'm a moral day bush was they all?
Oh, no, he was in Normandy.
Come on.
Oh, I mean, I get it, but he was in Normandy.
But who bench?
QAIM, hello.
You're straight.
QAIM, hello.
Yes, I am.
QAIM, hello.
George.
Yes.
Hey, I called you here today about the poll.
I gave you Paris and Nikki Hilton.
Yes.
I just wonder what you know.
I found some really good pictures of them online.
Should I send them to you?
Yeah.
They're really, really good.
Let me put you on hold and Miguel can give you my email address.
OK.
I want pictures of Paris and Nikki Hilton.
Do you remember the email address, Miguel?
Without having to look it up.
Here I'll write it on this.
Yeah, right.
Because she's there.
QAIM, hello.
Great show, George.
Thank you.
And?
Was that it?
That's it.
Well, thank you very much.
QAIM, hello.
George.
Yes.
I'm talking to you.
OK.
Forgive me.
I'm a little.
I just burned some criby.
You too, huh?
What you call it?
I got this obsession with Shakira.
What do you think about that?
I think she's hot.
I think she's smoking.
I want her right now.
Right?
Right now, right on my lap.
Right here.
Right in the middle of the show.
I stopped the show for that.
That underneath your clothes is the stupidest song I've ever heard.
I don't like, I only like one of her songs, but I just like her.
Yeah, but the thing is, she just makes it sexy, you know?
Yeah.
With, you could hear her little accent in the song itself, you know?
I like the way she, she does that belly dance and stuff with the little jangles, the
little jangled belt around her hips and little, little riding hip-hugging pants.
She makes me crazy.
I dig it because she's like small breasted and she even uses that line in the song, you
know?
Yeah.
That's cool.
Yeah, I like her.
I like her a lot.
I mean, she doesn't have the greatest face in the world.
You know, like, just spectacular beauty.
You know what I'm talking about?
But she's cute and she's sexy.
She's got sex appeal.
You talking about Shakira?
I'm talking about Shakira.
No, I'm talking about you.
Yeah.
I was busy with your stupid email address.
Sorry.
I'm talking about Shakira.
She's sexy.
Very.
She's not like Sophia Vergara beautiful and luscious, you know?
Well, that, I mean, that's just it.
She's in a league of her own.
She's in a league of her own, but Shakira is sexy.
I like the way she moves.
I like her performance.
She does interesting things with her voice.
I think she could do better and I think she could have better songs that Oho's I see.
That's the only song I like of hers.
Our first CD was great.
Mostly Spanish, but I have them both because I didn't know which CD had the song that I
liked on it because I don't know from Spanish song titles.
So I just bought them both.
It's okay.
It's adequate.
She's just hot.
I just want to.
I'm more of a physical fan than a musical fan.
Q.A.
I'm hello.
Q.A.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
All right.
How are you?
Pretty good.
I'm not a Catholic.
However, I did read an article in the day.
It said that 90% of those abuse are boys and it also said 30% of prese in this country are
homosexual.
Now, my question is, you're supposed to be celibate.
How can you be classified a homosexual as a priest?
What?
Because homosexuality refers to your inclination.
That's what you want.
If you're celibate, that means you're not doing what you want.
So you could be straight or gay and be celibate.
It's the matter of what you're avoiding.
Okay.
They're not actual.
Now, a lot of these boys are 15 and 16.
A lot are another lot of 9, 10, 11, 12, 13.
Right.
So it's very difficult to classify them all as pedophile cases, right?
Wouldn't it be?
I mean, I'm just...
Listen, listen.
I don't care what that 15-year-old girl looks like.
They have these shows on Jerry and Jenny.
My teenagers are slut.
And these girls come out here and then let me tell you what.
They sure as hell could fool me and anybody that I know.
But you know what?
If you do it, it's a crime and you're going to jail.
That's pedophilia.
Absolutely.
All right.
All right, chief.
Have a good one.
It's statutory rape.
You're going to go to jail.
It's illegal no matter what they look like.
And if you want to justify it that way, oh, well, he was a very mature looking 15-year-old
boy.
You know what?
Try telling that to the judge about the girl, about the 15-year-old girl that you just
did something with.
Well, just take a look at her.
She's sitting right there.
Look at them titties.
Judge, they're popping right out at you.
Look at that.
Tell me you wouldn't do that, Judge.
Well, that's not the point.
Now, is it?
1213 on 560 WQIS.
Hey, speaking of amazing places, the girl, let me tell you again, Armadillo Cafe, if
you haven't checked it out.
And I don't know why, because it's been around for a very long time.
Almost as long as I've been in town.
And they started that little unassuming place on Davy Road extension there in Davy.
And you drive by and you think, hey, I hear it's really a great place, but it looks like,
you know, not much.
But in spite of that, it just became more and more famous and more popular because the
food was so good that people would come from all over town to the Armadillo Cafe.
And now, in a great new location, there's no excuse.
There were 3,400 South University Drive between 595 and Griffin Road in Davy, right,
Kitty Corner, the Pizza Lot, there might be unpearable imports.
So it's a great location, tons and tons of free parking.
They got complimentary valley parking, if you like, too.
And the food is unmatchable, certain I would have an appetizer like the Tequila grilled
shrimp with corn cakes or the Tempura Island Princess Conk.
Try one of their terrific spinach salads with glazed pecans or the pistachio-crusted
mozzarella salad with the best infrescency ingredients that money can buy.
And while you're at the Armadillo, some of the entrees you want to try like the pan-seared
yellowtail snapper with roasted peppers or the sea bass with sweet corn and the veal
glaze, just tons and tons of amazing mouthwatering entrees on the menu.
And then for dessert, it is beyond belief.
The cranberry lairs, the best you'll have anywhere in the world, and the warm chocolate
fritters covered with hot fudge.
I'm sure our justice would have never had that and believe me, I probably better not.
Call the Armadillo Cafe for reservations, call 954-4239954.
954-4239954.
Try Armadillo Cafe, one time you'll understand why for 14 years in a row, it's been voted
by one of the best restaurants in Broward County.
It's smoke-free, and like I said, tons of people are too.
Armadillo Cafe, be sure to...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
Free scat married that is scary, Cause there's still got a bone to bury.
Asculot, gold chaplain, and he'll deny that this is happening.
Father Shanley, father Shanley.
Broken little boys make him feel manly.
He may try to shag ya with holy water and fight.
Agra, fly, fly, fly to the Vatican.
They met in Roma.
Try, try, try to wake the Pope, I think.
He's in a coma, priests are messing in confession.
Tell your sins and they get erections.
Just one other thing though, who's gonna pull?
Who's gonna pull the balls at being gold?
1219, 560, QAM, you know I'm not gonna get a chance to get to this Hillary thing.
Well I'll wait.
QAM, hello. It's her fault that the...
You got for Rush Limbo.
Alright, why are you listening to us then?
Thank God to Rush, you really think that guy's listening to Rush at all for a second?
He wishes other people were but he's gonna listen here where he can get some entertainment.
Hillary knows about the billboards, that's all.
While he's touching himself, yeah Rush is right.
I love those. QAM, hello.
Speak back.
You're what? QAM, hello.
George!
What?
How you doing?
Fine, fine, George, let me ask you something.
I don't know, maybe constructive criticism.
You know that an American citizen yet, right?
Not yet, no.
And how do you get criticism?
No, I mean all this and that and you know all this.
Because you know what?
Anybody could have an opinion about anything that's going on in the world no matter who they are or where they're from or what their legal status is.
How do you like that?
As whole.
How do you like that?
Mr. Bragg and about the nature of his birth.
What a proud accomplishment you've achieved.
Your mom dropped you on American soil.
We're all proud, we're all proud over here.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
Hey, how are you?
Hey, I want to give you a good ride on man.
Big, big time.
All right, thank you.
What else?
Listen, I'm going to story about a priest back in high school.
He quit the priesthood.
He was a principal.
And I don't know, all those guys, they drove nice cars.
And then you find out all that way.
But I also got something to add.
The reason why the Republicans dored Bush and all those people and stuff there.
They're like in a man.
Okay, I would have let him go on but in any event.
And I pay taxes so I have a right to say whatever the hell I want.
I'm paying my dues.
QAM, hello.
Hey, George, what's going on?
Hey, how are you doing a show?
Neil got sick, we got an allergy or something like that.
He did the first hour and then he couldn't take it no more and popped a benedrill and went back to bed.
I'm unbelievable.
Hey, regardless of these guys saying you doing a hell of a job.
Why thank you?
I don't care about what they say.
Are you kidding?
They're listening.
They don't miss a minute.
They think they're hurting me by demonstrating the fact that they're out there and listening.
They're helping.
Hey, I know, no problem.
You're a tit man, you're fine with me.
All right.
Thank you very much.
Well, actually more of an ass man, but we all know about that.
Not that, you know, I don't spend a lot of attention around front.
Don't get me wrong.
But if you made me choose between which one to have luscious, they got to have a figure.
They got to have a figure.
We're Cuban, man.
You know, that's genetically...
As much as you deny it.
No, I don't deny that I'm Cuban.
I just, I reserve the right to define how Cuban I want to be.
How's that?
Who the hell is anybody else to tell me what a Cuban is?
Do you see what I'm saying?
It's like one black man telling another black man, hey, you're not black enough.
What are you talking about?
I am what I am and I get to define myself and I'm not going to be defined by the geography of my birth or what the people around me are doing.
I'm going to make my own way.
Thank you very much.
QAM, hello.
Go back.
QAM, hello.
You.
I can't go back.
I can't go back.
I'm paying a dues, asshole.
Kiss my ass.
Sorry.
What percentage of America votes?
10% 20%.
I'm in the majority.
That's the only thing that differentiates me from them.
As I can't vote or I don't vote.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm babbling over you.
No, no problem.
No problem.
Our crisp bush speaks to you and asshole.
Who does?
Chris Bush, you think you're an asshole.
Who's that?
Who's that?
Your buddy, your butt buddy?
Gay lover?
QAM, hello.
QAM, crank line.
QAM, that's the crank house.
Hello.
Joe back.
He's stuck.
QAM, hello.
George.
Yeah.
How you doing, man?
All right, how are you?
Love your show.
Hey, Joe, come back.
I suck.
Go ahead, sir.
George, you know, I think a bushes problem is the Arabs.
I think they're giving, they're giving him the hardest time right now.
And his presidency, I mean, he's struggling all because of those damn Arabs.
Why?
Why?
Why are he struggling because he's an idiot?
He's struggling because he's an idiot, sir.
And an asshole.
QAM, hello.
Hey, Joe.
Hey, how are you?
But you run about a picture of your mother naked?
No, I've got several.
I've got a whole album.
QAM, hello.
God, you suck.
QAM, hello.
And you wonder why Neil doesn't take calls anymore.
QAM, it's your turn.
What do you got?
Hey, George.
Hey, what?
Great show.
Thank you.
I want to talk about the priest and the government.
All right.
What do you think would happen as our justices ponder, ponder, the voucher issue?
And we know how the church is paying out all this money to pay off these people that have been molested.
Why can we give our voucher money to the...
Well, the obvious answer is that we shouldn't, but of course they keep saying that, oh no, no.
That money is going to stay over here.
And the pay off money is coming from somewhere else.
And one has nothing to do with the other.
That's what they're going to say.
Well, if anything should come out as we know, we shouldn't combine religion and government.
Everybody knows that what people keep forgetting, including the people that are trying to push it through,
is that the First Amendment exists to protect the religious and the religions of the world or at least of the nation.
It's so that the government can't support one over another so that you're free to worship freely.
And the government can't tell you anything about it, but they don't confuse them with that.
They just want their money.
And they're convinced, you know, both the Catholics and the big time, the big name right-wing organizations,
the big time right-wing religions, like the assembly of God and the Baptists and all of those people.
They don't care about their right. They would sell their right for dollars, and that's what they're going to do.
Well, the justices are pioneering the issue right now, so I hope they make the right decision.
Send them a letter.
All right.
All right.
I hope to God that they do the right thing.
QAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
No time for people to radio on.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes.
Hey, man, every time I turn a radio on, these guys are ripping you.
Yeah.
Well, they suck, man.
Because I know.
They're in love with me.
They're fooling somebody.
They're listening to the show and calling.
Yeah.
Like if they were doing a radio show, would I be listening or calling them?
I think I will.
I did.
Not only the people on hold heard that.
You're trying to sandbag me now.
You're just like all the other guys.
QAM, hello.
You're the kid.
QAM, hello.
I know that.
All right.
I've gotten the letters.
Hello.
George.
Yes.
Why do white people go to black yard sales?
I give up.
They get their tonsil.
OK.
1226 on 560 QAM.
Let's just set the record straight on mattress delivery policies.
Only down on mattress 1,800 mattress delivers on the day and time you want.
Within any two hour window for 8 o'clock in the morning until 10 o'clock p.m.
as soon as two hours from when you make the call.
Let me say it again just so you get this straight in your mind.
Only down on mattress 1,800 mattress delivers on the day and time you want from 8 in the morning
until 10 at night as soon as two hours after you make the call.
Every day, seven days a week, even Saturday and Sunday, day and evening, and the sun
other words to make a long story short, whenever it really is convenient for you.
The next best service available in the delivery is Tuesday through Saturday and a four hour window
and they choose the window and don't even tell you which four hours until they call you the night before.
Stinking service, right?
If you want great service, great selection and prices unbeatable.
Do what I always do when I need a brand new name, brand mattress.
Call our friends at dial a mattress anytime you're in the mood.
24 hours a day, seven days a week, choose the silly sort of Simmons or King Coral
that you really wanted at a great low price, and then choose when you want them knock on on your door
and stuff it in their four in the mattress too.
Call dial a mattress today, toll free 1,800 mattress, 1,800 MATT R E S, or check them out at mattress.
It's like they're my natural routine.
We make sure 10 on sports radio 5, 6, 8.
Chew AF.
That's when the shots came in.
I'm Ted Nugent, rocker, patriot and sadistic caveman.
As you know, the tragedy in 9-11 was like a really bad thing that happened because of Bill Clinton and the Jews.
So I want you to show your support for our president who was appointed by God himself.
For a limited time only, you can have this personally autographed photo of our fearless leader on that tragic day.
It's in full color and on genuine paper made from trees in the great north west.
Yours for only $150.
Now come on, an item like this will suit me an eBay collectible, you know that.
So call 1-800-NRCC right now.
But wait, if you call with them in next 10 minutes, you'll receive this never before heard audio of our mighty president on the morning in 9-11.
There once was a caterpillar who was very hungry.
He ate an apple but he was still hungry.
Excuse me, Mr. President, there's been an attack on the World Trade Center.
Then he ate some strawberries and had a stormack at God.
The Uncle Tick is on the phone.
You shouldn't need a lot of junk food because you'll get a stormatchy egg.
That's 800-NRCC.
I tell you what, if you call now, I'll even throw in this here.
A bunch of bananas on my walls.
28-1-560-WQ-A-M-I, you know that guy that brought the video by Chopper at the appearance?
Oh, you weren't there.
Chopper John?
Chopper, remember we were talking about Eric Banna who's going to be the head of the Hulk.
Now that we got the story right, some French bodybuilder is going to be the body.
They're putting the sensors on his body to digitize his body shape and movements that goes into the computer.
Then this actor who I assume is Australian, either that or he's doing the really great Australian accent.
Acting it.
Eric Banna is going to be the head and face of the Hulk.
They're going to put it all together, same kind of deal, sensors on his face.
That gets fed into the computer so that the Hulk is all going to be computer generated.
With all the muscle movements and the leaping around in whatever else he's going to be doing.
But so this guy, I said I didn't know who Eric Banna was.
This listener brought by a very nice guy, brought by a blockbuster rental to the appearance.
Finally, saw it.
If you're out there, I know he told me his name, but I forget.
So I finally saw it.
Not a bad movie.
It's based on a true story.
And when you have a movie that's based on a true story, you can't really embellish a whole lot.
Do you know what I mean?
What movie was this?
Chopper.
Oh.
Oym Choppa.
It's about Eric.
Oh, Mac.
His name is Mac.
Mac Choppa Raid.
And he's a crazy person.
He's a lunatic.
Reminds me of a couple of people I know, by the way, that are just right on this side of the line.
And you don't know what point they're going to go over it.
But a lot of stabbings and shootings and everything like that.
There are some graphic scenes, a lot of gratuitous violence in the movie.
Well, not gratuitous.
It's, again, based on a true story.
So I presume it's stuff that happened.
Supposedly, Australia is most sold criminal author.
I don't know if they have the same son of Sam Laws over there in Australia, apparently not.
Because this guy committed some crimes, wrote a book, and he's a best-selling author and kind of like a local celebrity over there.
This Chopper read.
So it's about him.
There's a lot of prison stuff, stabbings, shootings, he's shooting some people, and stuff like that.
The best part about the movie is that this Eric Vanneguy is actually a really good actor.
Accent or no accent.
Because he goes back and forth from being a real, like, Australian street scummy,
kind of a gangster mode to this really nice guy, like when he's being nice to people, and putting on the nice act.
He does a really convincing job of both.
So if he's going to be the Hulk just acting wise, it's actually going to be decent assuming that they do it right,
and it gets translated and that is faced and everything that he's doing gets translated over onto the computer.
Because he was really doing a good job acting in that movie is the best part about it.
And it ends kind of well, I'm not going to tell you how it ends. You might want to go see it. Chopper.
No, I'll pass.
QAM Hello.
Cranx.
Yeah, I have a lot of fun.
All day Cranx, yeah.
You know, it was a great line. You said just because where your mother popped you out.
Yeah.
QAM Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
This is the Kishpa lady.
Hi, Kishpa lady. How you doing?
Okay. How are you?
Doing fine.
I listen to you all the time, but I haven't had a lot of time to call, but my daughter calls you all the time now.
Oh, tell her to stop.
Little Kishka.
No, she loves you.
Oh, okay.
What I want to do now is I love her, but don't be chronic.
No, she does.
George, when Debbie Dudu purges his list this time with Miss Catherine,
are they going, when they do the felon purge, are they going to take his wife and daughter off the loading list now?
Well, they weren't felons now.
Were they?
Oh, what do you think writing fake prescriptions is considered?
Hi, I don't know, not being a lawyer.
Oh, it is a felony offense.
Okay.
That's a good thing.
You know what I don't want to mention that I was listening to another station this morning, but I was.
Bob, Florida net.
I guess it's on broker radio.
It's on Waxi and he just rips Jeb all morning long.
And I can't listen every day because that's all he does, but this morning he was going in on that about the voter thing and going back over the election thing and he was going county by county,
but the voter turnout and the check things that they were going to, you know, that they were excluding Puerto Ricans from voting in certain counties based on this or that or they could speak English or, you know, they were basically checking the
credituals and rechecking and doing this heavy duty screening and turning people away when they're Puerto Ricans in these Puerto Ricans counties.
Well, everybody knows that Puerto Ricans are American citizens.
Born in Puerto Rico.
That's America.
Hey, the break it to you.
They're yours.
They're not mine.
They're yours.
And they were turning them away because they weren't convinced that the Puerto Ricans were American citizens.
There's no such thing as a non-American citizen Puerto Rican.
But Puerto Ricans are largely democratic.
So that's why they were doing the heavy screening in those areas.
Cuban areas where they may or may not be American citizens, everybody got to vote.
Just come on in.
Here you go. I'll help you fill out the card. Everybody gets to vote.
Just thought I'd mention that.
QAM, hello, since she brought up the voting thing.
QAM.
Hey, George.
Hi.
Hey, George.
How are you doing?
I don't want to admit it, but I was listening to another talk show yesterday too, slightly more rooted in the years.
I made an interesting comment.
He was talking about the anti-war demonstrators in front of McDill Air Force Base during the Memorial Day celebrations there.
And he said that's disgusting.
They should take those people and they should deport them and send them to the Dominican Republic.
Is he really that dumb?
Does he miss the basic concept of freedom?
Yes, yes.
They cloak themselves in liberty and freedom and patriotism.
Right.
But if you have an opinion that doesn't match the government, you should be deported.
You should be deported.
Remember, it's freedom of our speech, not your speech.
Freedom of our speech.
So I don't know whether it's just an act, but they seem like they just miss the concept.
No, no, no, they know exactly what they're doing. They're not seized.
And they don't care.
All right, now I want to run that body. That was fun.
Okay. All right.
I should say fascist. You know, we just throw Nazi out there like it's nothing. They're fascists.
QAM, hello.
Get some matured.
QAM, hello. Get a life. Get a life you fag. Hello.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, George. Hi.
Hi. How are you?
Fine.
All right. Good.
I'm going to say some of my mom.
She's called a crying, leading.
Hello. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I'm your biggest fan, George.
Sure you are.
QAM, hello. I don't want you to as a fan. Go away. Go find a life.
George? Yes.
Hey, George. How are you though?
Fine.
Have you ever heard of a comedian by the name of Jeff Dunham?
No.
He's got a dummy that looks exactly like a bald George Bush with a sour push.
He's going to be on Comedy Channel on 1030 on Friday.
Okay.
Catch it. The idea of that all over.
I'll write it down to catch it.
Will I remember? Probably not.
QAM, hello.
Die.
QAM, hello.
BFIEC, Castro Coni.
QAM, hello.
I'm really little.
QAM, hello. He's a little one. All right.
Hello. You're so obsessed with me. How can anybody be so obsessed with one person?
Go ahead, sir. Not you. Those other people.
Well, maybe you. Hello.
No, no. I've called you one time before you.
Okay. No. I'm talking about those other guys.
They realize they're doing nothing else today except calling me.
How can any group of people be so obsessed over one person?
They're absolutely insane. I called you hung up on me a second ago.
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm just going. I'm going through real quick.
I know. I agree with you. You know, where you born has no bearing on who you are.
The religion you are, you know, people picked up.
And that's what Neil was saying. He was saying that yesterday.
Was it yesterday? No.
But you know, he considers himself a citizen of the world that we should start getting so upside about borders
and who you are, where you come from and everything. What difference does it mean?
It's like oil. Like people sitting on land, you know, the earth's oil and say, well, that's mine.
Yeah.
But there was a column I believe was in the new times about the oil pipeline in Afghanistan.
Right.
And how they were trying to build it before the Taliban or with the Taliban rather back in February of 2001.
Correct.
And now they're trying to build it again. You know, they're not looking for bin Laden or anything like that.
But we need that pipeline, buddy.
And it just seems to be that they came out with a study that said for 120 billion dollars,
because everyone in this country could have electric cars that get 50, not electric electric gas, you know,
combinations that get 50 miles to the gallon.
And we would never need a drop of Saudi oil or even Venezuela in oil.
And, but of course, all the common factors and everybody else is against it.
And the oil companies like the President's buddies can be single one of them.
And the other companies are in bed with it. Right.
And it just seems that if you're really going to make an effort, it goes back to I'm 43.
So we're going to a little bit before my time, but my folks.
And you know, if you're going to make a war effort and you say, well, gee, you know, we could just give every single person in this country a car that gets locked.
They're all doing their part.
Granted, it won't be an excursion.
You know, it's something that's big as that.
Oh, I would love one of those little electric cars things.
You know, for a personal getting back to worth thinking those little hybrids, if they looked a little better, I'm not crazy about the look of them.
But, you know, if everyone had it, the safety factor would be played because you would have to be worried about getting ran by a 6,000 pound truck or something to that degree.
But the thing was, it was like, they're so against these kinds of changes that would make, you know, they're putting into their pocketbook.
Of course, they're going to resent that.
You know, but in the long run, the pocketbook would be better off because fighting the war.
I mean, did you see the thing with India and Pakistan now?
Of course, how could I not? They're on the brink of nuclear war.
Nuclear. They said, first like 12 million dead first strike.
Right. They said with a couple of repeated strikes, there would be 100 million people dead.
You can't even fathom that.
I'm just glad it's over there. Although, watch out for that cloud.
Well, the earth seems to be a smaller place today, doesn't it?
Sure is. Yeah, I'll see you later.
Take it easy. I'll see you in the shelter.
18-01-560 WQAM.
If you find yourself looking in the mirror and thinking you could be doing much better if you took care of your hair loss,
then get to the phone right now and call the best in the business, Charles Alfieri.
Charles has been helping the famous and not so famous, look their best for over 25 years.
But you wouldn't even know his work when you see it because Charles has created the best and most natural looking system in the business.
The most critical area of any hair system is the hairline.
Charles Alfieri's new skin-like hair system is 100% undetectable.
They look like it's growing right out of your scalp.
Charles Alfieri's work is guaranteed. You try his hair system for 30 days.
If you don't absolutely love the way it looks and feels, return it for a full refund.
Make the call today, 1-800-321-2413, and tell Charles that you heard it here on the near-roger show to get your special WQAM 200-$1 discount off the regular $800 price of that natural hair line system.
The secret to a great hair system is to make sure nobody can tell you where you're wearing one.
And Charles Alfieri's new skin-like hair system is as natural as it possibly can get.
So call today 1-800-321-2413 or log on to WWW...
He's there in the oval office though he's not sure what an oval is.
He's practicing his speech that he's been working on for weeks should be a breeze.
But it's not for a man who thinks that if you're from Iran, your ear rings.
He's still no smarter than the center of central gold.
He could say his brain is useless kind of like the Chinese clocked up ventricles.
Now he goes to give the speech with WQAM, he cannot reach he looks afraid.
But he won't tell you how he feels instead he'll talk about some bad mistakes he'll make.
He can't spell he cannot run out loud.
He can't speak so what he says is always in doubt.
Don't ever clue don't bring it in his head so he just babbles on.
Babbles on.
Babbles on.
Hey hey hey hey.
12-1-560-WQAM 5-670-560 is the number to call in date and Broward-pound 560 is free on Verizon Wireless 877-785-6345 everywhere else.
Want me to take a few of these obsessive calls and then I'll talk about Hillary destroying bills hopes for a TV career.
Okay it's in the inquirer. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello.
QAM hello.
QAM hello.
QAM hello.
QAM hello.
QAM hello.
QAM hello.
QAM hello.
QAM hello.
QAM hello.
QAM hello.
QAM hello.
QAM hello.
The Rode Block, the Hot Style, people of the poll voters in Oceola County that are surprising you down here in the banana republic.
Explain to me also how is it possible that you can just ignore 11,000 SWOT after David's and the balls that I play?
they can i have to cut you off because mcgill is going to die
i have a heart attack
that he calls every show or just ours
every every single show alright
very hysterical that he will he's hysterical he's excited
you know what today i'll talk to anybody well almost anybody
qa hello
hello yes
okay
turning uh...
pakistan and india
uh... there's uh... device to have a razzle that would render any new
i'll go out all boy
i would trade
a million of those your game
or use soccer calls about my mom being a crack or
a million of those
to never have to have one of those
the art bell people
qa hello
hey
god man what i mean i'm just dumbfounded by the show
well that that's what we're here for is to dump found the masses
he exactly
don't be a lot of word
i usually don't call i just listen to the jerk off the call and three
than the other day called
did
whatever
uh...
you know the guy called a little bit ago about i think you mentioned about uh...
the drive time show on the uh...
that shows i think the channel of one of the few
and then about a two hundred people who were uh...
rush
no
it was time
it was named
who's that
the guy called it said that uh... somebody made
a little bit about the two hundred people who were to be demonstrating
on the more you know what not
any couldn't believe you know that he did that that's not said all you have
a
uh... you know
so anyway
one thing i have to agree with
you know i agree with anybody who has an opinion
you have a right to say it i don't care if you need to be
literally call it i'll have a thing about your mother apparently so whatever
yet they don't they'll know her apparently
i guess they did you know the close-posed one or something
so i'm not sure her crime poormouth anymore obviously she's making a lot of
money if she's getting two bucks a pop
exactly
the only thing i guess it got me was given the times of her in
with the people that i i would have a problem by giving you one of the
people the finger
grand they can do with the right but that's your
freedom of speech right
right to do that
and then again a guy a rater has right to say what he wants to say well
you know it goes around comes around and we can say that he's an asshole but
you know remember like during the Vietnam war and i was a little kid but i
remember sitting there like a captive audience watching the newscasts
and uh... a lot of people had a problem with those demonstrators and uh... here
we are few years later
realizing hey you know what they had a really good point
that would have a good idea of but not not to say that that's the case here
because i don't agree with them
right uh... for for what it's worth
right now
how about yeah freedom of speech for everybody how's that let's just all get
along and uh... and we can all flip each other off but no hard feelings
there you go all right
okay worse than we think you know what's a good show
thank you
i wish i could say the same about gerry today exactly what i was talking about
woman running around her brought underwear
i wouldn't want to see
ever
on my worst day
on my best day however you want to slice it
oh man cottage cheese doesn't begin to come close to describe that site
eight till one on five sixty q a m
you know maybe the thought of replacing your carpets is crossed your mind
but you're not sure if you want to make that major investment right now
but if you miss that fresh sent and bright colors your carpets used to have
i'm here to remind you that a good friends over dry concepts are just a phone
call away from bringing your carpets right back to life
dry concepts understands you probably put a good investment of those carpets
when you want to last and with dry concept state they are dry cleaning system
it's the best way to protect that investment
don't be fooled by those five ninety nine-per-room specials
they keep your carpets damp for two days and then the state comes back in two weeks
dry concept certified technicians will treat your carpets with care
leaving them limited fresh
and more vibrant color to
and with dry concepts in their unique system you can clean today and entertain
tonight
i've been using them in my home for years they're good enough for mom as well
so called dry concepts today and tell them that neopoldia that they're the best
because they are and brought called nine five four three seven oh seventy seven
seventy eight or two three one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one
that's one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one
dry concepts don't forget clean to
to rules and interfort
and caverns canites weeknight and 10 on sports radio five sixty
a few a.m. you call that a penis
it is so huge I filled my tank up how was I to know I'd be helping finance nine eleven
by giving money to you and a cal or advocate in the car liel group
I turned my lights on last night how's that a no as paying James Baker's green please
I mean to do today how was I to know I was providing bath water to the
middle east now that needs a bag I guess every time you like a marijuana
cigarette you're helping to finance run over lords and breaking a law based on
the old movie reifer madness
let a children up is the schedule of old man guide
I just spent a river joint now I'm white man you know for now I will jump a
this message paid for by the committee to keep America in the dark ages
three-till-one five sixty q.a.m. q.a.m. hello I like your social can you please
wait stump thank q.a.m. hello no never again hello
yeah hello George yes hi yeah they were talking about this guy in Libya
Muha'a Mahabad Al Qaddafi he wants to pay off the families of the victims
we're not bad anymore please uh to stop the embargo
I don't trust him as far as you can throw but no
