other
god
uam.com
God
Number one movie and number one soundtrack
Skinny white kid who thinks that his skin is black snapping and rapping and talking his smack
It gives more booty than the whole rap pack
Gray's in a trailer in the motor city
Doesn't like moby boy bands or peed any and it's no secret it's easy to see
Emma and Hases wife and his mommy
Err
He's shooting with Christina Aguilara
Speaking in riddles just like Yogi Farrah
He's hot from New York to Minnesota
Welcome to the Marshall Matters era
Death to wearing lots of swearing Hollywood bad boy
When will he sell out how long do you think before he joins in sync
Alright I know two at five sixty but that's your ends abrupt I'm not shown up I like that though
You don't like that? Yeah that's great I think it was
Who cares about the end okay by the way don't forget we draw the line at night that's right
I said that yesterday sometime during the show during that psychotic rambling I was going on about and that's going to be the new approach
We'll still play all those book of Brian bits including that guilty what's that one called about his balls
Go these balls we'll play all of those because they're great but as far as this other crap that's going on we draw the line at night
Which means as far as I'm concerned the radio station exists from 9 a.m. to 6 a.m. All of our pyzons you know the mad dog and the Humper and Eddie K and even the big
Oh! And my good friend Joe Zagaki who's got a sense of humor and Joe and Mark and who'd I leave out anybody else
I think that was pretty much it and that's it
In other words to make a long story short the other one the unmentionedable one he just he don't exist anymore in my mind
Because it's after the last couple of days what's the point you know no more overtures no more dressing up
No more trying to please grumpy old people I just I'm not gonna waste life is too short
So that's our motto on the show we draw the line at night got it got it right that down mark it down put it on your forehead give everybody like your colors
Branded on his ass we draw the line at night. That's it. Thanks Robert see I knew that would come in handy someday with it wouldn't you?
Huh it was only matter of time good old Robert I've told him once I've told him yeah I learned how to speak can't do it
By the way before we start with the irregular stuff and even the poor result this story from the Brit Daily Mirror if the risk of getting a little bit too newsy already
George war whatever bush aids his inspections or not will attack in other words they're actually so brave now they're coming right out and saying all of this
Posturing now and sending Hans Blix in there and all these inspectors this is just a dog and pony show as they prelude to the fact we're going in with the
Like it or not George Bush's top security adviser last night admitted the US would attack Iraq even if you and inspectors failed to find weapons
Dr. Richard Pearl stunned MPs by insisting a clean bill of health for from UNC weapons inspector Hans Blix would not hold America's war machine
Evidence from one witness on Saddam Hussein's weapons program will be enough to trigger a fresh military onslaught from one witness
He told an all party meeting on global security
Former Defense Minister and labor of back bench your Peter Kylfwell said America's dooping the world into believing it supports these inspections
President Bush intends to go to war even if inspectors find nothing
This makes him mockery the whole process and exposes America's real determination to bomb Iraq
Dr. Pearl told MPs I can't see how Hans Blix can state more than he can know all he can know is the result of his own investigations
And that does not prove Saddam doesn't have weapons of mass destruction
And other was just because we don't find them don't mean they'll get it doesn't have them which of course is true
The chairman of America's Defense Policy Board said suppose we were able to find someone who's been involved in the development of weapons
And he says there are stores of nerve agents but you cannot find them because they're so well hidden
You actually have to take possession of the nerve agents to convince we're not dealing with a situation where you can expect cooperation
Mr. Kylfwell said MPs would be horrified at the admission he added because Saddam and so hated in Iraq it would be easy to find anyone someone to say they witnessed weapons building
Pearls as Americans would be satisfied with such claims even if no real evidence was produced that's a terrifying prospect Kylfwell be saying how do you like that?
So they're now starting to admit it that's how brazen they are
Pick up my national post this morning which is really crappy newspaper and on the front page is a picture where you talk about a great match
There is a L president there's George W on the right and there's froggy Jean Critchin on the left and they're like...
Now how can they be like what's in that one glass? They're clinking champagne glasses
Sider
Oh my god I sure hope it's not that Dickens Sider
But anyway the headline says Canadian officials call Bush Moron tell you west of but out of defense debate how do you like that?
We'll get to that eventually
I just thought you might be interested in the fact that Richard Pearl is not coming out and saying this is all just a dog in Tony's show
If we can find anybody some schlepper out in the middle of the desert to say he saw this he saw that that's it that's all we need
I mean anybody knows that anybody with a brain larger than their thumbnail knows that this is just all posturing
By the way 54 and sunny yesterday and it's going to be partly sunny in 52 today how do you like that?
Oh! Aren't you amazed? I'm not supposed to
In fact yesterday if I could package it without much warmer than usually this time of the year for example tomorrow it's going to be only 34 for the high up here
But yesterday if you could package one day
Bright sunshine not a cloud of the sky 54 little chill in the air but just I mean magnificent
904 votes on yesterday's poll on our Paula's Razz for real crappy poll they can't be great every day okay?
They can't be award winning polls every day
Which group has made the most progress in the US in the past hundred years and you people at the Palm Beach post it would probably be a pretty good idea
If you want to take a poll I had silly-ass golf Augustus Dyke thing don't put it in the sports pages because women don't read the sports section
So needless to say overwhelmingly because men hate women which we're finding out more and more every day men hate women
They want to use them and abuse them and screw them and whatever else and that's it they hate women
They don't want to be around women except when they're in a mood
Dinner time and bedtime
Which group has made the most progress in the past hundred years?
Women 284 so what do you dixbelly again about I think I think the whole thing is amusing the fact that there's so many people whipped up into a frenzy about golf
Blacks 266 now let's see women got their right to vote in 1920 and I'm a little bit fuzzy on this
Because first they had the blacks couldn't vote because they didn't own property right that goes back before the Civil War
Was that wonder that change?
What I don't know
Ah when did blacks get the right to vote I'm sure before women yes, oh definitely because women didn't get the right to vote till 1920
Right so women 284 you come a long way baby, but we still hate your guts as the message blacks 266 Jews 106
His Spanish 96 gaze 86 we still got a long way to go and Catholics on the bottom 66
Even though we had we haven't had a Jewish president or though we know a gay president
He's not out of the closet who's the one that they're always speculating was gay was it Franklin Pierce or James Buchanan
One of them got me or maybe it was Papu can it Catholics only 66 so they got a long way to go and spread the JFK
Al Smith 1928 got beat by Hoover because Al Smith was Catholic
Did you know that I had no idea well now you know that that's the main reason the Hebert Hoover were a one-ed election
Because Al Smith was the first I think it was the first Catholic ever to be nominated by one of the two major parties
Got his ass whipped but then JFK came along in 1960 and with the help of daddy and a couple of fixed thing a little fixed in the dictated in Chicago
And a fixed in the primaries we got JFK in there not great
And like they say payback is a bitch in her right about that you think we ought to take the first call right now from Boca
Sure because we don't want to do the tone set at the time when we're not really prepared when we're off balance
Here's Boca hello
Yes sir
Yes listen long time listener and I was calling to make a comment last night I was watching the Donnie Huesho
I don't know if you call me I saw I saw that that was quite a show
Let me tell you something about Tommy and you know good show
I was over the summer did a wonderful job who you know he spoke about the church and everything else
It is unbelievable how these Christian coalition supporters get they want to control everything
If it was up to them like you said before I think there'd be no elections
That's right that's right and you'd be you'd be goose stepping in line maybe you'd be doing everything they tell you to or else
I'm telling you because I cannot believe that in the state of Alabama that there would actually put a big
I forgot what they called it but it was it had the commandment
The best line in the whole the best line in the show is when Phil said that if America could vote on segregation they would pass it
Yeah and then he's right he's absolutely right
I'm telling you it should either talk to Carl I mean it should I just wish if we ever we
You can go to shoot me we as America's were more aware of all freedom and how some of these
Now the come the public who brainwashed after the God squat out there is we're outnumbered man they're all brainwashed
Have you know that guy I was the same he was on the he was on the screen the TV screen
Followed on Chris Matthews and he said that he did not believe that the Palestinians should even have a state
He doesn't believe in the Palestinian state I mean this is just unbelievable
Turn it on while you're talking about okay got a run pal have a great day in calm down he's a little bit too whipped up you know
Jerry Falwell has all over the place because like you told me before the show the reason they put him on
There's because everybody hates him right that he's fat and he's fat and just like all these other rabble
Rouses like Ferrican and Al Sharpton Jesse Jackson rabble Rouses the media loves to put them on
There but if Phil would have been doing shows like that one and the one he did with Michael Morphe weeks ago if we did a lot more that
He would have been still on the air in a couple of months, but he won't be what a shame that was a damn good young red
Isn't that amazing right on the box somebody else saw that show I can't believe that unsolicited no less yeah
Now what else very lim was on there for Americans
United for separation of church and state I thought he was kind of I mean I don't know I thought he was a little on a week side
And then they had a rabbit I mean just a rabbit right wing bitch above the God Squad
And then they had the kid with all that I told you about that had the the
The Maryland mansion outfit on I guess the best way to describe with a painted fingernail and the list the whole that whole bit
But he had like one successful battle in his high school to get that under all the God stuff out of the mandatory crap
We used to have to do that in high school and I just frost my ass
Why is it that supposedly and again underlines supposedly tolerant people refuse to understand that you just don't do that
You don't put people in a public setting where public dollars are involved and you require them you force them to set up to battle a bunch of religious words
In Jesus name I'm sitting here mumbling is it every guy damn assembly in our school okay
What kind of crap is that and now religious leaders demand fuel efficient cars that's the best one
We'll get to that in a moment fact our poll is about that today you think Jesus is gonna like come drive it into town
Oh, sir, I think he wants to make a splash I'll tell you right now what I'm gonna vote for you coming in a nice shiny Corvette
Not a brand new one like in a stingray, you know we condition stingray like with a paint job just like a cherry cherry red red cherry
Can't you see that it would look lovely and a convertible no less
They make them convertible candy apple red. Oh, man. I can see that now Jesus coming back and
Parking that right in front of the radio station and putting his sandals up there on the edge of the
Jesus Christ right and looks just like him to me what teams he playing for this week
913 at 560 WQM on a great Thursday, you know everybody needs something different to help them get healthy
And there's a great new product and how just about everybody all the old men we've been talking about it until I'm blue in the face get some
Olio med Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with all kinds of good things
Vitamins minerals, herbals all of these things that other nutrients are in there scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs
Look for olio meds three great new formulas. They have one to help you sleep one to help you control your weight by the way 4 pounds on atkins in two days
And coq 10 which is great for your heart all using the benefits of the best olive oil you'll find any place
Olio meds are now standing product and speaking of places you can pick them up all over town at your public's records and Walgreens stores
For more information about olio med what it does for you and where you can stick it called tool free 1 866 olio med that's 1 866 6 5 365
3633 and you can order their products online at olio med america dot com if you visit your nearest publics and buy an olio med product and data
Broward you can get you a coupon for a free Larry coq Bobblehead doll while supplies last and don't forget to visit their sampling
Providing its sports town every Sunday when those red hot dolphins are playing home games one in a row pick up free olio med samples and product information and pop some in your
Puss today
I know that the Lord even loves neo-roger
There's good
There he was just a walkin on the sea singing to why did it did it dumb did it
He's a man from the land of hell sing to why did it did it dumb did it
He's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's just water into one the next thing I knew we had a layman on his feet singing to why did it did it dumb did it
He's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's
Duh Ch Sounding Sounding Sounding Sounding Sounding Sounding Sounding Sounding SoundingYesE's
Oh yeah, dude.
Do I did it did it done?
He's a Jew.
Do I did it did it done?
He's a Jew.
Do I did it did it done?
He's a Jew.
Do I did it did it?
He's a Jew.
Oi.
9.25, 6.
You WQM.
Almost Thanksgiving, maybe a week ahead.
End of the week from today?
Yes.
And then pretty soon we got Chanooka and Christmas coming up
and New Year's.
It's something for everybody in there for the Jews, the Goiim.
Of course we got Ramadhan.
Is Ramadhan still going on for the Muslims?
Right.
Isn't that January or something?
No, Ramadhan's going on right now.
You better get with it, Mr. Yusuf.
You should know your Muslim, your Islam, whatever the hell that is.
I love the story that you facts me, but I already seen it.
And I didn't download it because it's too long, but I actually
may get to it eventually.
Thought the body.
Yeah, Washington, DC woman believed to be dead
was placed in a body bag by a team from the DC Medical Examiner's
office, taken to the Morgan Putt and a refrigerated box.
And until an investigator was called to officially declare a dead,
found a pulse.
Deborah Wilson, 49, was found Friday morning in her bedroom at the
Museum Square Apartments, 401K North Street, Northwest,
currently suffering from cardiac arrest.
But what happened between the 9.11 call and four hours later when she
was finally pronounced dead remains in dispute.
And just to go on later, it says, when the body was removed from the
bed, she sighed and moaned the source said.
The supervisor from the Medical Examiner's office heard the noises and
said, oh, it's just aspirations, no big deal.
So we begged her up and came back with her.
It bothers me because the woman may have been alive when we put her in
the damn plastic bag.
I don't want to feel like I had any partner death.
He'd be saying.
Yeah, they put her in a refrigerated box.
Yeah, she'll show that Ted Williams a thing or two, not just a head,
but the whole damn body.
She was just chilling.
They put in the head and everything.
And now she's dead.
How do you like that?
She be chilling as I wish it be saying.
Surprise that didn't happen down here.
Yeah, first of all, the religious leaders demand fuel-efficient cars as
the religious nuts again are like that.
Don't forget all you young people out there, religious people out of
crazy people.
And the more religious they are, the crazier they are and the more
dangerous they are.
A group of religious leaders came to Detroit, Motor City yesterday with
a proposition for US automakers, start producing vehicles that are
kind of to God's creation and we will urge the faithful to buy them.
Oh, oh, oh, I hate to break the news.
You folks, mark it down 9.22 on November 21st, 2002.
America's lost.
You've lost it.
It's been completely taken over.
The coup has been completed.
Am I right?
No question.
There's no hope any more, baby.
The delegation, which included representatives from a variety of Jewish and
Christian organizations met with executives and top officials at Ford Motor
Company General Motors and United Other Workers.
Earlier the group introduced a What Would Jesus Drive TV ad campaign, which
is going to be our poll today, sponsored by the Pennsylvania-based Evangelical
Environmental Network, which I didn't even know there was one.
Not even on 30th, we already learned something very depressing.
The ad to begin airing in limited markets next month is too many vehicles are
polluting and then asks, so if we love our neighbor and we cherish God's
creation, maybe we should ask, what would Jesus drive?
Now, can I interrupt this story by just asking, aren't these the same people that
always vote for those right-wingers who would do everything they can to pollute
the environment?
Right, but this might be a different group.
Those oil grabbing, no, it is not.
Well, Jerry Falwell is a guinea me.
Oh, he is?
Yeah, that's right.
He said he should come back in a big limo.
He said he'd rather a big gas guzzler.
So this is what he's an asshole.
Well, he's an asshole, okay?
What's a group of something?
He representatives of GM and Ford said they look forward to a dialogue with the
Interfaith Climate and Energy Campaigns leaders.
They're slain advances and challenges in the effort to improve vehicle fuel
efficiency.
The religious groups which include the Korean Presbyterians, the United
Synagogue of Conservative Judaism, the Menonite Church, are promoting hybrid and fuel cell
vehicles, as well as other fuel saving technologies, framing their arguments in both moral and
economic terms.
If you and the American auto industry manufacture and market more clean cars, we and the American
religious community will not only tell our people about it, but will have prepared them
to embrace such a change, said David Saperstein, director of the Religious Action Center
Reform Judaism in Washington.
Oi!
Campaign leaders said the effort is not aimed at any specific products and no boycotts
are planned.
Ah!
GM said it's committed hundreds of millions of dollars to develop non-polluting hydrogen
fuel cell vehicles and hopes to have a significant number on the road by decades end.
Every major automaker is working on some sort of fuel cell vehicle, but considerable challenges
such as cost lay ahead.
Not to mention all that oil we're going to have from Iraq that we're going to have to
use up.
Many vans, SUVs and pickup cars accounted for half the new vehicle sold in the U.S.
last year.
The average fuel economy for all 2003 model cars and passenger trucks dropped to 20.8 miles
of gallon.
And I'll tell you how I get a hell of a better net in my Corvettes.
As many as 100,000 congregations in synagogue's nation might have been contacted about the
cost and more notifications by letter and email our plan, said the Reverend Bob Edgar,
General Secretary of the New York-based National Council of Churches of Christ, USA.
How do you like that, huh?
I can serve that fuel for Jesus, driving a smaller car, a compact car for Jesus, car
pool for Jesus.
How does it sound, huh?
Sounds good to me.
I got the nice ring to it.
Do some walking for Jesus, park it on the side of the road on the water.
I hear what the appool is today.
What would Jesus drive?
If Jesus came back to work, what kind of vehicle would He drive?
I got eight choices on there.
Do you think it's enough?
Sure.
We're not going to get specific like would He be driving like a Toyota, a Celica or a
Super or whatever.
SUV, God forbid, Corvette, a ride.
He'd ride a camel, Cadillac for old Jews.
Of course, Jesus was Jewish and by now he's pretty damn old, I would assume.
A couple thousand years old.
So Cadillac, because that's the old Joukenu, Humvee, which is almost like riding the
tank, you know, which might never have had idea.
He should have thought about that a long time ago.
Sub-packed compact car to save gas.
Who's Jesus or motorcycle?
Those are the choices.
SUV, Corvette, he'd ride a camel, Cadillac for old Jews, Humvee, Sub-compact car to save
gas.
Who's Jesus and motorcycle?
Those are your, I think this pulls a little bit better than what we had yesterday if
he asked me, which isn't saying much.
Pretty weak pool yesterday.
It just, it didn't say enough with two non-specific.
It was all over the place.
I don't like that.
I like having a pool where you can put your thumb right on it.
926 at 560 WQA.
And there's never been a better time to buy you a new home or refinancing, existing home
than right this moment as I speak.
How about this rate?
How about 3.95% sounds pretty good.
That's correct.
Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95%.
All you have to do is call them and they'll tell you how it works.
Call financial group at their toll free number 1-809-40 LED.
That's 1-809-4053-63.
The money you're going to save is...
From the late book.
And you can get $100,000 loan for only...
I was going to actually save...
From the late book.
I like that better.
You can get $100,000 loan for only $450 bucks a month or a $200,000 loan for only $950 bucks a month.
That's all you pay.
The process is simple and you're going to save yourself thousands and thousands and
zillions of dollars each year.
So call our good friends at Financial Group at 1-809-40 LED.
And you'll be amazed at how much you can save.
There's never been a better time to get you a low interest rate.
So call financial group right now and you'll be on your way to big savings.
Financial group is an equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change if you wait too long.
So call them right now 1-809-40 LED.
Tell them that they'll kneel towards you.
1-809-4053-63.
What are you going to do?
We are supporting 1-805-60.
You a-A-A.
A-B-A-B.
Jesus Christ for extra strength, Dex Edrant.
When you're getting crucified, the last thing you need is headache.
There's so much pressure hanging around with the whole world's sins weighing on your shoulders.
And some f-cking gladiator sticks the spear in your side.
Yeah!
Jesus Christ that hurts.
So when this thorny crown feels like a vice around my head,
that's when I reach for Dex Edrant.
Well, I, I don't reach for it.
Hey!
Anybody got any Dex Edrant?
Hey, Judas!
Could you throw a couple in at my mouth?
Come on! I'm the savior for Christ's sake!
Extra strength, Dex Edrant.
Because a headache is a heavy cross to bear.
It is 9-31-5-60.
Got some major programming news for Thanksgiving Day, a week from today.
Does Carlos know who's going to be filling in?
I don't know.
Now, is Carlos working on that day?
I assume you are, aren't you?
Yeah, I thought it was going to be the tapes.
It's not going to be so.
This is a surprise to Carlos and the audience.
The beast!
I love eating nuts.
We'll be doing the show next Thursday.
They call last yesterday.
Ask me.
He was sitting right there on clearance is left, by the way.
Clarence may not be walking too good for a few days.
But the beast was sitting there right on his ass and like, you know, think, what do you
think?
Tapes are the beast.
You know what I feel about those best of tapes.
And it's only one day anyway.
And anybody with life on Thanksgiving Day, you're going to be listening to some stupid
ass radio shows.
I mean, you've got a, oh, please.
Well, I am now that I know that.
In addition to which I think we got football or something starting at noon, so it's going
to be an abbreviated show.
You are what?
You're going to be listening to the beast?
Well, I wasn't going to be listening to the football, but now that I know there's going
to be an exciting life program on.
But I thought he was unprofessional.
Well, that's not what I said.
Oh, don't start again.
The line draws on.
We draw it nine.
You started it.
Now, let's see.
I'm voting for Corvette.
I make no usually.
I don't tell you right off the bat when I'm voting on the poll because I don't want to
like tilt it.
There's my vote.
Just popped up there.
And you vote yet?
No.
I'm voting right now.
Poll is up there.
If Jesus comes back, what kind of vehicle would he be driving?
Okay.
Let's say, I mean, this thing with a religious bus is just out of control.
I will say this for anybody else that may have seen Don Hue, or even if he didn't last
night.
Very Lynn, who I thought was a little on the weak side, who's this Americans for a separation
of church and state, he comes up with this line about, well, you know, there's, there
are more religionists and more religious people in the West and the other country in the
world.
I guess the way he was putting it.
So the point he was trying to make was that there's all these religious freedoms and
you can practice your religion in church and temple and the mosque at your home and your
backyard and the toilet where we want to.
And there, but see, I wouldn't be bragging about that very because like that kid with the
Maryland man's enough, and the audience said, and I noticed they ignored him real quick.
It was the religious nuts that were behind 9.11, and it started all this crap.
It's the religion.
It's all in the Bible.
All through the Bible.
They just kept rolling along, even Phil, you know, Phil was worried about what he's
going to do after December when it gets canned.
See, once in a great while, Don Hue's old brilliance shines through it comes back,
you know?
But not often enough.
And of course, you've got, you've got all of these people dippy up the non-right wingers.
Those people, most of them over the age of 100 anyway.
Go watch these kinds of shows.
So you've got CNN, MSNBC, and then whatever else the regular program, you know, entertainment
stuff that's on and sports.
And then you got all of the right wingers together around there with the factor and all
another crap on Fox.
They have a captive audience that's growing by the minute I should point out to you.
America is lost.
I don't want to be the bearer of bad tidings to you, especially week before Thanksgiving.
But America is lost.
You guys have had it.
You know what I said, you guys?
I know.
56670560.
Bound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Line.
How's it going, eh?
Huh?
Well, I see that picture of Jean Crétchen and George W. And I realized that Crétchen is
actually like a little bit on the brighter side.
It's really scary.
Speaking of scary Queen Latif or resident on DUI, Jarge.
Do you see that?
No.
Yeah.
What great news.
How could you be saying that?
Are you starting it again?
Can't stand it.
This is the great facts.
Nice going, Jean.
Nope.
I like it.
This is cute.
What would Jesus drive a Christler?
Of course he would.
I love that.
Jesus Christler.
Although I think I saw that on CNN yesterday.
I saw some little kids in there.
But Jean probably ripped it off.
But that's good anyway, Jean.
Thank you.
I think he stole that.
Didn't you see that under yesterday?
No.
But I would have forgotten all about that if Jean would have reminded us.
So thanks anyway, Jean.
You're okay.
He would have been driving a Christler.
That's very cute.
He'd be driving a candy apple red corvette.
They'd be convertible.
Make no mistake about it.
Trust me what I tell you.
Oh, there's the votes coming.
Who's Jesus ate?
Ha ha ha ha.
This poll today is going to put yesterday's to shame.
I can smell it.
Can you smell it?
Oh, man.
Who's Jesus ate?
Motorcycle 6.
Now, where was that thing?
Was that a bit that somebody did years ago?
Jesus is coming back on a motorcycle?
I don't know.
He mentioned.
I don't know.
You've never heard that before?
No.
Except for me, I guess.
I guess it's before your time.
Maybe some old Tom Lier thing.
Anyway, he'd ride a camel five, which is better than smoking one by the way.
Don't you be smoking them faggots all your kids out there?
As Don Cherry would say, all your kids out there.
Boys, is that getting stale?
Oh, it's getting almost as old as he is.
SUV 3, Cadillac Roll, Zewes 3, Humvee 2, Subcompact Cardiosef Gas 2 and Corvette 2.
So only two people say we drive it out Cardiosef Gas.
So if that's the case, the camel is the most gassy fission of them all.
How do you know?
Do you ever sniff that camel gas?
Oh, good point.
I don't think you'd get over the hump.
Good.
God, can you imagine camel droppings?
I guess camel is probably new like horses.
You know, I don't can't think of too many other animals, four-legged animals that
as they're walking, as they're moving.
Oh, how many of you observed?
Well, dogs don't do that.
No, no, unless they, uh,
unless they have the trots, right?
Unless they have the very trots.
No, seriously, think of any other four-legged do mice?
Oh, no, I don't know.
Well, what about any other four-legged animals?
You think that a lion is a dumping as it's walking?
I don't think so.
I think it stops and takes a very deliberate, you know, posture.
And like, when it does, it wraps it out.
I really wouldn't know.
Well, but stop and think about that.
Now, horses, you are aware of this, aren't you?
Of course I am.
Ever been to the race track, and it's always
one of the very embarrassing things.
Nobody, everybody kind of like titters, you know.
Oh, the eight horse just cracked his brains out.
Don't bet on him.
I spent many an hour on a horse.
I know all about it.
Do you really?
Matter of fact, you can tell when they're getting ready to
because they changed their, their gate.
Do they really?
Oh, yeah.
Uh-huh.
And they lift their tail.
Yeah, they lift their swishing their tail.
When horses are warming up and you see them like,
and it makes you wonder,
what those guys sitting behind there, you know.
A lot of them like to stop, actually.
What would Lou Williams think?
I don't want to start with those harness racing names again.
We'll get Dick and Steve all fired up there again
at Pompadot Park.
They'll be sending me over these wild shirts.
Can I get back to Port Queen Latifa again?
Oh, there are to be on this.
And we got side track with harness racing and horse crap.
Hip hop star and actress Queen Latipa
spent part of Wednesday and jail after being charged
with driving out of the influence in an early morning traffic
style.
Latipa, whose real name is Dana Owens,
was pulled over by officers in LA at about 315 AM.
So an officer Alex Del Gadillo of the California Highway Patrol.
He said she was driving a 2003 Cadillac Escalade North.
Oh, I bet you Jesus would like that.
North on US 101 when she was observed making an unsafe lane change.
Several fields of variety tests were conducted.
The performance arrested and taken to jail.
She didn't resist arrest.
In any way, it was cooperative with the
arresting officers Del Gadillo said she posted a $2,500 pay.
It was released from custody with a December 12 court date.
Latifa 32 received a 1994 Grammy for best rap solar performance
for unity.
She's also starred in TV shows such as Living Single,
appeared in movies such as Living Out Loud and Brown Sugar.
There was a movie Brown Sugar.
OK.
Now, did they use the stone songs the theme?
In case you obviously see, if you didn't know there was such a movie,
we'll have to find all these things out.
Just like about what I was asking about.
When did blacks get the right to vote?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
When is this?
How's the weather?
It's not bad.
Going to be in the 50s again today.
Oh, that's great.
I opened up my Miami Air this morning.
And on the Metro section, two opponents of gay rights
named the School Diversity Board.
Right?
Yeah.
OK, the first person is Margaret Haas,
that are a Davey real estate agent.
The next person is your personal friend.
Not Mr. Ego.
Steve Kane.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Now I know this has got to be in the set, no two.
OK, and the second thing, a Jim DeFeed.
Jim DeFeedy, yeah.
Yeah, he put an article in the paper about Pat Riley
and that Mickey Harrison.
Yeah.
You ought to read how he ripped them.
OK.
I saw it, but it was about Pat Riley,
so I didn't bother reading it.
But in case if it's that good, I'll take a look at it.
Oh, it is fine.
I think I've hit him.
He slaughtered him.
Well, going back to what I just said before,
Steve Kane on the, what is it,
not on the school board?
On the what?
He's on the school diversity board.
Diversity board.
Oh, brother.
Yeah.
God, how long have I had, Vasket, baby?
Everybody's having heart attacks.
I've got my passport right now, if I be you.
I would too.
OK, I'll see you at the aborder.
You have a good day.
OK, patrol.
Can you believe that?
Just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just,
just tell me what your problem is.
A man who's refurbished his career by talking
away, handful of old homophobic parts
that you've been into a broom closet.
A man whose whole life has become professional rampant homophobia.
And that's what he lives for.
That's his whole thing, including his little core of psycho
fans that surround him.
Shocking.
So like I said, unfortunately, that's the bad news,
because everybody else has been sleeping, kind of like sitting
back.
They've made liberal into a dirty word.
Everybody else just sits back and lets
these people run roughshod over the Constitution,
over everybody's liberties, and over everything
while everybody else is snoozing.
That's right.
You're snoozing and you're losing America.
I've paid that right now.
It's just like these poles, you know, these right wingers.
They freaked this pole and they load up on this pole.
What's the last time you ever saw liberals do that?
Maybe once in a blue moon we've seen that, but very, very rarely.
Because the right wingers are motivated.
They're getting it done, baby.
They're getting it just like the election.
They got it done.
Because everybody else is sitting back,
ah, well, who the hell cares what can we do?
I guess you can pray a lot, okay?
It's safe to pray.
941 at 560 WQA.
Oh, Victoria Secret on TV, soft porn.
Question mark, we'll get to that.
We're starting with that crap again, you know.
Because the religion is start going to control America.
Pretty soon, not only would you be able to have, not have sex,
but you ain't be able to think about it unless it's to make babies.
Thanksgiving's coming a week from today.
It's amazing.
Everybody's going to be clocking home to be together again,
gathered around the table with delicious homemade food and family traditions.
After all, it's not the turkey that makes the meal special.
It's the people.
Getting ready for hungry guests can be a real pain in the ass,
especially if they're staying overnight.
If you're having a household of this Thanksgiving,
let our friends at Donald Mantris make your holiday preparations
a little bit easier.
Now's the time to call them toll free at 1-800-Matris
and get the new Acroscindy for the house guests get there.
If they already told you that they're coming,
even if you don't hear from them until the night before,
Donald Mantris can still deliver a top quality seely,
service him in their king-croll mattress,
the very same day you'd be calling them.
I've been sleeping on a Donald Mantris for years for a coon's age,
and I guarantee you they are the best all-away around,
for comfort, for price, and for delivery, which is unbeatable.
Call Donald Mantris right now at 1-800-Matris and talk turkey
with the vet in consultant that choose from the very best mattresses
at even better prices.
So rest easy, this Thanksgiving knowing that everybody in a house
is resting comfortably, even the mice.
Get ready for the holidays by calling 1-800-Matris
that's 1-800-Matris.
Tell them that old Neil Tordidicol,
and be sure and tell them Fat Boy,
mention his name a couple of times too,
they'll laugh their ass off.
1-800-Matris brand-name beds,
same day service, call them now,
be sleeping like a baby tonight.
Tonight and all,
this is sports radio plastic.
You way, yeah.
I'll be ice-buckin' on my ass!
Up the butt.
I've come back to the desticular model,
and I'm all how I did it to the show.
You could go, you could go, you could go.
Now, where we got here?
Hey, Mom!
Glad, did you see I'm trying to think?
I just wanna tell you, you even know where my laptop is.
Well, I thought I smelled something fungiment.
Something wrong with you.
No, I won't!
Oh, I split my bag here.
Get that one out of my way.
Where am I supposed to go?
The hell you squeaky little bastard?
Hey, I don't think I got a sneaky boy.
You don't, huh?
No!
I think you need your balls examined.
My balls!
That's right, now drop your pants so I can examine them.
No!
You ever want a wife in this business again?
Yeah.
And I'll pay my command.
Okay.
Oh!
Oh, that's bigger than Oscar Maya truck.
Yeah.
Jesus, look at that thing.
Let me go and flash light over here.
Where's your balls?
Is it?
You're packing a python in your pants and no balls.
I got balls?
Directly.
Oh, yeah.
Well, let's see what happens when I swear my foot down on your feet.
Oh!
There!
That hurt, ma'am.
Hey.
Your voice.
Yeah.
Your sound, I think, is normal.
Oh, yes.
Quite right.
It's a far, far better way to sound.
I don't believe this.
Hey.
Let me see if I can get a bow.
Come back.
Now, say something.
Fall off the bone, baby back rib.
See that?
Your balls dropped it.
Really good, huh?
Each of the Rockies.
You like that, huh?
Thanks, ma'am.
Yeah?
You like that, eh?
Let's see what happens when I put them back.
I'll put them back, see.
I don't need a save, but you're gonna better voice the name.
Hey.
Hey.
What are you doing?
This thing's raffled around me like a cobra.
Yeah.
I can't fool.
It's a point on the road, me.
Not to about.
What's up?
948 is 560.
WQAM.
78 votes on a poll already.
What would Jesus drive?
If Jesus came back to worth what kind of vehicle would He drive?
Who's Jesus 18?
He'd ride a camel 16, Cadillac for old Jews 12, motorcycle 12, a humvee 6, an SUV 5, subcompact
car to save gas 5 and Corvette only 4.
Now, why is that only 4?
I don't know.
He just wasn't stylish.
Huh?
Yeah, he was never acute to being stylish.
Now, he wasn't even a sloppy adresser than I am when he came right down to it.
Nifty sandals, or I think those were broken stocks?
Here's one of the facts that says you have to get the current issue of Mad Magazine on the back of the cover as a satirical pullout movie poster of Star Wars 2.
Its title is Gulf Wars.
It shows George W is a Luke-type figure embracing none other than Kamalisa who's kind of leaning into his chest.
It's almost the same picture you had on your website.
You think, Heather, be steaming.
Yeah, Heather, you better go after Mad Magazine.
Unfortunately, for the editors of the magazine, they can't just delete it.
It's already out there.
So, what me worry?
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Yeah, as if Mad Magazine gives a crap, right?
Well, I've said seven times.
You think we had anybody else who saw Donahue last night?
It's a very depressing thing to talk about.
But the fact of the matter is that we've lost.
And you've lost.
America has been taken over in a bloodless coup by the right wing.
And you notice how well organized they got back in the late 70s when Reagan came in that really gave him the extra impetus.
And they got all of their computerized mailing lists going.
What was that?
Was that Terry Doan?
I think one of those first writing organizations where they had everybody computerized.
They got everybody's on a mailing list.
They started pouring emails and letters into the White House and all this other crap.
And now they're so damn well funded with all their tax-free dollars and other make-believe organizations
that they've just taken over to hold damn thing, pumping all that money into support their right wing candidates.
All these right wing judges you're going to see force through there now.
So, freedom is dead and the public is sitting back on.
Little is like that.
Like, if nothing is going on at all, that's a sad commentary.
Free said.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
How about an elephant?
That's how they do it walking when they're walking.
Yeah, that's not a bad idea.
They do that in India.
Huh?
Sabu, the Indian boy wrote an elephant.
Maybe Harry Elephant, they will write it with Jesus, huh?
That would sure piss off Condoleezza.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I guess so.
That one guy that called us the only one that saw Donnie who, but that was very, uh, you know,
it's the way that worked out though.
That was great.
Because I thought to myself, why didn't you bring it up because nobody on, uh, in our audience watches that show.
Nobody in any audience watches that show.
I mean, if you would have just notified everybody ahead of time, hey, tonight I'm going to do another good show.
Maybe some more people would have watched.
That's the problem, Phil.
Nobody knows those nights when you're going to do a show that's worth watching.
I mean, two shows in what?
Six months?
That ain't too bad.
Two women's groups and a media watchdog organization on Tuesday as CBS, not to air the Victoria Secret Fashion Show,
calling it a soft-core porn infomercial.
CBS said it was moving ahead with the broadcast of Super Models and lingerie on Wednesday night.
Concerned women for America, the national organization for women and the parents television council,
were among several groups protesting the televised fashion show, which was taped to New York City last week.
Now, this is last night they're talking about?
Oh, I don't know.
I guess, because this is from yesterday CNN.
ABC aired at last November, prompting investigation by the FCC, which ruled it did not violate decency standards.
Along with the airing of near nudity, the groups said the show degrades women.
Now, see these dikes?
Every time they come along, I'm going to start getting on the other side of that Augusta thing.
It's easy to do, because it's the overwhelming majority of men are on that side.
Anyway, I think I'm hopping over on the other side.
I almost did the other day, you know what?
I mean, as far as the principal,
is concerned, there's no question that nobody should be excluded.
If it's going to be a major event, it's going to be covered by a network, and those big sponsors, usually, etc.
But, but this time, I think maybe we ought to make an exception.
Because everything is degrading to women according to these dikes.
You know, anytime a woman looks sexual, whether it's in pornography, whether it's even in Playboy magazine,
which is certainly not pornographic, and whether it's on Victoria's Secret, which is most definitely not pornographic, it degrades women.
What purpose does the special service have to overly sexualize women and use this to bolster the network's demographics for young men?
They asked and enjoyed letter to CBS President Leslie Moon-Vase?
Melissa Cardwell, research director for the Parents Television Council, said she had hoped that the hundreds of protests about last year's special would have disweighted broadcasters from showing it a game.
Despite what the PTC says, this is not pornography.
CBS spokesman Chris Ender said it's a one-hour fashion show mixed with musical performances and comedy segments.
Does it push the envelope? Sure, but everyone knows what Victoria's Secret fashion show, as he said, with the events publicity and the content advisory,
every viewer will be armed with information to make their own choice.
And with arms just long enough to reach their groin.
CBS is giving the show a TV-14 rating, and I didn't...
In the case of the material, maybe unsuitable for children aged 14 and under.
God forbid that a 13-year-old kid should be able to see women on their furly, scantily clad.
God only can imagine what he might be doing after that.
The show has bounced around the CBS schedule. It was originally scheduled at 10pm Eastern Daylight Time.
Of course, it's not Daylight Time anyway, but I got some problems on his website, and I'll see you then.
But, worried about competing against ABCs to our finale of the Bachelor, CBS moved it to 8pm.
So I guess this was on last night and we missed it. God, go well.
Then it was moved again to 9pm. Ender said that upon reflection CBS decided it wasn't best to air the show at 8pm.
More used to be considered the family viewing hour.
A small number of CBS affiliates weren't airing the show in prime time, but Ender wouldn't name them.
Two of them were in Idaho, KBCI TV of Boise, and KIDK of Idaho Falls, both owned by Fisher Broadcasting.
I don't believe it meets the standards of our communities in the time period offered to Jeffery Anderson Fisher's General Manager.
It's a family viewing hour, instead the stations were ordered to show after midnight on the weekend.
ABC occasionally blurred the picture last year when especially sheer lingerie was featured.
CBS said it expects not to be a problem this year indicating the underwear is not as revealing.
Damn it.
The PTC council angered by the FCC's ruling on last year's show said it intends to step up pressure on federal regulators if this year's edition is similar.
Also CBS said it ended out at a demonstration by animal rights activists the last week's taping that we talked about.
Four protesters stormed the stage with signs that read,
Jacelle Furskum, when model Jacelle Bunshin, who has a modeling contract for leaving for company, walked the runway.
So how do you like that?
They're all whipped up into a frenzy again.
All these dikes about, oh, it makes women look too sexual and it exploits them.
What else wrong with that?
Well, because they're not sexy, so they're jealous.
I see.
How about these shows where they have guys on here who are like scantily clad all these models?
What's the difference?
Why isn't always that women are the ones being exploited?
Do you ever hear anybody say that men are being exploited?
For sexual purposes, I've never heard anybody say that.
Yeah, that's too bad they're not.
Oh, God, I'm starting to become militant.
You know, I'm beginning to understand why so many men in America hate women.
It's the bull-like movement.
Whatever happened to women who are like, you know, the kind of women that you like to open the door for.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
Women who are like a little bit feminine instead of like rosy, you know, like butcher than we are.
Then you are.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, dear.
I don't think Jesus would drive a car or ride a motorcycle.
I think it's down there.
So just take two portable fans and jump off clip.
You're like, I can fly.
He's a bit the other day was better than that one, but that's not too bad.
Kind of like Clark Kent, huh?
Since we're talking about.
Oh, my God.
When he was living in high school,
the food didn't bud-set,
but drive any head or roll man nuts.
He got more than any porn or star.
Or high school senior in his old men's car.
Aaron must be tired and a bell I bring a cop is for days.
Three, two, one.
It was not surprise me if that thing just fell right off.
He was doing a related with a heartbeat, touching them all from head to feet.
Better than the last guy that's knocked out.
If you want to win his love, you just put out.
Aaron must be tired and a bell I bring a cop is for days.
Three, two, one.
He is but not surprised me if that thing just fell right off.
I like it in here.
Come on.
I like to stay like another.
Six years or so.
Aaron the best was great.
Aaron the best was forever.
Aaron the best was forever.
For you, pain me.
Aaron the best was.
I love it.
Night of tacky TV ends with marriage proposal it says.
Brooke got a broken heart but Helene got engaged in the final showdown of the hit romance reality series.
The bachelor, you see that?
No, he's gonna die.
Dropping to one, the Aaron burgui put the ring on Helen.
Helene, a striker with his finger the A.B. show, a C. show, is closing moments last night.
Would you marry me?
He asked?
Yes, I will.
She replied without a doubt.
I'm relooking forward to sharing my life with you said.
Berge a 20-year-old banker from Spincfield, Missouri.
The proposal on the two-hour finale concluded Berge's eight-day episode.
His eight-episode Odyssey test driving would be partners while the audience eagerly looked on.
Test driving.
In other words, try them out.
Right.
Though blasted by critics as a glorified escort service, the series generated buzz and one viewers,
16.7 million last week, enough to put a dent in NBC's hit drama The West Wing.
But many bachelor fans approached the finale wondering whether there'd even be a bride.
In the first edition of the show last spring, Harvard educated management consultant Alex Michael picked his favorite bachelor red,
but he'll honor the ring and his bachelor's standing.
Viewers didn't have to worry Berge and Unwaly popped the question,
but also paid for the ring himself, read them what the show's producers buy,
and from what we're hearing he's loaded anyway, right?
Yes.
By then Berge's runner-up candidate for wife had been sent packing.
At Bracemar Heart Taffed to this Berge had told Brooke Smith a moment earlier,
its fine smits had braided and broke up in the limousine as it whisked her away.
Why didn't he know I was the one for him? She is!
She broke up in the limo.
It was a battle for the finish, but in larger clash of tacky TV,
the ladies of ABC's The Bachelor were challenged by a hermaphs and skibbies
as CBS aired that Victoria's Secret Fashion Show.
Along with supermodels, the Victoria's Secret special both had pop singers,
including Phil Collins and Mark Anthony.
Oh! The Fennarth Anthony!
I thought it said singers.
Consumer tips when shopping for lingerie considered speed of access
and 34 racks of bras and panties waiting for the runway.
Meanwhile Berge was wrestling with one of the toughest decisions ever made,
he said.
Having whittled the field of 25 candidates,
it was turned between Brunette Helene, a 27-year-old grade school physiologist from New Jersey,
a psych...well, a grade school psychologist?
Grad school.
It says grade school here.
Well...
I'm reading it right on the scene.
Don't tell me CNN made another typo.
It says a 27-year-old grade school psychologist from New Jersey
and blonde broke a 22-year-old senior at University of Alabama.
Well, maybe that's a fancy school.
To help him seal the deal, he took each finalist home to meet his family.
Do you work when you're not having a good time, grandma Estellene?
The next day Berge's dad warmly greeted Brooke, a pretty name for a very pretty girl, he said.
Thank you, she draw.
I wish you could see the way this is written out.
TH-A-N-G-K-E-W-W-W.
Thank you, she draw.
Then Berge had one last laid back day with each contender.
You want mushroomy Estellene offering your pizza?
I thought what he said you want mushroomy.
Maybe...
Why are you reading my mind, she chirp, but so far, David.
No reading Berge's mind.
I'm still in the fancy kept telling the camera.
No one was on the fence about the Victoria Secret Fashion Show first aired last year by ABC,
scoring high ratings in controversy.
How do you like that?
Several women's groups in media watch-lock organizations to see her as CBS,
not to air the new special, tough crap.
But like the fashion's being modeled, the broadcast had one I'm gonna stakeable virtue of brevity.
Lasting just an hour at pre-ditz audience joined the Bachelor at Midpoint,
as viewers got their TV tackiness both ways as CNN.
How do you like that?
I said that bachelor crap at least that episode is over.
Thank the Lord.
Oh, they'll be back with more.
Look at that phone.
Are they smoking on that phone or what?
Huh?
They must be busy lighting them up.
I think the stories between the Queen and the McDonald's thing, that was the end.
That was the kiss of death.
Our pull-out, no, Susan, they don't care about the royal family.
Don't you understand?
They don't even know where the hell the British girls are on the map.
Much less the US.
No, I...
Going back to that thing about the geography deal,
if there's anybody in the country that can't find the US on the map,
they should be immediately sent to get over the Al-Qaeda people.
Okay.
I'm serious.
They gotta be reported.
When did doubt throw them out?
How can you not know where you're at?
Jesus Christ, man.
He knew where he was.
Speaking of that.
Yeah, he was in the desert without a map.
What would Jesus drive?
If Jesus came back to worth what kind of vehicle would he drive?
Who's Jesus 73?
How many votes we got?
370.
Nothing?
They're not to have said about this poll either.
370.
Cadillac, as in for old Jews, 68.
He ride a camel, 67.
Motorcycle, 42.
Subcompact carto-safe gas, 40.
Humvee, 37.
SUV, 26.
And Corvette, only 17.
Pretty weak.
Here's our only call.
It better be good.
It's from North Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
Listen, speaking of geography, when I called, I told the guy in for a phone out from Wolton Manor,
and he said, where's that?
So, I guess we don't know where we are around here.
What do you want from him?
He lives in Dave County.
There you go.
Listen, I'm a reporter for a magazine that covers a fast food industry, and I can tell you
that the lowest selling item on every fast food menu is the so-called healthy item.
McDonald's tried the McQueen, it bombed, Fizzoli's tried the veggie sub, it bombed.
Everything they try, that's healthy, bombed out.
The rotisserie chicken last for about six months, that bombed.
Bottom line is people order what they want.
They want fat.
They want the double cheeseburger.
They want the milkshakes.
Right, they don't care what's in it.
They all like to hear about what is it taste like.
Exactly.
And nobody's going to order some string beans and carrots with their sandwich at a fast food
place.
They want the fat.
And that's what they go for.
And these places have tried the salad.
So, they'll offer a salad, and people get two packs of blue cheese dressing.
So, they stay in business by giving people what they want.
Exactly.
That's right.
And the second thing is, okay, even a hamburger or hot dog has some nutritional value.
If a case like this held up, I mean, you could sue publics because they have a candy aisle,
they have a chip file, and they have a cereal aisle.
None of those foods, especially candy, have any nutritional value.
Well, I can, I'm a convenience store, as every convenience store in the world has got nothing but crap.
There's nothing with any nutritional value, maybe an apple, some of them carry like, you know, a couple of apples.
But there's nothing in nutritional value, right?
So, I'm sugar, that's what they're selling in sodas.
So, it's just, I just hope that the case doesn't hold up.
Not to defend all the quick service chains, but, you know, they, they, they give people what they want.
And that's how they stay in business, and that's the only way they can stay in business.
Amen.
I'm out of here.
Thank you.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks.
Now, he's right.
That's the point.
How could it possibly be a lawsuit against the place where you've got all these different choices?
You've got health food restaurants.
You know how long most of those last five minutes.
And then they tried health food chains, you know, fast food, health food.
Those most of those lasted about two minutes.
That's not what people want.
If you're going to be in business, I mean, we're talking about private enterprise.
We're talking about people in business.
Give people what they want.
You don't go to Ruth Chris, for example, to get seaweed.
So, like he says, string beans and avocados.
You go there to get a big fat juicy steak, right?
God.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And the rise of wireless light.
Mm, steak.
Yeah, nice big juicy, thick steak.
Fatty.
You know what I'm saying?
A little bit of fat in there, little grizzles.
Isn't that horrible?
It's like parboling there.
I like when it's cooked like medium-well and the fat around the edges is like a little bit still on there.
It's like, Mr. Grisim, you know, grizzled around the edges.
God, I love that.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Me, how are you doing?
Sensational.
You know, even though a lot of people don't think so, I think this shows hilarious.
Yeah.
Well, what do you mean?
Who is it that doesn't think so?
Why do you say a lot of people don't think so?
A lot of people just don't catch you's show.
They just don't understand it.
Well, there's a few assholes out there with no sense of humor.
What can I do about them?
That's a few.
That's an understatement.
Yeah.
But now that we're doing McDonald's, you think Dave Thomas will be happy when we do Wendy's?
I don't know because Dave Thomas is dead, but other than that.
What do you think?
Do you think he'll be happy?
I think he'll jump for joy.
Oh, look at this.
Another great facts.
Yeah.
That's a good day for that.
Let me pass along some information about the Ebolean guy who I've known for about 30 years.
I'm the federal prosecutor who never listens when George hosts the show.
Ever since I clued him in on your show last year, he's been listening via the Internet
to become addicted to his idol.
He comes from a lot of money so he doesn't work.
I guess his wife got sick of him doing nothing around the house other than listening to your show.
So he threw away his ass out, originally, with the ultimate emits either Neil or me.
So down to Miami, he came and stayed with my wife and me for a few days.
Needless to say, he was heartbroken when true to your word.
You didn't return from Toronto to meet him at the Panther game.
Crawling back to his wife, he went and she took him back with open arms.
So you see, I did him a favor, I guess.
But alas, I don't think the Ebolean guy will call the show anymore.
You know, guys and rejection, but seriously, he's interested in buying QA.
I'm making inappropriate changes like X-ing Mo.
He didn't find any humor when Mo referred you as ginger there.
They who should he contact?
I like the ginger thing.
In fact, that's one of the few things we do like.
But see, don't get me started again because I want to remind you one more time.
We draw the line at the end.
Yeah.
Right.
Nice going, Robert.
We draw the line at the transmitter maintenance 6 to 9 a.m.
I mean, life is too short to go through a try to satisfy the pacified to, to, to, uh,
modify old curmudgeon.
So, okay, I can't do it.
Can't do it.
I'm doing my show and take it or leave it.
That's it.
That's where it works.
Just like that caprita thing.
You know, this is the inner Roger show.
This is your brain.
This is it.
Take it or leave it.
Period.
1156 at 560 WQM.
I'll tell you to talk about a place where you can get all kinds of food.
You can get fattening food.
You can get the challenge.
You can get everything at the pizza lot, right?
Everything.
Now, we'll say this if you have enough of those garlic rolls.
That's probably not like dietetic, but man, is it good?
Oh, God.
Pizza lot has got the most incredible garlic rolls.
The best I've ever had in my life.
Just dripping with garlic or, or they'll also make them for you with like no extra garlic.
However you like.
That's what you'll get.
Everything is cooked fresh to order at the pizza lot, which is why it's so damn good.
No rubbery spaghetti.
No overcooked anything or undercooked.
They got three different kinds of great pizza, including that extra spicy fugaza pizza.
Every Monday at the lasagna night at the loft, who's his eggplant night?
But one of these dinners, these nights, get the second for only five bucks.
Wednesday kids eat free with it all so they can see Jeff's name as magician.
Do it.
Every Thursday, like tonight, is bite night at the loft.
Come on a motorcycle.
Squirt, squirt.
Buy one dinner, get the second one for half price.
And don't forget, they've got all kinds of your Italian favorites, chicken dishes,
veal, seafood, calzone, super subs, and lots more.
And now two great locations for you.
The original, broiled pizza loft is in the Davy right between Griffith and 595.
I'm Universitywriter.
Do you hear what I almost said?
I almost heard it.
I almost heard that.
Anyway, it was lots of feedback and right beyond pure one imports.
And now the brand new pizza lot, location and plantation right on the corner of Navhilan sunrise,
and boy, did we need them or what?
Not too much out by me there.
But the right behind that drugster on the corner, Navhilan sunrise.
Here are the phone numbers for take-out for delivery or catering, which they do as to pennish
job by the way, especially with the holidays coming, for as low as $5 per person.
In Davy, call 954-916-8880.
954-916-8880, in plantation 954-382-1999.
954-382-1999, in plantation, the pizza loft, both locations, equally outstanding.
My life and look all this is 4205 City.
In a dead, I'm still spry.
Now listen up to boy, remember that bomb I dropped them two mouth-easy-stoyed-burgers over there?
Yeah, you sure showed them?
Show them what?
Yeah, but I ain't throw it down yet, see?
It just so happens I got another bomb to drop.
Like this?
No, not that kind of bomb you moron.
This was even bigger than before.
Okay, what is it?
Little as you knew, Ginger Rogers does a show up in Tanger-Dir.
Yeah, but what you don't always, Ginger flies as love at that fag of the corn up there every weekend.
Ah!
Yeah, for Huck Gays and now.
And another thing, don't believe what you hear in the air, them two of the gravity-jothers deep bags for years now.
Boy, that's some bomb!
I ain't throw yet, stop it!
Now, I paid a great deal of money to a fellow staff member who loves it admirably.
The leave Ginger's part open last weekend, you see?
And what you're about to hear is that bite-smoke and Ginger Rogers at that train monkey fag of the door and dance together in the road man-thick in red.
It's tough in this.
Have a good ride out.
I'm afraid you can't do it.
I'm afraid you can't do it.
Now you've got it.
I'm afraid you can't do it.
I'm afraid you can't do it.
I'm afraid you can't do it.
This is the death.
They sure are swooned on each other aren't they?
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
Oh fuck.
It's all about my wings.
Yes.
Yes.
We won't step.
I've got to put on.
It's all just stop.
It's all just stop.
It's all just stop.
It's all just stop.
It's all just stop.
It's all just stop.
Provo 4.560, our big noon to 1 hour.
Mad Dog at 1.
Hank gone briefly before all that hurricane stuff gets started.
Prostecution lanes for more FBI agents for fatal wrong way crash.
Seems like this story is dragon on for about 100 years.
Never forever.
Man.
When the hell did this happen?
1999, almost three years ago.
Prosecutors said yesterday that a former FBI agent was directly responsible for the death of two Laudahill brothers in that interstate accident.
Closing arguments began in the trial of David Ferrell, 39 charged with a vehicular homicide and the U.I. manslaughter charges.
As systems stated, turning Michael Hurowitz had the scientific evidence presented in the case prove that Ferrell was traveling in the wrong direction and was drunk.
When his car plowed into another vehicle, killing the men on I-95, no one has the right to violate the rules we all share, Hurowitz said.
Ferrell is accused of being drunk driving the wrong way on I-95 and killing youth minister Maurice William 23.
And his half-brother Craig Chambers, a 19-year-old college student, Ferrell could face 30 years in prison if convicted.
All right!
The former agent insisted and testimony on Tuesday that he was not impaired and was driving in the right direction before the near head on collision of November 23rd, 1999.
I've probably thought about it more times than I can count, he said.
The offensive attorney Bruce Udall for was to make his closing argument later in the day the case would then go to jurors for deliberation, which it already has.
Under cross-examination on Tuesday, Hurowitz asked Ferrell repeatedly about the poor judgment he showed by drinking and driving Ferrell had admitted drinking beer at a debut restaurant before the crash.
I think you drive better when you're not drinking, but it wasn't impaired, he said, so it makes no difference.
Ferrell said he knew where he was going, would not have driven southbound and northbound lanes, experts for the prosecution testified that only Ferrell could have been driving the wrong way when the vehicle's collided head on.
The FHP initially botched the investigation by blaming one of the brothers as the wrong way driver and not formally charging, or changing that fighting for a month.
Critics charged that the FHP jumped to the wrong conclusion because the victims were black and Ferrell is white and was a law enforcement veteran.
A separate state investigation found a evidence of racism or a cover-up in the FHP's handling of the crash, but FHP training has changed in response.
The family of the brothers is suing in state court, the FHP, and the restaurant that served Ferrell to sue and is suing the FBI and federal court. We're still in everybody.
Ferrell had a blood out-call equivalent of 0.14, well above the legal limit of 0.08 after drinking more than two pictures of beer, investigators concluded he was fired after the crash.
The offense lawyers have contested the test saying investigators relied on the medical use of blood syrup rather than the legally preferred use of whole blood.
Does anyone ever get a verdict? Get it done? Eventually after Jesus comes back, I think.
After Jesus comes back in his Honda,
DASHEL says Schrill-Talk Radio spurs threats.
Sharp and Schrill commentary from some talk show host has led to increased threats against public officials, Senate Majority Leader Tom DASHEL said yesterday, counting himself among those who received such threats.
DASHEL Democratic South Dakota would not elaborate on the kinds of threats against him but said that his Republicans criticized him throughout the year the threats went up.
When I was accused of being an obstructionist, there was a corresponding a very significant increase in the number of issues that my family and I had to deal with, he said, and I worry about that.
Said DASHEL whose office last year received an anthrax-laced letter.
DASHEL credited Republicans for success in getting their message out, saying that definitely they definitely blend politics and entertainment and use talk radio to rev up the listeners in favor of their issues.
Bought ten to CNN is pretty sloppy and there were a lot of typos on here, you idiots.
Bought DASHEL said the tone of some commentaries has led to increased threats on him and his family.
Rush Limbaugh and all of the Rush Limbaugh wannabes have a very shrill age and that's entertainment.
We were told that even people who don't agree with them listen because they're entertaining, DASHEL said.
But what happens when Rush Limbaugh taxed those of us in public life is that people aren't satisfied just to listen, they want to act because they get emotionally invested.
And so you know the threats to those of us in public life go up dramatically on our families and on us in a way that's very disconcerting he said.
Limbaugh played DASHEL's comments on a show yesterday telling his listeners,
I'm sorry, every time the Democrats lose either the elections on a or major issue they blame me, they blame talk radio and they blame you.
The outgoing majority leader said the ability of talk radio show host to gin up emotion among their listeners is akin to religious fundamentalism outside the US.
Unfortunately not on this show though.
We must be doing something really wrong you know what?
And amazing how we don't have any ditto heads.
We don't?
I mean not like they do they have reasons they can snap their fingers if they had 400 phone lines that all be lit up better and you can say right wing.
You know we see in some poor countries we think well my god how can this religious fundamentalism become so violent.
Well it's that same shrill rhetoric it's that same shrill power that motivates said the DASHEL.
Somebody says something and then it becomes a little more shrill the next time and then more shrill the next time and pretty soon it's a foeman that becomes physical in addition to just verbal.
Despite his concern DASHEL said Democrats have to learn to emulate Republican tactics to some extent.
We were just talking with some experts a couple of days ago about how if we're going to try to break through as Democrats we have to have the same age as Republicans do he said.
DASHEL has said Democrats were hurt during the midterm elections because of their inability to get a clear message out to voters but he dismissed cost to be defined a party in the wake of defeat.
He said the range of liberals to moderates and Democratic party makes it hard to clearly define.
Oh there you go. Make a long story short the people are not part of that conservative maniacal thing they're just not motivated that's what it comes boils down to.
They haven't been whipped up into a frenzy they haven't got that good old time or new time religion whatever the hell it is.
Just like our audience here's a calling Pember Pine.
Hello. Hey Neil the going. Okay.
Yeah I want to ask you a question you said you had a problem with Fox News talking about your content of your show. Yeah a few weeks ago. Yeah.
Why would you agree that there's a double standard also that you're able to say certain things on the radio and get away with it with the with the bit and by the way I get it and I have a sense of humor and I.
What's the double standard? Well wouldn't you have to agree and.
No wait a minute. Come back. You can't have a conversation. I don't I don't have those kinds of conversations where people say to me wouldn't you have to agree.
Just tell me what you want to say and then I'll tell you whether I agree or not I don't have to agree. I'll let you know.
Fair enough. If you got a white hair has a head of a sexual. Angelo say the kind kind of thing that you say about spigs and black and whatnot.
I don't have a problem. I'm just saying they would be crucified in a way. No they know they would not what is what is a head of a sexual have to do with it.
Well wait wait wait you're able to pass anybody like called gay egg eggs and all whatnot.
But you know if somebody else were to do that it would be considered a big it. I don't have a problem with it Neil I'm not saying I'm not here.
It all depends on the way you say it everybody who listen to the show for more than five minutes knows when I use the word Faggot what I'm doing it it's it's comedy.
I agree I agree that's my point you're exactly right. But what I'm saying is when you have a regular guy that's not or a guy that's not any of ethnic background.
Let me give you a good example. It's like a conversation we had about the word nigger and nigger. Okay. If you if you say look at that dumb nigger over there and you're saying it in a bigoted way.
Of course people are going to say man what a racist piece of crap you are. But if black people are even white kids are calling each other nigger in a humorous amusing friendly way.
Because that's just the way they would speak to each other. There's nothing wrong and it all depends on the intent and the usage.
You can't agree I'm just asking you if you ever thought because a while back this guy I forgot his name he was on the fan a while back. I made a comment about Serena Williams looking like an animal.
And he got and he was called a big it he was kicked off the show. He was in that show with that that old guy that you're always making fun of too from you.
He's a talk show host he's been around forever. I don't know like Howard Burns here with the space.
Don I call him mother face. Anyway he was kicked off the show had to give him a apology. I'm saying you could make a comment like I am Jeff he was making it in Jeff.
I didn't think there was any malice by it but well then he shouldn't have been kicked off. Of course I have station with differences to make.
I don't know what you're talking about the fan in New York about I miss. Yes that was it the other right one of his co-hosts that he had on there with him.
Yeah that made a comment about Serena Williams this is about six months ago and well I didn't hear the comment so you know get it second hand I really don't know what that was all about.
No that all depends on the way he went it.
I think that the whole thing with race and people I got to run for the break but I think that the whole thing just like Jimmy to Greek and all these other people would make a harmless statement no matter who the hell it is.
And all of a sudden they get canned they get ostracized and branded as racist just because they're expressing a viewpoint.
You can criticize gay people you can say anything you want about women look at this thing with the Augusta deal with all these dikes there.
I mean you can say anything they make any difference.
But if you make any comment about blacks and I guarantee if Condoleezza rice was white instead of black there would have been no stink about that.
If we would have been talking about Condoleezza crackers and jam or cracker what do you know what I'm saying?
What are you saying?
And by the way credit and then crackers and jam kind of leaves ain't good for your brain.
I think I got my message across tonight all depends on the intent and when you take something out of context and you try to paint somebody is a bigot who's clearly and let me also say the same thing I told her all the years I've been on the year here we had and all the months we played those bits and he complaints about him.
No.
No. And when I asked her who these people are so upset she couldn't name me one not a group not an individual not anybody because the people that started bombarded us with all kinds of crap they weren't in this market they were out of the market which is why it had no impact because everybody knew that.
Now they're on to their next you know whatever their thing is very sad 12 14 at 5 60 WQM there's never been a better or smarter time to buy a new home or refinancing or existing home.
At this amazingly low rate of only 3.95% you heard right financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95% all you got to do is call them call financial group tool free at 1 800 940 LED that's 1 800 940 53 63 the money you're going to save is positively think about it you can get yourself a hundred thousand
dollar loan for 1,450 bucks a month or get you a 200 thousand dollar loan for 1,950 bucks a month the process is simple and you'll save yourself a crap load of money every year so call our good
pizons our buddies at financial group at 1 800 940 lend time the time director to call by the way you know I'm such a good mood why I haven't heard or seen or one word from him in so long it's just it's a pleasure.
There's never been a better time to get you a low interest rate than right now so call financial group and you'll be on a way to big savings financial group is an equal housing lender credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change so call them now and tell them that old Todd Dreck and the authority to call 1 800 940 LED that's 1 800 940 53 63
compile C
I'm doing the running and running
Get in line in that processional step into that small confessional there the guy who's got
Religion I'll tell you if your sins are original if it is pro-I blame it safer
Drink the wine and chew the wafer to
Times to friends substantially
With your rosaries
Your head with respect and take a plate take a plate take a plate take a
Take a cross on your abdomen when in Rome do like a Roman our Bain Maria
She's good to see it get an accident
I
Must be my psychic powers kicking in again. I had that cute up to play
Both of those things that you just heard there and are looking to facts machine and you would just actually this time on a hand thing
How about that?
Domino's pizza founder plans Catholic University near Naples
Hey, and we're not talking about Napoli in Italia. We're talking about Naples Florida
The founder of Domino's pizza and I was plans yesterday to build a Roman Catholic University in a college town called
Ave Maria in Florida a college town
Tom Monahan was devoted himself to Roman Catholic causes since he sold the pizza chain in 1998
Said he is ended into a partnership with developer Baron Collar costs
Why Baron Collar costs to build a town near Naples in exchange the developer will donate
750 acres for Ave Maria University catch you here Johnny mattress right now singing
Hey, can't you hear it? I hear it. Oh, Monahan the doors up
Monahead City founder the Ave Maria foundation 1983 to help get as many people into heaven as possible
Oh, he added the best way to achieve the goal of the foundation is through Catholic higher education
Lot of good spankings
Officials did not disclose the full cost of the two projects
But said the first phase of the university will amount to two hundred million dollars with money coming from the foundation
They said the first phase of the town is estimated at a hundred million and will come from Baron Collar
Among his projects are Ave Maria School of Law Ave Maria College eight grade schools and Convent all in Michigan
He had sought to expand the college in Michigan, but was rebuffed
Monahead City University will also include a strong sports program
He said he hopes to finish construction by 2006 kicked those freaking fighting arishes as
That's right, right?
Probably not how about Boston College? I think they can beat them. Oh holy cross. No, well
It's got to start somewhere
Scientists planning to make new form of life
This is really kind of an alarming story, you know why?
Pray to be why what do you mean why it's gonna be evil life? Who now knows?
Like I told you this morning before the show cop Gene Wilder and see what it's gonna be
And what's his name and what's his name with the eyes? What's his party felt?
Marty Felman love Marty Felman. Oh, he was great rest in peace. Yes
Scientists in Rockulider announced today that they plan to create a new form of life in a lab dish a project that raises
Ethical and safety issues, but also promises to illuminate the fundamental mechanics of living organisms
I thought we had a new form of life. It's the one we don't talk about anymore
That's an old form of life the one that's on during transmitter maintenance
See there you go again. I'm sorry
Jay Craig ventored the gene scientist with a history of pulling off unlikely successes and Hamilton oh
Smith a Nobel laureate are behind the plan
The intended to create a single celled partially man-made organism with the minimum number of genes necessary to sustain life
If the experiment works the microscopic man-made cell will begin feeding and dividing create a population of cells unlike any
Previously known to exist and you don't find this a little bit alarming. I think it's spectacular
To ensure safety once and for all to oh yeah, right to ensure safety Smith and Vetter said the cell be deliberately hobbled
To render it incapable of infecting people it'll also be strictly confined
Which is what they always say and designed to die if it does manage to escape into the environment
More worrisome than the risk of escape
The acknowledges that the project could lay these scientific groundwork for a new generation of biological weapons
A risk that may force them to be selective about publishing technical details
But they said the project could also have advanced the nation's ability to detect and counter existing biological weapons
The project funded with a three million dollar three-year grant from the energy department will start as a pure scientific
endeavor but eventually could have practical applications
If enter and its collaborators venture create a minimalist organism of the sort the envision
They'll attempt to add new functions to it one at a time
Confirming on the ability for example to break down the carbon dioxide from power plant emissions or to produce hydrogen for fuel
The more immediate plan is to try to puzzle out an eventually modern model in a computer every conceivable aspect of the biology of one organism
A feat that science has never come close to accomplishing because all living cells are based on the same chemistry
We and bear striking resemblance is to one another that could shed light on all the biology not to one another to each other who down
World Washington post shame on you
They don't bear striking resemblance to one another to each other you right?
Want to be huh? You're right now. I mean what in the Washington Post they write crap like this by Justin Gillis
I just got rights like dovey Gillis
And it's supposed to be like an intellectual scientific story
We're wondering if we can come up with a molecular definition of life enters said the goal is to fundamentally understand the components of
A most basic living cell how do you like that? Ask Robert Blake he can tell about his cell is it alive? It's dank
Wow
Well, I know that you know that one another that's kind of like that side by each crap
They say it's up here side by each
Say what's that mean a all and speaking aside by each Jennifer Lopez already thought so and people magazine agrees
And you're right. This is it could be a lot worse. He's not bad
For whatever he is people magazine agreed
But he sure as hell isn't this year sexiest man alive then afluck he's no
Thank God because he's not the age of a hundred first of all
And he's 30 year old. Oh see that goes back to that like they a lot of women thought Jack Pallance was real sexy to him
But he was here what seriously?
Seriously, he was his ugly assaulest man
He was grotesque look like a granite statue the 30 year old star Ben Affleck in these semifal fears and pro-armors
Been everywhere lately most of because of his romance with an engagement to Lopez is that Jennifer or Hector Lopez
The singer and actress told people he'll still be the sexiest man alive in my eyes when he's a hundred years old
Oh, who you kidding fat ass
Affleck stars with Lopez in the upcoming movies Degli and Jersey girl previous winners of the magazine sex symbol award include Tom Cruise
George Clooney
Brad Pitt all right and Pierce Brosnan well one out of four ain't bad
I mean Pierce Brosnan's he's a good-looking man, but to say he's the sexiest man a lot come on
And the only reason he got that is because he was doing the James Bond thing right and it says who is Halle Berry's favorite James Bond
Brosnan Pierce Brosnan of course very who co-stars with the Irish actor and Diane other bases Pierce is my bond
Really when I started to watch bond movies Pierce was the man runner up for the Oscar winning actress is Sean Cunnery who she
Admires for the lightness and silliness that he brought to it. He obviously didn't take himself too seriously Connery by the way is also a former
Sexiest man alive very evidently his or standards and
Celine Dion don't know I don't I can't read it
No, I'm don't forget. I'm in Canada. Okay. We're on to that bitch here. I'm not gonna read no Celine Dion
Well, maybe after the break. I just I thought she was real big there
Let me say it again. We're on to her here. Okay
And Marie we like Celine Dion forget about it. Hey, so can you hear that drilling?
No speaking of good reasons not to be here. I don't hear any drilling in my building. It's as quiet as like a church mouse
Peaceful calm. We got the noise out of the way with that fire out drill this morning that you heard before the show
For instance pleasant not here. You know something. I'll be honest with you if I didn't have like obligations and read even with a crappy weather here in a couple of months
January, February I I don't I wouldn't want when I come back there for you know, I mean I got friends there and obligations and responsibilities and stuff like that
But I don't really feel compelled as needed to be to be there, you know about for the ambiance
Like I said, hey listen if you love your home, but you need more space
Here's the answer for you do what hundreds of other people are doing in fact PD Lenny tells me that
Zillions of people are doing it. They're doing the smart thing. Thank goodness. They're calling strictly addition just like George did
Whether you're having a baby like George did
And need another room. Maybe converting a carpenter patty with living space
Maybe you went into business for yourself. I want to make a home office call the people who do it all for you strictly additions
They're your one-stop shop more space for your place place with an absolutely positively worry free approach to expanding your living space
No shows that you hear about from other contractors. Uh-uh. Not gonna happen in complete work. No way Jose
No one expected bills. No worries about the job not getting done right and they take care of airway last detail for you
They drop all your blueprints they get the building permits and all the pain in the essence inspections for you
Strictly additions has got that easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction watch the bouncing ball here
Number one call the schedule a free project evaluation appointment at your home where a project estimating will determine the scope of your
Second schedule a bid appointment in their convenience room where you'll get a detailed proposal and an exact price for the work
Third select your finishing touches go to contract
Fourth review the design architectural drawings and fifth last and not least sit back and relax is your dream addition
Moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality. These are professionals who want to do you a super job
Look for the edniolo pages. They serve all a brow in South Palm Beach County
Call them right now and tell them that Neil and PD Lenny told you to call strictly additions
954
791 80 100 that's 954 791 80 100
Five and a local this is five cities
The radio's all yours
You and
You
Riding around with your windows down
I'll us up on the show right now
We've got a vacancy in the hotel
We'll talk about men till your penis swell
How fast they run and how good they look
And pass along tips for your pokey to book
Hello sports fans. Let's talk about Ricky Welles over and over then
And Elvis Gerbach
And my voice is higher and higher. Do I start sounding like son
Talking about friendly men and loving it
And some side issues like where are all the writer trucks? Do you remember those housey on day with a writer truck
The smell of musty-movers blankets that blended so well with eating a sandwich
Cruising along in the afternoon
Talking about ignorance for whole goes
A juxtaposed angle their balls like a bell
Except I have good their juxtapous spells
Ain't much talk about women except to say
He's got a nice patch of real estate
Hey man dog how you doing?
Hey chit-chain
Sticky bull
What do you believe?
Like a stink dog daddy from the filmish?
I have a line. My old friend by far
Sorry about that. I'm a sick freak
Or the only thing that's always drink all around whole trick
They're not fooling anybody call it
I don't think that's kind of aggravation
I make plenty of money
Don't even need to get so blow it up your ass to my friend
Because I can sit here in the luxe and wear my tar
It takes a real man to do a radio show and wear a tar
Prove 34 or 560 mad dog coming up a one here's a pig report no fallaka. Hello
Hey Leo. Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. Yeah, I got a pig report for Opalaka police
Yeah, 27th Avenue Southbound but Southbound he has a
There's a speed trap going 149th and 27th Avenue outstanding. Yeah, he's he's picked off for already
He's sitting in the vacant lots of coming down 27th Avenue. You can't see him
But he's saying you can see everything coming southbound. Well, we see him now. Yeah
Okay, thanks a lot. No problem. See us. How do you like that another pig report?
That porkers listen. Okay doing his duty. Cast a lot of you people. How is that pool coming if Jesus
Comes back I'll be coming back. What kind of vehicle would he drive?
422 votes kind of a marginal response. Who's Jesus 86th of our heath and crowd said that who the hell is Jesus?
Don't be saying hell in Jesus. Okay. God damn it
I'll be driving a Cadillac for old Jews 80 and of course he'd be like a 2000 year old Jew so that fits right in
I wonder if it would be a Cadillac escalade
Like Queen Latifa. Maybe she'll let him borrow it. He ride a camel 74 motorcycle 48 sub compact car to say gas 40s
Humvee 40 SUV 31 and Corvette 17 last place. That's okay. I'm still proud. I voted for the Corvette
All you deadbeats are there to drive like you know mustangs. Oh man. Does that really get me?
I mean if you're like 17 18 19 maybe even 20 you'd rather have a Mustang
I'll grant you a lot of my fast cars a lot of my all souped up great
Some of those convertible Mustangs look pretty good. I'll be honest
But you know something no matter how you slice it no matter how you cut it no matter what you do
It's still a Mustang. Follow what I'm saying. Oh, yeah, so I feel bad for it, but I understand not everybody can afford a Corvette
Hi, it's got nothing to do with the cost. It's just the idea that these people there's just something about it
They'll pull up next to me to stop light and they're racing the engine and they're looking at me like that
What is wrong with you? Who are you kidding? Okay?
Who are you kidding? So you got a faster or the other thing you'll do is like you know, you'll floor it
Which I at times do like every time and you know, you'd be like a hundred car lengths ahead of them
Unsunrise. Yeah, and all of a sudden like they're going 70 miles an hour. They come blowing by you like you're saying
And like that proves something to me. Well, I can go 72 as so, you know, I can go 130
I can go 150 after you've already given up they come flying right
Well, it's not a question to give it up after I've decided. I'm reading that I'm just getting the ticket just to prove a point
You know, well, you've already proven it exactly well not to them
In fact, yeah, you're and not just people in Mustangs, but I'm talking about people driving like subcompacts. Yeah
People driving
What are those little
Begins with a K. What's that car? Kia Kia. Yeah, people driving little kias that cost like about 50 cents
And it comes zooming up here 75 miles an hour. They're going by I see how show you
Yeah, you showed me a real piece of crap
Selene Dion, Donna and Navy Blue Apron to serve breakfast the dozens of elementary school students
Had a McDonald's restaurant in Jupiter, Florida to raise money for the Ronald McDonald House charities
The onset of Ronald McDonald House at Montreal was an incredible help to her family members who stayed there years ago
Ronald McDonald houses provide lodging for families of hospitalized children on a less serious note
They singer confided, you know, she enjoyed that the golden arch is
What is it dining as a child in 834? She still does dining as a child
But you ever consider going to McDonald's as dining and dancing dining and dancing that's what Joey Carwood said
Dining and dancing as he's still around. Oh, I sure hope not
The worst commercials in the history of ad cards. I think I like car and subtle interview. Oh my god dining and dancing
And you think that it's a put on but the worst part of it is because I met him he takes himself seriously
I think he was on one of those awful
Kendall Toyotoshos that I was on music or some show I was on and I met the guy he takes himself seriously
And how come his name is Joey Car and his brother's name is Steve Cohen can you explain that to me?
Chobas
Oh another big report where we got to run on these hello
Well, I'm not sure
Am I on he sounds like you
Okay, a little bigger for it. Oh
And he's on a mark
Are you sure it's not Jesus now in that motorcycle? I'm sorry. I say thanks a lot
I didn't like the echo on a call
He knew what I said he wouldn't maybe he wasn't the listener the pool. He might take that the wrong way
Maybe it was Jesus on the motorcycle. How do we know?
But likely it was some pork around there trying to make your life miserable
That's another service we provide for you charge on the show as the pig reports and have been doing so for years
And we'll continue to do so even though they get all bad out of shaping up tight
Don't let me forget to read the story again. I'm glad you reminded me
About young Americans get D in geography D isn't dumb as in dumb and uh. I can't handle it
I can't think of getting worse because every time they come out with one of these things the numbers just keep getting higher
I mean 11% of these 18 to 24 year olds couldn't find the US on a map
And only 51% could find New York state
See
One thing about the states now say this if you took some states off the map like individually
Like the decoders they're both shaped the same. I mean how would you know nor but I mean when around a map
It ain't too hard to tell which one is right north decoda and which one is
Like North Carolina and South Carolina even though they're shaped nothing like it all and South Carolina is like you know small
but I mean
It ain't too hard to find north and south. I don't think I mean I could be wrong about that too when you come right down to it
That Frankie bit about you know stick him in the desert and don't give him a map. What's the name of that?
Uh, is it Frankie Panky? I don't know. I want to make sure we get the right one. No, it's something about
Sodom Hussein
Stick him in the desert and don't give him a map. Well, we'll find it
That's kick the crap out of you
It is
Yes
Well, we'll think about it. Okay. How do I get sidetracked with that 20 till one is five 60 WQM guys you want to have some serious fun
VIP sportsbook.com is serious fun bet football bet against the heat that ought to be easy money bet hockey or anything you want bet for the
Panthers to tie
Log on to VIP sportsbook.com now and see how easy the site is to use
You don't have to be a high-roader to play the best sportsbook in the world and VIP sportsbook.com
You can bet as little as five bucks even George could play it maybe Carlos someday
Maybe someday not maybe seriously have some fun you might even win some cash at least you'll be treated like a VIP
I bet your horse players out there are gonna love this
VIP sportsbook.com pays track odds plus 10% you'd be crazy not the bet horses there
VIP online casinos great to wood blackjack crafts slots with the minimum weight you're as low as 10 cents
We're talking about serious fun. That's what Gary Sarner says and man if there's a guy that knows his fun
It's easy to sign up online just go to VIP sportsbook.com or give him a call tool free at 1-800
VIP bets
VTS
1-800 VIP bets sign up now gives you that 15% sign up cash bonus
So go on and have some fun with VIP sportsbook.com
We're sports radio 5-6-7
You A-M
There you are, babe
No the Affleck casting call
All right Tom Broca
I'll broca
Affleck
Uh again Tom. Affleck
Uh one more time Tom. Affleck
I'm losing a second part one more. Affleck
Next
Mike Tyson
Mike Tyson
Yes Mike Tyson
Mike Tyson
Stop saying what I'm saying. I pay well pay
Affleck
Again
Affleck
Affleck
Next
Jesse Jackson
Affleck
A Jesse I'm sorry but the duck is white
Next
Woody Allen
Just nuts I mean to duck the talks
Stay to the script Mr. Allen
It's crazy it's insanity
Great the line please
Why would a duck speak
Next
The great Sean Connery sir
How welcome sir welcome
Welcome to the call I
Welcome sir just read the line please
Affleck
Excuse me sir again
Affleck
Sir I'm sorry that second part of the line I don't
I'm simply slaying off of
Next
Oh god
I guess we got Gilbert Gottfried over here
All right give it to me Gilbert
Affleck
I want more time Gilbert
Affleck
Well Gilbert I pretty much hate you
And I think you're terrible but
You're the close thing we got you got the job
Well 46 at 560 WDQM
This is from Malatzi what's it in this
June 19th 2001 last year
The story about that you just thanks to me the sportscaster yet
In a move which proved once again the Don I miss the morning host
The WFAN can get away with this about anything sportscasters sit Rosenberg
fired from I miss the morning program two weeks ago
Because of racists remarks about tennis playing sisters Venus and Serena Williams
Has been given a goal slap on the back told they could continue giving updates on the morning show
So we didn't get fired
Last Tuesday Rosenberg in delivering one of his sports updates
He couldn't watch the Williams sisters play
Because they looked too muscular and masculine
He went on to describe Serena Williams as an animal
And said that she and her sister Venus were more likely to appear in
And the much celebrated TV show National Geographic than in Playboy magazine
He claimed his remarks were not racist
Just zoological
Oh man
Good come back
On hearing the remarks I miss apparently that taken appeared to be taken a back
And I'll see if fired Rosenberg
This was just a moronic thing to say
Nevermind believe I missed observed
After that point I miss his actions he was responsible
What's her inspired in the days following the controversial marks and subsequent firing Rosenberg
Have called into question I miss sincerity
Three days after the much publicized firing of Eisenberg
Don I miss and I'll see it invited Rosenberg coming on his show to explain himself
With the possibility of a return of the show
And trying to explain this blatant attempt to surreptitiously ease Rosenberg
Back on the program I miss his Trump was
Look someone gave me about 50 chances
His opening game but was it's one thing to say something racist
Another to actually feel that way
Then he welcomed back the cover with the words
I would like to have you back on the program
The only thing missing from the skit were the usual hugs and tears
I don't see I miss doing too many hugs and tears
Dead man can't do too many hugs and tears
Well how do you like that?
There you go
Anything that happens on this show
Pales in a win-signor
I mean the National Zoological Society
Good golly miss Miley
That would be like calling now what's his name the grape ape
What does that say it
This is a very sad thanks from Jeff do you read this?
Yes
Since I just want to take the 1010 how much I appreciate your program
I'm 27 start listening to show run 1988 when I was in middle school
And about the same time I got a pet that I grew to love very much
She was always a sickly animal but some I managed to pull through all the
Scraps she got into while she finally died last that after
Gumi 14 years of happiness
Sorry Jeff
Believe me I know what it's like
Had to put my golden retriever to sleep last December
Very sad but you know it just uh
That comes the time you know I'm saying in your mind you know that time is gonna come and it just that happens
I'm glad you and George are still around because it's a tremendous help to listen to a voice
Reza at this time in my life
Whether I agree with you or not you always come
Can't it hear conclusions rationally and stick to your gun
So to speak when the idiots
Mungsuckers and bad hair piece wearers come after you you're the best of the best
Yes, I am Jeff. I recently moved from four-large day to collar
I don't got a job where I can listen to you on the internet
I it has made the transition that much easier
Wish you happiness and health you too George take care and enjoy tomorrow
And you too Jeff be well
That was very nice huh? I mean I said no to near but
I'm assuming a dog or it could have been a cat I don't know but 14 years is
Is long I keep well look at a tiny and think of that he just turned 14 huh
I keep saying you know 14's pretty old tiny just laughs
He just laughs and bumps in the furniture because he's got that one bad cat erect
It's gonna cost me a grand to get a cat erect operation next month. Yeah, and I'm gonna do it like a schmuck
I'm gonna do it
Hey tiny what's that on the floor of this we started eight and touchy rolls again
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. It's the truth oh man
Dogs are your best friends. It's not just a saying it's the truth people
I mean there's some people are good friends
But boy there are few and far between during the course of your lifetime
How many people have you known in your life who you could really say here's somebody I could always depend on yeah
I
Don't think so. Yeah, yeah, I wouldn't say that not all in one place
Not all in one time. Oh, I see over the course of your leisure. Yeah, about
Nah, I've been around a lot longer than you have I'd say maybe three or four. I'm talking I'm carrying it to a greater degree
Than I think you are I'm talking about some of it a really like you know, you could let your life on them like they give you a kidney
Yeah, something like that or a kidney bean. Oh, maybe five. Here's Miami. Hello
I'm glad you're talking about animals me. Oh because I was just I want to bring your attention about people who are towing cattle and horses with
The cause that really shouldn't be towing those kind of trailers. I see people on 95 towing a horse two horses with a station wagon
A Ford station where you can't be doing it. You gotta know you're towing capacity. Yeah, people really don't know that
Telling capacity and tell me really you know when you're gonna be okay
Okay, well, I'll keep that in mind. Okay, do you know you're towing capacity? No, but I'm gonna run right out and find out
I love that big show today. I think we made a comeback today. Oh, oh, this was fantastic
That's better than that anesthesia guy out of nowhere. No, this guy we it was sensational
That's one of my favorite calls all year and don't forget we draw the line at the eye and I think that kind of helped us turn the corner today
Forget about that stagio, man. I just got can't deal with the life is too short to share other people's misery
I'm having me a wonderful time. I enjoyed here. I'm gonna go out and have me a real nice lunch right now right now
It's a matter of fact we're in about nine minutes. How many?
Hmm
Boy, that sure came in and that thing is like five years old, you know what?
Boy, that thing goes back to our days downstairs on the second floor at QAM those grotesque days and that was cut in the old building
Was it really yeah? Well, we were the only ones down there remember and he still can't say it by the way
Pro Robert he had a cold that day a little bit on his good side because every now and then he like you know
He's back in 40 flip flops depending on what mood he's in on a given day depending on how many right wingers of just one election
442 votes. What would Jesus drive?
WWJD that's the big story the last 24 hours. What would Jesus drive?
Which is so pathetic only in America. We read dribble like this
If Jesus came back to earth what sort of vehicle would he drive? Who's Jesus?
89 of you. He then bastard said that
Nice going
Cadillac for old Jews 84
Hi, he'd ride a camel 75
Motor fickle 51 subcam park
What is it subcompact guard to save gas? 4003
48 hum V42 SUV 34 and Corvette only 19. Maybe Jesus couldn't afford a Corvette, you know, he was a modest man
Humble didn't have a lot of all-nighter city probably drive a Mustang
1252 at 560 WQ
