This is how Florida's only real source is.
The only one has proof station.
See most of our in the Halloween piece.
Lovely.
Orange Black.
This is everybody who listens to your show.
No, you gave me.
And my main character was a guy named Jack Moloi who'd worked in Vegas.
And who got Almighty?
Who knows more about Vegas than you, Hank?
So I said, what job should he have had?
And you said casino host and people just fell in love with this guy.
So I'm going to bring him back and screw up his life and see if he can get out of it again.
For sucking, please.
Howard Davidson's the bitch.
There is a girl in extra-wide jeans.
A girl who's head weighs a ton.
And she's living with the women at the funny play-to-wives in the house of the lesbians.
A rat.
When she was young at a restaurant with a boy, he didn't know that she was gay.
Until he noticed each time they went out, she went for the seafood buffet.
Just look at all roses' dyke sisters now.
Just look what they have done.
The minute she comes home from work to that door, well off her panties come.
She laid it down to stop publishing the rosy mag, left a laid off staff not paid.
And Rose's girlfriend, whose pregnant right now, I guess she just only got laid.
There is a girl with extra-wide jeans and her chain or shoes become.
And she goes by the name of Rosie O.D. in the house of the lesbians.
Oh, I can't believe that.
Wow, must be my lucky day.
You know what I was going to say?
Howard Davidson's the bitch.
I thought I changed my mind.
903 at 560 WQI am happy Thursday to you.
So anyway, tonight's a big night.
Even ugly Chuck is going to be the treasurer island.
Nine days are a usual thing that we do on Wednesday, but it's Halloween night tonight.
Needless to say.
So join George, who's not an occasion, but of course doesn't want to miss out on the cash.
And whatever else he might get, I think it's only going to be the cash.
George, Bokeh, Brian, and ugly Chuck.
Now, Fatboy wrote this thing.
He didn't put Carlos.
He wrote Chuckie.
Hey Chuckie.
From 5 to 7, a treasurer island this afternoon, it's the big Halloween party with drinks specials
on cosmic jelly jello shots featuring Stephanie Evans.
5 to 7, a treasurer island just off the palm of it with the 120 second street exit.
She's not the one that is a squirt or whatever they call her.
Yes she is.
Oh, geez.
I'd stand way in the back of the room if I were you and bring lots of paper towels.
That's my suggestion.
Now Mike, who must be psychic, sends me our first facts in the morning.
Could you please remove that ugly picture from your website?
Well Mike, your wishes are command, not because you wish for it, but there's a long story which I'll get into.
A long story about that thing.
I just want to say this right now.
We've played on this program over the last few years.
80 trillion parodies on Bill Clinton.
Skaving, biting, ripping, humorous, what a 80 minute, Al Gore, 20 million.
Any complaints ever?
No.
Anybody getting hysterical about it?
No.
No.
See one thing, let me tell you the difference.
One of the many differences between moderates, liberals, anybody to the world.
The left of Attila de Hun and conservatives, or at least today's conservatives.
And that is that the rest of us other than the conservatives, we got a sense of humor.
The conservatives, the only thing they find funny is Bill cigar and Monica's vagina.
To that, that's very funny.
But other than that, they got no sense of humor.
They're uptight and out of sight.
So anyway, he says the two assholes kissing almost makes me hurl you on the other.
He says replace it with a picture of Mo, then I could print it and use it for target practice.
Well guess what Mike, your wishes are command, not this Mo, but it's going to be Mo Howard, the real one.
Who's going to be on there?
So we're taking that first cut off of that CD, not that I'm not going to play it again, but because there's a whole long convoluted thing going on here.
And it's just not worth the aggravation.
It's just not worth the grief, Eric.
It's not worth it.
And of course it was all started by, and the woman who dropped off that videotape this morning, honey, get yourself some serious help, okay?
Drops me off a birthday gift, it's a videotape, and I'm not even going to mention the website, right wing paranoia.
This guy who's next guest is G Gordon Litty, a whole brother.
It's enough to make me want to say Howard David's the bitch.
But I won't say it.
So anyway, this newsmax.com, you might want to check that out if you're into right wing paranoia.
That's the website where Condoleezza Rice targeted by racial song parody.
So this guy obviously saw on our website, came across that thing with a picture, and of course unfortunately I had no idea who had the idea with the wording on there about the name of the song, Kiss and Aggra Good Morning.
And then Fox News, let me just, a message to all you assholes at Fox News, including that bitch that's been calling everybody a hundred times every day.
We're not interested because I know exactly what you're looking for.
That is to take something out of context, twist it into something that it's not.
Make a whole big simmiss about it for fun in your profit, okay?
On the fascist news network.
See, that's their motto at Fox.
Unfair and unbalanced, all spin all day.
They're the spinmeisters, including Bill don't confuse me with the facts or Riley.
Boy, he makes me nauseous.
I turned him on for the first time in months last night for about two minutes and that's all I can handle.
Talk about a self-serving pompous ass.
You know what he is? He's a rush wannabe.
A rush wannabe and as much as I disagree politically with rush, you got to admit he's got, I mean, your small potatoes bill, okay?
You're in a dream world.
And by the way, Muff, where the hell's the guy?
I'm reading a book, you know, it's Thursday already.
I know I'm not going to get my champion like, but that's another reason.
And PD Lenny Man, you're so full of crap.
Luckily, though, being psychic like I'm looking at a bride in my diet right soda, I do like diet right.
And I forgot to remind you.
Yeah, thanks.
Chucky.
Diet right, kiwi strawberry, no less.
No, the reason I like diet right is not all you've got.
It's got no caffeine, it's got no nothing in it.
And the taste?
And taste great.
If you like diet soda, you don't need no diet soda.
Your skinny is a 1193 votes on a skinny as ikabod crane.
Happy Halloween folks.
A lot of folks are praying for rain tonight.
I mean, heavy, heavy rain.
Isn't that in the forecast?
They were saying the other day.
Well, and Brian Moracross, I am so sick and tired of your act.
Everyday, wow, I, we're going to have the humidity made it slowly, slowly going on.
He's been saying that for three weeks.
And every day we said a new temperature record.
And it's so humid you could go to him, fry eggs on the sidewalk.
Where's the rating book, Muff?
No, sir, you can't tell me it's not here yet.
Well, they, when they said sometime maybe next week, I didn't think that they met this late in the week.
No, it would have been here.
I think they're hiding it.
Probably Greg is sitting on it.
Maybe he and Scroan are sitting on it together.
And the book too.
Oh, here's more stuff about priest.
Oh, gee, I don't, I'll put it on my pile.
Thank you very much.
I got too much important stuff going on here.
So anyway, if you want to check out newsmax.com, this guy takes stuff out of context.
And of course, I'll explain this morning and then I will play the song.
I will play it.
Oh, they're very, very exciting.
I'm not going to stop playing that song.
We have, we had one complaint that all of us would play that song in a show.
No, and you want to know why?
Because the people listen to the show understand what it's all about.
They understand what it's all about.
I'll get into it at length.
1193 votes.
What's your take on the 200 plus Haitians who were smuggled in, I mean, who got here on Tuesday?
Smuggling, huh?
What a surprise.
Not.
And for our tag is something.
Poor Jeff, he doesn't know what they'll do.
And there's of all people, Carrie Meek.
You know, Carrie, I'm really glad you did that because politically it's wonderful.
But from a pragmatic sake, for the black folks that you're supposed to be representing,
the first jobs that Haitians take when they come in here are black Americans.
Those are the first jobs they take away.
So I don't understand what you're, and then all these columnists,
oh, it just wrenches your heart, Michael Meoward.
You know, that's fine, but these people could be from Haiti.
They could be from Guatemala.
They could be from all kinds of places where they're starving and the conditions are terrible.
And they're shleppers.
What does that mean?
So we're going to be bleeding hearts and feel sorry for the whole world all over again.
I'll tell you, I'm watching MSNBC yesterday.
And when I'm starting to agree with Papu Cannon and get pissed off and bill press,
I know something's wrong somewhere, you know?
Bleeding heart, bill press.
But at any rate, they have to come down to, it was a smuggling deal.
But anyway, here's what it said.
No more refugees, close the gate, 688, I have almost 1200 votes, 57.4%.
They should be sent back immediately.
No questions asked, 217, 8.18.1%.
They should be allowed to apply for political asylum, 171, 14.2%.
They should all be allowed to stay only 65, 5.4%.
Only Cuban should be allowed to stay when it reaches the US 56, 4.6% fixed, I said that.
And I'd like to point out by the way, I'm sure that a lot of you are aware of it.
This new policy, which I hadn't really thought very much about,
but the new policy about the Haitians being detained and held in detention for possibly months,
this is a George W. Bush thing.
That's ridiculous.
And here's an article in which one is it the hero, source of US policy on Haitian migrants,
so well kept secret.
And Ted Kennedy called a heroine trying to get the find out where the whole policy came from,
and how they sneaked it in there.
It's a racial thing, there's no question about it.
A racial and political thing.
Because like I said yesterday, Haitians have no political clout,
and they tend to vote Democratic if they vote.
And Cubans, we know where they vote.
So, Jeff Bush can talk about, wow, they should be treated like everybody else.
Does that include Cubans, Jeff?
No.
He didn't mention that.
Call your brother in a White House.
Oh, give me a break.
He talked to the White House.
He didn't say I talked to my brother, because that would be bad for him.
He's going to talk to the White House.
Just to the House, not to anybody in it.
Talk to the building.
Didn't get much response here.
Got about as much response as when I talked him over.
Howard David's.
Okay, just calm down.
Okay, just relax.
It's going to be a big night Monday in Green Bay.
Just calm down now.
11 past nine at five, 60 WQM.
We got a new poll for today, and line with all this history again about words,
and people taking things out of context, and trying to twist them around,
just like you grave robbers there at Fox.
But with all the stuff that's going on, I would have sniper in the elections,
and the big rally him in a soda that the Jesse got all bent out of shape about Jesse Vantur.
That is.
And all the Republicans, and then the ad Coleman goes on TV,
and he's doing interviews in front of a picture of the same kind of plane
that Paul Welstone died, and what's going on here?
And you wonder why nobody votes?
Wonder why nobody votes?
11 after nine at five, 60.
If you're tossed and turned at night, not probably not because you're worried about all these things,
but because your mattress sucks.
It's lumpy, it's bumpy, it's worn out.
So if you're feeling cranky, because you can't get a good night's sleep,
do the smart thing, call the bedding experts at Diamond mattress, 1-800 mattress.
When you call it number, you'll be guaranteed a stupendous, a great solid night's sleep,
no matter even if they're dropping H-bombs next door.
Diamond mattress carries all the top brands, Ceeley, Certa Simmons, King Coral,
and every size and cupboard level, which means the mattress you want is in stock available for immediate delivery.
Recently, they set up the lovely Miguel with a brand new bed,
and he is just screwing his brains out in it, and he got a big smile on his purse.
He looks better than ever.
The folks at Diamond mattress did exactly what they promised like they always do.
No BS, no excuses, no B and late, no bait and swish,
just a great comfortable relaxing night's sleep for Miguel and his lovely fiance, whoever he is.
When the crew from Diamond mattress got to Miguel's home,
they set up as mattress to go out to crapy old Smelly One,
so don't be tempted by stores going out of business who can't and won't deliver,
and don't forget, today's the last day to take advantage of this.
That's right, it's the 31st.
Free delivery from Diamond mattress if you call and get you new mattress today.
So do it today.
1-800 mattress, that's the number to call,
and do all like Miguel and I do sleep like a baby.
1-800 mattress, 1-800 MATTRES for Diamond mattress, brand name beds for busy people.
Don't forget, call today and take advantage of free delivery, it's the last day for that.
Ceeley, I'm on you and look all.
This is 420 or 560.
2-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
And IOD, many 18-34 WIOD did much better back that was 1995, seven years ago, much better than when you think 18-34 would be a pretty decent demographic man. You would think so? Yeah. No. No. No. No. Guys. And while when we got the punks, you know. Oh. Not that good. Not that good. Although, look at that. Last summer, many 18-34, but that's 10-3. That mean anything. That's all a mad dog. All the mad dog is here that bogus you lie. I mean, I really big August. Oh.
1.7 last summer, a 2.5-10-3. Now, what about in the, uh-oh, oh. Whoa. Mornings. 6 to 10 a.m. Last summer, we had a 1.8 and at this time we got just a, uh, 0.8. Old point eight in the morning? Woo! Man, what if that's because... How are David's a bit? I wonder if that has something to do with it. I don't know. But we just don't kick ass 18-34 at all. And, uh, am I looking at the right station? Oh, no. That's not us. That's, uh, I'm not.
Well, I mentioned W.I.O.D. What do I know? How do we do Goddamn book, huh? Oh, look at that. We went up from last summer. Nice going, Moe. You're the best, baby. Must be that hair piece. Last summer, we had a 3.0. Oh. Well, that's, that's not the right one either. I could carry on till noon with this. Let me give you this. I'll just give you some numbers. 1, 3, 2, 5. Yeah. Screw it. 1.5 last summer, 1.2 in the, uh, in the mornings this time. So down just a hair. Oh, sorry. I said that. Down just a couple of...
Kinky hair is small. What about the biden... Oh, three point, oh, last summer in the midday, mostly George. And then a three, three this time. But I was in George's then that was a mad dog with a focus August. He had a month and August. Do you think that everybody in the world was in the mad dog? And by the way, mad dog, quit talking about my sponsors. You're ripping off your phone number. You know how long? First mortgage America has been on this show. How long? One was alien. One was that going on because that number, that number, one, 800 LED. I used to say,
Alia, Al, Alion. How many of you how I used to say it? How long ago was that? That's at least two years ago, right? Maybe I think more. More than that. So they've been on here on the show for a coon's age and he's on here. I understand. You know, you got to pedal your sponsor. Good luck to you, mad dog. You got some. But get out of with that crap about they stole your number or their number. Hey, yeah, right. Do you know that I had this is the truth? Not that anybody gives a crap. 11. 11 solicitation calls at home yesterday. And I get home at 130. I mean,
who knows how many times it rings in the morning? They're going up then 11 7. That evening before 11 yesterday. And then you know when the last one was a fax. One 12 55 in the morning, five to one. I'm sound asleep. I hear the phone ring. I reach over. Luckily, I got a phone right by the bed. I reach over and grab it. Be, you know, the faxing sound. Right. Five to one in the morning. So it's probably like a West Coast thing. You know, I never thought about that. Or sometimes they do it at that time because they know that they won't get a busy signal. Great.
I'm going to tell you something new assholes that keep bugging us on our phone at home. We're going to start getting really pissed off and part up. Aren't we? Just like the American public, like they got a code in yesterday about people should. There should be revolutions in the streets. Not from this crowd. Now, not from this crowd. Not America today too passive. Too many followed leader kind. Oh, did we redo the poll here? Eric? What was that all about? I'm going to have to vote again. Here's the poll today. Which one of these words do you think is most offensive? Nigger, spick, kike.
Faggot, wop. Or none of the above. They're just words. That's in line with that. We play Kissing Nigger. Good morning. Restitution song, which created a whole big. Simouson air. And because we don't want to get anybody, you know, have anybody. When people start getting threats, physical threats. Because of certain right wing websites. I'll tell you, man. We're like I told you before many times. The internet can be a wonderful thing. I'd say about 30% of it is useful. The other 70% is crap. Kakka rip offs, wing nuts, crazy people. It's.
Kakka. Desperados in their chat rooms. It's very, very sad is what it is. Because it could be. It could be a phenomenal thing. But it's like a breeding ground for a wacko is wing nuts. So this newsmax.com. And you can read it if you want. I'm not going to take the time to read it. Congolese rice targeted by racial song parody. The Togri campaign against African Americans in the Bush White House is set to turn ugly when they're coming weeks with a release of a new music CD featuring a cover photograph of President Bush reading National Security Advisor. Congolese, a rice with a social
kiss and a track inside called kiss a and and doesn't even spell that out. You got the blanks and blank. I've got for a bit morning. Oh God forbid. Perform by Boca Brian. A soft, low to Singers, Perides, a regular feature on the near Raju. And then it goes down about Mr. Raju's who is white has a website that features an array of anti bush material such as harsh biographies by former Clinton, Paul Bagallan, a subject Texas critic Molly Ivans as well as links to reports like smoking gun evidence. I may have a while. You know, it's interesting that I'm not going to waste my time writing stories and sending misses.
I'm going to tell you about your right wing website because I don't really give a crap. You can pull whatever kind of garbage on there you want, but don't take stuff out of context from this show and try to make it seem like something that it's not. Which is just exactly what the Fox people were trying to do. And we're not going to play the game with. And by the way, honey, over there, Fox, the CD's you ordered. You're not going to get them. And either is anybody else. We're not the air. It's not sending you those out. So if you ordered one of those and you wanted that particular cut, you ain't going to get me can get your money back or whatever. Huh? Good. Because they're just replacing it with another moment. It's going to be all over.
All mow bits with a different cover because the right wingers want to make a big simmiss about it. It's not worth it. It's not worth having him up there going through all the grief of physical threats and wackos and all this other crap. This is the way the right wing deals in this country. You have no more freedoms anymore. This business of freedom of speech is a myth. And what they're looking for next Tuesday, man, they're foaming at the mouth right now. They've already got control of two thirds of the government, the judiciary and the executive and now they can get control of legislative next to the have a clean sweep. Next to they could be the last election we ever have quite frankly.
If it was up to them, it was up to them. No more elections. Dictatorship, but at any rate. So that's our poll question today. So far we already got 27 votes, which were of these words you find most defensive. None of the above. They're just words 16, which is obviously the right answer. Nigger seven, kite for an unrespected, bag of door. Wap. How about if it's the do op shop? Did they get upset about that? They got upset when I got can. Port Tom jicker wrote a big thing about that and then couldn't even get the frequency right for waxy. You know, waxy. So you know, I'm not going to get the right answer. I'm not going to get the right answer. I'm not going to get the right answer. I'm not going to get the right answer. I'm not going to get the right answer. I'm not going to get the right answer. I'm not going to get the right answer. I'm not going
to get the left answer. The answer is the note right answer. So there's a reupe voted for me. See, I guess I do not want to get the right answer now. Same thing. Yes. So is this a row item? We are going to get the right answer now, but no, you're in the spring. C 담, the start the last week of Internet Era, anytime. You have a question about statistics. You're pocketed. That's the question we're carrying. The answer is, let's talk about it nine minutes. If not now, it's a row item. So I still in the spring because I have a question. Again, I'm not going. That's my part. It wasn't came but I got the值 cards off here on purpose. So I'm not going toanger that sort of minus six out of ten. So if it was loading, it's time to submit it. So I got the right answer now for title one, so I'm not going to see where I remember the answer. So what
This doesn't tell me anything about what we're doing.
And this doesn't have the breakdown.
So what did you bring me this stupid book for, Doc?
I'm just a joke.
And you bring me this stupid ass book.
We need Maddie Bell to break this all down.
No matter how you break it down, a summertime here sucks.
There's nobody here that's sampling his grotesque, et cetera, and so on.
Let's see. Women.
Look at the women we got.
We have no women on this show.
That's part of the problem.
IOD, we averaged about a 1.5-year-old woman 25-54 on my show,
which is still pretty embarrassingly low.
Here, you know what the average is in the last four books, a .9 in midday, .9.
I think it's the gambling.
The gambling.
The gambling, the gambling talk?
It's a sports station.
And it's an AM station.
You think most women listen to AM, I'm talking about under the age of 100.
Listen to AM radio.
See, that's one good thing about fascist news network, about Fox.
That makes me feel a little better.
I was thinking about this last night, even though they got those big numbers.
Nobody under the age of 100 watches any of those talking head network.
Unless there's something really special going on, like the sniper deal or post 9-11.
Other than that, nobody under the age of death watches CNN, MSNBC, or Fox News.
So they may have a big audience.
Huh? Fox News for a little bit of comedy, what's it about?
No.
There's no comedy on that.
It's the fascist news network.
All spin, all day.
Unfair and unbalanced.
And then they got the goal to talk about fair and balanced.
And there's a bunch of people out there stupid enough to believe that.
I think if they're attracted to that pancake makeup, that's what does it.
All the orange people.
I mean, you got to face it.
There is no other network that has as many orange people on here as they do on Fox.
That's true.
Well, couldn't you think they could afford a little bit?
And of course, why should they change?
Oh, by the way, good news for Chuckie.
Beasley radio post to profit.
You ready for that?
Well, Beasley broadcast and somebody faxed this to me, but thank you very much.
PD Lenny already came in here to stir me deeply this morning by pointing the sound.
Beasley of the Naples based radio broadcast, that has six stations in South Florida.
We put a net profit nearly one and a half million dollars a net revenue of 28.8 million
for the three months ending September 30th compared to a net loss of 11.5 million
net revenue last year, same period.
How do you like that?
They said that favorable same station revenue is an improvement in spot advertising
contributing to the third quarter results.
All right, so they're making some money.
Do we have any fax paper here?
No.
Is Chuckie gotten paid yet?
No.
Cheap pricks.
That's what Bob Herboot said.
You know what else he said?
Howard David's a bitch.
926 at 560 WQM.
Let's face it.
You've been here to speak of money.
It's been going to get and pay the serious amount of cash.
You've been here to talk about fast rain for a long time and wondered if it makes sense for you.
Well, if you're underpaid, if you're not even getting paid like Chuckie, the facts are simple.
If you have the dedication, fast rain can provide you with the necessary training to become a certified computer professional.
According to Time Magazine, the demand for a computer professional will continue to explode.
There's no end in sight, so to speak.
The average student completes the training in four short months attending school three nights a week.
Once you've completed your certification, fast rain will assist you in obtaining your new computer job.
Fast rain advice you to come in and visit their train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you.
Lebanon's Hayoto Downs.
Jackson Harness Raceway, whichever one you like.
Saginaw.
Call fast train tool free 1-866 fast train to set up your appointment with four Rue doso downs.
With four convenient locations you'll find them in Miami, Pembroke Pines for Lauderdale and their brand new one in Kindle.
So don't forget there's bound to be one nearby where you live.
Don't forget to ask the career counselor for listed students just like you or currently in their dream jobs thanks to training at fast train two while you're at it.
Call them today. There's no obligation to get yourself on the road to making some serious bucks.
Get out of your dead end job and stay out of radio by the way.
Call fast train 1-866 fast train.
That's 1-866 fast train or check them out on a wicked worldwide web at in the middle of all that's mung at fast train.com.
Ride in local, your sports radio 560s, you and you AM.
Oh brother, if Volca Brian is listing this piece of crap that you just facts to me if you send this to anybody I will personally come to your house and strangle you.
See this is no your laughing this is not funny if I was to read this to you off the year I just pulled us off the facts machine.
We probably got as we got Eric and Volca Brian are in business together. They got their own little empire going.
I see.
Yeah and it's on my website with my name on it.
Okay I'm at this point ready to just say take the whole goddamn thing off of there altogether.
There is a line in here that is so outrageous because I found out from a good friend of mine late last night who were this newsmax.com thing was behind us.
And he's got a paragraph and he was so outrageous that was based on some speculation the other day and he puts it down here and he's sending this out allegedly to people who wanted to buy that CD.
You're a crazy person Volca you're out of control.
When you see this you're just going to throw your arms up and you're like I'm about to do not say forget about it.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah quick going off on your own and doing stuff okay quick doing stuff just crawl onto the bad Volca crawl onto the bad guy yourself a lot of yellow and blue pills and get out of here.
Man what a crazy person maybe I'd go up to Orlando and he'll open Eric okay.
The two of you can run off and just eat all these and him on a phone.
No you tell him if he sends this out to one person I will personally come to his house with Luca Bratzie and with Moe's wig and like squash him like an ant because that's patently untrue.
Oh I thought it was Volca Brant.
While you tell Eric to get a hold of his little quizzling there.
See this is all on the air here this is great I don't want to be doing this I want to be doing a radio show but the two of them out of control this thing got so far off.
Okay 72 votes on a poll which of these words do you think is the most offensive there reason I'm doing this is because of this big stink about kissing you're good morning let me give you the background the real background first of all before anybody on this year or any of you out there were talking about condolese the rice many months ago in fact I got it off the net this morning where the hell is it.
The guy's name is Randall Kennedy.
A black professor college professor Randall Kennedy and he wrote a book called nigger the strange career of a treblesom word he was on CNN he was on MSNBC I'm sure he must have been on Fox but because I don't watch them very often I don't know but I'm sure he was on here he was making a rounds because of the controversy also you'll discover what was that all about.
Just saying that all the word that he's not something anything else anybody but I don't know how he knows the book of Brian something because they're joined at the hip don't you understand but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved but it moved
but it lived but it lived but it lived but it lived but it lived but it lived but it lived but it lived but the good never one other word one other word one other word things glaube your brother's ther was sc止 and he still
should meet a writer's sp understand a writer's sp question of Te claro how about the interiors of some tabthat you did some
years. My point is being that if you use a lot of words, you take any word. Like today's Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, and you say 50 times in a row by the time you get to the 50th time, it has no meaning anymore.
Exactly. It has no meaning. And so at a point, that's why I'm taking that poll question today. If you say these words often enough, you're desensitized. There are a lot of other people like to hurt you, like, you know, bullets and knives, and those things are evil doors.
And bombs, but the fact of the matter is that words, even though it may be old and tried words, don't hurt anybody. If you're going to be all uptight about words, and an OJ thing did use the N word, you know, let's grow off already in this country, okay? And stop worrying about snickering words.
So at the time that that came up, and then at the same time, they had brought up about once at the last 50 times they've done in the last three years, this business about black people wanting restitution for slavery, and they happen to come up pretty much at the same time.
So that's when Bokobrine put together this thing called the restitution song or Kissing Nigger Good Morning, and that's what it's all about. Head nothing to with Condoleezza.
And when we put together the CD this year, the Bokobrine, the second CD restitution, he found this picture of George W. Planting a Kiss on Condoleezza's cheek.
The song wasn't written about Condoleezza. He got her own song, by the way, which we will play, and will continue to be playing these songs on this show.
Great song.
We're not going to let any right wing of Waco's on a guy down their website, try to twist this out of what it means, but that's what they like to do.
Don't confuse us with the truth. Just like Bill Dough confused me with the truth, or Riley. And by the way, I just looked into Bok, FPL, don't show it all.
Mr. Hotshot, you know, Larnath's had a big summer. He had that huge September in there with an H-year. You don't show it all there in this market, Mr. O'Reilly.
Don't confuse me with the truth. Mr. Spin Doctor, I'll spin all night. Spin this, we'd heart.
In fact, when they were getting ready to put his ass on the year with that radio show, the people from Fox in those days, you can ask George, we're calling her,
oh, well, we'd like to invite Neil to be a guest on Bill's show. Well, how about if he won't do that? How about if Bill is a, we don't have guest on his show.
What do we want you on earth? I'm going to go on his show so we can let me say about three words and then cut me off in mid sentence, and using me as a human prop.
The only reason he has guest on a show is to use them as a prop. That's all. And no matter what they say, he's not listening to a word they say.
Oh, well, you're absolutely wrong. And then he comes out with his bogus statistics, which are always wrong anyway. But don't confuse the public with the facts.
Just like the right-wing paranoid who've been listening to Rushford two years, telling stories about it. And then he just makes up at random about Hillary Clinton killed this one and Bill Clinton killed that one.
And you know, just makes it up. Vince Foster did this and, you know, like Frankie pentangely all over again.
So did I get my point across or not? I think so. Then I explained the origins of this song and what it's all about.
And during all the times that we play them, we have plenty of black people listening to this show. We've never had one complaint.
Not one person that said, you better stop playing that, Mr. That's a real racist because they understand the humor in the show. And they understand it's consistent.
I use the word faggot. I use the word kike. I use this. Who gives a crap about words? You got to have a sense of humor for Christ's sake.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
He's going to have to be the old guy.
He won't us to find a way.
He reimbursed for back pain.
From 200 years ago, when they were slaves.
When I only have a mobile home. A pitful and a pinch of skull.
So if you want to ask me how, here's what I gotta say.
You've got to kiss a nigger good morning.
You tell him that you're sorry for it's lavin' him on.
Yes, a nigger good morning.
And that's where everybody's who is dead at all.
If I was born in 1802,
old enslaved ain't something I do.
But what for dead people dead to you? I have to take the plane.
We'll get the 804 and old 90s.
With a can of smelly cherry in back.
Instead of 40 acres and a mule, I have a better way.
You've got to kiss a nigger good morning.
Went one on how it para Morgan Raymond to.
Yes, a nigger good morning.
No.
And that's your risen intuition for it's slave at you.
Kiss a nigger good morning.
And tell him that you're sorry for it's lavin' him on.
Yes, a nigger good morning.
And that's where everybody's who is dead at all.
I'm sorry, I'm just so psychotic I could blow my brains up.
Boca Brian bug off.
I don't want to see again.
Now who's that freaky carless with that stupid pussy outfit?
Who's that?
Somebody in there Halloween get up.
Yeah, I couldn't see though.
Yeldie was wearing this Halloween get up this morning.
It looked like a geldie with a shirt on.
We got a call that that song is played by a black country singer.
Yeah.
You mean there it is?
I think so.
Black country singer?
It's played by a song.
I don't think I understand what anybody is saying here today folks.
I think I'm speaking a wrong language.
There must be a wrong place like South Florida.
Yeah, the song is played by a country singer.
Black country singer.
Oh, and that's where Charlie Pride must sing that.
I heard him sing that many times.
Right.
No.
I think that might even be the name that he made.
Charlie Pride sings kiss a nigger good morning.
That's what we just got.
I don't know there's another version that he's talking about with some other song.
Here's Todd and Holly would have said congratulations on the B's they group profits.
That's what Todd said.
Long me 50 bucks.
It was you and that black dildo what done it.
I think you're right Todd.
It's a big, big fat one with a nice handle on it.
Easy to get a grip on it.
Speaking of nose picker, did you see the look on James Face?
I'm carrying me stuck in it.
I loved it.
I mean politically it was wonderful even though she had no business being it.
You know, this business, look, it's not a question of being insensitive and no they shouldn't be held in the attention.
They should be, they should have the same rights as the other ref you use.
Get there, you know, go off with your relatives or whatever and then hopefully they show up for their asylum hearings and then send it back.
Right.
Because I don't care what anybody tries to tell you they are economic ref you ease.
They're not political ref you ease and most of the Cubans are needed for that matter.
But you know, that's already water over the day and politically it would be too explosive for jab or w or anybody to say,
well, let's repeal that Cuban adjustment.
I so they're not going to do that.
We can't keep doing this.
We just, I mean, how long does it take to learn your lesson in this town?
And Mike Mayo and all you other bleeding hearts sure it's heartbreaking.
But you know something, how about if all these people came over on a huge ship from Africa?
We do just let them in and then there's there's God and built press on here my good bleeding heart liberal friend on MSNBC yesterday talking about the ship St. Louis during W. W. W.
W. W. and how they came to Cuba.
They turned it away and they came to South Florida and FDR turned it away and they all went back to Europe and got most of them got executed.
Boy, we're not at war right now.
I mean, we're at war with terrorism and by the way, nice job on a homeland security while we're at it.
We're able to smuggle these people and who like like that thing I got yesterday said that one article if they're the one facts if they're able to smuggle in a bunch of people in right in front of the nose of the court.
It was two miles away from the goddamn coast guard.
Two miles away and they're able to smuggle in 220 people.
How about somewhere offshore?
We got this big huge coastline in his state and the whole country for that matter.
Who knows where to held their washing people up on shore?
And the president thing we got under the guise of Homeland Security.
We've got this separate policy for Haitians like there are real threat.
Oh yeah, we got a lot of Haitian terrorists.
What is this man talking about?
So I hope next Tuesday, even though I don't have to agree with your attitudes on immigration a lot of you Haitian folks out there.
I hope next Tuesday not that they're listening.
They remember all of this and go to the polls and vote even though they probably won't.
You see the people falling on the ground outside the INS building last night and the protest rolling around on the ground in psychotic and screaming.
I mean I can understand probably a lot of these people are their relatives.
Right. But you just can't keep opening the doors and let everybody come in here.
Why? How tragic it ended well?
You risk their lives to get here.
What about the people across the Mexican Texas border?
You think they're risking their lives? You bet.
Same thing.
They shoot them in a heartbeat.
You just, I mean you got to get control especially during these times.
If there's anybody doesn't understand that during these times.
Oh, but we got Homeland Security.
Just look at big time rates. Don't make you feel secure at all.
No, it scares the hell out of me.
Like a wooden Indian.
Well, we're getting way behind 943 at 560 WDQM.
We all have different lifestyles.
Therefore we got to have different things that we put in our system.
Here's something you can pop in your post that's good for you.
It's a great new product called Oliomad.
Just keep saying that Oliomad Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of the American people.
The pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with vitamins, minerals, herbals.
Other nutrients specifically scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs.
They got three great new products.
Want to help you sleep one for your weight management and co-Q10 for your heart.
All using the benefits of the purest olive oil you'll find anywhere.
It's an exciting new product that you can pick up right now at public records and Walgreens.
If you want to get more info about Oliomad and what it can do for you, call their tool free number.
1866 Oliomad.
That's 1866653663 or 1-800 Booker Brides & Asshole.
You can also, or not seriously, I'm just, I tore that thing up and threw it away.
I don't ever want to see it again. I don't want to see him again.
You can also order Oliomad online at oliomedamerican.com.
And don't forget if you visit your nearest publics and purchase an Oliomad product and data browser.
You can get you a coupon, pray free.
Larry Coker, Bobblehead, Dalwa, supplies, lies. I'm leaving now and go to publics.
Don't forget to visit their stamping-providing sports center every Sunday when the fish are playing home games.
Pick up free Oliomad samples and for your health, for your father. Start popping it in your push today.
My life and love.
This is Sports Radio 560.
You ain't way, you ain't way, yeah.
Bad date of quitsniff and gloom.
Yeah.
In that book I made it clear.
The magic book.
What other men is where I see it?
The magic book.
At Roger Dahltree I sometimes stare.
The magic book.
I like his walk and I like his hair.
The magic book.
I watch his jeans when he struts.
The magic book.
I just love his magic book.
The magic book.
When we're on tour I just hope.
The magic book.
He'll lose his grip and drop the soul.
The magic book.
I see it.
I see it.
You can't have it.
The magic book.
I'm 47.
I scarred to the book by the way.
WFTL doesn't show it all.
So Bill don't confuse us with the truth or Riley.
She made a big impact on that station.
Not even a dent, not a whisper.
Well somebody's got the answer to the original song on it.
Hello.
Yeah, me.
Yes sir.
Yeah, Paul from Palm Beach.
Yeah Paul.
The song was Kiss an Angel Good Morning by Charlie Price.
Yeah, it was Charlie Price.
Kiss an Angel Good Morning.
And that's what makes the song even funnier than it is.
Well sure that's what they're all song parodies.
They're all based on real songs right?
Sure.
I'm going to like the Schmidt Kick and stuff.
Well, that's all right but it was definitely a black country singer.
How do you like that?
A black country singer singing Kiss an Angel Good Morning.
How do you like that?
It's unbelievable.
Shocking, scandalous.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Thanks, Neil.
And we said that was pride.
Charlie.
178 votes on there on the pool already.
Which of these words do you think is the most offensive?
A spick one.
Now this guy they don't care about.
Spick.
They know when they see when they smell one.
Wap three.
See, it's all a question of the grease level.
You know that's how you tell the difference between spicks and real waps.
The grease level.
Faggot seven.
Seven people out there find that offensive.
I find it actually amusing at this point.
For example.
That damn faggot I can't stand it.
Kind of amusing.
I like the way she says that.
Kike ten.
Ten people don't like kikes.
I mean, nigger forty.
See, so niggers like moving up there.
But none of the above.
They're just words 109.
That's 64.1%.
So we got nigger moving up on the ladder.
So to speak.
11 before 10 at 560 WQYM.
Source of US policy on Haitian migrants.
A well kept secret.
Ten months after was put into effect the origin of the policy of incarcerating Haitians who arrive
on Florida shores seeking political asylum remains a mystery that even veteran legislators
apparently can't solve.
How do you like that?
It's a mystery.
When did that policy go through?
Critics decried the policy as discriminatory saying that no other nationality is singled out
and jailed.
But where the policy came from within the Bush administration or even who established
it remains unknown.
Like everything else within this administration it's a deep dark freaking secret.
Nobody ain't saying nothing.
In a brief statement on the latest arrival of Haitian migrant migrants in South Florida
and without explaining the incarceration policy attorney general John Heinrich Himmler
Ascroff said that Haitians are being treated fairly appropriately and humanely.
Right.
Sure.
Oh, and did you see what our reflection said yesterday?
It balladed the minister of information.
He says, oh, well, you know, that's the policy we have to follow the law and we're not going
to change it.
In spite of what the president's brought.
He didn't say that.
But yeah.
And a brother can say called up here all he wants, but we changed the number.
Change the number, jab.
Get lost.
And we hope you lose.
In recent months some legislators on Capitol Hill have sought to tell us from the Bush
administration how the policy was established to keep Haitian asylum seekers in jail while
their cases were weighed.
The administration, however, won't say.
They won't say.
They just do things arbitrarily.
They won't tell you when it was done, how why it was done, who'd done it.
And you talk about a free country, about a free guy.
And this is what the lot of you people out there embrace.
Everything is a deep dark mystery.
We've been trying to put a face to this policy.
He said Stephanie Cuttersh, spokesman for Senator Edward Kennedy, who shares a Senate self-committee
on immigration.
Meanwhile, concerns about Haitian immigration are soaring as the hurricane season winds down
and has had these political economic conditions deteriorate.
Would our self-appointed guy that we stuck back in there, by the way?
Many officials fear that it would take little to entice a flood of Haitians to add for Florida
and during dangerous trips and rickety vessels, not to mention, of course, being smuggled in.
See, that's another thing.
If they just let these people stay here and the word gets back on a pipeline, and all of a sudden,
just like during Mary L. Baby, you're going to have thousands and thousands and thousands of Haitians
and others pouring out of the shores.
Then what?
Crap.
In the past month, Haiti has approached an economic tailspin.
Its currency, the Gord, has plunge 25% in value.
Good Gord.
Haitian President John Bertrand-Aristede, a former priest no less, is attempting to force
to all or run on his nation's banks, violence by thugs usually against opponents of Aristides on the rise.
He's our thug.
Our priest thug.
And for all the money that we're going to all the billions that we're going to pee away,
not to mention the waste of human life in Iraq with this contrived war,
there's just imagine how much good instead of just a few million instead of like lip service,
we could like really build up the economy down there and give these people a reason to be alive
and put a real government in there.
And of course, it has so much more impact on our lives because it's right here in our hemisphere
and we got people washing up on shore from their every-guide damn day.
Something that really affects our lives.
Something that's a threat to national security and the economy and everything else.
What they have no oil.
As opposed to this fantasy, oh, but it got good baseballs.
You're so-and-um too tight.
The policy of detaining Haitian asylum seekers while they awaited determination of their status began
in mid-December shortly after a boatload of 180 seven Haitians found it off Miami
and Rick and Suss Ronnier saying boatloads, and then he never heard them no more.
The director from the IMS headquarters in Washington ordered federal authorities
in South Florida to keep Haitian asylum seekers locked up unless otherwise authorized by Washington.
IMS officials initially denied the director, but in response to a lawsuit,
IMS acting deputy director Peter Michael Beckwraff said in March 19th, David David,
that the new policy was designed to avert a mass migration and to discourage Haitians
from contemplating dangerous voyages to the US right.
Right.
Great, meek craft was unavailable for comment.
The spokesman declined to address the issue.
And let me say it again, if the Haitians were at political clout and if they were right-wing,
if they voted Republican most of the time, you can be damn sure there wouldn't be anybody
being detained the way they are right now, not one, not a single one.
In fact, the governor would have been down there with open arms and legs.
Okay, hey, come on like a BDI Bobby Graham was.
You know, it's really kind of ironic that Bob Graham is now the big hot shot on the security.
The Senate Intelligence Committee, which in his case is an oxymoron,
even though he said a lot of good stuff recently, but it's about time.
But back during the Mary L. Days, boy, he was down there.
Hey, come on down, baby. They courageous, they courageous freedom flotilla.
That's what he was talking about.
And of course, in the meantime, Fidel, hey, here's a couple of nice people.
Here's a crook, here's a murderer. Go put up all the jails and mental institutions.
He picked in shows. We went through years of history in his town because of that.
And did we learn? No.
Do we ever learn? Then I'm reading a paper this morning while I'm going to be long lines on election day
and the battle of this so long, they're already predicting a nightmare on Tuesday.
This place is hopeless, Tom Jicca. There's no need I don't need to be here to get the feel of this.
I know already. It's hopeless. This is the place where they can't do anything right.
And talk about neurotic repetition. No matter how many times we keep making the same mistakes.
Oh, let's try it one more time. Let's see if we can screw it up again.
I think she can do it.
Yeah. What the hell was that?
What is that?
Oh, that was the cue button.
I was excited. I thought we had somebody under the board in there.
Confused the shit. What does he look like?
What did you just say?
I said, Confused the stuff out of me.
Do you hear what he almost just said?
Almost. Yeah, he said, shh.
She ate. Oh, she ate something like that.
Don't start picking on the herbs again.
Okay. We didn't put them on the thing.
Oh, we should have put a laundry head on there.
I guess. No, I don't do that.
Which of these words do you think is the most offensive?
207 votes already.
None of the above. They're just words. God damn it. 129.
Nigger, 52.
Kike, 14.
Faggot, 8.
Wop, 3.
And spick only 1.
Only 1 spick psycho.
And of course I got them trained on that, you know?
You think spicks like span? Spick and span?
Not this big.
No, no.
You know who likes span?
Suds coolman and rednecks like span.
Which I never thought it says is a redneck, but that's a strange thing.
Here's a fact from John Morelle in Port St. Lucie who says,
you can significantly cut down the number of unsolicited phone calls you get
by getting caller ID from the phone company and then activating anonymous call blocking on your phone.
Most of the telephone sales call calls block their phone numbers from being displayed
in your caller ID. That's right. And none of those calls will bring it to your house after the call block is in place.
So what do you do?
I already have caller ID.
How do you activate anonymous call blocking on a phone? How do you do that?
I'm not sure. I've never heard of that.
Anonymous call blocking. Well, John in Port St. Lucie, thank you so very much for faxing me then.
Now if you'll just let me know how I activate my anonymous, etc. and so on.
Here's a fact that says when you allow a detainee out on the street if there's a flight risk.
Let's give this piece, this people and expedient these people and expedient opportunity to explain their intention to come to this company and if it's economically related, bond voyage.
It says, I see a raise money each year for causes that are important to you.
Why don't I see all these heart-releading righteous protesters, stick their hands in their deep pockets, or raise money to help those in need?
I'm sure they might get lucky and find somebody to help in Africa, India, South America, even in their backyard if they care to look.
Whatever this means, okay? Right on. Whatever you said.
I have no idea what it was, but whatever you said. He also said Book of Brian's an asshole and I said,
Absolutely correct.
That thing he sent me, it gives me chills to realize that I'm surrounded by people I haven't gotten, I haven't got a clue where to draw any line.
Where there's any line. It's just like just shoot from the hip. Just say a bunch of crap, you know.
Just stick to the funny stuff. You're a funny guy, Brian. You look funny. You sound funny. You act funny. That wig you've got sometimes is funny.
You're a funny little guy. Don't start being like a broadcast or an expert on public relations or some kind of a sociologist who's going to like,
Just forget about that, okay? Or some kind of an internet guru. Leave that to Eric. Remember that you'll leave it in Eric?
957. At 560 WQM on a wonderful Thursday on Halloween. It's Halloween, baby. You should see some of the freaks around this place today.
I love that thing that Moha and I said, you know what? It was cute. I don't know exactly what it was, but it was moving around a little bit.
We got the mad dog and one, Hank will be on it three and then of course between five and six. The worst hour in history,
Bino every Thursday, but it kills a good hour, the hopper said seven o'clock. We got the big because we couldn't find anybody else or Orlando.
And then of course, Eddie K from GA at 10. Joe and what is that? Why do we have ESPN radio overnight?
Is that a mistake? Good be. That says right here Thursday night, two to six in the morning. ESPN radio is in Friday morning. Don't tell me we got another mistake at a schedule.
Oh, brother. I'll take a one thing when he go to Brandy's. It's never mistake. That's the right place to take your feet. In fact, just chop your feet off of the ankles, put them in a goddamn bag and send them over to Brandy's. They'll take good care of them.
Seriously, they got the top brands in a business, the most unbeatable prices and sales who's no their feet inside not what? What is that? What do you give me a look?
Somebody called and said, stop making fun of Howard on this line. Well, on the inside line, probably his wife. Anyway, they got rock ports, S.A.S. Spirit, Timberland, actualizer and lot more. And probably PD Lenny's got nothing else to do down there.
And with their gigantic solution to the shoes you want our in stock ready to pop on your feet. And like I told you, like I was starting to say, we were got interrupted by PD Lenny's have another spastic drug attack.
Brandy's is open daily nine to nine Sundays, 10 to five. You'll find him at 1290 North Federal Highway and Pompano Beach. Take good care of your feet, send him over to Brandy's. And all this wicked Brandy's take 20% off on all famous men and women boat shoes. This week only at Brandy's in prestigious Pompano.
My and lovel. This is 425 City.
Way to A.M.
It's day is to Brandy Town. You've turned at 56.00 WQA.
Now, it's Roomsh hysteria.
Now, 560 WQA with Hurricane B-Maw.
Get in the hoop. Get in the hoop.
Time is being watched.
No. Get in the hoop.
As the hurricanes go up against the Rikers Island Beach Banger.
I'm getting in the hoop. I'm getting in the hoop.
I'm getting in the hoop. Get in the hoop.
This beat B-Ball for mindless Monatone mouth breathers like you.
Now, say hoops.
Hoops. Hoops. Hoops. Hoops. Hoops. Hoops.
Now, take off your pants.
Now, grab each other.
There you go.
Now you're ready for your man's B-Doh man fantasy.
560 WQA.
10-0-2-5-60 WQA.
You know, years ago, I just want to do a message for Miguel and Eric.
Okay. You know, that CD I was talking about doing a best of.
I got emotionally yesterday myself and lost control of my senses for just a little while.
I was talking about doing a best of and going through all of that working out.
Looked about it.
Yeah, that's the message.
Okay, you got an Eric and everybody else and Miguel.
Looked about it.
Just forget about it. That's what I say.
Okay, just calm down. That's wrong with you.
Howard David's the bitch.
Speaking of that, in London, some of the just facts, this to me, Britain's Navy was so alarmed by anecdotal evidence that hundreds of sailors visited.
Male prostitutes during voyages in the 60s that launched a full investigation documents released Wednesday said, meaning today.
Yesterday.
What they said, sailors stopped the services of male prostitutes and ladyboys.
It's Singapore and Bermuda during tours of duty.
But ultimately, the Navy concluded could do little to stamp out such homosexual practices because practice does make perfect.
Ladyboys?
I'll just relax. Just listen and you might learn something, but I doubt it.
A naval document from 1969, a naval document, released by Britain's pubic records office for the first time yesterday, describes how sailors would hit the town in Singapore as soon as their ship docked.
Not infrequently, this ends up with them sleeping with male prostitutes who dress up very convincingly as females are read.
See, now you get it?
Ladyboys.
Quite like a freaky carlo south, fundamentally, looking better, I would hope.
Quite a high percentage of intelligent men could be fooled even when sober, it's so.
How do you like that?
Now, my good friend John in Port St. Lucie, I sure appreciate your fact in me back this information, the only problem being about the color of blocking the anonymous call rejection on star 77 off star 87.
Then he writes on for one call when the other party also was called rejection activated star 82.
What does that mean?
See, I was understanding until I got to that part.
Off for one call when the other party also was called rejection activated star 82.
Do you get that?
No.
I need it or what?
But I'm going to put this right into my hip pocket and take it home and try it, okay?
Because if I can do anything to get rid of these guys, they have unsolicited phone calls five to one in the morning, God damn it.
I got it in the waist bag.
I'm going to put their name on you tomorrow. I've got it. It's some kind of a mortgage company. It's not a sponsor on a station.
Thank goodness. There was one that came in like around nine o'clock last night.
It facts with their name on it.
It's a mortgage place in Fort Lauderdale. Then to bottom it says, if this was sent to you an error called us toll free number, get your number off the thing.
Of course it was sent to me an error. I didn't solicit that.
Mortgage companies are notoriously the worst.
Well, if a man, that's what I say, scrum.
I don't care who download is. It's either for a shoes or a mortgage company or our supplies.
Printed supplies. They're big on that too. Printed supplies.
Which by the way we could use around here, we could use some facts paper.
I think I'm going to buy us some facts paper because this place is so good.
We have to see every morning. I have to send Chuckie out there in a hallway to steal facts paper for the printing or the printer out there and from power 96 to that crap down the hall every day.
We got a scrounge for a facts paper because this is such a cheap ass outfit. Even order bragging.
We made money in the last quarter. Well, where now is it? Some people like to see the color of it, okay?
Just take a look. Not actually hold it. Just take a look at it.
A lot of things are not categorized. I'm sure. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let me just take a peek. Let me hold that for a second. W-Q-I-M.
Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Neil, you need that bus to your ball.
Okay, great.
How many Q-I-M?
Neil. Hey, well, I was going to say that.
That is him or what? Look at that. Wait a minute. Sir, our program, our operations managers are walking with a blonde, Halloween wig.
And if that is you, man, I'd keep that on. You might get lucky before the hour is too.
They don't have Michael blind. Go ahead. Go ahead. Look at it.
Oh, you won't believe this. You'd be obsessed.
Contact the phone company. They can, I think they can do it permanently because I got a call around 6 this morning.
I got a call in with the phone company and they can activate it permanently.
How do they do that?
Just call them up because I talked to someone. They said just call Bell South.
Really? Yeah.
And then wait a minute. Wait an hour for about 45 minutes and maybe you'll be lucky enough to speak to somebody at Bell South.
Yeah, if they don't disconnect you first.
Plus I hate Bell South anyway. They make me sick.
Hey, you were talking about pop-ups the other day.
Right.
I got a free software from my internet service company. I'll be happy to burn it down at this.
And send it to you.
Please.
And it doesn't put any more ads up, anything like that. The only problem is this is too good.
If you go to click a link, sometimes it won't open the link. If it opens up a new page.
Is it the Earth link one?
Huh? Is it from Earth link?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's not bad. Yes. I don't know.
Yes, I don't know. Please.
Yeah. And also I have one also that's integrated into my firewall. I use Onalon Pro.
And I don't have any stock in it. I just find them very good.
And also block some of your cookies and people trying to access your computer illegally.
Yeah. Block your cookies, man. That's what I always say.
So I'll be happy to send you that plop out block.
Thanks a lot.
Someone can give me the address to the station. I'll burn it up and put it out in the mail.
Hang on. Hang on and talk to our great Chuck.
You got it.
Okay.
Okay. So some helpful people. There's a fact that says there's an easier way to step on one of the calls.
Call the phone company, ask for privacy director. It's around 16 bucks a year.
Oh, 16 bucks a year. I'd pay a lot more than that.
Instead of blocking calls, it screens all types of soliciting business calls or callers
that don't allow the numbers to be shown on your caller ID.
When these people try to call the privacy director interferes and picks up for you.
It'll show privacy director on your caller ID when you pick up the phone.
If you... Well, wait a minute. When these people try to call, does the phone ring?
See, that's the thing. I don't want my phone ringing.
I don't want these people getting through to my number. I got an almost-it number.
I don't want that phone ringing, especially five to one in a god damn morning.
When you pick up the phone if you choose to an automated service will say privacy director.
And then the person calling you will state their purpose. You may hear who's calling.
I don't want to go through that. You'll be... Then you'll be asked to press one to hang up to the end. No!
No. Absolutely positive of the answer is...
I don't want to have to go through that. I want to stop the calls. I don't want to go through a long, convoluted process.
Press one if you got a big ass, press two if you got a crappy attitude. Press three if you love mo.
Howard David's a bit... Whatever. You're not going to go through that. I want to get rid of them.
I don't have to go through some big long convoluted process.
And speaking of process, it's interesting to me that up in Toronto, which I spent several months there, and in Amsterdam,
I don't get any of these calls in either one of those places.
Of course, Amsterdam, it's a little loud or a little ass-backward over there. Okay, well fine. That's good in that case.
But in Toronto, the shoes I'm not backward. In fact, my guide damn internet service up there never goes down. Not for one second. Not for a millisecond.
So if there's so-guy damn backward everywhere else, how come down here your damn service goes down all the time?
But I never get any of these unwanted solicitations on my phone there or on my... And how come they don't do it on your cell phone, by the way?
So, Remrie, is why you don't get them on your cell phone?
I'm not sure. I'm not sure why that is.
Well, somebody will probably tell us. I'm almost tempted. You know, a lot of people have gotten rid of their regular home phones.
You know that? And they get to use cell phones. I don't like that because I don't like the quality of the cell phone.
Even if you have a real good one, they're okay sometime. In fact, just listen to the show and you'll hear some bad cell phones really bad.
Hopefully they'll get to the point where the technology's good enough that that's all we'll have.
Yeah, that's all we'll have of cell phones. I was driving to work this morning. There were some smarts that brought in there next to me and she was...
I mean, it's black. How can you talk about it? All depends on the usage. If you say, oh, look at that dumb shfarts are over there. That's offensive, man.
You're picking on some poor dark guy. Maybe he is dumb, but I mean, but what is that?
What they don't understand, they take as an insult.
Well, you know something. If you're going to have a chip on your shoulder or all your life, you're going to get offended a lot. That's my comment about that.
If you want to be offended in this world, no problem at all. If you've got a sense of humor, if you just take things in stride, if you don't give a flying crap anyway, who cares?
That's what the poll is showing. 62.4% say, none of these words they find offensive. They're just words.
I'm not saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that.
I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I
am saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. The
opening between American actually is not the best place to go, because obviously it's the coolest place and live. It's theest place. It's theest place I've ever been living. What can I do? I'm going to do one groups without Medicare. Something
David's a bit online casino radio 560 WQAM presents Captain Mo Vaineroo the
ratings for the sports format were so bad we had to start paying the sponsors
and when the only three listeners we had to get paid for listening well we
thought we'd give this a try. Hello boys and girls this is your role the Vainey
Captain Vaineroo we got a full-ducket of moistened
argument over here. Err this thing's I will not be doing this boys and girls
I was a big star at one time see but I got to tell you kids with an
imparad eye saying cheap I need to check understand all right looks it we got
over here got some great paper or fingers up after doing one and captain we want
green jeans to be alone aren't you gonna say good morning to our friends they're
right to do morning moves they call me mr. Moots
or have their home back a moots and where they're at the man dingo man you be
disin me I'm not a pipe down pal you woolly's a world right by me got the
good strong loins from the proper breeding I don't know what you get to say that's
what you're stupid did it now we're gonna make something out of this great paper
you understand then maybe later I'll pull the link sausages out of my pants okay
right now here's the paper I'm gonna use sheets of one green jeans I'll take two
two so that's your take it's a joke you're more on top I'll take one for me how
many for you a mister moose in a home tin 10 10 sheets of paper look at this black
gas monkey over here you want 10 sheets 10 sheets of paper well I got news for
you pal paper don't come cheap you're dumped it soon
what you with it
I'm gonna cut your penis from me out here green jeans
hey where's your green jeans around my ankle
where are you what yours to be
pulling down green jeans oh no not again
run on it run
that's 17 at 560 WQM don't forget join George Volka Brian in fact when you see
Volka treasure island that tonight just give him a slap in the face oh now to be
pretty interesting now you dressing up for that occasion are gonna do a Halloween
thing I don't think so why not you're gonna be left out you're gonna be left out
so how did I look with that blonde wig on beautiful that was great it well I
felt lovely I felt like a new girl it was incredible we got this blonde wig
that's being passed around a building Miguel started out with him Miguel oh that
is him is that him or what of course it's kind of a telltale thing with a
black pus you know the Kirkel Bay yeah look what happened to him for it
he uh... he looks okay with that and then month was in here with that thing
on and that that he was that he looked the best of anybody that was definitely
him he's gonna be taking that out a little later on I can't tell you where but if
Jeb Lucis to McBride it says W will do more for Florida because they'll be
awake of Crawford's own election in 2004 since Florida's vital to him oh yeah
he went in Florida again I forget about that we got we got devious plans to
take care of that you know what I mean devious plans with quotes around of that
you know they're they're playing those spots I mean she must have seen it by
now the McBride spot where they play the clips off of that tape yeah yeah I don't
have and how is it possible that people are hearing them say these things and
it's like uh... oh we didn't hear it we don't know what you're talking about he
said that no we don't think he said it was just kidding how is that possible you
asked holes if they heard in the sun sent how is that freaking possible if I'm
getting worked up again that's because I'm hearing it's bad I shouldn't be
here Tom little Tommy jikki you're wrong Tom I shouldn't be here it's bad for my
health it's enough to drive you know it's and if you think that's enough to
drive you know it's got to see all the facts and get now about the phone thing this
guy says this and somebody else says that and but I mean but I still don't know
what they'll do well somebody called and said that the privacy director from
Bell South is is probably the best thing that it takes care of almost everything
well Gary says the guy explained it wrong your phone doesn't bring unless the
caller leaves a message that facts that work you up with never gotten through
uh... okay
the phone doesn't ring
unless the call leaves a message and then if you pick it up then you go through
the choices you want to speak to them are they uh... grave robber they want
your money that is a man with ten million dollars et cetera
is it matures wants to give you all your money back no i don't think so much
you want to give me some of that money back but with that number come out of
the caller at the end of the week speaking of a matures give me my money back
i got a good message from a good friend to jef rimmock
mhm mhm mhm mhm mhm mhm mhm mhm mhm mhm mhm
great golden even the path is again last night was pretty sad no shots in the
third period they get out shots seven hundred to like thirteen and they still
win a game and over time
thanks to the fact that turkow decided to take a walk wander around here and
over time and over here in the corner ought to put into that games over
him and i'm over here in the court games over see
it was the turkey
so let's go anyway if you call someone to get a recorded message in the uh...
the person you are calling is chosen out to accept calls that the block their
phone numbers from being displayed on a caller ID
you'll need to dial star eighty two for your call to go through for them
what
star seventy seven turns it on permanently turned off with a star eighty seven
uh... what i'll put this in my pocket and just a f of a
punch all kinds of buttons on here
what i'm going to do is take the guy damn phone all of them stuck in the bottom of
my pool is what i'm going to do that over
uh... i'm not exaggerating seven on
twos day and eleven yesterday seven eleven maybe it's an old
issue of the seven eleven got a big goal
but eleven and then one at five to one of the guy damn morning
tomorrow not remind me before i leave tomorrow bring a net facts from that uh...
and these people need to be exposed
yet every one of them we have to be the people that are doing this
i'll put them on the air
because this is absolutely unacceptable to be the bug in people and
and it's nothing now used to be like you know after six it was almost a
her to six and i
now eight fifteen in the morning seven thirty nine o'clock ten o'clock at
night and i'll brand new a load twelve fifty five in the morning
whether that was you should only croak okay i want you to take it personally
we should only die a wicked death
five to one the guy damn morning
is shvarts of offensive is goyam offensive okay answer shvarts is the new
truly it is term for black
including the person
there are other derogatory terms on borrowed from english but there are
juz who can make shvarts of offensive
however even though the meaning of the term is no fence that doesn't mean that
the word has it has required an offensive well that's fine like i said you can
use any word anyway you want
goy is the standard Hebrew term for non-Jew plural goyam adjective goyasha
like this place goyasha even though we got a lot of juzer out here still a
goyasha place literally it's the Hebrew for nation spoken allowed with a
disgusted and flesh and it's perjurit
so is the word jew and similar to
odd at damn jew that damn goy
that uh... but it's actually dan goy is dumb goy say
i'm giving the education here dumb goy well it's kind of redundant
better to say gentile or non-Jew when writing in english for a multi-religious
audience such as s s c j what is that what is this from
s c j
in uh... in general the use of judgment or a progerative terms even if no
offenses intended should be avoided they only serve to win sight anger and
side track the conversation
so it's like etiquette in the phrase shabas goy a gentle who does things for
juzan shabas it is neutral yet when refusing to do something for someone by
saying i'm not your shabas goy it carries a derogatory tinge
someone all that's like uh... that's like uh... house nigger in it
house mouly like that the kind of the least of thing
oh we've been not played that again are we gonna play that yes
some also suggest avoiding the term marano which means pig
what language is that looks like spanish to me
how do you say pig and spanish
say to
rosy
depending on the intended meaning the term cifardic or crypto jua
too much of this jute talk okay there's like ten juzan the world we got to
spend half the show talking jute talk
295 and none of more listen to this show 295 votes except bridge factor
which of these words you think is most offensive
none of the above are just words a hundred eighty one
nigger seventy nine
kike seventeen
faggot eleven all i'd act on i say that well
faggot eleven
walked for inspect three
and that's it
with your over one over sixty percent of the people this audience of the summer
true enough to realize it
it's just a bunch of words guess what else somebody facts me they which i find
sensational
and let me say it again the origins of that song
the book nigger the strange career of a troublesome word by randal kennedy a
black professor was interviewed on every one of the talking head channels and i'm
sure you people at fox news had them on several months ago
but all takes up the net twisted around and turn it
see because this is what the right wing is address is if we got some influence
on the show we don't have any influence
what's the point are you really that paranoid that psychotic yes
yeah you're right
so look at all the people who died from godfather
godfather actors who died
what a list great well let's take a call to wqa m
new yes sir
couple quick things and a fire for the fuel indulge me
go right in
i don't know who's the bigger genius uh... both of ryan for making the moment
or you're for finding a way to enter people enough to put into that awful
morning show
could i find myself to an end to find out what he's gonna be parodying
yeah
i can i keep telling my building and all right i don't really tell me i could
like this morning when he you know what he called yelby go again i you know i
i'm just waiting for the bit where he's the perfect and the skipper now
i'm getting paladin
and the fireports uh... not that you care
but uh... the maggots of the midday were blown off yesterday
how they uh...
beat you by a point in the summer book and pondie
they didn't beat me i was not on the
uh...
wait a minute
they beat me in pond beach
yeah i mean you don't care because it's not even your
not even in that market plus i was non-most of the summer book it was
george so that's that's quite the accomplishment beaten by george by one
point in their market that's pretty heavy duty
they beat you by a lot of the time press that chronic radio of fact that's
always fact that you'll listen inside crap who thinks those guys are got on
wheels you know
all their awful that's why i listen to you through the static my friend
thank you for your work
i say take them off and put us on up there
i would love that matter fact i'm the one to start at rumors that the lady
the fact you left will keep it up
all right you start off rumors sooner later they come true
i'm hoping i heard mostly when have a great day pal
i just started a room right now we don't want motley we've been fact if we
have more ever left we would have like a human punch in bag around here
everybody in the building enjoys that a lot
thought personal more yet is
so look at all these godfather actors who died sterling haiden mccluskey
member mccluskey
stand up straight
john kazell he was frito
all i forgot he died he died from brain cancer
i'm smart now i get you but he says
dumb i'm smart i want to respect
and he's flops back in the chair
and michael says i don't ever want to see you when you visit our mother i want
seven years advance notice
i don't want to be with you i don't want to know about you i don't want to know
from you
frito you broke my heart then he goes and tells al nirre
i don't want anything to happen to him while our mother is still alive
michael gatzel
how you say that katsu michael gatzel who for a frecki pentangely all that say i
loved him he was one of my favorite people in the whole movie
franky michael corleone said this and michael corleone did that's the i sure
sure i just made it all up as all lies
that was great with the city next to his brother yeah it was between the brothers
k
his brother with that look on his face with that
funky cap you know
but you care to identify this gentleman over
that what that that was just great i'll tell anybody done like godfather
that's our message to you okay you get the q a m raspberry
what what what is that
heather from fox news
heather
i need all can you hang on a minute
yeah short because i got to do my break and i don't want to cut you short
okay somebody already did that to me at birth
hang on heather okay that was a joke you hear a laugh now
boss fox they have no sense humor
ten twenty seven at five sixty double what do you have to buy with a little joke
somebody come you should hey believe me
hey if you've been cut short on top you know when you go to the barbersay little
off the top if somebody got carried away in the lot off the top
if you're bald as a walking bowling ball
get your hair back from chuck alphie area who's been helping the famous and not
so famous look their best for over twenty five years with a sensational great
looking
natural hairline system and boy lately we've been talking a lot about bad hair
pieces
because there's so many of my three who's on with what's the blitzkrieg yesterday
in my channel surfing who sand Donaldson
he's got a new gray piece that kind of like sits off the one side
i mean get serious some of you silly people
air and brown makes him look good
anyway pick up the phone call Charles alphie
one eight hundred three to one twenty four thirteen
and if you mention the aridges on a two hundred bucks off the regular
price that's right Charles alphie also services and repairs all kinds of hair
systems while you wait for only twenty five to thirty bucks and like i keep telling
you guys you're gonna look better when younger than you ever thought because
this is a natural here like this is a little bit of your skill instead of some
silly piece like we're just passing around in here which was a very was a joke
so if you want people laughing at you go someplace else if you want to look great
called Charlie one eight hundred three to one twenty four thirteen or log
onto their website Charles alphie or he dot com
you know
we're supporting you five six
two a half
to the more on our at nine o'clock you'll hear more thank you thanks moh
okay here's a Heather from Fox News
I need all how are you i'm okay i think
thanks for taking her call we've been trying to reach you for the past couple
days
trying to reach me you've called people i haven't been invented yet you called
dead relatives of mine what's the story Heather
we're working on the story about uh... the city here promoting on your website
yeah called kissa i won't say it and word good morning
Heather are you listening to the show
i guess i am i've been listening to a couple days and just you know you know
that you did you hear me go through the entire uh... rationale what that that
song had nothing to do with kandaleza rice
what about the song kandaleza kandaleza that has that well that's obviously
about kandaleza
uh... and i want to know why you're why you're playing this on your show
i see i'd like to know why you know this is really interesting
why are you calling me asking me why should play this we make we have some
periods about bill clinton dozens of them nobody ever complained about that
we have some parodies about al Gore dozens of them nobody ever complained about
those about american folks up in here in new york were pretty offended by it
well you know what what let me say this to you caret we're not in new york
uh... okay we don't broadcast in new york were on wqm in my army and and the fact
of the matter is that i'm not except for people like you and the people at the
that right wing newsmax dot com will want to make a big simmiss about this
if or for that they wouldn't even be aware that we exist
me over some uh... this organization that uh...
offended by it as a national organization but but the fact of the fact of the
matter is we've been playing these songs for many many many months we've never
had one single complaint and when interlopers like you from outside like from
fox news or from some right wing website want to tell us what i mean for you to
ask me how come you're playing that because we want to play it
okay me what what's the value of it what is it what is it
what do you do for you it's called it's called comedy that's what it's called you have a sense of
humor do you think it's funny to call uh... they call connoisseur right in in a
in a in a in a in a dig in a dig while heri belafonte called her the house negro case we'll
call her whatever we want but this is a little bit different i mean it's not the issue
it's not the least bit different she is the house negro so you people at fox made out
understand this not everybody in the world is the right wing or like rupor murdoch
there actually are those of us who are progressive or moderate liberal whatever we are
who also have the right to speak to express whatever held we want
so it's a what repeat again what you just said for me there you think she is a what
she's the house negro uh-huh
and you don't find anything wrong with that
well what do you mean wrong with that it's a fact that's my opinion in my title my opinion
your your title your opinion and that's basically that's basically what heri belafonte said
as well and so obviously this is why nobody returned your calls
uh-heather or whatever your name is because we knew that you were trying to stir up a bunch of
crap and take something out of context when i asked you did you listen did you listen
you're not doing that we're not doing the belafonte it's my show and i'm not going to have
you scream over me you're trying to outtalk me okay it's not going to work okay uh you know i
asked you in the beginning of the conversation which i was very calm and i asked you did you hear
me explain the origin of that song the rest of the two songs the fact of the matter is and i don't
i'm sure he must have been on your channel randall kennedy the black author who wrote the book
nigger this range career of a troublesome word not that i'm aware of while he was certainly on c
and he was on msnbc maybe he wasn't on fox because he wasn't i don't know maybe just didn't
weren't aware of it okay we all have questions are you are you aware of that book you portray
yourself to be the sort of liberal voice but yet you're maim i don't portray i don't put labels on
me i'm i'm for example okay what would you call yourself a human being you see you people
on fox it's this old liberal and a conservative that stuff went out with high-button shoes okay
i'm a thinking living and bringing you living in a decent condition with why do i have to add
Miami florida answered to some assholes in new york on fox news how i do my show what is it your
business there are a lot of people who can there are people in Miami they care about this too who are
they you're calling are they name me one person Miami who's concerned about it both we know
down there certainly and i've made me one too look name me one it's offensive
maybe one me one of the very high i don't have a god what you say we don't we don't like
condolence okay have a nice day okay we're calling her whatever we feel like honor she's a
public god damn figure and blow it out your right wing ass and you and bill and by the way
with your fucking yellow teeth so far apart
condolence okay what you be doing
get the old fascist like that token schmutz of thought
yeah
is you deflect and водon
oo
ve
junior
ja
But then he make you clean all the White House bathrooms.
Look up the scene to the toilet and then scrub the floor.
They gel you, go with sandals, godly snow.
Your cold chiptowels make them wanna wretch in view.
Your napilaga, look you slide, it's velcro.
It's your pee, what you poopies, that poop is no.
One day while you pee, sniffing pancakes, you can realize that they're treating you just like you're esterone.
That's when your head will move from side to side, from the leelo.
It's a bush and from it they be cracker at home.
Just unbelievable 22 to 11, I'm so glad we took that call from Heather.
And what did I tell you?
Haven't I been saying that?
Which is why we didn't want to return those calls for a day.
This broad has been calling everybody except my mother.
If she had that number, she'd call that one too.
For like days and days, what business is it of you fascists that Fox News
to be telling us what to be playing on your mime or any other place, even in New York for that matter?
Do you also call up Howard Stern and tell him what the hell to say on the year?
And everybody else in I'mus?
Everybody else on here in New York?
What the hell is it your business in addition to which all this business about balanced and fair?
Like I said, all fascism all day, unbalanced on fair, all spin.
She's giving me this impassioned defense of condolence.
If you like condolence or rice, great.
I have no respect for her.
She can be one of the most educated bitches on the face of the earth.
But the fact of the matter is, look at all the articles I've read about her.
The Chevron, the Chevron queen, the big oil queen, just like all the other people in this administration.
See, I hate to break the news to you, Heather.
But this is still the U.S. of A.
I realize that you and your ilk would like to eliminate all future elections and just have a right-wing kingdom.
None of us want to live in it.
Most of us don't want to live in that kind of country, okay?
And she must be a disciple of Villa Spinano Raleigh.
Don't confuse me with the facts.
There's a lot of people down here who are upset about it.
Well, name me one.
Oh, baby, baby.
Name me one.
Name me one.
Couldn't do it.
She's filibustering.
And then before we know she hears the dial tone.
I'm amazed I left her on that long to be honest with you.
She's giving me a lecture on what I'm going to do on the New Yorker show.
And people in New York are upset about it.
How the hell do people in New York know about it?
We have people in New York who listen to God damn website.
Have we ever had anybody complain about it?
No.
No.
Not one.
Not one.
You see, I hate to break the news to you,
but it's still legal not to like Condoleezza or the president or even John Ascroft.
All right, this is G Gordon Liddy.
And they don't come anywhere.
First, then Neil Rogers.
That was classic, baby.
That was just exactly what I thought it would be.
Like I said, she starts out real sweet and friendly.
And then she gives me like a grilling like I'm on a witness stand here interrogating me.
We don't have to answer to you.
And we don't have to like Condoleezza or George W. Bush or Al Gore or Julie Berman or anybody else.
It's a radio show and also it's a comedy show.
It's like 35% to the content and 65% last.
That's what it is.
And she's giving me a lecture from New York.
She's giving me a song and a dance about what we should be doing on the air.
And a lot of people are upset.
Well, I got news for her, honey.
We're upset.
Rob said that you've got the goddamn gollal husband to be calling here at QAM and telling us what we ought to be able to do on here.
And talk about a sense of humor.
Can't complain about her is she don't have one.
You find that funny?
She reminds me that the Joe Pesci thing.
You think that's F and funny?
Yeah, that's what reminds me of.
Does that amuse use?
Yeah, amuse is us.
We think it's hysterical, okay?
Everybody else thinks it's pretty goddamn funny.
I just asked our program director if we had one complaint from anybody about Condoleezza.
No.
No, not one.
Not a whisper.
Not a wiper.
Not a whisper.
Not anybody.
The Chevron Queen is not one of my favorite people, okay?
And she's just a subject being a public figure, a very public figure, to be made fun of having parody sung about her as Bill Clinton.
We never had a call from Fox about Bill cigar and Monica's vagina or the other 8,000 Bill Clinton songs we played.
Around Goll, a gore with a coal miners, which I think is hysterical.
See, we got a sense of humor about all of it.
We're not just political ideologues.
And then what she starts giving me, well, where are you?
You're supposed to be liberal.
No, I'm not.
I'm supposed to be neo-rogers.
I don't like take opinions out of like a book somewhere off a file card.
Well, it's the I'm liberal.
So what do I think about this?
I'm for a capital punishment in this country because it's a barbaric place.
Does that make me liberal?
No.
I'm for strong immigration of controls.
Does that make me liberal hardly?
Puts me right in league with Papu Cannon.
I'm for what makes sense.
But you people at Fox don't understand that with all your contrived, anity and co-ums and they're right against the left.
See, you put a few token, so-called lefties on air, softball people to be tokens.
To be on air with all your right wing fanatics and that's your idea of a goddamn network.
Okay, Rupert Murdoch ain't fooling anybody with a brain.
Anybody.
A bunch of silly housewives over the age of 60, they're sitting there watching,
they're glued with their transfixed, the leftover ditto heads.
The people that can't find rush.
Oh, man, that was one of the most astonishing things.
I mean, I figured I knew where they were coming from, but just so psychotic about it,
as if to say, how can you be saying these things?
You think it's funny?
Yes.
Yes, because I have a sense of humor.
We got all kinds of parody songs about me.
Don't bother me.
Lighten up a little bit, honey.
You live a lot longer that way.
You'll be a lot happier in life.
But what did I tell you about Fox?
They just, you know, we've had other people come out of the closet, including me on this show.
We just had Fox come out of the closet, right here on the Neil Rogers show.
Any pretense that they're trying to give to you about fair and objective and balance?
I mean, you have to laugh at that at such a joke.
The right wing, the fascist news network, that's exactly what Fox is all about.
Make no mistake about it.
And like I said, or if Harry Vellafondik and Horrola House Negro,
what's wrong with somebody doing a song parody that basically is saying the same thing?
And a business about her and Chevron, we didn't just make that up.
It's true.
She's one of the oil queens.
Just like you got the oil kings in there, the kings and the queens,
the harkin oil people and the halibut and people, and it's what it's all about.
And you see, this should be a good lesson to those of you people out there
who don't understand what's happening in this country, the chilling of free speech,
just like we took the thing off the website.
Thanks to people like her and others who now make death threats.
Thanks a lot, Heather.
Thanks so much.
Well, the people in New York are upset.
How can they be upset? They don't hear it! They don't hear it!
And I got news for you.
Last time I checked, Al Gore won New York State and New York City by millions and millions of votes.
Okay?
And the dark folks up there in New York just like the ones down here,
they didn't vote for Condoleezza or her mentor. Very few of them.
And they're not going to vote for his brother this time either on Tuesday.
So you can keep rambling and carrying out the...
Her conversation was like something, like from a mental institution, really.
She reminds me of those right wing conspiratorial, I'm surprised she didn't bring up the builder burgers
in the Trail Adderable Commission. That'll be next.
Hey, listen Heather, call me once a week.
Okay, we'll make a regular feature on the show.
And you can continue trying to get on your soapbox and...
...and f**k up, filibuster, f**k up, f**k up, f**k up, f**k up, f**k up, and not answer any questions.
And I'll cut you off. It'll be great every week.
Get a 90-sure. We'll promote it in the newspapers. We'll put up billboards.
You're trying to do a story because you don't like the politics of it,
not because you don't like the words, not that you give a crap about...
...about dark folks. You've got a couple of darkies on your channel too, but not very many.
Not too many.
And let me say it again that this business about this immigration policy with the Haitians,
the Bush people just made it up and they're not going to tell anybody why or when or how...
...it's just they're just doing it.
Just the way it is, as they say in the Irish, as they y'all. Just like this.
Here's a four-letter deal. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You are one of the greatest debaters in the history of the world.
Well, that was like debating a dead frog. I mean, I was piece of cake.
She has yet nothing to say.
You destroy it. I mean, what does New York have to do with here?
Yeah, and I asked her, well, give me some names of people down here who are upset because we're out here and from...
...can't give me one name.
Can't even make up a name. She could have said like John Williams, you know. She couldn't make up a name.
You know what you're reminding me of, like, sometimes I think they did an Austin Powers thing
and one person didn't like the language of the toy and the store removed the toy because one person complained.
Yeah.
But the reason I call was the Haitian thing. Did you watch it on the news?
Those people dancing around?
Yes, I did. You mean it at the INS building?
Yes, I thought it was...
They were just dancing around. They were like throwing themselves on the ground. They were some of the more psychotic.
I thought it was a sequel to the exorcist or something.
It was pretty around.
Oh, you're going to get Heather up, sitting out of there.
Oh, no.
And not only that, but you're laughing at the same time.
Oh, okay. Don't be laughing because that means I think it's funny, okay?
One quick question. You know, my opinion is because it really wasn't on your poll.
But I have no problem with the people coming in, but why do they have to stay in South Florida?
We're so overcrowded. There's millions of places where they can go around this country
to get a job and earn a living and be a good, productive person.
Yeah. It's just too darn crowded down here.
Not just down here. We just have too many people all over the country are unemployed.
We got too many economic problems. And we just can't...
You have to have controlled immigration. You can't just let people...
This whitefoot, dryfoot insanity that they started with Cubans...
It doesn't make any sense. You can't do that.
This country, I mean, can we help Haiti a little bit?
I mean, it's a really terrible effort.
We're not helping the people there. What we did was help...
You know, they're corrupt...
Yeah, irusty. We put the former priest. We put him in here again.
So we can prop him up and, you know, control him.
We do it all over the world. Then we have to suffer the consequences.
Well, Neil, keep up those debating skills. You're the greatest.
Have a great day.
Here's the facts from Richard and Carl Sprinkz.
I'm simply amazed at the phone call you took this morning from the alleged reporter at Fox News.
One more time, it's a proven fact that the administration is supported by Neo Nazi-Fascist pigs
who try to impose their own views on life and others in this world.
This is a free world and a partial comedy show for Mung's sake.
Question, who the hell are people to decide what you do and do not discuss on your show?
I never cease to be amazed that people out there bitch mongroin about the content of your show
but continue to listen every day.
I mean, the idea that some... I'm just interjecting my own comment here.
The idea that somebody is calling me from Fox in New York to give me a lecture
about what I'm doing here on this show?
You must have a lot of time on your hands, honey, like I said,
with all the stuff about the sniper who's going to try him, who's going to do this
and the election coming up on Tuesday at all these murders
and here's a Sodom on my screen again on CNN.
And when I asked her about the black author, the black professor that wrote that book,
which was called, what the hell was the name of it again?
I got to hear some words here.
I try to get my facts in front of me so I know what I'm talking about.
I like the people on your channel who just talking glittering generalities
always throw out a bunch of statistics, which are wrong, Randall Kennedy,
Nigger, the strange career of a troublesome word.
And that was his whole point.
That was his whole point.
Would you not understand, honey, because you got no sense of humor
and that whole rap about, well, where are you?
You're supposed to be a liberal.
That's the whole thing, her and her and her, and your Sullivan are trying to point out.
Oh, here's a guy who claims to be a liberal, but he's making all these racist remarks.
I'm racist only in the fact that I feel very, very sad that so many black people
in this country are uneducated and that we've made it socially acceptable for,
so we can laugh at black people to be, acts me a question,
all this other crap to be talking in bubonics, that's how I'm racist.
Not because I don't like black people or because black people are inferior.
In fact, I got news for a Heather.
We know plenty of black people are a lot more educated than you are,
and probably could do a hell of a lot better debate.
And not a single lot of them, by the way, is called the complaint about Condra Lietha
or about the restitution song.
Kissed a darky good morning.
Oh, I'm sorry, did I say the inward?
Anyway, it goes on to say Richard Dick.
He says, obviously, people that have no lives, nothing to do with their lives.
Life needs a daily dose of uncle Dino McDermott, a pathetic, pedantic lives,
meaningful, if only for a few hours a day.
Please, I implore you to not take phone calls from people any longer on your show.
Those of us who are educated have a sense of the world around us.
Followed the world as it advances the unfold, and more importantly,
enjoy your brand of programming.
Cannot be subjected to the uneducated, foolish, typical Mami-style fashions
that call into your show.
Frankly, people who have nothing to say, this should be never allowed on your program.
When you return to the form where you're programming and screw Tom Zick or his comments,
we the educated of the world will be most gratified.
Keep up the great daily rant.
Dick and Carl Springs.
Thank you, Dick.
Always like Dick.
Oh, by the way, I want to discuss that with Heather.
Should take that out of context too.
Or in context.
Hey, screw you, Heather. That's my comment to you.
I'll be right back.
I mean, just stop and think about what she's saying.
This is a woman who's calling from a major supposed news network.
And she's telling a broadcaster on the air in this country.
I've been on the air for like 26 years in this market.
She's calling to give me instructions on how I should feel about condolese.
Okay?
Squope condolese.
That's what I say.
Screw John Ashcroft and all these goddamn neo-fascist.
Okay? Screw them all.
I'm not going to go step to make you happy.
And all your damn fascist over there at Rupert Murdock, alleged news, make believe news.
Make a big story about it, honey.
Make a big fat story about it.
Give us $50 million worth of publicity.
Who gives a crap?
And like I said, you must really be desperate running out of material.
And of course, if I was like Mr. O'Reilly, Mr. Hotchut,
and I'd even shrop into goddamn rating book, not even a point one.
Not a point one.
Laura Ass has got an 8.2 in them and a month of September, this Bill O'Reilly show.
Does he have any number?
No, he's got a number already.
A big O, he's the big O.
He's got the same number as Norma Kent.
How do you like that?
If I had the same number on the air as Norma Kent, I would tell me I don't belong on the air.
That's what it would tell me.
Go out, out, out, out, out, if she's just...
Crazy person.
Heather, you're a crazy person and have a nice day.
Anti-Wellstone mailing featured RIP Tombstone, yet they held it up last night on Crossfire.
A piece of literature attacking Senator Paul Wellstone's support of the estate tax featured a large Tombstone
and letters RIP was mass-made last week by a lobby group for small businesses.
The double-sided mailing from the National Federation of Independent Business Carries
and Eurylustration of a tilted Tombstone beside an open burial vault illuminated by a full moon.
On the flip side, the mailing urges recipients to tell Paul Wellstone his votes are killing you.
The copy also says, Paul Wellstone's taxes can even reach you in the grave.
The other held it up like I said on Crossfire last night.
James Carveller was out of control last night and I realized he was like a borderline illiterate.
Now, you know how they put up quotes and he was reading it?
I forget what the word was.
He... he not the brightest guy.
I mean, he's gray on the air.
He's a wild man last night.
Just ripping at little, I almost ripped a vote tie off that Indian.
That Tucker rhymes with Schmucker.
Ah, okay, now I'll tell you what Heather, what we're gonna do is you and your...
Rubber Murdoch, Bill, don't confuse me with the facts or a riley to spin myster.
All you idiots up there, make a list of what we can do on a show and mail it to us, okay?
Maybe email it to us.
So we know what we can do and the do's and don'ts.
Line and local, here's Sports Radio 560, S.U.A.M.
Holy Makin'ah, this is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs,
and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God.
Nihihih grow,
Bullin' foul is the mess as he grows.
Yes. Nihihih grow,
Bullin' foul be a right wing swore,
Shining the shoes of white man bush.
Bullin' foul is the mess as he grows.
Bred's his cheeks to his, his toosh.
Bullin' foul is the mess as he grows.
Stepping in fetchin' at the whim of his white man's urine.
Owl is the mess as he grows.
Takes us to the needs of the globalist fractures.
Bullin' foul is the mess as he grows.
And a croutot some survey uncool.
Bullin' foul is the mess as he grows.
A twisty, black-stained, bootlit spook.
Bullin' foul is the mess as he grows.
Yo, callin' big, callin' big, callin' big, callin' big,
a slave Nihihih grow.
Bullin' foul is the mess as he grows.
Lovin' a 1 to 5 60, there you go,
there's another one for ya.
We don't like co-impala all that much.
He's okay, he's fair.
We like him better than kind of leader,
because he would never in the oiledliness.
He's more like a ne...
I don't want to say monkey business, that would be bad.
Here's that crazy woman that left me that videotape.
Yes, I did get your tape on, he's gonna write in the circular file.
Maybe it'll be good for a blank tape, you know.
Always can use another blank videotape.
Right wing hysteria.
I look up the website that I don't even want to go into it.
Here's Joe who faxed and says,
I'm a conservative except on religious issues,
because there is no God.
There is only...
Ew, God.
Right Joe, and your views don't offend me.
I'm embarrassed to be Republican when people like Heather and Russia are the voice of my party.
I disagree with the Democrats on most things except abortion.
However, they have a right to their opinions just like I do.
What a concept, Joe!
Thank you for continuing to voice your SPS.
I'd like to kiss...
Uh...
What?
What does that say?
Beyond the Nose.
Who knows, Beyonce Nose?
I don't have any idea who they're.
Well, thank God that Miguel had punk Miguel is in here,
because I have no...
I know Destiny's tab, but I just don't know the names.
I'd like to kiss Beyonce Nose good morning after having sex with her all night, says Joe.
Well, there you go, Joe.
Good hold no politics against her.
Hold something against her if you could find it.
So there's a good conservative guy who says,
Hey, guess what? You guys can say whatever you want.
How do you like that?
Talk about a chilling moment, you know.
Oh, look at that, there's Jeff.
But, well, if the price tag is $27 billion for this,
and all of our tax...
Chad was really julienned and they're pulling out all the big guns now
because he's desperate.
Because he got cornered by Carrie not so meek yesterday.
She said, hey, call up your brother.
Oh, yeah, well, but a bit...
But a bit about, yeah, we're at a likely story.
Hey, we can call up your brother and fight out when that policy started.
Of detaining, uh, Haitians, uh,
of incarcerating them and detaining them indefinitely.
Unlike Swedes and Dominicans and Nicaraguaans and everybody else who comes in.
And we just, you know, we give them a health screening test.
We give them a little bit of water, clean them up a little bit.
And then we find where they're going to stay.
You know, where there are lives with friends, whatever.
And then we give them their asylum hearings, and then we send them home.
If they can't prove that they're political refugees.
What's that?
Oh, that's her?
Eh, I don't know.
I don't know.
She's got small boobs.
And, well, maybe she, I don't know.
It's hard to say from that angle.
Oh, big ass.
You got a big ass.
You got a big ass.
Oh, I shouldn't say the girl, because the spics like big ass.
Because then Heather get upset again.
And I know she did say, cool in that bit, see?
We should have put that on our list today.
See, we got a sense of humor on this show, Heather.
And if you really had been listening, you'll notice that our poll question,
which you probably can go on there and cast your own vote.
Although, you're a little bit too goody too, shoes to see those words.
We don't want to offend you.
Which of these words did you find the most offensive?
None of the above.
They're just words.
62.2% of this.
Very enlightened audience say that of all persuasions.
241 out of 387 say, none of these words are offensive.
Nigger 101, kite 21, faggot 14, stick five and walk five.
You just can't grow up.
Can you people at Fog?
Oh, well, where are you coming from?
I'm coming right from Miami, right from North aid.
Right here in my chair, right with my fat ass in this beautiful, comfortable chair.
Warren and Boca points out, isn't it an oxy moron to call themselves Fox News?
Absolutely correct.
Good point, Warren.
And then here's a list of insunerized.
This is, I bet my cripple ass debt and I'm not going to read the name.
Somebody's got a name in here.
Set the Fox assholes on you.
New York question mark as a payback and even give me your home numbers so they can call you at all hours.
Don't get paranoid now, Lister and Sumerized.
You may have a point, but who knows?
Until we had the evidence.
Here's what it says that was priceless.
Please put that conversation on a CD.
Cheryl, oh, thank you, Cheryl.
She said it was priceless.
100 bucks for you, honey.
Here's what it says.
Yes, F.
FAUX Fox News.
And Happy Birthday.
It also says, thank you.
Yeah, Heather, they even wish me Happy Birthday in the middle of her diet drive.
Well, screw you, honey.
Called us a highly rated important show.
You know what they're upset about?
You know what they're trying to do?
Now I understand.
If finally, you know, I'm a little bit slow.
You know what they're trying to do?
What?
They're trying to stir a big thing with me so that they can whip it up on a riley.
So we can get some little people tuning into him.
He's going to start a radio war.
It's kind of hard to start a radio war, Bill, when you don't have any audience.
That's probably why they're doing it.
And when you're on a station, it's got like eight watts with the tower that's sticking about four feet up in the air, like the light bulb.
That's why we called it the light bulb.
Okay, now it's not even...
Now the signal's so weak, it's not even the light bulb.
It's like a burnout light bulb.
That's what they're looking to do.
And I knew there had to be more to it than this, see?
Because he's making no impact in this market whatsoever.
And Russia's getting bigger and bigger number.
Hey, honey, you can tell Bill for us.
He ain't no rush.
He ain't no rush.
Rush could squash him with one cheek.
He would flip him off like the side of his forehead like a net.
Like those lights that are running around him at Gelshead.
That's what that's it.
He said he caught a light, or something.
A bedbugs from you from putting that wig on.
56670560.566.
I guess we've been putting our place, right?
You betcha.
We've been putting our place.
You better not be picking on those, the administration, okay?
Because now you're un-American.
And we hear you.
We thought you were pretend to be a liberal.
I'm just pretending to be me, okay?
Just a guy.
They pay me to give my opinions.
Not liberal opinions.
Not conservative opinions.
Not reactionary opinions.
Not communist opinions.
Just need a Roger's opinions, okay?
If you're too stupid to understand that, Heather,
well, maybe I'll draw you a diaphragm.
Maybe we'll explain it to you.
And you know what?
You can put a story on it, it's gonna last an hour and a half on there.
And it's still like going to get a million numbers in this market.
He's still gonna have a big fat.
Zero.
Desperate.
WQAM.
Uncle Neo.
Yes, sir.
Hey, it's Phil the monkey man.
How you doing?
Okay.
Hey, that phone call was sensational.
I was squeezing it the whole time.
We're in.
She was just...
I think she was squeezing hers too, if you ask me.
She was unbelievable.
Anyways, I got a few things for you.
First off, I love the restitution song.
I crank it up as loud as I can every time I hear it.
Do not cut it from the CD, Neo.
Let it stay on there and be passed around millions of copies.
You know something, I'm not even getting involved in that CD.
I have one on my hand right now in the CD too.
I'm not getting involved because I'm so disgusted with the way the whole thing has been dishandled.
And nobody would listen to me.
I know where she was coming from.
I've been around a block a few times.
And I try to tell these people, just pay no attention to her.
Don't return to calls.
Don't speak to her.
And I'm glad I put her on here so we could bring her out of her fashion closet.
Me too, I'm glad you let her talk and make an asset herself.
But seriously, leave it on the CD, I think.
I definitely want to copy.
Number two, as far as the poll, they are just words.
And I got a quick story for you.
Another train monkey.
Oh yeah.
I was up in Naples doing a gig with the monkeys a few months ago.
And anyways, this big redneck and this big pickup truck cuts me off.
So I go around them, right?
And he got pissed off, I guess, and he screams out, you faggot?
Anyways, that didn't bother me to show the ignorance.
Yeah, that's that.
Well, I would flip my monkey at him if I were you.
Oh, I didn't have them with me at the time.
They were at the hotel, but yeah.
Well, I'll strap one on.
Anyways, one more thing.
We had a big black one here, Volonia.
Yeah.
Nice.
Hey, um...
Oh, I shouldn't have said that, a big black one.
Now, I have a big upset again.
It's just a rubber thing.
Okay, it's a rubber instrument.
Maybe if you could use it a while, you might loosen up your editor a little bit.
Mm-hmm.
Loosen up something.
Definitely.
Neil, you're wonderful.
Do you have any idea if Boca is going to have any CDs tonight?
Oh, yeah, he is going to have a treasure island.
Maybe you can pick one up there, maybe he'll bring you a bootleg.
That'd be great.
A bootleg, come on.
That'd be great.
Have a great day.
Alright, Neil, bye.
Yeah, see, he's going to bring something funny.
He should mention it.
He's going to bring him my bootleg one.
You know, I'm almost tempted to play that again.
And I will.
Here's the fact that it says, give him hell, Neil.
This is our banana republic that effin bitch.
Right on, baby.
Right on.
Some outsider from some fascist network in New York calling up a, I mean, this is amazing.
So like I said, I finally, I'm a little slow, finally see through it.
Just desperately tried to like goose up some numbers in this market.
Ain't going to happen.
Ain't going to happen.
I'm going to tell you the right wingers between noon and two.
And yes, I'm on for one of those hours and mad dogs on it from one to two.
We're still doing just fine here.
But the right wingers, the people I want to hear that particular rap, that particular stuff.
They're tuned into rush.
Okay.
They don't need a little league rush when they got the real rush.
Okay.
And then the rest of us over here were like, we're sniffin' rush.
Right out of the bottle.
Masty smell and stuff.
Oh, it's speaking of rap.
You saw the stir rapper, Jam Master J of Rundee MC shot and killed.
Now the great gun story.
Why do you've gun nuts out there?
You're gun squeezers.
Very sad.
Jam Master J, part of the pioneering rap trio, Rundee MC was shot and killed yesterday.
The group's publicist said.
Publicist Tracey Miller confirmed that after the 37-year-old rapper's real name was Jason Maisel,
a legal source who spoke of course as everybody does on condition of anonymity,
said the rapper was shot on the head at the recording studio in New York City, Burrow Queens.
A second person was shot in the ankle and the shooter was at large source said,
Rundee MC is widely credited with helping bring hip hop and music's mainstream,
including the group's smash collaboration with Aerosmith in the 80s standard walk this way.
And why they credited with bringing a resurrecting Aerosmith's career, I should point out.
How do you like that?
So they couldn't have been all bad.
In fact, I remember when Howard used to be funny, I'm not talking about our hard sperm.
He had them on his guest one day.
I think it was one of the first times anybody ever sent me some old Howard sperm tapes back in the mid 80s.
One of the funniest shows I ever heard in my life, just unbelievable.
And some chick calls in and wants to know who's got the biggest shlong in the group.
And Howard says, now we're talking, now we're getting out of there.
Yeah, now we're talking.
We're talking about getting some good calls.
I think he had a point.
It was an old man of things to come.
I think he got a call of power, honey, and ask him how come he's saying the thing.
How come all that dyke talk on here, there, huh?
Unless all you right wingers out there, unless you love dykes, too, could be.
11 after 11 at 560 WQA.
Let me tell you, if you're not getting a good night's sleep, life isn't worth a crap.
Your back doesn't feel good.
You feel like hell.
That's why you got to call our good buddies, your daughter mattress.
Look at the way Miguel is walking around.
I would have been very smile on his face.
It might have something new with the fact he's getting laid a lot.
But I think, well, of course, it also has something to do with that mattress, because he's not sliding off and falling on the floor the most inappropriate times any more.
Dallama actress carries only the best brands in a business they got.
C. Lee, Sirota Simmons, King Coil, in every size and every comfort level, which means the mattress you'll be looking for is in stock available for immediate delivery.
Recently they set up the lovely Miguel with that new bed of his and his loving it.
They showed up on time.
They took away the crappy old bedding, set up the new mattress and believed me this and everything they would.
And they'll do the same for you.
And don't forget today is the last day since it's October 31 to get a free Dallama actress delivery.
That's right.
Delivery or no charge for delivery part when you call today.
So call him right now.
They'll be there with a couple of hours or any two hour window that's convenient for you when you're going to be home.
I know that's almost unheard of, but they deliver what they say.
Call Dallama actress like me and Miguel and you'll be sleeping with a big smile on that federal push.
1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATR-T-R-E-S for Dallama actress.
Brand name beds for busy people.
My name is Michael.
This is 420560.
UA-M.
How are you, Steven and Steve Goldie Goldstein?
Wednesday morning, 6-9 on 420560.
Oh, UA-M.
What's all this happening there?
Did you hear that?
That must be an omen.
Yeah, kid, baby.
I think God is punishing us, her servant.
Thank you, God.
In America said, hell of a chicken.
Get your finger on it, honey.
Kandoleezza, Kandoleezza, Kibranmuri.
How is your fucking yellow teeth so far apart?
Kandoleezza, Kandoleezza, what you be doing?
Get new fascists like that token schmarts the dog.
Is you day because you are actin' boom, li-b-le-boom?
Is you deflected and jammed, amir?
Who'll be smart?
Does they like how you shine their shoes under the floor?
All the way you watch and talk the white is cause.
George it's union, say he trust you, can't believe you.
Who's there to allies under greedy oil alone?
But then he make you clean all the white house bathrooms.
The cup, the thing, the toilet, and then scrub the floor.
They tell you, don't wear sandals, can't believe you.
Your cold-chipped old-el makes them wanna wretch at you.
Your mappin' lega look just like it's beveled through.
If you'll be what you can be, their token schmarts.
One day while you be flippin' in that gait you may realize
That's a dream in you just like your esteroles.
That's when your head will move from side to side from the lino.
It's your push and rummage, they be crackin' assholes.
Yeah, 1117 and 560 W.C.
I listen to that again very carefully, I enjoy it.
I find anything offensive about it, I think I find anything out of line about it.
We just don't like Katarito, okay, she ain't foolin' us.
And then she goes into this impassioned song and ends up like,
Oh, she's hardly educated, like I have to agree with her,
she's screaming and shouting on my radio show.
Like I have to agree with her, like she's gonna convince me, see?
Like I'm gonna come out around who a right wing view of life.
Well guess what sweetheart, that is never gonna happen.
So it's only one of two things.
Either you're as dumb as I think you are based on that call or number two I was right.
That somebody on your network is desperate to try to get a number in this market
and it gonna happen.
See it didn't work when they tried to get me to put him on the show
or they invited me to be on his show, so I could be like fodder for his crap.
So now the new deal is, well let's invade the show, let's find some rescues.
And of course it's certainly possible that somebody you know
fed him a little material to grist for the meal, you see what I'm saying?
Sure.
I don't want to mention no names.
Here's a Darren who says I'm a loyal listener since the doctor done days.
My lips are not blue, but I never call.
I was thrilled to hear your response to the Fox News bitch.
Thank you Darren.
Can you please replay the exchange tomorrow so we can record it?
Also my husband wants to hear it.
We love you, your show and your age, ostibly.
Ostibly, put scenes.
We'll think about it.
We could play it tomorrow.
Can we?
Yep.
It's on there.
In fact maybe we'll just play it all day.
I'll take the day off.
Eddie Gonzalo, this is an interesting facts, okay?
It says, hey, NELI strongly must disagree Fox is probably the most reliable news station on cable.
Better than CNN anyway, but President Bush is the rightful leader and Governor Bush will be
elected on Tuesday.
I love your parodies spelled P-A-R-I-T-I-E-S.
I love your parodies.
I see nothing wrong with making fun of those in public office.
Love your show Uncle Neil.
PS Republicans will rule the day on Tuesday.
Eddie and Homestead.
Well there you go Eddie.
So there's a good Republican for you, but he's got a sense of humor.
Don't bother him none.
Here's some more stuff about today on solicited calls.
Man, oh man, I opened up a Pandora's Box.
Here's another one from Michelle's says, by the way, if that bitch from Fox News, what the hell does she know about what goes on in this hellhole?
That's right.
We got enough problems already down here without you calling us giving us dictates from New York.
Okay, all you imperious New Yorkers up there that think your stuff don't stink.
We already got one New Yorker down here.
Think this stuff don't stink and believe me.
Oh, you don't want to know.
Let's see if that was wig.
Good old Heather from Fox News.
566705, 6416 votes on the pool.
Which of these words do you think is the most offensive?
I think the word that I found offensive with Heather was like, hello.
That was that was that was that it went downhill right from there.
None of the above are just words 256, 61 and a half percent.
Nigger 112.
Oh, he didn't say the end word didn't he?
And the best part of it is just like the other people on that channel.
Do you know the book?
Nigger the strange career of a troublesome word by Randall Kennedy deal the background of how this whole thing can.
I know.
I know.
We didn't have them on.
Of course, you probably know.
In fact, you know something if she'd look it up, I'm sure they had them on.
I'll guarantee you.
He was on every talking head news and show because it was a highly controversial book.
But she don't get it.
She doesn't want to get it.
Kike 22.
Oh, sorry.
Faggot 14.
Spix 7 and Wap 5.
How about grease ball?
There you go.
Huh?
I mean, there's so many words we could have put on there, but I mean, what's the point?
It's time to get it on.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
That whole exchange reaffirms the Neil God.
I can't believe.
I find it very hard to believe that a very young, obviously very impressionable white boy.
A white girl calls as a spokesperson for the dark side up in New York.
How I write it.
Wait a minute, though.
See, you're assuming something.
I want you to keep one thing in mind.
She never said that she represented the dark side.
She wasn't upset so much about the racial aspect of it, at least from what I'm gathering.
She was upset because I was picking on Condoleza.
She wasn't calling it from the color side.
She was calling it from the right wing side.
That's why she kept trying to play this.
Well, aren't you going to call yourself a liberal?
She didn't give her crap about the racial part.
That was just, you know, just.
She had mentioned earlier in the conversation that there were groups that were disappointed in you having this on your side.
Oh, I'm sure.
I mean, the American Nazi party don't like me picking on Condoleza.
It's funny.
None of those groups actually called you yourself.
This, you know, go for it.
Fox News.
Give you a call.
Anyways, Neil, keep it straight.
And the comments too.
Okay.
See you.
See you.
56670560, prompt 560, audio AT&T and Verizon.
Wireless line.
I wonder how Dick Stockton is doing, you know.
Nobody to QIM.
Neil, how are you?
Okay.
I got to tell you that's stupid bitch that called up.
I'm like, who in the world does she think she is calling up and telling you what you can't, can I do it?
That's right.
How do you think you are, honey?
Call it up on this guy named Hype Radio Show and give me your guy named Let Your About What I How To Be Doing.
You know, I'm going to be thinking what I'm going to be saying, what I'm going to be smelling sniffing.
Sniffing.
Sniffing.
And another thing.
Either she's under rag or she hasn't got a lead in months.
How are you going to see now, lady?
Stick it up your ass.
Okay.
How about?
Excellent.
There's another good comment for you.
You know, you know, maybe I'll just send her this black, big black thing in here.
Prosecutors, basketball star Jason Williams was drunk at the time of the shooting.
He heard this story earlier.
Somebody just faxed it to me.
Prosecutors are given the most complete picture yet of what they say.
They happen to have a dimension of former basketball star Jason Williams.
The night the limousine driver was fatally shot.
Williams, 34, accused of recklessly handling the gun that killed Costa's Gus Kristoffi
and then tried to make the shooting appear to be self-inflicted.
He could face nearly 45 years in prison of convicted a manslaughter and other charges.
Pretty well.
Oh, now you can me.
Give me the ball.
Give me the ball.
Give me the ball.
Forget about that.
Okay.
Just like the Brian Blades thing.
He's too busy running fast and jumping high.
He don't have time to answer no questions.
Here's a color ridge.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
I have another angle.
Notice I didn't say take.
I have another angle.
These Republicans act in a subtle fashion.
Everything's subtle.
She wasn't too subtle.
Well, it's interesting that they know that you're from a bride.
And I think this was designed to fire up the blacks maybe a little bit.
Hey, you know, subtle.
I hope it does fire up the blacks.
And they realize that people like her and a Fox News people, all these right wingers,
want to like him fringe on everybody's freedom of speech.
The thing that's going to outrage a lot of black people and Haitians especially,
is this business about this policy last December that just mysteriously appeared.
And the administration don't even want to tell anybody who invented it.
Yeah.
And one other thing, Neil, I switch over once in a while to the Nazi station.
This Chuck Bates, a new world order.
He's to the right of Rush Limbaugh.
Chuck who?
Chuck Bates.
Never heard of him.
Oh, you don't want to.
He said that Paul Welston's now in hell because of this policy.
Can you imagine that?
Lovely.
Unbelievable.
See the mailbox.
Okay.
That could have been Rick the mailman.
You know what it was said to me at the mailbox.
I'm not sure which mailbox he was talking about.
5670560, pound 560.
It's time to get it on.
I don't think so.
I think here time has passed for that sweetheart.
Don't forget to join George Bulkabratt and the good old ugly Chuck.
Five to seven of treasurer Islander.
Why didn't he put that in there?
Fatboy wrote that.
I should point out to you.
He came waddling in here this morning and handed me that.
They love calling me that.
George Bulkabratt and little Carlos five to seven of treasurer Islander.
It's a huge Halloween party with drinks specials on cosmic jelly jello shots featuring Stephanie Evans.
And boy, she's really going to do it for you.
Five to seven of treasurer Island just off the ball.
Meadow at the 120 seconds red exit.
Look at that.
62% not offended by any of those words.
They're just words.
62% of the people would have brain.
Here's a Pemberpine.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
OK.
Hey, look, I could care less about what you want to call me.
Long you spelled my name right on the damn paycheck.
Exactly.
You got it, man.
Well, you know, I like your bitch.
I like you kissing the good morning and I'm one myself.
So I love it.
I'm going to work.
Thanks, pal.
All right.
Thank you.
OK, there's our black collar for the day.
See, I don't know.
She's got no sense of humor.
You don't understand this show.
That's another thing.
You got to nerve you're taking things out of context, which is why I didn't want to talk to them in the first place
because I knew what they had up their sleeve.
Trying to take something out of context and twist it around and make it seem like a whole song in advance.
Man, you people must be considering how they're always blowing their horn about.
Oh, he's got twice as many viewers as Connie Chink and Phil's Donna who's got no.
And they're doing so great.
How come they're so desperate?
Huh?
What do they need me for?
I guarantee you.
I'm not watching your crap.
I guarantee you that.
I just channel surfing.
Seriously, the number of times that I come across that network, the only reason I watch an Amsterdam is because there's no MSNBC.
And CNN is not, they have CNN international on over there.
They only put US regular CNN once in a great while for a few minutes.
And like the King, Mike's do is on, you know, he's on there.
So the only really choice you have in English other than sky news and BBC from England, which is mostly, you know, British news.
If you want to find out what's going on here, you got to watch Fox News.
So I got a real good idea of what you folks are doing about all that orange pancake make up.
You're not fooling this kid.
All of it is Halloween.
Maybe that's why she called it a Halloween.
It's the orange network, huh?
Fits right in.
Maybe when I hung up on her, she turned into a pumpkin.
If I could do what I'm going to have, I'm going to have me some pumpkin pie.
26 after 11, I do like pumpkin pie, don't you?
No, not a lot.
You don't?
I don't like it a lot.
But like once in a while, like I'm Thanksgiving something's a novelty.
I don't even like chocolate.
Like I said, Carlos won't be a treasure island tonight.
He's going to be getting a tongue transplant.
One that's got some taste buds.
You don't like chocolate.
I never heard of anybody in my life.
I don't like chocolate.
Same thing George said.
I can't stand.
Is that the only thing I don't like it that much?
Is that I can't stand it?
I don't even like the smell of it.
Hey, I got news for you.
What more had to do this morning was not chocolate.
Okay.
Oh, that's why the smell of it.
You know, we're so offensive.
You see what I'm saying?
He's stupid.
I know.
He'll believe anything.
26 after 11 at 560 WQM.
Let's face it.
You've been hearing us talk about fast train till you got fast train coming out of both ears.
Well, the facts are easy.
If you have the dedication, fast train can provide you with the necessary training to become
a certified computer professional.
According to Time Magazine, the demand for computer professionals will continue to explode.
The average student completes the training in just four quick, easy months attending school
three, Its a week.
Once you've completed your certification, fast train will assist you in getting you a new computer job.
Fast train invites you to come in and visit their train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you.
Santa Anita, Hollywood Park, Delmar, call fast train, toll free at 1-866 fast train to set up that appointment.
With four convenient locations, there's bound to be a fast train near you.
The Renn Miami Pembroke Pines for Lauderdale and now believe it or not, and highly congested, impossible kindle.
Don't forget to ask the career counselor to for a list of students just like yourself, who are currently in their dream jobs thanks to their training at fast train.
Call them today, get out of your dead end job, start making a paycheck like this last guy said.
Like that's worth your name on it and it's got a good number on it.
Call fast train toll free at 1-866 fast train, call 1-866 fast train or check them out on the web at fastrain.com or you can do like Carlos coming to work here and you'll never get paid.
Bye bye and look all this is for Trio High 60.
You ain't way in here.
There's a butt, I smell it.
Spreading my crack on the potter.
I'm the toilet, we've been the seed and pain.
I was rubbing out of my body.
Be rubbing out of my neck as I scream.
Call a peanut butter, let's smoke all this.
We never leave the cup alone.
It's got this feeling of a growing, burning voice.
Woohoo, woohoo, woohoo, woohoo.
My bad body is right there.
Breaking the sweat, my bad wounds are losing control.
Woohoo, woohoo, woohoo, woohoo.
Jesus Christ.
You've given us, we went out my home.
I gotta leave my leg up higher, where I don't feel like it's a fire.
And I feel just like I'm dying for burning raw.
I gotta tuck it, tuck it up, burn it, roll.
I gotta tuck it, tuck it up, burn it, roll.
I gotta tuck it up, burn it, roll.
Look, I gotta rip it.
I gotta rip it.
I gotta rip it.
I gotta rip it.
133 at 560 WKM when you see about Volkabrhyat and Treasure Island,
and I tell him I think he was right.
But don't send those things up.
But tell him I said that, I think he had a point.
There aren't any coincidences in this world.
You know, I'm talking about there are no coincidences.
But anyway, what a beautiful lunch from Balance for Life.
Look at this chicken marsala.
Can you see that with beautiful asparagus, aspiragy?
Wow, it looks great.
Chicken marsala with like a few of barley in here.
Oh man.
That's not, that's definitely not diet food.
What does that mean?
Oh, it's not, uh, bird food.
It's not bird food like those other horrible things like weight watchers.
There's awful little tiny things, there's little packages.
Or like that the Jenny, Jenny Craig wording, whatever the hot thing is.
Like that crap.
And Putrid system.
With those little tiny cans of chemicals.
Mmm.
I do love aspiragy.
So you only problem with aspiragy as though it changes the when you like pee.
Squirt, squirt.
Put that funky aroma in there, huh?
I've heard that, never eat aspiragy asparagus.
Never eat aspiry.
You don't like chocolate, no need aspiragy as the money weighs 40 pounds.
Go over and see Treasure Island night.
The carls will be there.
Bring them a sandwich.
He's on a current carpenter diet.
Of course, when you, you know, getting paid like he is here, I guess he can afford to be on that diet.
Here's Homestead.
Hello.
Hey Neil, in order to...
Hello?
I'm here.
Hey Neil, in order to take a little pressure off about this kind of lose the right issue.
Can you play the comedy bit about the Holocaust?
Dennis, that was Dennis.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And by the way, Dennis didn't get on ear.
You're never going to get on ear again, sweetheart.
As soon as I heard the voice of the...
That sounds like that ranting and raving Dennis.
I'm going to have to figure out what his voice sounds like.
He's an accident waiting to happen.
It's who he is.
I'm surprised he's not with his boyfriend today.
It is Halloween.
Here's Homestead.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
I got someone sort of keep story on it.
I'm a Spanish or a spik, you know.
Spik him.
And...
Time it doesn't.
And my sister, when we got here to Florida, she got married with an African-American.
So, you know, I have nephews who are African-Americans and...
Half of them.
Yeah.
So, we joke around, you know, about spik and blacks and this and that.
No, they don't say blacks.
Don't they use the word nigger?
Oh yeah, they use nigger, but we don't...
They don't use the word spik.
They use the word checos.
Uh huh.
So, to me or to them, we're all checos.
And me, you know, with them, they're niggers.
But they're, you know, they're age.
Do you remember that...
That's from Freddie Princhot, checo and the nigger.
Remember that show?
No, I don't think I remember that show.
Before your time, yeah.
Yeah.
That's pretty good.
Um, but yeah, you know, they're...
And they don't...
When they use the word, they don't use it offensively.
They use it as a joke.
Right.
You see, this broad has no sense.
And she kept saying, you find that funny.
Is there something funny?
I thought it was like a female Joe Pesci.
She kept saying that over and over again.
She couldn't believe that anybody would find that funny.
I think it's hysterical.
Maybe she's related to most.
Could be kissing cousin, maybe.
Yeah.
Okay, I have a great day.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
I'm gonna say something.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
Let's go to the West Palm.
That's you.
I know.
How are you?
I know.
I've talked to you a couple of times since I moved to Florida about 23 years ago.
Oh.
I've been and I both listened to you nowadays.
Oh, wow.
I've been and I just got all-riled up this morning.
Really?
I've been listening to that woman talk to you on the phone.
You know, it's a non-issue as they say in political circles.
If you get the people excited about a non-issue then they're not paying attention to the real issues.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
I think that's the story.
Pierce.
Pierce.
I got my windows down on the hot summer day,
because they hazy don't work no way.
The sweating pressure of the sea spots the smell that gets the tussley looking over time.
And from up back to you find the shiny, grand bids melt like glass,
thanks my coffee, Janet, to preserve a washing it with all the road.
The whole bay rears, open up the carcada, carry cherry, eat the baby food, the whole bay rears.
Michael Schoffick views throwing over Steve Bunk's ink on school.
Da baby, fresh malnourished theory of the fancy to be baby food.
Da baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby.
From 47 to 55, 50 WQAM, your psychotic station for the new century.
So anyway, come to find out that not only is Heather full of crap, she's also a liar.
Very devious, these dangerous games we play when we choose to filet.
She calls yesterday into control and she says, oh, well, I gotta get a hold of the aridries.
She's so hard to get a hold of and I need his home number.
And of course, nobody's gonna give out my home number here.
And she says, oh, yeah, but we want to do a story about his great ratings.
Now he's dominated the market all these years.
How do you like that, huh?
For making up stories, lie and bitch, who you can.
And you're giving us a lecture on humanity?
How do you like that?
That's my comment for you, sweetheart.
I hear another one.
Why don't we do it in the middle of one somewhere, come back up.
But there you go.
Wants to do a story about my good ratings.
Can't do a story about Bill O'Reilly's ratings in this market because he don't have any.
Okay, sweetheart?
It's a big.
Oh, looks like a, yeah, looks like a zero.
Just in reek like in reek is but only quite frankly, I'd rather see in reek is but then Bill O'Reilly.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
So we're going to be playing that tomorrow between nine and 10.
Yep, it's on the debt.
Anybody didn't hear the brilliant call from our good close friend Heather at Fox News Network in New York
who's calling here to give me a lecture about the song Kiss and Iger Good Morning and Conn D'Lisa.
And starts doing a whole thing where she went into a wrap about what a brilliant woman she is about to be.
But I mean, that's like something out of a dream.
Something out of a dream.
Like you think that's funny?
Yeah.
W-Q-I-M.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
Speaking of line, perfect timing.
After the election, the Gord Bush election, foul well came on and said that there were 20 million so-called right wingers.
And then on 60 minutes he comes on and says there's 70 million on.
Oh, they're multiplying like crazy.
Yeah, what are they rabbits?
The other thing is that the polls now tighten 4644 and 10 undecided on the the McBride Bush race.
Where'd you hear that?
That was on the not the horse race, Paul, but the the the garrion something Paul garrion.
Oh, right.
Excellent.
And the last thing is that we can get about 200,000 Haitians to come out and vote next to them.
And we'll stick your send jet back to that place where they stuck that silver spoon up his ass.
By the way, I picked up the phone the other day and I got a solicitation from the honorable Tom Delay.
Ah!
With-
Ah, not in the middle of my lunch.
With-
With-
With-
A live person came on and said I have a 30 second Tom Delay recorded message where you please listen to this.
And he starts to outnour this right wing crap.
As soon as you heard the name, it should have been the dial tone.
And I kept saying, well, what does this mean?
I don't understand this.
What do you want me to do?
What do you want me to do when they couldn't answer this?
Go to our website and you'll find out.
You sure told them where to go.
Yeah, thanks.
Have a great day, pal.
You know, some of these people out there, they would know Tom Delay from 7-Second Delay.
But anyway, 5-6-705-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line,
477 votes on that pool.
62% say they're not offended by any of those words.
Sticks and stones in all other old crap, right?
It's good to model live by.
How does that go?
Fool me once and don't do it again.
And that's what the president said.
Yeah, fool me once and I won't do it again.
Here is a Pembroke Park.
Hello.
Well, I was wondering what kind of best of tape you would have,
but he just did nothing but Heather from Fox.
That would be plenty for me.
Okay.
It's a lot.
Okay, thank you.
Yeah, let's just make a best of it with Heather from Fox.
That call, we get a 90-year-old with that.
Call us every week, Heather.
I love it.
Make a regular feature of it.
You see, let me tell you about what's the right wing in this country,
what they would like to have on the air.
Lauren Esselinbaugh, Bill O'Reilly, G Gordon-Litty,
Olly North, Alan Keys, all right wing all day.
Anybody with a descending point of view, get off the air.
Who the hell are you to be saying those things?
I mean, you talk about a fascistic mentality,
and they say that we throw words around like that.
Well, you know, you throw them around because they happen to,
if the food fits, bear it.
It's just the way it works.
People don't want to like stamp down anybody else who has a different point of view.
Tough crap, man.
We're going to say it.
Whether that pitch likes it or not,
whether it's a villa or a ryan election or not,
whether it's a Rupert Murdock election or not.
I don't get any check from Fox News every week.
You think Mo's getting any, oh, that's right,
he didn't work for Fox.
And with Westwood one, he got blown out of.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Donald.
I'm a half-spiric half-crow.
My wife's a wetback.
My two friends, one's a nigga, the other one's a walk,
and I work for a big nose Jew.
And I voted for Papi Pianon.
God damn it.
Yeah.
And I think words of bunch of crap.
These guys are crazy.
These religious fanatics and these fucking politicians.
Okay, great.
Woo!
Have you dude?
He got a little bit of motion there at the end, sir.
He said something about the F and politicians.
Well, that was a good lunch.
Notice how I eat the very subversively or quietly?
Ah!
Takes years of practice of being able to eat with your mouth full.
And talk with your mouth closed.
Let's see for your telemarketing schmucks.
Anti-tellamarketer.com.
Great show, PS.
How do I attack the buffet?
Oh, and then John from Port St. Lucy,
who's out of control faxes again.
He says, is it possible to become a chronic faxer three and one day?
Yes, John.
And he goes on again about incoming calls.
Ah!
Turn anonymous call rejection on permanently star 77.
Turn it off permanently to turn it back on star 88.
But a beep, but a boop, but a-ah, and, and, et cetera.
Also, this is a listening program for years.
If I'm any of the song parodies to be hilarious,
my politics are already voted absentee for Jeff Bush.
But I still enjoy most of the songs regardless of who they rose.
Republican Democratic White or Black.
As for Fox News, her call demonstrated classic liberal thinking and other oxymoron.
It's okay for Harry Bellafoddie to call Condoleez and Colin Haussney-Groes
because he's almost black.
But if you do, you're automatically a politically incorrect racist pig
who is defending every black person in the world.
You handle it very effectively, but I guarantee you'll be subjected to a total hatchage of up Fox News.
Next couple of days, don't change anything.
Big deal, John.
In addition to which you're wrong, it's got nothing to do with liberal.
When you try to repress what other people say, that ain't liberal.
Ultra, right wing.
As in Rupert Murdoch, Infool and anybody with a brain.
Here's another fact.
Hania, one of the most youth phrases in the black community is,
was up Niga.
They use this word on themselves more than we do.
Was up Niga.
I hear that all the time.
All they've sang it to me.
Better than Faggot.
Nah, actually not really.
I like Faggot a little bit better.
Here's Coconut Creek. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
All right, I was on your website the other day.
And you said you always say you're fat.
You got what you look like Larry King.
You're not fat.
Throw me 50 dollars.
Yeah, why you want to date?
No, not exactly.
Okay.
Do you want to know where I can get a copy of the best of CDs
or anything that you used to advertise last year?
No, we're not doing that anymore.
You're not doing the best of CDs anymore?
No, not this year.
Too many lazy people around here.
Can we get copies of the old one?
No.
I'm just... I'm jamming.
I'm not making that up.
The answer is no.
I'm not that I know of.
Oh, I mean, I thought they'd be available on the website or something.
No, they should be, but they're not.
We have a whole bunch of them, but they're not.
Because Eric's up there eating now, you know?
I'll get on his ass about it.
We'll get him on there.
Please do. I enjoy the show.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks.
Yeah, they should be on there.
Why shouldn't we have an ongoing thing?
I mean, when Gels told me yesterday we got all these leftover from last year.
Why not cut the price in half?
We give them money to charity to abandon pet rescue.
And go from there if we got a whole bunch of stuff already.
And then we can come up with those really nifty key chains like...
It's time to get it on.
Something like that.
Oh, we're not?
You notice during the midst of all of this, you know who's conspicuously absent
and hasn't shown his face in the early one time since he came back after that family tragedy they had?
Well, to come back showing his face in the early one time.
You know who that is?
Great.
Yeah, that's right.
In the midst of all of this stuff going on,
Tony, Mr. Oblivious.
Mr. Oblivious.
But have a nice day, Greg.
Have a nice being here for a little while.
1156 at 560 WDQA.
There's never been a better time to purchase a home or refinancing resisting home.
How about this rate?
3.95%.
That's right.
Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95% by calling this number
and believe me, they've been around a long time ad dog with thanks for listening, by the way.
1-800-940-LEND.
That's 1-800-940-5363.
The money you're going to save is absolutely...
Thank you, Greg.
But think about it.
You can get $100,000 loan for only $450 bucks a month or a $200,000 loan for only $950 bucks a month.
The process is simple and you're going to save yourself a Schmidt load of cash each year.
Just call our good buddies at Financial Group and 1-800-940-LEND.
And there's never been a better or smarter time to get you a low interest rate than right now as I speak.
Call Financial Group, you'll be on your way to save and vig cash.
They're an equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change if you wait too long.
So, call them right now as you're thinking about it.
1-800-940-LEND.
That's 1-800-940-5363.
1-800-940-LEND.
We're supporting you 560.
You AM.
Look at it.
It's the 12-to-1 hour.
Yeah, at least we're today.
Ladies, there's nothing worse than a stinky smell emanating from way down there.
Who?
Believe me, your love tunnel can get that way pretty fast from improper care.
So if you want to clean, prim and proper love canal, you need to use glitter ox.
It's the industrial strength wedge cleaner.
And it comes in a variety of flavors to please him.
Hmm, strawberry. My favorite.
Hold your horses big guy.
So if you want to clean, fragrant love subway, get glitter ox.
Because soap and water just isn't enough. Now where were we?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, anyway.
I was down here just relaxed. How you doing?
Pretty good. I'm doing fine.
You're making my days, I have to say.
Really? How about if I put that on in my work?
This board is such a piece of crap.
Here's Hank Goldberg who I lost another ounce or two or less like.
Not working at it.
You win me both.
Takes time. He's saying take time like 30 years.
How come I don't see any level on there? Is this thing on?
Give it a test. Smack it.
It's on.
So what do you think of my good friend Heather? Did you hear it?
I was doing the one-step radio.
Oh, jeez, you missed it.
I just heard you talking about it, but I intend to listen to it when you're sure.
You won't believe it.
What I really believe is that O'Reilly is so desperate.
The book is here, which is such as it was.
Nobody's here in the summertime.
They don't listen to us in the summer.
FDL didn't even show in this book. They don't exist.
So he had a zero.
So all I tried to do was exploit and use me to try to whip up a number for them.
It's got to be that because nobody could be as stupid as she was.
And you really think that's funny?
And the kind of leaves is a very bright young woman.
She's giving me a lecture on what I should say and what I should think.
And that's how it went.
That's a mistake.
Yeah.
A bad move to start with.
Very bad mistake.
tragic.
So how's life?
Life is good.
And the breeders cup?
The breeders cup was great.
I don't like that.
The day before.
I got no.
For the breeders cup?
Yeah, he doesn't usually, but I was, I spent Thursday afternoon with him.
I said, you ought to call him the old tomorrow.
I think I'll call him.
Pick one.
I'll pick one.
I got the mic putt.
This is the worst piece of crap board by the way, Bob Vermoth.
You should have seen Bob Vermoth and Amsterdam, by the way.
You should have heard the crap he was talking about, Scrooan.
Ro!
It was, in fact.
Look what he gave me over there.
This was, he said, Roy left us behind just to keep Scrooan busy all the time.
Oh, he was foaming at the mouth about how you don't crap or you eat and butter meat.
Well, actually gets a little boozy in the man.
That guy's a wild man.
Really?
Yeah.
I have to take him drinking then.
No, he better you than me.
I don't want to ever see him again.
He was a disaster.
But no, I was with Dave Thursday afternoon and I said, you ought to call Neil.
And he said he thought he might on Friday.
Didn't do it.
Too bad about that horse breaking down.
You know, it seems like every year in a breeders cup, every, oh, you know,
you had him every year.
There's a horse that has to be destroyed at the same.
There else has some horrendous injury.
You know, I had that horse box in the exact as with the two horses around one and two.
And he was 13 to one and the winner was 25 to one on the race.
And he was making a great move on the outside.
He stepped in that hole.
Yeah.
And it's stable mate.
The horse that finished second that what the hell?
I can't think of rock, uh, rockage of alter.
Uh, that ride that the British jockey game was horrendous.
And they keep, they all of Aiden, no Brian's horses got stuck in a gate for some reason.
Yeah.
They didn't break well.
Everyone of his horses, the train, don't know, but they kept talking about the fact that, uh, in England, they, they don't like racing really wide.
And so as a result, he didn't want to be on the outside too long.
But if he had pulled that horse in the, in the backstreet, he would have jotted.
Rarely you've seen a horse close that fast.
Yeah.
Well, the other thing is they run the other way.
And England too.
And I'm wondering if maybe the horse didn't get a little, yeah, because he wasn't here at the very long.
Little spooked, is that what you want to say?
Don't say that.
You'll be getting calls from Heather on your show.
Don't be saying that.
I work for you.
That's right.
That's a bad conflict.
Yeah.
Well, I know that the Dick Stockton works for fuck news.
You know what I'm saying?
Doesn't he live in Boka?
Yeah, he works for, I mean, Fox Sports.
And that's what I'm saying.
Yeah.
It's a different operation.
But doesn't he live in Boka?
Yeah.
Oh.
I just mentioned that.
I just did that.
No, I didn't say he did.
I know.
But anyway, no, he doesn't, he doesn't, the Dick Stockton's off.
Well, I know you're a big guy.
You're a friend of his.
Oh, I can.
He's a great guy.
He's a great guy.
He must be a wonderful guy.
But he's awful on here.
He's so boring.
Home run.
One of the great moments in the history of the world, too.
Home run, he's boring.
But at any rate, Joe Bach was kind of disappointing.
Yeah.
You know, I mentioned this the other day.
I don't know if you were listening.
Saturday night, I'm at the track at Pompeville.
And I'm driving home in the series design.
And I've never ever liked John Miller because he does that stick.
And I can tell he's, you know, a safe.
That's fake when he's doing a regular game of the week.
But he was so damn good because we hit it on the stage now.
Yeah.
He was sensational.
Yeah.
You know, when he angels make it a comeback.
Yeah, he's he was great.
Not just good.
I mean, 10 times better than Joe Bach.
Joe Bach to me is just on one step above generic.
He was.
I don't even think he's that.
And what a bad break for Joe Angel.
Haven't to leave here.
Go to the Giants, huh?
I had Joe on the show yesterday.
Did you?
Yeah.
Good for him.
Good for him.
I'm glad for him.
Yeah.
What about we said anybody gets away from this place?
It's always got to be moving up.
Especially when you're leaving John Henry in the Marlins.
Well, look at the way he's in that beautiful ballpark out there.
What can be what can be bad about broadcasting the Giants game?
And then go to the World Series to the seventh game.
Yeah.
And then everybody, you know, I kept hearing all these people.
Well, the ratings were so bad and the lowest.
Who gives a crap?
You know, it was a great series.
Even though I can't stand baseball anymore.
Yeah, well, once upon a time, I mean, the World Series was like the Super Bowl.
Even if he didn't care during your regular season, everybody watched the series.
John Miller made a comment that's so true about baseball.
And, you know, one of the things people complain about is the length of games and whatnot.
But he got into the eighth inning and he said,
Well, they have four outs to do something.
And he said, that's the beauty of baseball.
Right.
Four outs.
If they don't don't do anything for four outs, it's over for them.
No time clock or anything like that.
Time doesn't run out of it.
And he said, you run out of outs.
It's so true about the game.
Yeah.
All right.
I heard, I don't want to put it on you because yesterday I was driving home and mad dog was just ragging on the Patriots again.
By the way, I want to thank Joe.
You should have seen a beautiful bag.
Did you see it, Carlos?
That travel bag.
Yeah.
Patriots made a lot of money for me.
A couple days ago.
Beautiful.
Thanks a lot, Joe.
Nice thing.
Didn't have any naked pictures of Tom Brady and everybody was okay.
But he's ragging on him and this and that.
First of all, they got no defense this year.
They have no defense.
Brady is not reading.
And their offensive lines given him no protection.
He's getting sacked six, seven times a game.
He's not playing that bad.
But the fact of the matter is they got like he finally said at the end yesterday when he finished ripping them, we got the ring.
But I've been, you know, look at our ring.
You know, they won it last year and he's talking how lucky they were in this and that.
You know, what have it often got to show?
See, that father's made it in this town.
Nobody wants to give anybody else credit.
So they had your gap to be lucky to win to get that far.
Well, I think that's a great coach last year.
Right.
And not this year though.
No, I, you know what happened?
They just got away from what they were doing.
Yeah.
You know, and they trying to throw the ball every down.
I think they'll be Buffalo.
When they got to the fourth quarter of the Kansas City, he even let it one over time.
And they blew that two touchdown lead.
Yeah.
I could see that was like the on rambling of the defense.
It couldn't stop my grandma.
Well, they're playing Brady a little differently.
Yeah, he's a little bit like a pitcher who goes around.
I'll leave it.
Now don't get into a person life, Hank.
I mean, I know you know a lot of people, but I say it was a cat.
I said, you look like a person.
Don't start with that.
I said Mike P.S. is the catcher.
Is what we're here.
But he goes around a league one time.
And maybe they're a little on to him the second time around.
And they play him a little differently.
Could happen.
Doesn't mean they're right.
They'll be okay.
He looks okay to me.
I thought they wouldn't this way.
Have a great show.
Say hi to Bino for me by the way.
I've had a great show.
Yeah.
Thanks to my good friend Heather.
Maybe I can never call you with things good slow.
Sure.
See you later.
There's Hank 560.
W. Kermag got the rating book here to take home.
Oh man.
It's pretty bad.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah, you're two, man.
560.
560.
Pound 560 on a AT&T line.
Here's Del Ray.
Hello.
I know.
Yes, sir.
She is a true DB.
You know what that is.
Heather.
Yeah.
Did you get a copy of the letter that was sent to Morgan, David?
Oh, you sent that?
Yeah.
Yes, I did.
Okay.
Because he said he read the first sentence and tore it up.
Really?
I read the whole thing.
I thought it was great.
Yeah.
Isn't it something?
He will not admit to anything.
Yeah.
It's unbelievable.
Well, listen, there's nothing more I can say about him than I've already said.
He's the most bizarre creature in the universe.
There's nothing in the morning.
Now, you're a sports station, right?
Yeah.
Supposedly.
They give scores in the morning.
Now, they give the Panther score and the Heat score.
Yeah.
Then they give you a phone number to call for the rest of the scores.
That sounds like an automated station.
The sporting opening of the NBA never gave another score.
The talking canary only talked about the Panthers and the Heat.
Morgan, I forgot to put in there the name of the program in the morning.
Morgan, David and the talking canary.
Okay. It was a great letter.
Thank you.
At least you know that it wasn't a waste.
I read it all.
I appreciate it.
Thank you.
In fact, I got it here.
Maybe I'll read it.
56670560, pound 560.
This is a very disturbing story.
Football player kisses homecoming game.
Goodbye.
What a sad story.
A single peck planted on his girlfriend's forehead cost a Henry County high school senior
the chance to play in the homecoming football game.
Now, where is this?
See, people send me these stories and I don't know what papers they're from or what town they're from.
Oh, it's somewhere in Georgia.
Because I see home news metro.
It's somewhere in Georgia.
Figures.
James Jamie Mauricio is still smarting from his punishment for what officials at Union Grove High in Macdonough consider inappropriate contact with Heather Kell October 17th.
The two day in school super a suspension also blocked the starting varsity linebacker from the big game.
His girlfriend of eight months was not disciplined for getting the hallway kissed spotted by a vice principal.
It's been crazy.
I don't want this to happen to somebody else Marie said yesterday.
It hurt me so bad my senior year missing my homecoming game.
I'm going to be scarred for life.
I have no stories to tell my kids.
An upset Deborah Hefflen sought out the news media to bring attention to what happened to her son whom she describes his very affectionate and good student who's never been in trouble.
I just think they're carrying us a little bit too far Hefflen said let the punishment fit the crime.
School officials believe it does.
The district considers inappropriate contact between students a no no.
A no no.
And leaves it up to principal to decide exactly what is appropriate Rodney Bauer.
Union Grove principal said kissing hugging excessively in other physical contact distract students from academics.
We want a strong academic environment in which kissing is not an activity to take place in the school building.
You said Marie said he had no idea kiss on the forehead would violates a little peck on a cheek or kiss on the forehead.
Man you talk about a bunch of y'all this is from the Atlanta Journal Constitution.
Thank you.
Marie said he had no idea that would violate school rules they should be cracking down on guns drugs fighting everything else of the 17 year old.
Who collected 800 student signatures in the failed attempt to get the Henry County School Superintendent Jack Parrish to reverse Bauer's decision.
Bauer said he's in fourth and will consistently and plans to continue doing so at least a dozen students have served in school suspensions this semester for the same violation of the little peck on a forehead.
The county school board members have not considered reviewing the policies and vice president Murray and Mitchum who declined to come at further.
And Robert is still dead.
How do you like that? A little peck on a forehead you're out in Georgia.
Very sad.
What did I tell you about this redneck country bars?
Oh and by the way.
Oh!
You remember a couple of days ago somebody faxed me that thing about redneck nation.
Right.
Michael I forget.
And I almost went out and bought the book.
He was on I think was on crossfire last night or one of those talking had chosen so many of them.
This guy's a raving right wing lunatic.
He's a right wing extremist.
He's not at all what they are representing to be in that so thank goodness I saved some cash my lucky day.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon wireless line.
10 past 11 at 5 60 QA.
I'm Tom Laman in the gang down there at Halopodiac GMC say even though it's Halloween no tricks just treats.
That's right it's the grade 0% Halloween event it's going on right now as in today at Halop.
With the proof credit from GMAC you can get 0% down payment and 0% financing for up to 60 months and all brand new.
What is it all 2002 pound ECMGMC models and select 2003's?
Get it right or take a rebate of up to 45 hundred bucks.
Here's even more treats not tricks.
Zero payments for 90 days and always in Halopodiac and zero hassles of course because they treat you right.
That's why they've been going strong for so long.
You know that Michael running the other side can you believe that?
Hello there. I had that wide open.
No this is the wrong there.
There's something wrong with that microphone Holyo and Bob remote so instead of picking on poor screw and in Roy.
Get the mic fixed in here for crying out loud.
I had the pot wide open here.
I had a well anyway check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the on-boy voted by Motor Trends SUV.
The year in the all new Vonda and Pontiac vibe SUV that's a big gutsy SUV with the power of a fancy, fancy sports car.
Halop's also got a tremendous selection of used cars, trucks and SUVs.
And if you have a credit problem if some other car dealer says, uh uh they'll say, uh uh at Halop.
They'll cut you deal.
It's the grade 0% Halloween event right now at Halopodiac in that same location that you know and love.
134-01 South Dixie Highway.
That's US-1 right across from the falls open every day.
Seven days a week.
You can give him a call if you like a 305-238-4040.
305-238-4040 for Halopodiac GMC who be professional grade.
This is sports winning in 560.
You will yeah.
Best.
All right.
Now see here all new kids.
They call them Mr. Wins.
Oh, won't they?
Soon I'll win a race.
Ain't my rocket, hey, dear.
Oh, where, uh hey baby?
You showed up by today.
And I hope Mr. Wins is a big win.
Oh, where I came in, it's sort of this place.
Well, you earn your sale so we're gonna play.
Well, get that on him.
How's about a date?
I think on a date that chance.
Not if you keep calling it last.
That's why you don't go out with me.
You ain't too slow, you get the beat.
Well, I may be slow on the street,
but I show be passed on my feet.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They call him Mr. Wins.
Well, 6, 3, 5, 6, 8, W to Q.
I'm interested in five days before the election.
I guess it's just a coincidence.
Oh.
That they start up all this crap.
I mean, what's the point?
I have no clout in this market.
I'm not gonna get one person to go out there and vote.
One way or the other.
But the message is being, hey,
you see these liberals even on the right-hand side
down there in Miami, these liberals
that are against you blacks that make him funny.
You see all vote Republican.
Is that gonna happen?
No.
Oh, chance.
Who are you kidding, man?
Especially once we find out about this racist immigration policy
that the Bush administration started based on,
we don't know what because they ain't saying.
Got a question?
Mmm.
Our lips are sealed.
No matter what it is.
Now, if you believe in government of secrecy,
especially when it comes to what should be open policy,
hey, just goose that right on down, man.
Five hundred three votes.
Which of these words do you think is most offensive?
None of the above.
They're just words.
Three hundred fourteen, sixty two and a half percent.
Oh!
Nigger, hundred and thirty three.
See you again.
That's a social thing, one more time,
because a lot of you folks are just behind the times.
You know what I'm saying, Nigger?
It's just, it's no, seriously.
It's just a very common word now.
Everybody be saying it, man.
Yep.
White kids all over the place.
White kids, they were, hey, hi, Nigger.
What's up, Nigger?
133, say Nigger.
Twenty seven, say, kike.
Oi!
They like, faggot fifteen,
spick only eight and wap only six.
Wow, the Italians.
Hey, the Italians, they don't make fun of them.
You know what I'm saying?
They give you that, they put their finger, their index finger on their nose.
They turn it off to the side if you make fun of them.
And what, that's like a Sicilian message.
It's like the fish and the vest.
It's a different Sicilian message.
It's the old bapangulabee, Italian salute.
Which means somebody's going to come visit you at two in the morning.
And it looked just like Luca Bratzi.
Here's the fact that says the motto for Fox News should be,
we distort, we derive.
Have these morons no shame?
Well, the answer is no.
No.
Obviously not.
You've had these parodies on for months now,
but they're only bringing them up five days before a very close election,
knowing that you've spoken favorably about McBride.
Hmm, it says.
Hmm.
Or I guess we could put another way besides, hmm, which is hard to say.
Yeah.
Which is also hard to say.
Not only yourkers are like that fascist Heather,
I listen to you every day, pardon the expression religiously.
P.S. can you please play Willie T. Ribs for the Murdoch Gustafers?
Now just did, there you go.
You ask, you shall receive.
Here's the facts from Furn who says.
Now see, I love Hank, but you see what happened to the calls as soon as that?
Well, I understand that it's out of sync, you know.
They don't want to wait for the Humper.
A lot of open lines now for some strange reason.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
Well, probably because they couldn't hear them.
That's probably the biggest reason.
Probably.
You talk about a microphone that don't work.
I'd like to take a ball, peen hammered that thing, okay?
Got the pot wide open here and nobody's even smoking it.
Furn says, Neil.
That call from Heather from Fox was hysterical.
I burst out laughing.
You were just great, the old Neil I remember.
Yeah, pretty good.
That used to be about 50, 60 years ago, right, Furn?
I was drinking my coffee when you took the call you answered or was just what I wanted to hear about that bitch Condoleza
and the rest of that bunch of low lives in that administration.
Thanks for you.
I wish more people would listen to you so do I.
Can't stand George when he's on.
I turn him off.
Good luck, Furn.
Thanks, Furn.
I like when George is on because it means I'm not here.
I'm not working at today, but nevertheless.
I turn him off too.
Too much ass talk.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon line.
But you can tell George's that in person at Treasure Island at night put on your Halloween best.
Go to the big Halloween party with drinks specials on Cosmic Jelly Jello shots featuring Stephanie Evans is going to be prancing around squirting stuff all over the room.
In fact, Chuck E. Carlos, whatever his name is told me, his Halloween costume is going to be a yellow rubber raincoat.
Join George, Volker Brian and Little Carlos found the 7th and 7th of the 7th of the Treasure Island just off the ball metal with the 120 second street exit.
And Volker Brian will be bringing some CDs.
I don't know what he's going to be pedaling.
Okay, he needs metal help.
It's all I can tell you.
But he didn't have a point.
He had a point.
Here's a Cape Coral.
Hello.
Yeah, this is Larry from Cape Coral.
Yes, Larry.
Okay.
Hey, I was wondering was your birthday yesterday today?
It's not either one.
It's next Tuesday.
Okay.
That's going to see a happy birthday, Simon.
Well, thanks a lot.
Never too soon.
It's saying happy birthday.
Okay, well, happy birthday to you.
Thank you, Simon.
It's kind of hard to hear you over here and the other side of the thing.
You need to boost up to get a fluorescent light to the dim bulb over there and...
Yeah.
Yeah.
There's something like you around the area, so it's really hard to pick it up.
But it's worthwhile in this...
The Scallic called you a show, but...
That was really hilarious.
I think, like everybody said, put it on CD, burn it, and put it in posterio.
The Scallic's really way out of touch.
Amen.
And thank God you're Sonya and keep the... keep the face.
Thanks a lot, Larry.
Okay, bye.
Hang in there over there, baby.
A lot of people hang in over there.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless line.
We got a wild day going on.
Here we got the Fox people calling up the NeoRodger show.
Tell an old Neil what I should be saying on the year.
What I should be thinking, what I should be playing and saying, and et cetera.
Because they're desperate, evidently, for a little promotion or publicity.
I don't really care.
They suck.
You can do whatever you want.
You can slice it.
You can do anything you want with it.
It still comes out the same.
Okay.
It smells just like that.
But your old news hacks that got kicked off the network site.
I can't even think of that.
What's the name?
Brit Hume.
All those other guys.
Oh my god.
Put them in mothballs already, will you?
All these staggy old right-wing Rupert Murdoch bootlickers.
You know, get out of here already with that crap.
Week.
Well, our rating...
I don't care what your ratings are.
You know, just like I was saying, a Hank.
Maybe the World Series rating suck, but it was a great series.
Just because somebody's got ratings don't make it a show.
Look at the big lardass.
Okay, is that a show?
No.
All the way sure got bigger numbers than what's his name?
Don't confuse me with the facts.
W-Q-A-N.
The spin doctor.
Q-A-N.
Nobody there?
Nobody there.
Let's try Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I don't know where this Fox News b-odge gets off-telling you what you can say on your radio show.
Personally, I don't like anybody in the Bush administration.
I think those songs are great.
Yep.
And, you know, this is still American.
I can't keep in mind this guy didn't even really win the election.
He lost the election by half a million votes against a woodman.
A wooden Indian with a orthodox, due revised presidential candidate.
Well, try not confusing them with that.
Anyways, I have one request and that is tomorrow when you replay that phone call.
Yeah.
I would appreciate if you could play that whole block between commercials, including the five-minute ran afterwards.
Okay.
Thank you.
Whatever you like, it'll kill some good time.
I'm looking forward to it.
I'm going to play it three or four times.
Excellent.
Thanks.
Fine, yeah.
That sounds like a good idea.
We'll just play it over and over and over again.
And then all those people in New York that are really all those groups, you know, just with-
Just all these wild generalities, this group is upset and that group is upset and the veterans of foreign wars are upset.
Pushed to them, okay?
All you crusty old right-wingers with your toe jam, all right?
Get lost.
Oh, but you're very unpatriotic and you're supposed to go step behind the print of all the goose step this.
Although they do say you can't pass up a goose, especially in the elevator.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I love the three solvices that can take their cars home, come up on the highway at 75 miles an hour, put their highlights on.
Pass me, get off and go to a friggin' dry cleaner store to get their laundry.
Yeah.
That's what I love.
I love-
I'm not fast for you going.
I was doing 73.
He blew it, he came up my butt and he highlighted-
He came up your butt.
Wow.
He pointed me, highlighted me, got out of the way-
Back to him.
Took me.
I taped them at 87 miles an hour, he got off and went to a dry cleaner.
Yeah.
Probably after he got off, he had to go to the dry cleaner just like Bubba would at the blue dress.
5, 6, 7.
Now see, I noticed that Heather wasn't offended by that.
Maybe we'll have to play some of the Bill Clinton songs, you know, Devil with the Blue Dress and Bill's cigar and moniker's vagina.
Although I don't think so, we don't have to humor her.
She's not going to orchestrate what we do on the show.
Although I do like Al Gore with the cool minors.
A lot.
Here's the cruel spring, hello.
Yeah, call on them, speak to the mad dog.
Yeah, okay, well hold on, not-
Here's Dear Field, hello.
If you don't think he's swimming, we're going to the beach.
Huh?
Hello.
Is this Dear Field Beach?
Yeah.
Well, no, this is me.
Yeah, okay.
Aren't you in Dear Field?
Uh, five I know.
Okay.
Hey, but now, you know what?
Look out the window, open the window and take a sniff. You'll recognize it.
Oh yeah, like a sensory village over here.
You don't want to open up the windows around here?
No chance.
No, but I can just-
I just go walk around, I just turn on the show. I listen to every day of it.
I just walk up at a big party last night.
A big party?
Yeah, a party.
Yeah, well I'm from Boston, you know.
I type a color with it.
Too bad about them Patriots, huh?
Unbelievable.
They got rid of Bluso for the Brady.
Bluso, yeah.
Bluso.
Yeah, all they're all the Brady bunch did was win a Super Bowl last year.
Yeah, they're not doing nothing now.
Yeah, well they need to look at them in Buffalo.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, but anyway, they don't-
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
What's that?
The Coast Guard is the next bridge over.
You've got a thousand Haitians coming in.
They couldn't catch these things.
There goes the economy again, Don, and South Miami.
Well, what about the Army?
What about the guy that didn't homeland security?
Do you feel safe?
No.
I can't believe it.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, that's a fliss me out.
I got news for you, sir.
They couldn't catch a cold over there.
I could catch a cold.
You kidding me?
Now we got all these watts on my ass again.
Unbelievable.
Watts on your ass?
Well, these Haitians stay.
Okay, great.
Watts on his ass.
Nice.
They're Watts on his ass.
You've got to learn to speak Bostonese, man.
Okay, we're going to sick Heather on you.
The whole Fox News that we're going to be knocking on your door.
We know where you are.
You're in deer field, okay, sir.
The whole Fox News that we're going to be there pounding on the door.
Giving you what for?
Talking about our Haitian friends like that.
Watts on your ass.
Go back to Roxbury.
Okay, a big good place for you.
Twenty-six.
I'll see you at Suffolk Downs, by the way.
How's Eddie Codduin?
And Alex Winger?
Well, I tell you that Alex Winger would impink Silksman.
He's a great guy.
He was great.
You know what he used to say?
It's time to get it on.
Twenty-six past noon at 560 WQA.
I'll tell you that's what Jeff Cohn always says and believe me when he says it, he means it.
He is just a wild man.
And I'll tell you what it comes to great food.
He knows what it's all about.
That's why he keeps buying a bigger and bigger house.
Pretty soon he's going to be like in a $5 million mansion just because we're making him so much money.
Two pizza lots for you now.
The original Broward location is on University Drive between Griffin Road and 595.
Right beyond Pierwain and ports.
Right kitty corner, that new Armandillo Cafe.
Just zillions and zillions of free parking spots there for you.
And delicious fresh goodies.
All your Italian favorites.
Three different kinds of great pizza.
The best garlic rolls.
Everyone in history of mankind.
Teeny tiny prices and huge portions.
They actually give you too much food.
So you probably wind up with a doggy bag.
Or sneak somebody in with you and have a sneak rimmer in with you.
He'll eat whatever you've got leftover.
And don't forget the number there for takeout delivery.
And the catering is 954-916-888.
954-916-888.
And don't forget also the new location.
How could you?
On a corner sunrise in Navhilarite behind Walgreens where my friend Marcy is waiting right now for another free meal.
And the number there for takeout delivery at 795-4382-1999.
3A2-1999.
And the plantation location I can guarantee from personal experience.
The same delicious great food.
The same huge portions.
And the same teeny tiny prices.
So take the whole gang over there for a super meal.
And the world famous pizza lot.
Two locations for you in Broward now.
My and local.
Here's sports radio 560.
She's doing it.
She way.
David's a bitch.
Hey Heather, how do you like this one, sweetheart?
Don't lie.
All the hard burn.
Don't go, don't go.
Every time I see.
Don't go, don't go.
That free tart if you wish.
Don't go, don't go.
Call my TV.
Here's President Thump's.
Republigate muscle in.
And in archivalent idiot.
I don't know why.
They want to come.
But now he's here.
First rule to neck for years.
With President Thump's.
Oh, what I did to.
Go for sports.
And get to we all voted for.
If you want this.
Don't go, don't.
It's drumming stupidly.
Don't go, don't.
Find this drum in rich kid.
Don't go, don't.
He's even.
Lumber than me.
He's President Thump's.
Yeah, don't care what it took.
You got him in by hook or not.
The Christmas roll.
And on what best you will die.
But have no fear.
We've got a great leader.
With President Thump.
President Thump.
President Thump.
That's this for you, Heather.
I'm sure there are group of people that are really upset about that too.
Call 33 at 560 WQM.
So here's a fact from a guy who says, Mark.
He says, if you're going to play the call again, don't play it at the same time that it originally occurred.
Play it later so people can listen later can hear it.
Better get playing now.
Okay, well, what do you say?
We'll play between what?
Love it in noon?
Whatever you want.
Okay, we'll play whatever it feels like.
And I will play it over and over and over again because Heather was just sensational.
What's it now?
Every hour on the hour and then several times in between also.
Well, the reason I just played that is because Gary had a good point.
He said, shouldn't that Fox bitch be more upset about the president of Dumbish Mitt Bitt?
Well, I guess either she hasn't heard it or it doesn't suit her particular point she's trying to make.
About me being a so-called liberal.
See, and it's interesting, you're not fooling anybody because that self-hating fag
Andrew Sullivan who cohorts on your Make Believe news station,
put out a thing in his column saying the same thing.
Oh, here's a guy who's supposedly a liberal and look what he's a...
I'm not supposedly anything except an old fag. That's about it.
But just before the election, man, they are desperate.
They're just... so they must be running a scared, you know what I'm saying?
They must have some inside pulling that says, yeah, don't smell as good as we're pretending.
534 votes on a poll we asked today, which of these words do you think is most offensive?
We should have asked Heather.
I think goodbye might have been one of them.
None of the above, they're just words, 330 to...
332, like I said, 62.1%.
Nigger, 140.
26%.
Kike, 29.
Faggot, 17.
Stick, 9, and WOP7.
Well, maybe we oughta have Boca-Brind to his song, Kiss a Wop, Good Morning.
Huh? What do you think?
No, I'm not gonna do it.
Kiss a stick, Good Morning, that'd be big in a little vein.
Look at this, Spix, Rockle Neal say, and I don't know what they did.
Now, is this something really dirty, no doubt?
Eh? Yeah.
Oh.
Oh.
Okay. Thanks, Spix.
They say that the Heather Broad get lost.
Ask the cameyl fetus, you're me this.
Boca, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I got a spade, Dad.
I'm black, I'm poor enough.
And I hate you, they faggot.
Yeah.
Okay, great.
Congratulations.
And by the way, the INS will be buying about a half an hour.
56670560, pound 560 on EAT&T.
There's something wrong with that line, you know what's that?
What a cutoff.
Yeah, what a cutoff.
There's that like, like that.
Which fits right in here with our technical incompetence of QA,
and where everything is all screwed up, especially in this room.
Poor Humper, he comes in here, I put him on here for a couple of minutes.
He's talking into like a dead piece.
Nice going there, guys.
Maybe you guys here at Spiritsam,
I'm holding on to him, he's going to be in later to fix this chair
and change these two things.
So he said again for the second day in a row.
He'll do it in between feedings.
You might want to mention him that that mic blows.
Here's more Lauderdale, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing, my man?
Okay.
This guy, when we were a bunch of idiots, you got calls sometimes.
But how are you doing?
A long time, no talk.
I'm still doing okay.
Your birthday's next Tuesday.
Yeah.
Well, for your permission, I'd love to come down and feed you
for your birthday.
What does that mean?
I'll bring you a bunch of call boards that fly to bring you some Cuban boards that sandwiches.
How do you think, Neil?
It's rich from boards that we...
He must have gotten cut off.
Here's a four Lauderdale, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Mocha color, non to make him brava.
Oh, right.
One of your biggest fans.
I can keep an in perspective as far as everything that's done.
I like the kind of Lisa Rice, I don't like the Kiss of Niggas the morning.
Really?
But I'm not a doodlehead who since then has been going bootstep and lockstep with everything
that you say.
Yeah.
And can still be a big fan of the year.
You're not a bootleg Negro.
Exactly.
Over the years, you've given me so much entertainment.
I remember when I first heard you, I was cracking up so hard, I started peeing and crying.
Just about pissed your pants, yeah.
So all these parts.
Well, now that we're all getting up in a year's a little bit, we do give off the pens at the start of the short
day.
Yeah, it helps a lot.
But we've got snooze and Bill O'Rally with his cock out of ass, you know, to get him.
Yeah.
The angry he gets the more that I cost a little bit to the left.
All right, man, take it easy.
Hang in there, pal.
Okay, see ya.
Round on.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon line.
It was either right, lunch at a very bad time or maybe it was the call from head to back.
Oh, man, don't come in this room for a while.
You know how I just tilted a little bit?
Oh, I just farted in this chair.
If I don't wait, holy old, when you go to work on a chair, don't get down like your nose too close on it.
I left you a little something for you.
Condoleezza.
I can't stop singing that song like in the shower all the time.
I can't stop singing it.
I think it's got a great dis sound to it.
You think that it's funny?
Oh, come on, Heather, are you really?
Are you putting this on?
Just like that crap about you want to do a feature about a show about my big ratings in the market.
You're just trying to siphon off of this show is what you're doing.
I'd be pretty god damn it, birth, if I was a big god damn TV star.
And I'd siphon off some little local Yoko in Miami who's been on the year in the same stick in space for a hundred years.
In the same little backwater market.
I'd be pretty embarrassed, of course, to have a, in the book is pretty embarrassing too, Bill.
My life and love.
This is Forth Radio 5 City.
You ain't too way, yeah.
I will start with you, God, from a sport home.
Coming up tonight, on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
We take a good, hard, stiff look and a startup.
Their smooth off-stylings were quintessentially 1980s new wave.
In other words, they suck then and they suck now.
They were ABC.
We only named ourselves ABC so that our album would be near the front of the record store alphabetically, you know?
ABC's lead singer, Martin Fry.
The only people ahead of us in record bins in the 80s were Aha and Abba.
I mean, if you want to get to Adam and Aaron Smith or even F*** air supply, you had to go through Usman.
You know what ABC stands for?
Anything but creative.
The band is Strange Manager, Jet Stools.
Those shiny suit wearing weird lesbian style haircut cases really got on my nerves.
They've been wrote B near me because it began with a B and would get them near the front again.
It wasn't long before Stools was constantly coming up with nasty ways to use the band's acronym.
Martin Fry remembers.
Yes, first there was always bloody crappy, then absolutely boring credence.
And finally simply, F*** told bastard f*** suckers.
It's desperate for another way to exhibit his immense lack of creativity.
Fry now uses the band's song How to Be a Millionaire in a series of sickeningly upbeat investment seminars.
I'm here to show how you two can charge $300 per seminar that will teach people how to charge $300 for a seminar about becoming a millionaire.
ABC, don't be to them.
They were famous for a little while and that's more than your sorry ass I'll ever be able to say.
It's a big juicy, sobbing web look at show business tonight, but inside of high.
Comforty four five sixty the mad drug will be along a one hanky three B.O. Cook with a Humper at five.
Sterling Hayden McCluskey John Cazell, Fredo, Michael Granzo, Frank, I got the sideline, a Michael Granzo, Kato, Frankie Pintangeli.
Richard Castellano Clemenza, I love Clemenza. Who didn't like Clemenza? Especially if you're fat, you like fat Clemenza.
Lee Strasberg, Hyman Roth. This is the business we have chosen.
Lenny Montana, Lucavarazzi. Richard County, Barzini. Richard County was a great actor by the way. He's dead.
Rudy Bond, Don O'Tillio Cunio. Oyacunio, Cunio Stracci. They're all dead.
Mogreen, they're all dead. Faced Spain, Mrs. Roth.
Remember that she was kept interrupting the football game. He kept turning the sound up real out.
So nobody can hear what they were saying. Oh, you got that so loud you're going to go deaf here. Here's a tray.
Bill Bowers, chairman of the Senate committee. He was good.
Al Lateri, Salazzo. Virgil Salazzo.
Tom Rosquie, Rocco. Yeah, let me out. I'll worry about Luca.
Let's see, Lenny the Bull Montana played. Luca Brasi died in 1992. He was an actor from a professional wrestler.
Died of a heart attack. Can't imagine why. A little bit heavy.
Others who have died connected with the movies. Mario Puzzo, author and screenwriter, of course. Carmine Coppola, composer.
It was good though. He did great music. He was not like Maria Coppola. Oh, Sophia, whatever name was.
Nino Rota, composer, wrote the Godfather music. Lorindo Elmeda, guitarist and Troy Donahue.
Oh, and that's right. Troy Donahue. That was another terrible actor in Godfather 3.
He played the... Who the hell did he play? Somebody's husband. He was awful.
He played Moral Johnson died in last year a heart attack. I didn't know that.
Troy Donahue died. Boy, he was highly overrated as far as he looked. Couldn't sing worth a cramp.
Who did he play? Somebody's husband there. Troy Donahue. Godfather 3.
Come on, get with it. I've only seen very little Godfather 3.
And why is that? And why is that just because George Hamilton sucked in it?
And also, a couple of other people didn't belong in the movie. Like Sophia Coppola with their big schnauz.
I've heard a lot of people say that. I mean, the first two are so great. I don't know how long it will be.
No, no, no, no. Okay. So in other words, you don't want to see the part about where the Pope gets the least cup of tea?
Well, maybe I got to see it then. Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello. I'm calling about the pregnant pig ennunement.
Did you know about that? The pregnant pig ennunement?
Yes. There's a constitutional amendment.
Doesn't have to do with Rosie O'Donnell?
It may. It's actually on the ballot for Tuesday that they're trying to...
The pregnant pig ennunement?
Yes. There's a pregnant pig ennunement.
I'm very confused as to where this came from.
Does anyone there know why we're at the end?
Dan Rosie does live down here, don't you?
And she and her gal pal keep inciting each other and have it all these babies. So maybe that's what it's all about.
Yeah. Well, the pregnant pig ennunement, I think, is to allow the pigs to move around freely while they're pregnant.
I see. Well, I'm off for that. I'm off for that because I'm happy with the pig ennunement.
I was just wondering if you've heard anything about where the pig ennunement is.
Well, no, but I'm sure this audience will fill us in.
Oh, good. Have a long day listening to find out.
Okay. See ya. I'm sure it's got to do with Rosie.
5-6705-660 or maybe Miriam Elephant.
How's Maddo and Miriam? How's she doing?
Thank you.
Our good friend Miriam up there in Broward County for you.
You're sick, buddy. You're sick.
Say hi to good old mama.
Here's a curl springs. Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Pretty good.
You got a hand at the other day though.
She gave you plenty of talk about, skill plenty of times.
Right. I mean, that she did.
I got an idea for your poll for one day.
Maybe you've already done it.
But I would give a list of about three or four things that people do when Hank has Vino on.
Uh-huh.
What you do with the station, you turn it off.
Yes. Yes.
Some plays out.
You don't have to go any further than choice number one.
Well, I know.
But it would just be interesting.
Okay.
I've turned that thing as quick as I can.
Yeah.
I mean, when Vino, when Vino Cook was talking about what a good job Duffy Duffy is doing,
coach and Michigan State, who couldn't want to f**king him.
Well, see, they're going to see their dick on my phone again.
You're not pulling us.
Bell soft is dick.
Our internet connection keeps going out.
The phone is screwing up.
You better call up Spiro, uh, uh, uh, Spiro Agnew, uh, Canton again.
There's something dicking around with our phone system here, man.
You're not fooling me.
They're up there climbing on the pole again.
Uh-huh.
See the matter with Greg.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
Yeah, how's it going?
Pretty good.
When you agreed to, uh, talk to this right wing bitch, did, uh,
was it under the pre-tensor to be an interview?
No, she just called the show.
I didn't invite her to call the show.
She's been calling everybody in their brother trying to get my home phone number.
So she called in.
So, uh, I put her on hold.
We did the commercial break and I came back to see what else she wanted.
And come to find out.
I knew exactly what she wanted.
Just threw up a bunch of crap.
It's interesting how, uh, they break everything down into parties, you know.
It's easy to get her alive.
Oh, you're in a liberal.
How are you supposed to be a liberal?
No, no, I'm not.
I'm supposed to be whatever the hell I am.
I'm, uh, have opinions of my own.
One last thing when we go to the vote on Tuesday.
Yeah.
We should all vote, uh, no on most two pay.
And then, uh, that's an M-n number 18.
I'm hoping no four times.
I did, I'm out.
Okay, thank you.
Maybe that has something to do with that pregnant pig government.
I think they're side by each.
10 before one, we got the mad dog coming up at one o'clock.
The hopper is going to be on a three, B-0 at five.
You know, take a nice rest there, have a little dinner,
and then come back at six to the six to seven hour,
because Hank needs you.
And then we got the big seven o'clock, who really has no clue.
And then Eddie K from GA at 10.
And do we ever find out why we got the SPM radio overnight?
Yeah, well, I heard I'm not sure if it's true.
Uh, Joel, Mark, on vacation tonight.
What do you mean they're on vacation?
That's the word I got from the insightful.
They're on vacation?
They get a vacation?
Right?
How long have they been doing that?
It's you about a week.
They deserve it.
Mark, I mean, whatever his name is,
Joe deserves a vacation before getting married out there in Vegas.
And too bad we can't afford the $80,000 of what cost to go out there
and be there for the blessed event, you know what?
Hey, I'll tell you you can't afford to go to the lights,
because they're going to save you a lot of money.
Delights of West Boka, your sugar-free low carb,
Atkins Dive Super Store.
They got it all.
All the Atkins products at 25% off today,
tomorrow, next, took us every day of your life.
And they got a great new selection of low carb cookies,
not just in one flavor, but 14 different,
different, different, mouthwatering flavors from three different bakers.
They are sensational.
Try the chocolate, chocolate chip, peanut butter, lemon,
coconut, all sugar-free low carb.
You can stop by lighting sample any of their products,
including these before you buy them.
And they also have got that new low carb bread called
Sinfully Low Carb Bread.
Just spread some of that new La Nuba jam on it,
and you'll be jamming it.
And don't forget, as your official Atkins Dive Retail Center,
Delights of West Boka, like I said,
sells every Atkins brand product at 25% off every day
of your life in theirs.
And you hear the reports like that guy and the guy on Channel 4 News
and that thing, they'd lost 30 pounds in a month,
and you can do the same with Atkins.
Delights of West Boka's got a friend announceable staff
lead you down the path that would help open 10-010 every day
right there in the corner of Glades in 441 in prestigious Boka.
And you know who lives in Boka.
And I picked the bad date of quitsnith and gloom.
I won 877 Low Carb as the toll free number to call.
1877 Low Carb or Ciam on the Web,
if you like it, lowcarb.com,
Delights of West Boka, your official Atkins Retail Superstore.
My, my, and local,
6th, sports radio 560,
UA, UA.
My junior, honey.
Oh, that has roly-peas go away.
Find a new way to attack up a big low home
and eat your whole homes.
Till you explode,
just like your fat fat churned in ladies,
happy by two seats on a plane,
spelling your fingers that a yellow stain from sea toes.
Can see your toes.
Faster, picky, who knows?
How could be practice gusting and tasty,
oh, you make the suret in women's smile.
They like a cow's spandid sassy,
think smelly, fat story pulse of a mile.
Your body cheese smells like a grapple.
Ampular, it was occupied by head,
has learned to chew on to get into your car.
Bush your jubilant m-wide.
I can squeal, I can squeal, I can squeal fat lady.
Living with your lover less mean,
or slaver and its daughter the tree
between her knee,
nashmoteato yeast.
Smells fishy to me.
Happened to put tuna that's moist and tasty,
pay.
I wouldn't be surprised Heather calls back and says,
yeah, but you say you're gay and you're picking on poor Rosie.
See, there's another point for you.
We don't care what else she is besides fat obnoxious and disgusting.
And we found out what that pregnant pigmem was all about.
Rosie couldn't get the gay adoption thing on a ballot this year,
so she settled for a second best pregnant pig's around the year.
Here's a good fact.
You'd better stop playing that condolese a bit.
We here in Texas not to mention the folks in Wyoming, Arizona,
New Mexico, Utah, and Colorado don't like it.
Where would that bitch from New York on this one?
After all the constitution says nothing about free speech,
all it says we all get lots of guns and the please try and see the
air of your ways and join us God bless.
Excellent.
Here's the information we'd be looking for, Troy Donahue.
I didn't realize he died, you know what?
Well, a lot of these people just, when you're not even looking.
Not that I care.
Troy Donahue played Connie's boyfriend in Godfather 2.
Because remember in a carlo in Godfather 1?
Won't see him no more.
Oh, hi Clemence.
Remember, oh fat Clemence was sitting in a back seat with leaf Garrett.
Well, not leaf Garrett, just a Garrett.
That was beautiful.
Yeah, that's your punishment.
You're out of the family.
You're going to Vegas.
He actually had the plane tickets.
He looks at it.
Yeah, there are plane tickets.
That's one thing I loved about that movie,
all those details that they would get.
There are many last details.
I had the plane tickets.
Of course he didn't look closer.
I wasn't his name on him, okay?
It was probably more green.
Oh, hi Clemence.
576 votes.
Which of these words do you think is the most offensive?
And this all, of course, coming from that big brujaha,
over the big CD and a whole song in a dance.
And this website and that website and then of course,
our good friend Heather over there at Fox News
who needs a brain transplant.
Please find her one.
Not to mention being a lion, devious bitch that calls up here
and tells all kinds of tales like to try to get my home number.
Over my dead body, you're getting my home number, bitch.
I'll tell you what, we'll give you my home number
after you give out Bill O'Reilly's home number on a year.
And also who else have they got on there?
Sean Hannity and Holmes and Sherlock Holmes and Holmes
and all those people.
And yours too, by the way.
Oh, let's give Heather's phone number on a year too.
So she can talk to some of her good friends out there
who are really upset.
576 votes on which word do you think is the most offensive?
None of the above are just words 365.
63.3%.
Just words.
Forget about it.
Nigger 143 said that's the most defensive of them all.
And it of the other ones it was by far.
Kike 30.
You hear it, Kike?
Oi!
Oh, we didn't put Mocky bastard on there
where there are a lot of ones we left out.
Like Muley.
Spook.
Faggot 18.
Spick.
Which look kind of like Spook.
Oh, you notice how some words go together like Spowe and Spook
and Spick and Spook.
Right?
Spick and Span, Spick and Spook.
Gotta ring to it.
Spicks of 10 and Wop 10.
Didn't put greasers on there or dagos.
So that's pretty much gotta do it for us.
We will replay that thing tomorrow at like 20 or 30 times.
And then we'll have Bino on for a little while.
And then what's wrong with that?
And then we'll have the Michigan State Coach Stuffie Dirty
and Woody Hayes of Ohio State.
We'll be all on here together with Bino.
And reminisce about last week's game.
Bye, bye, bye!
Send me a watchy show on 516.
The link you am.
Miami for learning.
Oi!
