Now, the Neil Rogers show on 560 WQAM.
It's Friday, you bastard.
You and this modder happy place.
Oh no! It's a goddamn crappy place.
Here.
Where everybody hates.
The sight of your face, you and this modder happy place.
No. It's a stinkin' thing disgrace.
You and this modder happy place.
God worshipers who love OJ.
Backstaffing reprobeats.
The equipment always breaks.
It's a hot and smarty place.
You and this modder happy place.
A real depressing place.
You and this modder happy place.
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
Yeah, what the hell do you know anyway, huh?
Mr. Big Shot.
I know one at 560.
We'll get 10 minute minute.
Oh, Mike Disney.
Old Diz.
And by the way, PD Lenny, don't come running in there ever again.
And tell us how to call Mike Disney and put him on a ear.
You idiot, you scumbag, you simple-dun you.
God.
So I'm back, but you know, can you hear it?
How does it sound?
It sounds great.
Sounds fine.
No. It does.
Actually, this is quicker than usual for me.
But this was definitely an airplane-induced.
You know, you sit on an airplane and then a close space,
especially on a trip for like a long time, for like seven, eight hours,
going across the pond.
And they keep recirculating that crappy air.
And every time somebody coughs or coughs or does anything in air,
like you're breathing all of that in.
Right.
And I can't tell you that a number of times I've come back from plane trips.
And then you start thinking, well, I was the allergies in Toronto,
was the allergies in Miami.
It's gotten nothing to do with allergies to that.
It's got to do with allergies to the craft that you're breathing in
on those goddamn airplanes.
Which, you know, I mean, everybody likes a little head,
but nobody likes a little head cold.
And this was not a big one.
And cool, either.
It was, you know, on a scale of seven, I give it about a three and a half.
But I'm going to play a lot of stuff today and make no mistake about that.
And thank God we don't have a day.
A day.
I still can't get over what I heard most say there.
A day of fill-ins today.
Oh, boy.
He really has a sense of eoverdacity.
And I hold my discipline too.
I enjoy coughing when I got like all that flim in my throat.
It's great.
It's a good feeling.
725 votes.
I'm George's marginal pool yesterday.
That's not too bad.
That's pretty good total.
I'll take it.
Especially for this pool.
Fan and of course George left out a word.
See, the pool would have been much more significant and maybe would have had like 10 or 20 more votes.
The pool should have said, fantasizing about sex with identical twins is,
and then with the choices.
Well, I knew what I meant.
Well, you knew what you meant, but the audience had a bunch of psychics out there.
And not a bunch of misclos.
Although probably a more legitimate, certainly the Jonathan Edward.
Fan and of sex with twins which George met identical twins.
Because twins could be like one boy and one girl for example.
Once you mentioned it, yeah.
And I don't think either one of us wants to have sex with the twins one boy and one girl.
No, thank you.
Although depending on what they look like, you can always shove the one you don't want off the side of the bed.
Maybe right over on the floor.
Anyway, great.
Everyone has that fantasy.
That's what I voted.
64.1% 465.
And no, I did not hear any of George's show yesterday, but I did check out the pool.
Because I figured, well, at least it will be something for my mother to talk about again.
He's talking about sex again.
That's all he talks about.
Yeah.
As a matter of fact, you were listening about sex with mom.
Yeah.
And that's a good pool.
How about sex with mom?
That would be a good pool to take someday.
Next time George does the show.
It's okay, Fan.
And see, I don't understand.
Fanatizing about sex with twins is okay for into that sort of thing.
209.28.8%.
I perverted discussing a moral thing.
51 people, 7% said that.
Just to be negative, just to be hostile.
I mean, what's wrong with fantasizing about anything?
When you come right down to it.
Nobody ever went to jail for fantasizing unless we have the thought police and John Ascroff would like to have those.
Maybe we'll have them someday.
By the way, the Justice Department is investigating the FBI right on the heels of the FBI getting all those new powers.
And they'll present that they're saying the FBI, the ones who screwed up as if we didn't know that.
But somebody's got to not there.
We're pointing to the finger of blaming one.
Somebody's got to take the rap and then deservedly so.
So that's a result of George's pull from yesterday.
Not all that throwing.
I mean, it was okay.
Like I said, it was pretty good, George.
Thanks.
Thank God we don't have a bunch of fillings today.
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
Yeah, we'll get to you.
Okay, Mr. Hot Shot.
Go puking a waist-pastage.
Good again.
Get out of my face.
I still, to this day, I can't get over the fact that you allow PD Lenny to suck you in.
Comes in there breathlessly.
Gets George the call.
Well, what do you do?
Just give you a number.
I don't know if I've got that Mike was trying desperately to get through.
And I thought that maybe there was something, some bombshell or something.
Well, you know, we have this lawsuit ongoing.
Another one of our stupid beastly broadcasting lawsuits.
Because Greg's got thin skin.
And every time somebody does something that pisses him off or takes away some of our listeners.
Or even the threat of taking away our listeners right away, it's lawsuit time.
Like the thing with the fan is the fan still on the air.
Anybody here in the fan these days in English?
Huh?
No.
I didn't think so.
I'm surprised he hasn't sued INZ yet.
There.
And I, that's another thing I can't get over.
Maybe that's why I got this among in my throat.
Although the good news is it's gone from dark green till I kind of a,
what do you call a green and yellow?
What would you call that?
Green and yellow?
Oh, like lime.
No, not lime.
It's gone to that green as yellow as your much lighter shade, which is always a good sign of lighter shade of pale.
A few.
And by the way, Ma, I didn't say anything about puking on here.
This woman, man, no matter what I say on here, she takes it and manipulates it and talks to other people,
which always gets back to me.
Oh, he was so sick, he was puking, he's always running around all over the world.
Oh, go get the animal back out, honey, get out of my face.
Here's our poll for today, and this one it seems to me has got some, many possibilities.
Which great looking celebrity has or in parentheses had?
Because some of them might not be famous anymore.
And some might be dead like one on my list.
Which great looking celebrity has or had the least talent?
That's good.
Here's my, here's my list so far.
Brad Pitt.
And I don't care what anybody says.
He's got to be one of the worst actors of modern time.
Think of all the stiff movies he's been in.
Think of that.
What's in the box?
I mean, he's just my softball.
That was a horrible performance.
He's bad.
I like it.
Marilyn Monroe.
Now, during her time, people said that Marilyn Monroe was a great actress, but I don't know.
Who said Bob?
Robert Wagner.
She was touted as being a great actress, even though she had the same kind of a,
a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a
a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a
a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a
a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a
a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a
a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a
a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a
a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a
whereound watching
No, you're assuming that I might take it
Oh, it's on five. Hello
Now there's nobody under anyone
Sylvester single mother was said she needed the job to pay a monthly $400 tuition initially refused to quit the strip club
But Relented so her daughter could finish the year at the school some 90 miles from San Francisco
Since then Sylvester is now working at a local radio station
Has received numerous job offers including one from playboy, which this week published a photo spread
She was spreading it. Sylvester said she flew to Chicago last week to post for the photos for an undisclosed sum
Before all of this happened I was extremely interested in posing Sylvester and an interview posted on the playboy website
I have the utmost respect for the entire company and I believe posing for playboys the American dream for a woman
But officials at the church part of the 4,000-member capital Christian Center and one of the largest assemblies
Who got churches in the country saw things a bit differently?
Pastor Rick Cole told the San Francisco Chronicle on Thursday that he was disappointed
Sovisa again violated agreement. She had signed but her center daughter would be allowed to finish school
This is a big disappointment and a big setback from the path we appear to be on Cole pulled the newspapers after an audition
She knows full well what she's doing and understands its country
To what we had agreed to and he wants to know when he's getting his pictures from minutes after 9 at 5.60 Q.A.M
Let's just set the record straight on mattress delivery policies only dollar mattress 1 800 mattress delivers on the day and time
You want within any to our window from 8 o'clock in the morning until 10 a.m. As soon as two hours from when you make the call
Let me say it again just so you get this straight in your mind only dollar mattress 1 800 mattress delivers on the day and time
You want from 8 in the morning until 10 a night as soon as two hours after you make you call every day seven days a week even Saturday and Sunday
They in evening and the son of the woods to make a long story short whenever it really is convenient for you
The next best service available only delivers Tuesday through Saturday in a four hour window
And they choose the window and don't even tell you which four hours until they call you the night before
Stinking service right if you want great service great selection and prices
Unbeatable do what I always do when I need a brand new name brand mattress call our friends a dial a mattress any time
You're in a mood 24 hours a day seven days a week choose the silly service Simmons or King Coral that you really wanted a great
Low price and then choose when you want them knock on on your door and stuff it in there for you the mattress to call down a mattress today
Toilfree 1 800 mattress 1 800 MATT RES or
No
portion of this program with a reproduced without
A spray and permission of WQAM busy broadcast group incorporated neon
So I panic that heard that rejoin and of course now we're doing this funky thing
We're playing a spot on tape because I have no voice and I panic and played a bit
That's what I was thinking
That's
The ocean floor in a Russian submarine
We are
In the Russians of marine
Russians of marine
Russians of marine
We are
Russians of marine
Russians of marine
Russians of marine as we
Like
The waves with big
A motor and the cake
Here's a motherland and play
All died in the Russians of marine
Russians of marine
Russians of marine
We are all died in the Russians of marine
Russians of marine
Russians of marine
Russians of marine
Russian, Russian, Russian
The allosing power coaster
There we have the power
Not yet, but I again
The Russian cars
Be sabotaged by who said swear
There is nothing more
Nothing more that we can do
Nothing more that we can do
As our comrades
The all-ter blue
We are in the blue
We are dead
We cannot breathe
In the Russians of marine
Russian of marine
We are all died in the Russians of marine
Russian of marine
We are all died in the Russians of marine
Russian football -,
KN from 2019 in 650
.
,
Thanks to the
paper? Crap.
Well, moment, please.
Yeah, look into paper and see what the attendance was at the
software baseball team, where they got pounded by the
Reds again last night over there at P.P. Park.
I'm just curious.
Now, did it rain in their last night or what?
Because I noticed the weather's been a little unsettled
and best.
Not significantly.
Oh, because I'm looking for a convenient excuse before my
gal gives me the number.
Anyway, I think our pool, you didn't have any more
suggestions for the pool, did you?
I was wondering if we were going to put any more modern
people on there, like Ben Affleck, people like that.
Ben Affleck would be fine.
Damon, maybe.
I don't know.
You know, you got to tell me if he's good looking or not.
Yeah, he's okay, Matt Damon.
Every time I see him, he looks a little bit better, you know?
Matt Damon, Ben Affleck.
Those are two good ones.
But we haven't had any suggestions from the audience.
No.
On the facts.
Or on the phone, of course, we're not taking any calls.
Miguel, sure, is all of them want to start that business
answering the phone.
That's a pretty good start for the pool.
And if you have any others, you can fax in 305, 650198.
Which great looking celebrity has or had the least talent.
We have to put the head in parentheses because if they're dead,
Brad Pitt, Marilyn Monroe, Robert Wagner, Tab Hunter, Fabian, Jennifer Lopez,
Brittany Spears, Rackel Welch, Frankie Avalon, James Dean, Ben Affleck, or Matt Damon.
Although, how could you say that Matt, Ben Affleck and Matt Damon have the least talent?
You don't think they're good actors?
Not really, no.
I think they're flat.
But I know somebody that's supposed to be great looking, highly touted and has zero
negative talent.
And who is that?
Keanu Reeves.
Oh, yeah, he'd be good for the list.
Even though he makes me sick to my stomach.
Although, he's been in a couple of good movies.
He played that, but he played that ass murder in that one movie.
Right, but he wasn't good.
And whilst was in that movie that they wound up killing him on a rooftop,
he was trying to burn the Broadway.
Don't you remember the movie I'm talking about?
No.
Oh.
Anyway, here's the big story in City Link magazine.
No DJ changed their life.
I'm not really sure I know what that's supposed to mean.
Why is that the headline on this story?
Even though I don't have any.
DJ changed my life as an old song.
Oh.
Newcomer Party 93 Rages War with Power 96 over who has the most danceable music.
Now as Clarence or anybody in the building that might have these numbers, because the
trends came in yesterday.
And in spite of my predictions of Gloom and Doom, we continued astonishing the experts
shocking, especially on a show.
I don't want to to my own horn, but.
We're number one, David!
And actually went up, even though we dropped off that huge January and expectations were
well with all the problems that Greg Regreed's inflicted on us with a lack of promotion
in the general internal upheaval.
How could we possibly continue this amazing run?
You know what I mean?
The ones that you wanted number wise will get somebody to get it to us.
Yeah, I'd like to see the 18 to 34 persons number overall.
Not by day part, just the overall one Monday through Sunday, 6th to midnight.
So I can have, you know, make some judgment before I start spouting off too much about,
because it looks to me based on the other ones I'm getting.
I didn't get the 18 to 34 cent up here because those numbers have no, that's not our audience
anyway.
Anything else, or do you have everything else?
I have everything else.
And I'd like to point out by the way that, and I've said this before, 18 to 34, your
male audience is the, and it probably all teens, especially, but forgetting about them,
is the most fickle of all the audiences.
In other words, the most changeable, something new comes along, radio, smegma, party radio,
and right away they're switching over.
They switch it a lot.
But based on what I'm seeing here in the other demographics, party has kind of leveled
off and is now, you know, they had that big thrust in the beginning, and then all of
a sudden it's, in fact, smegma, it seems to me, lasted a lot longer than this is last.
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
Because they had a couple of big months in there, like in February and March, after they
debuted in January after TMI went off here, and all those classical music people were
bitching and carrying on and screaming and hollering and going nuts.
I want my music like a bunch of little grown children.
Like a bunch of people that couldn't go out and get a CD player by their own great CDs
or pop their CDs in a car, listen to it.
I still don't understand that.
Do you?
Never will.
If there's a kind of music, I can understand.
I'll say it again at the risk of being repetitive, but when you're talking four hours
every goddamn day, at least 10 weeks a year, you're going to repeat yourself.
And I've said it before, I'll say it again right now, damn it.
And that is that if you're going to take a talk show off here, if you're going to take
a personality off here, that's something because people can't replace that by popping CDs
or cassettes in their car in their house.
But a particular kind of music, my God, where there were like, these people are like in
the dark ages, what are they thinking about?
They're thinking they might have to go out and buy some CDs or things.
Oh, well excuse me.
Let me tell you right now, you're not going to get a good music, listen to the South Florida
radio anyway.
That's my opinion.
I like this.
You could go to the bank on that.
You're not going to hear any good music listening to your radio in South Florida FM.
It's South Florida is the worst in the history of mankind.
That's my opinion.
I like this.
So I mean, if you're expecting to turn on your radio in a car, even in a house on your
expensive stereo on your little Sony Walkman, and here's some good music that you might
actually want to hear again, forget about it because South Florida is a music cesspool.
What was that?
Oh, that was some party music.
Oh, from that commercial.
I do have the roots still here, but I'm not going to play it to them.
I'm sick of the root already, enough with the root.
And by the way, Disney, I could have brought you back a lot of good stuff from Amsterdam.
Music you be playing it about six months to a year, but I'm not giving you nothing, okay?
Because go, go puking a waist basket.
You watch next month, they're next trend.
It's going to be like on the road down and power.
I'm not going to defend power.
It's like defending the defenseless.
But anyway, can I read this article or not?
Okay.
Pretty lengthy.
And with his damn throat, I got, I see I always say I'm going to play a lot of bits and
then I went up talking and just tear my throat up, but then I have the whole weekend to heal
it up and the throat too.
No DJ changed their life, right?
It's Dave Warm in Shitty Link magazine.
Newcomer Party 93 Rages War with Power 96 over who has the most danceable music.
And then it goes into the thing about the lawsuit that Greg Reed and Beasley filed against
the Cox and Party.
And you look, I'm not a party to it if you're part of that expression.
I'm not involved.
I don't represent this company.
And so I just express my own opinions.
And I don't want to like peon, Greg Reed's parade any more than usual.
But it seems to me as usual, maybe I shouldn't say this, you know, because it involves pending
litigation.
And you'd be the last one to comment on that.
But it just seems ridiculous.
I mean, because we get bent out of shape because they're picking on us and we're going
to sue them.
You know, pick on us all you want.
Like, I and Z even says in the article about that.
Well, I'll read the article in a second after we do the break because it's too long.
And I don't want to interrupt it.
Very important because the fact of the matter is nobody out there reads you to link magazine
to a first place.
And Eric, you can go ahead and put that pool up now because it's obvious we're not going
to get any more selections on this from the audience from our fine involved audience out
there.
Do you think?
I don't think.
Maybe here's one on two.
Hello.
Oh, I sure have missed that.
You know, and by the way, Tom Jicca, I'm glad I punched that line up just for you, little
Tommy, who was writing all of that crap about, well, Leo Rogers now would have to phone
calls and take it up all that time reading newspaper magazine articles that he could be
using, carping about the South Florida scene and carping about this and carping on that
and not taking those wonderful phone calls just like the one that I just gave you there,
for example.
Hey, Tom, stick it, baby.
I would know a radio if they stuck it way up in there beneath your colon, okay?
926 at your happy station 560 QAM.
Here's some great news for South Florida.
Fast train announces the opening of its brand new campus in Kendall.
If you're considering a brand new high-paying career, there is no time like now to check
this out called fast train 866 fast train.
Fast trains new campus is located right across from my media community, Collins Kendall campus.
Microsoft certified instructors are waiting for you there.
There are no payments for a four year.
That feels waiting for you too.
There's a full-time job placement staff that got convenient day-night at weekend classes
and now for you a brand new Kendall campus.
Call fast train at that toll free number and get yourself on the road to a series occupation
to pacemaking some big bucks.
Call 866 fast train.
The aforeconvenient locations now in Dayton, Browitz of Fast Train's got a location got to
be nearby you.
Check them out on the web at fast train.com and then call at that toll free number.
1 866 fast train.
Be sure and tell them the Todd Direct tool did to call.
Fast train can have you certified and ready for that brand new career in as little as four
months.
Don't delay, pick up that phone and call fast train today at 1 866 fast train.
Don't forget there's a fact.
God, where there are no loses.
Go straight to hell.
8 days and three on sports 205 60 QAM.
Oh my God.
Well, baby tonight we could do something out of it and you can rescue body.
Rappeloma baby blues.
It'll be a delight.
And I don't care how much you weigh.
You can relax and stay all day because I'm enjoying the view.
Just like a diver under the ocean.
Sometimes I find it hard to get some air.
Oh, but sit back and enjoy the fluid motion.
Just imagine to yourself that my children's rocking chair.
Just sit on my face.
Just sit on my face.
Just sit on my face to face to face.
Just sit on my face to face to face.
Rappelix are real tight.
Like you're riding in the rodeo.
So I can hear the radio and I'll show my gratitude.
We can do it all night.
And maybe you could turn around and you could work your way on down.
And I tip my flyway down and do whatever you choose.
Just like a diver under the ocean.
Sometimes I find it hard to get some air.
Oh, but sit back and enjoy the fluid motion.
Just imagine to yourself that my children's rocking chair.
Just sit on my face.
All right.
Just sit on my face.
Okay.
Just sit on my face to face to face.
Just sit on my face to face to face to face.
932-560-WQM Happy Friday to you.
So here's the facts with two suggestions.
Sandra Bullock and Tom Cruise.
And I put them on the list because I can see where this person is coming from.
But I happen to like Sandra Bullock a lot.
And you used to like Tom Cruise until he became a total asshole.
Yeah.
He's got a bad actor.
I wouldn't call him a bad actor.
No, he was good and rainman.
He was good and what's I don't want to get to that thing a few good men again.
He was good and then for born on the 4th of July he said was good.
Yes.
Top guy.
Like I said.
So I put them on there.
Sandra Bullock and Tom Cruise.
Because the list I guess we can keep expanding it because it doesn't look like Ericsson.
And he hurry to make the list on there.
I'm not trying to be pushy because I know he's got thousands of people.
Why does he waxed them the handwritten one?
I understand that.
He's a very busy this morning.
He had a special at Burger King on those, uh, bread those croç sandwiches with bacon and cheese.
And also the guy that facts me this says, Neel, if you had a job offer in Vancouver, British Columbia, would you leave Miami?
Yes!
Yes!
He says I had that looking me in the face.
Well, I'd look right out the window and say, when do I start packing is what I would do?
You kidding me?
I've never been in Vancouver but boy, I hear it's a great place.
That's what I heard.
Very progressive, great weather.
Doesn't have the awful winners, you know.
Great radio.
Great radio?
That's why I would go there.
I'd go to listen to the radio.
Great hockey games on the CDC.
One more to help, could you want?
Even though nobody cares about hockey, I heard Mo talking about that again this morning.
And south of the border he's right about that.
US is not, it's just not hockey country.
Sorry.
And as far as these playoffs this year, the rest of them will be no interest, couldn't care less.
Anyway, can I get to this article, please?
I'm never going to get this in.
We could get this going to 11 o'clock this morning.
No DJ changed their life.
Mike Disney is relishing his role as underdog in its rather obvious it says,
where a startup says the general manager and vice president of party 93, 93.1 FM.
Where the new kid's on the block, they're the bully, he says.
Did you ever think of Kid Korea as being the bully?
Well, have you ever seen him mad?
No, not really, have you?
No.
The alleged bully to whom Disney does not, uh,
Cower is power 96, 96.5 FM South Florida's top dance station.
And the victim of a fierce marketing campaign designed by party 93 WPYM,
your derude station for the new sent millennium.
Since replacing the Arizona classical station WTMI about five months ago,
party 93 has chipped away at powers audience owing a portion of its success
to the controversial promotional campaign that's led to a $5 million slander lawsuit.
The campaign is attacked power 96 WPOW on a couple of fronts,
the least controversial of which is powers brooding rap heavy brand of dance music.
Or is one of the many testimonials on party's website calls it all that childish hip hop bro crap.
I think that's a good way to describe it, don't you?
That's what power 96 plays is a lot of childish hip hop bro crap.
I think that sums it up perfectly.
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
A party on the other hand is the musical equivalent of a Fedra, a Fedra which we looked at up this mark as neither Georgia I knew what that was.
It's a stimulant like a weed, you know, like the wicked weed. It's a stimulant like plant.
Gets you hopped up.
The station which doesn't feature on air DJs plays pure high energy dance music,
listening to it is like being trapped in a night on the at the Roxbury,
a brief sample of the station's playlist.
Vizar love triangle, new order, can't fight the moonlight Lee Ann Rhymes,
and I sell the plain Lee Ann Rhymes. I'm so sorry, the remix.
And I see right through you Albee Rich and DJ Encore.
We do play a lot of different type of music businesses,
but musical differences have become a sideline in this dispute.
What has driven power 96 to litigation is the segment of party's campaign that's taken great pleasure in reporting how many commercials power 96 airs in an hour.
The space between songs and party is typically filled with statements like,
we just caught them playing 20 commercials in a row,
or party is now committed to more and no more than six commercials per hour.
Power Who Know is they play 10, 12, 18, 20?
Power says those claims and others are false, but the truth is that taunting still might not have driven the station's hierarchy to seek legal rectification,
had party not been effective in stealing listeners.
As Disney happily notes, we're exploded out of the box.
There are not many startups like this anywhere in a country.
It's a very gratifying beginning to say the least.
I might just interject in that, this, that you're wrong about that.
Didn't Radio Smeggba do exactly the same thing like in the second month?
Exactly the same.
Exactly the same.
When zooming up there was new, well, I was old music, was old disco crap,
but it was a new format and everybody got all whipped up to shape and all the queens on South Beach got all,
it became the trendy thing and then, you know, it's down the toilet again.
And it's just proud it's own niche of old burned out people who like Casey and the Sunshine Band, you know.
And the same thing's going to happen with party, it's already begun.
Has anybody got those 18 to 34 numbers you're supposed to be faxing me or not?
We're working on it.
I see.
Speaking of numbers, it says the numbers making Disney so giddy came via Arbitron's winner audience survey released in early May.
Of course, now we have the next trend, the one for April, which kind of makes it a little less significant.
It says according to the survey, and you see you people at the city link magazine, you don't get it.
They, all these publications that don't understand our business, they always quote these 12 plus numbers.
Nobody cares about 12 plus, that's the whole audience.
Nobody cares about that number because it includes people over the age of 100.
And then they just don't get that.
Advertisers don't buy 12 plus.
People in the business don't pay an attention to 12 plus.
People that don't know what they're writing about like Dave Warmer, at city link magazine, he quotes 12 plus.
And he goes on about this, it says what these numbers tell me is that South Florida market was screaming for this type of station Disney says they're screaming for it.
And the music too.
What it apparently told Power 96, whose program director, Kid Scurvy, didn't return phone calls for this story, was to sue.
When it doubt sue, that's my opinion.
I'm like this right on April 12, Power 96 owner, Beasley weed acquisitions, they can glamour it based in Delaware.
So party 93 owner Cox radio, Anke large conglomerate based in Georgia, in date County Circuit court.
And the words of Cox's lawyers.
And I see that they've got an again, he's got this wrong too.
He's got this backwards.
It should be in the words of Beasley lawyers party through the use of the famed Torian slanderous commercials has misrepresented statements and the vertusman says represent the customer sponsors listeners and advertisers of power that power plays more commercials than they actually play that power employees tricks to get and keep their listeners that the employees that power our old tricksters which in.
I'll tell you if anybody looks like an old trickster, it's kid curry, which in fact are all fall statements.
Now, seeing here again, he's got a grotesque error, wasn't Cox's lawyer said that it was the Beasley lawyer said that what are ones that file the suit you bozo, they've not so hot, forget about Dave warm, Dave luke warm.
We have these numbers by the way, well, just send them to me, okay, the whole thing.
Just just the first page, I'm sure that power and PYM are both on the first page 18 to 34.
And if not, what are we wasting our time talking about this for?
Right? Yes, they are.
Party has misrepresented these facts in knowingly and intentionally tried to or in order to try to boost interest in their radio station in order to lure customer sponsors listeners and revenue from power says the lawsuit by Beasley.
With some fancy addition, the whole message up to more than $5 million in damages, the sum thrills Disney who steers listeners to party's website to read documents from the lawsuit.
Among the court papers posted as an affidavit from a party program director, Philip Truba, who swears, I have recordings of WPOW playing as many as 28 commercials in a one hour period.
The website's current message reads, injunction denied referring to powers attempt to have a judge stop the promotions while the lawsuit continues.
Boy, we sure our childish of Beasley aren't we?
Uh-huh, we just can't take it.
Despite his enthusiasm about the attention the suit has brought his station, Disney crafts only one statement regarding its details.
They accuse us of trying to get listeners and advertisers who says, hello, that's what we do in this business.
And I have to agree for once in my life with Mike Disney, that's what we're supposed to be doing is trying to get listeners and advertisers. That's what it's all about.
But that, but not all are in complete agreement. It's not on her job, but if not comments has Ron Rodriguez editor in chief of California based R&R online, the radio industry's largest trade publication.
It's not like you can go in any market and find one station trash talking another, but in the competitive South Florida market you can.
Another example is WYNZ, which is launched a less obvious attack on local talk league at WQAM, these league weed also owns QAM.
A Fox Sports affiliate that airs mostly national shows WYNZ uses promos to take jabs at QAM personalities and Goldberg and the O'Rongers.
The obvious difference between these promos and parties is WYNZs don't make any material claim about business practices and listeners don't seem to give a damn.
WYNZ was barely on the charts during the last rating period while WQM drew a 2.8 share again. That's 12 plus is me and we had big numbers where it counts.
They are invisible. In fact, in this latest trend, WYNZ has embarrassed the industry, cheap charity have done it fractions. They don't crack a one during any day part. Let's hear it.
Certainly, you hope in this industry the station will take the high road and rely us on its own strengths as Pete Yelana is director of the Connecticut School of Broadcasting in Davy.
How you doing Pete? If they don't, there's always the legal road, although Rodriguez Kampemar to last lawsuity came across in 15 years as editor and R&R online.
Not to say for sure it doesn't happen, but I've never heard of radio station suing another radio station over advertising claims he says.
It's yet another reason for party 93 to gloat yet another reason for Disney to relish his role as underdog is spite the fact that his boss also owns 99 jams hot 105 in a coast.
Oh, look at that. Bright yellow like neon. When you see that a competitor is vulnerable, you attack these vulnerabilities by putting out the differences between the two stations.
We're not the market leader. This is a very successful strategy says old moustache or Disney. That's my opinion. I like Disney 942 at 560 your friendly station WQ AM summer times upon you baby on days when it's not pouring cats and dogs.
It's 110 degrees in the shade and from what everybody says it's going to be brutal the summer, but only a minute is a great product that'll help you to feel your best to keep you in good health.
Help you survive the suffering soft food of summers. Only a minute is a soft gel capsule contains the best olive oil on the face of the globe.
And we all know the great things that olive oil can do for us in us on us underneath this. It contains olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and robust for all different parts of your body for your prostate for your heart for your blood pressure for your cholesterol.
All your meds also got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system. Your digestive your inner consist of your skin and bones even your mind as well. All using the benefits like I said only moments ago the best olive oil that money can buy and all your meds got products as I'm sure you know by now for men and for ladies as well.
All your meds available in Walgreens, Whole Food, Markets, Neural Pharmacy and Sedanos. If you want to get more info on your products how they work and what they be doing column toll free to answer your questions.
1-866-Oliomed. That's 866-O-L-E-O-M-E-D where you can order their products right off their website.
1-866-Oliomed. That's 866-Oliomed. That's 866-Oliomed. That's 866-Oliomed. That's 866-Oliomed. That's 866-Oliomed. That's 866-Oliomed. That's 866-Oliomed. That's 866-Oliomed. That's 866-Oliomed. That's 866-Oliomed. That's 866-Oliomed. That's 866-Oliomed. That's 866-Oliomed. That's 866-Oliomed. That's 866-Oliomed. That's 866-Oliomed. That's 866-Oliomed. That's 866-Oliomed. That's 866-Oliomed. That's 866-Oliomed. That's 866-Oliomed. That's 866-Oliomed. That's 866-Oliomed. That's 866-
Oli. Zaj De Manos the
pair lengthening and making people hurry.
SCIENT Eastland那 prazerdamand
a designer did to their TV room. Okay, you ready? Open your eyes! Oh my god! What did you do to the wall?
Ralph, we glued 10,000 cotton balls all dyed very shades of lime green and adhered them to the wall with a glue gun.
Isn't this a fabulous TV room? It's hideous! And what? Where the hell is my TV? Oh, that, that'll
fit. We had to sell that to pay for cotton balls. Budget's yours, dear. Training disgraces. It's what you
get when you let your dopey neighbors and avant-garde designers muck around in your home for two days.
And wait till you see what the hot blonde designer did to Alan and Teresa's kitchen.
Okay, take a look. What have you done to our Mahogany cabinet?
We glued on aluminum foil to give them a retro modern metallic look.
What about our refrigerator? Where's that? Well, I just didn't think that the fridge fit in with the whole kitchen concept.
Training disgraces every night, every afternoon, all day, every week on TLC.
That's a blue seven channel. Five, 60 WDQA and Blatt, I tell you everybody's stepping out over each other today.
I guess it's all me and I'm a little under the weather, isn't that a good excuse? Sure, we'll take it.
Okay, see I'm a little bit distraught also about the fact that we're not on that one day.
Whatever day that was, I guess it was Tuesday because that's today I did the show.
It sounded like we were in the same studio. Right.
And it really was a little bit too good, I guess.
And we had a little bit of a drop out there.
Now we got rid of the drop outs. We don't have that anymore.
But we have that little, I don't know, just not quite the same, you know.
No, but apparently we can't have that without the drop outs. That was the trade off.
I see. Well, nothing life is perfect.
And look at the power 96. They're here to prove it.
This is really very inconclusive.
What you just fact make is if you don't have the monthly, it doesn't mean anything.
Right? Right.
Because in the winter book, which was January, February and March,
power 96 was second in 18 to 34 persons with an 9.1 share.
EDR, by the way, kicks everybody's ass.
Because it's, you know, all the sparses put down EDR, I guess.
Or how one oh five.
What else are they going to put down? They put us down?
No. I don't think so.
EDR had a 14.1 share in the book.
The power was second with a 9.1 and PYM party radio was third with a 7.5.
In the latest trend, which is February, March and April,
EDR goes all the way up to a 14.7.
Which they're playing that grow a slammer jam, whatever the hip hop crap.
Power is second still, but down to an 8.5, down about 6.10 to a point.
And PYM also drops down from a 7.5 to a 7.4, which may not seem all that conclusive, but
all depending on what the monthly is word, looks to be like power's pipe PYM is heading
in a wrong direction. See what I'm saying? Yes.
Like they peek real fast with that stuff, which it's the kind of music you'd expect would be,
you know, make a quick splash and then, you know, like level out.
Back in the middle of the pack, I mean, how many times can you hear that it all sounds the same?
I don't care how good the songs are. I don't care how much you like them, but they all sound the same.
Y-100 went up actually, 6.1 to a 6.6.
So maybe power didn't lose because based on this, if you just look at the actual flat numbers
without the monthly's, yeah. Power didn't really lose any audience to a PYM based on this.
Maybe they lost it to Y-100 or EDR.
I don't think so. Well, it could be. I don't know. You think that the kids that listen to
Powerless need EDR, they both play rap, do they not? Well, go out on the street corner, ask.
They both play that slammer jam, a rap and a crap and whatever that stuff is.
We'll go take an instant survey. Go right out there on a corner of Ives Dairy in 441.
No, thank you. And take yourself a little pool right there by Chuck's in the sub center. How's
everybody Chuck doing? Haven't seen it lately. Well, y'all get some food from Chuck today would be a good
idea for you. Here's our schedule for today. Got the mad dog Jim Madditch at Hooters at 1 o'clock
doing a show live from there. And then at 3 we got the UM baseball team against FIU,
the originals from U of F and the beast is on his way up there right now. By the way,
beast, I heard you suck it. Zagaki's ass on the morning show this morning. You are shameless man.
I know you're really Jones and bad for that number two spot on that play by play thing.
I would say, Gaki, so you're kissing his ass, but that was just shameless.
I think even Moe was put off by that. You know, even Moe started to call Joe Coma inducing.
Have you noticed that? Nice going Moe. Yeah, he's catching on.
He said if you wanted to take a good long nap, you could do it right in the back of the car with
the beast on the way up the gains villain and you could listen to the broadcast with Zagaki.
I think Moe started to catch on in spite of all our Georgia's aggravating comments.
So anyway, we got the originals from, so Haines got the day off today. Good for him.
Then we got the pregame show for the soft photo baseball team, the professional team 630
and the game at 705 against the Metz. Boy, there should be a hell of a crowd for that tonight about two thirds of
him. Did you ever find me the attendance from yesterday's game? Miguel? 6140.
And Moe made another good point yesterday, which is shocking. And that is the WNBA.
What's the name of that team? The Dijk Basketball? You got me. Well, Miguel should know.
What? Come on, the WNBA team, the ladies basketball team. So?
On Wednesday night, they had 9,000 people. The same night, the soft photo baseball team had 7,000.
And then last night, 6,100. Is that pathetic?
Uh-huh. Or what?
Tragic. Any K after the baseball game in the dirty boys' join mark overnight.
So these ratings that came yesterday, the trends I won't bore you with them.
But the fact of the matter is that we actually went up in men 18 plus on this show
from an 8218-4, which means like in men 2554, God only knows what kind of number we could be throwing
in there, you know? And how do we do that? How could we possibly have done that since we're not
taking all those nifty calls that Tom Jicken enjoys so much? And since I'm out of touch with what's
happening inside of Florida, and I'll say it again, every single time that I talk to anybody on
the phone down there, and not even on the phone right now, I talked to Miguel and George, what's
going on down there that I'm missing? Nothing. See? That's the response. It's always the same.
Nothing. Torneidos? Yeah, like I need to be in the middle one to know that there's one going on.
I got CNN right here, and I also got the weather channel. They give us all that crap.
Oh, how can he keep in touch? How can he stay in touch from Toronto at Amsterdam? Touch this time,
you bald-headed geek, you jackass. Man, are you a silly person or what? And the other thing about
well, he's ready. If I read any articles today, I didn't read the one from ShittyLink. If I had more
of a voice, I would read a whole bunch of other ones, which I got a pile here, and I probably will have
to get to. Oh, look at that. Eric put down the breakfast burrito after I embarrassed him. He had
breakfast burrito on one hand, and they cross sandwiched with bacon and cheese, no egg in the other hand.
And with his nose, he pecked out the information on the website. Nice going, Eric.
The nose nose. What's the, he's got two question marks there at the end. How I see you didn't know the
last two? Sandra J. Bullock in the Tom Cruise. Isn't that what he's looking for? Yes, he didn't get those.
No. Okay, so he's filling it out. Now, whom I got a vote for? I don't know. This is a tough one.
I guess, uh, Brittany. Okay. That's my choice. Yeah. I mean, she looks sensational. Couldn't
sing her word of a paper sack. If you stuck a gun deep inside her, or something else, she still couldn't sing.
So that's the, Eric's getting that thing together. You can vote on Aaron, rip somebody and ask.
Which we like to do it on his show a lot, don't we? Like Joseph Gackie, for example.
Yeah, Beast, I can't really ashamed it. You, the Beast has lost about 30 pounds on balance for
life or problem for that. But a lot of our pride just, uh, vanished this morning here in him shamelessly,
suck around Joseph Gackie because he wants that. That would be like, Gellie, suck it up to, um,
the Panther organization because he wants Jake's McDonald's job doing play by play on a radio.
That would be kind of like the same thing, wouldn't it? And covering up the, the scandal that's
gone on in South Florida with that team and how they've dismembered it and dismantled it and just
debalded and declawed it to the point where it's like a laughing stock of all professional sports.
Where there's nothing left. The youngsters in the organization and all that other crap back to
that again. I was thinking the other day, now that I want to get hockey intensive because I know
that'll lose whatever audience we got left. But the fact of the matter is, can you imagine the
team that you could put together with a, just with the players that the Panther organization has
discarded in the last few years? What a team you could put together, baby. It all started team.
I just mentioned that in passing, not to be a bad guy.
Chandras murder could be sex crime DC police say. Police are investigating the possibility that
Chandra Levy was sexually assaulted before she was killed. Law enforcement sources told the
New York Post last night. The new line of inquiry is prompted by an examination of Levy's
spandex leggings that were found near her skeletal remains in Washington's Rock Creek Park last week.
Police sources said the leggings were found inside out and not at on both ends of each leg.
Because no bone matter was discovered inside the leggings, police theorized that they were
moved and used to restrain her before she died. If someone just wanted to kill her, they wouldn't
have removed the leggings said former FBI profiler Cliff Van Zant. The other working theory that you
could have with this is that they pulled up or pulled off by someone who wanted to make it look
like a sexual assault Van Zant added. The DC Medical Examiner's office which ruled earlier this
week that the 24-year-old Levy was murdered has not found any traces of blood or semen on the
former interns clothing found of the scene. Although the items are being sent to the FBI labs for
further analysis when we know the FBI don't make mistakes. Police sources said the sex
crime angle is just one theory being pursued by detective seeking to unravel the 13-month-long
mystery. Unable to explain why Levy was discovered at such a remote location in the park,
police are also looking into whether somebody she knew lured her there. Anybody in mind? Any thoughts?
A couple. Because I got news for like I said the other day, if Gary ain't involved, nobody cares.
956 at 560 QAM. Tom Laman likes it. He likes the listeners of this program. He loves this show.
He loves me. He even likes George a little bit. That's why Tom created the Neil Deal at Halette.
Save big dollars in all Pontiacs and GM seasons stock. Just mentioned you heard about it right here on
the infamous Neil Rogers show. Stop by Halette Pontiac GMC at 134-01 South Dixie Highway. That's
in the same great location they've been for 35 years right there on US-1 right across the street from
the falls where every vehicle is marked with the lowest price. But if you mention the
Neil Rogers deal, you'll save even more. Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs,
including the Envoy, voted by Motor Trenders, the SUV of the year plus. Be sure and see the
all. See I got to throw those in there because otherwise Tom feels left out. See the all-new
vibe SUV. It's got the power of a sports car at a fraction of the price. Halette's also got an
unbeatable selection of dependable quality pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs. Never a single lemon on
the lot at Halette. And if you've been turned on for credit by any other schmuck out there in
Radio Land have no fear because at Halette they'll take good care of you make sure they work out
a deal. Get the Neil Rogers deal right now at Halette Pontiac GMC. You'll find them in 134-01
South Dixie Highway. That's US-1 across from the falls open every day of your life.
Seven days a week you can call them at 305-238-4040-305-238-4040. They're unbeatable. Halette Pontiac GMC
they
It's broadcasting live from Hooters and Pembroke Pines.
It's Friday you best day. Perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language
today is the word. Out of all of the English words that begin with a letter F because the
only word that is referred to as the F word. It's the one magical word just by its sound can
describe pain, pleasure, hate and love. As most words in the English language is derived from
German the word flikken which means to strike. In English f*** falls into many grammatical
categories as a transit of verb for instance. John f*** surely. His meaning is not always sexual.
It can be used as an adjective such as John's doing all the f***ing work. As part of an adverb
surely talks too f***ing much. As an adverb enhancing an adjective surely is f***ing beautiful.
As a noun I don't give a f*** as part of a word abso f***en loosely or in f***ing credible.
And as almost every word in a sentence f*** the f***ing f***ers. As you must realize there
aren't too many words with a versatility of f*** as in these examples describing situations such as
fraud I got f***ed at the used car lot. This may all f*** it. Trouble I guess I'm really f***ed now.
Aggression don't f*** with me buddy. dismissal. Why don't you go outside and play hide and go f*** yourself.
I'm sure you can think of many more examples. Say it loudly and proudly. F*** you.
Then back at your 10-1-560 WQM happy Friday too. We got a smattering of votes the polls up there
already. Which great looking celebrity has or had the least amount of talent. Brittany is
winning hands down your pants. She's got six of the first 11 votes Fabian with one Jennifer Lopez
one Marilyn Monroe Keanu Reeves and Tom Cruise with one and nobody for anybody else but there's only
11 votes on there so far. Are we on a year by the way? I'm just asking that you know. I get to feeling
this like a dry run today. I could be wrong about that. Maybe. See if kids' fury was our good buddy
or maybe they're not really taking it so bad then they would send us over the monthly so we could
see what they really meant about the party versus power controversy going on there but then we
probably put material on the air there would like be relevant to the big lawsuit going on and we
sure wouldn't want to do that would we? No. No. We don't want to get involved and I sure as hard
to want to go to testify. Like I said in the last hour I have no opinion on it the whole thing.
I think it's a wonderful lawsuit and I have no opinion on it and good luck to all parties involved
oh soon to said party. Palm Beach Post has got a story this morning. Dices had 400,000
dollar embezzlement from the public but I attended at Palm Beach Dices they seem to be having a
special problem you know. For nearly a decade the Dices of Palm Beach failed to tell church
members and top lay leaders that a trusted financial manager embezzled $400,000 and blew some of
the money on a sport fishing boat and a Rolex watch. All right. The cover up in the early 1990s allowed
the alleged swindler Robert Chatti. Kalanda job as chief financial officer of the Jewish Community
Center. Oy! In suburban West Palm Beach which is now embezzled in a financial scandal of its own.
Former Bishop Jake Heats Simon's that's one of the epitaphos. Worked out a deal with Chatti that
called for him to quietly repay the church $200 a month a payment plan that would have spanned
more than a century. As part of the deal the Dices did not report the missing money to law
enforcement authorities. Even when Chatti stopped making payments he hasn't made one in more
than seven years church officials never called prosecutors. The deal might have remained the
secret had Chatti not fought with his former wife over child support payments. Furious at a
judge's refusal of a force or exposit husband to make a child support payments, Darlene caught
when public with the tales of his problems forcing the Dices his hand. I think they should have been
pursuing him to pay what he rightfully owes the Catholic people upon Beach Cots said they keep
lying they're hiding things they don't want the public humiliation. The revelations further stoked
discontent among local Catholic lady already incensed by the National Church's sex scandal.
Some longtime benefactors led by attorney Edward Ricci have threatened to withhold contributions
unless the church becomes more forthcoming. As a fundraiser for the Dices it's the kind of thing
that makes my hair crawl Ricci said maybe his skin too even. Even longtime church finance committee
member Phil Lewis who also chairs a special laypan looking into allegations of sexual misconduct
by local priest was disturbed by the secrecy. Honestly don't know what happened Lewis at all I know
it did happen he left I don't know if he resigned or was fired or if it was improper they should
have told us the church must quit keeping such news from the public Louis said by choosing to cover
up the incident the Dices allowed Shady to get jobs with the Jewish Federation of Palm Beach
County and at the JCC 31-51 North Military Trail. Now the little cover up there in Palm Beach
or a scandal a day keeps their credibility away I guess is the best way to put it.
What?
Whitney's got 11 Fabians got three see the probably a lot of names on his pool today old yeah
yeah but the fact of the matter is that back in those days there were a lot of people
uh maybe Elves should have been on list what do you think Miguel suggested that
well why didn't he suggested down the year so I could have heard it I don't know I told him hey say
that on the air don't you think Elves should belong on here yeah let's put Elves on here come on
Elves Pressley I'm not saying that he didn't have talent that would be getting a little bit
curated away I can't really make up my mind about him just like I can't make up my mind about
the early Beatles music now I have made up my mind they had sucked but you got to take it in context
what does that mean it was way better than anything else around at the time that all
it was not well it was better than the Beach Boys okay it was better than Motel it was better than
you got me uh huh it was on see I played I played those songs on the air Mr. Music
expert and the fact of the matter is that the early Beatles songs like please please me and oh
see I have it a real possibility all that stupid crap that was going on around that from from
me to you that was horrible stuff I mean that was bad bad music they go later on it's not very
debatable that they made tons of great music I don't I don't love that but the early Beatles
music was just pure dreck garbage which I guess it was a good attention getter and made them
famous and made them in demand but boy it was it was crap warnings about missiles this from
news day I'm gonna have to start playing a lot of bits like our threatened to because today is um
even though I got like more voice today it's to flim come back up they see a coffin chocolate
purple jackpot
love it hey don't kid yourself the audience loves this they like it's the SNM crowd they enjoy
here in my misery although I feel pretty good I just got this crap in my throat anybody ever have
any crap in your throat uh huh the FBI's warning police of course the FBI now is on such
un-the-defensive they're warning about like birds crap and from the sky and it could be like a
a terrorist attack the FBI's warning police to be on a lookout for a possible attack against
US commercial airliners by terrorist wielding surface to wear missiles even though the veer will
emphasize it has no specific threat of such an attack have you heard this one I'm listening
also getting the monthlies oh you are getting the monthlies thank you man that's gonna be pretty
revealing Mr. Disney that could be a little more because it looks to me I could be wrong but at first
blush it looks to be like they already shot their load in the first couple of months and now
like back that's my opinion I'm like Disney on the road of mediocrity there and he's full of crap
about this uh very rarely happens it always happens with some new revolutionary a packaged music
format like that as soon as it hits a different market it goes through the roof at a beginning for
a usually longer than this and then it starts to come right back there with real fast adding to
recent warnings that transit systems of apartment buildings in New York City landmarks could be
terror targets government officials now as they believe how cut operatives may have access to
shoulder fired missiles powerful enough to knock a commercial jet out of the sky mainly during
takeoff or landing the FBI issued a warning after discovery of a spent Russian-made surface to
wear a missile firing tube near the runway of a key US airbase in Saudi Arabia about a month ago
an indication someone apparently targeted a US military plane there the front cap of the tube
remained intact but the back end was charred making it unclear for missile was fired in the
system malfunction the Pentagon said none of its pilots had been assaulting their base reported
coming under fire recent weeks so in other words it's just more hoax focus and covering their ass
so what are the monthly's look on number one wedr number two power well wait a minute you got
to break it down are you going to fax this to me so I can actually look at it it should be in your
hand right now well it's not it's not done anything it says while we're waiting for that fax to
cross the wire folks written these got 12 canner reefs five Fabian for Jennifer Lopez 3 Ben Affleck
and Rick Helwell so I can't I don't know how you say that about Ben Affleck you don't think he's a good
actor he's fine he's just a little flat nothing great nothing dramatic about him he just kind of
is there he's also not that good looking I mean he looks okay I wouldn't mind looking like him but
he's not he's not spectacular his performance and his look to me is just generic in other words
you should be able to relate to him kind of bland is the way looking for exactly bland like George
okay here's the uh oh look at this this very well I've never had one of these that looked like
this before we ever seen one that looked like this no these are the ones that we get from Tanner
I see in other words this is the inside stuff yeah okay let's see March oh here we are
well where the hell are they power in January they had a 10.4 share what demos is 18 to 34
person yeah right February 93 March a 7.0 but an April back up to a 9.2 like I said see yep
okay is this is annoying on the ears it is to me doing it no it's fun oh I don't see where
party radio is on here he why here is fourth here it is they had a 6.2 in January and 8.9 in
February a 7.2 in March and down to a 6.2 in April so it looks like the slide is already
beginning that's my opinion I'm like Disney see what I'm saying they're on the downside of the hump
that's right they they peeked there in February it was a big new innovative thing
and they carried it over even though they dropped the point more than a point and a half in March
so for between February and March they've dropped almost three points with their big party
smarty party uh hardy uh you know all sound in the same music and don't get me wrong I like some
of that music but you've had it Disney I think you're you know and as far as all the you know
the shock of well attacking power in your plane all these spots I think that we're off already
you know it was a novel thing in the beginning if anything I think it helped power yeah people are
turning into they're actually sitting there and listening for an entire hour so they can count
the spots right oh you lied Disney they only played 14 spots this hour not 20 you lied the only
played 12 not the 18 so that's a good idea for all you music people out there they don't listen
to us religiously for hours every day which pisses me off by the way but if you don't and you
can turn on power and listen for an entire hour at a time instead of pushing buttons and count
the spots an hour of power an hour foot on an L and Kaplan's game nights week nights and 10 on
sports radio 560 QAM hey baby I'm gonna use you as a sex toy
alright tell me right you love my eyes
but I know what you keep on checking up my eyes don't play new Chris I'm very good
check out my breasts they're poking my mouth I'm setting you you come on to me and rest for things in my
ear and it sounds so but if you want to take me slow there's things about me I don't think you know
I'm underage 17 you should make get a name because you could go to jail if you see when
me you're a friend you live a prison in she looks 25 but she's just a team perfect
I've been my last three daddy call the cops last night my rest are perfect to me because I've had surgery
finding the king芒淫色
my butt just think about my show
Shit make a pie
You should be stand up for her.
Yeah.
And then rolling, slow spread, made her look dynamite.
What a sight.
She's looking right by.
She looks 25, but she's just it.
I mean, this may come as a shock, but I was just thinking about Britney's breasts, which, you know, that shouldn't be.
It shouldn't inspire me, but I keep thinking about that picture that you can't see,
because you don't have this week's inquire or the June 4th issue, which I don't want to rub it in, but believe me.
And that's she's not naked or anything in there, but I mean, you can see enough that it's, um,
totally good.
So I'm going to change the pool already.
All right.
Have I ever changed the pool this fast before I don't think so?
For Eric, he's probably really porked off.
Now, in fact, he probably went out to brunch.
Don't say porked off.
Which should wait looking.
Here's the end of the pool from, uh, already this morning.
Great looking celebrity has or had the least amount of talent.
Britney wins hands down your pants.
You wish 22.
Boy, I'm farting so bad here.
You have no idea.
If you ever noticed that when you have like the flu or a cold or you like ill and a little bit,
yes, that's when you cut the worst.
I mean, the rank is that I don't want to get to go test care on the air, but it's, it's grossing me out.
Okay.
God.
Britney 22, Kiano Reeves 10, Fabian 7, Marilyn Monroe 6,
Rack-Hell-Walsh and Jennifer Lopez 4, a piece, Brad Pitt and Ben Affleck 3, a piece,
Tom Cruise a pair, Robert Wagner 1, Frankie Avalon 1, James Dean 1, Mad Damon 1,
and, uh, Zeddit?
No.
Tab Hunter None and Sandra J. Bullock None.
I was press-lead-on.
See, Elvis wasn't going to get none.
Nobody thinks he didn't have any talent.
Why'd you put that on, Nurmagell?
Wait, wait, wait, did you hear it?
Wait till you hear this pool.
I think I may have just hit the jackpot.
And this one is, oh, also, here's a, a fact from Rich and Del Rey.
Would you please read the article from the Palm Beach Post about the radio talk show host,
who defended himself in court against one of his callers?
I got that right here as a matter of fact.
Rich, don't get pushy.
I'll get to it about Dickey Farcold.
Did you see this?
No, I did not.
Is that the reason being?
You know, amazingly enough, I'm always poo-pooing the Palm Beach Post.
A lot of peas in that.
Poo-pooed the Palm Beach Post, but the fact of the matter is there are a lot of stories like that.
One about that $400,000 theft that was covered up.
And they helped the guy get jobs, and he was paying it back like 15 cents a year for the rest of his life.
Final lot of things in the Palm Beach Post that you won't find in the other two crap rags down there in South Florida.
So I just mentioned that.
Not that we want to salute the Palm Beach Post because they're owned by COX.
Does that tell you everything you need to know?
Mm-hmm.
Because one thing, just like the Atlanta Ural Constitution, if it's owned by COX, it's probably a pretty crap.
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
Anywhere, we'll get to it in a second, Rich. Come down.
Now here, how do you like this pool?
I don't think we've ever done this before.
Maybe you have, because you're so perverted and sick of disgusting, and sexually oriented.
Which of these couples would you pay $100 to see in a sex flick?
That's a good one, and no, we have not done that.
And you know the first one I got here?
Britain, Justin?
Not Justin.
No, this is a fantasy thing.
Oh, we could not see any of these people in the size of ball.
Britney Spears and Tom Welling.
All right.
And the name of the movie could be super f-f-f-k.
Don't you think that would be great?
I'd pay $100.
I'd pay a lot more than that.
It'd be a super flick.
I guarantee you that.
Man, how are you praising it again?
Rich, which of these couples would you pay $100 to see in a sex flick?
Britney Spears and Tom Welling.
And I'll leave the rest of them all up to you folks.
But I think that's a great start.
It's going to be hard. It's going to be very hard.
In fact, it's getting a little bit hard already, even in my ill condition.
Just to top that, huh?
Yeah.
Clark Kent and Britney.
Can you imagine how much money I say I don't want to get into real?
Because those people eventually during the course of their careers,
they make a lot of money anyway.
They're not hard up for cash.
But can you imagine?
And of course, Britney being the good Christian girl that she is,
she probably might go for something like that.
Because she seems to be re-bulling against her Christian upbringing
by doing all this crap, which basically is just a scam to make a lot of money
and doing very well, by the way.
Thank you.
Do you have any ideas yourself or should we just let the audience come up with them?
Uh, I'm thinking about it.
I got lots of girls in mind, but I don't know who I want to match them up with.
Well, if you match them up, don't put them on, like, saying Justin Tinkerbell.
Nobody wants to see Justin Tinkerbell having sex even with himself, okay?
Nobody wants to see that.
No, that's the tough part.
I got to find somebody that doesn't have to talk.
Ah, get out of here.
Stop it at the homophobic that uptight, super-spic Mr. Madjo.
I don't know a good, lovely guy with a standing.
I don't want to touch some women that have touched certain guys.
Yeah.
You see where I'm going?
No, I don't.
So the guy has to be at least, uh, not offensive.
No, not offensive, in other words.
Like, Tom Wolling is non-offensive.
Yeah, you can say that again.
You got people like, uh, you know, attractive women, but some of them have had sex with Tommy Lee.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Well, how about Pamela Lee?
I know you can't stand her, but so do you think she belongs on list?
What's that black-headed kid that I can ever think of his name, Billy, uh, what's his name?
Black-headed kid.
The one from Baywatch that's on the soap opera on Guide on, uh, General Hospital.
I can never think of his name.
Now, what do we call her?
Do we call her Pamela Anderson?
I guess she's back to that.
Yeah, Pamela Anderson and Billy, uh, somebody will have her.
I'm sorry that I keep doing this to the audience all the time because I just, I've got a mental block on his name.
I know what he looks like, but I can't think of what his name is.
Because with the W, I think, Billy's something.
Don't know.
Okay.
So get those faxes in.
Here I think is now maybe this will go over like a lead balloon.
Maybe we won't get any response.
Maybe we've got nobody listening out there.
It's certainly possible after that horrible poll you took yesterday about incest with your twin sister, whatever it was.
Five.
Now, what am I giving the number off for?
Why don't you call them into McGail?
He'll take some of these.
Lonely.
Especially after putting Elvis on that list before that.
That was a low blow, man.
That was brutal.
That was bad.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 pound five, 60 on a AT&T line.
Which couple would you pay $100 to see in a sex flick?
We got Britney Spears and Tom Welling, Pamela Anderson and Billy, what's his name?
From Baywatch.
And Miguel will, he'll jot them down.
And you can also fax 305, 650198.
And rather than waste our time of you sending me the fax, you can just read them to me.
How's that?
Alrighty.
Here's that story that our buddy, Richard Delray, wanted me to read and sister that we'd not headed.
It was in my pile, just come down, Richard.
It took a jury just 25 minutes to decide that Tauksha Ho's Dickey Feral did not the fame retired teacher Larry Ferreira in on air comments.
Dickey Feral, by the way, one of the most objectionable human beings I've ever encountered in my life, worked at W.I.O.D. very briefly at nights, and I had to work with him.
Oh, you did?
Oh, yeah.
God.
And his whole, you know, just like a lot of these people who come into this market, what's their first thing going to be?
They're going to be the anti-neil.
They're going to rip me an ass, and that's going to make them really famous, and then everybody's going to tune in.
And of course, it always has the opposite effect.
So to sell up Dickey Feral, he's an asshole.
Ferreira conservative commentator at WPBR 1340, a station that's got about 17 watts.
Put his head in his arms and silently wept after the verdict yesterday.
He wept.
Why did he weep?
Ferreira, who was representing himself after he dismissed his lawyer mid-trial, did not realize it first, what had happened when the verdict was read.
You have won, Mr. Ferreira, circuit judge Thomas Barkdale explained.
A crowd of about a dozen supporters cheering and crying.
In other words, his whole audience was there.
One woman got a...
Oh, God.
Only in South Florida.
One woman got a nosebleed from the excitement.
God.
I don't think I've ever felt this good in my life, Ferreira, said later.
His nemesis forever was quiet for several minutes as the verdict sank in.
Then Ferreira said, this is now open season to say anything you want, anytime you want, and get away with it.
Absolutely correct sir.
Ferreira, a former social studies teacher from Toquestis, sued Ferreira for defamation over negative comments to host supposedly made about Ferreira on the year in 1999.
Ferreira, 75, testified that he sued because he wanted to clear his name.
Barkdale made his legal attempt to stole more difficult Thursday when he ruled that Ferreira, a former school board candidate, was a limited public figure that meant Ferreira's attorney Barry Silver had to convince the jury not only that the remarks were made and that they were false but also that they were made with malice.
The jury didn't buy it, reached a verdict at $355 yesterday afternoon.
Earlier Silver had told the jury that the case should be called slander lies and audio tape.
Ferreira, 45, said it was a holy war, a jihad.
The case put a two-strand-willed man, neither of whom would back down against each other, thrown into the mix with Ferreira calling himself as his own witness and hopping in and out of the witness box.
An audio tape...
Where is the video tape?
Can you see that?
Can you see him stepping out of the box to ask the question and hopping back into answer it?
I wonder if his comb over fell off.
Oh!
Are you going to start about guys here again?
You already pissed them off.
Throwing into the mix was Ferreira Kadiada Yadi.
In closing arguments Silver said the case was really about hate speech and that Ferreira should be held accountable for things he said on the year.
Words really can hurt Silver said.
Ferreira said he didn't remember making the remarks about Ferreira but told the jury his morning radio show was opinion-based if Ferreira didn't like what he heard he should have just turned the dial.
The trial may lead to a career change for Ferreira.
Maybe I'll go to law school after this experience of playing lawyer for the past few days he mues to the jury.
And by the way he's still an asshole.
1027 at 560, QAM.
Hey speaking of that, speaking of Schvitz in your brains out, how about cooling off with some great champion lights? Sounds good to me.
That's right.
Because man, the other sports drinks out there don't even come close.
They don't hold a candle to champion light because they're full of crap.
Champion lights got nothing in there but good stuff like all the electrolytes he need after work out.
All the other sports drinks, whether it's Gatorade or all the others, forget about them.
They're passe because they're loaded with sugar and therefore with calories and carbohydrates and all kinds of crap.
Some of them even have stuff that'll make you sit on it and be a squatter all day.
Not champion light.
It's got no carbs, no caffeine, no calories, no sugar, no nothing but great taste.
In fact now it's available in six different delicious flavors and believe me if you tried it like a few months ago you're going to like it even better now.
Because the flavors are all like juiced up like the mad dog they're juiced up right now.
You got orange lemon lime, grape, fruit punch and the new flavors lemonade and blue raspberry and man they are delicious.
Don't you think I sure hope so?
Or if you want to find the story nearest you that carries it if you actually want to spend some money and buy it which is a damn smart idea, check out Champion Light.
This regal's talking our ball.
Weekends prior to Marlon's baseball on sports radio 560 QAM.
Suck it in and hold it.
No, the Affleck casting call.
All right Tom Broca.
I broke off.
Affleck.
Again Tom.
Affleck.
One more time Tom.
Affleck.
I'm losing a second part.
One more.
Affleck.
Next.
Mike Tyson.
Mike Tyson.
Yes Mike Tyson.
Mike Tyson.
Stop saying what I'm saying.
I'll say what I'm saying.
Affleck.
Again.
Again.
Next.
Jesse Jackson.
Affleck.
Affleck.
A Jesse I'm sorry but the duck is white.
Next.
Woody Allen.
This is not something to duck the talks.
Stay to the script Mr. Allen.
It's crazy it's insanity.
Great the line please.
Why would a duck speak?
Next.
The Great Sean Connery sir.
Welcome sir.
Welcome.
Welcome sir.
Just read the line please.
Affleck.
Excuse me sir again.
Affleck.
Sir I'm sorry that second part of the line I don't.
I'm simply slaying off.
Next.
Oh God.
I guess we got Gilbert Gottfried over here.
All right give it to me Gilbert.
Affleck.
At one more time Gilbert.
Affleck.
Well Gilbert I pretty much hate you and I think you're terrible but you're a close
thing we got you got the job.
