This sound like a plan.
What's the big emergency?
There's no rush that I should play today.
That's so fun.
Wait, we can wait till tomorrow.
Just relax.
High school satanism club prompts parental outrage.
Students say lunchtime meetings do not
worship Lord of the underworld.
San Mateo, California.
See, there you go again with a California stereotype.
A group of San Mateo high school students
trying to stir up controversy formed a club based on satanism
and religion typically associated with hedonistic philosophy
and with the rituals of black magic.
Well, maybe they'll all want to join the Wicens.
The Wicens aren't satanists.
Calling themselves the Satanic Thought Society,
co-president of the club James Doe Little,
admits he originally started the club with his friend
Matt Heaney to wow things up a bit.
But now that the two juniors are still
in the teachers of Anton Lave, founder of the Church of Satan,
is that Anton Oivey?
They say satanism helps people to express themselves.
It's satanism purpose to turn a man back into the natural state
and not have interrupted by religion, do a little said.
The club does not worship the devil.
He said to some, may think.
In a flyer posted around the school,
the club says it's cool as to divide church
from state completely.
I'll write, I kind of like that club.
The flyer also says the club's purpose is to make the community
realize that satanism is not the practice
of resurrecting hate and violence through evil spirits.
Nor is it a cult religion where in people worship
an horned beast symbolic of the leader of hell.
Lavey started the church of Satan in 1966
under the theory that Satan is not a supernatural being,
but rather a symbol of defiance and rebellion
against a conformist God-fearing society
according to literature on the Anton Lave website.
What's wrong with that?
Nothing.
But what are you so so, you're not very enthusiastic so far?
What about satanism?
It's just, you know, what about Satanism?
Satanism doesn't support hate for no reason, do a little said.
Satan says it's okay to feel hate
because hating allows them to love more.
Huh?
While the Church of Satan does practice rituals,
he said the club will not be doing this.
Furthermore, do a little stress that the club is not
about hurting others.
We don't want people to associate us with any violence,
he said.
At the club's first meeting on Wednesday during the school's
lunch hour, approximately 35 students attended.
The club is about sharing opinions and views
that associate student body president Joey Izzo,
who attended the meeting and joined a club.
The two students were successful in riding up parents
as well as a few students.
Pam Cache said she couldn't believe when her 10th grade
daughter told her was announced on the school's loudspeaker
that a satanism club had formed.
The parents I've talked to are outrage, he said.
Her 15-year-old daughter, Lorina Wattam,
was equally offended when she heard about the club.
I was completely appalled.
I'm a Christian and I love God, said,
what, who's the member of the school's Christian club?
Oh, I see, so they can have a Christian club, right?
But the satanists are bad and evil.
You bitch.
Cache said a group of parents and others in the community
will be protesting the club at 1230 this afternoon
in front of the performing arts building.
That's a Pacific time.
What anger is her the most is the school support of the club.
It's just a negative that doesn't belong
in a school she be saying.
But principal Jackal and Maccaboy is quick to point out
that under the federal equal access act
for secondary schools, the school must allow this club
to exist.
In an email, the 300 parents Maccaboy wrote
that this law requires that schools allow a limited open form
for clubs.
It also said the students in the club are not devilish
or first and they will not be performing rituals.
These young men are really interested
in the philosophical teachings of alternative religions,
he said.
Jan Weisball, president of the PTO,
supports the enough of PTA, the current teacher organization,
supports the school's reasoning for allowing the club.
I don't think we should tell kids what they can,
they can't learn as long as it doesn't hurt anybody she said.
While Maccaboy said she's received calls
from members of the religious community
angry about the club's formation,
father Harold Snyder of our Lady of Angels,
Catholic Church in Burligam said,
the first amendment is behind these students.
Let's face it, teenagers love the shock he said,
the best thing you do about is not make a big deal.
How do you like that?
The good father.
The good father made more sense in these other Christians.
Yeah.
Well, maybe some of them might become altrubois.
I guess probably tool.
Giuliani asked to execute Ben Laden
in his new book, former New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani wrote
that he asked President Bush to read as
after these September 11 terrorist attacks
if he could personally execute Osama Yamama
Ben Laden if U.S. forces captured him.
I'm sure he thought I was just speaking rhetorically,
Giuliani wrote, but I was serious.
Ben Laden had attacked my city and as its mayor,
I had the strong feeling that I was the most appropriate
person to do it.
Giuliani has mentioned frequently as a candidate
to have the new Department of Homeland Security
being set up by President Bush in response
to the night of an attack.
In the interview to promote his book leadership
doing stores today, Giuliani contends
that many firefighters died at the World Trade Center
because they ignored orders to evacuate,
not because of lapses in training or communication.
They weren't going to abandon ship Giuliani said.
Giuliani also said he expected a reinterpiled
fixing another one for mayor was out,
but campaigns for president, U.S. Senator
or New York governor were possible.
I've learned that you don't cut off options.
I have no idea what the future will bring, Giuliani said.
I think I want to go back into government again.
Maybe it'll be a pointed office, he said.
The former mayor also said there's a good chance
or really good chance that he and girlfriend,
Judith Nathan would announce wedding plans soon.
Isn't that sweet?
Aw.
In the interview on Friday,
Giuliani questioned two reports by management
consulting for McKinsey and company.
They concluded that poor organization
faulty radio equipment and lack of training
hurt the rescue effort.
They don't know most of the things that happened, Giuliani said
of the consultants who were hired by the Bloomberg
administration to analyze the responses
of the foreign police department.
And McKinsey spokesman couldn't immediately be reached
to comment Sunday in a Bloomberg administration spokesman
was mom, he declined comment.
He said nothing.
And speaking of that, World Trade Center discussed
in secret documents as CBS news.
What's left of a building next to the former Senator,
World Trade Center,
Senator, there was to be demoled.
Now, what does it date on this?
Oh, was demolished yesterday, I see.
Cracks and bulges were found in 89th
Greenwich Street Friday and Saturday
in the building formerly home to Georgia's lunch
and a mincelon was consequently condemned
as unsafe and leveled,
meanwhile a new controversy has originated ground zero.
A collection of expert analysis and data that could help
explain how and why the World Trade Center collapsed
has reportedly been compiled as part of an insurance
lawsuit in Manhattan,
but the public may never see the information.
According to the New York Times,
the experts who amassed the information are forbidden
by confidential agreements from discussing their findings.
The material could be withheld of the lawsuit
as settled before trial,
prompting concern among engineers and victims' families
that the confidential material may be sealed
or even destroyed.
We're obviously in favor of releasing the information
but we can't until we're told what to do said,
Matt is leaving an engineering consultant in the case.
The Times says the material contains documentary evidence,
including maps of the debris piles
as well as three-dimensional computerized images
of the fallen towers,
rare photos and videos have also been collected.
The information was gathered largely in secret,
as part of a lawsuit involving a group of insurance companies
and Larry Silverstein,
the leaseholder of the Trade Center property,
the insurance company said the hijacking's constitute
a single terrorist attack while Silverstein maintains
that the two planes hit the twin towers
and separate occurrences.
Silverstein believes he's entitled
to weigh $7 billion payment.
The insurance company said he should be paid half that amount.
Silverstein and the insurers have spent hundreds
and thousands of dollars seeking expert analysis
about what caused the collapse.
The poor authority of New York and New Jersey,
which owned the Trade Center complex,
said in a statement that access to documents
will be decided in a case by case basis,
consistent with applicable law and policy.
In other words, the motorbike like that, don't hold your breath.
Don't you think it might be important
if we find out what it was,
the faulty construction and the wise and the warehouse
of why the towers both collapsed?
No, they should keep it a secret.
Okay, good.
Well, we're in the right country for that
or at least you are anyway.
You are.
299 votes, the next vote will be the 300th on our poll today.
Who was your favorite dolphins radio play
by playing out there of all time?
I don't give a flying crap about the dolphins.
88 people said that, 29.4%.
Rick Weaver, Weston P64.
Well, I tell you, he sure went fast, you know what?
I know.
I was thinking about that yesterday.
He retired, he went off to Mississippi,
he came back that day and said he was getting laid
all over the place like crazy.
And then all of a sudden, next thing, you know, he's dead.
I think doing the games was keeping him alive.
I see.
Rick Weaver, 64, Bill Zimfer, 50,
Mohawar David.
Oh, look at that.
Look what just happened there.
You see that?
Yes.
Tony votes 50.
And I don't listen to the games on radio.
I got a 3 on 9, so.
Oh, yeah, all of a sudden we got a feeding frenzy.
I think most been disqualified.
10, 57 at 5, 60 WQA in summers over.
No more barbecues, no more vacations, kids are back in school.
So no more excuses either.
Time to lose weight and do it.
The intelligent way, just like the little George said,
only moments ago, balance for life.
That's the way to do it.
You don't have to worry about eating all kinds of crap
about frozen foods and French fries
and all the other garbage we were talking about
because they provide for you delicious food
that's got all kinds of great ingredients
and that's good for you at the same time.
And they give you three delicious meals,
three gourmet meals and two great snacks every day
of your life.
It comes in a little black sack.
They deliver right to where you are.
You can't beat the convenience, you can't beat the taste
and you can't beat the speed and the ease
with which you'll lose that disgusting,
the debilitating fat that looks so grotesque
and also is making you sick at the same time.
So you're gonna be full of the color
because there's plenty of food you'll never be feeling
deprived and just like the beast
who's lost almost 60 pounds already,
we think on balance for life,
you can lose it real quick like.
And they let you choose between two alternatives
for each meal every day that you run the program.
Those are the only choices you'll have to make.
No counting calories, no counting carbohydrates,
no worrying about what you're gonna buy in the store
because you won't be buying anything in the store.
Your little black sack will provide all the goodies
you'll need every single day.
So if you want to lose weight, the effective
and the real way to do it, balance for life will work for you.
Just pick up the phone and call them today.
Call 9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29.
9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29 or visit their website
at balanceforlife.com.
My life and locals, this is for 205-6-6-6-8-8-8-8-8-8.
Were you fudge-packing?
Are you sick and tired of being overweight?
You want to lose that big butt?
Yes, thunder-thighs.
Yes, turkey neck.
Yes, arm flaps.
Yes, love handles.
Yes, double chin.
Yes, and beer gut forever.
Well, now you can, with no dieting, no pill popping,
and absolutely no exercising.
Through simple hypnosis, the pounds will merely melt away.
This revolutionary program, designed by founder Big Al Lumpkin,
will train your brain to believe your thin.
Here's our advice.
I put you under.
I whisper my magic directly into your mothulomal and gada.
Now, you're still the same faculty always was.
You just don't think you is.
Let me tell you what's for you.
This here is Barbara.
She is big.
But after just one session with me,
she thinks she's like Quiggy as something.
Yeah, watch this.
Hey, Barbara, what are you wearing to the beach today?
My song, bikini.
Ooh.
I mean, she's got to be like 340.
But in her head, she's one quilf.
In reality, that's almost one of her ears, waste.
Still not convinced?
All right, me Steve.
He weighs in a 620.
Hey, Steve, oh.
I'm thinking a new trial.
What's the way size and embed, boys?
34, big, ow.
Ooh.
Try adding a zero to that fat boy.
See, they just don't realize.
They said the only thing that matters
is that you feel good about yourself.
So look, he's like a pig and it comes to me.
Always pretty old, voodoo, mumbo, jumbo,
into your cell of verum.
And presto, you are a skinny minis.
This program is not going to prove by the FDA and B.A.
Or an RA.
It may not be suitable for anyone with an IQ over 40.
Testimonials will give them my actual program participants
who believe they are thin, but they are not.
It's 11.01 at 5.60 WQM.
Take a look at that pool, baby.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
You have to be 28 votes.
Tell them in a history of our pools
if we ever seen such a meteoric rise from mediocrity
all the way down there at the, uh, the ass end of the pool,
all the way up now close to the top.
You notice that?
Yep.
I don't give a crap about that offense 90.
Rick Weaver 72.
Moe Howard David 65.
He's moving up like crazy.
Like a wildfire.
Bill's in for 53.
I know most of the games are radio 40.
It'll 328 votes, which about 275 are real.
Maybe.
Hey, listen, we'll go with that number.
OK.
Can you just see him up there in focus sitting in?
I'm not sure he's not doing.
Huh?
Oh, here's another vote.
Here's another one.
I can't see that.
He doesn't know this show anyway.
Of course not.
He doesn't know this show.
He wouldn't be doing something as petty as that.
I mean, certainly not on the eve when he's planning on coming out and coming clean tomorrow
morning on his show.
It admitted that he tried desperately to get you can and threaten to walk out if they didn't
fire a little spick ass.
And of course about Carolyn in the beast and the other people that he's, uh, you know,
forced off at that show.
Now where do you get your information, by the way?
Where do you get your information?
So anyway, trade monkey Miami airport screeners.
Federal passenger checkpoint screeners begin work today at Miami International Airports
Concourse A. As the government takes a major step to take it over security, one of the
nation's highest risk airports, travelers departing on any of the concourse's international
carriers such as British Airways or Grupo Taka.
What?
Grupo Taka?
Taka?
I'm sorry.
We'll encounter tighter security from the 150 uniform transportation security administration
screeners.
They'll get a lot more attention and people will communicate with them more as to what
the screeners would like them to do.
He said, what will be different is a higher level of professionalism and a higher level
of security and customer service.
For example, screeners will ask passengers to move their shoes, allow a wand to be passed
over their body or open their bags to be searched.
They will be dressed in white shirts with gold TSA badges, blue pants and black shoes.
As it's next move, the TSA plans to reconfigure the checkpoints at MIA's concourses to conform
to the template first used at Baltimore Washington International Airport, adjusted for MIA's
space constraints.
Construction is pending.
Dave County permits at Mark Ferrari, the airport's assistant aviation director for security,
the same reconfiguration is expected at Fort Lauderdale Hollywood International Airport.
The TSA's passenger screeners in Miami International join 93 baggage screeners who started their
job last Tuesday operating 8 of the 9 minivan size explosive detection machines previously
handled by private contractors.
About 400 passenger screeners have been hired TSA spokesman David Stigman said other concourses
will convert to TSA employees over the next several weeks.
In total, 1150 passenger baggage screeners will be needed at MIA nearly three weeks ago,
240 passenger screeners begin operating at 2.4 Lauderdale terminals.
A total of 600 of these 675 screeners needed for Fort Lauderdale have been hired but no
dates been set to deploy baggage screeners there, they said.
Anticozon and on and on and on as the dog and pony show continues.
And every time CBS or one of the other news organizations does one of those checks, they
fight out.
Well, we'll see.
The news ain't been good.
We're going to have mose up to 68 votes.
He's doing it.
Here's an article from the Scotsman.
Don't we love the Scottish?
Sure.
With their golf and their kilts, silly sock as stockings.
Iran starts to see benefit of deal with the devil.
In public, the Islamic Republic of Iran is scalded at the United States apparent plans
to overthrow the Iraqi prison, Saddam Hussein.
However, a delegation of Iraqi Kurds who traveled to Iran over the past couple, we found
that even Iran's most traditionally anti-US institutions have accepted and exceeded the
possibility of a regime change and bagged that.
Indeed, they appeared to relus the prospect of an end to Saddam who initiated a devastating
eight-year war with Iran in 1980.
The Iranians have some concerns about the post-Saddam, Iraq, what kind of a Iraqi would
be, and in a legality of removing a sovereign regime said, host Yaris Havari, a top-level
Kurdish official, his delegation held meetings last week with the powerful former president,
Hashimi Rafsenjani, as well as the head of Iran's ultra-conservative revolutionary
guards and the ministers of defense and intelligence.
But deep down, they really want a change of regime in Iraq.
They want to see the back of Saddam Hussein, Mr. Zavari said.
They want to see his backside.
U.S. troop deployments in President George Bush's Vastor, President Saddam's government
have placed the region on edge.
Governments in political groups in the region have been in a flurry of diplomatic haggly
and military planning in northern Iraq, a semi-autonomous U.S. and UN protected area,
fears of war and instability loom especially large.
The mountain top town of Salahuddin, just north of the major city of Ibril, is where Masood
Barzani's Kurdistan and the Democratic Party, one of the two major groups governing Iraqi
Kurdistan, has been busy preparing for an October 4th parliamentary meeting and wrestling
with the implications of a post-Saddam Iraq.
The Kurds were one-spheres guerrillas, but they've laid down their arms, put on suits
and ties, and engaged in politics to ease the neighbor's fears about a new Iraqi government,
relations between Turkey and the two Kurdish political camps governing northern Iraq,
nearly collapsed after two members of the Ankara government publicly suggested annexing
this part of Iraq.
Mr. Zabar says he's heading to Turkey next, returned to cool the atmosphere, and toned
down the media threats.
Iraq and the U.S. cut ties following the 19th, erratic Iran and the U.S. cut ties following
the 79 seizure of the U.S. embassy in Tehran, but the clerical regime of Iran is also
no friend of the Baghdad government, which used chemical weapons against its soldiers
at the end of that long war in the 80s.
Iran quietly set out the 91 U.S. led campaign to push Iraq out of Kuwait.
They said, well, wait.
Kuwait.
And speaking of the coming war and it's coming with you like it or not, Iraq work had cost
up to $9 billion a month, fighting a war with Iraq had cost the United States between
$6 and $9 billion a month with preparing for conflict and winding on after adding another
$14 to $20 billion of the total congressional budget analysts said yesterday.
The Congressional Budget Office report comes as U.S. lawmakers debate President Bush's
recent request for authority to use force if necessary to disarm Iraq and topple good
old Sodom.
In the latest in a series of war costs estimates some ranging as high as $200 billion, which
have garnered attention on Capitol Hill and live growing U.S. budget woes.
The CBO said it could not assess how long any U.S. military action against Iraq would
last, and warned that any attempt to estimate its cost was therefore highly uncertain.
But it said deploying U.S. forces to the Gulf region would likely cost between $9 and
$13 billion and bringing them home after the conclusion of hostilities would add another
5 to 7 billion.
Fighting a war would cost $6 to $9 billion a month while mining a possible occupation
of Iraq afterward would cost between $1 and $4 billion a month.
Estimates of the total cost of military conflict with Iraq and such a conflict after
math are highly uncertain CBO-directed and crippled in caution in letter U.S. lawmakers.
They depend on many factors that are unknown at this time, including the size of the actual
force that's deployed, the strategy to be used, the duration of the conflict and number
of casualties, the equipment loss and the need for reconstruction of Iraq's infrastructure
we added.
Topo-sheconomic advisory Larry Lensley recently estimated what was the record cost, a
hundred to $200 billion, but White House budget director Mitch Daniels later stepped
in and blaved that figure was likely very, very high.
In fact, maybe he was very, very high when he said it.
Somebody's very high up there and no question about that.
We're down there.
Can Bowdie, you remember Can Bowdie?
No.
Can Bowdie.
Can Bowdie, a professor of broadcast journalism in Northwestern, was moderator of PBS
of Washington Weekend Review from 1994 to 1999.
He recognized me, he's got glasses, Can Bowdie.
Oh, yeah.
No.
He could report.
Anyway, he writes in the LA Times today, CNN has anything, is anything but Mickey Mouse.
And I'm not going to play that then.
Ted Turner has to save the network from being swallowed by Disney, says.
Let's not very delete.
It's time for Ted Turner to take some of the $2 billion that the Money magazine says he
has and buy back CNN, in Dehwood and have it run as the all-news channel was conceived
to be.
CNN is once again being shot around in previous iterations that was a prospective merger
with CBS News or takeover by NBC.
This time the rumor is that AOL Time Warner will spin off CNN and allow it to be observed
by a Walt Disney company and merge with ABC News, the Stepchild News division owned by
Disney.
When Turner initially agreed to sell CNN to Time Warner, Time Chief Executive Gerald Levin
called CNN the Jewel in the Crown.
It turned out that Levin didn't know what he was buying.
All he knew was that CNN had worldwide reach, that it was the network every US newsroom
tuned to, that it was the one Boris Yeltson kept on in his office, Fidel Castro on in his
kitchen, and Sodom Hussein in his bunkers.
When President Clinton fired cruise missiles at Baghdad, in response to a rax attempt to
assassinate President Bush I, the White House had to call CNN President Tom Johnson to
ask what had been hit.
For working reporters in both companies, the time CNN mergers seemed to promise a natural
symbiosis, two strong news organizations with worldwide reach, one television on print
was a merger that appeared to add value to both, then the culture clash set in.
A team of time executives paid a visit to CNN's Washington Bureau of Assembly News acquisition,
they found veteran correspondent Bruce Morton in his office, and the joshing began.
When one of the blue suits from time mentioned that they couldn't wait for the day when they
only had to write 150 words, Morton replied, and at CNN we can't wait for the day, or we
have to do it only once a week.
On the time side, once the bean counter and executive began to understand the vicissitudes
of cable TV, oh I love that word, say the vicissitudes of cable TV and the competitiveness
of the rating cycle, the joshing soon turns sour.
One executive complained that time sends out more Christmas cards than CNN had viewers.
On the CNN side, there was a feeling that the new owners had no appreciation for what
they did, which was cover real news worldwide, at less cost than any place else in television,
the culture clashed more into a form of tissue rejection.
Driving to work one day, I heard the news that AOL had bought time order, does NPR have
it backward, I thought?
Time must have bought AOL.
Even at the time of the stratospheric rise of the dot coms, was it fatnable that an internet
startup could purchase a word by publishing conglomerate like time order, but it was true,
it was true, and CNN was a small part of the deal, albeit advertised once again as a priceless
part of the package.
Now like the rest of the NASDAQ overachievers, AOL stock is tanking, and the geniuses are
looking to one load CNN.
If they plan to merge CNN with ABC News goes through, CNN will become a tiny slice of
the enormous Disney pie.
Disney is one of those enterprises with a huge CEO salary and ailing market prospects.
Last time Disney shares prices plummeted, company executives traveled to Washington to
explain the ABC News Bureau, why would have to sacrifice jobs to the corporate bottom
line.
Next time it could be CNN producers and correspondents whose jobs are on the line.
The core value of CNN is not duplicated anywhere else in television news, it's the network
that world turns to when there's real news to cover especially foreign news.
ABC and B.C. and CBS already have responded to budget constraints by closing down foreign
bureaus.
If there's a major labor demonstration in Paris, all the footage of those networks looks
to the same because they all buy it from independent contractors in Europe.
CNN has news crews and correspondents on the ground reporting from 31 bureaus around
the world.
Tom Brokot, Peter Jennings and Dan Rather could gather for a quiet breakfast in a coffee
shop at the Baghdad Hilton and no one would notice if they were joined by Christian Amman
poor, there would be 100 autograph seekers in five minutes that bitch.
If ABC News and CNR emerged, it'll be a major step to that great nirvana which we seem
to be heading when all television news looks the same.
Competition used to be considered a healthy thing in journalism, but with this deal, there
would be less of it.
Isn't that what I said the other day when that story came out?
Yes, you did.
Disney's accountants were quickly fine-cost savings by closing competitive CNN ABC bureaus
in Beijing, London, Moscow, perhaps even Washington.
Ted Coppola and Nightline would find a new home at CNN.
Then when Disney stocks lies again, the rest of CNN's overseas bureaus would be on the
chopping block.
In the entertainment-based corporate culture of Disney, news has no special value except
what it contributes to the bottom line.
Where are you, Ted Turner?
CNN is the most important of the many things you created by it back.
Then if President Bush decides to blow up the Baghdad Hilton, at least your old network,
will still be around to cover the war.
Right, it's Ken Bode in the LA Times today.
Yeah, really good, man.
Let's just let five companies buy up every radio and TV station, every guy at their
newspaper.
I think we'll read it.
Then we'll read it.
Then we'll read it know what it's all about.
Then we'll get the truth.
How is Moe doing, Erzie?
Oh, look at that.
He's already in first place in Zuman on up.
So what do we say about 70 phony votes?
At least.
1113 at 560 WDQM Tom Lehman loves the people who listen to the show so much that's why
he created the Neil Deal at Hallett.
Save big dollars in Alpani S and GM season stock.
Just mentioned, you heard me talking about it here on the Neil Rogers show.
Stop by Hallett Pontiac GMC 13411, South Fixie Highway, that's US1.
Across from the falls where Bob Eisenberg continues to fail miserably and where every vehicle
is marked with the lowest price.
Next to the Neil Rogers deal and save even more.
Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the on-boy voted by Motor Trend as SUV of
the year and the all-new vibe SUV.
It's got the power of a sports car and how it's also got a dependable great selection
of pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs.
I think that Bob Eisenberg and Todd Dreck and the Skippy all went to the same school.
You know what I'm talking about?
No.
Pathetic.
And if you've been turned off or credit by some other auto dealer anyplace else, have
no fear because Haled is here.
There'll be no problem.
They'll cut you deal.
Even if they never see you again.
Get a Neil Rogers deal at Hallett Pontiac GMC 13411 South Fixie Highway, that's US1.
Right across from the falls open every day of your life seven days a week for more info
call 305-238-4040.
305-238-4040 when you talk to Tom Lehman and ask him, what is that animal that died
in Bob's head?
Haled Pontiac GMC, we are professional great.
Five and a local, this is five six years.
The radio's on your side.
You ain't.
Uh.
Eisner?
Mr. Mouse?
What the hell are you doing to me?
What do you mean, sir?
Why am I reading in the paper?
You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn?
Well, sir, we're just scouting locations.
Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs.
You are killing me.
But, sir, look what we've done with New York City Times Square for the second street.
Hang on.
Raymond!
Raymond!
Come on, the vacuum cleaner, Raymond.
Get that blue bird out of here.
Okay, boss.
Eisner, but, sir, look what we've done with Midtown Manhattan.
40 Second Street is incredible.
I know what, publicly, I supported that, but you took all the point away.
You're killing me.
I'm going through a gabboscon like kids.
We're just scouting areas calm, dad.
Listen to me, but, much.
Don't tell me to calm down.
We got lucky with Lee Loan's stage, $128 million.
Now, you're trying to ruin the whole network.
What kind of programming are you running?
Hang on a minute.
Raymond!
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
You've got blue bird crap all over your shoulder.
It's playing yourself up for heaven's sake.
And head off the module cleaner.
Okay, boss.
Good.
God.
Sir, the network is fine.
Why couldn't you come up with American Idol?
Good God, you're still running James Bond movie.
There's 60 years old.
Why don't you just put Steve Bond really on and be done with it?
Lisa, I'd make a couple of damn dollars.
Well, the movie division's fine.
You mentioned Lee Loan's picture.
Now we have the new M Night Shummel on movie coming out later this summer.
I know, it's fine.
What the hell does that mean?
Stop sign, yield sign.
You've got a struct swing in some of these titles, cast me.
Uh, please.
Raymond!
Raymond!
Hey, here you are.
I know you can't hear me.
Raymond!
You're still running the market, Plata!
Here's a lot more stuff running the market.
You're still running the market.
You're still running the market.
Raymond, can take that blue bird with you.
All right.
Yes, sir.
I'd be very careful the next time I started my car.
Why were you?
What do you mean, sir?
I'm not done with you.
What?
I'm not done with you, sir.
I'll put Hannah Starr in your job.
But sir, I'm here.
You're terrible.
I'm sorry.
Maybe I'll put Raymond in there.
I don't like to be president of Disney Remus.
Oh, man.
What a wonderful day.
Get out of here, you nutbag.
I love it.
I'm just going to play out the rest of the show.
All right.
My oh my, what a wonderful day.
It's 11.19.
Get that blue bird crap off your shoulder, Raymond.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm something to get that down, Raymond.
Your épatí trainings are IN mortal.
What's happening to us?
怎么样 of eye tracing ofray.
You can see.
You'll see it.
council liquid and solvent liquid in cells.
It's essential.
πο weiterts and algae plants that all just manifest in cells
It's contextually but it should manifest inbers.
It should manifest to the circumference كتpatient that
shafts like otide and ovicar.
to eliminate a specific threat to the United States of our allies and friends.
The reasons for our actions will be clear, the force measured, and the cause just.
But this is linguistic trickery instead of specifying the threats against which you'll attack
preemptively, you assert vaguely that those threats will be specific.
Instead of giving clear reasons, you assert that your reasons will be clear.
Instead of quantifying the force you'll use, you say your force will be properly measured.
You leave the rules vague so that in practice by filling in the blanks later,
you get to make up the rules as you go along writes William Salaton.
Two sub-defense.
The manifesto says the United States will focus on defending the U.S., the American people,
and our interest at home and abroad by identifying and destroying the threat before it reaches our borders.
To justify unilateral actions against such threats to document frames this policy is part of our right to self-defense.
But this stretches the meaning of both self and defense.
Don't American interest abroad under Bush's definition include Israel's security?
If our borders don't define the self or committed to defend, and for the violation of those borders doesn't define the difference between offensive and defense in our part,
what does Salaton?
Three interest in values.
According to the manifesto, the West National Security Strategy will be based on a distinctly American internationalism that reflects the union of our values and our national interests.
But the only thing distinctly American about this proposition is its pretense that our interest in values are identical.
Nations choose their interests over their values all the time.
They go easy on dictators to protect profitable commerce.
They prop up friendly but repressive governments.
The United States under Bush is much different.
Our new moral compromise that we're putting stability and order before reform.
The manifesto gives familiar lip service to the importance of Russian and Chinese reform, but the whole point of the new doctrine is that reform is no longer primary, fighting terrorism as he writes.
Four multilateralism.
The manifesto makes the show of embracing the United Nations and other international institutions.
It pledges America will implement its strategies by organizing coalitions as broad as practical of states able and willing to promote a balance of power that favors freedom.
But what does this mean?
If you are willing to engage in military action that in the view of the West favors freedom, your inclusion in the coalition isn't practical?
This is unilateralism dressed up as multilateralism.
We're happy to work with you as long as you do it our way, cell of the notes.
And five, the point to be made about Bush's view of the world is that he can promise a morality that he doesn't plan to deliver.
Lie about his amoral approach to foreign policy.
Have his lies reported as truth by most of the media.
Game the support of about 60% of the American people on the basis of distorting propaganda.
And use his version of the law and police squads to keep the remaining 40% in line.
Preferably in compounds far from the action away from the eyes of the media while he loads his audiences with GOP war party followers.
Seeing how the evening news is participants that are open in freedomocracy.
Saladin concludes the new world is one rationalized by Bush's manifesto, a world in which great powers wink at each other's misconduct.
Every threat is imminent, self-defense means preemptive action abroad, interest are addressed up as values, and cooperation means cooperating with the U.S.
We don't know what history will judge harshly about this era, but there's a good chance it'll be that compromises we embrace to rectify the mistakes of September 11th.
Wow.
Jirum of a message lies in silence over stem cells. This is in today's LA Times.
James Pinkard in the rights for news day.
Millie Kondraki sits in a wheelchair unable to care for herself unable to communicate.
Her devoted husband Morton, the couple will celebrate the 35th wedding anniversary next week, can only hope she understands him when he tells her he loves her.
Morton Kondraki of course is one of the best known journalists in Washington, but he's much prouder of his role in combating Parkinson's disease,
which has afflicted his wife since 1987.
Over the last decade he's become deeply involved in efforts to energize Parkinson's research and medical inquiry overall,
I am an advocate, he says firmly, that advocacy has been successful, indeed it's about to go further, rolling over President Bush on the issue of stem cell research.
Last year Kondraki published saving Millie, love politics in Parkinson's disease, in it Millie emerges as a tragic symbol, a symbol to galvanize support for the next round of research,
which Kondraki and most other experts believe will require the expanded use of embryonic stem cell tissue, and so the political battle is joined, although it won't be much to a fight.
Embryonic stem cells are derived from fetal tissue, typically from a five-day-world bladisite, a bladisist, a clump of perhaps a hundred cells, about the size of the period at the end of this sentence.
At such an early stage of development, embryonic stem cells can be converted to any other kind of human cell, and thus can be used to treat a variety of ailments including diabetes, Alzheimer's and Huntingdon's, as well as potentially spinal cord injuries.
No wonder so many high-profile victims of disease-nacks, including Michael J. Fox, Muhammad Ali and Christopher Reeve, have made common cause on the stem cell issue, put bluntly in political terms its battle between glamorous celebrities and a dwindling band of religiously-oriented conservatives, one of whom at least in theory is Bush.
On August 9, 2001, Bush went on national TV to offer a compromise, although no additional stem cell lines could be federally funded, research could continue on existing lines.
Further discussion of the issue was blanked out by 9-11, but it now cresting again.
On September 22, California Governor Gray Davis signed legislation, permitting stem cell research in the Golden State, three days later a parade of experts testified before he was sent at about the dilaturious effect of the Bush restrictions on medical progress.
That same night, Nancy Reagan appeared on 60 minutes, too, to talk about the impact of Alzheimer's on her husband, followed up by an authorized leak to the New York Times in which he lamented that a lot of time is being wasted because of Bush's strictures.
A lot of people who could be helped are not being helped, she added. That was Nancy Reagan.
And what does Bush have to say in response? Not much. He assembled a commission which Kondraki dismissed as stack to the right. In fact, the commission was a model of fairness and balance which might explain why barely agreed with the Bush position, endorsing a four-year moratorium on stem cell research by a 10-to-7 vote. Still, Kondraki is correct when he says that its final report will have no effect at all in stopping continuing research.
Meanwhile, the president has an address to issue with all since April. Bush is busy on other issues, of course, and that's the point. A president can only fight so many wars, meanwhile, science marches on, define politics.
On January 16, the MD Anderson Cancer Center, the University of Texas, announced that it launched the first clinical trial to Mephephra Stone as a cancer treatment.
Is that how you say it? I don't know. Mephephra Stone is better known as RU486, where I like that better.
The Morning Actor Pill has been opposed by the last three Republican presidents. It's interesting that the chairman of the Board of Visitors in MD Anderson is one of those Republican presidents, George Herbert Walker Bush.
From all this quietly looking the other way, it seems obvious that neither Bush war is much about the fate of Vladisys and fetuses for religious conservatives that may be disappointing news, but for most Americans anxious for research to continue, anxious for cures, that silence is golden.
Right, James, Pennsylvania News Day today. I don't know Vladisys, and it's a human life with a soul. Oh, I forgot. That's right. It's a live and breathing thing.
27 after 11 at 560 W. Cremon has lots of living and breathing scenes at the brand new pizza loft. The good news is they opened yesterday with their second great location in plantations. That's the great news.
We've been promoting and promising and heading and hawing and now it's open. You've got to do it right. You know, you don't want to make a premature evaluation.
And the brand new pizza loft is right behind Walgreens. George is trying to like envision in his mind where it is. Don't you know that area out by me? I've been there a million times, of course, but I don't, you know, right on the corner of sunrise and knob hill. You got it. I got it on the northeast corner of sunrise and knob hill. Is that correct Northeast? Yes.
And there's a Walgreens and there's a little strip shopping center right behind Walgreens is pizza loft and there's serving the same delicious fresh attending goodies. Three different kinds of pizza every kind of pasta that you've ever had in your life.
Chickendish is in Ville and calzones and super subs and they're not doing delivery for a few days. He said, you didn't just say that. He said that he called by the way. I want him on the air. Is he on now? No. What kind of call?
What do you say that if you wanted to lift the number of the new pizza loft and he said that if you wanted to put them on the air, you can give them a call now. No, we don't want to do that. Then we just put them on the other day.
Look, it's not the Jeff Cohen show. We're doing our best. We give him a lot of free plus. We wanted to do great there. I mentioned the location 5,000 times. But let's not get carried away Jeff. Okay, because it's like one step away from doing a hockey show. Okay, putting you on a year. You know, you're a good guy. Although at least he does the sex talk. You know, yeah, which is more exciting than.
I'm sure he and Ron McLean. What's going to do about Ron McLean? So anyway, pizza loft over there in university drivers still going strong. If you're in that neck of the woods between Griffin and 595 in Davey, I guess we'll listen to Davey. Steve, am I understand? He's got a hell of a deal for you. But anyway, pizza loft over there. They got take out delivery. They cater any of you. You may be having 9, 5, 4, 9, 1, 6, 8, 8, 8, 8 is their number. They got tons of free parking and you'll find them right beyond pure wind imports. Let me say it again. The brand new pizza loft is open right this moment. As I speak, lunch, dinner, late nights.
The food is fresh. It's delicious. Everything made your order. No soggy mushy spaghetti at this pizza loft. So give it a try real soon and delivery coming almost any day from the new pizza loft in plantation.
I can't believe I just did that. You know what I just did? No, I don't want to tell you. You wouldn't believe what I just did. Anyway, come on. Let's go. Let's go. We only have four hours here.
That's for being nice to me today, Mo. Don't mention it, Goldie. You're not going to get raped again today, I am old. Yeah, you know why? Why is that, Mo?
Because rapes not funny. But I ain't going to be a mean man no more. If they think that's funny, it's fine by me. Wow, you really changed your way.
Ah, forget about it. I'm turning over all new thing, Newton Leif. You have a nice day of power and I smite cutly friend.
Hey, Mo, look out for that truck. Mo look like a shapeless pile of gold.
You, you, the show my respect. I stole your shield. I wasn't even told before that bastard boosted my shield.
I don't want to say I'm glad outside of being a nasty old schmacky wasn't bad. It's a Mahaya. Oh, how is David's band?
Oh, how is David's band? But his wingless guy. Oh, how is David's band? But his wingless guy.
I'll give you one thing for a dead guy. You should get a lot of phony vote. I mean, a lot of votes in our poll today.
150 moving in the first place with 80 of phony votes. So he's got the, what does that leave? 35. At least 80 phony votes.
Who was your favorite as a matter of fact? I think we ought to instruct Eric just to take his name off of there.
Or it'd be more fun, more fun to just leave it. Yeah, I just leave it. Maybe we can get to a million by tomorrow morning. Let's get him a million votes. Come on, Mo.
Keep punching that thing, baby. Punch it again. And a boy. Man, 440 votes on air. And with the biggest crank turn out, I think we've had in recent memory on our poll.
He was like languishing in last place with about what was it? About 7% right? So if you figure we have like 350 real votes, 10% will be 30. Yeah, like about the 40 votes. I would say it would be right.
Which means 75 phony ones. But it's changing again. The new total is coming on air. Mo, how are 117? I don't give a crap about that.
I don't know if it's off. It's 110. Rick Weaver 89, Bill Simvers 72. I don't listen to the games on radio 59. How to 447 votes? Which I would say like 250 at least are for real.
The mother of this is in Los Cruces, New Mexico. The mother of that 10 year old girl, her beat or four year old brother to death on the instructions of their stepfather was arrested for watching television during the incident official said on Saturday. What shall I show?
Natasha Guerrero, the children's mother was arrested on charges of probably Oprah of negligently permitting child abuse resulting in the death of her son four year old Devon Booth said Los Cruces police spokesman Mark Nunley.
Devon's 10 year old sister kicked punch and hit him allegedly in the instructions of their stepfather, Louis Guerrero 38. Viener. The boy was being punished for bedwetting in Odessa, New Mexico for bedwetting and drinking from the toilet and was beaten late on September 21 and died.
The end of the next morning he died in Albuquerque Hospital on Monday, meaning a week ago yesterday. The complaints of the stepfather instructed the 10 year old sister to punish Devon while the mother watched TV in another room.
Now let's see if it happened on the 21st, it would have been like what they had the week with that of him. Saturday? We go tore up the calendar.
You tore up the freaking calendar? Well, if the 20 year was, huh? Yes, Saturday. On a Saturday. Well, so what show should you buy?
I don't have no ideas what shows are on on Saturday. He got it. She was a beaner. But have been Saturday, gigante might have been the show they were watching and then she was busy in the other room.
The complaints of the stepfather instructed the 10 year old sister to punish Devon while the mother watched TV in another room. He was arrested early in the week and charges child abuse resulting in death.
After they're being redundant and that story, but nevertheless. By the way, was she watching TV in another room?
From the Dallas news, Presbyterian panel concludes late HP Minister molested girls, Highland Park.
National Presbyterian officials have uncovered broader allegations of sex abuse by missionaries while concluding that a late minister at a prominent Highland Park church molested at least 2,000 girls and women, mostly in Africa in his 40 year career.
The denomination confirmed long standing accusations against the Reverend built pruit, not bill hewitt, bill pruit as part of an unprecedented 18 month investigation that doubled the number of Mr. Pruit's known victims.
A report to be released later today called for the parent church to make significant policy changes, aimed at preventing clergy abuse and recommended further inquiries.
Well, this could be in Dallas where they had that dog and pony show, could it? Yes. Oh, I'm sorry. But this isn't the Catholic. This is is it, Presbyterian?
Yes. That's why it was girls. I see. Bad luck banded may have shot himself and was hit by a van. Miami FBI says North Miami Beach, a bank robber may have shot himself as he put his gun away, then was struck by a van and a hit and run as he fled with his bag of cash.
The FBI said yesterday, this is in the Sun Central. The man need to help getting out from under the van and hopped into a getaway car with the woman driver and escaped.
So FBI spokeswoman Judy or well, no one else was injured. So I guess his bad luck didn't go on forever. The suspect who was not been identified went up to a teller.
The watch over a bank at 801 Northeast 8th Street in North Miami Beach from on 10 30 a.m. and pulled out a semi automatic pistol. He handed a bag to the teller, told her to fill it with on the slow amount of cash.
When she was finished, he took the man was putting his gun back on his pocket when it fired. Agents didn't know if he was injured. No blood was found in a bank.
Well, I guess if there was no blood found, he probably wasn't injured. When you think I would think the man ran outside was crossing the street while a white van hit him. Someone helped him out from under the van and drove off late Monday afternoon. The FBI said identified the van driver.
The van was a hit and run. She said, so what happens to the van driver that have to get away guy? They get a metal.
A woman waiting in a red Mitsubishi mirage picked up the robber in the pier escape. So what's this about bad luck? I had a couple little minor countertops along the way.
But he got out naming names or not from the White House note book in today's Washington Post.
Osama's been languishing. Why don't you call up Jeff Cohen? We'll put him on after the break. Okay. Seriously, because I want to ask him how the opening way is to implantation.
Since I have such great interest in that. You know, I've a vested interest in that part of my hood. Osama's been languishing seven months without a mention in a presidential speech.
When Al Qaeda's leader eluded capture in Afghanistan, President Bush gradually reduced his prominence in speeches to the emphasizes individual importance. Now what's out of him who's saying the villain of the hour and the nine loving mastermind's coordinates still unknown. Osama, your mom have been law this fallen entirely from Bush's lexicon.
A search of the White House website indicates Bush has not made an unprompting mention of Bin Laden's name since March 8th. That day at a GOP gathering in Florida, the president spoke of this bin Laden fellow and Vod were going to find him. Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God. This bin Laden fellow and Vod were going to find him. The last time Bush spoke the hated name in any public form was a July 8 press conference in which he specifically was asked if he'd find Bin Laden.
Lately, Bush has avoided mentioning the evil one's name, even when asked about him directly at a cabinet meeting last week when a reporter asked Bush about Al Gore's charge that Iraq was deflucking ascension from the failure to get bin Laden. Bush replied that Sodom is a true threat to America. Maybe he meant Sodom is a true threat.
This is quite a shift from the months after the terrorist attack when Bin Laden was treated to daily mentions by Bush and colorful phrases such as what a dead or alive. But now, with Bin Laden's status unknown, invoking his name only reminds Americans of the failure to apprehend him.
The president's silence on Bin Laden has served a strategic purpose. Last year, nearly two thirds of Americans said the war on terrorism could not be called a success without Bin Laden's death or capture.
That number fell to 44% in March, Washington, Washington Post, ABC News, and the question has been dropped.
GOP Post ran Ward Smith. Frank Lunds had mentioned the chief evil doer conjures up questions that nobody can answer because the government doesn't know if he's still alive.
We're trying to declare a certain moral certainty. A certain moral certainty, Lunds said, the effort is to remove all gray areas and this adds a gray area.
The removal of gray areas from Bush's rhetoric, oft-observic since 9-11, has been qualified this dissected and broken down into statistical equations with Greek variables.
A new study by the State University of New York at Buffalo School of Management analyzed 74 of Bush's major speeches and radio addresses from before and after the terrorist strikes to determine differences in language.
The researchers, led by Professor James Mindel, found that Bush's speech over the past year had contained more active words signaling aggression such as overcome, dismantle or prevent, or accomplishment words such as leadership and strengthen and fuel words convening a conveying passivity allow refraindance of mid-or-ambivalence.
On echoes on a great length, it's got the, I didn't know he knew that many words.
The researchers found that all these patterns indicated Bush's rhetoric has become more charismatic since the terrorist attacks. One possibility is that Bush is really more charismatic, they wrote, alternatively as possible his charismatic personality laid dormant and unrealized until it was finally unleashed by the tragic events of 9-11.
Still another possibility is that Bush is merely responding to needs of the American people who, in a time of crisis, seek out more charismatic talk.
Is it a newly charismatic Bush or just some clever word you did usage speech writing director Michael Gerson declined to discuss it, they in sand.
Those words were not of their vocabulary.
19-to-noon at 560 WQM, we got the mad dog coming up at 1 o'clock from Shula State 2, Hank with a full-power for our show today, man, write that down.
3-to-7 with Rob Conrad between 5 and 6. Shiva's regal talking, hardball with a crow at 7. Oh god, and then we got the playoffs.
Angels in the Yankees 817, etiquette after baseball and Joe and Mark overnight.
If you love your home but you're a friend of because you need more space to do something, what do you do about that?
Do what hundreds of other people be doing, call strictly additions. Whether you're having a baby in another room, if you're converting a car porter, patty with living space, if you wanted to business for yourself and want to make a home office, call strictly additions and you'll be amazed at these dependents work they do for you.
There you're one stop shop, you're more space for your place, place with an absolutely worry free approach to expanding your living space.
Those no-shows by the contractors will never happen when you call strictly additions. In complete work, no way Jose.
No unexpected bills, no worries about the job not getting done right and they take every single last tale. They drop your blueprints, they get the building permits, handle all the inspections for you.
Strictly additions got that easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction. First they called a schedule a free project evaluation appointment at your home where a project estimator will determine the scope of your addition.
Secondly they schedule a bit of employment in their convenience room where you get a detailed proposal and an exact price for the work. Third select your finishing touches, go to contract, fourth review that is on architectural drawings and fifth sit back with a smile on your push and relaxes your dream addition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality.
So give strict additions are called today at 9.5.4.791.8100. That's 9.5.4.791.8100. They're licensed, they're injured professionals who do a stupendous job and they serve all are brought and South Palm Beach County.
Check out the red and yellow pages are called them today 9.5.4.791.8100. Be sure and tell them that Neil and PD Lane, to a day to call strictly additions.
This is sports 20 or vice versa.
You way yeah.
You get a lot of it.
All right. The Rogers us sports radio WQ.A.A.
Morning we have mercilessly taken the following material out of context without endorsement or permission from those depicted.
It is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible.
We hope we reach that goal or at least major.
Friends and distinguished guests simply put President Bush can read only at the most basic level.
I'm working with a variety of organizations to achieve President Bush's great goal.
Learn basic vocabulary words.
Education is a top priority for President Bush and I presented him with the children's dictionary.
I'm proud that my husband just yesterday he said kindergarten because education brings opportunity.
Our public schools are open to every child in America and President Bush.
Thank you for your help and you welcome it's the number 46 at 560 Q and we're going to have Colin is on a phone just like clockwork.
Morning Neil how you doing today looking for more free publicity. I'm doing good.
I need the publicity.
Why is that?
Why is that?
Like you said you can't say it.
We did pretty well though.
Yeah.
A lot of people come and mention in your name which is cool.
There you go.
Yeah we did.
Well green's ordered.
Did they?
Yes they did.
Did Marcy come by for a free lunch?
No she didn't but she's welcome to.
I guess she's waiting to come back.
You can take a look over here actually to pick stuff up.
Excellent.
So yeah pretty exciting.
Place looks great doing good.
We're tweaking our computers still.
Pinnacle stayed here overnight.
They worked like 20 hours straight to get us out which is cool.
And you know foods coming out the exact same.
We have the same cooks and servers that's going good.
It's just a matter of five.
So when are you going to start delivering?
Either the end of this week or on Monday.
I want to make sure that everything's going smooth in the kitchen and I'm afraid that on Friday night if we're super, super busy.
I want to make sure it goes smooth for our dining room and the people that come here.
Now I drove by there when I was home.
I saw the joint and the place too.
But you know it's hard to tell how big it is inside.
How compared to the other one?
How big is it?
The other one has 170 seats.
This one has 150 seats.
The other one's 4,500 square feet.
This one's 4,000 square feet.
Oh it's pretty good.
So it's a pretty good size.
Excellent.
And the anal, uh, had the pencil and anal vibrators still going straight.
There's no time for that unfortunately.
I see.
You know.
Tell me another good one.
I forgot what a girl looks like.
Uh-huh.
But you know that's one of the sacrifices you make if it was easy everybody would do it right?
Well Georgia will bring over a picture of Al to keep you going.
Thank you.
Okay thanks, Evan.
I'm glad on Monday yesterday.
Have a great life.
Okay. Looking forward to seeing you.
Thanks.
Come home soon.
Okay.
I will.
Go at the office.
See ya.
Bye.
I can't press and drop and it wouldn't, it wouldn't go out.
I think you had the, uh, your thumb on it or something.
Well, it may.
Anyways, 1148 and 560.
That's Jeff Cohen from the brand new pizza loft in plantation corner and uphill and sunrise right behind wall greens.
You can't see it from the street.
He's up against the odds there.
I'll tell you that.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, I know.
So it's all going to depend on you.
Oh, God.
It's all our broad shoulders.
I'll tell you that to make that man another couple of millions.
Swing by himself another $600,000 house.
Now, these two articles you just facts me, I need list to say to have time to read either one of them.
Okay.
But I mean, what I got all this other good stuff.
For example, Andy of Mayberry morphs into Robocop.
I got that.
And, uh, you're like that.
Okay.
The iratolated secret article is very good.
Okay. Nicholas Christoff, one of our favorite writers in New York Times.
Irrac's a little secret.
Baghdad.
The White House is right that Iraq is by far the most repressive country in the entire Middle East, but that's only true of your man.
To see how many Arab countries are in some ways even more repressive to women, consider how an invasion might play out.
If American ground troops are allowed to storm across the desert from Saudi Arabia into Iraq,
then American service women will theoretically not be able to drive vehicles as long as they're in Saudi Arabia,
and will be advised to wear an abaya over their heads.
As soon as they cross the border into enemy Iraq, they'll feel as if they're entering the free world.
They can legally drive uncover their heads and even call men idiots.
Iraqi women routinely boss men in serving non-combat positions in the army.
Indeed, if Iraq attacks us with smallpox, we'll have a woman to thank.
Dr. Rihab Rashida Tahhab, the head of Iraq's biological warfare program, who is also known to weapons and structures as Dr. Jurm.
A man can stop a woman on the street and bag dad and ask for directions without causing a scandal.
Men and women can pray at the mosque together, go to restaurants together, swim together, court together, or quarrel together.
Girls compete in actor school sports almost as often as boys, and Iraqi TV broadcast women sports as well as men.
No one thinks that sports are just for men, said in the Ayaaster, the captain of the Iraqi National Women Soccer team.
It's true that my mother was a bit concerned at first when I took up soccer, but I insisted and so she accepted it and just started praying for me.
The point is not to be soft on Saddam Hussein, whose rash wars and policies have killed hundreds of thousands of women as well as men.
Iraqi women would be much better off with Saddam gone, and in any case, the relative equality of women in Iraq has little to do with his leadership.
Iraq has been civilized more than twice as long as Britain after all it was old when Babylon arose and Iraq got its first woman doctor back in 1922.
Then the Iran-Iraq war boosted equality by sending men to the front lines and forced women to fill in his factory workers, bus drivers, and government officials.
Still, we shouldn't demonize all of Iraq just as it's demon of a ruler and we're worth podring this contrast between an enemy that empowers women and allies that repress them.
This gaps your team as all as well as these allies reminding us to use our political capital to nudge Arab countries to respect the human rights not just of Kurds or Shiites but also of women.
More broadly in a region where women are treated as doormats, Iraq offers an example of how an Arab country can adhere to Islam and yet provide women with opportunities.
I look at women in Saudi Arabia and I feel sorry for them said to Hafer Rukha young woman doctor in Basra that can't learn, they can't improve themselves.
At the Basra maternity and pediatric teaching hospital, 25 of the 26 students in OBGYN are women. Across town 54% of Bobby University students are female.
Iraqi women who work typically get six months maternity leave at full pay and another six months and half pay.
Subsidized daycare is usually available at the workplace. Female circumcision still common in American allies like Egypt and Nicaria is absent in Iraq.
To be sure aside from brutal political repression that is genderblind, Iraqi women also endure groping on crowded buses and an occasional honor killing which a man kills a daughter or sister for being unchaste.
Honor killings typically result in a six month prison sentence in Iraq. They sometimes go completely unpunished in other countries.
A glance around any Baghdad street also demonstrates that Iraq doesn't have hangups about the female body that neighboring countries do.
A man can travel widely in the Arab world and know about women's legs only by hearsay. But careful reporting in Iraq confirms that Arab women do have knees.
In fact that I saw women volleyball players who felt uninhibited enough to roll up their sweats.
So as we invade Iraq for its barbaric and repressive ways, our allies in the Muslim world should feel deeply embarrassed that a rogue state offers women more quality than they do.
Very good article by Nick Kristoff in the Times today.
And you know something I think maybe what we ought to do is pull like a little a fast one on the Saudis.
Yeah, little fake. Oh, guess what? Guess what? Surprise. We're not attacking Iraq. We're blowing your ass off them. I have surprised.
Because that's really that's the heart. That's the where the poison lies. That's the heart and soul.
And that's where this evil evil evil doors conspire for fun and profit for oil and dollars.
But nevertheless Jimmy Brasnell writes in news day city set up for slaughter.
He says I'm walking in a silent city. There's supposed to be noise that doesn't stop but there is now a nun now.
We are here in New York. The only place in the world that terrorists want to blow up. They'll take Washington as a second choice.
But New York is the prize the place Arabs will die for. New York is a place filled with Jews and blacks and islanders and the government in Washington doesn't care for any of them or what happens to them.
And nobody says anything about it anywhere. So yesterday New York sat in silence and here with the government in Washington, out actively promoting our chances to get blown up.
All through this world trade center turmoil. I wondered why the Bush administration was so openly frightened of questions about why nobody knew the trade center bombing was coming or did they know enough about it and simply say it's New York.
We'll see what others will see what it's about when we get a chance. Let's not get into a turmoil. This is about New York who cares. They're not ours.
New York doesn't vote right talk right eat right worship right do anything right that the rest of us do.
Why the city doesn't even have a college football team worth mentioning. The whole state hardly has one. They got no men in the whole state.
Look here in Texas. We've got seven or big championship teams right in front of you. It's too easy to say that only some loud Arab and Karachi talks about Jews the way this right wing congressman army from Texas did just the other day.
It wasn't enough on compared to what he is and people actually say. Call me. I'll recited to the last accent. You don't need me writing or talking to tell you what they say about those of color.
The sun singing bush people want to throw the first day in vision notices in Iraq without ever having to care about the catastrophe in New York that is sure to follow.
If not today tomorrow if not tomorrow then anytime to get here. They don't need some huge device a body bomb on fifth Avenue is all they need that body bomb and all the others on the streets after it and the disease tossed into the subways.
The administrations were requires hundreds of thousands of soldiers enough planes to darken the skies bombs as thick as rain billions and armaments to give this Iraq and who say the beating that push in his people feel they must give.
Washington is sure that can do anything it wants in the Middle East because the only place that will be hurt over here is New York and New York doesn't count. Here are the choices for an Arab where they're going to die with a body bomb.
Waco Texas or Rockefeller Center past Google Mississippi or the Port Authority bus terminal Birmingham Alabama or Times Square.
They crouch in the dirt and Cairo and some of them know New York's read addresses they don't even know these low IQ states exist.
I still remember standing in the crowd on Broadway for the parade celebrating the great victory over Iraq in 1991.
I remember thinking they'll do something back to us that was hardly an original thought.
What was it two years later just a couple of blocks over on West 3 the huge bomb went off in the garage under the World Trade Center.
The Arabs who did it said they were nearly trapped in the garage when the bomb and a truck stalled in from their getaway car.
They said they were terrifying of being killed. Then they got out and went over to the JNR music store went up to the third floor of the classical music department and watched out the window.
They wanted tower one to topple into two and kill tens of thousands. They were keenly disappointed when this did not happen.
Standing on West 3 yesterday I could still see them carrying Joseph Gibney in a wheelchair into the smoke and snow.
People have looked at the chair over the fire hoses up in his apartment of Gateway Plaza. He said thank God it's over but then he and everybody in the room agreed glumly that it was only over for the day.
And the Arabs who did the bombing were terrified of dying and then they did to be alive. Of course they would try again this group was different.
They were willing to die and die they did to blow up the trade center government agents and agencies costing billions of dollars said they didn't know it was coming.
Why then is Bush nervous about talking about it and seeks war in Iraq to distract did somebody tell him something and he to scout it because it was New York and jeez he didn't get a vote out of New York.
Where it's Jimmy Brezzlin in the news the other day. Well he got a couple of votes.
Ride and local we're sports radio five 60s you a you a M.
Is Howard David when I take my felding I listen to the near Rogers 12 the one hour not George because he stupid.
The
troops you go give up their life or the world biggest gas station.
The high time at all costs white triad the life that will be lost can't buy it.
There's more important things to do what the hell is wrong with you.
Now break my color cry except for your foot in that and on.
Ticking advice from under the right because she works for shape on.
Power and read you and that dick chaining think for for a pipeline is a good sign but eaters from all around the world agree.
You're a functioning.
The high time that I'll cost white triad the life that will be lost can't buy it.
There's more important things to do what the hell is wrong with you.
W W wants to invade you day.
That's the decision.
W just as insane as you say.
For somebody in the kitchen.
The
couple one at five sixty W.
Are you awake?
Why not?
Why are you so non-committal?
I love Jeff.
I love him to do.
I love Jeff.
He's one of our longest and he's sponsors and good close personal friend.
He sounded like he'd been up all night or something.
He sounded comato so can't I put that in a part with Denise potman.
And you know what's even when we did those hockey shows we sure sell whatever put Denise potman on here to say all those brilliant comments used to say like on the Panther Telecast like a lot of spoons of things like that.
Although he did have a point.
Ever been to Trenton?
No.
So anyway let's see MW Goosey G U Z Y writes on Tompain dot com MW Goosey's a retired police detective who teaches criminology at the University of Missouri in St. Louis.
He said and this is the one Andy of Mayberry Morse into Robo cop.
As a former cop I've combed through the extensive coverage of the war on terror for discussion about its impact on domestic policing.
I haven't found much about the inevitable consequences of this conflict on the local departments that police are daily lives.
It is after all a categorically different experience to be greeted at your local airport by m16.
Toting National Guardsman rather than a Skycat.
Americans have always been ambivalent about law enforcement as citizens we expect locally controlled populist officials who are responsive to our communities and mindful of our rights.
When victimized however we demand cool the efficient professionals to ruthlessly enforce the letter of the law.
Traditionally then the officers role was an uneasy compromise between Andy of Mayberry and Robo cop to understand how the threat of terrorism has altered this equation a little background information is necessary.
In 1878 Congress passed the Pasi-Kamatata Sack making it illegal to use federal troops to enforce domestic law.
This act which formally ended the post-civil war area of reconstruction served to codify the venerable American customer civilian police.
Military measures were reserved for foreign threats while the police handled domestic crime.
That comfortable arrangement lasted till the 60s when local cops found themselves overwhelmed by urban riots in response larger departments formed per military police units PPUs.
These elite squads were trained in equipped along military guidelines to restore order not by arresting individual offenders but by employing infantry tactics on a hostile population.
The movement toward militarization gained further momentum during the post-Vietnam era with demand for conventional arms reduced by the war's end.
Defense contractors began to market dual use technologies that featured both military and civilian applications.
Assault rifles and armored personnel carriers thus became standard fair and major police agencies.
The missions of the Department of Defense and domestic police further merged when the Reagan administration declared war on drugs.
Suddenly we were at war with a commodity and your dope smoking neighbor was reclassified from a local nuisance to a national security threat.
In his book militarizing the American criminal justice system, criminality professor Peter Krasken notes that by 1995 89% of police departments serving populations of 50,000 or more had a PPU, a 157% increase over 1985.
Police reported nearly 30,000 paramilitary deployments in 1995, a 939% increase over a 2800 callouts of 1980.
And that was before the war on terror effectively eliminated the distinction between national defense and domestic law enforcement.
Because the current enemy is an abstraction, military and police objectives have blurred into an all encompassing but ill-defined effort to provide for homeland security.
Though the military profile of the modern cop has evolved and really responds to clear and present dangers, the transformation entails potential hazard.
In 1997 a Marine rifle team acting in support of the border patrol inadvertently shot and killed an 18-year-old goat herder in Texas.
Remarking on that tragic mistake, Lawrence Corps of Assistant Secretary of Defense and the Reagan administration observed the military to put it bluntly is trained to vaporize not marandize.
Step away from that pie and be and assume the position.
Remember Aunt B?
Pornant B? How's she B by the way?
So let's take a look at that pool and we've been able to determine there's 123 phony votes.
No, 133 phony votes for Moe. So he's got 22.
Your favorite dolphin radio play by plain answer of all time.
I don't give a crap about the dolphins.
16, Rick Weaver 95, Bill Zimfer 83. I don't listen to the games on radio 65 and Mel Howard Davis got 22 legitimate votes.
Even though it says 155 and there's 133 crank votes.
Sounds about right, then. I think they could get it over 500 before the show.
Well, let's get it over a million. Come on, you guys can do it.
Keep pecking away, baby.
Large scale vaccination called risky in USA today.
Scientists warned over the weekend that widespread vaccination against smallpox and advanced rate terrorist attack could cause many more deaths than last fall's antracks attack in an era of uncertainty.
It may be up to each American to decide whether to take the risk.
Instead of sitting there with your finger deep inside your back home, ask you're going to have to like make your own decision, I guess.
The warnings follow a report Friday that the Bush administration plans to announce a policy to offer voluntary smallpox vaccination to thousands of hospital emergency care workers, health care providers, fire and police personnel, and ultimately all Americans in case an attack occurs.
Federal health officials in San Diego at an international meeting of the American Society for micro biology would not confirm their report on Sunday.
A number of policies are under consideration said Julie Gebarding, director of Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
White House spokesman Gordon John Dunechen could throw a bioteric attack, but in June a panel of experts advised pre-attach immunization only for teams of health investigators and hospital workers, unless there's a heightened risk of attack the panel concluded the vaccine side effects outweigh its benefits.
For every one million people immunized, one or two people will die from the vaccine. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy Infectious Diseases said Sunday about half those vaccinated for the first time suffer muscle aches or fever.
Serious side effects were rare during mass vaccinations in the 60s. He said in complications and people being re-vaccinated were even more rare.
It's estimated that 64% of today's world force probably was vaccinated before 72 when routine smallpox vaccination ceased.
But it's a different world today. Ronald Atlas, president of the microbiology society said 20 to 25% of those who suffered reactions were people who had not been vaccinated, but caught the vaccine virus from recently immunized people.
You ready for that? No. They were people who had not been vaccinated but caught the vaccine virus from recently immunized people.
I heard about that though. Today with so many more cancer patients, people with HIV, AIDS and others with WICAN immune system, the number of serious side effects could be much higher by orders of magnitude.
If someone told me we're going to be attacked tomorrow, I'd be the first to favor mass vaccination at Losent, but as long as they perceived risk is low, risking the death of hundreds, maybe thousands of Americans is not a stepide indoors.
We'd have to assume the vaccine will kill more people than last fall's anthrax attack and which only five died.
The implications of vaccine side effects may not be widely understood.
Said Michael Osterholm, special advisor to HHS director Tommy Thompson. He drank water from a creek. Tommy?
I would like to see universal smallpox vaccination. He said it would be the first time in history. We would eliminate the abominable bio terrorist threat.
But at what price is the article in USA today? At what price? Well, I guess if you don't drink water out of a creek and you don't cook your neck too much, huh?
Where did he find these Yahoo's? That's what I would like to know. Where did he find that cheesehead? Where did he find that big buffoon Tom rigid? Huh?
Stanza like a like a like a god damn cigar store engine. Ever see him and Ron Diaz together? No. No, as a matter of fact.
God almighty, where does he find them? Maybe he knows DFO.
Few hair a few lost hairs over barbershop. Here's some good news. Those sparks has got a good sense of humor. This is from the Boston Globe.
Giel Seton hadn't considered seeing the hip comedy barbershop until she heard that the Reverend Jesse Jackson and the Reverend Al Sharpton
I contend the film for scenes in which a character makes politically incorrect statements about civil rights icons, Rosa Parks and Reverend Martin Luther coon, Jr.
Seton said she found it upsetting to think someone would disrespect coon in parks. Yet after she watched the film on a recent afternoon, Seton who was African American declared the comments no big deal.
I laughed. I thought it was funny. She said after she left the Fenway theater. I think it captured the way people talk and how some people just expressed their opinion on things. Everybody laughed.
Some African Americans who've seen barbershop, including some who are barbers, maintain the film is amusing, not offensive and that statements made by a black character should not be taken seriously.
In the comedy which stars Ice Cuban, which is set in a barbershop in Chicago, Southside, Eddie and opinionated a barber played by Seabrick the entertainer says that Parks decision, not to relinquish receipt on the segregated Montgomery, Alabama, Boston, 1955 wasn't special and that Iraq was committed because she was tired, not heroic.
He later calls King and alleged womanizer a whole Jackson himself gets this by the same character who also excoriates Rodney King and OJ Simpson. Eddie is roundly scolded by his fellow barbers.
Last week USA Today quoted Jackson as saying, the filmmakers crossed the line between what sacred and serious and what is funny.
I could dismiss the comments about me, but Dr. Kuhn, a King is dead and Ms. Parks is an invalid. There are some heroes who are sacred to what people in these comments poisoned and otherwise funny movie.
Jackson said he hasn't seen the film.
Later Jackson demanded and received an apology from the film's producers George Tillman Jr. and Bob Teetle.
He also requested that those scenes be removed from future cable broadcasts and home video versions.
The film's studio MGM has declined to make any cuts and as announced that a sequel is planned, barbershop has been the nation's highest grossing film the past two weeks making more than 40 million bucks.
At Los Angeles and Boston, Southside, Barbara Brian Petty said he enjoyed the movie because it was wholesome and you could relate to it if you've ever been to a barbershop.
And he said he wasn't offended by the comments about King and Parks.
What that character said is just his opinion. It's not based on fact, but he said it was just stating his opinion like we all do.
You can't be offended by one's opinion. If you do that, you'll be offended all day long. His fellow Barbara Cleon James agreed.
You go Cleon. People will say anything in a barbershop. The barbershop is where a man goes to express their feelings. They'll be open to say whatever they want.
He said in the barbershop, a man will pull something out, put something out there just to give different opinions and maybe pull something out.
As for Jackson, the activist is just upset because he's been catching a lot of flack over what he's been doing lately said, Petty referring to last year's revelation at the Mary Jackson father to daughter by another woman in the film on a fellow Barbara warns Eddie that he invented not let Jesse Jackson.
He was comments about Parks Eddie Belode pro fantasy at the Fenway screening scene.
Seat intended a predominantly African American audience reacted with cheers.
Willie Curried edging up a customer at Lawson's Barbara Unisex salon on Blue Hill Avenue, Mattapen said he watched the film as art and could relate to the characters and situations outrageous comments and any subject.
Artificial and barbershops he said I hear all kinds of stuff here all the time. He said sometimes they're just lying. Sometimes they're just trying to be funny. They just want to talk. It's a place where people come to let off steam and then we'll be shows that no big F and deal. How do you like that? So Jesse stuff it, baby.
Oh, in this opportunity, white enough about 20 shades you crazy old sparts of you. They're not buying your crap anymore Jesse.
12 minutes after 12 at 560 WQM, maybe we could send him to Baghdad, you know. That's right. Doesn't he go abroad and solve all these problems?
He just like strap him on to the end of a missile would be good. Kill two turds with one stone. You know, mattress shopping. It's a piece of cake, baby. One easy phone call to our good buddies in Dalmatte.
He's great service. They give you unbeatable selection. All the top brands in the world, Cili, Simmons, Surtak, King Quail. They give you the lowest prices anywhere in the universe and they give you a delivery deal. That's unheard of. They deliver when it's convenient for the customer for you any day of the week, seven days in the two hour window that you pick.
Like from 11 and a more until one in the afternoon from 12 30 to 230 from 114 to 314, etc. And they give you that 30 day home comfort guarantee. So you can test out your great new name brand mattress the best way, the only smart way.
By sleeping on it. So if you want to really get your back and shape and feel up at it and you have if you haven't been getting good night sleep, call Dalmatrist.
They'll be knocking on your door at no time at all. Call 1-800-MATRES or check them out on the web if you like at mattress.com.
My and local. This is Portrait of by City.
The Hoover out the Morn Mine.
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
He's in trouble. It would seem. Oh yeah. Oh my god. Guessing the big part of Normandy. yes.
Oh, Bobby, it's just a sad story.
This was not about case three.
Damn, I'm hungry, dancing.
Hey, the realm, the obelophics with his hoochie girl.
I mean, for two, now we're expensive, soothed and brand new cherry girls.
Baby, you need a little bit of that.
In the limo, he gave her a world.
She'll be touching me without feeding me.
Makes you want to hurt.
Better give me something.
Jessie's got a lovely child.
Yeah.
Got the bad-a-baby, so she will love for famous beats.
Final, yeah.
You're welcome to round them right.
She likes it spicy.
Love is mild, yeah.
I'm gonna need some more money.
She's in trouble, it would seem.
I don't ask for it.
Give me some of that red money.
I'm a big part of Fifth and Seen.
Yeah.
Give me some something.
In with his balance beat.
Yeah.
Well, I can choose pink.
This was not MLK's dream.
I'm just a character.
She's never crawled around on the face of the global.
Jessie, 1218 and 560, that would be cute.
And guess what?
I see she's going to the bottom of our website.
What?
Red Cross.
He's got no control over that.
I had to talk with him.
What do you mean by that?
He doesn't go out and individually sell the ads and program the PSA.
He belongs to a service that does that, called burst as a matter of fact.
Burst?
Burst.
Yeah.
And they're the ones that program all the ads and go out and sell it.
Well, let me ask you something.
Is Ellen Burston?
All over the place.
So, in other words, he can't control or crap.
That's an error.
Well, let's see if one out of a thousand hits you'll that'll come up.
I just came up on a weekend.
I just checked it again.
You're very lucky.
No, I'm not very lucky.
I don't want to be in a fine position in which they won't take my blood anyway.
The American freaking Red Cross.
Like diabetes?
No, not diabetes.
Don't you understand?
The American Red Cross will not take your blood if you're gay.
That's right.
I see.
That's correct.
You didn't know that?
Nope.
There you go.
But that's beside the point.
I don't want to give none of my blood anyway.
The point is that the whole business with the 9-11.
I want to give him a good one.
I want to give him a good one.
But, you know, if he has no control over it, let's not blame him for that.
Because he's got a full plate today.
He's got to get the book, you know.
No, he has a full plate.
Well, he was a full plate before he started digging into it.
Forbidden truth, I'm sure that if it would some help from Carlos after the show, he can get that thing on it.
I know it's the up there.
It's not on there.
Yeah.
Well, I saw it earlier today.
Maybe something happened.
Well, wait a minute.
Let me take a look.
Okay.
Maybe I'm talking out of school again, you know.
Let me just one moment, please.
Here we go.
Neo-Rodges, Martha Graham.
What the hell is Martha Graham?
I like that.
I do like that vest of meals, how I attack them, afraid.
I like that.
Oh, so can you wait for him to the appearance yesterday at Castaways?
Yeah.
Thinking that that was for real.
Well, I am sure that a lot of people are trying to order that book.
And I'm telling them, I don't know what you're talking about and they were getting pissed at me.
I don't know.
Let me just one moment, please.
Here we go.
Neo-Rodges, Martha Graham.
What the hell is Martha Graham?
I like that.
And everybody else in this, they're in favor.
They're elitists, they don't have to follow this.
Well, they may be above it all, they've got to write to be above it all if they claim to be.
But then in the meantime, you know, put up or shut up.
By the way, what ever it came up, speaking about.
It did.
Yeah, and there it is, right up on top for Ben Trudeau.
Well, let me go back again, just a minute.
See, I mean, am I hallucinating here?
I think you might be.
It's not on mine.
How can that be?
Try to close it.
Try to close the browser and open it again.
Oh, God, we all have time for all this crap.
Well, there's the early time.
Just still on it here.
See, part of the problem is that all this crap that's on here.
Oh, and your program is performed in a legal operation.
Oh, geez.
All this spam is on here in spite of your add-of-wear.
I'm telling you that add-of-wear.
You can take that that in 40 cents of my about a third of a cup of coffee and wolfies and they're closed down.
Add-of-wear my ass, okay?
It doesn't do it.
Let me get the job done.
That spam is in the main.
In fact, you don't even have to open the can.
You can smell it.
Can you smell it?
Ooh, I smell something.
Take it.
Okay, here, I'm trying to one last time.
We got to get back to doing a show here.
It's down there. There it is.
Told you.
Oh, okay.
It's down there for Ben Trudeau.
Boy, oh, boy. What a project that was.
I'm almost having chills and fever here just thinking about it almost.
I think what I'm really thinking about is that how to fight Sunday.
You didn't think I forgot about that during the last two hours.
I was hoping you would.
Why is that?
Because you're gonna die.
Don't you understand?
I tried to explain to you the rationale behind that.
Instead of going out and eating a big meal, a big lunch, which I very often do,
and then following it up a short time later with a bunch of like,
you know, I've been eating, no, I don't want to, I keep for a minute.
Clondike bars.
Oh my God.
I never even liked Clondike bars before.
I never had one in my life.
I mean, we got all those bits about Clondike bars.
I never had one, right?
They look kind of boring to me, you know?
Yeah, they're not bad.
They're not good to the dove bar.
Oh, dove bar would put me right over the edge.
We don't have dove bars here.
Thank God, we don't have no dove bars here yet.
Oh, I could go for one right now.
Yeah, they're pretty good.
That's what you know who's talking.
We used to bring me all those dove bars.
And I was like, yeah, we had the, here at the station, we had a nice cream guy.
Somebody used to bring me tons and tons of dove bars.
That was before I realized I was diabetic or maybe I did already know, I guess.
Wasn't it the same people that also had the fish food bars that were shaped like a fish?
And they would bring cases of the, to the state of the fish food bars?
Here's your diabetic, green line, a bunch of sure.
And then we'll take him to that chocolate restaurant, that sponsor.
And the guy will force me to eat like 15 different dishes.
I'll cover with different kinds of chocolate.
What was that place that gilded?
I don't want to know.
I don't want to know.
It's called the death palace.
Instead of child safety, a foster care cover up rights to Palm Beach Post editorial yesterday.
It's a since May, the Florida Department of Children and Families has been like a huge pod as full of oil.
The latest revelation blows the lid off.
Four months ago, about the time DCF officials were acknowledging that they lost track of five year old Miami foster child,
and really Wilson for 18 months, a grim report landed on the desk of then secretary Kathleen Kerney,
its conclusion, DCF is not providing acceptable levels of care for three or four foster children.
Paul Vincent, former chief of Alabama's child welfare department, and a national child welfare expert conducted the study.
Ms. Kerney repressed it.
To pry it out of her agency, took repeated request under Florida's public records laws.
The reason was obvious.
While Ms. Kerney and Governor Bush were calling, will you disappearance and isolated incident, the study was contradicting them.
DCF paid Mr. Vincent to conduct the study.
From February to April, his reviewers looked at 80 cases in eight of DCF's 15 districts including Palm Beach County.
The findings he said were among the worst he's seen.
Taxpayers weren't the only one stone walled.
Representative Sandra Murman, Republican and Tampa chairman of the Special Committee investigating DCF,
says she didn't know about the study either.
The reason for the cover up is obvious.
The study would have embarrassed Governor Bush, just as his reelection campaign was heating up.
Four years ago, he promised to fix the foster care system in six months.
Today, DCF is in worst shape.
In June, the governor had to send social workers and law officers scouring the state for hundreds of missing children.
Many of them runaways, he said, as though that made them less important.
DCF foster children are troubled boys and girls. Many are traumatized if not mentally ill,
after being taken from their parents and parents from foster home to foster home.
Last week, a 17-year-old girl found floating in canal was identified as Morissa Carp, a DCF runaway from Broward.
Her father, Gary Carp, told the SunCentral of Fort Lauderdale that his daughter had suffered from depression and was violent and suicidal.
He had fought for years to get her help.
Did DCF provide the psychiatric care she clearly needed?
In Palm Beach County, Mr. Vincent's reviewers found a 13-year-old boy living in his 19th foster home in a year.
The boy also violent, complained of headaches and auditory hallucinations, symptoms of schizophrenia, but DCF did not obtain brain scans for a year.
Mr. Vincent did not even address safety. His group studied whether the system worked, where foster children in school, in stable situations,
how well the social workers deal with the problems that caused the agency to remove them from their homes.
DCF got low marks in 12 out of 13 categories. The easy conclusion is that children were not safe.
Governor Bush can't deny this skating reporter the cover-up. The public has a right to know and the governor has a duty to take his responsibility.
Oh! Excellent job, Palm Beach Post.
And the people of Massachusetts out there are still, who will it because his name is Bush? You understand they know who he is?
He's another Bush-meister?
Which is quite practically ought to be all the more reason to vote against him.
But it won't be long now. It's October 1. It's only about five weeks away.
And then you can go to the polls and maybe your voter will be accounted right now. That is the case, maybe.
Which we got some stories about that too. Practice, precinct workers practice for November 5. You know, practice makes perfect.
1227 at 560 WQM. Does this sound like you overworked?
Uh-huh. Underpaid?
Stuck at the dead end job?
Uh-huh.
Well, if you're underappreciated, do yourself a favor, pick up the phone and call the good people at Fast Train.
Pull free call 1-866 Fast Train. The demand for certified computer professionals has never been bigger than it is right now.
And Fast Train can help you achieve a big new career in his little-as-4 easy months.
Fast Train is South Florida's largest certified Microsoft Training Center and they have four locations for it. They're in Pembert Pines.
They're in Fort Lauderdale. They're in Kendall and they're in Miami.
Fast Train offers convenient day evening weekend classes. They got a full-time job to place the apartment with over 30 years' experience.
So if you're overworked underpaid underappreciated, just stuck at the dead end job working for some puts.
Don't wait another minute. Pick up the phone and call Fast Train. Tool free at 1-866 Fast Train.
In four short months, just think about this. You can be on your way to becoming a high-paid computer professional and a career with great earning potential.
In other words, a real serious fat paycheck.
So take my advice pick up the phone and call Fast Train 1-866 Fast Train. That's 1-866 Fast Train or check them out on the web if you'd like it fast train.com.
My and Low Halls. This is 4205-60.
Way to Way.
Push, push, push, push to the moon!
Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music Biography Profile Story.
We take a good, hard, stiff look and a start-up.
They gave us one of the defining songs of 80s new way.
Now they give us a line of bulls**t about why they let Burger King use it in a commercial that one time.
They were modern English.
Oh, stop the world out of mouth with you.
Oh yeah, ask anyone. When we were up met with you, we were thinking of... of... she's, yeah. That's it.
Gooy and delicious cheese. Oh, melting on top of two old beef patties.
Oh my come on, this rockin' room, man.
Tonight, you'll hear modern English month man, Colin, full of it, Harris.
Asking us to believe that he knew the song would be used in a commercial years later.
When you think of it, a woman is like...
Cheese, really. She's tempting and delicious. About 30% fat.
All those years, she told me that melt with you without how great the sex was with me.
Now it's about a f**king cheeseburger.
Colin's ex-girlfriend, Wanda Kamabair.
I just feel so... sheep.
It's like all those times she was with me. He might have all been dry-humping a sandwich.
Finally, when confronted with the image of dry-humping a burger, the leader of modern English stared down his demons and told the truth.
We didn't sprite this song for a commercial. We needed the money!
They're there, guys. As far as using your song in a commercial goes, you're in good company.
With a bunch of other jerk-off sell-out scumbags, most of whom were far more famous than you.
It's a big, juicy, soft-ing-wet-looking-chill business. Tonight, on inside the behind.
Well, what about a fat sandwich had that special sauce on it? I guess it would be different.
From 32 to 560 W.Q.M. I noticed we got a nice even number now, 130 phony votes for Moe on a pole.
Your favorite dolphin radio played by playing on Sir Voltaim. So that cuts him down to 40, which is just about the right percent.
Got it? Got it.
I don't give a crap about that often. I'm from 31. Rick Weaver 104, Bill's in for 95.
I don't listen to the games on Radio 79 and Moe will be having 40.
130, right to the number of phony votes. This story you just facts me is enough to make my blood boy.
Thank you, Adam. And then, of course, they definitely won't take it at the right cross-raining place.
I'm going to give myself Adam Hoo to rent, man.
Oh, Adam, to rent, give us this story. Which one he talked about?
What about Johnny Cochrane? That's the one? Yes.
Well, I'll be God-dang, man. You know what this is out of the category of?
Sparrow's out of control. First, it's reparations and restitution and prostitution.
And now Cochrane says black coaches held a different standard.
Attorney Johnny Cochrane, Jr., I guess he must be bored lately, huh?
Released report yesterday that criticizes the NFL's hiring practice involving black head coaches
and threatened to sue the league if it doesn't adhere to suggestions, remedy the situation.
How do you like that, huh?
The report called Black Coaches in the National Football League, superior performance inferior opportunities,
was compiled by the Washington Law firm of Mary and Scalott.
It addresses the league's hiring and firing of minority coaches using statistical information compiled over the last 15 years,
caused to the NFL last night were not immediately returned.
Dr. Janice Madden, a labor economist, determined that black coaches average 1.1 more wins per season than white coaches
and led their teams to the playoffs 67% of the time compared with 39% of the time for the white coaches.
But Cochrane noted there've only been five black head coaches since 1986,
Art Shell, Dennis Green, Tony Dungee, Ray Rhodes, and Herman Edwards.
Only any napless Dungee in Edwards of the Jets are currently employed is head coaches.
Black coaches are being held to a higher standard Cochrane set at a news conference,
and now is the time for the NFL to step up and make a change.
And wait to hear this, the stimulator hiring of African-Americans as head coaches,
Cochrane proposed that Commissioner Paul Taglia-Bubu reward at least one team each year for developing a diverse front office with a draft pick.
What now?
In other words, if you put on a spartzer head coach, we'll give you an extra draft pick.
He also asked, why?
That'll change the complexion of the game.
He also asked the NFL to require team owners to include diverse racial groups when interviewing candidates for coaching positions.
According to the report, owners can choose to opt out of this requirement, but to do so, they must forfeit a draft pick.
Cochrane suggested team surrender a first round pick for refusing to interview minorities for head coaching jobs,
and the third round pick for not interviewing minorities for assistant head coach or coordinator.
The creators of the report plan to talk to Taglia-Bubu about their proposal, and the next few days, Cochrane said he's prepared to take legal action.
Oh!
We can litigate this. We can bring a lawsuit, Cochrane said.
I think the NFL is reasonable. They understand that this can end up in the courts, and they'd rather not see that happen.
But let's see if we have a dialogue. You can only litigate after you've done everything you can to negotiate.
Cyrus Mirry, whose name is under Cochrane's Honor Report, served as counsel in two of the largest race discrimination cases in history involving Texaco and Coca-Cola.
Rasking for a fair opportunity to compete, Mirry said.
Cochrane says he doesn't want to bully the NFL or make money on the deal.
Our motives are driven not by personal desire or financial gain, but to correct what we see as great inequity in Americans' game Cochrane said.
Mirry said Black coaches have lots of a chance to retain their job, then White counterparts.
One bad year in your out, he said. You're out. There seems to be a lack of patience as far as Black coaches are concerned.
Oh my God!
With all the problems that dark folks face in this country day in and day out trying to scrape a couple of nickels together to go out and buy some fried chicken and a couple of chitlins and maybe a little watermelon for dessert.
And this grave robber, this grandstander, he's worried about suing the NFL now to try to coerce them into hiring Black coaches whether they want to or not.
Man, oh man. What is there that you can say about Johnny Cochrane that hasn't been said already, huh?
He's an asshole. Beside that. How many pages are you faxing me now?
Must be.
Oh and here's one that says you shouldn't knock San Mateo. It's the hometown of Tom Brady. Love San Mateo.
Didn't know that. See you learn something about this year everyday. Tom Brady's from San Mateo, California.
Oh and you faxed me a lot of stuff I guess I can use tomorrow. Of course tomorrow being Wednesday we've only got three hours for stuff for bedtime stories because new to one every Wednesday we do a Neal's vits.
Oh it's speaking of it. So forget the new book of Brian CD you'll be on it on our website.
Any moment now, right? Is he been in there? I've got. Yeah and I'm holding the demo version right now.
All right. Excellent. You can come as a look. It's sharp. It's snazzy. There's what do you call this a dedication on the back from Rich Pacta?
A scathing dedication and it's great and it's probably the Paul Harvey Jr. Ripon who I asked.
No doubt. So anyway, we also got from Bokeh Brian.
Orch is like a whip and without monkey. Oh I love it. I love it because you know what they say? The trained monkeys around the loose again.
That's what they say on a morning show.
I was attacked by the monkey bun. He wasn't named my friend Punjab. Oh no I don't feel safe in India.
Oh I'd rather be in New York and drive a cab. Thank you my friend.
Thank you my friend.
Where did I get the information from? The previous call? I'm not sure. I don't know. Are the trained monkeys out again?
Oh boy. There we go. The trained monkeys must be out again. We're added again. Make no mistake about it. Where did you get your information George?
What information?
22 to 1. What do we got? We got managed to choose today. We got the mad dog who's still going to be trying to get over that embarrassing that shocking
that all been stuck on Sunday in Kansas City. Hank will be on from three to seven. A full four hours today. I can't get over that.
What is that? The first time in about seven eight months he's been on for four full hours. I think he's had a great scam going. Nice going, Humper.
Rob Conrad will be on with Hank from five to six. And then we got the playoff stuff. Hard ball with a crow and the angels and the Yankees.
And he came to the baseball stuff gets out of the way and then Joe and Mark overnight.
I say let's get there. Let's just skip the playoffs in the world series this year. Okay. Let's get it over though. It's boring. Terminal, ponderous.
And I still say how come there hasn't been a major countertumps about David. What's his name there from the Marlins?
What's his name?
Samson. Okay. And without Delilah.
I had a brain fart there and they well it's easy to forget him.
That phony attendance from Sundays game just to avoid the embarrassment of having the lowest attendance in a major league.
Even behind a Montreal expose. Oh my god. 28,000. My ass. What a what a sham. What a scam. What an insult.
I'm not why they don't just do that every game. Just make up some phony number to avoid the embarrassment.
I guess who you're kidding David. Samson you idiot. And how dare you show up even is laid on Moe show.
What else wrong with you?
Yo yo yo. Let's rate.
Oh 20 to one at five sixty WQM. Here's something that's good for you. It's called Oliomid.
Inside that little capsule is some amazing stuff. Pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with vitamins and minerals and minerals.
And they make different concoctions for different aspects of your health.
There's one capsule and designs specifically to help your hearts held. One to lower your blood pressure. One for your cholesterol. One for your prostate.
One for your circulatory system. One for your digestive and endocrine system.
There's a product for your skin and bones and even an Oliomid supplement to help your mind.
All using the benefits of the best the purest the finest the loveliest olive oil that money can buy.
And Oliomid helps some men and women as well separate products for each.
It's an outstanding exciting new product and more more stir is becuring it.
Fix them up today. Oliomid at whole food markets. Wall greens including the one right in front of the brand new pizza lot and plantation.
Navhil and sunrise. Fix them up at Sedano's and Avarro pharmacies as well.
If you'd like to get more information about Oliomid and what can do for you call their toll free number and ask away call 1-866 Oliomid.
That's 1-866-OL-E-O-M-E-D.
And you can order their products off their world famous website too if you'd like at OliomidAmerica.com.
Find and local. This is 566. There are a few of yours now.
Q-A-N.
Even the hizou.
Q-A-N.
A-Sounds that you hate.
But I'm an idiot and I think they're really great.
I doubt that you can't handle one or two. Much less or eight.
A-Sounds that you hate.
R-M-N from the boys they will surely separate. I tell you what they are.
Guaranteed you'll go.
I like fingernails on a blackboard.
But people crack their neck for their knuckles.
When I rough style a phone together.
That just makes me shuck.
A-Sounds you can't stand.
But you could tolerate if you were a handsome man I am.
And to the list of eight.
A fork and a knife scraping on a plate.
Scraping on a plate.
Scraping on a plate.
Here's one I really love.
You might want to try it.
Give me feedback in my headphones.
Oh yeah. That's more like it.
Little more, little more over there.
Little more.
Hey, sounds so unique.
Now let's review so you can really, really free.
Figure a nail, sign up for it.
When people crack their neck for their knuckles.
Rub and style a phone together.
Cause it makes me shuck.
I like fingernails on a gym floor.
Raising in a movement on window.
When it guesses to drilling my mower.
That makes me say, no.
My boy singing on his record.
You can't hold on, fine china.
If these have give you the chibbers.
That makes you a whiner.
Hey, you've got lots of someone bite their fork like this.
Cause I love it.
Here, I'll do it again.
Do you have a nervous system left?
How about the squeegee wiping a window?
I'll back my neck.
Suffering whips.
Suffering whips.
Oh wait, I got one more.
Oh, you know what's when he left out?
He left that one out.
Remember I threatened to play that eight sounds the other day?
Yes.
And I find I got around to it.
594 votes in our pool.
Some of which are real.
And of course we can always spot the phony votes.
Cause they come in and get it clumps and chunks.
And it looks like they kind of gave up.
They kind of like halted at 171 for mower.
Until you mentioned it just now.
Until I mentioned.
No, no, I don't care about that.
Cause I mean, it's pretty easy to keep track.
You can do the math.
I feel like I have 100 or 200 votes.
You do the math.
So I figured out if you subtract, it's not that hard.
462 of the 594 legitimate votes.
There's 130 phony votes.
And so he's got actually I was being generous given him 40 votes.
Cause he was doing about 7.5%.
Consistently all the way through.
I think you should just divide by pie.
Oh, speaking of pie.
The sun can't set on the sun prior to soon writes Robert here.
I don't have what we can't afford to wait for this for tomorrow.
No, we can't.
The US has no right to indulge in imperialism.
This is from today's L.A. Times.
He says it sure smells like imperialism.
That's the word historians use when powerful nations grab control of desired resources.
Be it the gold of the new world or the oil of the Middle East.
Imperialist read is what regime change in Iraq and anticipatory self-defense are all about.
And all the rest of the Bush administration's talk about security and democracy is a bunch of malarkey.
In the laundry list of reasons the Bush team has been trotting out in defense of a unilateral invasion of Iraq.
Oil is never mentioned.
Is the fact that Iraq holds a huge pool of oil.
A pittling footnote to this debate.
Is that Gulf War protests sign no blood for oil too cynical.
Even Passe.
Perhaps we should ask national security adviser Condoleezza Rice, who served as a chevron director and had an oil tanker named after her.
Despite her corporate connections, Rice's a scholar and should know her history.
For 50 years we in the British before us have assumed the same non-colonial posture.
I'm sorry, neo-colonial posture.
These have a Iraqis we do with Saudi Arabia and it's surrounding sheathams and Iran.
The Gulf War, fought to save US corporate interest in Kuwait and Saudi Arabia,
was only the latest example of this heavy-handed policy.
Think Haliburton and Vice President Dick Cheney.
The strategy is pretty much the same as that drawn up by the Romans.
Find and support local strongmen who can deliver the goods to the imperial capital, come hell or high water.
How they treat their own people is not our business.
We've never cared about democracy in the Middle East unless one of its dictators happened to fail the Toa R line.
This is why our CIA facilitated the rise to power of Iraq's bot party and ultimately this succession of Saddam Hussein as its current leader.
The first Bush administration supported Hussein providing with the means to wage chemical and biological war up to the day he invaded Kuwait and other of our client states.
After his defeat we became totally disinterested in the freedom of the people of the countries we had rescued, so much so in fact that Saudi Arabia was allowed to thrive as the world capital of religious hatred and the major sponsor of terrorists producing Osama bin Laden in 15 to the 19 hijackers who gave us the 9-11 tragedy.
The same content for democracy is marked our policy toward Iran that other member of the axis of evil we help create when Prime Minister Muhammad Mosadek moved to eliminate foreign control over Iran's oil, the CIA and its British counterpart overthrew him in 1953.
Despite our babbling about democracy we had no compulsion about replacing the elected Mosadek with a guy who claimed the hereditary right to the throne as Shah of all Shahs.
When the Shah dared to act in the interest of his people and his own bank account by bolstering the organization of petroleum exporting countries in the push for higher oil prices we came to regard him to as expendable.
Even our support of Israel has less to do with the struggle of a brave people for a deserved homeland and more with the usefulness of that country as an agent of our midi-stand visions and a reliable ally in offsetting expanding Soviet influence in the region.
With the end of the Cold War we were at a loss for a noble reason to justify our heavy midi-stand visions which has been enormously profitable to some American corporations and industries that are well represented in this administration.
Support democracy? We do subsidize Israel the region's only functioning democracy but our motives look less than peer when we fall over cooperative dictatorships such as the regime in the United Arab Emirates which forked over $6.4 billion to lock heed Martin for fighter jets and gives us access to its oil.
Having just fought to free themselves from under history's great empires this nation's founding fathers firstly and repeatedly more into the risks of imperial ambitions because of this most Americans whether liberal or conservative grasp the fundamental truth that foreign entanglements destabilize backfire and cost too much in lives and dollars instead of exploiting our natural patriotism to fight a nonsensical war our government should forego the temptations of empire.
White Robert here today's LA time. I mean you know too many of these articles just make so much goddamn sense but there are a lot of people out there too stupid to deal with the truth they just deal on this gut emotional level. Oh yeah it's the good guys in the bad guys they're gonna get us we gotta get him first.
It's interesting he hasn't been getting us for a hell of a long time in it right but nevertheless even after we chased his ass out of Kuwait back so let's get nothing as a matter of fact. I don't know.
Any day now. From 51 at 560 WQ and we got the mad dog coming up only moments away at 1 o'clock this afternoon with more alibis for why the dolphins stuck the joint out on Sunday it's only one game no wait to listen.
Hey speaking of stinking the joint out if your carpets aren't in the cleanest the shape if they're not if you're kind of embarrassed over the fact that they're looking so bad here's the answer for you the miracle workers that draw concepts the best in the universe I've been using them in my house for over 20 years my mother uses them my picky ant uses them.
Everybody I know uses them and you have you use them yet yes I have and I need them again as a matter of fact there you go and of course in your case the price will be right make sure that.
Whose account is this not we know.
For us for a while like I said he'll take care of you okay good balled shorts are dry concepts man they're certified technicians they come to your home right on time whenever you make the appointment they roll up their sleeves they dry clean your carpets which sucks out even the deep down dirt and the five is your carpets make some look just like brand new smell
and fresh and you'll have an amazed look on your post like holy crap how can even these carpets look so sensational they dry and just a couple of hours and you ready to rock and roll again and dry concepts also doing unbeatable job of cleaning your furniture and drapery spot dying fiber protection carpets repairs in plan oriental rough service second to none the
organization and if you ever have a flood complete water damage restoration to as far as peace of mind is concerned about a stupendous job at a fair price they give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job you can't beat it so called right concepts today you'll thank me for doing it in
Broward called 9 5 4 3 7 0 7 7 7 7 8 9 5 4 3 7 0 7 7 7 7 8 in data Palm Beach is a toll free call 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 that's 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 clean today entertain tonight with dry concepts
we're sports radio 5 6 4 3 8 8
is just these guys and the consultant whatever the heck it is and the people I call in they're just like them like that they run the year what caught the weed in their high and
there I mean it's terrible the years that I've been looking at listening to 6 10 and I see it.
I don't know why they hate me. Oh why they always read me. It must be because I can't.
I'm on my arm like a ramic now he maplaco on I got beans on my nose nobody knows that under my clothes I wear pantyhose but that don't mean that I'm gay.
If you think my arms have had your nose see my legs. I might as well keep on smoothly shaved to show a little clasped the next time I'm raking it.
I could go to a surgeon but that gives me the shivers I would not want to walk on looking like Joe Rivers.
Where am I? I fired the beast the fat little freak I did him a favor now again upon the heat the reason I dismissed that sticking fat past it is big.
I see wouldn't shut up and he can't play conaster.
Hey somebody talk over there nobody talk to my rat I rap then you talk.
Look at me I'm hit hit I ain't no square I'm a ding dong daddy man I'm really dead.
I buy a ready what I want I don't care but believe they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair.
I got fired myself it even happens to the grapes Westwood one said you'll get out of here or else we break your legs.
So now I sit by the pool life since good as it gets with my paladin cocktail placing bits of the gents paradise paradise and I kiss nobody's hair since paradise.
I'll be sure to not the screw kids when I get the chance but the clean is already with my lime green pants.
How long does it take?
Kelly calling complete and we just a little thought so what I left this day.
I think that's why you want another sandwich buddy I can do what I want but the management loves me.
Can I tell you something? Oh something you ought to know but the longest time I wanted you to be my home.
You I might write pal now I have to tell you who you don't take no for an answer.
But it's time for you.
Yeah it's not like they're on a wacky weed or whatever the hell it is you know.
What is it the weed?
1257 at 560 WDQM the angry how it will be along in just a couple of minutes.
GOP now supporting English measures says the Washington Times Denver voters are embracing the anti-violent bilingual education initiative on the November ballot in Colorado Massachusetts.
The question is why won't Republicans fearful of alienating Hispanic voters Colorado Republicans are either ducking the issue or coming out against it.
In Massachusetts Mitt Romney is the rare Republican candidate who supports the measure.
The initiatives pushed out of the ballot by Silicon Valley software millionaire Ron Ones would replace bilingual education with one year English immersion classes after which students would move on to regular courses.
Poll show the initiatives garnering more than 65% of the vote in both states.
Even so the list of opponents reads like a political who's who democratic lawmakers teachers unions and school boards.
Mr. Ones knows most Republicans are afraid that supporting English instruction would provoke a backlash from the growing Hispanic population.
They're absolutely scared to death Mr. Ones said.
But it would be awfully nice if some Republicans would stand up for what Republicans have been saying all these years.
Not that he didn't expect this four years after starting English for the children from his palo aloe california home Mr. Ones knows the drill.
First he spends big bucks together enough signatures to put his measure on a ballot.
He watches at the opposition marks up endorsements contributions advertising of volunteers.
In the end it doesn't matter on election day his initiative wins by a landslide.
That's how it happened in california 98 and two years later in Arizona.
And that's how the scenario is playing out this year in california and Massachusetts with one bigger exception.
For the first time the anti-bilingual education measure has actually got a big name Republican supporter and in Massachusetts of all places while Republican candidates in conservative Colorado refused to jump on the anti-bilingual bad wagon and liberal Massachusetts.
Mr. Romney is gambling that the ones and issues rising tide will have lifted him into office.
How do you like that? Stay English God damn it.
What?
You beeners.
So anyway the pool today we asked who's your favorite dolphins radio play by play announcer of all time play by play that is.
Of course if we did on color we know exactly who.
All right.
Right.
With all due respect to Hank.
But nevertheless we're play by play guy now.
I'm all Howard David got 173 which we figured out that well 41 of those are legit.
OK.
So I don't give a crap about the dolphins 134.
Rick weaver 116.
Bill's in for 103.
I don't listen to the games on radio 84.
And the final tally for a Moe who's got a zillion phony votes on there is 40.
Which is kind of appropriate because don't you think.
Fody foe kind of rams with Moe.
Bye bye bye.
Some football programming to tell you about whether you want to listen live on your radios and south Florida or tune in.
To our listen live feature here on the website.
Monday afternoons at five X Dolphin that more joins the hammer to talk college and pro football Tuesday's at five either Dolphin fallback Rob Conrad or cornerback Patrick
or Tane joins the hammer to break down this past weekends game and look ahead to next Sundays.
