I'm sorry.
This is South Florida's only one.
Chris and I are on this.
Chris and I are on this.
Please leave on cast group station.
I'm on this group.
This is better in Jimmy and Danny.
Where's the baby gravy line?
He has him on queer street right now.
I'm sorry.
Join the NRA to chart gun today.
Have yourself come down on Christian fun.
Blow your friend away.
We'll back you all away.
Chris, then make your right to run a gun.
When you think of all the benefits you're getting.
Life will be sweeter when you pack your heater.
You carry a license to be deadly.
Come on and join today.
Any American way to be a member of the NRA.
Oh, hey for the me.
Hey for the chest and always hey for the head.
In case they're wearing a dress.
Sharp in your skin.
Make it more hard for you.
Be there to defend your right to all the jobs.
Come on and join today.
And you'll be proud to say you're a member of the NRA.
Hey.
How's it going, eh?
902 at 560 is that overhead like turned completely down or something this morning.
Boy, we have some technical hijinks in this place every day.
It's like a new experiment and the audience is used to that.
I kind of enjoy it.
Hi, Jinks.
You know what I was thinking?
He doesn't know Chris.
That's what I was thinking.
Maybe that's the problem here.
Another sniper shooter this morning.
Although, you know, they're not positive it was a sniper, but you can be pretty damn sure.
Police in Montgomery County, Maryland were investigating the shooting of a 40-year-old man this morning.
But it was too early to say for sure whether it was connected to the sniper attacks that have left 9 dead and 3 wounded in the Washington area.
The victim was shot in the chest.
He was standing on the top step of a bus at a bus stop, if already said.
The shooting was reported 556 this morning in the Aspen Hill neighborhood of Silver Spring.
In area close to the scenes of several of the previous sniper attacks.
It wasn't clear whether the man was getting honor off the bus when he was shot.
He was on the top step as all they know.
A commuter bus had been pulled over and some roads were being blocked.
Police and cars and helicopters converged on the scene, which is close to a wooded area.
Authorities took the victim to a trauma center where he's been treated.
40-year-old man, it's all we know.
And of course, it's all sniper all day.
Do you understand that?
When I call CNN to let them know that.
It's all sniper all day.
But with Musi in charge of this, I think another two or three years we ought to get this all nailed down.
I mean, that business yesterday with those two beeners, that was beyond embarrassing.
Really beyond embarrassing.
Like, we really believe that this guy is clever enough not to get caught all this time.
And he's going to give them a phone number of a phone booth to go to and then meet them there at a given time.
And they're all waiting in the lurch, you know, they're all gathered around.
And they converge on a phone booth because there's a white vehicle there on Minivan.
And it's two beeners to undocumented aliens who are making calls answering white ads in the newspaper looking for day work.
And now they're going to be deported.
So it goes to show it wasn't a total loss.
Right.
That's what George said.
A little bit of overkill.
I was in the hospital.
I was in the hospital.
Yeah, just a little bit of overkill.
But hey, it was a white vehicle.
Had nothing to do.
Absolutely nothing to do with a sniper with the shootings with anything.
He's not going to give them a phone booth that they can they can get the location of the phone booth in 30 seconds.
He can't be that stupid.
You know what I'm saying?
Maybe his problem is good for Chris.
Yeah, that's true.
Yeah, I'm going to tell you seriously, Mo and I got plenty to say about you.
Plenty.
I mean, lots.
But first of all, as far as this business about how the show sounds, I want to tell you this.
This man has taken that morning show to a new level.
I'm not just talking about numbers, which when we get the hour to hour, then we can really examine those numbers.
And somebody please explain him out at book works.
See, midday this summer over last summer, we went up three tenths of a point, little George, up three tenths.
Not a great number, but still number one as opposed to being number seven.
You know what I'm saying?
We were number one and men.
Hank was number two and a morning show was number seven.
But the Jimmy and Danny thing, which I mean talk about overkill, that was obnoxious on this station.
And some of you I'm sure we call it Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy.
It got to the point where we almost had to bring in the Jimmy and Danny police to prevent some of the people on this station from getting that one dementia.
That's all we had was Jimmy and Danny.
Now we got a rendez and good job by Chris.
Yeah, Chris, around the end Chris, three hours of a rendez in Chris.
Panthers played a game last night. They won three to two.
They pulled it out in the last couple of minutes there.
And he talked about that.
No.
World series going on.
Tied up a game of peace.
Any discussion of that?
No.
All sorts of other things going on in the world of sports.
But you know something, the hurricanes don't even exist anymore.
Those college football ratings, they don't exist.
There was nothing going on besides a rendez in Chris.
No.
And Chris and Aronde and he doesn't know Chris.
Well, that's why we're not talking about on the show.
See?
We must be missing out.
Narrow casting, Mo.
Somebody better explain to you.
Okay, that first of all, that even the sports nerds are going to put up with that.
You think that every sports nerd in this town is a dolphin fan, especially in this transient town.
We got all these New Yorkers and New England people, Moldys people, Root Brother teams.
You think everybody in this town wants to hear all dolphins all morning?
Well, if they don't, who needs them?
That's true.
Scrum.
When you got a big number like that, Scrum.
I'm driving to work this morning and they're talking about Aronde and Chris and Chris and Aronde and strictly the same one dimensional thing.
And out of nowhere comes this comment from Mo.
You know there's a guilty, there's 40% less trained monkeys than a year ago at this time.
See, he's got a sheet in front of me, which I have the same sheet of paper.
On the left hand column it says a 9.6 on the right hand says 5.9.
Both being number one, by the way, spring in the summer book.
Not last summer book, which was a 5.9.
See Mo, that's where you went wrong, Mo.
You don't understand what you're reading.
You're trying to manipulate, see, when I give the numbers out on this show, which I've been doing for like over 20 years now, people tune in the listen because they know I don't make them up.
If they're good, we read them.
If they're bad, we read them.
If Mo would have had a 10-year-old, I just said, hey, he's helped us make some extra bonus money.
Did he do it?
No, he cost his money.
But it was terrible numbers.
So you can be in denial all you want and you can come on in and say, hey, the Howard David show never sounded better than does that.
That's pretty sad comment that it never sounded any better than does right now.
Because here's a guy that's been on the year for eight months as he thrown.
I'm looking at the trans as he thrown one big, exciting number in here in eight months?
No!
No.
And especially these numbers are deceptive because these are 6am to 10am numbers.
Maybe Barry Jack asks if he lists them and Greg calls you and gives it a deceptive number for Mo's number this time.
Maybe you'll be smart enough to realize that he's trying to peddle you off like he did last time, the 6 to 10am number, which he's not on 9 to 10am.
And whatever number he gives you is inflated by at least a point because we goose him up over a point even though he don't appreciate it.
Are you trying monkeys out there because we don't talk about around the increase.
Good for crisp.
Yeah, screw him.
I mean, seriously, talk about one dimension.
It'll be like if I came on here and said, you know, the third race at Pompeydo Park the other night and I talked about it for the entire show.
I'm not saying that as many people care about that as the dolphins, of course.
But even the most fur and the fans must be a little bit, you know.
It's just like this thing with a media now.
This is a very big story and very disturbing and very disconcerting and it's said, so on and it goes on and on and on.
But all sniper all day that that's all we got all sniper all day is the story in the media.
Here's the full result from yesterday speaking of the smite the smiper coverage.
Was that something exciting or not because you had a look at one of those stupid ladies wanting information about the business about what business.
Like you know, when you get a call and they say, you know, what's your address and your phone number and all that stuff.
Good job.
I told her no.
875 votes yesterday is pulled the media coverage of the sniper has been just another feeding frenzy like OJ, Sean, Rijon, but a et cetera.
598 votes 68.3% of you said that and you are absolutely correct feeding frenzy a psychotic feeding frenzy.
Tonight we got another panel.
And the guests on the panels are interchangeable from Larry King over to MSNBC to Chris Matthews.
We got we got Mark.
What's his name?
I can never think of that guy's name for them.
No, no, not Mark Grace.
The guy with a mustache, Mark Garagos.
He's now moved over to MSNBC and we've got the bowdeeal.
Do you know that bowdeeal was the fifth beetle?
598 people said the feeding frenzy by the media.
149 said it was it's been okay.
Outstanding 65 only 7% and too much 63 7.1%.
So if you add too much and feeding frenzy together got like 75.4% say, oh stop already.
You know, let us know what something is going on but bringing on all these experts who haven't got any idea what they're talking about.
Oh, well this man is obviously a loner and he's this and he's that and well this man is obviously part of conspiracy.
Yeah, right.
They haven't got any idea who it is.
They got no more idea who it is and then moosey man's got an idea what day of the week it is.
And with him and charge baby you just know that it won't be more than another what 510 years before they catch these bastards or whoever it is.
10 past 9 we got a new poll which we'll get to and of course today be in Tuesday.
Tomorrow would be Wednesday when we do that noon to one thing but I will see if the audience likes that or not.
The noon to one of comedy bits we'll see.
You know we all have different lifestyles mo therefore we need different products to make us feel better and be healthier.
Some of us need a bad hair piece and of us need a bag.
Oliomad Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins minerals, herbals, other good stuff in there.
Scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help support specific health needs.
Look for Oliomad's three new formulas which are sleep weight management and that great coq 10 all using the benefits of what is wrong with you.
I think you're having a real ass.
Jesus I can't wait to get out of here again and that's one of the reasons I've looked at this red face little spec all using the benefits of the finest olive oil you'll find anywhere.
Oliomads and outstanding products available at public's accurate and log reans for more info call Oliomad at their toll free number 1 866 Oliomad.
He doesn't know Chris that's 1 8666 5366333 you can also order Oliomad online at Oliomadamerica.com.
If you visit your nearest public's and purchase an Oliomad product and date are powered you can get you a coupon for a free Larry Coker bottle head down while supplies last.
You want one? No. Don't forget to visit their sampling provision at sports time every Sunday with an offensive plane home games too.
Pick up free Oliomad samples and product information start feeling healthy right now start popping some Oliomad in your purse.
My I love this is 4356.
There's a butt I smell it.
We put a retarded girl in our old and mischitzubi sheet to show you how well it drives.
We were in the showroom.
We were in the showroom.
Look at her go.
This is funnier than watching retards at the park.
If someone had severely retarded can have that much fun and end of the day.
She's having a lot more things to do.
Hey watch out for this.
I'm 15 at 560 WQAM.
I'm 10 to the facts.
I'm 10 to the facts.
Anyway we got six votes on the pool.
I haven't even given the new pool out yet.
We got six trained monkeys on the pool.
I'll train the people on the pool before we even give the pool out.
They got it up there real quick because he's in between breakfast.
They called 830 this morning giving that pool so I give it on there.
I don't interrupt my feedings.
I got that facts about what does it say?
Chronic facts are by the way.
Phony Joy says please try to get a copy of the first five minutes of the show this morning.
He rips you in George says the numbers don't tell the truth.
He says how are David's showers never sounded better.
Chris and I'm on day around in Chris.
Chris and I'm on day I can hear the book of Brian bid already.
Chris and I'm on day around in Chris three solid hours of that.
I don't think even at the lowest level of the Jimmy and Danny.
Crisis that we went through here.
I don't think even at the worst level of that we ever went through a three solid hours of it.
There's at least a little something.
But at any rate his show has never sounded better.
A man in total denial eight months and he's yet to throw a solid number in there.
You know what we have all these trained monkeys here, which is why I guess we're doing so well.
Although did you realize there's 40% less trained monkeys?
No, I didn't.
Here's the poll question today and the reason I'm doing it is because I don't know whether we should continue that new to one comedy bits are every Wednesday.
No, because our new to one hour is down.
But I think that's I think that's beat well we don't know that for sure yet.
But do you watch?
You'll see tomorrow when they are today when those numbers come in hour by hour.
But I think the reason for that being that since the show has become a little bit more political show.
I think that the right wingers at noon they abandoned us and they hit over to rush into a bill or rally and whatever else they can find.
I think that's the Republican rift.
I see. Well, put all to them. Okay, too bad.
But I'm also thinking that noon to one thing that may shut some people off of there.
I don't know. That's what we're asking.
What do you think of Niels Wednesday's noon to one comedy bits are?
And I'm asking this on a Tuesday.
So it gives us an opportunity to like plan for tomorrow.
You know what I'm saying?
I love it.
It's okay.
It's a waste of time or I hate it.
By the way, thanks to Jeff Cohen and my good friend Marcy.
We had a good time at Pizza Lock yesterday.
The new one in plantation.
That's a really nice place right there behind Walgreens.
You can't see it from the street but the food is the same great fresh delicious food.
The portions though are just gigantic.
I could have brought you and Carlos and fat rich in there and still had some leftover.
Just gigantic portions.
Everything fresh.
The kitchen is beautiful.
Sparkling clean.
Even Jeff looked a little cleaned up like maybe he's showered some time in the last six months.
Probably a shower in there too.
Wouldn't surprise me.
He's got some magic rooms in the back.
I don't know what they're doing in there but I can only imagine.
So thanks Marcy.
It was a great time and the food was excellent.
Etc.
It's so on.
It's really good.
Here's that poll again.
What do you think of Niels Wednesday's noon to one comedy bits are?
I love it.
It's okay.
It's a waste of time or I hate it.
Tuesday at smallville night.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Nobody forgets you can't blame me if you forget about it.
15 votes on it already.
We haven't even started the poll yet.
See I voted for it's okay because I don't want to like see what I'm saying.
I can take it or leave it.
I like it.
I like it.
Yeah, but that's selfish.
See we like it because it's an easy hour.
What do you think of Niels Wednesday noon to one comedy bits are?
I love it nine.
It's okay five.
I hate it one.
Oh, it's changing again.
36 votes.
Now that I mentioned it, they're clamoring on here.
I love it 20.
It's okay eight.
I hate it five and it's a waste of time three.
So so far it's pretty well cited.
Here is a great column by Frank Zakaria in this past week's Newsweek.
Not the brand new news week.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Time to take on America's haters by Frank Zakaria.
I wonder if his first name really used to be.
Good for Chris.
Chris.
Or maybe a rendez.
He says one of the most troubling realities of the Muslim world today is the cowardice of moderates.
Mainstream Muslim leaders, political and religious, do not condemn religious extremism often enough and vigorously enough as a result fundamentalist gain courage and their poisonous views go unchallenged.
Unfortunately, the same phenomenon appears to be working out with America's own homegrown fundamentalists.
Last week Jerry Fawba announced on CBS's 60 Minutes that Mohammed was a terrorist.
His comments are part of a trend.
At various points, Pat Robertson is called Mohammed a robber and a brigand and described Islam as a monumental scam.
Billy Graham's son Franklin has chimed in as well frequently calling Islam a very evil and wicked religion.
While there have been scattered condemnations from editorials here and there, there has been silence from the White House in most mainstream political and religious leaders.
Commentators who fraud the mouth when they read of one of the crackpot mules in Egypt saying noxious things about Christians and Jews are now silent.
Forget about Islamic moderates for a moment where are America's moderates?
In this case, the extremists are not obscure characters but rather three of the best known religious leaders in America with tens of millions of followers and huge political influence.
Fronfin Graham was invited by President George W. to deliver the prayer and his inauguration last year.
Islamic fundamentalists are having a field day with these comments which have been played and replayed throughout the Muslim world.
Al-Jazeera's broadcast fire we call and shows on the controversy.
There have been protest in India, Malaysia, and Iran and fundamentalists from London to Indonesia are saying in effect we told you that America hates Islam.
Iran's theocrats have used full-wells comments to rally the country behind their otherwise unpopular regime.
Throughout the Muslim world, America's friends, the reformers, the moderates are embarrassed while its foes are celebrating.
As it confronts the war with Iraq, the United States is trying to convince the Arab world that it's not a war with its people.
The White House and the State Department have devised major new programs to tell Muslims that America is concerned about their welfare.
Yet our case becomes much harder to make and Gen. T. efforts at cultural exchange will count for nothing against the factor of a bigoted ranting by preachers.
For the next decade or so at least the single biggest issue for American foreign policy will be its relationship with a 1.2 billion Muslims around the world.
Getting that relationship right will have a greater effect on protecting American interest, including the lives of American citizens than any other.
And fall while Robertson and Graham's hate-filled campaign is lighting fires that could grow into a terrible conflagration.
For the fundamentalists of September 11 solved an urgent problem. Over the past decade they've been searching for enemies.
Their old ones, abortion rights advocates and homosexuals have not proved as useful as they had been because Americans have become more tolerant on social issues.
Immediately after 9-11, Falwell and Robertson decided to use the tragedy of fire up their flock.
In a joint appearance on National TV, Falwell blamed the attacks on the pagans and the abortionists and the feminist and the gays and lesbians who are actively trying to make that an alternative lifestyle.
The ACLU, people for the American way, all of them have tried to secularize America. I point the finger in their face and say, you help this happen, Robertson concurred.
Other fundamentalists joined in. Billy Graham's daughter and Graham Lott's told CBS's Jane Clayson September 13 last year that the tragedies were replaced because Americans have shaken their fist at God and said, God, we want you out of our government, our business, our marketplace.
All this backfired, in the next few weeks the preachers were roundly condemned by hundreds of organizations, newspapers, magazines and politicians, including President Bush.
Falwell and Robertson back down issuing apologies and claiming this ingenuously to have been quoted out of context since then they've stopped peddling that particular brand of intolerance in Muslims they found an easier target.
As President Bush has repeatedly noted since 9-11, confronting extremism works, it'll work again on the home, at home if he would only try.
Right for read Zacharia. Did I call him Fred? Well, at least I would call him Chris. Good job by Chris. Yeah. Good column.
And have you heard the President by the way, disavow those comments since a week ago Sunday when that crap was on 60 minutes, of course not.
Because he's scared crapless to alienate that constituency. This is this is one of the funniest things ever read my life. It's obviously, but somebody faxed it to me.
Colorado judge imposes ban on same sex friendships. This is great. In a landmark decision being watched closely by both civil liberties advocates and people who have friends, Colorado 5th District Judge Stephen T. Rosema to they upheld a statewide ban on same sex friendships.
The decision which effectively outlaws casual, consensual, mutually friendly relationships between two individuals of the same gender is expected to have a major impact on the legality of same sex friendships across the US.
The controversial decision is based on the case of Greeley Colorado residents John Rooney and Frank Custonata, two friends who were tining a weekend rock climbing trip to your Semite National Park this July. After their travel agent informed local authorities that she suspected they were friends, a local apelacor block the trip, deemed it wholly inappropriate.
These two men were in great danger of enjoying each other's company. Rosema said they may have attempted to communicate meaningfully with each other share stories and anecdotes are possibly even engaged in physical contact such as high-fiving after a successful climb. Such behavior the judge added is an abomination.
Rosema clarified the lower court decision ruling that these sorts of close mutually agreeable relations between two men are not what God had in mind when he created Adam and Eve. This is why they weren't called Adam and Steve. While conservatives are applauding the Colorado decision many said it doesn't go far enough.
Senator Strom Thurman recently called for the ban to extend the same sex conversations calling them unnatural. Thurman is the author of the much discussed proposition D which would outlaw same sex locker rooms.
Men should be showering with women not other men though if they do shower together they should be legally married before God.
Two states Missouri and Louisiana have already made same sex locker rooms illegal instituting a mandatory co-ed policy that requires all showers to be paired with the partner of the opposite sex and legally married before entering the bathing area.
Before showering at her health club Friday Kansas City resident Jennifer Jacobs 34 was wedded Jean's skillings a 60-year-old executive from the suburb of Mitchell Park.
I wanted to work out and then take a shower Jacob said but in accordance with the law I married Mr. Scalings and will serve as my husband for the rest of my life.
Despite supporting same sex friendships in 1992 campaign calling them valuable and nurturing bonds that fit the definition of unacceptable behaviors prescribed by the Lord Christ in heaven president Clinton said he was pleased by the judge's decision.
I very much support eight to ten persons same sex gatherings such as ladies bridge groups are meant poker's nights at Clinton who confessed and playing in a monthly high stakes poker game with top generals and heads of military industrial establishment two men alone no no way.
Despite Clinton's support rumors persist that the president himself is engaged in a friendship with former US energy secretary James McEwen with whom he periodically has been seen eating lunch.
Mr. McEwen is an associative mind and our lunches are strictly strategy sessions Clinton said he did not deny however that when playing golf with McEwen they sometimes walk ahead of secret service agents are briefly alone a practice that is prompted many to question Clinton suitability is a moral leader.
The Colorado worldings expected to pave the way for similar bands in other states many of which have legislation pending conservatives are working not only to ban same sex friendships on a national basis but also the outlaw any asexual reproduction in the single cell in vertebrate community.
These filthy and immoral invertebrates are not acting in accordance with the Bible and by his holy word must be put to death thermon said.
Obviously a little bit old but acute very cute.
So whatever you do and I'll talk to me talk to Chris he doesn't know Chris oh I'm sorry well you got to get to know him in a rendez in a rendez in Chris and Chris in a rendez be great.
67 votes already what do you think a niels noon to one hour comedy bits on Wednesday 29 I love it it's okay 17 I hate it 11 it's a wasted time 10 so it's like 46 to 22 you following that.
See he's not he don't want to speak to me no no no no you did the right thing you know don't be speaking oh they'll come and drag your little spit cast away just like those two beeners yesterday.
279 see he's talking to me I'm not.
It won't help anyway let me tell you about dial amatris right now if you're sleeping well maybe you're sleeping alone let's only hope so and certainly if you're sleeping with anybody else you damn well better be married to them and they better be old and ugly.
And anyway dial amatris 1 800 mattress is the way to get you a great new mattress for your sleeping activities whether it's with somebody else whether it's by yourself it mainly the sleep in part is the most important because if your mattress is lumpy and bumpy and we're not you're not going to sleep with crap so call 1 800 mattress dial amatris will get you the best brand day mattress in the world at an unbeatable everyday low price they got them all they got
Serta and Cili they got Simmons they got King coil the names you know and love and when you call dial amatris what a deal all the way around because you pick the day in the to our window for delivery when it's convenient for you when a day seven days
week like between 10 and noon one and three to 14 and 4 14 etc and you get that unbeatable 30 day in home comfort guarantee so you can test the mattress out the right way by sleeping on it and screw in your brains out on it from to a month pick up the phone a call right now they'll be there knock it on your door in no time at all 1 800 mattress 1 800 MATT RES or check them out on the way if you like at mattress dot com
my and local this is 4 205 city
way to way
George in yet another people attend for a morning number the 560 WQAM programming brain trust proudly present the mohauer Joe and the two other people
in the studio
hello
and welcome to the mohauer Joe
look we're on the air
over here you're more on the
oh that height moh
and fully advanced out and help me with the show
okay say how about that Ricky William
why you
I can see here you're more on we ain't talking about no fish on my show see only sports I like
now come here you're
on the
what's the name of that carl
what's that
it's a family show
I don't mind
baby
I'm a big star you know
I'm
I'm sweet cakes I just want to touch your head
don't miss the mohauer Joe each and every morning on 560 WQAM
but that's not that anybody cares anymore
we do most of the audience off already so why not
hello George
932 at 560 at least he's speaking to you now didn't I yesterday
toward the end of the show
even more these numbers came out and it's obvious that they really need some serious help there in the morning
and he's costing us money the rest of the day by costing us bonus money
by bringing a whole station down with the lowest number on the radio station
even Robert knew that this morning that they got the lowest number on the whole station
but at any rate
uh... did not stand the hand of friendship and said that we wanted to
we want to embrace him i don't mean physically all
but i mean like you know
just uh... generally speaking
that we want to be a team
all the rest of us are sending our hands of friendship and he's like rejecting us
I notice he don't even promote the mad dog anymore because i guess that's too close to that
a juke bag gizguzler so he don't even promote him he starts with a humper
and then moves through the rest of the day
in terms of his idea promoting the station
see your cost of us money otherwise we wouldn't care because the rest of us don't care if you get like a point one mo
uh... we couldn't care less but the fact is that when it cost everybody else money
then we do care
to understand
yeah
like if somebody should get struck by a bolder lightning out in the parking lot then we do care
see
if it comes in a very inopportune time
but the fact of the matter is that those are our numbers will be a what today or tomorrow do we know
no we don't want to be nice if somebody would tell us if they were working feverishly on that right now
i'm sure high boy is uh... something i hope i have a way down there banging on it and twisted it
and the i can get it and get it ready for treasure island and all these other things searching for it
because somebody in maybe little maddy bell maybe hill pop is a little ugly head in the door here before the show is over and say
here you go here you go
or maybe the door will open and there will be somebody uh... stop it on that walker
you know he's a lot more dangerous on the walker than he was in the chair
you know he couldn't fall over in the chair
right the chair at least was uh... fairly immobile move very slowly but the walker he's like
troplin or wrong and you just you don't want to be in front of that one
uh...
the shmit hits the fan or there when you don't want to be in there when the shmit hits the can
believe me
he could fit all the way in there by the way
with the walker
yeah he can take the walker in with it
the only problem is he can't get out
because the walker blocks the doorway and he has no way to get it out of it
and anyway
the highest ranking boss at our stasis official implicated in the clergy sex abuse
crisis admitted to molesting three boys more than twenty years ago a friend of the
priest alleged in sworn testimony filed yesterday in Boston
one senior Fredrick J Ryan who was vice chancellor under cardinal oberto madiros
admitted to molesting three boys when confronted by a friend former Boston
Bruins Chris Nylon
according to Nylon sworn testimony filed in suffix superior court
by the way how about that Bruins kicking my leafs last night for the one to leaf suck
man they suck
and any of the beagle sucks no gold-tending man who Joe gets a shout out and we're
in like a civ
Ryan allegedly sexually abused Gary Garland David carning a third unnamed man
and maintained a sexual relationship with the unnamed man until three years ago
Nylon said when questioned under oath in lawsuit brought by carney against
Ryan and the arts diocese
Nylon forty four a friend of both Ryan and the three alleged victims confronted
Ryan after allegations surfaced earlier this year
I needed some answers from my own sanity said Nylon was married ceremony was
conducted by Ryan
having done confession with him before I had had a hold of him to supposedly
what is his morals and values of the church were Nylon testified that he
demanded know if the allegations were true
and Ryan then admitted that he abused all three boys during a trip to Rhode
Island it was then that he also admitted to the longer relationship with the
unnamed man Nylon testified he told me that he had continued a relationship
with his get up till about three years ago a sexual relationship which kind of
floored me Nylon said of the unnamed alleged victim Nylon's attorney
Francis J. Demento Jr. I wonder if he's keen to doctor Demento
said his client really didn't want to be involved in this but understood his legal
responsibility to testify Demento asked about Nylon's specific allegation
said he had nothing to add what was included in the deposition said it was
unlikely that Nylon would come at himself attorney Timothy P. O'Neill
who represents Ryan and Mark C. Rogers who represents the art styles in the
case of course the now returner call seeking comment Nylon said Ryan initially
didn't recall who Karnie was to the mention of tattoo that Karnie got in
Rhode Island allegedly on the trip with Ryan you know what rhymes with tattoo
screw Ryan was past her saying Joseph church in Kingston had the
plumber's vicarious I give up well that's a new one on me I mean obviously
we know what that is but we just don't say that again overseeing 16 southern
parishes of the Boston art styles is when the charges arose he is suspended
has in the past refused to comment Daniel J. Shay attorney for Garland
and Karnie took down the position in June he has since parted with his clients
Garland was arrested March after driving past Ryan's home in revered and fleeing
by car when spotted by Chelsea police he underwent a psychiatric evaluation
after police veerdy went there to hurt Ryan or himself Ryan was a chaplain
to Catholic Memorial High School in Boston where Nylon and Karnie both played
hockey though there were nine years apart Nylon played with the NHL for 15 years
10 with the Montreal Canavians two with the Bruins and by the way Don
Sherry's very lame defense a Harold Ballard on coach's corner Saturday night
was enough to make me puke okay still in the aisle grapes still in the aisle
former belling hand priest accused of sexual abuse arrested in Canada speaking to
that well you don't tell me there's more this crap going on I thought we're
supposed to be like all sniper all day now are we are we all talking head sniper
talk all day and then of course it's a rendezvous Chris and Chris and a rendezvous
seriously three solid hours of good job by Chris and that was it
and this man wonders why the numbers are in the crapper and he's in denial telling
the audience that he's shown never sounded better if that's the case boy he's got
real problems if it ever sounded better than this morning to say it was narrow
casting to say it was one dimensional to say it was just repetitive redundant
grotesque would be a compliment you know what so many bell come in yet with those
hour by hour I can't wait I want him now I want him right now maybe we're wrong
maybe he had a giant three hours maybe our year nine to ten hours song that could
be maybe mad dog had two huge numbers there in September and we sucked wind maybe
there are twenty percent maybe there's 90 percent of the train monkeys are gone
okay because after all is now that I'm sitting here doing periodicals on the
year what is it what is it called at time periodicals on audio people like Tom
jica aren't listening do you think there's any chance that Tom jica isn't listening
is there any chance of that no he's listening right now he's got a stomach on the
down he's got to turn up so goddamn love the people of the sun sent or having a
nervous breakdown turn it down a little bit Tom okay turn down at goddamn
periodicals on audio a real tired priest invited in Worcester superior
court for thirty two counts of indies in the salt and battery has been arrested
in Canada following an international extra edition requests made by the Worcester
District Attorney's office in august don't you love that word she says I love it
or just the shy the Reverend Paul de Salay was arrested in july at Quebec we've
had the stuff about him in the past and a schedule to be arranged today
according to a statement issued by Worcester District Attorney John Jay Coddy
according to the indictments de Salay 78 allegedly abused 18 former older
boys between 1978 and 84 a 10 year statute limitations and effective the time was
suspended when de Salay left the state in 1984 and moved to Canada hey how do
you like that now what's this a facts if you didn't hear the interview Chris Carter
by Moan Geldy here it is oh here's a here's a rundown on it something about the
right me look at that this is this is beautiful maybe I'll have time to read this
but I don't it looks like it splashed them it's okay don't be knocking our
close buddy Mo okay that we're trying to bond with now which evidently he
didn't take too kindly that because the rumor court that one facts was he ripped
both of us an ass between six and six oh five well you know that nobody's
awake yet including me well we should try some gold bond maybe that'll work do
think so maybe ward bond might do it or maybe Chris bond he doesn't know Chris yeah
I don't know if there is a Chris bond but there must be somewhere there might be a
Chris bond 105 votes on the pool so far and this is a Tuesday so just this is a
tabloid Tuesday by the way I don't have tabloid stuff I don't know this this
week's tabloid stuff was relatively I mean there's some okay stuff here but
not the way thank you Bill oh yeah thanks Bill for the magazines and to think
I went a while I wouldn't have had time anyway and Anderson news thanks to
Bill Anderson news for bringing us a whole crap load of magazines and especially
Georgia's dirty magazines you got this morning yeah there you get any dirty
magazines see only in America would they call them dirty magazines in America where
we see it's okay it's okay to run around with guns and kill people but it's
dirty look at pictures of naked people that's bad there are a couple but there isn't
the new playboy with Christie Swats naked people be bad but guns are good oh
let's make sure and of course like you said to me and you're right but you know
me I just can't I can't deal with it it's way too late all this business about gun
control forget about it too late when everybody in America's got 75 guns and an
arsenal of weapons I mean what's the point you know and we got a cowboy a gun
slinger for president so it kind of fits right in started with that old gun slinger
Ronnie Ray gun back in 80 let's just all get one that way we'll be even one
several you better get with it mister what for ever oh evidence marker senior the
woods is what they're saying about this lady shooting this morning and now they're
saying by the way it was a bus driver the bus driver I'm at bus to gut shot not
a passenger the bus driver they keep changing their tune every five minutes 20
before 10 at five sixty wq way and let me tell you about a place that never
changes their tune they're doing the same great things for now the heaven for
last two thousand years brandy shoes and pomp under beach where they continue
to give you the best selection of men's and women's shoes the best service in
town and prices that every single day of your life are unbeatable now
wondering if this tag is correct because it says we could ten fourteen and I
haven't seen bald headed Troy yet today I don't know I don't know see this is a
see they're probably all packed up and get ready to go to Vegas they can't be
bothered with us at any rate brandy's has got your size and the shoe you want
in stock all the time the top names in the world they got rock ports S.A.S.
spirit timberland naturalizer and lots more in fact Troy's probably
suit enough getting ready for practice to line up with the dolphins this weekend
or next one over the hill or playing a week from Monday brandy's open every
day nine nine Sundays ten to five you'll find them at twelve nine you know
federal highway and pomp and obi like I said they're unbeatable all the way
around for selection service and price and all this week we think I don't know
if this is still going on if not blame it on Troy's
record tell the guys up at brandy's hey Troy's an asshole is that oh man are you
right this week at brandy's rock ports on sale men's bocho's only forty four
ninety men's pro walkers only forty nine ninety only this week maybe at
brandy's in pomp and obi think
five and a local this is five sixty three years old yours
you
that I am a pussy planning your next vacation looking for excitement in exotic
locations then make your next pleasure trip a memorable one visit
Palestine relax as you dine and newly remodeled open air restaurant marvel at
the view of the morning sunrise from your open air hotel room experience the
cultural differences between Israel and Palestine and back to Israel again all
from the comfort of the local marketplace as it changes hands each day you'll
be blown away so plan your next excursion to the land of enchantment
Palestine we're just a stone throw away from the gorgeous strip and your
problem answers and do I like that I forty four five sixty w.a. let's see what's
going on here at suburban hospital there like details from the police
I just can't comment on that can't comment I'm sorry I'm sorry everybody that
we can't comment and you see the eighty fourth press conference with Lucy
man yesterday the one where he kept saying can't it wouldn't be appropriate to
comment on that at this time everything that we'd be doing is you see that
one no I turn it right off when I see the move oh come on you're not going to
walk to the Lucy man he's very entertaining yeah well but he can't comment about
the investigation and he can't comment about but he said that together we will
get this uh... so together if we work together seriously stop and think about
the resources they use I mean these are the people that were interesting to
catch anybody and they think that this guy's actually going to give them the
number of a pay phone and he's going to show up there at an appointed time I
mean let's get serious but at least they caught those two beeners let's hear it
for them
they called an i and s they're going to deport those bastards in america's a lot
safer today
because we got two beeners out who are looking for day work
i don't want to say that confidence on my part is low but this uh... this could
go on for a very long time you do understand that
could go on for a very very long time
and these people know absolutely nothing it's it i will say this
i give a lot of credit to people on these talking head channels nsnbc cnn and
fox news to be able to fill up twenty four hours a day this is even better
than christina ronda and jimmy and danie
with a bunch of people who have not gotten any idea what they're talking about
they don't know who it is who they are where they live what they look like
their shoe size they know nothing
and then paul is breathlessly on her about that note you know that they found
on Saturday about the note well he did the the the rumor was that there was a
promise in there of more violence as if as if we expected him to stop
lucky i'd threaten the he had to give them like a man like a warning
just like sending a message to joe zaza you know what's the point don't send
all messages go out there and uh...
unfortunately kill some more innocent people
you already know that victim is a male about forty years old and uh... he's
either was the bus driver that bus or was not though depending on which
report you believe this morning
here's something a little bit lighter okay can we lighten up just a little
bit now uh... charm listing priest and people get in shock by some crazy
as sniper and mow getting all better to shape because his numbers up
and all play must-mall were written for you were waiting for that month when
you throw in a really big number
and what he doesn't understand is because he's alienated virtually every
minute building he's also alienated great deal of the audience
so we've been a thing do listen to his show a lot of them are going to write it
down you follow what i'm saying they're not going to put it down in those
diaries and this is the same and by the way who came on here not too often
long ago and encourage his audience don't listen to the show that follows him
you see what i'm saying so talk about teamwork talking about this is a man who's
working against us
you see what i'm talking about i cost us money is encouraging his audience if
i ever said that i'd be the biggest on a beach and i do just the opposite
i encourage everybody listen to the station twenty five hours a day because we
need the money
george needs that extra bonus badly
not that he never get it but he needs it badly
and to think of the fact that we got some guy coming on here and tell people
don't listen to that show that follows me
talk about a hard-ass but let me ask you something
how's christina rande doing now you're like this story
although before i do this story i should mention something very bad the price of
chocolate is going to go soaring now because you know where most of the cocoa
comes from south america doesn't it no no i've recosed okay all right and of
course they're having all of that civil unrest there and we just had all those
people evacuated there and lots of crap going on there
which i know in africa's very unusual but at any rate so as a result there's a
shortage whatever takes price at chocolate but here's the good news peruja
have you ever been in peruja at least i guess not i haven't either but i hear
it's a great place chocolate statues cocoa
flavored pasta even solid chocolate panocchio
noses are some of the sweets on display at an annual week-long festival going on
right now dedicated the food of the gods
chocolate day and estimated thirty thousand people converged on the umbrium
city of peruja about a hundred miles north of
room for the first weekend of the euro chocolate festival this year's name is
chocolate and cinema to celebrate Tuscan chocolate here's Simone de Castro
can start out Castro Simone de Castro constructed life-size
characters from the newly released Roberto Bidini film panocchio all made a
solid chocolate visitors could marvel at the sculptures in a
panocchio you know something there is no language that sounds better than a
titan now you'll say you know that business about
Spanish if it's spoken about it oh and i even though i have no idea what most
of it means i mean it did have my five minutes of Italian thanks doctor jack
but i don't know what i mean but i i can read it you know i can read it fairly well
that sounds pretty good so it's like a scam you know i read it like i have
some idea what i'm talking about which i don't like everything else you know i
talk a lot i have no idea what i'm talking about that's what that one asshole said
all that uh need see uh him or guy i got another fact i mean yesterday by the way
who's still listening and also hates Moe i forgot i forgot that facts
here's the guy who's upset with my liberal my left wing read readings and
rantings but he still takes the time yesterday to fax me and let me know he hates Moe
they hate you Moe visitors could marvel at these sculptures in a panocchio village
where de Castro sold panocchio cups and t-shirts as well as panocchio noses
cone-shaped chunks of chocolate sold and weights ranging from two ounces to more than three pounds
hmm bring it on we can't make enough noses assistant Pamela Fontana Marvel
people just keep buying them at a special event this past sunday five sculptors on
platform sculpted huge hunks of chocolate in the scar trek uh
trek characters and scenes from la dolce vita throwing scraps of crowds who gathered to watch
for the baby some parents yelled for your father for your father as they held up young
children over their shoulders trying to get a piece of the prized shaving
Georgia likes to get a piece of a prized shaving probably from britney's crotch
the euro chocolate fest the euro chocolate festival has been held every year since 1996 in
peru geohomo per peru jena have you ever had peru jena chocolate i think i have
was it doors markets they used to bring those in i think it was no long time ago or is it one of those
one of them used to send peru jena chocolates they're pretty damn good uh maker of idli's famous
bachi hazel night and chocolate candy ever had bachis try to think peru jena lint and valorona
were among the vendors selling their sweets during the festival which ends sunday while some
visitors found prices for the top name brands too high and the crowds too large others
relished in the extremes of chocolate holism in an all chocolate beauty salon chocolate soap
merizan meriz pan meriz pan was it marzipan sam gam getting carried away now just calm down i
start with a chocolate burger up so we ever seen that show uh death by chocolate that guy in tv
on a york food not sure you don't watch the cooking shows you just watch the accrette
let's see in all chocolate beauty salon chocolate soap marzipan body lotion and cappuccino bubble bath
run sale saleswoman gave free chocolate baths chocolate tattoos even styled here with chocolate
paint and chocolate covered berries time is precious the well dressed man said after he had his
hair styled with chocolate you need to spit it on beautiful things they've had a beautiful thing
like chocolate in peru jena super can be in peru jena having chocolate from head to toe just covered
in it yeah licking it sucking it enjoying it and instead we're sitting here and uh watching people
get shot every day because this is a crazy with crazy people with guns that's america for you
crazy people with guns all speaking of that brazil police toward bomb plot i'm so glad that somebody
else has got crazy people besides us sale palo brazil police toward a plan by organized crime to
blow up the sale palo stock exchange with a car pack with explosives authority city yesterday
a car carrying about 65 pounds of explosives was found early yesterday in a highway near the city
campinas 50 miles north west did i say campinas you did 50 miles north west of sail palo said
geodifridden uh oh go to fraydo betting court go to fraydo you go and see fraydo head of the organized
crime division of the sail palo police i'd rather see christ myself or at least a ronde police
blocked the highway and the can deactivated the explosives through front of the suitcase along with
dirty laundry bitten courts said Carlos Alberto de selva i thought he was the aboston strangler
the spokesman for the sail palo state security department blamed the first capital command the same
group that planted idli prison rebellion in february 2001 using wiretaps are intelligent service
intercepted phone calls that help uncover the plot silver said they discovered we knew what they
were planning an abandoned the car he said police arrested petro lena maria de carvalo felicio
i like that she's got 16 different names petro lena maria de carvalo felicio the wife of Jose
marcio felicio a jail leader of the first capital commando by its acronym PCC she carried messages
from her husband who other PCC members who would execute the plan silver said newspapers reported
the bombing was planned for sunday when presidians cast ballots in a royal collection for president
today and they're famous for like a lot of these bombings and blowing stuff up in brazil like all
over latin america because it's the latin american fn way not as much as in colombia of course
uh-oh now we already know about the harry belifonte thing but i like that you know it's it's
well worth it we don't want to skate over that too lightly harry belifonte the colip this is
from fox news today the colipso singer and dancer who emerged as a hot young star during the
era of backdoor entry for black entertainers i that's a bad line you know backdoor entry for black
entertainers yeah it sounds like back to him doesn't like the two most prominent black officials
entering through the front door earlier this month belifonte accused secretary of state colon
pal is being a house slave for adhering to the party line of administration belifonte clearly
opposes there's an old saying in the days of slavery there are those slaves on the plantation and
there were those slaves who lived in the big house you got the privilege of living in the house to
serve the master colon pal was permitted to come into the house of the master belifonte said on
the radio talk show in san diego belifonte also accused national security adviser kanda lia's
a rice of turning her back on black people and while pal earlier shook off the statements with
the laughing dismissal book leaders responded this weekend of the charges they don't properly
represent i think it's unfortunate that heary found it necessary to use that kind of reference
pal said on fox news sunday i don't know what reference he would use to white cabinet officers
who were in the house of the master pal probably crackers pal said belifonte had the right to
attack his politics but i had it i'm serving my nation i'm serving this president my president
our president and i'm very happy to be doing so he said rice speaking sunday on a news program
also retorted everybody should be able to debate views but i don't need heri belifonte to tell me
what it means to be black but belifonte 75 wasn't the last black american to harp on pal and rice
for backing the bush administration civil rights activist and general schmittes derber jesse jackson
jumped into the phrase sunday when he told a black church that pal is not on our team it's kind
like here mow is not on our team he's on the chris and aronday team but he sure not on our team
when i say our team i mean the whole rest of the radio station the barrage has conservative
african americans up in arms both of them the democratic braisbating machine is now in full motion
said nigger in it i denied your ines of the congress of rational equality i always say that you know
what's the name of n i g e r maybe he's from nigger ria niger ines of the congress of racial equality
core ines said they politically correct crowd views black republicans as sellouts not successes
absolutely correct he sure got a good point they believe for you to be authentically black
you have to tow their line if you don't tow their line then you should be disciplined and the way
the discipline you is to call you names and by chastising you not by challenging you on your
policies and asking for a full debate and discussion on the issue but throwing stones at you
author and columnist url hutchinson added that the debate demonstrates how independent thinking
blacks are chastised for not doing a liberal line some blacks have said that velifatis made a
point since pal and rysar products of a bush political machine that chose them to be members of
the team james kohn author of martin and melcom and america dream or nightmares had melcom x
criticized main stream civil rights leaders and groups as the black leadership was chosen by the
dominant white society now did the bush administration choose pal so what's the difference
cone said it's not a nice thing to say but the truth is truth is often very provocative and hurtfully
said that's right the truth hurts mall that's true her it's painful it's enough to make your
flippier lid god damn it speak it lid how does the steve m do it why should ask the pony tail about
that because the other pizza loves in baby i've actually ponytail in those steve m you think he
probably knows him real well and by the way ponytail i'm wearing a real nice shirt today to be
pleased about that i don't need any lessons coming from him on uh... you know
on uh... being a fashion plate that could be the title of your book what's wrong with my shirt
yeah what i have had so many people i'm not sure you saw the shirt i was wearing yesterday
it's a sure it's just a sure it's a pocket it's long to wear it i thought it's i like that
sure it was a color it was colorful it was a little bit you know lousy and i didn't want to say
it was yeah now you're getting carried away gay okay he said it's a little bit gay
so today and i'll visher it i'm wearing today is beyond reproach okay
right light brown it's not a brown it's kind of i don't know it's like a it's like not in the script
but it's like certainly not out of date no is it you need to go to austenburg
one of our fine sponsors by the way George so watch it
nine fifty seven five sixty w two if i could look if i could be a fashion plate like
jef koan i had really have it made i'd have young guys just uh... both sides right now just to
crawl all over me instead what if i got time layman oh now times a good guy is just old and ugly you
know time layman at halibut ponte at gmc say no tricks this all the way just treats and believe
me time i don't want no trick from you and i think we grade zero percent hollywood event going
on right now at halibut and i'll speak in a hellet you know i saw in the elevator yesterday bye
isenberg a had some cost to come it's about most numbers yes with the proof credit from gmac
gets zero percent financing speaking of most numbers zero percent financing up to sixty months on
all two thousand two ponte x and gmc models and select two thousand threes or take a rebate of up to four
grand here's even more good news no payments for up to ninety days check out the complete line as
always of gmc SUVs including that snappy envoy voted by motor trend as SUV the year like i told
yesterday don't get a white one plus cd all new ponte act vibe SUV with the power of a fancy shmancy
sports car here's duck with some of those uh our by our numbers not come on do something useful for
us go beat many bell over the head tell me what the numbers now we want the hour by hour power
had a big book you know that uh... with that crap they played on the hall halibut also got a great
selection of use car structures SUVs dependable ones no limits on that lot and if credit is a problem
for you if you've been a deadbeat most of your life if you never had a job if you're like a scumbag
they'll still cut you deal in halibut ponte act don't forget it's the great zero percent hollywood
event it's going on right now and halibut act in your final same great location they've been doing
people right for over thirty five years one thirty four one south xe highway west one across from
the falls halibut act gmc who be professional grade
we're sports radio five cc
u a m
the
a
And my launch got back
I told the Russian side
Or been in the planet what happened fun
But I'm sure I'm 20 million that's for sure
Now I left his birth bound
All because it couldn't pay their dues
All I've got to say is through those Russian dudes
Lots of bucks they won't aid
Lots of bucks they needed
20, 50 dollars
Okay got one question for all you folks out there
How's Chris and Aronde doing?
1003 at 560 WTQA, I'm happy Tuesday to it
How is the pool doing?
Because I better keep a close eye on this
Because this is the prelude to tomorrow's show
Whether we do that noon to one comedy bits or every Wednesday
We've been doing that for what about a month now?
Just a month?
Longer than that?
It feels good
It goes back to Toronto
I know I started doing it up there
Now what precipitated that?
I remember one day
How do you were feeling your voice hurt or your...
Oh it's back when I had...
By the way thanks again Dr. Hampt for solving my sign
You notice I have no more of that
Even with the QA allergies here
I got some sorbitol drops too
Should have act up again
Oh great thank you
What do you think in the end of Wednesday noon to one comedy bits are
We asked 150 votes and nice even numbers so far
I love it 61
It's okay 44
See the people...
I always put one in there for the people that don't want to get over enthusiastic
You know it's okay you know
How do I look today?
Okay
And not too good with that shirt
It's a wasted time 25
And I hate it!
HATE IT!
Good for crisp 20
So let's see positive 105 negative 45
So it seems almost overwhelming so far
That they like that noon to one
It's a nice break especially with all these depressing things going on
Another guy getting shot this morning
The bus driver 40-year-old guy was in a hospital now in Maryland
As the beat goes on
And it's a moosey man between a moosey man and what's your name?
I think they'll solve the problem
What's your name?
I'm CNN
Judy Woodruff
No not Judy Woodruff
No Judy's praying to God
What was I?
Judy's praying to God Paula
Paula you gotta see her
Paula
We address that with that
Okay good I'm glad you will Paula
Maybe we can get Leon Harris there
In fact look at that! What a psychic moment Leon Harris!
We're right there, no it was foul
I hadn't you noticed I wasn't looking up
I was looking right straight down
Who's on the screen?
Leon Harris for only a moment or two
He said something about Kirby Puckett
Lives in the end, tuck it
Give him a lollipop and he sure could suck it
And that what he said?
And then he said something about good job by Chris?
Yeah
Now this thing about what's the difference between a priest and a pimple lachle
And I'm not going to read that that's in very poor taste
Oi!
Anyway move it right along
Here's one for George
Blake Tess fired murder weapon in his own home so sister-in-law
See you and your buddy Robert Blake partners in crime
Who did it? Why?
He did it no question
Oh in other words you don't defend the notion that he's innocent
No he's not innocent
He did it but he let him off because he deserved it
No I didn't even say that either he deserves whatever's coming to him but the bitch had to come
Well what law covers that?
No law, vigilante is not good at it
I like that law about that thing about you know two men
That was great I still can't get over that
Somebody put a lot of work into creating that
Took it off somebody's website no doubt
You know for what probably was it was probably on that what's that one yachts.com or that yachts?
Yucks.com
And so Muff comes in here and he brings me all of these numbers man he is working feverishly
It's a good thing now he's got his own new office in there and he's got a different time leave
Working feverishly on numbers
Big big office by the way
Yeah big office now deservedly so nice going Muff it's about time they took care of you okay
Christ says after they jammed you up in a little heich here like an infant
You know who's sitting in the heights here now though don't you?
Yes I do.
Bang and that spoon
You know who's doing that that cranky old man grumpy old man grandpa grandpa mo
Anyway see this this is bad now why did he get started I thought that I thought that we would like you know now that I'm back in town like you know bond a little bit like I said like very bonds
Well that's right forget forget about very bonds because that's like World Series talk
Now you could have invited him to the pizza lot with you. No I don't want to lose my appetite in addition to which ponytail
I want to see that piece and ponytail told me about that dolphin banquet and what a horrendous job
Mo did that banquet and telling all these corny stale old New Yorkie jokes he said it was embarrassing
That's what I'm just quote what ponytail said you know what a good upstanding guy ponytail is he's not the kind of guy who
Would say that you know to like just to suck up you know he just told me that is being a matter of fact and I thought oh well
Anyway, so I'm in 25 to 54 look at this not that we want to start with these numbers again because this audience guy I apologize but people in the business like to know this stuff especially in our business
Last summer and I thought 40% of the train monkeys were gone see if you read the numbers right mole come to fight out that we actually went up now he might say well last summer
The morning show was a 3.3 it was night and we were 3.6. Yeah, but last summer was 6 to 10 a.m. The more the worst team say 6 to 10
They they took care their own four or four hours didn't have to have some other old fart come in here and like value your ass out and lift you up a full point
So this summer was 3.6 but you take a point away from that it's like a 2.6
And believe me it's going to be at least a point trust me I got take that to the bank and my point being it you know I was thinking
And it's a good thing I didn't say yesterday because when it comes to the ratings I do like to be accurate I was thinking that ever since we've been on this radio station
We've been number one and men in every book and I forgot about your debacle last summer sorry. Oh you asshole man what a schmuck you you didn't even know I must have been such a good mood coming back from I'm
Stead on that I just overlooked this it was the tapes. Yeah, it was the tapes my fat old ass. Okay 5.355
I just that I just not number one but number five. Let's put tapes on during hang show watch what happens to his what kind of a yeah must have in the tapes man you are in such denial what happened to
I would see let's turn it around what was on this year instead of the tapes with you on see days and Thursdays
See while when he wasn't sick when he felt like it in the state of that those awful tapes a real live breathing
But you sound like fat boy now you sound like somebody needs a crutch. You got to learn to stand up on your own Mr. on your own
What about a church that is after the first summer was an eight to to have tapes again that the following year well didn't we have tapes the first summer yeah, you know so
So how could the tapes have been the problem well then how did we get how did we get an eight to with three days of George and two days with tapes and then we went
Out of a five three too many goddamn Dwight Latter-day I'll eating ass stories is what you were doing. That's the problem that was it that was
Disgusting talking about and bishops body being brought back to the building that was that was nasty well see even you can't handle it
Dwight getting down it. That's why I had to shave off his mustache
Starting to get on and snores a little bit. Yeah, there you go
Now I feel like I'm getting even a little bit anyway
Anyway a five three a number five last summer five nine a number one this summer
So more contrary to more recent formation you're giving out this morning about 40% of the train monkeys are gone
That was from the spring book, you know when it was here all spring. That's why they peen in the big buck schmuck
And let me put one other thing out to you too since the numbers are all or he's trying to say that they mean nothing
Let me point something else out
Your number in this book in men is gonna be more than double his number if he has a two six
I mean, there's no question about that because you already got a five that's gonna be a six something
It's gonna be at least double like two and a half times so that means you ought to be making two and a half times where he's making
How do you like that and because I did a couple of shows in there to boost you up a little bit
We'll take the half out you ought to be making double what he's making
You ought to be making a big one with six zeros after it if my arithmetic is correct
How do you like that huh?
Hey, I'll take half of what he's making for getting twice the number right that that's a good deal
That sounds like a good deal to me. What do you say Greg? No?
Puts he doesn't know Chris. Oh, that's the problem see if you do Chris you probably get about two three million year out of this joint
If you talk more about important things besides eating ass if you talk about maybe Chris eating arondays ass
Then the sports nerds get really excited then they start squeezing themselves and squeezing the radio and squeezing those diaries and putting your name down
Just remember Jimmy and Danny and Chris and aronday
Next summer keep that in mind write it down
10 past 10 at 560 WQM. Let's face it
You've been hearing about fast-trained for a long time on this show and what it if maybe it makes sense for you
Well the facts are simple like many of you folks if you have the dedication fast-trained will provide you with the necessary training to become a certified
Computer professional according to time magazine the demand for computer professionals will continue to explode
Our average student complete now. Why don't we say are their average student completes?
I don't work there see they always like doing that to me who worked at Otod Dreck there you go
Todd Dreck's average student completes the training in just four short months attending school three nights a week
Once you've completed your certification fast train will assist you in getting your new computer job
Fast train invites you to come in visit their train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you
Which tracks ideal for you George highly or pompano call fast train tool free at 1 866 fast train to set up your appointment with four
Convenient locations in Kendall Pembroke Pines Miami and the four-letter deal so there's bound to be one nearby you
Don't forget to ask the career counselor for list of students just like you who are currently in their dream jobs
Call fast-trained a tool free get out of your dead end job
Stop surrounded yourself with a bunch of losers call fast-trained tool free 1 866 fast train
That's 1 866 fast-trainer check them out of the web at fast train dot com
Where of exploding balls McDonald's is cutting the fat in their fries, but here at McDougals. We're upping the fat
Why eat healthy when you can enjoy those good old grease soaked artery clogging french fries at McDougals
McDougals has doubled the fat doubled the flavor and double the size of our fries now try McDougals double death wish combo a
Burger and soft drink with five pounds of McDougals double fat fries for just 99 cents as McDougals knows whatever ignorant
Uneducated greasy hair acting face poor fast-law blobs
Get a free midnight certificate while supplies last did somebody mention McDougals?
See you inspired me mentioned Josh Freeman. Hey Josh. Yeah, I just go away
Did you see the story about Jesus Christ to see that no? He's in the news again? Yes
Very old box may be tied to Jesus family. I think actually the guy was named Jesus. He was a ball player
You haven't heard this story no well, we'll get to it eventually this is this is this family
See how short this faxes. Yeah, it could be one of the most amusing faxes I've ever received
I've actually time jickle would appreciate this. Thank you Lawrence and Miami
It says neo could you please give periodical updates on the sniper situation. Thank you
Yeah, periodicals on audio. That's what we're here for periodicals. Here's the update excellent over the show. That's it
The bus drivers in critical condition. He's in the hospital. They're fighting to save his life his family has been notified
They're there and and they know nothing and they got all the experts on there going
Like that they know absolutely nothing
And he might have been in the woods. It's near a wooded area and that seems to be his favorite thing like the woods
See what I'm saying right who doesn't like the woods
Tiger
Chris
Aron day
Jimmy maybe Danny I've asked Danny if he's coming back to the game and if he likes the woods or not
Anyway, thank you Lawrence and Miami will give you a period of updates. There's nothing to tell you
The bus driver was shot in the lower abdomen. He's in critical condition in the hospital and the sniper
It's obviously the sniper again. We don't have to wait for them to find a bullet see and there's another thing that nobody is saying
Why are these people so stupid in the media? Huh?
Not that I'm a genius. It doesn't take a genius to figure out if if the ballistics don't match
If he switches to another weapon
The I mean is it possible that somebody this maniacal this much of a lunatic could have other weapons?
Oh, so the idea that because the bullets match the previous ones
Therefore that's what we need to see to make sure it's the same person who did the shooting
The I don't think so
Especially in America where we have everybody's got at least 20 30 40 assault rifles of various sizes and etc
Right for different days of the week different holidays different animals that you're looking for right different kinds of
Animals that you're trying to remain and wound and kill etc
So the the notion that the media's got you all tied up in oh well
You know we got a way to see if the ballistics of matches that doesn't mean a goddamn thing
And you know what else the fact that it does match also doesn't mean anything because if there are copycats out there
Guess what they could be using the same goddamn ammo to oh no
But we know this and we know that and you know something they know absolutely nothing except there's a bunch of dead people in people in the hospital and
Musi man is a pathetic. He's pathetic
And that's got it's not a racial thing
It's just because of the fact that he happens to be a bozo. He could be white and be a bozo too in fact that white sheriff from where the hell was he from
In Virginia when I had to share off out there the shooting of the day
You know the one I had the where the rain catcher hat on that day
I don't know. Yeah, he looked like the guy from Joji, you know roof is the sheriff roof is what about guys name is
He's no rocket scientist either, but chief moosey man this guy is an especially category, but if we just stick together
Oh, we can solve this damn thing
So please call us here. Here's a message
Oh, and the whole thing if it weren't for the fact that people are getting killed and almost blown away
There'd be some humor in this because it's it's being handled like a keystone cops thing, you know
Like kind of like a Larry Curly and Moe thing
Blake test fired murder weapon in his own home is speaking of crazy people with guns as sister-in-law
This is from the inquire when it's in the inquire on tabloid Tuesdays. We believe every god damn word
Don't wait you back because the inquire don't mess around
That's one of the tabloids now. We also have the weekly world news. Thanks to our friend Bill
Which I'll say for later on if things get a little bit slow, which I doubt if we run out of um
All these great
Nighttime bethams during I want to hear about aliens
I beg your pardon the warrants with antenna aliens see there you go again with that professional spick stuff again
He wants alien aliens doing just fine. He had his happy meal this morning and he's doing just great
And the best news is nobody with the gun is gonna shoot alien. He's a lot safer there than he would have been here
Is there any argument about that? No
And I guarantee it's a damn good thing. He's away from that fisherman
I think that fisherman spent a little bit too much time in a closet if he asked me
Blake test fired murder weapon in his own home so sister-in-law on the day she was shot
Dead Robert Blake's wife heard Blake test fire a gun at his house while she was talking on a phone with her sister on the day she was shot
Dade
This sensational new evidence uncovered by the inquire has been turned over to prosecutors
Determined a convict Blake for the murder of his wife Bonnie Lee Bakeley that bitch
Her sister margarie bail. That's with two hours. Oh
Marjorie Bakeley told the inquire she even cried out in terror. She told me
He's coming to kill me
The bang was so loud. It's it off the burglar alarm
As the alarm was loudly wailing
Bonnie was running around her guest house in the back of Blake's property
Frantically locking all the doors so he couldn't come in and shoot her
I believe it was testing his gun to make sure it was working properly
I think he didn't want it to misfire when he put it to Bonnie's haiding the car where she was killed. Yeah
I've told the police what happened and they've been out to Blake's property searching his house for the bullet holes in the walls
I'm sure it'll be part of the murder case against Blake. She said
The 69-year-old former bretistar has been denied bail on charges that he killed his wife
He's been behind bars for more than 25 weeks
Marjorie Bakeley also revealed exclusively to the inquire
How Blake sent Bonnie a chilling message on the day she was murdered made for 2001
When body went downstairs and when Bonnie went downstairs in her guest house
There was a sleeping bag neatly laid out at the bottom of the stairs
Robert had unrolled it. He knew she was familiar with all his films and new of a scene in a TV movie
He did judgment day the John List story and the movie Blake executed his mother his wife and his three children
Then placed them in sleeping bags
I believe Blake knew Bonnie would get the message back off on trying to take my daughter away from here
I'll kill you kind of like if he would have given her a fish wrapped up in a vest right
I think Blake had me targeted for death as well. She said Marjorie
He invited me to go on a trip with him and Bonnie after ordering his bodyguard or roll call about him dig two holes in the desert
Blake knew that Bonnie and I talked constantly on the phone and Bonnie told me everything about his threats to killer
I believe the plan was to kill both of us in various in the desert so there be no witness to his plan
But I didn't go which is why I'm still alive
Bonnie didn't go on the trip either
I'm still terrified of Blake
She says but I'll face him in court and I'll testify against him
I can't let him go away with my sister's murder said Marjorie
Speaking of people who just slay us
Jesse Jackson slays me
Boy, you know with somebody teaching him how to like
In fact, if Jeff Cohen wants to help people with their personal appearance help with that mustache a little bit. Okay
Is it off again? It's off on one side again. It keeps tilting off to the left
Jesse and comic nearly come to blows and foul mouth tirade this also when he inquired on a very nice page back to back with robber plate
Do you think there's something symbolic there?
You only first not mentioned and here was good for Chris Chris
And aronday he didn't get in here either
So what do you think of Chris and aronday?
Hope
A posh Beverly Hills fundraiser turned into the Saturday night fights when Jesse Jackson went toe-to-toe with comic Steve Harvey and
Exploited lace tirade all right. I love it
The two locked horns over the controversial hit movie barber shop which this is civil rights i-cunes
Icons Rosa Parks and Dr. Martin Luther coon Jr. And even takes a poch out at Jackson
Jesse and Steve were ready to box and the language and I went and told the inquirer
Jesse the preacher called Steve a mother effort then Steve called Jesse a punk-ass preacher and an
Mother effort to I better be careful what I'm doing is a mother effort to
A punk-ass preacher the ruckus unfolded at the ritsy Beverly Hilton hotel where Jackson's secret love child was exposed by the inquirer
Hosted his annual birthday party and rainbow push fundraiser his birthday party
It all started when Jesse overheard Steve say that some people
Where in here he used the n-word were blowing the barber shop jokes about some niggers were blowing the barber shop
Jokes about Rosa Parks and Martin Luther coon Jr. out of proportion said the eyewitness Jesse stopped in his tracks
Turned to Steve and said who were you calling a nigger?
Steve immediately became defensive who you calling a nigger
Cut it out
You tried to explain to Jesse that the dialogue in the movie was nothing you get upset about
Jesse pointed his finger and said it was something to get upset about because it was totally disrespectful
Then Steve accused Jesse of being a hypocrite
He said Jesse was publicly pretending to protect the honor of Rosa Parks and Martin Luther coon Jr
But in reality was really upset because in the character the movie said f Jesse and everybody laughed
In fact, everybody said yeah
Steve said let's just get let's just get down to a dog. It's not about nobody about you. You ain't Schmidt
Yeah, let's get down to a dog
That's when Jesse let it all hang out and they looked and said holy crap
He got louder and louder trying to put Steve in his place
Steve was ready to take off his coat and beat Jesse's ass right there
It says other guest dude between the two of them. So no one could throw a punch
Steve finally stormed out yelling. I'll never do nothing for that nigger again dumb mother ever
After huh? No, she'll love this. He's great. I can't wait for he comes in
I'm ready to go see that barber shop movie right now and very least go get a haircut
After Steve left Jesse said Steve looked like a pimping blue and green alligator shoes that match to suit
It's a good thing Steve didn't hear him where they may come to blow
There may have been some blowing going on you go Steve
You go dog and you know what they say if you blow too much you're in trouble
That is what they say how is that pull coming folks
That pull on our Wednesday noon to one extravaganza where we play comedy bits for an hour to lighten things up
Just a little bit. Oh, there's a bowdeadle
They could be used could be broken down to almost 28 inches. So let's all be aware that the person can kept that this has been
He's been doing this for two days now on every now every network about how they can you know full it down like like an umbrella and like an accordion
the piece
188 votes on a pool. What do you think in the osuens day noon to one comedy bits hour? I love it 76. It's okay
It's okay. Yeah, 57. It's a waste of time 31. I hate it 24
So let's see you got 133 to 55 so far
Pretty overwhelming for this crowd wouldn't you say? I'd say for this sour and negative nasty town that we got here
By the way last night I did not go because who wants to go see two girls teams
Panthers and trashers game nice going there Christian is elius by the way square the time the main goals late
They it's in the paper 12,000 they must have been counting everybody who lived within a 10 block radius
There was a handful there was a few thousand desperate souls there last night the panthers played in Chicago last week in
The smallest crowd ever to see a black hawks game. It said 10,000 in the paper
I am told by people were there if there were five thousand they were counting the ushers and the concessions people and everybody else
How do you like that? So I guess you might say the panthers aren't a big draw
But you don't have to worry about that you won't hear about them on our morning show
You can be feel safe about that unless of course Chris Carter signs with the panthers
1027 at 560 WQM if your bald spot is getting bigger and bigger
You know who looked pretty good the other day in the elevator was the bob I'm sure you want to know why
He went to Charles off eerie
After all those years that I made fun of that muskrat that died on his head bob izenberg he said okay
Okay, I give up he went to Charles out eerie he looked damn near human for him
And you guys can do the same thing because Charlie doesn't put a dead animal on your head
He doesn't drill holes in your head
So the blood will dripped on your forehead he doesn't give you a dangerous pills to take that won't do a guide damn things
I've maybe make you sick
He gives you the natural hairline system
Which makes you look better when younger than you have in a coon's age and the deal is you mentioned the oranges when you call
He'll knock $200 off the regular price and you have nothing to lose
But that big gross nasty looking bald spot because if you wear the system for up to 30 days
And you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not getting raped at least four or five times today
Then Charlie give your money back no problem at all
So pick up the phone to get your hair back and look great like bob izenberg called Charles out eerie toll free and 1 800
3 to 1 24 13 that's anyone Bob said about most numbers. Oh
1 800 3 to 1 24 13 or check them out of the web if you like at Charles out eerie dot com
Foking it out in the everglades
About a girl called syphilis
Had a bug and ran it around
Gave it to every guy in town
Oh
I shouldn't order from the spot
I end up with a euro-lary drip
I'm far above always be with you
So stay away from a syphilis soon
It took a close I shouldn't have seen my size
So now the sense of a friend of mine he got infected now I've got it too
So keep away from a syphilis to it yeah
Keep away from that girl
I'm gonna send him a gun out
Keep away from too
She lost her sleep around
Yeah, even did it with my mask and how
We did it then I started to come
Now
Hey, you better get with it mr. Not only is your castel or not making a big deal out of his numbers overnight
You know what happened you want people to do that people will say things like that
Because people think that the numbers are gonna go down say so he's trying to cover his ass
Oh, by the way, the reason I planned that against Scott and for a lot of damage
I knew I would just play that the other day, but it was by request
I can't turn down a request on the day of my monkey's wedding
I was picking a monkey's wedding Joe's getting married
But anyway, he don't want to hear about the numbers because
Because he figures if they're crappy then I see it wasn't that important and if they're good
I'll say oh do you see that big number I got
And that's the way these guys working out fooling anybody. Oh, and somebody reminds me
Thank you very much Andrew the reason you started the Wednesday company
It's was because the anniversary of 9 11 remember that and as as a protest against all of that hysteria
And then orchestrated national mourning and psychosis which you know enough is enough in my opinion
We decided we'll give you alternative
We're the only place you could go on that day on the anniversary of 9 11 this past September where you could go
You know have a few laughs and they know
At least get away from all of that stuff
What's the point of being in perpetual depression?
Just like this thing now all the hospital news conference has been canceled. Uh damn it
Christ if there's one thing I want to be able to put on here's a bunch of news conferences
Especially when the muslim man comes up don't forget about your round noontime. Don't forget
That's generally the time when he's like ready to you know
Get us get us all gathered together and give us a news conference tell us you don't know what god damn thing
But here's the latest message for you lunatic out there. Oh, I know I need for him. It's for anybody who listens
205 votes on a pool. What are you thinking of way?
Neal's Wednesday noon about comedy bits are I love it 80 up like I said 208
I love it 84 it's okay 66 waste of time 32. I hated 26 only 26 people say they hated
How do you like that? So what is that that so 150 to 58
That's about how Bill McBride's gonna be jib bush all of the new poll shows the bushes still four points ahead
I think 49 45 not too happy about that
The jibmeister
1035 at 560 WQM we got the mad dog Jim man is coming up at one from shulestake 2
Hank will be the show there at shulest also at three o'clock
Oh, and we got Patrick sir tan between five and six to seven noon are you sir are you sir tan of that
Patrick sir tan will be there between five and six talking hardball with the crow
We'll be on it seven other train monkey. Yeah seven o'clock
And then we got the 830 we got the world series game number three and a half in the giants
Although nobody on this station wants to talk about baseball because I heard mad dog yesterday say oh, it's a west coast thing a left coast
The world series is the world series mister. Okay, and it's been
Simulating that second game was unbelievable 11 to 10
And then any K after the baseball game join mark overnight who don't care about their numbers. Okay. They don't care
That's what Joe said he said small potatoes
This story you just handed me this is just one of the most
Where would you find out about this? It was on the other news stories from the BBC was on your bedtime stories
Somebody's able to George Corso by mistake actually
Somebody sent it to George Corso. What does he get confused? What does he know about the smell? What does he know about fat?
We're both named George crushed flyer wins obesity payout
Virgin Atlantic has paid a woman passenger $20,000 plus compensation after she was squashed by an obese person
So said next we're on a transatlantic flight
Barbara Houston from Swansea South Wales suffered injuries including a blurt clot in her chest torn leg muscles and acute sciatica and remains in pain two years on
I love this a British lingo. Yeah, two years on
The obese passenger had only been able to fit into receipt by raising the arm rest which meant her body parts weighed down on Mrs.
Houston
The injured woman had to be admitted to hospital Los Angeles when the flight touched down and was bedridden for a month
She only got 20 grand
Telling you what a dumb bitch
Two years later and after pressure on the airline to take her complaint seriously
Virgin agreed to pay her compensation
Before taking off the freelance writer and complaining the first instance of the cabin crew about sitting next to the overweight woman
Who had booked two seats on her outward bound flight to London but not on the return leg
Attendant stole Mrs. Houston the flight was full with no other seats available
She said her experience in the 11-hour flight and economy class had been horrific
Mrs. Houston added as she would that would be like being in coach between one of those three seat rows
Between Josh Friedman
Then high boy and Jeff high
Uh-huh
Mrs. Houston added that she was now forced to walk with a stick
Speaking of high boy and is still in pain
It is reported Virgin officials initially offered a small basket of goods were 15 pounds
That's like about 40 bucks as compensation
But Mrs. Houston look forward to took forward her complaint good for her you go girl
After 18 months of pursuing your claim and undergoing medical exams by virgin's own doctors to prove the extent of her injuries
The airline agreed to a proper settlement a anybody thinks that's proper. You're full of crap. You should get on a million
Estatement by virgin said Mrs. Houston's injuries rose from an unprecedented set of extremely unfortunate
Surconcises we have apologized to Mrs. Houston have offered compensation
Which he has accepted were pleased that there's now reached a conclusion said the virgin Atlantic people
In the US budget US career Southwest airlines now charge larger passengers for two seats
But the national association to advance fat acceptance
Oh, I love it
The national association to advance fat acceptance is taken on airlines over discrimination and stovaway people
The level of obesity in the US is now of major concern
But also in the UK national audit office figures show one in five people are clinically obese and they didn't want to five over there
They're not even close to us
Probably eaten too much spotted dick
Vale of black Morgan's MP John Smith's photo campaign against cramped economy class conditions following a series of deaths from deep vane thrombosis
Which have been linked to long haul flights
You're worth it aren't you then long those long flights you can get like blood clots. No, I didn't know that. Yeah
That's why they suggest you get up and walk around a little bit. Don't make any threatening movement
So it's not usually a two-get-a-b an idea these days
Don't get up and start acting just a little bit
Probably not a real good idea
He's dead
New on the cartoon channel from the producer of SpongeBob Squarepants. It's SpongeBob no pants
Shane check lit up
Okay, I'm naked just don't look at me
You're probably wondering why we're standing here with a pile of money and no pants on
Do I have my pants on no plastic pants?
You've gone to five this time. I don't want to wear pants. I can't just sit here at time for options
SpongeBob no pants. I'm not wearing any pants. I'm at a leather
1043 at 560
13th shooting and this one is a dead. He just died a short time ago
He died? Yes
Gaze-Go-Gaga over SpongeBob Squarepants. This is in which one of these are great landlords is this in?
Oh in the star don't you just love the star not quite as much as the inquire but I put it like a close second
quirky cartoon is a smash hit and spin off stuff is flying off the shelves see when you say smash hit you have to be very careful to pause and separate the words
The latest icon of the gay community
What is that all about oh and you know you never see the thing that the silly Carlos is dicking without there in front
That's a kitty uh, what is it kitty uh something kitty galore hello kitty hello kitty
Yes, what a silly goose he is you know, they're gonna be the silliest faggot that ever came down to play gay
The latest icon of the gay community is soft and sensitive likes their cook is always neatly dressed and enjoys skipping a lot with his best friend Patrick
He's also squishy and yellow and lives in the in a pineapple under the sea Patrick's a starfish
He's spun a square bob. What is it square bob?
Sponge uh, Sponge pants
Pants bob. He's Chris and uh, Chris pants Chris pants around a uh
He's sponge bob square pants started the animated Nickelodeon channel series a playfully poor sponge who's causing a commotion at the bottom of the ocean
His joint kid friendly characters like pocket booktodding teletubby tinky winky uh-oh and roommates Bert Nerny from Sesame Street as pop culture stars in the gay universe
Although they're creators all and sister characters are not gay
When you grow up without your own culture you have to take things from straight culture and make them your own explains
You're clothing designer Alex Fung 37 a huge sponge bob fan. There is innocence to sponge bob
He's not very masculine for male character. He's soft. Oh, yeah, I know some guys like that
While the cartoons creator Steven Hillenberg who's not gay says he had no intention of portraying the
Krusty Krabs absorb and fry cook as homosexual Tom Kenny a comic who voiced his sponge bob says the character may not be the only see creature in the closet
Uh-oh
All the main character probably a few crabs in there too. I would imagine his boss has a better fact
All the main characters are hiding horrible secrets of their own he jokes
Critics say it's exactly that kind of offbeat humor from a sponge bob and pals that's sucking in grown-up fans
Even though the show is aimed to kids from age 2 to 11. I'm never seen it
Of course you would because you got kids kids
According to Nielsen. I don't hear some knocking down there. Do I? Is that a prediated is that a prediude from them staring a hockey and banging again down there
According to Nielsen media research about 22% of the show's regular audiences 18 to 49 years of age kind of like Rocky
Involvedical but not nearly as good. I'm sure no and adult novelty shops from New York to Atlanta are reporting that sponge bob
Merchandises flying off the shelves with gay customers clamoring for plush toys lunch boxes and key chains
Edmann Hatton's Roger and Dave shop owner Roger Rotsis his most popular item is a toy that cheers
Go sponge bob go sponge bob go self when it's hand is squeezed
Why I've had to reorder this more times than I can count says raw go self
What does that mean? I don't know
Is that kind of like you go me? Yeah, I guess some of the signals that homosexuals are picking up about sponge Bob's orientation
Or that he and his friend Patrick a sensitive chubby pink starfish
I thought those pink starfish were like something else
Often old hands and watch their favorite show and imaginary TV program called the adventures of mermaid and barnacle boy
Merman
Ethel merman it says here mermade man trust me
It says here in the star mermade man and barnacle boy mermade man
Where something it looks like a seashell bra? Yes, he does
And the voice of fussy squidward is very similar to the late gay comic Paul Lind no question squidward is gay
It may not be intentional, but gay fans are thrilled and chokereader hillinberg says that's okay. Okay. I think he says
Think that the editor of the show is about tolerance. So there you go from the star. We got a gray a gay gray sponge
In the most pants
How sponge bob is a very positive character probably they're to absorb the overflow from the bag. I would think
Ten euros gay dad well, we got to get in our usual
Code of gay banter every day. We don't want to let the audience down the ones that wait for it out there
Ten euros gay dad drove him into acting
Analyze this it says this is in the uh want to make sure you know with the the star also
Analyze this
Oscar-winning Robert tenor returned himself into one of America's finest actors because his father was gay and a perfectionist who repeatedly rejected his own paintings
So says if you got the anniversaries joe
This is the guy back in 9-11
2001 went out in the hallway and beat Greg rewred on the head and said we're not gonna run any more spots
Are we you better get with him mr
Butch stuff real good that day and now he's turned into a pussy again
Now he's about ready to get married you ought to be down there beating Maddie Bell and fat boy over the head saying
Hey, Neil wants those hour by hour and so do I so I can get my overnight numbers. That's the only way you're gonna get him
You just don't care. He seems awfully indifferent
Which you know what that indicates to me. He's expecting a real being humble. Ain't no it says to me. He's expecting a real crappy book
A real crappy book now what you see that he can't keep a straight face. Why why is that
He's hedging his bets in fact, you know something if he does have a real crappy book that'd be a good excuse for the morning guy
I think he's afraid the number won't be nearly as big because there's nothing worse as we know on this show
There's nothing worse than a week leading oh
man there is nothing worse than a week leading
But I think we got it down to a science now good job by Christian. Yeah, if we just talk about Chris and the runner see a Joe
See I say hi to Mo on a way. I'll give my pat on the piece
Can I get back to Robert De Niro now how do we get distracted so easily Joe walked in so says a new book
I'm gonna go back to this Oscar winning Robert De Niro turn himself into one of America's finest actors because his father was gay and a perfectionist who repeatedly rejected his own paintings
So says a new book that's been published in
Britain the Niro a biography by author John Baxter and published in Britain
The author claims that as young boy shuttling between his divorce parents Robert and Virginia
The Niro watches Moody father put himself down and that ignited the actors desire to be perfect
I don't think he's perfect
In fact, some of these is perfectly awful
His father was important to him and his father wasn't recognized as French actor and director Robert could ye I think
Bob got to think I owe him one. I think I'd be I'm becoming famous was very important him to pay back his father for your father
I think that has a lot to do with Bob's will to succeed
complicating his relationship with his dead even more was the fact that De Niro's mother knew his father was a homosexual when they married and accepted it
As Baxter for De Niro acting may well have been a form of therapy as well as an attempt to come to terms with his ambivalent feeling toward his parents
De Niro's own marriages have been volatile and short-lived the 59-year-old actor is five children with three women
When De Niro's father died from cancer in 1993 his son preserved his studio as a shrine leaving an untouched attribute
The star who won Oscars for the godfather to in 1974 and raging bull in 1980 still visits the art of studio occasionally rights back
There when asked if he and his dad were close De Niro once said close and some ways
I was very close to him, but then he stopped and turned away as his eyes filled with tears
Not emotional don't you get like all choked up about that?
Huh? No
233 votes on air folks about that noon to one comedy bit-hour
What do you think?
I love it 96
It's okay 75 that's right there 171 if my math be correct
It's a waste of time 33 and I hate it 29 that's only 62
171 to 62 that's about the same ratio as your number compared to the morning one between six and nine in a summer book
Now what's you going to say about that when we get the art?
You know something when we get the hour by hour that's the first thing I'm going to do is we're going to find the ratio
Between the number that George got and the number between six and nine am then
We're going to compare the ratio to what George is getting paid around here and what that to pay a written old grumpy old man is getting paid
Yeah, that's right
And you know who we go to for justice because that's what we need man
We need justice around this place. We'll go to
Don't call on that's right and make him an offer he can't abuse
When that's silly as guy named powdered wig George Washington were a powdered wig
What's that guy and at the financial thing used to be on PBS uh the silly guy that got canned and now he's on CNBC
The war powdered wig. Yeah, well close to it
Louis Rookheiser, oh who is he never saw Louis Rookheiser. He wears what looks like a powdered wig George
Washington Thomas Jefferson the founding fathers Louis Rookheiser and Moldos and my people I know with a powdered wig
And then is it in britain or is it in france or both where the judges put on those uh slew
Britain's shoulder. Yeah. Oh my god. Oh, they're still being in a storage good god
Jim DeFeedy writes in a hero today. Can you believe I got a bedtime story from the hero? He's good that jib fat
Have you ever seen a picture? Yes, man. Oh man. He looks like he's bursting out of his uh clothing
But if he goes to see jeff Cohen at the pizza loft Jeff will become because Jeff is a fashion plate
He gave him some good tips and how to dress properly
Get a new look
I think that's what we all need around here. You know two weeks from today
I'll be 60 years old and jeff Cohen thinks I'm worried about a new look. Okay. This look is what I got
Okay, it ain't very good believe me, but it doesn't bother me
We've got a couple options with your body type guia bearers are Hawaiian shirts
In case you haven't noticed I don't wear guia bearers or wild jerts anymore
Once upon a time long before you knew me. I did wear those all the time
And also like some other fat people I know you never tuck in your shirt of course not
And you'll notice that I do tuck in my shirt. Okay. In fact, they call me the hallway father tuck or something like that
Even when I walked by when I came in this morning, I heard moey on hey tuck you something like that
Father tuck slay in the bathroom once you were tucking yeah
No, that was mo getting raped
Rape to do
Helping and guess who was in the toilet this morning when I was in there taking leak
Skippy
Skippy, but I don't like that. He was making sounds like that inside. How about a haircut?
How could you tell?
In fact jeff Cohen told me a pizza loft yesterday. He said that's skippy, but that guy's an idiot
That's exactly what he said
He used to have Brian Schmutz's his account representative is this ae his sales guy and now he's got skippy
And he's not too happy about it skippy. You better go over there and make uh make apologies make amends to jeff Cohen
Because he's been on the iron issue for like 150 years at the pizza loft
He's gonna be pretty pissed off and fired up if you if you dick around with his account. Okay, Skippy
Anyway fact Jim DeFeedy writes in a hero today a good commentary
It says helping inner city children not a priority of Jeb Bush administration
What you looking for the teen calls outside the circling my car in his bicycle a few feet away near the corner 75th street north like 21st
Have no other group of young men walks with interest normally a white face on this liberty city block is looking for one thing
Crack
Driving past the boy on the bike Monday afternoon
I pull into a parking lot for the Scott Carver housing project on the second floor wallest
Chester is just opening the doors for one of the two places in this neighborhood for kids to go and feel safe
A computer lab operated by mad dad's a non-profit group that's been working in Miami since 1997
The local chapter of mad dad was formed following the murder of five-year-old
Rikia Isaac was struck down by a stray bullet while walking home from Martin Luther King day parade
Initially the group patrol the neighborhood on bicycles, but a few years ago expanded to provide after school activities for kids
Although the lab is open to all of the children in the hood
Chester and his staff were closely with 50 kids providing them with individual tutoring and math and reading
To make sure the kids in their program or attending classes even take them on field trips around the state
Just to show them that there's a world beyond the desolation of the inner city
The most dangerous hours for a kid are from 3 pm to 7 pm
That's when most juvenile crime takes places Chester
We're trying to give them something productive to do instead instead after school
He loved to expand his program and have another 50 or 100 kids
But he can't because of lack of funding in recent years the legislatures had enough faith in Chester's program to a lot of
$200,000 a year, but every time the budget item hits the governor's desk Jeb Bush vetoes it
In his opinion mad dad's isn't worthy of support
Chester's program isn't alone since becoming governor Bush is consistently vetoed projects that would help kids in the inner city
When we were vetoed
I just thought about the lights being turned off and not being able to keep the doors open Chester says
I thought about the impact it was going to have on these kids
In 2001 after the governor's first veto Chester had to lay off everyone on the staff including himself
Despite not being paid he continued to open doors to the computer labs so the kids in the hood could still combine use the equipment
Four months later the county eventually came through with emergency funding to keep the program alive
Chester doesn't understand the governor's priorities
We're not doing our job as a state says Chester our schools don't have the resources they need
It seems like we're more interested in building jails than we are building in schools
It seems like it's more important to put together tax cuts for people who don't need them than spend money to help our children
As Chester shakes his head three more young girls come in toting backpacks
These are smart kids he says, but they're facing a battle out there every week
There's another shooting every day. They're in new dangers
And what are we going to do to give these kids a safe environment every kid deserves a chance
Latricia Adams walks through the front door the 16-year-old started with the program three years ago
And now volunteers is a tutor for some of the younger kids including 14-year-old Albert Anastor
Anastor is reasoning for being here as a sound as it is succinct. I'd rather be in here than get shot
He says good column by Jim DeFeedy crappy governor
I'm local
This is 4205
Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
We take a good hard stiff look into startup
It only took one hit for them to burn their freaking song into our brains
But it only took one man to bring them to their freaking knees
They were after the fire
So we're recording the song right and I know it's missing something but I don't know what lead singer jack wafert talks about his so-called creative process
So I'm singing out loud you know
And just then the janitor is walking by and he goes uh-oh
And I go to commissar's in town and he goes uh-oh
And right then I knew we had a hit unfortunately for the band so did the janitor run bust him
Hey, it was my uh-ohs that made that song so popular. I was making sh** money as a janitor
I figured why not reemum good
Ron hired a sleazy lawyer who tricked the band into paying run $5,000 for every uh-oh
Every time the song was played anywhere in the world for his entire life that oily little bastard. I mean five thousand every time he goes uh-oh
We were broken about 20 minutes
I work at borders for crying out loud meanwhile. It is Hawaiian villa
Ron the janitor has attained rock star cult status which he openly uses to get laid a lot
Oh
Ron
Uh-oh
Uh-oh
After the fire they learned the hard way not to let a janitor go uh-oh in your song
It's a big juicy stopping wet look at show business tonight on inside the mind
Somebody wanted to hear inside the behind with a knack and I couldn't find it
So they'll have to do for right now. I couldn't find it. I mean there's one on every disc for like the last 400 them
So I looked for it for whoever asked for that. That'll have to think that's the thing. It's what?
No, it's not I already looked in there. It's not in the thing. Hello George. I'm trying to do the thing
Anyway, I'm thinking about maybe you ought to call our good buddies. How soon could they be here?
Which buddies? Ira
Because I didn't bring my sack today half hour to an hour. Didn't bring my sack. Is there a spot today for oh? Yeah, there it is
What half hour to an hour I would have had oh yeah tell Ira we need some of those uh fat filled sandwiches
So don't find me over until I get home and I got all the stuff from the second my refrigerator
Just calm down Troy. Just calm down relax. You're not gonna be too happy about this article at all this bedtime story
From CNN.com you're gonna be pissed off and fired up
Has sopranos gone downhill the season. Yeah, that has oh
Ha ha everybody doesn't love artiates is here
The sopranos back lashes in full swing and not just among the Italian American any defamation activists who fourth near city mayor michael bloomberg to cancel his plans to march with co stars
Dominic chinesi and Lorraine Braco in the Columbus day parade
Internet message boards have become increasingly crowded with grumblings like we waited a year and a half for this
Even daily show wise guy John Stewart recently made a crack about how this season has been all that scintillating
See that's one thing about smallville you don't hear anybody saying that of course I'm issue you don't hear anybody saying anything
Because this audience don't watch smallville because their taste is in their totals, okay
Smallville just keeps getting better and better and better and the stories are good
You know, it's not just the fact that Clark Kent looks as good as he does Tom Molling is swelling it
It's because it's a damn good show
Got one jerk out there. It's always facts me. Yeah, you're only in a smallville because yeah, well that's true
But it's still a good show
It says of course the show meaning the sopranos still has its diehard fans who defend it against anyone who dares criticize such an important work of art
Me says Bruce Fett's entertainment weekly at the CNN Bruce frets. I fall somewhere in the middle
The season's been a bit of a letdown so far, but it's still better than almost anything else on TV
He says
Take the October 20th episode everybody hurts
It was penned by michael christopher multasanthi imperiali who was responsible for this season's nadir the Columbus
For this season the Columbus obsessed debacle christopher
But it was directed by boot a steve buchimi who shot one of my favorites of pranor standelones last season snow-bound dark comedy pine virans
Not surprisingly everybody hurts was a hit or miss a fear
Suicide was the episode's theme as is of the REM song that inspired the title that tune wasn't heard
But music editor Catherine de act to make effective use of tracks by Billy Joel and Nick Lowe
Tony was distressed to learn from Carmella of all people
That he's emotionally unstable ex-myster's glory at trillow
I had hang yourself
Tony confronted their joint therapist. I didn't know you had to have a joint therapist. That's what Steve M. said
You confronted their joint therapist about why she hadn't told him what had happened
Eventually 20 metadonation of these suicide hotline and glorious name, but he still seemed haunted by her memory
Moral of the story don't date people you meet in your shrinks waiting room
Meanwhile restaurateur ardy buco is where it goes down about each one of these episodes
You're gonna bore yourself silly reading those things and the audience
Yeah, anybody knows the show. He says maybe all of these dangling threads will be brilliantly tied up in the upcoming weeks
After all, we're not even halfway through the season yet in the meantime while it's still great these surprised
Ain't quite as great as it used to be then maybe painful to admit proactive songs says everybody hurts sometimes
They're wasting all our time with all these boring non-events instead of resolving unresolved issues
What does that mean?
It's like a soap opera when they start a storyline and then just uh, it never finish it
Like like passions like passions
There's never been a show on history that drags things out longer than they and they do it just to aggravate you
It's like it's like they should have like somebody come on one of the writers and say hey
Guess what this weekend and for six months and we're doing it just to piss you off and you know it and you still can't turn it off
Although I do miss Timmy very badly
That wooded area and the Northgate Park which is surrounding that wooded area that this
From Mendes search is still underway even at this moment. Yeah, it's still underway even at this moment
What a surprise huh they don't know nothing
Can you see the blood dripping from that thing? Yeah, you can't blood. It's red. Yeah, but I was just a little booboo
I have on my neck. I've had it for years and I want every six months about twice a year
I nick it while I'm shaving you know you rip it open you uh don't rip it open
I just think it deals and it bleeds you know
And just bleeds you have to get other I sure wish we had those steps to stick whatever they call it Michael's
Pacific. I have adhesive bandages. No, I don't need a bandages like dripping pouring blood out of there not yet
I'm talking about the stiptic pencil those those one those one I would
They still make those burn like a sun. Yeah, they work. They stop the bleeding and they stop all your circulation
Just like like that. Speaking of that. What a great segue although I have to do the break
Am I in the right hour even on this long? I don't know no
Oh
Man, where the hell is this show going
Yeah, into the tank according to one. Oh, that's right. We got 40% less uh train monkeys
What an asshole, you know, what a moron it and not only that not only doesn't understand how to read the goddamn numbers
But how the hell can you be talking about other people's numbers when you don't have any mo that's the question another train monkey. Yeah
Cool, then how are you kidding mister and for him to come on here and say oh well the Howard David show sounds as better as great as it ever was
Well who the hell is he to be making that decision does he get any diary? I don't think so see that's the problem
That's the problem the audience isn't impressed by you telling everybody how great it is
They want to hear something beside Chris and Aron and Aron and Chris for three freaking hours every goddamn day, okay
See because of the fact that he's the voice of the dolphins now therefore it's strictly dolphin radio
Everything else is you'll notice it took it was took a little time
But everything else has been phased out every other sport
Not and that's just every other sport every other team
We have three hours of dolphins radio between six and nine if you don't care about the dolphins
If you don't want to hear or end day in crisp and even if you do care about the dolphins
But just want to hear the same crap every day forget about it go watch the old sopranos reruns do something
For watch CNN rehashing the same crap here telling you they don't know nothing basketball accord apparently connected to the apartment buildings across see that
sports basketball court you notice the tie-in again
That was almost but not not quite but I would say almost as impressive as amtrak that day
Ten minutes after eleven at five sixty WQM speaking of interesting substances
Here's one you can pop in your pussy. It'll do you good. It's called olio med
Olium Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of fine olive oil the best you'll find with vitamins minerals orables
Another nutrient specifically scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help support specific health needs for you
Look for Olium meds three new formulas. They have one to help you sleep
There's one to help you control your weight and coq 10
Which may be one of the most important things you can pop into your body
I'll use in the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil
Olium meds are great new product. It's available at public's echo in Walgreens more and more people are popping it every day
For more information call Olium med at 1-866 Olium med
That's 1-866-6536-33
Check them out online if you like it. Olium med america.com and don't forget
If you visit your nearest publics and buy an Olium med product in Broward or Dade counties
You can get you a coupon for a free Larry cocker bobblehead doll
While supplies last and don't forget to visit their sampling provision at sports time every Sunday when the dolphins are playing at home
Pick up free Olium med samples and product information to start feeling healthy start popping some Olium med today
Of eating nuts we vass who wants to marry a multi-millionaire and who wants to be a princess
But now Fox is asking the question that is burning in the minds of everyone
Who wants to fuck a gangster rapper fox television along with BET and everybody magazine
Present the two-hour extravaganza who wants to fuck a gangster rapper
We've scoured the country to come up with 20 of the most fly
booty-licious v-achas and we're putting them all on one stage. I got what you want
You won't want to miss this historic television event featuring performances by outcast and
Master P and hosted by the legendary show night who wants to fuck a gangster rapper
Coming this November to Fox
I'm 15 at 560 WDQA. I don't think I did a spot in last break. Did I?
What there's there's a bleep in there when you just come down. Yes
Okay should I play it again? So you can be sure? Yeah, cuz I back it up a little there's a nice
Long in there. You just relax. Okay. You're a good one to talk mister. Who the hell are you?
Can my bleeps are flawless. Yeah bleep you and by the way hello George
1115 at 560 WDQA. I am so Michael Jackson's got some problems in case you didn't know it
I'd swear I didn't I don't even remember going into the break. I must be losing it my blood sugar must be down to like about 40
I don't remember even going into the break
It's like I'm in some kind of a time warp here. Jack O's nose explodes too
Says the inquirer
Just in time for Halloween. It's the jack O'lantern the grotto take a look at the picture
Look at that. Oh, it's collapsing
When you look at the time for Halloween. It's the jack O'lantern the grotesque singers mangled nose and nasal area shock
Passures by who recently spotted Lisa Marie's ex-Hubby in the parking lot of the Beverly Hills region hotel in Beverly Hills
As the inquirer has reported repeated plastic surgery as damage michaels
Sniffer and the tissue in its tip has died
The tissue in his tip has died gang green baby now the facial fee
And I go appears to be more frightening than ever
But the good news is that the public in no longer needs to make up to do his thriller number
How do you like that Vincent press and be proud
And now we got another one. See I always put these together like and wait till we get to Justin
Justin's instinct with a listen alone or you can be roasted about whatever
Yeah, by the way did not see man gonna be holding other press conference at noon today
He's gonna say like that all you media people you be standing on our hair and don't be doing this and don't be doing that and you shouldn't
Thrilled about that tarot card but
But whoever it is that we don't know who it is
But whoever it might be that we're communicating with I want you to repeat this often as you can't see when it's
Convenient for him he wants to use and manipulate the media
But when he wants to bitch him out wedding doubt he cusses him out
See he does have a good point, but it's too late now back when they just first decided that we're gonna use the military and use the
Applates for recount aerial reconnaissance
That's when a guy changed his locale
That's when there was a between a monday and saturday there was that long gap and he changed his whole plan
Why did anybody need to know that
We don't right
Anyway, ex brother-in-law shocking claims wacko jacko beat up bubbles and he bribe leesomery and debbie wrote him
This is in the globe
Michael Jackson cruelly beat and tortured pets engaged in bizarre voodoo rituals and injected himself with the chemical to turn his skin white claims his former brother-in-law
Those who just some of the shocking allegations that'll be made in the upcoming book
Tendatively called the Jackson family by Latoya Jackson's ex-husband Jack Gordon
Gordon claims he'll ripped a lid off Lacko jacko's closely guarded secrets
Including the allegation that the 44-year-old pop star
Rhybed ex-wives leesomery pressley and debbie wrote a merium he paid leesomery
$15 million to merium along with a promise of a record contract says Gordon he never delivered on that music career
Although Gordon has not found a publisher for his bizarre story
Michael is furious over his claims vigorously denying them and both debbie and leesomery also denies claims
Michael says it's complete nonsense as a source close to the singer. He's telling his family. None of what Gordon is saying is accurate but
The 62-year-old talent-gain agent claims he got a glimpse into the hidden lives of the Jackson family during his many years
His Latoya's manager and husband that's husband and like the governor would do with the quote right right
There's six-year marriage ended in charges of spousal abuse and spousal arousal and a messy divorce in 1997
His most outrageous accusations of Michael's treatment of his famous pet chimp bubbles
I saw him punch and kick bubbles in the stomach claims Gordon
Add in them when he asked Michael about it to start replied he doesn't feel it. He's a chimpanzee. I have to discipline him
But Gordon who's battling lung cancer also claims he saw a monkey said on fire. I wonder if that was a trained monkey
You think I don't know
Another trained monkey
So uh, claims he saw a monkey said on fire during a weird voodoo ritual at the Jackson compound in Encino, California
1986
Gordon also says Michael's lighter skin color was due to weight liquid which the singer rejected
I saw him do it in 1985. He says the boxes were delivered to his house every day
The Las Vegas showbiz agent who managed Lorraine above it promises more explosive revelations about Michael and his plan and an upcoming tone
My book will uncover these seamy side of the Jackson's he tells globe. They're cruelty and obsessions
But Michael's attorney John Brankas says Gordon's claims are fabrications consider the source
He says I don't believe anyone will believe anything comes out of Jack word in his purse is what he said
You believe him? I believe him every word of it
And by the way speaking of our close personal friend
And stink pop star just in timber like his talking mirage with an older he is gross man
There's a picture of him here. I wouldn't touch him with moe's hand
Good galley. I wouldn't touch it with moe's to pay
man as he grotesque
He's talking mirage with an older woman is 29 year old sweetie a list of malano which got George very upset this morning
That's all right. I love her. She's uh she's
She's not too much. She's skank is the word used to be really hot while she's sure and she lost it
She woke up one day and got a case of the Jason Gedricks you got the ugliest
Just in 21 and charmed starless have introduced their mothers to each other and friends say both moms have given their go ahead to the
Nupshul bye bye bye
It was real warm family event when Justin listen their moms had drinks together at the Hollywood restaurant club
Joseph's cafe recently revealed a source close to Justin
It was the first opportunity Justin's mom Lynn Harless or that hairless had to meet a listen. She brought along her mom Lynn
Isn't this great?
And this is in the inquire by the way put this in the category if we believe it
Lins opinion is incredibly important to Justin. He's looking long term would listen out of his mom has given him the thumbs up
Where do you think she stuck the thumbs up?
He's a young guy but Lissus really turned his head
She has a successful career of her own
But now one that puts her in competition with Justin like Brittany did that bitch
Just in the listen their moms were seated at the VIP tables of the hip restaurant club and I wouldn't disclose
Just that and Lissum made eyes at each other as they chatted with their moms
At one point Justin picked up two beers headed one to a listen and then the two blue and their bottles as if they were wind instruments
And they were duetting on a song they were nose to nose and this enough to make you puke
After the little performance they moved in for a kiss
Now what what is that? I don't I don't care
You already showed me that I'm not interested. I'm not impressed with naked sluts
While Alyssa and Justin hooked up just a few months ago Justin secretly had a crush on her for years a friend of the actors revealed
That was almost the first thing he told her when they met at the posh outdoor nightclub Falcon in midsummer
Josh told her sweetly you were my first love. I fell in love with you when you played Samantha on who's the boss
I used to fantasize about you all the time you were my dream girl
Alyssa gave Justin a sexy knowing smile and said bye bye bye
And said well this is no dream and you don't have to fantasize anymore
no
After that first romantic meeting and by the way you think that our Carlos is ugly
Which you're right. I mean Carlos is beautiful compared to this kid. Oh, yeah
Trust me he looks he's like Tom Brady compared to Justin Tinkerbell
After that first romantic meeting at Falcon they started hitting clubs like AD and the lounge and slipped into the premiere of the new video game
Dead to rights together
Alyssa also visited the set where Justin was making the video for his new single like I love you
The world when romance has quickly become something far more serious said the source three years ago
Alyssa was telling reporters that she planned to have children soon whether or not there's a man in my life
And now is their 30th birthday approaches inside or say britain's ex may be just in time
Isn't that cute little play on words there
Yeah
Alyssa's bringing your mother to be Justin and his mom is a momentous occasion to print a clear
I mean she's really sizing someone up and looking for mom's advice since a list and Justin been together
It's been one v-date after another now the vets are on for when Justin and listen will walk down the aisle together
Bye bye bye oh my god
He's grotesque
And
Now let's get to the most important story there. I know I held this back so far bedtime story about Jesus Christ
burial box may be tied to Jesus family was that hey Zeus
And unadorned limestone burial box apparently bought 15 years ago on the Jerusalem antiquities market
Maybe the oldest archaeological evidence of Jesus and the first object ever found that relates to a member of his family and archaeological journal announced yesterday
The box or
Osu-Wary typical of those used in the first century a century to bury bones is inscribed
James son of Joseph's brother of Jesus and dates to around
62 AD when early texts say that James one of the first Christian leaders was stoned to that as punishment for preaching about Jesus
How do you like that Jesus Christ? Andre Lamar. I thought he was a hockey player
Nick Kintajak Lamar
Andre Lamar professor at the Sorbonne in Paris and especially in ancient inscriptions first saw the box last summer
After meeting the owner by chance in Jerusalem since then he and other scholars and scientists have checked the lettering style for historical consistency
And tested the surface of the carve letters to make sure they weren't forged in an article released yesterday by the non-sectarian
Biblical archaeological review. I bet you didn't know there was such a thing. No
The biblical archaeology review Lamar pronounces both box and inscription genuine
Though he concedes there's a small chance the Osu-Wary held not the James of the New Testament
But the bones of a contemporary with the same name you don't think there was more than one James do you know never in history
It'll be extremely important if its authentic said Lawrence East Stager a professor of archaeology of Israel at Harvard University
Everything they put in this non-technical article seems to point in that direction
Stager said to discovery if it holds up would be important in a long-standing debate over how accurately Christian text depicts the life of Jesus
And would run scholars to take seriously the clues provided in the New Testament
Of course, you'll never prove or disprove the miracles
He said but to give him an actual authentic setting of place and persons is no small accomplishment Jesus Christ
Attitude to the historical Jesus range from extreme skepticism that says he never lived at all
A made-up story to those who accept practically everything that's written in the New Testament about him
Staggerated most archaeologists work in between and really don't have a great deal of existential interest and how it turns out
They're more interested in just understanding and recreating the past
In other words was there really ever a Jesus Christ and did he ever steal a freight train
And did they have to really live in that sleazy manger that awful cheap motel
Don't you think Tom Mo that could help them out
If Tom would have known how important he was gonna be you know what the light on for us
He probably would have left a candle burn
I tell you really let me down today is that Troy Stradford just when you think one of our salespeople is on top of stuff
They turn out to be a real a real butt plug. He's an asshole
You know first he did with the brandy's tag and then we got pompadopark
You think we have a new piece of copy for pompadopark? No, no, they've got nothing
Troy leaves me like naked here today, baby
And there are a few things in the world uglier than me naked maybe Justin
Even with clothes on he I'm serious. He is
nasty looking
God
Hey, anyway, if you're looking for a great time out
pompadoparks got live racing tomorrow night and three nights a week Wednesday Friday and Saturday lots of action at pompadopark
With free clubhouse admission free grandstand admission and free parking too
Another we're in this time of the year. We got to six floor dining room open of again the food there the other night was sensational
Even fat rich was like smiling and smircling. That's just before he turned all red in the face
The racetracks world read down top of the park restaurant is open for the racing season and you're anyone of chef Kirk
Lade's nightly specials or pick your choice of fresh seafood great delicious steaks or some shows desserts from the menu
And of course the dining room is way up there in the six floor so things get really rough
It's not far to the elevator to go up to the top and jump
Pompadopark is open for live racing like I said three nights a week Wednesday Friday and Saturday
Don't forget they knew early post-time 715 this season and of course
Simulcasting every day starting in noon seven days a week from tracks all over the country all over the continent
Every Wednesday still dollar night a pompadopark would draft beer hop dog soda popcorn even large
Pressels on your bucket piece and if you're really nice
Maybe Dick fineberg will give you a bettavy downs program from 1964 like he gave me the overnight you think you'll do that?
I doubt it
Bob Beaumont, Benny Webster, Eddie Cobb thanks Dick
Pompadopark in Pompadop each of blocks out of the line at Boulevard on Powerline Road
Don't forget live harness racing in its best three nights a week Wednesday Friday and Saturday
715 New Worldly Post-Time
We're supporting you 560
You a. M
Mandage I
Sorry
I'm not
Hello George
She'd have Tom Cruise as a lover
He's a man
Boy
1132 and 560 WQM guess what we got coming up in noon today man one of our great features every day
And I think we can live with this for a long time to come the moosey man stupid. Yeah
That's why we enjoy him so much. We're gonna get together with a moosey man and
solve all these a sniper killings which if you've been sleeping all morning while we had another one this morning up there in Maryland
In the burbs silver springs
Buster Iber shot
He's dead silver spring Maryland
And by the way the inquirer said no, aren't we concerned since this thing is ongoing
And evidently not anywhere near conclusion in spite of what moosey man. You know what he's gonna say don't you noon nothing
He's gonna say absolutely nothing
Sniper it's not random. This is in the inquirer
It says investigators use satellites to track down serial killer
Investigators probing the Washington area sniper shootings believe the killer has a secret hit list of intended victims
And that list goes all the way to the White House
You buy see I'm skeptical right on the back you think that the bus now the FBI woman
See how come nobody is conjectured about that
You think that could have just been a coincidence it could have been but I don't know
The inquirer has learned that the secret service entered the investigation in its early stages and
sophisticated satellite technology has been employed in the search for the gunman or gun men who executed eight
Instant people are critically injured two others in the nine-day period
There was strong apprehension that the shooter may have been warming up to take out either the president another type of
Administration official or a congressional leader said retired circuit secret secret service agent who remains in frequent contact with the president's personal protectors
These attacks were well planned probably even rehearsed
Concern was so high that president Bush has been given daily briefings on the hunt for the sniper
And a top law enforcement inside a told the inquirer
We have the best investigative assets involved in this and our profilers have indicated from early on
They believe the ultimate plan is to take out the president or some other top political figure
We believe the shooter could go out in a blaze of guns or bombs and take many many more with him
Recently developed information indicates the possibility of two killers working in tandem
We also believe that the target sites were pre-arranged and the killers practice their getaways
And we've not been able to rule out a foreign terrorist connection
We think this may have been rehearsed and that's why we become worried about an attack on the president or other high-foil
Profiled individuals
We secretly began using a satellite to provide overhead pictures which are now being studied
We've used military choppers armed with special infrared scopes to check out wooded areas
There's been other evidence gathered at several crime scenes other than the shell casing and the Tiro card that were found
The police are being tonnid a
A message scrolled on the Tiro card found at the set of one shooting red deer policeman
I am god the other evidence recovered by investigate is including taunting and defined messages
Has not been made public due to the shooter's demands that messages he sends not be publicly this close according to veteran FBI agent
The shooting began on the afternoon of October. So where we know all of that and about the 13-year-old kid
psychiatrist Andrew Hodges told the inquirer
This is someone who's very angry. He wants others to feel his pain
He's not the typical serial killer. He's on a power trip at some point in his life
His masculinity was degraded by an authority figure now. He's out for revenge wait till you're this part
He may have been sexually abused or even raped by a male authority figure
That would piss me off you ready for that it says he may have been abused or even raped it
By some male authority will cable and rape me yeah
And the ultimate authority in this country's president Bush it says another possibility investigators looking into was the shooter or shooters a
Sleepers out of alcatas sympathizers terrorizing the citizens and giving up for something big set of sourcing investigation
The FBI rolled out all of its technological aids in a desperate attempt to bring the sniper down in addition to satellite photos taken from space
They might pinpoint the killer's vehicle at the time of the shooting
They've also used computer generated three-dimensional crime scene mockups and even brain fingerprinting
The 3d crime scene replications aid potential witnesses and recalling what they saw and the brain finger printing amounts today
They sophisticated light detector that reads electrical impulses in the brain the FBI source explained by showing a suspect a crime scene
Recreation will be able to tell if he recognizes it and whether he's been there
How do you like that? He says the case is the top priority right now
They're pulling out all the stuff to notice you see the beautiful job. They're doing right. I do a hell of a job man
And most man's gonna tell us that at noon 24 minutes from now. Moosey man's gonna be on there
And one thing I notice about him. He's kind of stupid. Yeah, I mean I could be wrong
He could be like a genius, but he don't impress me too much
And George is like yeah
319
319 votes on that pole. What do you think in the old Wednesday noon to one comedy bits hour? Huh you like it? Yeah, I hate it
You don't give a crap
Part of the students who are there did they come after hearing the reports or were they already there and just decided not to go home
Now actually they they came here this morning and absolutely nothing
They'll talk to anybody they can find who's breathing
Or even close to it
They'll talk to plants shrubs
Fire hydrants anything they can put a microphone in front of to fill up the 24 hours and you do understand this shooting occurred at 556 this morning
There is nothing else going on
This is even more all encompassing than Chris and Oranda or rendez or whatever's naming are you sure? Yeah, Oranda and Chris
nonstop all sniper all day all day
And Muff just came in and said uh like that just like that
He said here are those numbers here's Maddie Bell with him numbers
What's the question nothing
What do you mean nothing? He wanted to see if the fact machine was working
Somebody's calling him bugging him that the fax machine is working the fax machine is working great thanks again Jose
From laser MD and hollywood
There's nothing infant. Yes laser MD ink. Yeah, thanks again. Who's it's working great?
Working better than ever Muff so don't believe anything that those go I'm telling you on the phone
Okay, don't believe him for a minute
323 votes. What do you think of our noon to one comedy looks like we'll be doing it again tomorrow because so far looks pretty
I love it 126. It's okay
108 it's a waste of time 46. I hated 43
Out of 300 see it's a waste of time those are the people that want to hear like bedtime stories four hours every day people take things a little bit too seriously
See what I'm saying. I don't we don't want to take things too seriously because we're not gonna solve the problems in the world here on the show
Although I'm Mike I'm very glad that that Jim DeFeedy story crossed by I have this morning
About our uncaring obnoxious anti-human scumbag governor Jeb Bush
How he can still be heading to polls justice is mind-boggling to me
What kind of people would be voting for him for anything?
anything
What kind of retardos would be voting for an anti-human sub sub scumbag whatever hell he is you didn't see deliverance
Yeah, those guys know those kind well. This is Florida. Maybe we got a lot of them. Oh my god. They're up an air big guy damn tree
And speaking of family tree take a look at that this functional family his
Oh, what was that story about George P who did I say obsessed with him now? Oh
brisney oh, yeah, Britney's got around George P. It's a dark day
It wasn't bad enough just in tinkerbell got you really psychotic, but now
Now she's in a George P Bush and by the way hello George
Hey, Moe ever see George P
21 till noon at five sixty WQA. I'm let me tell you about balance for life right now
I was talking to pony tail at pizza loft yesterday he lost 40 pounds on balance for life. Did you know that I had no idea
I think that's what he said I'm pretty sure and he's also got his and or somebody you know
He's also lost a crap load of weight on it
And last week we had that series of great puck pieces on channel four news about it without sunshine waving his ham hogs
Hey out fatso
If you want to lose weight there's 80 zillion ways to do it the very few of them that really work, okay
The thing with a lot of these programs is you've got to figure out what you're going to buy when you go shopping
Account calories and count carbohydrates and the zone diet is very complicated
And it's almost impossible to figure out what you can eat in the amounts and the measurements
But the zone diet is very effective for a lot of people which is why it's the centerpiece of the balance for life program
But they figured out for you. That's why they bring you all the food
That's it. You don't have to count anything other than just pick out the choices that you want under many every day
You pick out between two choices for every meal and they bring a little black sack in that sack is all the food for the entire day
Every day they deliver right to your work to your
House wherever you want them to by six o'clock in the morning inside your little black sack is a little bottle of water
But most importantly three delicious gourmet meals fresh not frozen not prefabricated made with the best ingredients on earth and two delicious snacks too
And like I tell you some days you'll say I can't eat all that food today
Just do it because it helps lose that weight
So pick up that phone and call balance for life and pretty soon you can be just as slim as Jeff Cohen
Or you can look almost as lovely as the beast who's lost nearly 60 pounds already on balance for life called 954
568 3229 and tell Troy nice earrings 954 568 3229 or visit their website at balanceforlife.com
And this is sports 20 or 562 way yeah
Underly the
Consul is
The

The thunder leads up, the thunder leads up, what you be doing
Get me a fascist black head, token schmutzeth off
Is you take, cause you a hatton, boop, lipp, lipp, roo
There's a huge black head and some mammary, who'll be smart
Does they like, how you shot their shoes, thunder leads up
All the way you watch and talk the white is cause
Hello, George
George is junior, say he trust you, thunder leads up
Through stellar allies of the greedy oil mower
But then he make you clean all the white house bathrooms
The toplessies, the toilet, and then scrub the floor
They gel you, don't wear sandals, god don't leave them
Your coachy toe nails makes them wobble, wretching you
Your mappillager makes you slide, it'll be velcro
If you'll be what you can be, that token's new
Another train monkey
One day while you'll be flippin' back, hey, you may realize
That's a tree that you just like your esterone
That's when your head will move from side to side, thunder leads up
It's a bush and from here, they be cracked from asshole
So let me ask you, who'd you like better Chris or Orronday?
14 till noon at 5.60 WDQ
I'm the mad dog from Shulas at 1, hanged from Shulas at 3
With Patrick Sir Tan, between 5 and 6, talking hardball with Crow to Shroo at 7
And then we got to World Series game number 3 at 8.30, followed by Eddie Kay
And the Joe Mark overnight show and those guys are, see Joe's just puttin' on it act
You know, playin' very low key, low expectations
And if they get a good number in there overnight, say, hey, look at that, Greedig
And if not, I say, we kinda knew it, you know
He's a humble boy
Is he eating humble pies at it?
Not yet?
Redheads harder to knock outs for you to that
Oh, we will be carrying the press conference by the way with Moosey Man at noon
We will?
Why not?
Well, what do you give me a look like that?
Inquiry minds out there, people in their cars, people at work, they wanna hear what he be havin' to say
We're all gonna get together around a radio and listen to what he be havin' to say at noon
Because, you know, every time he holds another way he's press conferences, we get some real big information
You know what I'm sayin'?
Redheads harder to knock out, can you believe this?
No
The genetic work that makes red here red may also make caretops harder to knock out in the operating room
A new study suggests that people with naturally red hair need about 20% more anesthesia than patients with other hair colors
It's a small study that'll lead confirmation, but it marks the first time scientists have linked a visible genetic trait to anesthesia
A doses said Dr. Daniel Cessler of the University of Louisville, who study will be presented today at a meeting of the American Society of Anesthesiologists
Inadequate doses of general anesthesia, you can allow people to be called surgery or even wake up during it
Problems that occur in one percent of cases, Cessler said
You know what they have? They have like a little hammer that hits you with, if you wake up in the middle of the surgery they have like one of the little hammers
If, well, see he and the redhead, that's why he walked in right there
If he would have had red hair he would not have walked in
If redheads require more anesthesia and are not given more the chances of having me call during surgery's increase he said
Greg came in with some bonus check and you knew contract, it's nice to see
I mean, you know, the congratulations on a tremendous book
Wasn't that bad?
Look at this
Hello, George
Yeah
Tremendous job, he said
Hey listen, considering you know all things unequal
It's your better than last summer than number five
And see it's too bad that they're enough to pull those things out of there because I forgot that you were number five last summer
Pretty weak
Determining a patient is more anesthyzed as partly an art while it's a story
It's okay, it's just a thing about redheads which I have an aversion to anyway
And I know many people feel so many and it's not personal if you're a redhead don't say I G or just such a hard ass
It's not personal, I mean you can't help it if you have red hair
But I just had people with that red complexion and red pasty here
There's just something about it like a like a caratop you know
It just grosses me out then of course I look at a mirror and think well
Anchorage, Alaska, a bird the size of a small airplane was recently spotted flying over southwest Alaska
Puzzling scientists, the Anchorage Daily News reported this week
The newspaper quoted residents in the villages of Toguyak and Menacotak as saying the creature
Like something out of the movie Jurassic Park had a wingspan of 14 feet making it the size of a small airplane
Anyway
See what can you say to him?
Huh?
I'm trying to be a nice guy and it's just I know Greg was in the doorway and he said hello George
At first I thought it was one of those old time auto planes the paper quoted Moses Kupchiak 43 a heavy equipment operator from Toguyak is saying
Instead of continuing tour me advantage left and that's why I noticed it wasn't a plane
The Daily News the largest daily in Alaska said scientists had no doubt that people in the region west of Dillingham had seen the wind creature
But they were skeptical skeptical about its reported size
I'm certainly not aware of anything with a 14 foot wind spin that's been life for at least a hundred thousand years
The paper quoted Raptor specialist Phil Schempfer saying
Raptor specialist? Is he like an NBA fan?
From Toronto? Kupchiak said the bird disappeared over the hill any radioed Toguyak residents to tell him to keep their chillin in
Another local resident of pilot who initially dismissed the reports said he recently saw the bird from a distance of just a thousand feet while flying his airplane
The people in the plane saw him John Bacca was quoted saying he's huge. He's huge. He's really really big
You wouldn't want to have your children out
Shampon Rob McDonnell of the west fishing wildlife service had there been several sightings over the past year and a half of a stellar eagle
A fish eating bird that can weigh 20 pounds and have a wingspan of eight feet
Wow like a dinosaur
Man
Oh you're gonna be upset about this well maybe not maybe not because she's really gross and she's got a nasty chin
She's got a chin like Maria Shriver's a matter of fact Reese with his spoon. Oh I hate her. Oh good. I believe she's a beast. Yeah she's nasty
Well I make it a big deal about her. I don't like to do that. Reese with his spoons nude shocker
Oh my god. America's sweetheart bears her boobs for Paul Newman
Reese with his spoon has been called America's sweetheart after goody goody rolls in recent hit movies
But she took it off for all off for a sizzling topless scene with Ulster Paul Newman and a racie flick
Boy she is nasty the film was 1998's Twilight which resplays a spoiled teen who runs off to Mexico for some wild living in a red hot sex thing with her boyfriend portrayed by leave Shriver
Kind of a name is that her boyfriend is leave
Sure
L.I.E.V. is a guy's name?
Not where I come from. Now starring in the box office smash sweet home Alabama
Restried to pass off the nudity is inconsequential but that's not how a viewer the film describes it
With a split in Shriver have a steamy love scene in the opening minutes as the viewer she's lying on a couch topless while he runs his lips down her bare breast to her stomach
When Shriver goes to the bathroom Reese who was then 20 goes into the bedroom where 70 year old Newman playing a private eye cent by her parents to bring her home is waiting
The camera frames her naked from the waist up as she walks into the bedroom says the viewer where she is shocked to find Newman would broken in earlier
And of course I wonder do you think pause got any clothes on in this scene? We can only hope
I'll find it I'll find it and she walks in and says to Paul
You call that a penis?
It's starting to see gorgeous Reese topless and uninhibited in front of the camera
But it's also a little unsettling because Newman is old enough to be her grandfather
The legally blonde beauty only shows her breast in the scene but the film director Robert Benton says
The script originally called for full frontal nudity
What a seconding thought with her
She agreed to do that Benton says that day before we shot the scene I told her I thought it'd be more appropriate to do it just from the waist up
I think she was probably deeply relieved I wonder how deep
But she never said she was dreading it or anything she was terrific
That deep
The star Mary while she Paul Newman's old is probably really shriveled up by now
The star Mary to actor Ryan Philippe and mom of three year old Ava confesses that it wasn't that difficult to prance around half naked
Actually it was liberating Reese 26ers I was frightened to death at first and I got to the set and I thought I'm not embarrassed about my body
Maybe my chin but not the rest of my body
My ugly face yes but the rest of my body no and when she makes faces like when she grimaces it goes to a whole new level
Oh!
Speaking of ugly broads
And now look at this
See I don't want to criticize the media because I know they have a lot of hours to fill up but it's reached the new level of desperation
They now have what's the guy's name John he's the CNN House doctor he does all the medical reports
This is the second time I've seen him under this morning
He has a thing the model he has a model the human innerids of the guts
And he's showing us where this victim this morning the bus driver was shot
Now the guy is dead
Right does it really make a difference where he was shot?
I mean we know he was shot on the bus
Right
But does it make a difference where in the abdomen he was shot?
No not at this point or even before
No because now he's dead
Remember Reagan's colon
Yeah but Reagan was the president
I remember long before you were born Eisenhower had his good bomb movements after his heart attack
On the front page of the newspaper
President had two good bomb movements today and we all said holy crap that's good
You know
But this guy I mean he was a bus driver he's the latest victim it's a grotesque horrendous story
But what does this add to our to our understanding to our knowledge?
It fills the turret
I see right on
Reports Martha Mayfire a face charges
Oh right
Federal regulators reportedly are set to recommend filing fraud charges against Martha Stewart
The home decorating entrepreneur who's been on the scrutiny for possible insider trading violations
Related to her sale of income systems stock that's Martha no relation to the former me believe and New York Ranger runs Stewart
The Wall Street Journal and financial time citing people familiar with the matter said staff at the SEC have told Stewart the agency plans to recommend filing civil securities fraud charges against during connection with their controversial stock sale last December
So what a grace say to give you like a bass song give you a big hug
Slap me on the back
Slap you on the back give you a big hug what do you say?
I already played it hello George oh there you go he didn't say nice job oh
He might have but I forgot I was going to go
Oh
Stewart sold nearly 4,000 m-clone shares in December day before the company's application for the cancer drug
Urban talks ran into a regulatory herlots and m-clone shares diving tumbling puking their guts out
Stewart does denied receiving any insider information out of the sale saying she had a long standing remove the broker to unload income when it fell below $60
Oh George before passing the matter on the Justice Department congressional investigators said that the various accounts of what happened from Stewart
Her brokers in Sam walks in the former in Clone CEO and friend of Stewart don't add up the sale is taking a big toll on the companies she had and the company she had shares of Martha Stewart
Living her down 54% this year all right and for whatever reason we all we all despise Martha Stewart
We I mean like Rosie we know why we can't stand Rosie she's a disgusting fat nauseating just with an accent though everything about her physically
You know a broad but Martha she just a smug bitch I think that's the thing we don't like goody two shoes pine cone paint and bitch smug bitch
1156 oh we got the moosey man standard by he'll be along it says right there noon and he don't monkey around
I he might postpone her to cancel the 20 or 30 times because he likes keeping us hanging on the line you know moosey man
I see I don't know what the hell I'm doing now I must be on drugs or something today because I keep getting way ahead of myself what I don't know I don't know I keep like throwing I'm doing the right thing
No I I don't know what it is today maybe I just anxious to get out of here could I be I just anxious to get out of here so I can go do some research and find out those are by our numbers
We should happen tomorrow I'm disappointed we don't happen today I'm really disappointed in Maddie Bell fat boy and our two salespeople leaving tomorrow for Vegas I don't know 23rd to the 30th I believe is their reward for making budget July and August they're leaving us
So I guess we'll have to and Maddie Bell better not be going on a trip because then if I asked her the numbers oh well Maddie's not here somebody better be here to give us those hour by our numbers tomorrow
So we can like we adjust report your paycheck one of our two PDs in fact read your city said we're not going to reapportion your paycheck
We're just going to reapportion moose paycheck we're like size it down like to less than half of yours which I think would be very amusing
All right three minutes still noon at 560 WQA and let me tell you what's not amusing that's when your carpets get looking and smelling really funky okay when you're really nasty
And even the best carpets in the world when you do a lot of slumping around the house and dropping stuff and animals and slabs and slavering and stuff from the outside dirt and mud and crap
Your carpets believe me it gets way down there in the fibers of your carpet every time you walk around on it it's like grinding it in there like rubbing salt in your womb
So pick up the phone and call my good friends and dry concepts they will come in and dry clean your carpets and they'll do a stupendous unbeatable job I guarantee it
Because they dry clean just like clothing and suck out even the deepest down dirt in the fibers of your carpet which makes them look just like brand spanking new
Make some stay cleaner longer which eventually makes them last longer too and they smell a lot of fresh in a couple of hours you're ready to rock and roll again
And they give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job no matter what they do for it whether it's carpet cleaning, furniture cleaning, draper cleaning, spot dying, fiber protection, carpet repairs, infliner rental rough service, the orderization or if you have a flood complete water damage restoration too
Don't forget to go to website right now too at www.dryconcepts.com and you can check them out on that if you like
But take my word for it or Georgia's word or my mother's word or everybody I know's word because we've all used them and we love them they're the best in the world
Call Drive Concepts and Broward at 9.5.4.370.778, 9.5.4.370.778 in Dator Palm Beach is a tool free call 1-800-248-5071 that's 1-800-248-5071 clean today and retained tonight with dry concept
And they're running up there in Maryland and Silver Springs guys dead bus driver wouldn't area behind the bus the waiting area there the bus stop these investigations is how methodically and successfully he finds an escape route again this was an area with the web of site
I know absolutely nothing but the most you man was supposed to be able to press conference and you don't think he's going to be delaying it again do you and you hear everybody's saying he's going to be yanking everybody's chained in lecturing the media again and saying oh yeah but don't forget it you got to repeat this message is often as possible I thought that was like I don't know I mean I realized what he was doing but let's get serious he wants to have it his way either he wants to have his taters and eat him his way well we'll just continue flying along here while we wait for the muslim to come out and set up because they certainly got no information about anything
and don't forget all sniper all day every one of the time let's take a look let me see what what numbers MSNBC on here on the cable on this thing oh I don't know you don't know I used to know is Fox
so I knew this 56 and guess what's on there headline news 56 Saturday night and now we have for the first time in very early morning shooting yeah okay and what about five MSNBC is 63 63 is MSNBC
this particular area which may answer the question as to why for the second day in a row can certain areas here I'll give you the name of them
Chesterfield Hanover and RICO Richmond Guchland Dinwitty and Prince George's County have all canceled classes here for the
okay and what's the other one Fox we have any idea what Fox is on this got for second quarter of the
year 46 for Fox on major thoroughfare Georgia Avenue which becomes 16 all sniper all day thank God there ain't nothing else in the world going on
obviously it's a big story but these people see that poll we took yesterday this isn't just a feeding frenzy
whatever's like about a hundred thousand times beyond feeding frenzy that's what these people are in and I will I'll say it for
I mean you've got to give him credit for filling up all these hours with nothing with nothing a lot of talking heads a lot of the same people the fifth
beetle boed beetle he's on there and he keeps talking about how big it is in a gun too you know I don't I don't know but all I can say is
hello George 361 votes on a poll what do you think of the old Wednesdays noon to one comedy bits are which I guess is safe for tomorrow
I love it 139 eight love it it's okay 120 waste of time 51 I hated 51 so it's 250 or 250 9 to 102 man that's just about that same ratio as your numbers in the summer book
to most oh and for a stripper by the way so they're going to be pretty embarrassing numbers in the morning all of our sales people it's
unanimous mo so he wants to blame just us ripped us this morning which is fine that's good I wish I would have heard it I wonder if it was by name
probably not I wish I would have heard it that's awful when everybody knows it's the beast's fault that's right now that we got the
beast out of there but you get up to a two five don't you think two one now what's that what's that you just got
handed mr. Rogers rapes a serious thing why are you doing this on a daily basis oh thanks Mo
good golly miss molly well the only reason that we started talking about rape at all was because we'll
chamblin rate me yeah six minutes after noon at five sixty wqa and victims of clerical abuse urge American
vishops to stand up to Rome stung by the Vatican's criticism of a clergy sex abuse reform policy
a leading victims advocacy group is urging American Roman Catholic prelates to stand up to Rome outside
Catholic churches more than a dozen U.S. cities Sunday members of survivors network of those abuse by
priest snap handed out leaflets calling on worship person to demand the removal of abusers regardless of
what officials in Rome say and they are absolutely correct virtually every bishop has come under fire for
protecting molesters said David cohe has seen national directors snap maybe it's time to come under fire
for protecting kids the action coincided with bishop willton Gregory's reiteration of his belief that
the Vatican is not rejected the hard line reforms developed the summer in Dallas by the U.S. Roman Catholic
bishops Gregory present the U.S. conference of Catholic bishops and bishop of the billville in the
Lloyd dice he's returned on the Sunday after a week of high level meetings in Rome after week of being a high in Rome
Gregory downplayed the Vatican's criticism of the sex abuse policy saying there must be a series of
conversations about three troubling aspects before it can be approved he said the holy sea will not make
a final decision on the policy until after a joint see that comes in there again he was high in roman
I was talking about joints a joint U.S. Vatican commission works out the differences and that's and you
know something I always wondered what that smoke was they blow out of the Vatican there was never any doubt yeah
when in doubt they're getting smoked out the Vatican said Friday was troubled by aspects of the
U.S. time to permanently oust all known abusers other trouble spots include the policy's definition
of sexual abuse and the role of local lay review boards that are supposed to advise bishops on abuse
cases Gregory said the names of the four U.S. bishops who will serve on the commission will be announced
this week and we can't wait for that nevertheless snap remains unconvinced that Rome will be
satisfied with minor changes critics say the before policy has been gutted
Gregory will say the commission is tweaking the Dallas charter clohes he said but that's desperate
spend-doctoring the Vatican objections are clearly at the very core of the Dallas charter that's
right we did our dog and pony show we did the window dressing now cut the crap get serious
because after all isn't the Pope is need a final word on the matters of moral and oral and anal
and reversed that's right the buck stops there that's what he said we'll chamberlain rate me say
now we don't think that's funny at all boy wouldn't about George is laughing though for some reason
but it must be because chief mousi is like a little bit like we better do the break right away now
though because we don't want to miss the mousi man they show on the microphones the podium
eight minutes after noon and let me tell you about olio med right now pops him in your purse you can't
hurt it's a great combination of pharmaceutical great olive oil combined with vitamins minerals
herbals other nutrients scientifically designed and balanced to provide natural nutrition solutions
to help you for various parts of your health like we've been telling you for a long time now
be sure and check out olio meds three new formulas they have one to help you sleep one for weight
management and coq 10 all using the benefits of pharmaceutical great olive oil coq 10 by the way
great for your heart and great for your pulse rate olio meds an outstanding new product that's
available at public's records and Walgreens column to get more info about olio med at their tool
free number one eight six six olio med that's one eight six six six five three sixty six thirty three or
check them out on their website olio med america dot com and don't forget if you visit your nearest
publics and purchase an olio med product and brow or Dave county you can get you a coupon for a
free Larry cocker bobble head doll while supplies last don't forget to visit their sampling
for brilliant sports done every Sunday with it often be playing home games pick up free olio med samples
and product information to pop some in your purse today olio med my life and look all this is
for 205 city would can't keep us packer in his pants
hey man it's John walker lindt the american tall band let's just say without getting into specifics
i'll be very happy when this year is finally over i'm facing 20 years in prison i'm coming to terms
with the fact that i'm a trader i'm even starting to deal with issues of abandonment with my parents
but that's not the worst of it dude today i pick up the paper and they choose me of there's no
delicate way to say this snorkel and pack a standing weenis they say i was the lover of some
business dude named to zara hi up i will say this i'll remember this guy only slightly
i think i met him in frisco while i was getting my high calonic you know you don't want to mess
the house when there's a chance of unexpected company but this whole thing is the real baliwagel bra
after reading the story and answering four to five hundred phone calls with people asking me to
give sideclops a back rub i finally realized this might be my father uh her maybe it was me i
sure so i couldn't do it now though i'm so freaking loaded with so much my compass is permanently
pointing south i'm not ruling out the fact that i could be turned on by some man can like i'm not
saying i wouldn't have checked this guy out in the shower but she got to remember us tall band
we didn't take showers deep i didn't run from the stink and be fast enough so to surmise
not quite sure the story's accurate not quite sure it's not yay 12 15 at five 60 wqm press conference
momentarily now what were they finally revealing to us i guess they're letting out dribs and
drabs of information the note that was found behind the ponderosa steakhouse the threat by the
sniper was that if they don't meet his demands which they're not telling us what the demands were
he's gonna start shooting children yeah that's the first time we're here in that lovely and uh
how many of you're like living up anywhere in that area you think you're gonna be sending your kids
to school anytime soon no no to school how about out of the house no exactly and they're never even
crossed my mind like down the store to the 7 11 i don't think so
pretty scary craft man but the most man will be out any second now probably make us feel a lot
better about don't you think no about life in general and the great job that they're doing
373 votes on a pool today what do you think the niels wednesday newton one comedy bits are
141 say i love it 38% they love it and the hour two it's okay 128 34.3% right there 72%
guy damn it it's a waste of time 52 i hated 52 which is 27 point like i said overwhelming
overwhelming there's a bodhidle a fifth beetle you know you have a lot of copycats and you
also have a lot of people who want to insert them into this investigation but they said the evidence
does line up with that original tarot card and again i said remember the tarot cards said
i am god that kind of takes you away from any kind of Muslim fundamentalist to say the word god
if you're a Muslim fundamentalist they god is out and that's what you mean so ridiculous
words god is the sacrilegious thing for a fundamentalist like that so it kind of takes it
it's also a sacrilegious thing to be going to strip pubs like all those runs that were down here
in florida were doing so what the hell is that have to do with anything both detailed here we take
it away you're not the fifth beetle okay man oh only six but fuck up fuck up fuck up they don't
know what the other talking about in this to which what else he's expert about because he used
to be a cop he's an expert man oh man well let's just continue because you know the
muslim man he could screw up the pope supreme court refuses to revisit execution of teen killers
all right a bitterly divided supreme court refused yesterday to consider ending the execution
of killers who are under 18 when they committed their crimes for justice has said the court should
continue a re-examination of the death penalty begun in earnest last year the court recently
abolished executions for the mentally retarded the court passed a perchance to reopen the question
whether executing very young killers violates the constitutions ban on a cruel and unusual punishment
so what did he say about speaking of people who aren't too sharp a gray he said he's going to be
working on the thing with norm and said everything that's weak there you go see I told you if he
just relax I'm relaxed the guy just had a death in the family he's under a lot of pressure he's
under a lot of stress he needs a little extra time to make up some stories he has to take a look
at those numbers and examine what the bad mistake he made there in the morning now did he have any
comment to make about those morning numbers do you know not to me I know but I noticed when I
made some comedy was trucking and chortling he was chortling and chuffing the guy huh he's so funny
the practice of executing such offenders is a relic of the past and is inconsistent with evolving
standards of decency in a civilized society roaches his john paul stevens joined by justice
his david suitor Ruth Vader Ginsburg and Stephen bryer who we still have his ice cream we should put
an end to the shameful practice but too bad they lost currently states that allow the death
penalty may impose it on killers or 16 or 17 at the time of their crimes and they will continue
doing that I don't see any problem back to you because one like I've told you before once you're
dead your dead for a long time and whether the person who pulled a trigger was 16 or 17 or 110 it
doesn't make a god damn bit of difference or if they were crazy and if you can tell me that being
16 or 17 you know the difference between kill on somebody you're not killing somebody then
you're living in someplace that I don't want to be in you know I'm saying six you know the
difference like you're living in a country with about a crazy people would gun you know there's
wolf blitzkrieg who says federal law enforcement authorities are working under that assumption
they're clearly going through all of the motions that they've gone through so many times over
I seriously in a history of the human race I mean at least during OJ there was ongoing stuff going
you know what I'm saying there was the DNA evidence and there were like different angles here
there is nothing happening you've got somebody gets shot and killed or goes to the hospital and
is in critical condition and and then they tell you about well that somebody heard a loud sound
or somebody heard what they thought was backfire so and that's not a bulletin when a gun is shot
you know that's not like a major bulletin and that's it that's basically it which they could say
that in about 30 seconds and yet they're managing round the clock what is Bodhidle again you made
with that letter with the evidence showing that it has some similarities and some identifiable
markings on it remarking on we have to take it I don't think he's going to choose the sniper
attacks and murder attacks have to do with money I just can't believe that this person is going
along killing ten shooting thirteen now all of a sudden it's coming out that he wants money
we have to cooperate any way we can to get some kind of communication with this psychopath if it
has to be communicated with cryptic signals then chief moose has to do that and I agree
he comes chief mumu because we don't have anything else so you've got to follow up on it and we're
hoping we're hoping and praying that this psychopath makes a mistake this coward makes a mistake
and then we're able to capture but we have to go along with any avenue that we have and that's
part of the investigation now I want you to interpret for me because he's not very articulate to
say the best what what did he just say I have no idea I'm just I'm speechless yeah we've
pretty just said right we got to get this coward and we got to go along with the investigation
and where the hell's chief moosey that's what I like and I'll see they're just vamping now
just stalling for time very depressing when we expect the moose man to be out there north
Korea issue urx congress oh is that that's something it doesn't have to do with a sniper I'm sorry
this is from Washington Post the White House with held North Korea's admission about a nuclear
weapons program from key democrats until after congress had passed its resolution authorizing
over the rack prompting complaints on Capitol Hill that the administration has left politics
influence its conduct of foreign affairs absolutely correct to ease from today's election by the way
all you dark folks out there vote 20 30 times against the Jeb Bush several senators said
through their aids of defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld did not mention North Korea's covert
nuclear weapons program during a classified briefing held on a secured chamber less than three
hours before two senior administration officials revealed the news in the conference called with
four reporters sent a majority leader prompt vassals such as he is city learned about the weapons
program from newspaper articles the next morning and set in form relations committee chairman
jule biden jr said he was told about two hours ahead of the press at least two republican
senators said they earlier received individual briefings from assistant secretary of state James
Kelly democrats on Capitol Hill were critical of the twelve day gap between the admission by
North Korea and the administration's disclosure during that time congress passed the rack resolution
and president bush sounded hours before the seven p.m. disclosure about North Korea administration
officials said they revealed the information because former Clinton administration officials had
leaked the news after learning from about it from state department contacts democrats said the
episode could further impair the administration's already fragile relations with congress how do you
like that keep him in the dark give him to vote you know do step in line and then oh well guess what
we forgot to tell you but of course we're not going after them because they do have the
weapons see right we're not going after anybody who does have anybody that might someday have well
when in doubt will wipe them out like pakistan see if if it's me pakistan's number one on list but
guess what they already got to bomb oh when in doubt cross them out our good close personal friend
who shot the sheriff and that is named yes meantime who's this group ball with a beard on here i'm
hoping to get some information for you before one o'clock but it's not uh not looking too good well
i was i was actually growing up in new york city when the son of sam well good for you okay in that
grade looks like you didn't make too much progress looks like your growth was stunning lose the
stupid beard too while you're at it schmuck he was growing up in new york while david berkowitz was
doing his thing okay and did the messages with jimmy breslin remember that in the column used
in the daily news in those days you yeah great this ain't the summer s summer summer sam
this is some some of a bitch is what this is that's right and they're just desperate then we're
hearing about andro kounan and in jani versace and this one and that one and this one did this
and and again they're starting last night again is it a serial killer or a spree killer when they
start doing that i want to shoot my tv screen out i'm serious what kind of a rifle you can use
to do that a serial killer or a spree killer
well first of all what differences are made who gives a crap who gives a flying crap
well we want to do that psychological profile you couldn't profile a god damn frog to croco okay
you haven't got any idea what's going on here look look at the way it's going we have it who killed
chandra who killed cock robin where's osama where's mullabula Omar where's uh what's your name
little girl is a bit smart right john minne who killed john minne who really killed uh what's
your name near uh what's your name which one oh j's wife and uh denese see i forgot her name
who killed them who's the real killer come on oh j get off the clock course and help us find a real
killer you some good cold denese who killed the girl that's right see you had a mental walk in that
because she's out of sight out of mind okay out of sight out of mind at damn the coalition you're
gonna say she had to come into a fucking bitch who killed the colon run there's all of these mysteries all
of these puzzles which we don't seem to have the answers are how about and you were almost forgetting
about it how about the anthrax oh aha we got any clues on that we just had the article here a few
days ago about the fact we're not one iota closer to sovonette then we were a year ago how about
that that fill guy yeah he's a feel i'll tell you one thing he's a person of great interest
yeah we haven't got any clue who did that nothing and you people are going to some of you go
step to the polls two weeks from now and vote for any of these assholes i say nobody vote except
unless it's against your bush other than that forget about it and you wonder why young people don't
vote why nobody wants to participate in this crap we got a bunch of mumbling and confidence
running around in every couple of weeks we get another story about well just like the god damn
tanker they French tanker they blew up remember that story from yesterday right see i think what
they're expecting is like maybe they should give the CIA and the FBI and the everybody else in the
SPCA like a like a road map and a compass and a like a date and a time this is what we're going to do
this is when we're going to do it now see if he can catch us and they probably still couldn't do it
just like this god damn keystone cops thing yesterday with two illegal aliens in that white
mini van two beeners looking for day jobs and they're all surrounding they're like like this
guys because some kind of a moron like he's going to give them the phone number to a god damn pay
phone that anybody could find out where the location was and be there at a specific time yeah but
how about those polaroids oh oh yeah i still think about that one about a Mustang because when i
see a Mustang you know how i feel i get physically ill when i see any Mustang 26 afternoon at five
because Mustangs are fine for like teenagers and then people who just never outgrow them
26 past noon is that Miguel's uh i don't know he has one oh my god how sad
how sad somebody who looks as good as him can't find somebody to buy him a better car than that
let me tell you right now mattress shopping is is a total waste of time baby don't be
schlepping at mattress see there's another thing too not just not getting any sleep but if you're
like screwing your brains out and that mattress like Miguel is doing and too bad he doesn't have any
company but anyway you're screwing your brains out you know why I like have a lumpy bumpy old
mattress might even fall right off the edge at the most inopportune squirt squirt time that's
right so it gets you a great new mattress from our friends at dollar mattress i use them all
the time for years now i've been using these people every few years you finally say hey this
mattress is pretty crappy and it don't smell like it anymore either call one 800 mattress right now
gives you the ultimate freedom of choice the top brands in the world they got SIRTA silly sims
king coil no store in the universe can match they're exceptionally low everyday prices and no
store anywhere would even think about offering this kind of service they deliver when it's
convenient for you any day of the week seven days week you picked it to our window 11 to
one one to three two to four five to seven and they'll be there it's unbelievable and they give you
that 30 day home cup or trial to check it out the right way by sleeping and doing your thing on it
so if you want to get a sensational night sleep tonight and every night for a long time to come
call dollar mattress right now they'll never let you down call one 800 mattress one 800 MATTRES
or check them out on the web at mattress.com
my and local this is for trade oh five sixty way to a yeah
first of all the measures were implemented crime scene was surged
this point we have no vehicle look out to share we have no person look out to share
because Mr. Conrad Johnson Mr. Conrad Johnson
the county employee like to ask the county executive to make some comments and certainly
we're all saddened as we are with any loss of life she thank you this is a terrible loss of
life today for one of our county employees almost a 10 year county employee with the right on
bus service that we provide in the county and I want to extend my deepest sympathies we deeply
mourn the loss of this gentleman and I was at the hospital meeting with his family extended my
sympathies to them and it's very close to home but with any of these murders that we have seen
any loss of life is a real tragedy for this entire community I would ask that the community
keep this victims families in their thoughts and prayers as they have for all of the victims and
their families of the last few weeks and would ask that people respect the privacy of this family
as they go about their grieving process thank you
the law enforcement community is looking at this situation certainly very similar to other
situations that we've been dealing with as a region evidence the listics will be gathered
so what determine if this situation is linked yeah we will have that work done and when it is
complete then that will be shared we remain concerned about the safety of all the people in our
region we realize that the person or the people involved in this have shown a clear willingness
and ability to kill people of all ages all races all genders all professions different times different
days and different locations certainly encourage everyone to remain cautious vigilant about their
activities to remain observant anything out of place anyone driving away from an area erratically
anyone behaving strangely or in a way that maybe it's not themselves but we also want us to remain
resolved to remain focused and very resilient as Americans we're proving to be resilient time and
time again as people try to threaten our way of life try to threaten our freedom as individuals
and our freedom as a nation so certainly very difficult plea with all of the violence among us
but again we must practice our individual freedoms remain resilient as a nation
yeah i like to join mr. Duncan in asking everyone in our community to to put the
thoughts of mr. johnston his family all of our victims in their minds
and that we do everything in our power to give them their privacy in their moment of loss
we will try to take a few questions but again i would hope that we do it in a orally and respectful
our fashion
we will be coming with
whoever it was that's a bit another message you have another message now
to this person
we're regards to communication
uh, sir anything that
relevant to the case that would be inappropriate to talk about and uh at this point i
do not have any requests
uh for you as the media to take four of any message
chief move
was there some confusion this morning about the location of the shooting that this complicate and
slow the police and medical response to the scene
i am not aware of anything that
prohibited the response of police and medical to the scene uh i was very proud of the
response everyone did the kind of things that we talked about that we breathed them on
with regards to our response
do you see any relevant information from witnesses this morning that you might be able to share
with us uh sir has been out practice to not disclose anything from uh any uh witnesses
we certainly continue to our work with uh those individuals and i was trying to be clear and
saying that we have no person look out to share and no vehicle look out to share uh from
regards to get it out in the community without more some of published reports or to nigh on
i just held a sad note can you confirm some published reports would say that you have a uh in
one of your notes uh that was picked up at Conrosses State House that this gentleman or whoever is
specifically targeting schoolchildren
or threatening to target schoolchildren. Remaining a lot of money to stop the feeling work for
threat threatening i realize you have a lot of experience but could you confirm it or in lightness
well sir i tried to be real clear that uh we feel like all of the people in the Washington
metropolitan region are advised to be on the heightened alert uh that these
and the question people have on this have shown ability and a willingness to kill people of all ages
all races all genders uh different times a day different days of the week
and uh different professions so i think that that has been real clear.
There were schoolchildren specifically mentioned in the letter that's what the question is
sir respectfully that's what we want to know.
To those you believe that you're dealing with a
traditional support like called serial killer or do you think this is some kind of
bruised or sport and we do this a different type of serial killer and we've seen it before.
Sir we're doing everything in out power to um protect people to get the evidence that we need to
okay great thanks chief moose like you said i asked you what's he gonna say and you said
literally like nothing and he did he didn't he don't answer any question he has nothing to say and
they know nothing and of course obviously they don't want to like totally terrify the parents
because there aren't going to be anybody going to school and going to be any kids going anywhere
if they release the uh you know he says it you know what i'm saying hello George 21 to 1 i'll
tell you where i went yesterday the pizza loft the brand new one at Navhill and uh sunrise
and plantation right behind wall greens see the great thing for my friend marcia over there is that
when she works the prescription thing in the window there oh and she told me some some great stories
about some of the people that come through that window but anyway when she's working a window she
can look right across and there's the loft and so she can wait till Jeff comes in and then she can
make a mad dash for lunch and say oh there's my good friend Jeff and i'll get a freebie today and
he should better be getting a freebie's mr. Cohen she's my pison baby that marcia she's great but
anyway we had such great food and the pizza loft the new one you'll be pleased to know is just
everybody's good as the original one over there the original brow location anyway on the original
brow location is the university drive between riffin and five ninety five rightbie i appear when
imports tons and tons of free parking it's kiddie quarter the new armadillo cafe it's sensational
and this one is uh like i said equally outstanding the food is fresh and delicious they give you i
don't want to say they give you a big portion the portions are like enough for a mac truck to carry
away i mean gigantic portions embarrassing so maybe the whole family can go in there and eat like
off a one plate all the pasta is fresh they never any rubbery pasta the garlic rolls are the
best in the world that's what marcia said too she said these are the best garlic rolls ever the
wheel is delicious the best in the city by the way George so check out the brand new pizza lock let
me give it the number for a tick on delivery at the new pizza loft location it's nine five four three
eight two nineteen ninety nine the other location i see i don't want to shortchange the other
location over there because they're not small potatoes nine five four nine one six eighty eight
eight is the baby location nine one six eighty eight eighty but the plantation new pizza loft it's
nine five four three eight two nineteen ninety nine and the cater for as low as five bucks a
per person for any special event you got coming up and tick on delivery available as well like i
said so check out the brand new world famous pizza loft right behind wall greens there knobhill and
sunrise and most prestigious plantations five and the local this is five cities the radio is all yours
you
there's a button i smell it coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity
music biography profile story we take a good hard stiff look into starting he was a man with a
piano some talent and the strange belief that he could communicate with a home appliance and that's
what gave the world Bruce horns be and the range the guy comes into my office with a very catchy
tune if he needs to believe his freaking stove is his backup band who am i to say no Bruce horns
be manager jet stools was the first to humor horns be when he brought his kitchen range and
to perform with him he says i call the act Bruce horns be and the range i laugh and i tell him
i'll put it on the back burner the son of a f*** starts crying he love that damn range did you know
the man was a genius act but he could be pretty embarrassing i mean like Bruce horns be then
girlfriend Judith so over you i mean he'd be like playing the piano and he'd throw it to the
fans you know he's like take it range and then there's this stove sitting there doing nothing
then one time i made a joke about me having a bun in the oven and he starts crying
he loved that range more than he loved me the freak but everything else about Bruce horns be was normal
he even won the Grammy in 1987 for best new artist a coveted award shared by the likes of
millie vanille debie boon and hoody and the blowfish so what caused horns be rapid decline
i told him i'd have dinner ready when he came home i i fired up the range there was a power surge
the range died yeah that's right i killed it it had to be done
overcome with grief Bruce horns be still refuses to be interviewed talk about the
pot calling the kettle black gotta crack myself up it's a big juicy topping with like a chill
business tonight i'm inside the mind sir again i was trying to say that this is the uh
the wrong form uh to have any further discussion with regards to your question left
i have no further discussion about okay he's been talking all of this time in case anybody out there
thinks you missed something no not a thing i would i would try to be delicate he's he's kind of
frighteningly inarticulant for a police chief of like any a place with more than 10 people you know
well his work isn't based on his ability to speak he doesn't convey the greatest amount of
confidence is what i'm i'd be trying to say you know what i'm saying what do you say it i'm saying
i don't know what i'm saying if there's a but i smell it that's what i'm trying to say 410 votes on a
poll what do you think the news Wednesday noon to one comedy which it looks like we're going to
have it again tomorrow looks like to me i love it 156 it's okay 141 that right there is 297 come
i hated 57 and so waste of time 56 so that's 101 13 what is it 296 to 113 i'd say that's just about
the same ratio of your numbers compared to most in this book and if we don't get those hour by
hour tomorrow i think we're gonna have Maddie Bell's head on a plate come on Maddie you've always
been so damn good it was you're a close personal bio pies on you little huh what he's never failed
us yet he's never let us down confidence is high when it comes to little Maddie Bell and like i
said if you don't have them now i've got a column here that was written a 10 days ago by Steve
Dunlavy in the New York Post and i've been holding off on reading it because of the fact that it's
just i don't know because it's another piece of wild speculation but the fact is now here it's 10
days later this was written October 12th and outsock October 22th and i think i'm gonna read it's
very short Steve Dunlavy wrote this 10 days ago in the New York Post it says these are terrorists
lary johnson former CIA agent former state department agent said loudly and clearly at the end of the
day we have to give some credence that there is a terrorist threat johnson was responding to the
fact that the Montgomery monsters latest hit was gris grimly performed by two human beings in that
now well known white panel van facts that might well suggest a terrorist attack i personally think
it is a g-hud rather than a crazy nuke johnson a veteran counter intelligence expert said
Jim cost well if that's the case how come they request for the money and so on you know what i'm saying
right and anyway Jim calstrom the former boss of the FBI near who invested in the downing of the
t-w-880 doesn't dismiss the theory either this is a different situation and if there are two people
involved in the shootings you said if there are two it is unusual two people do not have parallel
psychoses if there are two involved that have to lean toward conspiracy calstrom said it's strange
that two people could work together bonded by the idea of committing faceless assassinations i'm not
on the ground there so i don't want a second guess cops were doing a great job he said the two
assassins means to some degree a conspiracy and conspiracy leads to something else what's on
candy about the past and this is that a gunman and perhaps co-conspirator held the capital of
this country prisoner the past 20 days now we should say the Washington areas completely paralyzed
schools have canceled out their activities some have even papered over their windows and the
experts who fear that geniuses at work evil as it is also fear that this may well very be the
work of more than one low nutcase they're not left to ponder the viciously indelible images from
today's pitiful murder scene first of all there's the tragic picture of the gas nozzle and the
gas tank of the silver blue buick owned by the man who was mindlessly slaughtered second are the
seconds of guys wearing jackets that dramatically impossibly sadly said FBI anti-terrorist squad
and then there's this image of law enforcement FBI or local police i don't know
wearing a ski mask that's something i've only seen previously in Ireland on the british anti-terrorist
special forces making anonymous patrols this city this country has not come to grips with the fact
that one lone gunman two-long gunman or jihad can close down the capital of this country in a
terrible way we have to recognize as a colleague of mine said ten gunmen doing the same thing
could close down the country what we're seeing is ordinary people having the lives terminated
in grimly extraordinary ways if this murderers stop shooting i would gladly be his final victim
said steve don't leave you how do you like that uh
nice off but we really don't know you know and of course we don't know the contents of that letter
because they don't want to tell us and he's wrong about the uh serial killer buddies were
Henry Lee Lucas and Otis tool serial killer buddies that went around together killing people for
what yeah so maybe we do have two nut cases right together maybe there is to be like radio sales
guys have like an endless pool of talent there 10 to one at five sixty we got the mad dog from
sure to stay too he'll be along a one o'clock this afternoon what are we going to get those hour by
hour we can see just how you broke down against the mad dog there in the summer book huh how we
how you guys hooked up and teamed up together i should say Hank Goldberg at three from
shulas also with Patrick Sir Tan at five o'clock and we can do some more chris and aronday stuff
aronday and chris chris and aronday makes Jimmy and Danny seem like pikers baby in case you missed
the moseo this morning you missed three solid hours non stop besides a couple of cheap shots at
us before anyone was awake you missed non stop three hours of chris and aronday and aronday and
including seventeen times they replayed the interview with chris Carter and then we got to the
baseball game then after the crow crow to show is going to be on at seven o'clock tonight talking
soft balls followed by the game three of the world series angels and the giants and he came to the
baseball game in the highly rated joy mark overnight we hope they think they don't know he's just
playing playing a little bit too cool for my benefit you know Joe's always played a
i think he should walk around and say hey we're gonna kick some serious ass okay
we're gonna have a lot hell of a lot higher numbers than that goofball in the morning
of course that's not so much hey if you love your home but you need more space what do you do
do what hundreds of other people are doing cost-trickly additions whether you're having a baby
need another room and by the way let me just say this before if i do this spot
hey Randy Moore you know we played that promo at a gold-winning gold by Huzirius for the
Panthers last night Randy's shouting over jugs McDonald guess what you know he's trying to be
mad dog number two i want to tell you something Randy a little personal message i know
you manage you manage is a friend of mine you ain't no jam managed dummy up okay Randy don't be
uh talk it over that old man over jugs you silly person anyway if you need more space in your home
do what hundreds of other smart people are doing call strictly additions whether you're having a
baby need another room if you're converting a car porter patty with living space if you're going
to do business for yourself want to make a home office call these people that'll ever let you
down strictly additions there you're one stop shop more space for your place place with an
absolutely positively worried for your approach to expanding your living space those no shows you've
heard about by the contractors uh-uh incomplete work no chance no one expected bills no worries
about the job not getting done right and they take care of every single last detail they drop
your blueprint so you get to building permits handle all the inspections for you strictly
additions has got that easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction number one call
to schedule a free project of adoration and pull them at your home where a project estimator will
determine the scope of your addition number two schedule a bid appointment and their convenience
room where you'll get a detailed proposal and an exact price for the work third select your
finishing touches go to contract fourth review that is on the architectural drawings and last but
not least number five you sit back and relax as your dream addition moves ahead with on schedule
with unbeatable quality look out for the ad in the yellow pages if you like to serve all a
broward and south pumb beach county or you can give them a call right now at nine five four seven nine
one eighty one hundred and tell that old neo-toy to call strictly additions nine five four seven nine
one eighty one hundred their license they're insured into a stupendous job nine five four seven nine
one eighty one hundred five eight in the world we're sports radio five six eight
you eight eight you fudge back and listen former bath president of the United States al-Gourre
I have recently poked my head out of the shadows of oblivion to take pot shots at the president
I have reappeared much like pucks the tawny fill the groundhog creature that reappears each year
to determine whether or not we'll have an early spring I wish it to be known but it was I who
was responsible for saving the lives of those nine minors in Pennsylvania over the weekend
I had asked the media to keep my name out of it as not to appear of spotlight hog however
I feel the American people have a right to know the truth here's what happened
upon hearing of this unfortunate accident I will race to the scene I lowered myself into the
mind using an old Ron Popeo pocket fisherman and some bailing wire down down down into the depths
of darkness I think never thinking of my own safety but rather of the safety of those man on the
ground when I reached the miners they said to me hey you're the guy that invented the internet
right I said yes we all had a Mike's hard lemonade which I brought with me down into the hole
and then we sat around and reenacted the fart scene from blazing saddles I thought you should
know the truth and now much like the groundhog creature pucks the tawny fill I'll flink back into
the darkness of oblivion until I am needed again this is Al Gore flipper hero becoming more
provative I'm not going to respond and so our next briefing will be scheduled for noon tomorrow
okay noon it's like daily event now okay every day noon we can sit around we can get together
and here she moves he say basically another you realize he's still been talking all those time
I've been monitoring the situation here and you know what he said nothing nothing
he didn't say that thing wow well what can I say you're you're a lot of forceman people are
hard to work baby it's not an easy situation you got a one or two or however we don't know we got
some crazed gunman there not cases organized disorganized domestic foreign we don't know we don't
know anything how we going on that anthrax investigation got any information oh 424 votes it
looked like it's a go rhymes with no for the one to two hour tomorrow I mean the three to four hour
huh what do you think an eels Wednesday noon in one comedy bits our 424 votes 163 I love it yeah
it's okay 145 you put those together like 73 percent it's a waste of time 58 that's right we
could be reading a lot more bedtime stories and I hate it 58 so it looks like we get a big a big
vote of an enthusiastic confidence almost as big as the vote like Greg came in here and pated
George in the back and squeezed him and hugged him and just the kiss them on the lips out that was
emotional man it was traumatic now tomorrow we're making us a third date of our with these ratings you
know and a lot of people say well who cares about those ratings already you drive me to the right
way you know what the question obviously everybody's asking is hey mo how low can you go bye bye bye
