with the sewer of this place.
Welcome back to the dazzling be spectacle of the Mohameda David in his home,
where I work very very hard at the provide use with intellectual sport whole amusement.
Get up yet, chocolate, donut, tongue up.
This is the big thing when I drop the bomb.
Oh boy, here comes the bomb.
Now, it's my understanding that those muddlers homeless down the hall,
don't know who I am, see, they think they got me licked.
Well, they did get you right.
Check them out.
No!
You're gonna do now, don't you?
Get you right.
Here you go.
Listen.
Which boat?
Any of them.
Now, kiss it.
Okay.
All right.
Now, where was we?
It dropped into bomb.
Oh yeah.
Well, actually, I got two bombs, you see.
As I like the golden little boy and big boy,
just like the bombs that might out all them yipped in slopes.
Those bombs think they got one over on me?
Why I'll show them.
All right, here's the poised one.
As it turns out, George ain't the only lover named George at this queer hair over here.
No.
You see, he has an affinity to Guy's name George.
Oh.
Sure.
And when he hears this, I got this from a highly trusted source.
Give me some fanfare, he is stupided.
I will make day,
vaguet friend had intimate a family with George Maharis and George later.
Yeah.
Well, that's it.
That's the bomb.
Oh.
You're so goddamn stupid.
You know that?
Yeah.
All you ain't heard nothing yet.
Okay.
Now, here's the big boy.
It just so happens, how it's dying is a very close and face-in-o friend of mine.
Why, certainly, he's the greatest one.
Securing good minds for me, like that Heather brought on Fox News.
Wow, really?
Hey, let me tell you, she gave me full service.
I, my son, the balls, the winks.
So what about how it, Bo?
Ah.
How it died?
Don't you let them call me that.
Aha, we're happy.
Anyway, there's a favorite for me.
This this day is having his team of the correct fit writers.
Rip that crap out of that pipe smoker down there.
With that rowing comedic Stalin.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I guess one right here.
I just think that thing started rolling.
Is that the size of all?
Funny, huh?
That ought to fix their ass.
Yeah.
Was it you?
It's the other part of my ass.
That's right.
Okay.
So move the bad side out of it.
That's better.
Is your punishment done, bastard?
904 at 560 WNQM.
Happy Wednesday at some day.
It's the day we do our big noon to one are all comedy bits.
You know, the sad part of it is until we discovered the bomb.
I heard this whole pile of stuff I was going to do today.
Yeah.
And I don't I don't know if I'm going to get to any of it to be a
Oh, we have so much of the important crack going on, you know,
remember the creative voice sounds like bin Laden.
It's him.
Sounds just like him.
Bobby Gray and FBI lacks focus and terrified.
He keeps screaming.
It's his Bala.
Good article.
B of it.
Oh, we have so much of the important crack going on.
You know,
I'm a good.
Case voice sounds like bin Laden.
It's him.
Sounds just like him.
Bobby Gray and FBI lacks focus and terrified.
He keeps screaming.
It's has Bala.
you idiots. Good article by Jim DeFeedy. You know, I like him a lot in the
Harold Jim DeFeedy. Yes, he's good. Fire, date, pear, and he says, why not? Just
like Dayton Allen used to say, why not? Only Boca Brian remembers that. Drop in
things like that because nobody else understands it. Policy toward eight Cubans
could cause friction between Haitians and Cubans. No. You see appeals court
reverses order favoring two gay Boy Scout leaders. They're out again. There's
the one of the best columns that's right up my candlestick away. I like it. It's
a lot. Oh, you love that Augusta chairman's policy remains meant only. You know
Hoody man, hoodie in the blowfish 20 arrested organized crime bus. I got
like tons of crap here. Catholic activists compiled internet database listing
hundreds of accused priests. Tony's family problems from your show the
sopranos. Your buddy James Gandalfini. Yeah, he's got
problems. And just a pile of stuff here, but you know something first we got to
take care of business. First let's take care of before we talk about La
Bomba. You know, see I'd be depressed. I'd be really depressed. I'd probably go
into a corner and suck my thumb, which practice makes perfect. But I'd go into
a corner and just sit there like for the rest of my life. If every single thing
that I had up my sleeve just came blurting out. You know what I mean? Yeah. I
know because what that would mean is that I have no trusted confidence. I
couldn't tell anybody anything without having it leak out all over the place.
Like a like a leaky bag, you know, at the end of that bit, be depressing to me.
But at any rate, and let me just say that to you, Moe, even though you're listening
to Tony Bruno right now on a way back up to the book on Hershey Highway. Lots of
accidents around again. We're very sorry. Horrible thing there in
Hellendale yesterday, which we had a couple of spy reports as it was happening.
Five people died in that deal. Yes. And then there's a couple of other nasty
crashes today. Everybody's all backed up over to place. But at any rate, if you're
on your way back up to book on Hershey Highway mode, the fact that it
matters is you've got nobody in that building who doesn't have a big lip.
There is nothing that you can say. In fact, if I was used, I'd keep quite
accepting outside. And even there, I wouldn't be too sure. Don't think too
loud either. Don't think out loud because then it'll get right back into us again,
too. So the thing with Howard's there. In fact, I'm excited about that.
Because first of all, I know what the content is all completely going to be
about. Faggot number two, number two, at least it'll spice up the show a
little bit. Faggot. Exactly. Speak. Now, what's your name again, Agadorn?
Haggadorn is what he said, but I thought it was Agadorn. I think it's Agadorn.
No, he don't know. Houseboy. That's easy to remember. Okay, it's the houseboy.
984 votes on a poll yesterday. 994, like I said, I should wait a minute. We can get up to 1000.
You think? Okay. Yeah. So before so before we give you the results from
yesterday, because I'd like a nice read around even 1000. And the reason we didn't
go over 1000, which we've been doing a lot lately is because there was no
mo factor on there. See the mo we put mo on it. No, it's always good for a couple
unredextra votes at least. And he's also not on today's polls. Yeah, so let down.
But we do have the big bomb story, which a lot that caused a lot of curiosity and
interest around town. In fact, even some of our middle and upper level management people
be excited to know the story behind the story. And it makes me think that that promo that we
promised that we weren't going to be playing again. I wouldn't be surprised if we still have
that around somewhere in the background, like in the you know, in the vault of goodies.
Yeah. I don't see any reason why we shouldn't prepare to be playing that again
someday soon. Not today, of course, because we agreed for the time being not to be
playing that. Also, you know, in a future CD somewhere sometime.
I mean, it was a rather unsavory move on a part of the people on Fox Sports Radio,
but nevertheless. Here's today's poll before we give you the results. Oh, look at that.
I thought it just I thought it'd be fresh. Let me click my thing and see if it got to a
thousand yet. Did yours? One moment, please. One moment, please. No, no. Oh, yeah,
thousand and one on mine. So you're right. Full result. Yesterday, what's your take on M&M? He's a
no-tangling putz 312. I like to purple M&M's best 287. You know something I went out yesterday.
Guess what I bought purple M&Ms. You can't buy purple M&M. Well, M&Ms in general. M&M peanut,
but the small bag, you know, the little tiny small ones that there's only like a handful in there,
which is bad. How many of those did you buy? A small just one. Okay. So let me take one. Oh,
and you may have been right. That woman I called for the end of the show yesterday. She may have
been a ringer, but boy, she sure was an oh, she was a great ringer. That's like science fiction
arrogance. That's why I couldn't believe it. I liked it though. Yeah, yeah, it was great. A real
smithesturber. I like the purple M&M's best 287 in my bag of peanut M&M's. There was a purple one,
and I tasted it and tasted just like all the other ones. Pretty good. Like a food. He's okay. M&M 156.
He's a great talent 127. Who? 107. See no matter who he put on, there's always a bunch of say,
who that? Who that? The movie eight mile blows, but I like his music eight and his singing blows,
but the movie's good for. So we have a thousand one votes on that pool. Here's today's poll question
before we get into the details of the Bomba story. La Bomba that's coming soon on the Mohawar David show.
Coming soon away, Kallastami, Sack near you. Seeing which of these celebrities makes you want
to be a puke. In other words, like when you turn on your TV. Pretty good list, I would say. Yeah,
I did not put probable wall on there to make you happy. We can't put everybody on there. Not
everybody, but the four sets and shoulders above all other people. No, right? Whatever. We can't make it
personally based on your own personal style and okay, and widely. Based on the styleings of
a hooray here, we're going to read his the house boy Larry King is in on there. He's not.
Well, he just had him on the other day. You've got to mix it up a little bit. Okay,
quick pick it on. Oh, Larry, pretty soon he's going to start snapping his suspenders at you. Just like
most snaps his Veracos Vain's at you in the hallway. Just out of anger. You know, like that.
Seeing that. That's what Carlos said. He said yesterday when he went in there,
waved at Moe, he just snapped his Veracos Vain at him back in a gesture of defiance.
Seeing which of these celebrities makes you most want to puke. Oprah,
Rosie O'Donnell, Rose Ann Barr, and I realize she doesn't use the bar anymore. Like George is
giving me a book son of anz, but just for identification purposes only just so he didn't forget.
Rose Ann Barr, Eminem since he's hot topic in his movies doing so big Madonna. Oh, Jerry Lewis.
Jerry Lewis, my head's blowing up. It's a lady. My head's blowing up.
OJ Simpson, since he's such a big fan of the show, we had a spy report about him discussing the show at
length of the day. That was a great call. Thanks, Chris. And of course, since Chris is our detail guy,
I wonder if he was there supplying OJ with some pharmaceuticals and culture. Of course,
and culture. As a matter of fact, speaking of prescription, there's more people dying that's in
your local papers this morning down there. More people dying off from prescription drugs than from
street drugs. I always do it. I'm like that. And culture. Can I go through this list again? Oprah,
Rosie O'Donnell, Rose Ann Barr, Eminem, Madonna, Jerry Lewis, OJ Simpson, and colder Bob Novak,
Tucker Carlson or Papu Cannon. And even if you do vote for Papu Cannon, and I might
be late, although I'd know I don't get sick. But I just still like that show. As much as I find him
detestable in so many ways, I still like that show with him and Bill Preston. That's the only hope of MSNBC.
That's their great, great, great, the very white hope is Bill Preston, Papu Cannon.
Don't forget this is the big day. It's Wednesday. It's not only humped the
on issue, but join George Booker Brian McGell was led out of the house tonight, which is shocking.
Maybe she's out of town. And Carlos will be there. Do they hoping to get lucky?
From five to seven at Treasure Island this afternoon, there'll be specials on Cosmic Jelly Jell-O shots.
And the Tougural Act Duce's Wild, or could that be Duce's Wild? We'll be performing.
We'll find it. It's five to seven this afternoon at Treasure Island right off the pulmonary north 120 second street.
Who knows? God only knows what kind of hanky-panky, maybe even sexual activity might be going on there.
Some people hope. God forbid.
12 minutes after nine at five sixty. This is La Bombade.
QAM is always here at first on this show, even when it's other people's.
Bombas. Sorry about that, Moe, but they just can't keep a secret on your show.
Everything just slips right out.
Hey, Thanksgiving's coming not that far away. At least down there, you realize Thanksgiving
up here was back in October? It was? Oh, that's already. It's already over, right?
But it's coming there. And Thanksgiving too. Everyone's flocking home to be together again,
gathered around the table with delicious homemade food and family traditions after all.
It's not the turkey that makes the meal special. It's the people I like the stuffing.
Getting ready for the hungry guest can be stressful, especially if they're staying overnight.
If you're having a house full for Thanksgiving, let Dalmatris make your holiday preparations a little easier.
Now's the time to call one 800 mattress and get that new mattress in before your house guests arrive.
If they are ready to do their coming or if you don't hear from them till the night before,
Dalmatris can still deliver a top quality seely, service simons or king-croll mattress the very same day.
I've been sleeping on a Dalmatris for years and let me tell you that the best. Look at what great shape I'm in.
Call Dalmatris right now at 1-800-Matris and talk turkey with a vet and consult the
choose from the very best mattresses and even better prices. So rest easy this Thanksgiving knowing
that everybody is sleeping comfortably like a baby. Get ready for the holidays now by calling
1-800-Matris. That's 1-800-MATTRES for Dalmatris brand name beds, same-day service.
Call them now and be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight.
You ain't.
Hey, it's Howard. How it's been.
Good morning.
What's up?
Whatever you're looking for.
I have become the top-class green surgeon football player.
Actually, actually,
that's not true.
But I did stay at the Howard E.L. Express last night.
Have a double-edged needle.
I'm going to be living to the papers.
And all I see is sedans, sedans, sedans, sedans.
Harry Potter, Harry Potter, Harry Potter, Harry Potter, Harry Potter, Harry Potter.
Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie.
He's cool.
Sick boy.
What about today?
How about me?
Literally, the only thing that you should know.
And that down in your show.
Orally factor, orally factor.
No, no.
Nothing.
Only there are the ones he's got to be.
What about you?
What about me?
Hello, hello.
Hello.
What about you, Monica?
I was in America, even.
You probably saw me on TV.
I was on the baseball game in California.
I was on the last video with the Thunderstead.
And the rally monkey on my head.
What an idiot did that father do?
I didn't even just after the gate.
What other day did he do the panels?
What are the panels?
How about it?
D-lulos.
What a stink bomb.
What happened to D-lion and Tony's teeth?
He started to get a little more like Morley Safer.
Eat, eat.
Maybe he should get the bright smile.
What about it, huh?
What about Tony's a pie?
Tony's a friend.
Do me a favor.
Bullet deadlulos.
No more tank tops, huh?
If you're open to being in closing, let me say.
The new day, the new day with Charlie Show, Girls Club.
Eat, eat.
All of the girls are hot.
And I'd like to bed and behead them all.
Bullet, what is this show about?
Nears I can figure.
It's about 48 minutes too long.
He'll not know.
He'll not know.
It does sound like him, but I think he's a lot.
He's great.
919 at 560.
What are all these calls about?
I haven't even said hello yet.
Here's a call from Boca.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
OK.
I tried to call Moses this morning twice.
And they hung up on me.
And I just couldn't get through.
I was going to tell him how that year show,
he's only starting to get the transition.
But I guess he's just another arrogant, too, bastard.
Yeah.
I really don't know.
I thought he was trying to get it.
But I think he thinks.
And the guy taking the calls in there,
I think he's whipped by Mo Walthow.
He's scared.
Everybody's scared over there.
You think he's whipped by Mo?
You don't understand.
Those people who work with him on that show,
they behave the way they do as a means of self-preservation.
Because all I got to do is look at him cross-eyed
or ask one wrong question, and they're out of there.
And I'm not exaggerating by that.
That's the way that show operates.
It's not fair.
It's just not fair to anybody.
And you make the show.
I listen to all the shows because of you.
And this guy just doesn't get it.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Where did this all come from, by the way?
I guess we're going to have four hours.
Which is fine with me.
Fine with me.
I can just show up here.
I don't have to read anything.
I can just be like, dumber than usual.
Which is OK with me.
But the bomb that he was talking about last week
we find out because, again, loose-lipped synchips
is he evidently, and probably from his days with Westwood One,
which were the most of him hating like poison.
He knows some of the people with Howard Stern's show.
So some of the comedy people, either present or past,
evidently, are going to be doing some rebuttal bits
about me and about the houseboy and about this show.
And whoever else that he's pissed off at.
Which is fine.
Bring it on, baby.
And we can't wait.
Like that's a big bomb show.
Bring it on.
And of course, we know how tasteful those will be.
And who gives a crap?
Because there's no question in my mind
what the content is going to be.
No big shocks there, Mo.
OK?
Maybe we can hear about the fact that some of our people
hang out in strip clubs too.
Oh my god.
And smoke dope.
And smoke the wicked weed.
You know, so I'll bring it on.
But it's really something.
First, he's consorting with the Tony Bruno
on the network that's opposite us, the other sports station.
Which is really scandalous when you come right down to it.
Since you know how paranoid Greg is about the other sports
station, first it was the fan.
Anybody remember them?
No.
And that now, of course, it's schlocks
with their marginal ratings with their fractions.
But he's first he's consorting with them
and promoting their show and how wonderful it is.
And now he's consorting with Howard.
He's not only opposite us, but he's also opposite him.
It's the Howard and Howard show.
So that evidently.
And the thing I don't understand is why is it taken so long?
See, if you're going to drop a bomb,
it's like this thing with a rack.
Don't keep telling him you're going to drop the bomb.
Go in there and drop it when he least expects it.
That's the way you do it.
You don't say, hey, it's coming.
It's coming.
You guys better watch out.
It's coming.
All the parties all over.
Yadda, yadda, yadda.
This is a man who's so totally lacking in any kind of humility
or sense of humor.
That it's tragic.
It's pathetic.
It's embarrassing to me.
And the fact that nobody in that building
and believe me, I know for a fact that there have been
a tense maid has been able to sit this guy down
and say, hey, this is a radio show.
These are all radio shows.
We're here to have some fun to make some money.
Don't be so uptight about it.
So who gives a crap if you got a silly look and wig?
People aren't going to listen to your show
based on whether you've got a nice hair piece or not.
In fact, they're like this last guy said,
more people are going to listen to the show
because the highest rated guy in the market
is talking about you all the time.
But you can't do that anymore than you can call him,
mo because the guy's got an ego bigger than the entire universe.
So pretty soon it'll be the Howard David show
with the Howard Stern comedy bits,
which of course is a lot easier playing it
in somebody else's voice,
doing these things, as opposed to saying it himself.
That way he's above the free.
You don't understand that, don't you?
Oh, I see.
It would be kind of like if we just associated ourselves
from all of the vocal Brian bits.
Well, you know, we don't know what that was all about, you know.
And it's sort of performing commonly.
Right.
Instead of orchestrating them and enthusiastically playing them
over and over again at any rate,
it's going to be great.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hollywood.
It's nobody I can.
It's the quiet guy again, I guess.
I see.
How about Miami?
Hello.
John Bob?
Uh-huh.
I knew there had to be a reason for all these calls.
Here's Orlando.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I hope this is interesting to you.
I know you're actually in it.
Yes, sir.
Who's that guy on Fox that used to work in the Miami market?
Does Steven
Scott or somebody?
I haven't got any idea.
You always talk about him.
Steve on Scott?
What's his name?
I have no idea.
Stuart.
Dan Stewart?
Oh, we're fine.
No, Stuart Smith or Stuart,
somebody on Fox?
Never heard of him.
I've heard you mentioning before, but anyway.
Shepherd Smith.
Yeah.
On Fox News.
He's on Fox, right?
Yeah.
Did you hear the whip up he made on the
Jennifer Lopez?
No, I did not.
Somebody had a sound bite of him doing it on the air.
And he was talking about throwing a block party in
the Bronx for a homecoming for Jennifer Lopez.
Yeah.
And he goes,
yeah, they're interested in, uh,
they're interested in throwing a blowjob for Jennifer Lopez.
I guess that would be pretty.
I'll read this up there in Orlando, wouldn't it?
On Orange Blossom Trail.
5670560.
What are we doing here?
All of a sudden?
I see all these calls coming in here this morning.
I guess it's because we're taking calls again.
You know what?
I guess.
Don't you think?
Because when I wanted him yesterday,
it wasn't like there were a whole lot of him.
You know, and today all of a sudden,
here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes.
Speaking.
How are you?
Great.
My friend, uh, Jay over here,
which is basically Dr.
the yacht we're in here at Miami Bay.
And it's sort of the water starting to get choppy.
So we basically came up with something.
We figured that since Linins and things,
uh, his name is Jay Simpson, by the way,
since Linins and things we're having a
still we're thinking about getting you
a couple of white sheets for, uh, for the holidays.
Yeah.
If there's a week we could do four.
Okay.
So, uh, wait, no, make sure that make sure
they're pink, pink lace.
Got it.
Get it.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
The, uh, for today, I'd like to know I
have left three people off.
Yes.
William Jefferson and Hilly Hillary Rodham Clinton
and Edward Moore Kennedy.
Yeah.
I really think that they, uh, well, I'll turn it over.
Why don't we just, why don't we just eliminate all the names we got on
near since these are celebrities who are on all the time and, uh,
just put all the Democratic politicians on there.
Would that make you happy?
That would make me very, very happy.
You sure?
Okay.
Well, we'll do that for you.
Fine.
In fact, why don't we just put on there?
We're not going to do it here.
But why wouldn't we just put on it?
Any Democrat?
I think that would work with him.
There you go.
Okay.
Yeah.
See, I think he got a little bit upset when we get the end there.
Had Bob Novak, Tucker Carlson, and Pat Buchanan, all like back to back.
Well, we probably could have put James Carville on there.
That wouldn't have been too bad with a balled, the shiny head.
Just a glare from the, uh, from the ball spot.
It gets me.
But that's the list.
Okay.
Like it or lump it.
Man, these people are worked up to a frenzy.
That's good.
That's the way we like it.
Get these bastards a little bit on the, uh,
wake side, which is an easy-nosed market.
I am going to use that, uh, J.
Lo, Storid, the worth to plan a J.
Lo who cares.
How to great story.
Uh-huh.
Oh, I just read it a couple of times when I saw that.
Let's basically have been here about fast train for a long time
and wondered if it makes sense for you.
Well, the facts are very simple.
If you have the dedication fast train can provide you with a necessary train to become
a certified computer professional.
According to Tom Magazine, the demand for computer professionals
is going to continue to explode.
The average student completes the training and just for sure,
at months attending school three nights a week.
Once you get your certification, fast train can help you in getting a great
high paying.
That's the part you underline.
High paying new computer job.
Fast train invites you to come in and visit our train career counselor and determine
which track is ideal for you?
Is it Lebanon?
Is it Jackson, Hardest Raceway?
Is it Cioto Downs maybe, or maybe Northfield or Northville?
Call fast train tool three at one eight six six fast train
to set up your appointment before convenient locations.
You'll find them in Kindle in Miami and Pember Pides in Fort Lauderdale.
So there's bound to be one nearby you.
Don't forget to ask the career counselor for list of students like
yourself who are currently in their dream jobs.
Thanks to the nifty training they got at fast train.
If you want to answer all your questions, there's no obligation just give them a call
at one eight six six fast train.
That's one eight six six fast train.
Be sure and tell them the top direct tool to to call
or check them out in the world wide wicked web if you like at fast train.com.
We're sports radio fights.
It's you a.
Yeah.
Hey, you.
Hey, how you doing?
Great show.
Great show.
Yeah, that's good.
Hey, man.
Oh, yeah, if I want you to rip that old fig and that's in order.
You're sure.
I get question me.
I'm a big star.
See, you better do as I say if you want to hit your start of mine.
Because I'm going to be big and dumb.
Okay, okay.
What are we going to do here?
It's got to be sport related to get my up.
You keep always going here.
They got a coach interview.
That's it.
I'll just queue up some gruel be music here.
Oh, you're not.
Somebody genius.
Come and hatch you baby.
Hey, coach.
Yeah, I am the voice of the coach.
Say what's your take on Neil Rogers.
Oh, that guy.
He's not nice.
Playing all those parts.
And the nose.
All the time.
Yeah, he sure does.
Yes, he is not nice.
And he is gay.
Two.
Yes, you are right.
He is gay.
Ha, ha, ha.
Imagine that.
Okay, guy.
In an all sports station.
Ha, ha, ha.
Okay, now we're going to do a little parody here.
I'll show that bokeh Brian boy.
This is always a good one.
There's a good parody staple.
We're going to get to the funny part.
Oh, yeah.
Now that I really starts to rock.
Wait, here, this.
I started singing.
I didn't hit the post.
Bye, bye, do salami and rai.
I got spaghetti on my Chevy.
I need more words than rai.
And that Neil Rogers plays hard sound all the time.
That makes Neil not a nice guy.
And this will be the day that I die.
Oh, wait a minute.
Damn it.
Stupid thing won't turn off.
God, damn it.
Don't you think it would have been a lot easier
just to bring back Ron Hershey?
I think he would have fit in good on it.
I'm sure he's not busy right now.
For some of those great wonderful attender moments from.
And you know something the interesting part about it is bizarrely as bad as the show
was during those hectic days back in the beginning of the year.
Those were the highest numbers at the morning show.
I think ever had in a modern history.
Now that you mentioned it.
Yeah, had a giant number.
Maybe because it was so bad it was camp, but it was so bad it was good.
Now right now it's well 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Don't let me forget about that JLo story.
Oh, I will.
That JLo story.
I can't help himself.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Quick question.
Want to find out.
Are you still doing balance for life?
How many pounds have you lost?
No, I'm not.
My girlfriend and I started doing it two weeks ago after listening to you guys for a while talk about it.
So I was just wondering if you were still on it.
I never really was on it.
And all of the sudden I was getting the sack, but I was also eating a lot of crap.
The beast lost about 60 pounds on it.
Okay, is he still doing it or no?
No, because they stopped bringing in the food.
No bastards.
They just kind of like cut him a drift, which I thought was an active insanity on their part but never less.
Wow.
Well, anyway, last question.
I haven't heard any commentary on passions in a while.
Well, what is there to say about it?
I mean, it's still stuck in the same place.
Antonio's got the bad headaches.
And for the 4,000 time we're going to tell him that Luis and Sheridan are a number.
And Yadi, Yadi, it just doesn't go anywhere.
I'll tell you the show that's really smoking right now is guiding light.
Really?
Now that I'm back up here and I can see it between three and four is when the Buffalo Affiliate shows it every afternoon.
And Carmen shoots Danny and Danny's shot in the neck.
And you don't want that, you'll do?
Yeah, and now, but I'm going to start watching.
I'll just sit on and watch a little bit of the time.
Now, I'm going to kind of...
I'm going dead enough.
So I don't need to watch anymore so probably because I'm brain dead already.
But I'll try... I'll tell Nancy.
And I'm going to go.
Okay, thanks.
Cining lights are very intense right now.
Even watch passions again in about six months, they won't be going anywhere.
First of all, they changed all the characters.
We got a new Gwen.
We got a new Chad.
We got an ugly new Ethan.
We got Timmy died.
And just think the same in Julian went off in a hiding again.
And we're all supposed to forget the storyline about how Julian died in the tune of that and went to hell.
And about Theresa went down to hell with him and made the deal.
Yadi, we were supposed to forget about that.
They didn't like the storyline.
So they just assumed the audience forgets it.
Forget about it.
Is what it is.
You following any of this?
No.
Good.
56670560, £560.
I can see it's going to be a call intensive Wednesday, which is good because between noon and one,
it's the Wednesday comedy bits are noon or one on hump day.
How many votes we got?
The poll is up.
Seeing which of these celebrities makes you most want to puke.
And we apologize to that crusty right wing and they called it a while ago that old fart.
We apologize to you that we didn't put a whole bunch of Democrats on there to make you happy.
Seeing which of these celebrities make you most want to puke.
OJ Simpson, 21.
George voted for you, OJ.
Yes, I did.
I didn't.
Just wanted to know that the houseboy voted for OJ.
I thought about it.
Rosio Donnell, 16.
I thought about her.
I didn't vote for her either.
I thought that.
Pat, you can in the eye.
Rosanne Bar, 7.
Madonna, 6.
Oprah, 6.
And colder got 5.
Guess who I voted for.
Eminem.
Tucker Carlson.
Oh, well.
Has 3.
One of those votes is mine.
I say proudly.
He makes me nauseous.
I'm not sure if it's just him or the bow tie or his disgusting attitude.
He's an idiot.
Jerry Lewis, 3.
Bob Novak, 1.
Eminem, don't have any.
See, how do you like that?
Eminem has got the big, because he's big right now.
They don't want to be picking on him.
Now, why don't we get this guy in Hollywood back on and make sure that he's really there?
Hello.
Is this the pick and fags morning show?
Yes.
Morning, guys.
Morning.
How are you?
Okay.
I got a split vote on your poll.
I think Eminem is very talented, but he still makes me want to puke.
Yeah.
I don't know.
There must be a lot of people that feel that way about him.
Yeah.
I had one that I didn't get the entire list of people on your poll.
Do you have Bill O'Reilly on there?
No.
He's definitely puke-inducing.
Well, I mean, we can have like 100 people on there.
There's no question about that.
We can't put them all on there.
That's true.
You sure you're out to just kill him?
Who is Hagador?
He was the houseboy in the movie Bird Cage, which was the remake of Le Conrad.
Yeah, Hagador.
Yeah, Hagador.
Yeah, Hagador.
He says Hagador.
He says Hagador because I guess maybe he thinks he rhymes with Hagador.
He just can't get his straight.
Hagador's part.
Okay.
All right.
Thanks, Neil.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Do you call back for that?
Wow.
Well, at least he let us know that he was pooped.
He's really there before, which I'm not sure if there's a great idea.
So you're like, and of course, remember, in the original Akasha Fall, what was the houseboy's name?
The dark, complexed houseboy.
What was his name?
Draskin' Me.
You never saw that movie?
A sort of 100 year old.
Oh, what the hell was his name?
Jacob.
You're right.
Don't remember that?
I thought like when it was a teenager.
The greatest, the greatest moment in that movie is when the real screamer is sitting at the table with the wig on.
Nothing like having a bad wig that keeps slipping off to the side.
At any rate, he's sitting there pretending to be a mama.
And the wig slips off to the side.
At any rate, the Jacob comes in and sees him for the first time, I guess it's before that moment when we're slipping.
But he sees him for the first time and drops the crap, whatever he's carrying on the tray on the floor,
and starts in that hysterical high pitch laughter.
Plus the fact he's walking in those in-nem shoes, you know, in those shoes that are too tight?
Yes, talking about Uncle Remus, man, that's quite a scene.
Well, we don't want to get much of your name, Heather, upset again.
See, there he goes again, he can't stop with those comments, you know.
Here's, I can see that this thing, but the phones is very bizarre today, you know what?
Like all those people around here, most of which we had nothing to say, but get out of the way.
Here's Miami, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Good morning, it's like a door.
Hey, sir.
Hey, this morning on Mocha, you should have, I don't know if you were listening, but some,
one of the collars called up and said, hey, Goldie, good morning.
And left Mo, just hanging there in Mo, of course, deeps right in and goes, well, I guess he doesn't want to know about me.
Yeah.
Oh, man, you guys are so profound, it just enough to make me take a big crap in his chair, you know what?
These are some of the most profound calls.
I wondered why we had such a plethora of call in the beginning of the show.
Usually, even when I asked for them, it's like, you know, a couple of here and a couple of there maybe.
Like, pulling teeth, unless, of course, it's about bilingualism.
Let's go back to that again.
No, just a joke.
Maybe we can get that broad to call back the one who called at the end of the show yesterday about how everybody in South Florida should learn to speak Spanish or get that lot of here.
She was a real ojontrist provocateurist.
She was great.
She get everybody a 90 share of her.
Maybe we can have her as a regular feature on the show.
And then we can also have like stuttering.
We have our own stuttering guy.
We can't get stuttering John.
He's already doing Mocha Howard show.
Who can we have stuttering?
Stuttering Carlos.
He could work on it.
Uh huh.
Or we can get the guy that used to call Joey all the time.
But what was that guy's name?
I don't know.
You know the one I'm talking about.
They used to put on the phone each stutter.
I know what Billy did.
Did it do it from Kuku?
Yes, it was kind of like that.
It was very similar.
I think he was kin.
I'm sure that the guy with the eyes could tell you.
I think he was kin to the guy with the eyes.
940, 20 tilt.
10 at 560.
I tell you, it's going to get great folks.
It's going to get sensational.
It's going to be like World War 7.
Forget about Baghdad.
Forget about the Iraqis and all this other crap.
Forget about BDI Bob Graham.
It's going to be sensational.
Can't you smell it?
Oh, that's his most bag.
Howard Spurm is recording attacked comedy bits for Mo against me and the houseboy and probably cloudy channel and this one and that one.
Everybody in the world.
Because it's the world against Mo is basically what the real world is all about.
You don't understand that, though.
Of course I do.
Mo against the world.
Other than Gelti, who of course is for self-preservation purposes,
is there one ally in the building of this man?
No.
I don't understand that.
I mean, I've worked with some real losers in my time, but generally speaking, they had even, even Joey had his own like a sucker fan.
Even Joey.
Yeah, even Joey.
He had no money.
Or besides Bill Marshall, but that was, he brought him along.
He was part of the package.
We all have different lifestyles.
Make no mistake about that.
And we all need different products to make us feel better.
Feel good.
All of you made Mediterranean for him.
And as our advanced combinations of pharmaceutical, great olive oil combined with vitamins, minerals, herbals, other nutrients.
Scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs.
Look for oleomed's great three new formulas.
One to help you sleep.
One to help control your weight.
And coq 10.
I'll be using the benefits of pharmaceutical, great olive oil.
The best of money can buy.
Oleomed is an outstanding product that's available at public secrets and Walgreens.
If you want to get more info, just call it tool free number 1866 oleomed.
That's 1866-653633.
You can also order their products online if you prefer at oleomedamerica.com.
And if you're visiting your publics and buy an oleomed product and date a brower, you can get you a coupon for a free Larry Coker Bobblehead doll.
All right.
While supplies last.
Don't forget to visit their sampling per million at sports time every Sunday with it off in their plane home games.
And pick up some free oleomed samples and product information at the same time.
Oleomed start popping some in your push today.
And you're running and low.
This is sports when you're high.
You way, yeah.
Were you fudge back in?
Well, I've found you, you're my friend.
What's your name?
Well, when I was back in college, men will have found myself a boy.
And it was the first time that I ever paid to score.
Well, she took one look, and went with under-match awards.
And she left at the thing in her face
And she said that's lame
And that ran him shame
There goes my last big day
Didn't grow even with pork play
Wordsworth?
Thinking maybe I should go gay
Hey, hey, hey
I'm like a five-year old boy
The innum chiella's living another man's toy
There goes my last big day
Look at this face you just sent to me here
It says, Regin Kramer's new book
You got screwed about the stock market
Yeah, he's a good one to be talking
He was one of the scroers
And he put him back on the again on the gambling channel
And it says it's all a jive-ass people who footed all the stocks on the gambling channel
And that's why I'm living in a serious refrigerator box instead of a house
It says Rick, sorry about that Rick
I want to do you see the real good guy
He'll get you straight now
His name is Mitch Hirsch
He'll straighten you out
Anyway, 947 at 560 WQ I am
I thought that when I saw that tremendous outboard
Didn't you think that there was something that's something that's been going on right?
And it wasn't
There wasn't
I mean just a plethora of call
I mean just a phenomenal
And it was just the usual same crap
WQ I am
Here's Delray Beach, hello
Hey, good morning guys
How are you?
Yes, sir, okay
I can't believe with the crap that you put up with
Why is that?
Let me just say this to you, sir
As long as those checks keep clear and I don't care
You don't care, I don't blame you
Real quick, I heard you
Because I unfortunately moved here from New Jersey a few years back
And I just to listen to this Howard David character on WIP
Yeah
People in New Jersey, New York, Philadelphia
Wherever they could pick them up
They hated them there
Every day I would listen to this show
People would call on like they knew until now
And literally rip this guy to shreds
And he was an idiot
Even when people were nice and they called him up
Seriously, nice fans of his
Yeah
He would like tear him to shreds
And I'm going, it's no one to hate this guy
He's a moron
You know, I like saying
You can't change the leopard spots
He was an idiot in New Jersey on
PA, wherever he was of Philly
He's an idiot down here
He's always going to be one
And I got to tell you if it was for you that station would be down the toilet
That guy is a moron
Even when I call them up, the guy has nothing nice to say about anybody
And you know what, it's like the fans of Philadelphia and this
There's another show Tony Bruno, this guy makes fun of you all the time
And I call them up and I'm thinking
You got to get Pat O'Brien from Axis Hollywood
To go on their boost your ratings in the morning
And you make it fun and you're Rogers' guys
And times fun in a new ever-bait
You know, and they were two
They were two nails
So I mean you're going to put up with a lot of crap
I mean, I can cure less
I can cure less than a big fat
I'm making more than both those guys putting together as a matter of fact
And our ratings are like ten times both of them put together
So who gives a crap?
Yeah, he goes out and saying that he's got the best ratings in the country for a sport
So I'm going, please
You know, they need Pat O'Brien from Axis Hollywood
The boost your guys rate can be a bright
I'll tell you one thing
And in this market they have fractions on that show
Fractions, they can't even crack a one-shear
That's amazing
That's absolutely amazing
And that lady I just heard you say before was a while
It was all they
It was lady coldly up there so they say
You load spanish or get the hell out of Florida
Yeah
If that lady's listening, I got a message for her
Hey lady, I learned Spanish and I speak it
But this is America
Speaking literature, you get the hell out
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, that's not Spanish people down here
This is America speaking literature
To all those people who don't use signals when they drive
And cut people off and go to red lights
And get rid of that
And keep your nose to the grindstone
And keep people driving like more on the side of your...
Okay, good luck to you, pal
Okay, baby
He's starting to learn to hate sound Florida
Like most people do
It takes you only about like, what about a half hour?
About the time it takes you to drive from the airport
Got one call left and I guess I can go to my pile of goodies here
I thought that maybe just possibly we're going to like avert all of that good stuff
But it was a false alarm
That's so often happens
All of that guy was pretty interesting
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60
That woman hasn't called back by the way
The Ojantras provocateur is from yesterday
Damn it
Not how everybody oughta learn to speak Spanish
Or get the hell out of move to Jacksonville
Whatever she said or moved to North Carolina with George
No, the houseboy
They speak a lot of Spanish there too
Jacob, Jacob, I'm going to start calling George Jacob
Because at least it begins with a J
Like George, Jorge, you go
I don't have to change my monograms
Jacob, here's Jupiter, hello
Which also begins with a J
Hey, happy rainy day
It's raining there
It's raining up here in West Palm
This is where the Spanish line is
It's right about a lake worth right now
Uh-huh
Hey, have you seen the ugly factor on TV these days is incredible
Yeah
You know all these shows like Alien that's chicked, this skinny chick
What's up with that?
I mean, you know, can we get a good Haitian sitcom started or something?
You know, called Bamba Clock, you know?
Yeah, I like that
We have a lot of fires in the backyard, there's some voodoo
Well, we got a whole bunch of new people connect on that show
So it should be no problem
We have a shortage of caskmen
Yeah, we have a bean, you know, a biscuit beige
Up in the water
I like it
You could do it
Forget about that CSI Miami craft
This is real life you're talking about
Exactly, Haitian Haitians are us, man
And by the way, the good news for you is they're all on a gigantic bus
Coming up to Jupiter
Yeah, that's where we're all at
We're all the Americans are still at, you know?
We're going to drive around and you're not many tan faces up here, you know
I'll see you on Uranus
5670560, pound 560 on the Haitian T line
A lot of votes pouring in on that pole, 124 votes already
Shocking
Seeing which of these celebrities makes you most want a puke your guts out
Just get to the bowl and heave
OJ35, Rosie 31
I think that's where the battle is going to be
Those two neck and neck nose to nose
Oprah 11, Rosanne Barra 11 and Papi Canada 11
That seems to be the popular number
And quarter 10, she's right on the razz
Tucker Carlson and Madonna have seven of these
Jerry Lewis has three M&M three and Bob Dove, I call only one
See the reason Jerry Lewis don't have that many
Because it's just not that many cruel people out there
They see him with his head blown up like a boofo toe
And they're thinking, she we don't want to be picking on Jerry
Lady, we don't want to be doing that
Because it's cruel and unusual punishment
Even though he does make most of us nauseous
How much do you think he made off all those telephones?
Millions?
Here's for a lottery, hello
Neil
Yes sir
Okay listen, I have a great award that Jackson State Council for a lottery
Okay, yeah
And I kind of reluctant to call in but just listening to this guy
He's so arrogant and so pompous and talking about love, of course
This guy goes in there and grants stands like he's a president in the United States
I mean he wants people fucking up to him
You know that's what this whole thing was with this restaurant a few months ago
I don't know if you remember the incident with Hank
New York, yeah the New York Prime thing really pissed Hank off
Because it's one of Hank's sponsors and Hank tells me it's a great place
And everybody else is also told me it's a great place up there in Boka
And I guess he went in there and he didn't get the world treatment he had to pay for
They didn't kiss his ass and as a result he ripped him the next day
Exactly, he goes in the jacks and the first thing he does is ask for the manager
You know I mean it's like he wants like the grand service he thinks
He throws around the boys with the Miami Dolphin
I mean the guy is idiot
I mean he's really an idiot
I really, you know, Moe just go
Moe go home back to the New York get out of here already
Go Moe go
Go Moe go
Okay thanks pal thanks for the spy report
And that's you know something that's exactly the way he operates in a building
Which is why everybody hates him like poison
Virtually everybody I can't speak for the entire building but I think it's almost unanimous
You see Moe if you'd be if you'd and at this late stage of his life
When you get to be in your 70s I don't think there's any chance you acquire humility
When you got that pick of an ego and attitude about yourself
But he really expects everybody like to genie reflect like the moment he walked in the door
Jesus himself was walking in Jesus Moses and Abraham
And Muhammad
And because of the fact that he hasn't got their kind of reception
I mean you just don't mess with him you don't make a joke about the hair piece
About the bag about the plant fans about the Veracos veins
And I've never encountered anybody like that ever in my life
In my life
And believe me I worked in this business for a hundred years
But a lot of very nice people a lot of stupid people a lot of smart people a lot of nice people a lot of assholes
Everything in between
And when you were talking the other day about Alex Venator some car brought that up
He wasn't in the same category
He was just kind of a wimpy guy
Up until this though that was the biggest
No he was in the same category
And by the way the car he had was a meyada
And it was so much the car that was the way he used to say it
Meyada and T.E.L.O.V.
Everything he said was kind of like wimpy
Alex Venator he was just a wimpy kind of wishy-washy guy who had no show
And didn't say anything and had a live studio audience as stiff as they were to sit in those chairs like a bunch of mannequins
Waiting to eat the free food
And I apologize for trying to do that remember I tried doing that?
Yes
Oh what did I do that for?
I don't know
What a bad bad mistake that was what the hell did I ever do that for?
I don't know because I'm a schmuck
Because I'm a schmuck
See one thing about me is I'm a schmuck and I'm a puss
I'm also a clutz which is why like I fell down and amsted am two years ago
And I'm a clutz
Now seriously I walk into stuff and I'm a faddle of clutz
Okay?
I don't have any big ego
I'm ugly as crap
I got a big bald spot
I'm not ever going to be like beautiful but I'm doing okay
You know what?
You are a snappy dresser
I am a snappy dresser I forgot about that
As compared to you as compared to the house
Right
Well I don't have any mirrors in my house
I see
Me either
Because I kind of if we did we probably would look in them before we left the building and you know
Came to work every day
Don't forget you can see what the houseboy looks like
And our other cast of very grotesqueer is a fat boy not going to be there
Is me going to be there
Oh I don't know it depends on who you can waddle
If it's a wheel day or a walker day it depends
I see
Well maybe he'll be stomping around there
Join George, Volka, Brian, Miguel and Carlos
Five to seven seven to seven to treasurer island
One of those sex-hanky, panky places
Uh oh
There will be specials on cosmic jelly, jello shots and two girls act
What is- oh the two girl act?
Duce's wild
Will be performing
That's today five to seven to treasurer island
Right off the palm of the north to one twenty second street
And you can say to George, you're not really all that ugly
You just kind of like nondescript looking
And you'll say, yeah that's me
Nondescript
You know Jacob I'll tell you that
Nine fifty six and five sixty wq and there's never been a better time to buy you a new home or refinance that existing home
That's absolutely correct how about a rate of three point nine five percent
You heard me right
Financial group can offer you an unprecedented three point nine five percent
All you got to do is call them and I'll explain you how it works
Call financial group at the toll free call one eight hundred nine four oh
L.E.N.D. That's one eight hundred nine four oh fifty three sixty three the money you're gonna save is
It is think about it
You can get yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan for only four hundred and fifty bucks a month eight two hundred
Thousand dollar loan for only one hundred and fifty bucks a month the process is simple
You're gonna save yourself a crap load of cash here per year
So call our good pizons our personal friends our buds at financial group one eight hundred nine four oh Lynn
Speaking of buds how about those leaves one of game last time
Of course they blew a three nothing lead in the third period had a win over time pretty desperate
There's never been a better time to get to a low interest rate call financial group when you be on your way to big savings
Financial group was an equal housing lender credit restrictions do apply and race a something to change so call right now one eight hundred nine four oh
L.E.N.D. That's one eight hundred nine four oh fifty three sixty three
Five and local
We're sports radio five sixty two and you a yeah
You got out WQ
A.M. Where the packet is
Now a way to do it from our good friends at Oinkakarta travel
Aspen Colorado that's the place to go if you like skiing imagine for a moment you're on the slope
You put your knees together bend slightly forwards and then you grab your pole while you put the other hand on the edge of the table
This was unacceptable who wrote this I think it was I'm not Mr. Cipcode I know who's responsible for this sabotage
This is the heavy work that I think it too poof in that train gubble of a monkey in his well the jokes on them
Well have you know I got the next
Forna to your jokes and answer me you'll see you now
Thanks
Godfather what do you know what do you say?
More my most recalcitrant friends what can I do for you on the day of my father's abortion?
I am here to the man that you create me a favor I want to sink in a head of Neil Rogers
What have I done to be treated with such disrespect?
Oh Godfather the end of my rope every day they got me raped using my name in vain and just making fun of my veins
I should never admit to you I'm weak and I'm old
You can act like a man
You know who I am
You're a man who deserves respect for here's a ticket to Vegas
Who needs my friend I already live in paradise
Mask you don't talk to a man like Moa I would like that
I want you to take care of our friend Mr. Mo over here
Sure Pop okay take your pants off fella let me show you a good time
Could you hands off me a big dummy?
I ain't dumb
The dumb you stupid it is
Yeah but not like they say give me a hand here where you look at
I'm on a big break
Shut the cow in the smell to keep him quiet, okay?
You know?
Yeah
Shut up and take the jenko plunge
Near to the baby bush
Near to the baby bush
Near to the baby bush
Near to the baby bush
Near to the baby bush
Near to the baby bush
Near to the baby bush
Near to the baby bush
Hey I ain't here
10.02.560 WQ I'm happy Wednesday 2
Don't forget our noon to 1 hour all comedy bits today and every Wednesday
All stuff I wonder what it's gonna be today you think there'd be like a theme to it?
Oh I don't know I'm thinking about it
Earth to planet J.Lo who cares rights Renee Graham and the Boston phobia today don't forget that JLo story
Oh
Tonight Jennifer Lopez will confirm what folks who care about such things have long guessed
She's engaged to Ben Affleck
Oh I guess what I'm gonna play next on next break
And engagement is certainly a joyous occasion still I think of it as a private event
Best shared with close friends family members and the dozen or so co-workers with an earshot will be bored silly by every
Niggling detail about subsequent wedding planning that's niggling most people even if they could might not feel the need to
Well, now such things to busy die in Sawyer on ABC's prime time live but then again they aren't intoxicated with these self-importance of being Jennifer Lopez
See Lopez thinks this is news we can use there's the threat of war with Iraq and the national economy is unstable as Anna Nicole Smith
But hey Jen and Ben are gonna have to go at it. No, we all feel better
Inhaling the rare error planted JLo Lopez clearly believes that if it's important to her it must be important to us
Pardon me if I pass on this cup of celebrity cool aid
Hollywood of course is swollen with people utterly convinced that everything they wear everything they do and frankly everyone they do
Means something to the rest of us but Lopez has taken her mighty knee isn't to such extends that she makes her exploit for the musical scavenger formerly known as Puff Daddy
Seems shy and retreating
Let's think about this for a minute Lopez is going on TV to announce among other things that she's engaged again and will soon be married again
For those keeping score this will be Lopez's third marriage. It's the first for Affleck
First there was a year-long union with model Ojani Noah in 1997
Then she hooked up with backup dancer Chris Judd in 2000 shortly after the high profile bust up of her high profile publicity stunt relationship with Sean Puff Daddy P Diddy Combs
Her marriage to Judd was barely longer than the honeymoon and now she's sporting a golf ball size pink diamond engagement ring even before her second of orcel become final in January
In the future will all be married to JLo for 15 minutes
Lopez 32 is lagging behind Liz Taylor who already is on husband number five, Richard Burton by her 32nd birthday
Yet even if Lopez eventually collects as many husbands what she want to his build a career as worthy as Taylor's
Say what you will about Taylor but she has two Oscars and such films as Father of the Bride who's afraid of Virginia Wolf a place in the sun and can't on a hot tin roof on a resume
Despite her personal foibles Taylor and her prime was a wonderful actress. On the other hand Lopez has such fair as the mediocre angel eyes and this year's floppy unwatchable enough
She hasn't had a hit since the modestly successful Julia Roberts knock off the wedding planner
Oh there was a minute there early in her career after Selena and out of sight when it seemed as if Lopez could become a solid actress
But that was before she fancied herself a singer before Glossy Holly was hollow celebrity became an easier practice success than the grit and effort of creating lasting art
She's a better photospread than an actress or singer. She's a new queen of style over substance
Madonna has held the title long enough and besides there's always been something annoyingly compelling about Madonna
Even it was just watching the wheels turn as she can cock to get another way to shock her way to headlines
Plus Madonna has had at least half a dozen songs that are undeniable classics
At this point there probably are more people to know Lopez is dating than have seen any of her films or could hum one of her one little songs
She imagines herself as all-purpose star the around the way Boricua Boricua from the Bronx what is Boricua?
No look at that. From the Bronx she'll be tooling around her old castle the neighborhood with Sawyer and the unstoppable double threat
Who was the first before M&M repeated the feat this week to simultaneously have both the number one film and album in the country
But as anything other than a celebrity Lopez seems as flimsy as that famously low-cut Versace Dreschi War few years ago into the Grammys
Under new single Jenny from the block low-passings in her trademark high school talent show Warble
Don't be fooled by the rocks. I'm I got them still I'm still Jenny from the block used to have them a little now
I have a lot no matter where I go I know where I came from now if someone can only persuade her to go back
I throw the ring right for me a green in the Boston Globe
What is that word the word is B-O-R-I-C-U-A
And all purpose star the around the way Baricua from the Bronx Boricua I have never seen that word in my life
Who is this Renee Graham cheat they know what's your name and your times Maureen Dowd but she's up to the same old tricks
Make sure you put a word in there that fat old fag isn't going to know how to pronounce
I never heard that word in my life B-O-R-I-C-U-A got it government in Puerto Rico
Government in Puerto Rico that's what it says
B-O-R-I-C-U-A the government in Puerto Rico I see well whatever that means okay professional weekend I guess which leaves you out
Boricua I beg your pardon is it Boricua
Are you starting that spiktok again that old bag is going to call in again when I was on yesterday that Ojan Trist provok a trist
This is an English language show okay Boric what does that mean whatever you say?
Hey learn Spanish or what a lot of Florida I already did what was that word again Boricua
Boricua Boricua and what it means Puerto Rican oh well there you go she's a weekend with a big fat ass so what else is new
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T and T and Verizon wireless line here's highly a hello
If I don't like what I'm living out of yeah huh boring how come every time I see highly on it I know it's going to be that 10 week car
I just want to put in my two cents on this how a day routine on a hard-to-dead thing yeah well whatever he's talking about
I don't want to say it so you listen and quit this is how a day where he's good with the office he's a good talk show host
And those bids with how a day we are not funny I think they stop it's my opinion you rest your bids are great but we have a man alone
I'm out yeah okay you're out you're out of material no we will not leave the man alone
When a guy comes in and tries to get George fired is one of the first acts of his in tempered behavior and continues with a bunch of insane
Lashing's out and then appears on the other show and like I said I don't really care that he appears on the other guy show
But he's promoting that show how great it is and he listens every day when he goes out of his way to encourage his audience not to listen to this show
So that to try to you know harm this radio program all he's doing is trying to hurt the radio station and because we have a weak need in
That management who just kind of sit back and like that you know out of control
That's what it's come about since this man walked into the building we were doing like what did I say at the time when he screwed up the morning show
Mess with success is not what I was talking about everything was going much too well
Everybody got along pretty much you know as well as they can in the business like this
Ratings were good station was making money everybody was a happy camper right right and then because our general manager had a sniff and got a bug up his ass like an overgrown child
Which is the way he usually behaves as opposed to communicating like an adult well don't forget that DFO business
And when they have a taxi if they wouldn't have messed up the morning show in the first place that could have been salvaged
You follow what I'm saying yeah no that by Zini business and DFO business that could have been salvaged after a reasonable period of time
And we could have brought them back just like they brought Michael back from from said Akusa wherever the hell he was
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line I love the people see if he express your opinion that's fine
But when you call on your stuff giving me instructions don't play this and leave this one alone we're going to do anything you're watching that's the way it works on this show
Today tomorrow seven weeks from Sookas the techs keep coming in here's Carl Gables hello
I am a hello
Hello
Yes sir
Now you tell us you'll be right back or somebody on the other
No I need to listen my little for a week of our 10 years buddy what mean what
Yeah
Yeah
If you're from a bodyguah you're from bodyguah
So if you're if you're biking and burinking you're a big star you're a reacon
Right what he can is a Indian native name that the Indians call butteryco
If you're from boating can you're a bodyguah
Well how the hell are the rest of us supposed to know that who read the Boston Globe you think that anybody who reads the Boston Globe knows what that word means unless they're a reacon?
No she probably was a buddy who wrote it I see
Okay thanks
You're welcome
Which is gracious you buddy quote you whatever the hell I mean I still don't quite get it
So anybody reacon we can refer to them as that which is a lot nicer than what you say about the new one right now
Yeah you start using that okay I don't know about the Puerto Ricans
Nice the little freaking house boy I think he's got a point Jacob Jacob
See now what was he what was he doing watching birdcage anyway he likes all those fact get movies
Oh
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line
We got a full plate today baby we got the mad dog at one in the studio now yesterday
It's set on the schedule. I don't want to start ripping poor clearance anymore than we have to but the schedule just not up to stuff
And then I hear did you notice that the theme played for like about five minutes before we finally got on the year?
Yes he was busy occupied with whatever it is they do over there that Platinum he said they're on the ass
Mad dog in the studio so what says here one to three Hank also in the studio thank God I heard a little bit of his show yesterday
He was over at the Mickey Irson mayor Penga Pakenia arena and it sounded like he was talking through a straw
I hope the Humberton not getting reports on that
Alright Hank folder over here man it was it was the worst audio quality I've ever heard my life
Thanks on a full plate today three to seven four three hours
I'm a hell of a workout Iro Winterman from four to five with at basketball talk
Then we got shit go Panther preview at seven Panthers and it flyers in Philadelphia 7 3rd night 80k after the hockey game to a Mark overnight
That's the schedule
Then of course in the morning it's Moe Howard David it and then it's Ginger Rogers and my cone
I mean houseboy 12 minutes after 10 at five 60 WQ I'm let me tell you about a place where you can get away from all the insanity of some photo
From all the crazy driving all the accidents all the tourists and that's pomp in a park
They're open for live for harness racing at its best every Wednesday Friday and Saturday three nights a week including tonight
Post time for the first race 715 three general parking free clubhouse and grandstand admission every afternoon night
Why not come up for a great evening of a racing route your home will winner from the rail
Features up to a private box seat on the fourth floor or enjoy adventure is hot-fudge Sunday or slice of a lot of pizza
And that hot-fudge Sunday still sounds pretty good. I didn't have one yesterday
This Saturday November 16 is the fourth annual golf ball drop for the Starlight Children's Foundation
Watch 2500 golf balls drop from helicopter on the infield by a number golf ball for a $10 donation
And if your golf ball ends the closest to one of the six flags you'll win a great grand prize like a club med vacation
Disney vacation good year blimp ride and more don't forget every Wednesday like tonight at the
Pompidopark you can get you a draft for your hot dog soda large press or popcorn for only a bucket piece
Pompidopark's excellent top-the-park restaurant on the six floors open every library night for fine dining
Featuring chef Kirk Lade is not least specials in the best seafood states and primary dinners in town
Every seat on the top of the park offers a panoramic view of the races and as a private TV monitor as you watch Mickey
McNichol coming in fourth again dammit
There's also a great all you can eat buffet and the fourth floor players long for just 10 90 for a five per person every racing night
And of course as always seven days a week every day starting at noon
Pompidopark's got full-card simul casting with highlight harness and third-by-racing action from all over North America
Pompidopark don't forget live racing
1715 first post-time tonight at Pompidopark harness
My life and local this is for 305 city
Way and way
Hey it's how it how it dated
Yeah
I like it when the guy stopped by for a hammer
Do you remember
Do you remember
When you got
Humber
He is on the block really has smoked
I don't have no
I un-fipped his life when the guy stopped by for a hammer for a hammer
I like guys who start at home they want to
Extractions when they make a wish
Because it gets long from my hammer from my hummer
Big one daddy stick it in my hand
I gave you a hammer and it all began
He had the biggest one that I ever did see
It fell to the floor when you tried to pee
When you un-fipped I can't help but want
But it's so big that you just have to flaunt it
You wet my whistle with that big thing baby
And if we done my throat manage, it drives me crazy
Now I think I found you and it makes me sad
You went away and never came back
I gave you a hammer and you went back home
But now I can't get in with the size of your balls
I felt even love when you gave me a beat
Now I'm a little bit like Alex B. Keaton
When I met you I knew that you were sick
It really doesn't matter the size of your stick
New kids on the block really have small balls
I need you to have no one
I am a presser flies on the guy's stuff
I for a hammer for a hammer
Can I teen over?
Get the hammer on the three this afternoon
No, I were a winder but there's another mistake on his schedule
Boy, Clarence, I don't want to be picking on you
But I got to be honest with her that muff thank goodness he's back
You know, muff at least makes his best effort to get some stuff done for us
But other than that the upper and middle level management has been kind of weakly
You know what I'm saying
But I'm saying that you aren't getting it done
Not getting it done I mean I were a winder but it says right here
Doesn't it say Wednesday November 13th is today
I'm looking at November 13th I think so
I can't wait to watch yes
Yeah
It says I were a winder but I'm with the Humper
I'm trying to do my best to promote the goddamn radio station
And then I'll court Carl's
Oh he's not on today he was on yesterday
Well how come we didn't know he was going to be on yesterday
And certainly he would assume he'd be on yesterday
Since they were doing a show from the heat arena
Or as it said on my sheet here
Which is not called a heat arena
Or any of the American Airlines arena whatever the hell it is
You think it would say so on a schedule to say so
No
Not that I want to nitpick clearance
But you better get your schedule straight now mister
Because you sure don't know your goddamn schedules
But thanks for getting the check in the mail
That's all I care about
As long as the check keeps coming see
See some of you assholes out there like Mo
Who take everything so seriously
Because you got a big fat ego
I don't have any ego
I've been working in this market for over 26 years
Going on 27
And I learned a long time ago
You can't have any ego working in South Florida
It's a it's a thankless, uh, hopeless thing
But if you get a big fat paycheck every couple of weeks
Just take it to the bank to hell with all the other bull crap
You can't eat ego you know
Do you see the episode at the agriculture department
With that asshole in that van?
No I didn't
Well this asshole he was arrested, uh, he's in custody
Now he wanted to see how president they
And he had this van, this budget rent a van
And claimed that he had explosives in it
And they searched it and they were no explosives
It was right by the agriculture department in Washington DC
But he's in custody now and everything is okay
Here's the fact that says is the calling calling you ginger Rogers the best he can do pretty lame
It is pretty lame not only that but ginger Rogers like I said the other day
It took us weeks to figure out what filling was talking about with that ginger
But now he's completed the thing with ginger Rogers so we can be sure
Another old fossil kind of like mo
Do you think that most people listen to his show know who ginger Rogers was?
No
Do you think most people under the age of 100 remember ginger Rogers?
No, Fred is there
No
Any of those people but that's okay
That's fine with me
And this is one of the same people who was so outraged and indignant about my
So-called racist stuff in the name of stick
Remember that comment several months ago which I'm sure we all do
And yet in the meantime he and Gildi in all the other uh
Sexist honor radio station including 70% of the men in the country
With this business about August and the masters again
Oh it's just a bunch of these bull dags, a bunch of these damn feminist brawds
They're trying to get in our way
Let men be with men all of that stuff you know
So on the one hand here's all the homophobic crap but on the other hand
Let's have men be with men
Hmm
5670560 sounds good to me
Oh I'm speaking of that last night's smallville pretty disappointing
Oh my gosh talk about depressa should be a warning
I'm surprised I survived that show last night that was so glad they'm depressing
It was almost as depressing as least blown a three-nothing lead in last night third period having to win and overtime
For one of their rare wins
So that's what happens when he get all those old Panther rejects
Pat all those rejects Trevor kid Tommy Fitzgerald all these other you know Anders Erickson who's cool in his heels and saying John's
All the old misfits but anyway the show is so glad they're morbid and depressing
At least at the end they could have brought us on it would have been very corny even cornyer than the ending would little kid dying
But at least so maybe Clark saved his life you know he got this this proud uh neurosurgeon
And he got him off the plane at the last second and he went there and he performed the emergency surgery and a kid still died
Well what kind of an ending is that?
So the title deprive it's not it's not uplifting the show is supposed to be uplifting usually the end of the show
It's always corny but at least there's some feel good in spite of all the trauma and all the horror and the grotesque stuff that happens during the hour
Including the 85 minutes of commercial did you notice that the last commercial break must have lasted about 75 minutes
I kept I was watching the leaf game I'm watching the weather for today. I was to watch 15 other things and I come and they're still an at-guy damn commercial break
I'll tell you somebody there at the WB is making a few bucks off an at-guy damn show
Man but it was a morbid and depressing and I in fact I was silly pressed I shut it off right after I didn't even see the preview for next week
Did you know nothing you mentioned it?
See 2D press I might have watched it but I forgot because we don't want morbid on a small veil okay
We don't want morbid we want feel good we want feel this feel that maybe you like shake on his hand would be at least a start
You know he can't he can't put his arm around her or give her a peck on a cheek or something that sounds like that but at least you know like shake her hand shake it a little bit Clark
When she decides that she's going to stick around in town even though mom and step that are moving to metropolis
How long is it going to be before him and Alex start getting hostile with each other?
I'm sure it's going to be a big season premier or something because I've said to those two are getting tighter and tighter and tighter
And the fact that neither one of them seems to have a real female interest you know how Alex and his girlfriend that's a good point I don't know
And Clark sir is how he can't even like like I said there was Chloe and I know close she's to busy with the computer and then there's Lana who he likes a lot but look but don't touch that kind of thing
Maybe he's super sterile
He's only like 20 you know give him some time
Here's a four water deal hello
Hey Neil how you doing pretty good you've created a monster nobody wants to see how it no more we want to hear Mo
Yeah and well there you go see what did I tell you I gave the man a billion dollars worth of free publicity
And pretty soon you're going to start hearing Howard's material on Mo's show
Exactly. Hey Neil what about a moment within the movie of deliverance that would be pretty funny
Yeah I hope I didn't work the raping
I mean we like a pig oh I can't see it right now
That's a given that's a given
And you know who could be playing the band you're up there guilty
Yeah I can see guilty up here in the tree
Maybe a closing no mo mo
Okay no mo mo
Oh you love it he loves the mo mo and the mo mo
Remember that song Papa umo mo and then there was that African tribe the mom house
The mo mo's
5 6 7 0 5 60 that should be a promo can you see the billboards when it comes to sports mo knows
And I have just a big picture of the herpes the silver herpes a promo
Here's for a lot of deal hello
For a lot of deal yes I am
Oh Neil yes yes yes I'm here at Poppano Park riding around every morning listening to your show
And I just felt like I had to call you one day and
Express my opinion about Howard David but I do enjoy your show and since you go to Poppano all the time
I felt like I should call also
That's the release you in the backstreet I'm on the backstreet riding around so
You're on the back side?
Yeah I'm riding see I saw him making me think we'll be the other day and I'm so sorry
Yeah right but anyway I did want to express my opinion about Howard David because
I don't have any problem with him as far as you do with taking you know with backstabbing
It's work but I just felt like from the first day he came on he was an embarrassment and that he was just so brazen and so
You know arrogant that
Erigan is the word yeah yeah and it was just it was almost embarrassing to me and just very very difficult to listen to
And after listening to to Jeff DeFarris and the other the other show I felt was so much better I really missed
Jeff DeFarris I wish they could bring him back
Yeah
But I'm just surprised that so many people don't feel this way that there would be a lot of pressure to get rid of him
I just think he should be the logs in New York
I don't want to get rid of him I mean he claimed the last week that business about I've been trying to undermine his show since
Today he got there that's a lie number one and number two I'm not I don't try to get anybody can
Unlike him who has gotten not only several people can't often be sure but also try to get George Fart as one of his first acts
And then see he's one of those people who want the air will put on a good act for you and pretend he's above
Doing all of these things and then behind the scenes tries to get everybody can and throws a tantrum like a crazy old man
That's what bugs me about him if you if you hate George if you want to get him fired come on here and at least press up to it
Okay, instead of the doing all the stabbing behind the scene I can imagine that but my complaint is I just don't think he does a good job
I just think you know in comparison after listening to Jeff DeFarris for all that time and then the personalities are just so much different
Jeff DeFarris that a personality is a great sense of humor. Yeah, I'm sure it's just so you know it's just like a very hard and brazen and that was my complaint about it
Well his show basically boils down to the world according to Mo and Mo was it all you know when his speech is that Sten Torrientone
That's is when I tell you something that's the way it is right I could just picture that is a ghost
I forget his first name that
He'll do
I think he just he must be clenching his teeth for a long time with him
I just picture that he doesn't like working with him and he just had to you know struck up to him
Would you hear how high that you hear how high that voice got so you know he's got him by somewhere
Right, well I'm great day pal. Sorry. I gotta run so I have to make it
That's a great gesture for us back. Say hi to wally hennessey. Thanks. Okay. I will. I'm how's it going?
I
Today the place to be from five to seven is Treasure Island. It's our WQ I am happy our party with me Miguel ugly chucks
And while they to some act starring Leslie Wells and Tristan blue will be there with two for one drinks free admission and lots of babes
Treasure Island as a gentleman's club where some of the most beautiful babes I have all for you open daily at noon
You can enjoy a free lunch buffet till three escape your hard day while being entertained by a gorgeous treasure island dancer
This week's featured drink is cosmic jelly these jello shots are the best enjoy them and after three or four
He'll be feeling great catch all the NFL games on their big screens and every night treasure island features a free midnight and breakfast buffet
But who's kidding who the real reason you should come down to treasure island is the ladies
They get up close and personal with you and help you release all your inhibitions treat yourself to a friction dance and unwind
Today promises to be a great party you have to come down and join me in the Q a m crew and dooses wild with Leslie Wells and Tristan blue
Treasure Island located off the Palmetto north of the 120 second street exit is where the party is all sponsored by cosmic jelly
For more information call 305 558 2221 or go to treasure island dancers.com to see dooses wild treasure island open seven days from noon till 5 a.m
Come on down and enjoy yourself
How young is to young
Yeah, I'm pointing with you
I didn't know
I didn't know
Oh that has to really please go away
I didn't wait to attack up a big old home and eat your whole homes
Till you explode
Just like your fat fat churned ladies have to fight your seats on a plane
He's failing your fingers that have yellow stain from sea to see your toes
And your piggy who knows
I have to be fact disgusting and tasty
Oh
You make the churly women smile
They like a cow who's mad and sad
Think smelly fat so repulsive and mild
Your body cheese smells like a draper
And her it was occupied by head mass murder
She wants you to get in the air car
Bussard you got him why
I can squeal, I can squeal
I can squeal fat lady
Living with your numberless means
Slavering and starting the tree between her feet
Passionate old yeast
No squishy tuney
That's a fortuna that's moist and tasty
Can you even begin to imagine
235 votes in a recent replay that is look who's tied for first in our poll
Seeing which of these celebrities makes you most want to puke your guts out
OJ 63 and Rosie 63
Let's hear it for big discussing obnoxious ducky rosy
I got a fresh screen she just won she just pulled her lead
Oh, you're ahead of me yeah well let me refresh mine because it's so refreshing not to be seen her puts anymore on my screen
Let's see Rosie just pulled in lead public as I played that bit 66
OJ 64
And it's way down small potatoes small max potato yeast the rest of them
Roseanne 21 Oprah 20 Papu can in 20 and quarter 17 M&M 11
Tucker Carlson 11 or 10 Tucker rhymes with Schmucker
Madonna 8 Bob Novak 3 and Jerry Lewis 3
Out of 240 tree votes
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line
On a momentous Wednesday
See there's another thing with most since you people are so damn determined to talk about him and that is just like the comment about the bulletin head to problem with this guy
Is this is why we have the worst management in history of broadcasting in this radio station?
See if you're dealing with somebody who knows where to draw the line knows the difference between
Stick and strike and back in a clever come back of whatever and somebody who goes way way over and beyond
You can't just hit somebody down in front of a microphone and assume that they have the right to be there or the responsibility be to see what I'm saying what are you saying?
I'm saying we have bad bad bad management is what I'm saying and we do
Did I hear back from our general manager by the way that I was supposed to hear from yesterday? No, no
Just to kind of get the lay of the land and the checkout who's naughty and nice know cross bring hello
Hey Neil, yes sir. Hey, no one thing that kills me. He had his like 15 year old caller referring to
Defending mo about five or six callers ago. You know, he's a chronic
When you call with saying I'm out please wrong station wrong. I heard wrong. He's one of those chronic little Julio's just an Ojan provocateur.
Hey, the guy we called up earlier if you wasn't such a twit you might have been able to explain the shepherd Smith box thing a little bit because it was kind of interesting.
Yeah, well took that guy about five minutes to get the name out first of all. Right. Hey, did you ever see the movie American Hicks 3x? No.
I think George had a scene in it where I
Guess the other the white skinhead, you know, found the black guy breaking into his car made him put his mouth and put his mouth on the curb and then he jumped on the back of his head.
And I guess that's called a curb job in the Bronx or J.L.O. was from and they were talking.
It's not talking about a block party for J.L.O. and Affleck and he said something to you. I'm sure the folks in the Bronx at this point would rather give
J.L.O. a curb job than a blow job. I mean, I'm sorry about that slip. I mean a block party and it was pretty good.
Although I will say this. It wouldn't surprise me if he does have a penis. I'm pretty sure she does. Hey, Mohawar and I tell you what before before he got involved in all this crap and you
Listen to the Monday night football games and I when I'm up in New York and listen to the Jets he was as good as it gets.
Right. He was as a pro football.
Right. I'm like, yeah, he is so good and I was so I was like, okay, I'm not a dolphins man, but it's been for a good job.
But I didn't care. I don't know what the hell they expected to talk show host and I enjoyed listening them on the air.
He's such a such an old stodgy humorless punch right now. I can't even listen to the dolphin game anymore.
We're just knowing that you know what's behind that voice. And he was making such a big deal about the bomb the other day.
I'm going to drop the bomb. I thought it was going to be one of these Brian Cox things with some massive lawsuit or something.
He was making it up to be a big deal.
Well, first of all, let me just say this to you. If you're going to sue the people that you're working for anybody on a radio station, you're not going to be working in the business ever again.
Right. So anybody who does that, I guess, is planning on early retirement. Yeah, I had no idea what to expect with this guy.
And so the deal is for anybody who turned in late. He's evidently through his contacts with Westwood one who also candid, by the way, you know, got some folks up there worked on Howard Stern show either present or past.
And they're going to be doing some comeback. You know, attack comedy bits on me and on George in this show, but which is fine again, all depending, all depending on where the line is.
Right. There's a difference between knocking somebody's a wig in their vericoose veins. There's a difference between that and trying to destroy somebody's career.
Yeah, exactly. He doesn't he obviously doesn't know the difference. Yeah, he's not he's got a long way to go for you to destroy yours or anyone else's career.
Hey, let me have a quick question. I'll let you go. What was the, what were the circumstances? Why was he so bent on firing George? And how did that, you know, when he got out?
I was up here back in, oh, I don't know April, I guess April or May and one afternoon I walked into my, and I got a really nice studio here. It's in one of the bedrooms in my apartment.
And I walk in and on the facts machine. There was like some facts sitting on it was about three in the afternoon, and I looked at them and there were some emails that somebody down there, I don't want to mention any names had intercepted. They were emails from listeners to Howard and they were like cost if they were, you know,
and it was from the same bunch of little goofballs that, you know, that call us the little Cubans or whatever. And then there were funny. They were very funny. They were about a half a dozen of them.
So I had no idea where they came from. So next morning I read him on the air evidently he heard them and just went into a psychotic hemorrhage and for days on end was demanding that George be fired and threatened to walk out.
And so I come in a couple of days later and here's a message from our general manager on my answering machine on my voice mail.
Congratulations on a great book, Neil. And by the way, I've decided to terminate George Rodriguez.
So when you're laughing, but George who did whose wife had just shortly before I got second baby, I mean, here's a guy that's got a family who's worked with me as a show for 10 or 11 years.
And he was going to get cans. And so I had to go through a hernia and all kinds of hysteria for weeks for weeks on end to save the guy's job.
Our program director went into like kind of a rubber room for a couple of months had to take time off because of all the stress and the pressure.
This man in just a few months has created more division and more psychosis in that building than anybody.
All the other people I've seen put together in 26 years. Yeah, and I've been listening to you for a long time and I mean since 87 I've never heard like I mean there's always been some humor as bands are back and forth.
I mean, it's one thing not to like some of the people you work for, but to go out of your way to try to get people fired because of some childish pranker just because you've got a giant ego and you're going to throw your weight around.
And that was just the first way he was trying to interfere with this show and he hasn't stopped since.
It certainly doesn't sound like it's under the guise of stick to kick. No, it's rain. I know that.
I'm ready to debate. Bye. Bye. See you. How do you like that? Huh?
Maybe he was right when he said that yesterday. Maybe he was commenting at the end of the show about what they're going to talk about today.
The same thing that maybe that's what he would like. It sure a lot of good free publicity.
More show all more all day.
I'm in the local business is by city.
The radio's on your side.
You and.
Flow too much. You're in trouble.
Here.
Raw. I can't the day when someone done us wrong.
We didn't take their crap.
Imperial Harbor.
When the jams drop their bombs.
We bombed them back.
And now the Saudis they hit us hard.
And on our cars are little blacks way.
As that Saudi love and retard voice of bombers the wrong way.
And on the barrens to be in America.
Where they follow both like she's the United States of America.
And by gochins family.
We they got this country.
Up.
And the little August.
And I used to be.
I don't want to be a pack of Americans.
In the god damn USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives.
Stop living in the past.
If you want that SUV to drive.
You're gonna need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world.
They train us to the beach.
And anyone who says that obviously.
And so for to be.
What word did you say?
A thousand barrens to be in America.
Where we take three odds and leave.
Where the flag is what has to.
With our hand in the sand.
And lightly follow the powers that we have.
But that thick.
I'm watching state for you.
Who's on a 65 and screen.
Sretcher falls and five.
Everything's okay.
In the god damn USA.
Y'all must remember.
Y'all come back now.
What couple of interesting faces here.
You notice I did.
Anyway, I guess I'll save this one.
I got so much good stuff here today.
But the whole audience.
I want to talk about it.
I don't understand it.
I can understand it.
Anyway, this I got to mention.
From the St. Pete Times.
A congressional committee wants to know whether politics are behind the delay of a federal audit of the state employees pension fund.
This is the state of Florida.
Governor Jeff Bush's administration asked for a delay because of recent staff changes.
A spokeswoman said yesterday not to avoid damaging his reelection effort.
But Iowa senator Charles Grassley, the top Republican on the Senate Finance Committee, isn't so sure.
He has asked for an investigation into whether health and human services in Spectral General Janet Renquist delayed the audit to avoid possible embarrassment to Bush who was in a spirited reelection fight.
Or so he thought.
Grassley said to today the audit delays just one part of a federal inquiry into whether Renquist, daughter of US Supreme Court Justice, achieved just his William Renquist.
Oh my god.
Has improperly infused politics and administrative duties.
You see the way this is all tied together?
Gee what a shocker.
Bush spokeswoman Elizabeth Hurst said the governor's staff requested delay because the director of the state agency that overseas pension funds was about to retire.
It was appropriate that we handed the layher's set.
Grassley asked the GA to look into Renquist's operation in October after running that she made 19 senior level staff changes at HHS.
Grassley called that number exceptionally high.
And talking with the whistleblowers from HHS, Grassley learned the suspicions that Renquist had delayed the float audit to avoid the possibility of damaging Bush's reelection campaign.
These allegations are very serious.
They accuse the Inspector General of a faded a performer duties independently.
I'm looking into these allegations to try to determine their accuracy.
Grassley sent a statement yesterday.
He asked the GA.
Oh.
The investigative arm of Congress to determine whether the HHS staff changes road to the office's mission to root out waste, fraud and abuse in federal healthcare programs.
Grassley author of a federal whistleblower protection statute is a long time advocate of aggressive fraud investigation.
Judy Holtsy spokeswoman for Renquist said HHS employees triggered the audit by raising questions about the size of federal payments to the Florida pension fund.
How do you like that?
Because we sure don't want to embarrass the Jeffster and show that all that money was being invested at Enron when everybody else had been getting out and they were still buying back in on the way down.
How do you like that?
With pension money.
But at any rate, you know, nothing will come about it.
They'll wriggle out of it like everything else because it's the Teflon family.
Miami coach arrested on battery charge fan injured, but the good news is it's not Miami of Florida.
Isn't that the good news?
That's good news.
Miami of Ohio defensive coordinated coordinator John Wofford was released on bond early today after being arrested for allegedly assaulting a fan who was celebrating Marshall's last second win.
Robert a flogger.
Flogger was among thousands of Marshall fans who stormed the field moments after Stan Hill scored from a yard out with five seconds left to give the thundering herd.
The thundering herd.
You turn a 3634 victory Tuesday night.
Wofford ledger Lee Schuff flower who hit his head on the artificial turf and was taken on the stretch to a hospital where they can question according to a report filed by state police in Huntington West Virginia.
Flower 36 a picket in Ohio was treated and released from St. Mary's Medical Center early today.
Said spokesman Dan Laundry.
I thought what Dan was busy doing the laundry.
My brother was jumping up and down celebrating with a Marshall players.
Flora's brother Todd said from the hospital he said he was waving goodbye to the Miami players and that one of them threw their mouthpiece.
That he said the next thing he knew was an ambulance.
Robert flour on a cat scan had a pounding headache as brother said.
Wofford 32 was led away in handcuffs by the West Virginia state police in charge with battery a Mr. Meener.
How do you like that?
More problems at the University of Miami Ohio.
How do you like them apples?
Shame on them.
Yeah, this is pretty interesting about Minnesota shame, but we got to take a lot of these great calls.
Don't you think?
Absolutely.
They've been great.
They have been pretty interesting along with the usual a few assholes, which is good.
We like to mix it up a little bit.
Okay.
Three or four real calls and assholes.
Now, did I do that online the seven Carlos?
Did I do that?
Well, why do you do that?
Because it's, uh, no, no, no, just don't be let don't pay any attention to George.
Okay.
Don't pay any attention what George tells you because George has been too busy playing at the, you know, made the house made for the house boy or girl.
Whatever the hell it was in La Caja folds.
He probably thought it was some weekend calling in five six seven oh five.
See it probably was and pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless light.
Don't forget our big noon to one hour today one a boat equal.
Don't start with that spick talk again.
Okay, that woman.
She never called back to them really upset about that.
No, I'm with later on in the show.
Maybe she doesn't get around the, you know, or maybe they didn't put her up to the call until later on in the show.
Oh, we've been getting plenty of ringers lately.
Have you noticed that?
Yeah, have I noticed?
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Yes, I haven't think that Mr. David is great.
Yeah, and you suck.
Okay, thank you.
Thanks for listening to speaking to ringers.
Yeah, five six seven oh five and you suck, but he's listening to the show.
See how many years have I been telling you that?
If I suck, why would I do suck by the way?
Pretty good.
But why would you be listening to the show?
See that that's the kind of people he's got coming to his defense is that little punk Julio before.
I'm out that one and then this guy.
He's great and you suck.
Maybe that was his houseboy.
Flavius.
And his brother biggest five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
See, I don't really know.
Yeah, maybe this isn't the longer one would be great for this radio stage.
Maybe we'll get an 80 share.
But regardless, I mean, all the crap that we had to go through with your alleged firing and with a bullet in the head and all this other stuff and in the stuff on the website,
which was very suspicious, the timing, etc. and our friends at Fox News.
We just starting to put all these pieces together.
Sure.
Can't quite the way I have a bomb of my own.
No, no.
Then I'm going to explode right after 11 o'clock break that even you don't know about.
How do you like that?
All right.
Can't wait.
I have my own bomb because the timing of all of this seems real interesting to me.
Speaking of trying to dig around with other people's livelihoods and careers.
Just wait and I even I wasn't aware of this until just a few days ago.
But wait till you hear this.
All right.
A bomb.
What is it?
I'm not telling you to let the news.
I don't want to wait after the news.
Okay.
B to B to B to B.
And now the news from QIM.
What a joke.
I still can't.
I can't get over when we're working for Paxton.
I don't remember when Hank started working on our station, but I'm the one with this station.
But I would turn on the station.
I would I would hear the top of the hour coming instead of like newscast even like a news capsule.
Yeah.
It sports updates.
Well, and I would say to myself, what is that?
I mean, like in other words, this is the only thing that's going on in the world.
The idea of news is like somebody has a strained grain muscle with a dolphin.
This is news.
It's not the only thing going on, but it's the only thing that matters.
Oh, I forgot.
Well, I've learned that in these five years.
Here's Miami Lake.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
When is the news?
I love those news at 11 o'clock.
Let me answer a question.
Boca Brian will be with Georgia Treasure Island today.
Yes.
Yeah.
Well, we have to see these there.
Yes.
Yes, he will.
Now listen, but if you want to get one, you got to rub his ball spot.
Another thing.
Just one, when you know, when most doing the games with, with Mandage.
Yeah.
You think, and when I listen to the games on radio religiously, no matter what,
do you think Mandage gets upset with him when he makes all those mistakes?
I don't, I don't know because in all fairness, I can't, I don't listen to the games on the radio.
I heard, I heard, usually the feed up here, I don't get it.
You know, I was on this Sunday night, but I was watching it on TV.
So I haven't listened to enough of it.
I've had, you know, we've had some people calling in saying he's not letting Mad Dog do his own thing and be himself.
But for me to comment on that would be pointless because I don't listen to the game.
Right.
I know when he's up, when he makes all the mistakes, Mandage is biting his tongue because I can hear it.
Can you hear him biting his tongue?
Can you hear the blood spurting sportswear in his tongue?
Devin, I can hear the steam coming out of his ears.
Just one more thing.
I called you yesterday about the Augusta golf course, the men, men want to be with men.
They want to be with men.
No, we're still, we're still looking for it.
Are you still looking for it?
All right, Neil.
Thanks a lot.
We'll find it.
Okay. Thanks.
When you play it, I'll play it.
I'll play with it.
Don't forget, men want to be with men so they can play with it.
What's wrong with that?
Yes, you see, that's the whole thing about that gay club that makes it so accurate.
What a joke.
And then, of course, 70% of the men on these polls say that, yes, Augusta has every right to exclude women.
Now, see, isn't that interesting, especially at the time when I'm accused of being a racist,
that you're not too many years ago, blacks were excluded from membership at Augusta National,
and then they finally let one guy in here, and now we got Tiger Woods,
and we got, what else like, a Lee Elder, and some other pretty good black golfers,
as if golf is all that important, which it's not.
But if the same people who are saying now that women should be excluded,
we're saying that blacks should be excluded, or Jews should be excluded,
oh my god, we're talking bigotry, we're getting on to God damn.
Website, we're calling Fox News.
See what I'm saying?
Yes, it's young boys and those are balls.
Exactly. Now you're talking. Now you got your thumb on him, old.
We're sports radio, 5-6-7, Q-A-M.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby. Only in Miami.
Fox News has a real, really like your f**k juice.
Oh, right. Yeah. Fox News has a hard road, really like your f**k juice.
We really like your f**k juice. We really like your f**k.
You're a fine looking fascist, and a perfect little Nazi.
I want to film their company through your soil panties.
This norting juice, the big slug and sweet.
Laughing your lips like Ann, soldiers roast me. Fox News has a hard road,
we really like your f**k juice.
Oh, here's a bullet in the Iraq to approve the UN resolution.
Oh yeah. Fox News has a hard road, really like your f**k juice.
We really like your f**k juice.
You ever think about doing that, do you?
Do you think I'm a f**k?
You want to know shit? Three ways, you jerk.
You're probably not a f**k.
You should have been thinking about that.
No.
The little pigs rolls, but between your punks.
Out that in taste, like bubble gum.
See you next time you need a story done.
Since it takes a little bubble to make you come.
Fox News has a hard road, really like your f**k juice.
Oh yeah. Fox News has a hard road, really like your f**k juice.
Alright.
11.02 at 5.60 WMH, do you do it next hour, that big noon to 1 hour,
all bits the whole hour.
And I'm going to come in and go with a request for that, by the way.
For what? Sofa King.
Oh. Well, he's always been the sofa king in our place.
Something like that, he always wore the crown.
So how is Muff? How's he doing?
He's doing fine, very chipper today.
Well, that's good. I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad he's holding up well under the stress, under the duress.
He does wear a nice duress, by the way.
Have you ever seen it?
No.
Like pink chiffon with lace.
He's okay in my book, Dad Muff.
He's the only hope we got in that place.
I'm serious about that.
You know me, I'm not an ass sucker.
And especially in his case, he ain't my type.
But the fact of the matter is, he's the only one that's like, uh, got a clue.
I mean, clearance, he means well, and he gets me my checks on time.
And we're close to what nice go on clearance.
Better late than never.
But the fact of the matter is Muff is our only, he's our only buffer between insanity and a place.
And of course, the head cheese there, he's busy.
I'm making people wait for half an hour on the phone to see if he can muster the courage to take their phone call.
He have a norma called him the other day.
He made him wait 24 minutes on hold before he takes the phone call.
And then we wind up with the three way, me and Norma and Greg on the phone, only because they're Norma and sister.
Yeah, three way.
There you go, Mo. There's some material for you.
Greg Reed, Norma Kent and, uh, and, uh, Ginger Rogers with a three way, only was on the phone with a little phone sex.
And that's the end of it.
That was two days ago.
Is there any follow up?
No.
I get a response.
What the hell's going on?
No, not at all.
So it's one more good reason for me to be here and away from that insane asylum from that nut house.
So anyway, this is a man who acts like he's in suspended animation, kind of like Larry King.
Oh, so you're waiting to hear my story.
I'm Jones and I bet you are.
But first here's the poll results.
See, I know how to tease it.
And it's a, it's a, uh, you'll be shocked.
You'll be even more shocked than I was when I heard this thing.
See, uh, which of these celebrities makes you most want to puke?
Is our poll question today on theorangeers.com?
Rosie O'Donnell looks like she's pulling away.
And you know something.
If I had to do it again, I would vote for her because I mean, as much as I almost said with an F,
as much as Tucker Carlson, you got to be very careful with what you'd be saying that.
As much as he, uh, just annoys me.
It's not just that he's a right winger because there's plenty of right wingers on here,
but just that he's such a pretty silly ass with that bow tie, you know.
People with bow ties, even like the former Illinois Senator Paul Simon was a liberal Democrat,
just to show that I don't care about politics that much.
Uh, he made me nauseous.
He was a silly goose.
Only silly people wear bow ties.
When you agree, absolutely like Dominic Dunn.
Can you?
Dominic Dunn, another silly guy with eyebrows to make Andy Rooney Jones.
Seriously, I think he stole some of Andy's eyebrow here and pasted it on.
He's got those nifty glasses.
Oh man.
And I'll tell you another one.
God, it's got goofy glasses.
You know Senator Carl Levin from Michigan.
No.
Oh, yeah, you do.
The balding is balding.
Uh, like I know.
And he wears the glad he's got a, you know, that you know, I'm sorry.
He wears his glasses down and like over the, I'm taking my glasses and put them down like a pinching the end of the tip of my nose,
pitching my tip like granny style.
You've seen that have a year because he appears in all the talking head shows all the time.
Senator Carl Levin, he's a good guy.
Never stole a freight train.
I like him.
But why do you put your, what is the bush, myster?
These messages very seriously.
We will.
We're taking seriously here at home.
You're racked to approve you and resolution.
How do you like them?
I said, okay.
In fact, today's only Wednesday that deadline was Friday.
Is it okay?
Just don't drop the bomb.
Firstly abroad by continuing.
What do you say about abroad?
We'll chase these people down one at a time.
That's pretty interesting to hear since it's now what, 14 months later in Osama,
we find it still alive and making threats.
He doesn't look too happy.
I'll present that.
The room now.
He looks very, very disbanded because now it kind of puts a delay.
It screwed up all his plans.
Remember like a Tessio survey.
Can't go either, Sally.
I'd screwed up all my plans.
Tell him I always liked him.
It wasn't personal with business.
So anyway, getting back, speaking of business.
So I get a call.
Are you going to interrupt this?
Nope.
Jacob.
In fact, I'm trying to think about two months ago because I was up here.
And one of those movie channels I'm always telling you about late one night.
They showed that again like Haja Ful.
And a really bad print of it too was like, I mean,
but I just couldn't turn it off.
It was like Godfather, it was like deliverance.
Some of those movies, when you see him on there, you just get glued and you can't turn it off.
So I watched the whole thing in his entirety.
And when they got to that scene, where she's sitting there with a bad wig on, you know,
and the thing with the soup and a whole deal and Jacob just loses it,
I start laughing so hard I made myself sick.
I made myself physically, because I couldn't stop laughing.
At any rate, this is no laughing matter.
Here's our bomb.
We ought to have like a new feature on the show.
We got like tabloid Tuesday and we got all bits Wednesday between noon and one.
We ought to have the bomb of the day.
When a bomb a grande.
So a normal can't my just, I mean, norms in high sky.
Let me make that clear up front.
Okay, but loose cannon, loose cannon.
And he also didn't bother calling me back yesterday because probably they didn't have anything news to report.
But you know, another one, he's just weak, kind of like a featherweight.
So during the course of a conversation with him a couple of weeks ago,
and keep in mind the timing of this, right?
A couple of weeks ago, he tells me almost as an afterthought.
And he likes to do this.
He likes to meet with certain people in the business about my career and my welfare without telling me.
Which quite frankly, that's not the way I like to do business.
And I've told him that, but he's just one of those people you can't control.
He's a loose cannon who also thinks he's a radio broadcaster and a baseball player.
He thinks he's a lot of things.
He's a good guy and a professional fact and that's pretty much it.
But at any rate, so almost as an afterthought he tells me that he had a meeting
that a gentleman who's one of the higher upper echelon programming people at a certain company
flew down to meet him in Fort Lauderdale, not too long ago, about a month ago.
Can I get it?
Are you going to interrupt again?
Nope.
You know, you houseboys are easy to come by or a dime it doesn't.
Although I do like those pom-poms.
What were those things that he was always flashing around?
Jacob.
I don't know, 100 years ago.
Those feathered things.
At any rate, now what the hell was I saying?
You keep interrupting, God damn it.
What was the important vibe?
Oh, we don't know.
Why?
Someone from Premier.
I've come down and met Norma in Fort Lauderdale to meet discussing syndicating this show.
Premier?
No.
Okay, I have more guesses, but I won't.
Well, guess again.
Infinity.
No.
Get closer.
Keep going.
Cox.
How about Westwood 1?
See, that was the last one on the list.
Okay.
All right.
How do you like that?
Now, see, I'm not interested in the first place because I'm not interested at this stage of my life.
I would like to be on national.
I could have been, you know, if it would have happened 10 years ago, I could have been,
I don't care what anybody says.
I could have been a real major player on the national scene.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
I say crap that other people don't dare to say.
And I'm, you know, I'm one of those people that don't give a crap.
I fling it out.
If it's in my brain, I fling it out.
But the fact of the matter is, I mean, Norma's been basically incompetent.
And of course, Greg, well, the company wants to help syndicate.
And he'll show this being going on for four or five years.
They have no interest in syndicating this show because that's basically something that would benefit me.
And as far as they're concerned, whatever revenue they get is small potatoes.
I'm just, I'm on a way out.
I'm counting the days till I retire.
Not today's to start building a new career.
Do you follow them saying?
Yeah.
In other words, Walter Cronkite isn't looking at ways to start a new career at age of 90.
And now at age of 60, I'm not looking either.
But at any rate, so this guy come down because OP and Anthony just got blown out as we all know a couple of months ago.
Without sex in the church pit.
So they're looking for various people to fill in various parts on their stations all around the country,
which they've got about eight million of them, you know, just like Cloudy Channel.
Right.
So how do you like them, apples, huh?
I like them.
I like them.
And then shortly on the heels of this, shortly on the heels of this, all of these other things started.
You follow what I'm saying coincidence.
All of these other things started.
Now, of course, if I once worked for that company and even though most of the people they may have hated me like poison,
I certainly would have some people on the inside.
You follow what I'm saying?
Oh, yeah, no question.
At least one or two.
And of course, what better way to put the permanent mix on any chances of that happening?
I'm not making any accusations of just again thinking out loud.
Thinking out loud.
Then to try to demean and disgrace and debate and whatever else to try to make it seem that I'm the bigoted fat whatever the hell I am, you know, which is okay.
And again, I'm just thinking out loud.
But the timing of it is all very suspect, you know, just like the timing of.
You've been held hostage.
On the very day of that comment about anybody saying the things that I do on the eyes of stick in any of the market probably get a bullet in the head.
And the response from our management and the return to that was instead of saying, gee, that's that's unconsumable that any of our people would say that.
Or plant that in the minds of anybody in the audience.
Instead of saying that, they could turn around and say to us, well, you know, in exchange for.
In exchange for not firing George.
How about laying off the old man.
And I did.
Just one more step that I took to try to protect the house boy.
And it was a bad mistake.
We should have said, what kind of a deal is that?
I've already agreed you're not going to can that little stick.
What kind of a thing? What kind of a response is that?
And I'll tell you what it is. It's ear responsible.
Just like the comment itself, the stuff that's being said under the guise of stick and any of the market would get this guy a bullet in the head.
Right at that point, somebody should have intervened.
Somebody who's like in suspended animation.
Somebody who's just frozen and paralyzed and can never act who pretends to be a general manager.
But basically is a guy with a bad haircut and an expensive suit.
Did he do it?
No.
No.
So how do you like that?
I like when you think we're starting on Westwood one.
Tomorrow.
12 minutes after 11 at 560 WQA.
We have Thanksgiving.
Everybody's going to be flocking home to be home together again with their friends and family, strangers.
Gave it around the table with delicious homemade food and family traditions.
After all, it's not that turkey that makes the meal special.
It's the people and the stuffing.
Getting ready for the hungry guests can be stressful, especially if they're staying overnight.
If you're having a household for Thanksgiving, let dial amatris make your holiday preparations a little bit easier.
Now is the time to call.
1-800 macros and get that new macros in before the house guests get there.
If they've already told you they're coming, or if you don't hear from them till the night before they get there,
dial amatris can deliver a top quality service.
Healy Simmons or King Crow macros the very same day.
I've been sleeping on a dial amatris for years and let me tell you they're the best.
Call dial amatris right now, tool for you.
1-800 macros and talk turkey with the bed and consult the choose from the very best macros and even better prices.
You can rest easy this Thanksgiving knowing that everybody's sleeping with a big smile and their push in comfort.
So if you're ready for the holidays now by calling dial amatris at 1-800 macros, 1-800 MATT RES for dial amatris brand name beds,
same day service it's unbeatable, call them now and be sleeping like a baby tonight.
I am all this is between your prices. You way here.
And beat that jator meat.
Goats.
Goats are real and they exist.
They're all around us.
Some believe.
I'm communicating with goats.
How can they be explained?
People who believe in goats are only projecting their own desires.
Where do goats truly live?
It's all in the mind.
But was that what was what?
No. A motion to treat it will change your perception of goats.
Forever.
Sixty.
A stranger.
A ship.
A full of...
Goats.
Goats.
It's 11-18.
I want to make sure it was done.
At 5-60 W.Q.A.M.
So how does that bomb strike you?
I'm stricken.
In addition to what's the individual, I have no idea what the guy's name is or who he is.
But he's evidently somebody used to work in his market.
And his big fan of this show.
So what might just some idle chatter was preceded by a couple of phone calls.
The guy took the trouble of flying all the way down to Fort Lauderdale to meet with Norma.
And the only reason I'm saying about this on the years is because I'm not interested anyway.
I wasn't interested when I heard about it.
And probably should have been discussed with me before this meeting took place.
But nevertheless, that's not how Norma works.
He's got his own little agenda going on the side.
See what I'm saying?
Yeah, I see.
But isn't that interesting the timing all about that?
And it was Westwood Wands.
How do you like that, huh?
Speaking of that, Ventura reportedly near deal for MSNBC talk show.
The cable news channel MSNBC is close to signing governor Jesse Ventura as a talk show host.
After he leaves office early next year, the Wall Street Journal has reported a boy.
Are they desperate or what?
Yes, yes.
At MSNBC, they can't buy an audience.
If they gave people 100 bucks a minute to watch, they still couldn't buy an audience.
Oh, I still, I don't care what anybody says.
I like two to four.
I like Bill Press and Papu Cannon.
Even though I can't stand Papu Cannon's politics, it's a good show.
And even though they're a little rough around the edges as far as not being really broadcasted.
Does that make any difference anymore? No.
No.
Signing people familiar with the situation.
The journal said NBC News President Neil Shapiro.
Uh-oh.
Shapiro.
Hi.
An MSNBC President Eric Sorenson.
Uh-oh.
Hi.
Have been wooing Ventura and his agents at the William Morris Agency, Morris.
Hi.
Are there anybody left in this country that's not Jewish?
No.
Except the Puerto Ricans, of course.
Already irregular on MSNBC's political program, Hardball Ventura probably would be scheduled for prime time.
Maybe the 7 p.m. slot occupied by Phil Donahue, the journal reported.
Well, I hate to break the nose to the journal, but Phil Donahue is on at 8.
So maybe they're on central time, but I think the Wall Street Journal's published in New York on Eastern time.
Then amazing how, well, what is this from?
Where is this from, somebody who I appreciate getting this, but it's, uh, the star tribune.
Where the hell is that?
Uh-huh.
Some freaking newspaper that can't get their info right.
Well, I see probably as a Midwestern newspaper, which it would be 7 o'clock there.
Okay, we're sorry.
Ventura spokesman John Woodell said yesterday, last night, the only governor will not make any announcements about his private life.
Phil Lee, he's off his in January.
MSNBC executives could not be reached for comment last night.
And believe me, I believe it.
Equit his radio show here already announced that yesterday, which I didn't have time to get to that story.
He quit that and he's paving the way for being a TV star.
And maybe he'll like Don some of the wrestling garments in the middle of the show.
Right.
Tankton.
A little number on there.
I love this story from Shepherdstown, West Virginia.
Authorities in West Virginia charged a nude Bible reader with indecent exposure at the 49 year old woman has also been charged with disturbance of school and disorderly conduct.
Police say Barbara Harrison's clothes were in a pile beside her as she read from the Bible on the steps of a building at Shepherd College on Monday.
A police statement says there were people standing all over and there were classes going on.
The woman didn't say why she doff her clothing earlier in the day.
Campus police told her she couldn't preach unless she got permission from the school's student affairs department.
Maybe she was trying to have some student affairs.
Maybe that was it.
So she took off her clothes.
I guess that's a good way to get the attention.
Sure.
If you're trying to convert the flock, right?
Right.
Something to do with flock.
Seeing what these celebrities makes you most want to puke.
Rosie 101.
Big fat disgusting East Layton Rosie.
101 votes.
OJ 82.
He's right on a ranch.
He'll get you.
Oprah 33.
Pat Buchanan 30.
Roseanne Bar 28.
And quarter 26.
M&M 16.
Tucker Carlson with the silly vote.
He's got three.
He's got three.
Of course we don't see him that much anymore anyway.
Extra person.
Unless you got a real big screen.
You can't see the whole head.
That was bad.
When I pad.
No, I don't think it was bad because I don't feel sorry for him.
I don't like to see anybody with physical infirmities.
Anybody with bad health.
But in his case, I'll make a reception.
Can't stand him.
Here's Daytona Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Good morning, dear.
Yes, sir.
A couple quick unrelated comments.
I'm sorry.
I have to say something about this whole mold thing.
Hello.
He's exactly.
You know, this is all interesting.
Where does management play?
Doesn't anybody sit down to, hey guys, enough is enough.
And we need to do something here.
And I should sit back and let things happen as they come along here.
I'm the one who suggested the meeting and Louie's in a Bronx.
And it ain't going to happen.
Well, that's crazy.
Well, anyways, on an unrelated note.
This whole thing was the lot in the day, but all this is interesting.
You know, Bush wants to go Iraq and do all this kind of damage.
And here has been a lot and still out there floating around.
Yeah.
And nothing, you know, we just continue doing the same old thing.
And the worst part of the whole deal is now in this new message,
the recorded message that Al Jazeera played the other day.
Now, I've been a lot in the saying that he's, you know,
the first bomb that's dropped on Iraq.
It's going to stimulate him.
And if we do invade Iraq, if we do start La Bomba,
all we're going to do is give him an excuse to start his scrap up again.
I think I'm going to pack my bags and go back to Cuba.
Okay.
Stay careful.
I'll stay here.
He's going back to Cuba.
You want to know why?
Why?
Because the hotel's there.
I beg you.
And it's way better.
And it's way better.
Life as part of the Godfather.
That's what I had some kind of a mafia thing in here today that it was going to play the Godfather music behind.
And since I never even got to my pile, see, I feel a little bit bad about this.
You were teasing something about Tony soprano or something?
No, no, that wasn't the one.
Here it is.
I'm fumbling around to find a god damn thing because I got a really good pile of stuff.
But I don't know.
I don't think the audience wants to hear all that stuff.
You got to give him what they want, baby.
What they want is whatever we're doing, which I don't know what it is.
One of you arrested and organized crime bust in New York.
I know it's shocking that it could be organized crime in New York,
but that's what it said in New York.
And alleged captain, the banana organized crime families.
The 19 others have been arrested.
And connection with a multi-million dollar loan sharking and gambling operation.
The Manhattan DA announced yesterday.
Patrick de Filippo, the reputed couple of the de Filippo crew,
would charge again with enterprise corruption,
a felony punishable of the 25 years in prison.
Alleged banana soldiers, Immanuel Guarana, Anthony Frascone,
and John Spirito faced the same charges, along with Anthony Siano,
and Russell Truco.
Fourteen others including Guarana son and Frascone's mother,
were indebted on lesser charges, including assisting the criminal enterprise,
perjury and contempt, Semane Hatton DA, Robert, and Morgan Thoe.
Price secures alleged that de Filippo crew ran three-seller gambling rings
that brought in about 100 grand each month.
The associated loan sharking operation had hundreds of thousands of dollars on the streets
at Morgan Thoe, and took in more than a million dollars in interest per year.
At his two, Brute, at his two-cold.
Hope to get joined, George Bocca-Brion, Miguel and Carlos,
five to seven to seven to seven to treasure Island.
There will be specials on Cosmic Jelly, Jello, shot, Scorch, Quirt,
and two-girl-acto deuces wild to be performing.
That's five to seven to seven to treasure Island right off the Palmetto North of 120 Second Street.
So how do you like my bomba?
And Bocca-Brion discs, by the way.
Is it still sinking in?
Yeah, it's still us thinking in.
Here's Halendale. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you?
Good morning.
Good morning.
Went to Westland, Malia, but I thought I shared this little story with you.
Walked into Bird Dinesmen's department.
Went into, by me, a sweater, because I'm leaving town to Atlanta on Saturday.
Good.
And when I'm looking at the sizes, obviously they don't have my size,
because I have a weight problem.
I can't gain weight, unfortunately.
Really?
That's not the point here.
When I was going through the sweaters, I was looking in the rack there.
And in between, I looked inside and there was a man fondling his genitals.
And I was going to see Swami.
He squirted and hit my face.
Can you believe that, Neil?
No. No. No.
No, we don't.
Here's the fact that another one of your little people are, oh, we got to do the break.
I think that was a Bari Kwa.
It was a Bari Kwa.
And I was a reacon there on a phone.
And you know what it sounded like to me?
What?
Swishful thinking.
1126 and 560 WQN.
Am I doing the right spot here?
And I don't think I'm doing the right spot.
That's a bad move to be knocked out of the spot.
What did I do with the cup?
Oh, you want to know why?
See, that's bad when I get way ahead of myself.
I got the copy out here and then I covered it up with the facetus sent me.
Oh, no.
It's buried in there.
Hey, listen, if you're buried in a dead end job, the facts are simple.
If you have the dedication, fast-ranking gets you out of that dead end job
into one where you can make some real money.
Fast-ranking can provide you with the necessary training to become a certified computer professional.
And by the way, it's not bird-eins at JC Penney's, idiot.
According to Time Magazine, the man for computer professionals is going to continue to explode right in your face.
The average student completes the training in four short months attending school three nights a week.
Once you complete your certification, fast-ranking can help you in getting your new computer job.
Fast-ranking invites you to come in and visit the train career counselor
and determine which track is ideal for you, called Fast-Train Tool-Free,
at 1-866 Fast-Train is set up an appointment.
For our convenient locations waiting for you, you'll find them in Kendall,
Pembroke Pines for Lauderdale and Miami, so there's bound to be one somewhere nearby where you live.
Don't forget to ask the career counselor for list of students just like yourself,
or at least fairly close to you, who are currently in their dream jobs thanks to these folks,
and the great training they got at Fast-Train.
You got nothing to lose but that crappy dead end job.
Call them Tool-Free today, Fast-Train at 1-866 Fast-Train,
that's 1-866 Fast-Train or check them out on that web at fasttrain.com.
My, and local, your sports radio, 5-6-E,
Q-A-M.
Trangilando el pollo para acá.
F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F
F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F
F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F
A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A
F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F
A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A
F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F
F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F
F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F2A, F
A
here on the radio, you know, this is a very high paid radio show. It's not like yours
that's just a cash cow to get you a few extra bucks that nobody listens to.
Well, in the end, I'm getting promoted by you. I know that occasionally people will actually hear
what I have to say on the air. And it wasn't pan enough that I didn't hear about this guy from
Westwood one until already after the fact that you're playing Western meetings, which I wasn't
interested in anyway, which I told you and you can be with. Sure we do. No, we do. I already just
got through talking about it on here if you were listening to this show. I was listening, but you
have to give your agent the latitude to have some negotiations in the private quarters of power
You know something you and Moe would get along great because you're both legends in your own minds.
No, absolutely not. He's the one that's dropping bombs on you, not me. Yeah.
Unacceptable behavior by him that was followed by as you know, national news releases. Yeah.
And we're still waiting for the general managers response. Oh, I knew that because what I didn't hear
from me yesterday that what the message to me was that he never called you back like he promised he
would. That's our that's our general manager and you know where he probably is right now is
probably hiding under his desk. When the phone didn't ring, I knew the call was not from him. Exactly.
All right, continue having a great day. So where does that leave us?
It leaves us as the target of a fascist news network sniper is where it leaves us.
You were not even talking about them today. You better get with it. Okay, that's old news. That's last
week's news. You better get updated a little bit, mister. I'll do my best. Okay, get work on it. Look
out the window and see if the sun is shining. Get out of here. Boy, is she something or what?
And you notice he didn't call to discuss any of that with me. Call to discuss that fag show.
You know, it's one thing to be a fag norm. Believe me, I know all about it. I'm an expert. But when it
comes to being a professional fag, it's just I don't know. It's kind of like being a professional fag
hagg. You know what I'm saying? And I know my good friend Lynn, Lynn Sandals is probably listening
right now and I love her dearly, but she's a professional fag hagg. Which is her, you know,
she's entitled to be that. But you know, it's two list Taylorish. Do you ever see Lynn and
Lustela together? No, no, no, you mentioned it. Oh, I will say this that Matt Rudge is she's looking
a little bit more like Lustela every day, Miss Grudge. He's got a few pounds to put on. He's working
on it. 118 votes for Rosie speaking of putting pounds on. Oh, nobody wants to see her in that
cottage cheese yeast of hers, which is probably under her armpits too. And between La Caja folds.
And she never imagined anybody. Can you, oh, I mean, I got good news for you, by the way. Yeah.
I had a call yesterday. Let me give you 14 guesses who it was from. Norm. No, I would just hand them
on there. No, I didn't have no call from him because he's got no news because he's got about as much
clout with Greg Reed as you got as it was. Yeah, nothing on. And I'm not exaggerating. He is exactly
the same clout with him. By the way, did you get your new contract yet? No, but there was a voicemail
from Norm saying to call him after the show today. How do you like that? Well, you better make
them sure he's got that thing and writing in about 20 signatures on it because he is so
goddamn slow and getting this man to move. And I realize it's very difficult even to get the guy
to return your phone call because he's too busy hiding under his desk, asking the water not see if
the coast is clear and it's safe to come out yet. And the answer, by the way, Greg is no, the coast
is not clear and ain't safe to come out yet. You silly clown you. I'm telling you, what, what a great
thing it would be to be born into a lot of money. You know what? Oh, what a marry you know a lot of
money or it's just a marry into it. Or to be able to deny a bunch of people who think that the
radio broadcasters and like you're a genius and then and then just keep falling into a bucket of
crap. Every time you turn around, follow, oh, just fell in another bucket of crap again. Look at
this. I'm instant processed crap. So you got a phone call from Rimmer. No, no, I get a
rumor. I give up fat rich. Oh, how's he doing? He's doing great. Good. That's a good news. Any
of fat rich's friends out there? We've been a little worried about him because he was like blowing
up like a, yeah, I didn't talk about it all those months. I was, we were concerned, Derek and I were
very concerned. We go to the track and meet him and they were like practically had a carry
a man on a stretcher, but he's doing great now. Good. And come to find out that he was accumulating
all this water in his stomach, which he told me they take a needle, a syringe and they like
suck it out. Yeah, when did that suck it out? That's my model. But at any rate, that's what he said
that he's doing a lot better and all his swelling has gone down. He looks swell as what he said.
Nice to go, Richie. See you at the track, swollen baby. Aren't you happy to hear them
ecstatic? No, that's excellent news. He never has anything negative to say about you. No,
I love that, Richie. Which, quite frankly, he's about the only person I know who doesn't have
anything negative to say about you. Even your mom? No, she hates you all her. Yeah, then your friend
is getting better. But she still thinks you're a pervert. Oh, yeah. Well, what a giveaway.
And let's see who else? Who else do I know that? And of course, Rimmer, who never listens when
you're on, except he's got a log of every moment of every. And he's out of town anyway. He's in
Philadelphia. They probably listen on the internet, probably monitoring right now. Let me tell you
about something that you can pop right into your mouth. No, not that. I'm talking about Oliomed.
Oliomed Mediterranean Formals are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined
with good stuff in each capsule. There are vitamins, minerals, herbals, other nutrients and each
one is scientifically designed to help a different part of your health. For example, look for Oliomed's
three new formulas. They have one to help you sleep. There's one to help control your weight and
coq 10, which is one of the greatest things you can ever take for your heart. And all of these
products use the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil about the best that money can buy.
Oliomed is a great new product for your health. And you can pick some up today at public
secrets and Walgreens. If you'd like to find out more about what it does and how it works and where
you stick it, call their toll free number and answer your audio questions. No problem. Call 1866 Oliomed.
That's one 866 653663. You can also order their products online at oliomedamerica.com.
And if you're a nearest public and via Oliomed product and databroward, you can get you a coupon
for free Larry Coker Bobblehead dial while supplies last. Don't forget to visit their sampling
provision at sports time every Sunday with it offends or playing home games. Pick up free Oliomed samples
and prompt information today and start popping some in your push.
You're going to get a good job and be real rich.
Women's Liberation. Game creeping on across from the
nation. I'll tell you people I was not ready around. I caught this night by the name of
the
name.
So what went out and bought me a leisure suit?
I jingle my chains, but I'm still kind of cute.
Got a job doing radio promo.
And none of the jokes can even tell I'm a whole guy
If it's me and me and a friend,
So I'd have drifted along and say,
S&M, I can think about an hour on the tower of power
Along as I guess, so little boob, the shower of God
I am the American dream
Where the spindle of my blood till it makes me scream
And I'll do anything to get ahead
I'll see you in the night, say a thank you friend
Oh God, oh God, I'm so fantastic
Thanks to Freddie, I'm a sexual stash
And my name is Bob and Brown
Watch me now on Bound
And my name is Bob and Brown
Watch me now on Bound
And my name is Bob and Brown
Watch me now on Bound
I'm speechless.
How long has that been in the DCS?
Like three years since the first summer show I think
What you must have sneaked in there when I was away that summer?
I had no idea that was in there
You have any idea that's one of my all-time favorites?
No, I don't have any idea. I was listening to that in high school
And I was listening to that before you were born, Frank Zappa
I was listening to Frank Zappa before I was born
Exactly. This is one of my favorite favorites
I was like, you know, doing little surfing on the DCS to get some ideas for stuff to play that next hour
And I see Bobby Brown and Frank Zappa
And I said, you gotta be Schmidt and me, Mr.
Oh, we didn't have bits as you know in those days
Frank Zappa was as close as we could get to follow the town
I'm sure you had a 45-year
You've never mentioned that you like Frank Zappa
Oh, you gotta be kidding me
Chuck, you're never showing the effects
I can't stand the names of his kids
Well, not even Deweezle, not even Moon Unic, not even Ahmed
Ahmed
Anyway, in a rather unsavory move, I'm sorry
I can't, I can't, I keep having his very jack-ass art column in front of me here
It won't go away
I keep putting it off to the side and it keeps like moving back over right in front of me here
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line
We might take some requests for that new into one hour, the all comedy bit wins the hour
Which is it?
Well, that's common, just relax, I'm way ahead of you, okay?
I gotta, I might play Bobby Brown again four or five times
God, I love that
I love it
Here's Miami, hello
Hey, good morning, you
Yes, sir
I was up in Ohio all last week and that was surprised you went back up to Canada as cold as this
Well, that's wrong
Well, after the election, I don't blame you
I think this is a nice place to visit, but if you can stay to hell out of here, it'd be great
First of all, there was record breaking hot temperatures every day that I was there was like 90, 89
Every single day record breaking, heat and humidity
Which I hate like poison
That was there for a month, it was so deep pressing about it to blow my brains up
And so it's gonna be cold up here, big deal, so you put an extra coat on and it's like a real place
Yeah, cold weather's nice to visit
You know what, I get to listen to Bob and Tom every day
Great
They have a song called Dear Penis that will make you pee in your pants from laughter
I don't think you've heard what you mean, we'll make that clear
Yeah
I don't think I ever heard you play from them mostly, it's prison bitch, but you know people wore that out
Okay, great
Wait a minute, what is that under, George?
Because I don't have it in my DC, do you have it there?
Oh no, it's called a letter to my baby
Oh, okay, and it's coming up right after the break
Okay, and my favorite mohauer did
Yeah
I think the funniest one is the open Anthony one
Yeah, oh it's coming too
And mohauer reminds me of Wayne without the money
That's what he reminds me of
Wayne without Wayne I think of without the money
Okay
And overbearing smuck
See ya
Great to hear you now
Bye
Letter to my penis, right?
Didn't that something I just got through playing it a couple of days ago?
How about that?
Amazing
So his psychic powers kicking
There's one suggestion for us which is gonna be on
And also the sofa king
And what else did the morpheron here, Condoleezza?
5,6705,560
I mean, yeah
560 on the AT&T
Everybody loves that Condoleezza bit okay?
Don't think of it as no trash about that
Everybody loves it
We can't stop singing it in the shower on the bus on the tram
In the tea room, Condoleeta, give me a break okay?
Are you humorless right wing assholes?
Here's Miami, hello
Yes sir
How's it going?
All right
Yes sir
I just wanted to know
I see how you felt about it
But not in the same dark mess as you think
That had me subliminal messes to the sleepy self that he has up there now
I can't understand it, we're disguised Sam
Say it again
Good
What did he say?
He's talking about Osama and asking stupid questions
Get out of here okay, get back on a banana boat
Can we talk to some people who can speak English for Christ's sake?
Get back on a banana boat and get out of here
Before it's too late
God, it's his breaking news from Moscow, wait a minute
He do know that we had a briefing today with the deputy foreign minister
Oh get out of here, like everything is breaking news, breaking news
I'd rather be breaking dishes over this broad's head, breaking news
They're so hyper if they got everybody all whipped up into a bar frenzy over nothing
Just to try to get somebody to tune in to that crap
To see if Larry's suspenders are still holding up
Here's coconut creak, hello
Hey Neil, how's it going?
All right
Hey, could you help me out with something I was out of town for the stupid elections
But about that smoking ban, do you know anything about that?
Yeah past
Yeah, is that going to be like can I go to a bar now and not think like smoke or what's that?
Is it everywhere?
Everywhere you can't smoke outside in your house in the backyard
And the basement on an attic in the ceiling
And anywhere else either you get the electric chair, they're breaking it up again
That's good, when does that start? The first of the year?
Well, I guess, I mean, I realize what you're saying you don't want to be stunk up
But the fact is in a tourist area
I mean can you add you in Vegas, them saying, well we're going to make it a no smoking town?
No, I understand, I was just curious what the laws work
I got some smoking buddies and if we go out to a bar can they smoke or not?
And all depends on what they're smoking
Like if they're smoking what they're smoking in the coffee, houses and Amsterdam, that's okay
Okay, good
If you want to do 10 to 20
Good, good luck to you pal, roll it up and a hurled
Roll up a big fat one in the goddamn sunsendle
In fact, start lighting right where Tom's at his head is there
Little Tomy Jika, I'll say it again
And you notice how he just ignores us totally now?
Yeah, he's pouting like a little child
And I even admitted being a big man that I am admitting that many times I'm full of crap
I gave him my best shot, I liked all those bedtime stories and you guys lie a lot and say that you did too
I was riveted, even though I lied a lot and said he liked that stuff
You know, he lied to his teeth, that's big
But the fact of the matter is that's not what the audience wants to hear
Some fat old duck fag reading a bunch of very important and interesting and sometimes humorous
And they don't want to hear that, they want to hear this
Whatever this is, that's what they want
And I'm getting paid the same either way
And the best part of it is since I've been back up here and even when I was down there
I don't have to sit like hours and hours and hours over this computer like a goddamn hot stove or something
You know, who now needs that?
Get up in the morning, I look on, see what's in the sun, Centrel, a hero, I check out the major, you know, a USA today
And news day and the times and a few other, and that's it
And that's it, and Lensamil's, of course, my close personal professional, what is she?
Fag head queen
Don't be knocking Lensamil's, okay, she's okay, and I'll tell you if you knock her again, she's gonna sick at Grudge on you
And the last thing you want is to have him all over your ass
Believe me, and what was I just saying before that?
Something about Tom Jicke and littered in my penis
Yeah, I think the two of them were connected there
Come on Tom, there's major stuff going on in radio
And of course if you ever bought, if somebody would buy Tom Jicke a radio and send it to him with a Sun Centrel
Be a wonderful thing you can do for the holidays
Because Tom had a like pawn, his last radio, because things are getting really tough over there
Especially with him, spending all that money to send him to LA over and over again
So we can get wind and dine and keep writing those boring pieces about the goddamn new fall TV shows
Most of which are already canceled by the time it gets back to town
But you'll be pleased to know that either yesterday or today I don't want to check out it again
And the cooking show schedule again
Oh, it's going Tom, you're doing it
There's big major stuff going on in the radio market and he's going, mwah, mwah, like that
Just out of spite
What I started to say was I admit that he was right about that
He was wrong about where I do the show from
You don't have anybody calling him saying, oh gee, don't sound the same, he's up there in Toronto
We don't like the tone of the show and you want to know why because it doesn't make a goddamn bit of difference
There isn't a day that goes by that people don't say, you know something, it sounds like you're right here
In fact, you know something, maybe I am right there, how do you like that?
Oh look at that
I'll be put on
Look at that, there's a goddamn flamingo outside my window
Or it's a pigeon
In fact, there are more goddamn pigeons in my little patio out there
What floor are you on?
None of your business
Okay
Don't start asking questions what floor am I in?
You want the address?
You want me to give the phone number out on the ear?
I can say, I can say, I know where you are based on the address
I'm way up here, okay?
I'm way up in the ear!
Way up high!
If I took a leap baby that would have had splat like a goddamn pancake on your ass
Right, just like that
In a way that place is going to wouldn't surprise me for these days soon I might just do it
When I Greg Reed and charge, what a pozo man, what a nincompoop
Oh he's talking to this one's agent, he's talking to this one's agent
And you don't want to know why he talks to everybody's agent because he can't talk to us individually or together like adults
He can't do it, he can't look in the face
And deal with you like an adult so we have to go behind the scene and talk to this one's lawyer and this one's agent
Because he doesn't have the capacity to sit down and look you straight in a push
Because he's told so much bull crap that he doesn't have the balls to look you in the face
You follow what I'm trying to say?
What are you saying?
In other words, when you come right down to it he knows damn well
But the castaways wrote that song about him and all these misrepresentations about this billboard produced in this contract for this one
Yeah, right
Give me another pile of crap Greg, okay?
Smell the same as the last one
You know there's never been a better time to buy a new home or refinance you're resisting home
Did you know that?
How about this amazing rate only 3.95%
That's right financial group can offer you an unprecedented
3.95% but if you want to find out more about it you've got to make that call
Call financial group toll free at 1-800-940-L-E-N-D
That's 1-800-940-5363
The money you're going to save is absolutely unbelievable
Think about it you can get a hundred thousand dollar loan for only 450 bucks a month
Or a 200-thousand dollar loan for only 950 bucks a month
The process is simple you're going to save a crap load of money every year
So call our good buddies at financial group and get the info for yourself
I think you'll be pretty damn interested call 1-800-940-Lend
There's never been a better time to obtain a low interest rate than right now, right?
Hey, oh yes, so call financial group and you'll be on your way to save an a lot of cash
Financial group is an equal housing lender
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change
Call them toll free right this second before you forget 1-800-940-L-E-N-D
That's 1-800-940-5363
My and local this is 4.0560
The way it can way
Hi, this is Steve Goldstein
But you can call me Kelsey
Whenever I'm in town I listen to wait a minute I am in town
It's the 12th of one hour
Died
There paint
I don't think I like you anymore
You used to watch me shave
How you do stare at the floor
Don't there paint it
I don't like you anymore
I used to think you and me a paper towel and a dirty magazine
That's how it needed to get back
Now it seems things have changed
And I think that you're the one to blame
There paint it
I don't like you anymore
He sings
Me a writing
I don't think I like you anymore
Because when you get to drinking
He put me places I've never been before
There a writing
I don't like you anymore
Why can't we just get a grip on our man-to-hand relationship
Time to turn to truly how we feel
If we put our heads together
We'd just stay home forever in their penis
I don't like you after all
Oh and run me while you're shaving the shave my phone
Listen to me, this is stand by and stand for sofa king
Understand where everything is held to the high sofa king stand is
The selection isn't just huge, it's sofa king huge
Believe me you'll never shop anywhere else
And sofa king's price is not just low
There's sofa king low
You'll never find them anywhere else
Listen to me
When I say sofa king as a beautiful store
I mean sofa king beautiful
When I say staff is helpful
I mean sofa king helpful
Listen to me
Get to know the sofa king and enjoy a selection that's so fucking huge
A staff that's so fucking courteous and price is that a sofa king low
You'll never shop anywhere else
But don't take it for me
Take it from satisfied customer Frank and Stein
There's sofa king good
You said it Frankie
So fat king good
560 WQAM
Presents the OP and Anthony show with Mo Howard David
This is OP
And I'm Anthony
You're waiting today it's me with a low voice
Oh yeah you got the affected boy
Okay
Hi Anthony
Yeah hi, I hope he and let's not forget our old pal Mo Howard David
Yeah I was wondering how long we'd take for you to punch the girl around for me
Really at the big time huh
Here I am with the OP on Anthony
Hey Mo
What?
Take off your pants
Yeah we're gonna rape you now
You gotta be kidding me
This is a family show
Ah wrong
This is the golpe on Anthony show
Now come on
Strap
But you guys only get that in touch
Yeah hey get your hands out
Get out of there
Get out of there
Get out of there
That's my girl
Don't touch my delicate subtender
Why do you think everybody want a rape me
Life is we think it's funny that's why
Yeah
You got a nice hat
I got loose for you pal
I'm still spraying
Hi hi I'm Papa Roger
Oh
I got a stance tied OP
I want the red ball
I'm not for this
All right my open wide for chunky
Let's sing it together now shall we?
Okay
Open wide for chunky
All right that's right can Anthony
Okay
Yeah that's right
Yeah
Use your lips
No teeth
No teeth
No teeth
No teeth
You're not supposed to mean that
I really saw it
It's a basic guy now don't I
I'm for the kill
Yeah
Well done
Take it away now
What?
You're just going to leave me here
It will be right back
Un-560
I feel so used today
Excuse me sir
I'm with 560 WQAM
We'd like to know are you a sport home
Get them right I am
What's your opinion?
I mean what's your take
On the recent changes at WQAM
Well I'm glad that old Fag is gone
Because I want to hear sports all day
You know just real men talking all day about men
Now I know they got that Cuban filler
He's filling in but he talks too much about women you know
He's a straight guy
But I want to hear other men
Old-go-other men's firm buds and tighten on
Well that's what sports is all about buddy
Give me all sports radio
Where they old women all day
Give me all sports radio
I graph myself when I hear sports whole Saturday
Look how fast he can run
Look how fast he can do
That's the kind of man I'd like to hold
Give me all sports radio
For the man-live man
Who likes men
Welcome to another edition of Inside Life with Sport Home
Draced and nasal mist is our guest today
Yo, Dre, yo, what do you have to say about your admirers who are obsessed
And worship you in every way and base their intellect and entire existence on your ability to catch a ball
I don't know what I've been told but a big-legged woman ain't got no thought
What's your take on the over and under and the under of the over of the underwear?
I don't know what I've been told but a big-legged woman ain't got no thought
And what's your take on those rumors flying around that you're articulate enough to replace Michael Jordan on those MCI spots
And they say you're getting close to signing that contract
I don't know what I've been told but a big-legged woman ain't got no thought
Tell us more about your charitable work for underprivileged children helping to improve their mathematics skills through showing them how to properly weigh crack rock
I don't know what I've been told but a big-legged woman ain't got no thought
And we'll be back with more Inside Life with Sport Home
In theaters now, Star Wars Episode 1, The Banzou Studios, Shirley Skywalker, Larry One, Kenobi and Mo2D2
Oh, my God!
Hello, my God!
Oh, my God!
Star Wars, The Banzou Studios!
I think they're the sidelines fans
Susan Powder, you know her as the loud ball-headed infomercial queen with a bikini-wax job
Okay, okay, I was fat but my ex-husband is a jerk
Now she's back with a new self-help tape that helps you deal with the jerks of the minis
You gotta eat, you gotta breathe, you gotta swear
Come on, you gotta start the abstinence
Susan, wait, hold up!
What I need to say is, you gotta start the f***ing abstinence
Susan is back through it all and she knows how to deal with it
Every morning I wake up, look in the mirror and say,
Oh, the hell's gonna f*** with me today!
She's just like you, but she's making a lot more money
I'm just a housewife who figured it out
If you save your f***ing head, wear tight f***ing clothes and get 8750 for a video, you'll make a s*** lot of money
Learn how to deal with life in the 90s with Susan Powder's newest video, Start the Obscenities
What the f*** happened to my hair?
A valuable wherever stupid ass f***ing is like you by s*** like this
QA app is proud to bring you the WQAM School of Broadcasting
Yes, you too can have an illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio
If you follow our curriculum, the course is free
Of course you'll work for free
Go a 1-800-1-A-B and speak to our director of education, Mr. Lenny Marges
So, do you want me a boy test out?
A boy test out?
Yes
So, what do you want me to do?
Well, do you want me to say news?
New news!
New news!
New news!
New news!
New news!
New news!
New news!
New news!
How to take your wallet away?
You need help!
Here we have the Zorro's Beginners course!
We, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we
we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we both lived and Alzheimer's. That lived and Alzheimer's. That material work that society lives in, that practically, effort to, to man it runs from, and all of this and everything and stuff since birth, finals, consolidates, and everything along fala, digital awareness, concentrates, concentrates selber poster, participates Bookface and the country lives on these topics, watching the things that I need to write up for az picture, stay tuned for YouTube, stay tuned for YouTube. My 53!月lIVE!
And I never have wanted to repeat it,
and I never did it.
In jungle in this world,
and his goki won't know about.
Yes, it's the wonderful world of radio.
Ah, radio.
Where you can hear your own voice.
Let the WQAM School of Broadcasting provide you with the essential tools you'll need
to make your wet radio dreams come to a world.
I mean a one-quam-twin.
With music.
Love and afternoon at 560 WQAM.
Here's the big breaking news.
Iraq accepts you at a resolution and they follow it right up on their president pushed
threatening military action.
How dare they agree with that?
What a shock.
He's probably pissed off and fired up.
Oh, no question.
Well, that's from him anyway.
You know, lip was quivering.
Let's put waste in time.
We want to get that hose hooked up to the oil pump.
Speaking of a hose job.
So anyway, who's this from Faxor-Teddy and Kendall?
Well, one out of two ain't bad, Teddy.
He wants to hear because he says he's always asking you for on my own grand plan.
I refuse to play it because.
And so do I.
But he wants your key.
Torres and that's not too bad.
I'll play that.
One out of two ain't bad, Teddy.
Take whatever you can get.
And I'll tell you one thing.
If you don't have too much hair on your head, take my advice.
It's free.
And that is called my good buddy Charles Alfieery because Charlie, when it comes to hair, he knows it better than anybody in the world.
That's what it's all about.
He's the hair man.
And he's been helping guys famous and infamous and shleppers look their best for over 25 years for a coon's age.
Because Charlie's natural hair line system is the best in the world at any price.
And it's 100% undetectable.
And that's the key.
There's every kind of hair piece out of the sun.
There's those stupid pills you take and that wait for about six months to a year.
And either you'll die first and maybe grow one new follicle.
And then of course, they're the silly mouse you look in pieces that look like a farm animal just absolutely collapsed on your forehead.
And then there are the holes in your head that had the blood dripping down your forehead while you're getting all worked up.
Forget about that.
Get yourself a natural looking head of hair with Charles Alfieery's natural hair line system.
And if you call today mentioning a large user getting 200 out of this gun off the regular price too.
So the price is right.
The hair looks great.
What do you got to lose beside that big ugly bald spot?
And don't forget Charlie also services and repairs all kinds of hair systems.
Why and you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks and makes him look a lot better usually too.
Even look what he did for Bob Eisenberg.
I mean, this is a guy who still don't look all that good.
But at least his head looks so lot better.
Because this is a guy we all used to laugh at.
Like, take a look at that.
Oh my god, are you kidding us?
And I was head from the eyebrows up to look too bad.
And you also get Charlie's 30 day guarantee.
If you don't love the way your hair looks and feels and smells.
If you're not getting ahead at least 10, 20 times a day,
Charlie will give you a full refund.
No questions asked.
So make that call today and get your hair back.
1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413.
Or log on to the website Charles Alfieery.com.
I am the local of this 6516.
The radio is all yours.
You and...
Hi, this is Fleet from the area's newest car dealership, Fleet Taurus.
Our lot is jammed with a fleet of Fleet Taurus's H1
completely carpeted for your comfort and all of our Fleet Taurus
are available in a wide variety of colors.
Franging from brown to red all the way to hot pink.
The Fleet Taurus handles in all kinds of weather.
From hot and dry to cool and wet.
Stop in for a test drive and experience that new Fleet Taurus smell.
And when you buy from us, we'll hand buff your Fleet Taurus
until you're satisfied.
Fleet Taurus is the more shake of better your driving.
Whoop!
Hiya, Polly!
I'm sorry, I'm waiting to see in there.
Don't look okay, I'm making.
Please close the door, will you?
I can't!
Don't go looking in the door.
I spread my legs when I slap.
My cheeks are touching the floor.
Don't want nobody to see me like that.
I'm reading the paper in the handicaps door.
Please don't come in.
Beasts in Galdi, Mark and Joe.
Who had tongueies?
I have tongueies.
They call us!
Regan or Hays?
That's disgusting.
Mad York, Kim.
Hiya, hiya.
I can't close the door.
Because I can't see.
All right.
Don't go looking in the door.
I'm dropping twigs in the well.
Please don't turn around.
Try to ignore.
I thought you'd do slow.
I'm in here making.
With my pants on the floor.
Next to my chin.
Finally done.
I hit Bob broke.
I hit Bob broke.
I can't get up.
It's not there.
It's not there.
It's not there.
Hailey.
One, two, three, four, five.
Come on over honey now.
Come and take a drive to my big house.
In Chaplin, Qua, we can both get juice and maybe a little Panama.
My wife is on business.
She's out for a week.
I'm like a kid in a candy store.
It's time to cheat.
I have pretzels.
Hot dogs, cold beer and pizza.
You remember little bit when you're leanin' to Tarot pizza.
It's gonna be a wild time at my home in New York.
Just to meet the early cheapest I can sport.
Unzip my fries all good.
Come on over honey now.
Blow on my trumpet.
A little bit of Monica in my glass.
A little bit of Monica without my wife.
Now a little bit of Monica's what I see.
When she's far away, that's a little bit of rain.
A little bit of Monica's what I need.
A little bit of Monica, that more means.
A little bit of Monica, here I am.
A little bit of you, I'm a happy man.
Oh, yeah.
It's a little bit of you, but it's a little bit bad.
Because you know the sale of my fries are full.
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
I can't even have little glaze.
We're selling around really low.
I didn't do that with my knife or my mouth.
I was like, we're selling around a man.
And he said, what the hell are you doing?
You know what I'm gonna call that?
You know, I'm just saying, what the hell are you doing?
I didn't do another thing.
So what I love to do is I can't do anything.
You know what I mean?
Oh, me too.
You know what I mean?
So what's up with you?
I didn't do that.
I'm running back in the van.
I didn't do that with my wife, my uncle.
So I was gonna have to go to my house.
You know what I didn't do.
Because they know how far they're going to my house.
They know what I'm doing.
They know what I'm saying.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm doing something.
I'm doing something.
I'm doing something.
I'm doing something.
I'm doing something.
I'm doing something.
I'm doing something.
I'm doing something.
I'm doing something.
I'm doing something.
I'm doing something.
I'm doing something.
I'm doing something.
I'm doing something.
I'm doing something.
I'm doing something.
I'm doing something.
I'm doing something.
I'm doing something.
I'm doing something.
I'm doing something.
I'm doing something.
I'm doing something.
I'm doing something.
I'm doing something.
Who's your boss?
Who's your boss?
I was on the other guy's ballet.
Who's your boss?
The Republican guy.
Oh, no, man.
Yeah, I know.
I'm sorry.
Today I didn't want to break.
Which one did you go for?
I'm not going to get into it, taddy.
You'll freak out on me, OK?
Not...
No way!
Yeah.
That ho-dee freak!
Who's your one, he's specific!
Which is me, man.
I'm not going to argue both.
Where has he been?
from CNN? Ted Turner, yes. Oh man, you voted for
people. I voted for Ted Turner. Dude, what?
You just send the police right into my pad. I, why don't you
give them my phone number and it's right. Chad, and let them
come over. Dad, kill me. Man, you are going to elect the
thought police. Chad, this wasn't a presidential election.
This is a primary, okay? I didn't have a chance to vote for
the other side. Give me the chance to vote for the other side.
What? My pal, Rick voted for a Nazi. I knew this would be, I
didn't vote for a Nazi.
Let's go survive. Roy. Let's go survive. Let's go survive.
Come on. Let's go survive. Let's go.
Everybody's so loud.
Well, there's a few words here, but I forgot them because I spoke too much.
I, I, I, I, I was allowed to lose. And everybody out there was smoking
Oh
Oh
At the time
You can pension you can drop it you can squeeze it you can fly by that part. Oh
You can throw it you can throw it you can even roll it in the pot
You can sit and read the comments you can scroll and you can comment at the pot
Let's go to the pot
Let's go to the pot
Let's go to the pot
Let's go to the pot
Let's go to the pot
Oh you can take a tampon keep a bus and tell us not to come down at the pot
And you can dump your goldfish when they're dead and all sit down in the pot
You can miss the evidence when the cops are breaking in that at the pot
Where let's go to the pot
Oh right let's go to the pot
Okay
Let's go to the pot
Let's go to the pot
Oh
Let's go to the pot
Go
447 votes on a poll today which means as well
We've seen what city's always makes you want to puke the most and head right to the bowl
447 votes Rosio Donalds. She's pulled away 149 for old Rosie
OJ 98 he just can't keep up over 38 and quarter 37 pad to cannon 37 Rose and bar 32
M&M 20 Tucker Carlson 14 Madonna 12 Jerry Lewis 6 and Bob Novak 4
I guess most of our people don't know who the hell that is Bob Novak
Exactly 1227 at 560 WDQM D to lights of West Boca for all you atkins people out there
You know you go to your regular supermarket and there are maybe like you know a half of a shelf
That's got a few diet products on it and a few low carb this and that forget about that do your shopping at the lights of West Boca
Because the entire store is dedicated you people try and desperately to lose that unhealthy that grotesque fat
And now they got a brand new selection of low carb cookies just came in at the lights and they're all delicious
They've got 14 different flavors
There's peanut butter, chocolate, chip, lemon, coconut and lots more all sugar for your low carb
Stop by the lights and sample any of their products in the store you can try it before you buy it and see if you like it
Check out their new low carb bread it's called simply low carb bread
Spread some of the new one new but jam on it and you've got a great low carb breakfast
I think I got to play that thing too you know it
Okay, that's to be well, what do you mean okay?
Sounds good to me
And don't forget as your official atkins diet retail center do you lights of West Boca sells every atkins brand product
25% off today, tomorrow a week from Sookas, two years from my new year's day every day
You've heard the reports on the atkins diet more and more people continuing to believe it and lose weight on it
And it can probably do the job for you too
You lights of West Boca they got a friendly knowledgeable staff to lead you down the garden path to good health
They're open daily 10 to 10 every day
Seven days a week on the corner of glazed in 441 in Boca
Call 1-877 low carb or check them out of that worldwide wicked web at lowcarb.com
I know that the Lord even loves neo-roder
Now how the clikens spent their first night in Chapacua
I'm getting high
I'm getting no worry about it just back
Coming I'm coming I'm coming
How there
Well hello Mr. President I'm Sarah Rubin
Yes you are
Yes my family lives in the Victorian house across this tree
It's a very nice house and you have very nice legs
Well thank you sir and welcome to our little town of Chapacua
Hope your family will enjoy living here
I think I will
My daughter, a man then I have been to this little welcome to the neighborhood
Is her family recipe for pineapple upside down cake
I like to take your pineapple anyway upside down, sideways
Thank you Mr. President
Bye-bye, Bobbin
Bobbin Bobbin
No it was just a lady from next door
That's all
Bobbin Bobbin Bobbin Bobbin Bobbin
I said I'll get it just sit down and shut up
What are you boys?
Oh there are boxes over there
But I can't believe it
Well hello
Hello Mr. Clinton I'm Elaine Crippkin
Just keep your voice down are you the escort?
No sir
I'm sorry Mr. Crippkin
Look at how I do you for
I just wanted to welcome you to the neighborhood
Well the escort is not here yet
It's if you want to jump on a little Charlie
No sir
Alright well I'll sleep later I will eat
Oh whatever you're naveled
No it's just another neighbor
You didn't make some food or what
Oh sweet Jesus
Hey the Thorbells going crazy
I got it I got it I got it I got it
Great Caesar's Ghost
Hi Billy! It's Lee Monica
Good got all mighty
What do you think of my new bond?
What are you doing here?
What the hell's next door with my kitty crank money?
Oh my God
We'll be seeing a lot of each other in the year 2000
No!
Hey baby I'm feeling kinda hungry
What's along?
Come here daddy I'm gonna pick you up from a nickel sandwich
Very good nutrition
By the man's love
He'll feel you're building myself
To play basketball
When you need some bread
And you want something better
But you're clever
Steady wonder breath away
It's Steve you wonder bread
It's Joey Wapet
Get out of here
This one, let all you people know
How a stoner feel
You know
We're real high
But you ask the brownies
Look at that pot so glorious
And they ain't denial of this curious
So I asked my mom for some cannabis
And told people it's too long to bus
Then my friends can love the pot
Every day you're in town
We just can't stop one
They were even tote up for the cop
Go get a big fat hook up
Say I plant my seeds
See seeds for my weed
We'll be with shit we'll free
Gonna roll it again
Say I plant my seeds
See seeds for my weed
We'll be with my bang
Let me smoke fat fun
They will be
That bomb of bomb bomb bomb
I love it when I smoke a bomb
Just like she can choke
Yeah, yeah
That bomb of bomb bomb bomb
Look at that pot so glorious
And they ain't denial of this curious
So I asked my mom for some cannabis
You just smoke before it's too long to bus
Then my friends can love the pot
Every day you're in town
We just can't stop one
They were even tote up for the cop
Go get a big fat hook up
Say I plant my seeds
See seeds for my weed
We'll be with shit we'll free
Free free
Gonna roll it again
Say I plant my seeds
See seeds for my weed
We'll be with my bang
Let me smoke fat fun
Okay
They will be
That bomb of bomb bomb bomb
I love it when I smoke a bomb
Just like she can choke
Yeah, yeah
That bomb of bomb bomb bomb
Hey, Timmy, man
Yeah, you pass them right over here
Oh, yeah
That's so good
Welcome back to the highly rated moh
How are the David and the show
Putting Tomayo's
Travegation
Okay, stupid, where will we?
We were doing this
Oh, yeah, sorry mo
That's better
All wrong day
Chris
I can see you can play that death
Okay
Wrong day
Can I have you?
Chris
Carler
Yeah, I'm wrong
Wrong day
It's me
Not that's it
Not on my watch, you punk
Okay
Wrong day
He's up with you
Wow
Put the kung fu grip
Sorry moh
We got one of our three very important callers
On the line here
WQAM, what do you want?
Can we let you more
I just...
You're alive, can I spit it out?
What you can do?
Wrong
You know, to say the goddamn thing you're saying
What are you doing?
I'm playing with my very poker
Molly and Dom
Oh, that's quite understandable
Why, I sometimes...
Help me out
Here we are
Yeah, you'll be...
Ah!
Oh, yeah
Got me told
Almost there, say something
All right, baby
All right, baby
All right, baby
All right, baby
Help me, all right, baby
Help me, all right, baby
All right, baby
Oh, yeah
Oh, all right
Look at that
I got it all over my way
21,000, well, one at five, 60 WQA
I got the mad dog
Coming up at one o'clock
Hank is a three...
Without, what's his name?
I were a wind him in
Hank 3 to 7 to 4 hours all by himself
Oh my god
Can that be for real?
That was funny
Shit, go Panther preview at 7
A Panthers and a Flyers and fill that out for you 7-3 tonight
Eddie K from GA after the hockey game
And Joe and Mark
overnight
Don't forget, join the guys
See, you got so many people going to be there
That takes like half an hour to read the promo
Yeah
Join the guys
Join, uh, what is your name again?
Oh, and...
Join Fagidorin and all his other episods
Five to seven at Treasure Island this afternoon
And there'll be some abroad, uh, two broads
From Dush's wild performing and doing the magic tricks
Doing it
Five to seven to seven
This afternoon at Treasure Island
Right off the Paul Metinorth 122th Street
Mostly by request today, you notice how many requests we had?
Yes
All pretty good stuff too
Not the usual same old tarred retread stuff
But some pretty good stuff
Including a couple of requests from Mothnoles
Wow
Pretty amazing
I told you he's the only one in the station
In management position involved in the show
The rest of them are like
MMMMMM like that and of course grace while hiding under the desk
What am I gonna do?
What am I gonna do?
I don't know Greg, you made the mess now
You clean it up sweetheart
20 to 1 to 560 WKM
And speaking of that, what a great segue in the dry concepts
Well, I'll tell you
You spill crap in a carpeting
And even if you have the best carpeting in the world like I do
I've got pretty good carpeting in my house
But boy, you spill a bunch of crap on it
Or maybe you got a...
Dog or a cat or a...
Cockatoo, whatever it is
And you got some nasty schmutz and of course people walk on it and grind it into the carpet
It looks like hell
And with a holidays coming, all those guests gonna come and peruse your house and check every looking cranny to make sure that you're not a slob
You're gonna have one have dry concepts come into your home
And make those carpets look like brand new
And just about anything else that needs some cleaning, look new too
And how do they do that?
They dry clean them
That's that exclusive patent and method
You can be more about it on their website at dryconcepts.com
And what a job they do
They make even a nasty is looking carpeting
Look and smell lemony fresh just like brand new
They're drying a couple of hours and boy you'll just be amazed
And they give you a guaranteed written price before they start doing their sensational job
And dry concepts all super not invetable job
But cleaning your furniture and drapery
Spot dyeing, fiber protection, carpet repairs, infant or a rock service for your precious flying carpets
The authorization and complete water damage restoration if you ever flood
They do just such a great job
I've been using them in my home for over 20 years
And everybody I know, all my relatives, all my enemies and friends and everybody else uses these folks
And you'll use them forever too once you use them the first time
Call them toll free from anywhere and let them do their amazing masterful miracle on your floor
Call 1-800-248-5071
1-800-248-5071 clean today, entertain tonight
And like I said, it's not just their slogan and dry concepts, it's their business
C9 and roll
This is full 20 or pricey
You way, yeah
Okay, a little interruptus here on this fax you just sent me
Yeah
You notice how sharp they are? I appreciate the interest in reconcuring the audience
But it says, oh, the BONG song that Schmidt was free, nobody checked right in careful moment might be listening
See, listen to it again and you'll notice that he's saying and we were concerned about that too in the beginning
The beast says, wish it was free
Wish it was free, okay?
So listen to it again, check it out, sift through the seeds, get the seeds out of there
Roll a big fat one, have a nice day
Get the honey, Junior
We might present that honey work in this room
Can I get some service over here?
Anyone work in this apartment?
Ever have times when it feels like 2000 shoppers are looking for bargains inside your head?
When that happens, reach for the pain relievers specially formulated for shoppers headache
New extra string, Tyler Mall
T-Y-L-E-M-A-L-L
Tyler Mall
Each Tyler Mall template is shaped like a miniature orange Julius stand
It is twice as effective as a squad of mall police
Just two Tyler Mall create an artificial atmosphere inside your stomach and help you shop for hours without real air or natural sunlight
T-Y-L-E-M-A-L-L
Extra strength, Tyler Mall from the makers of K-Mart Plantage
The first time I've seen a lot of people in the past, I've been a little bit nervous
I've been a little bit nervous, but I'm not sure if I'm nervous
I've been a little bit nervous, but I'm not sure if I'm nervous
I've been a little bit nervous, but I'm not sure if I'm nervous
I've been a little bit nervous, but I'm not sure if I'm nervous
I've been a little bit nervous, but I'm not sure if I'm nervous
I've been a little bit nervous, but I'm not sure if I'm nervous
I've been a little bit nervous, but I'm not sure if I'm nervous
I've been a little bit nervous, but I'm not sure if I'm nervous
I've been a little bit nervous, but I'm not sure if I'm nervous
I've been a little bit nervous, but I'm not sure if I'm nervous
I've been a little bit nervous, but I'm not sure if I'm nervous
I've been a little bit nervous, but I'm not sure if I'm nervous
This is my third record
I'm gonna stop singing this song because I'm hot
Hey, it's good baby
I'm singing this whole thing wrong
Yeah, cuz I'm hot
Bring it back, bring it back, bring it back
And if I don't spill one cup, I'm a wild one
Yeah, pick cuz I'm hot
Cuz I'm hot
Cuz I'm hot
Are you ready?
Yeah, yeah, yeah
I'm hot
He really is hot
I'll tell you one thing, Wednesday without the noon to one hour Wednesday without the afro man is like leaving their house without your silver piece on you know it
It's bad. See the theme we're developing here in this last hour? Yeah, I did notice and I'll tell you one thing the Schmidt up here is really good. I mean
9 minutes till one at five sixty WQM. We got the mad dog coming up at one o'clock and Hank at three with a full four hours today of
Merrimant and entertainment then we got the Panther game that I put in and played some lot of points but pretty boring to be honest with it
Tom layman's not a boring guy. He's pretty exciting. In fact, he's one of the most highly motivated people I've ever met in my life
And loves the people listening to the show and all of us even the houseboy loves you
Which is why he's gone. I've made me someday alive the George Rodriguez deal going on down there
The harma getting the hard nut. What's your name hard on the thagodorn the fat thagodorn hard on deal anyway
It's the new Rogers deal right now at hell of Pontiac save extra big dollars and all Pontiacs and GM seasons stock just mention my name or George's name or heart
Harma what is it? Armageddon and you get special savings at hell of Pontiac
13411 South Dixie highway that's US one right across from the falls where they've been going strong and doing people right for over
35 years now right now as I'm speaking every vehicle is marked with what is supposed to be the lowest price but if you mention the
Orages deal they'll even not semester off and save even more you sure take a look at that the great envoy voted
Motor by motor trend is the SUV of the year and the fancy shmancy all new vibe SUV that's got the power of a big expensive sports car
And it's pretty damn good but ain't no Corvette. Halas also got a great selection to appendible pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs and credit
Forget about it even if you got the worst credit in the face of the globe even if you have worst credit than the beesleaves makes no difference because they'll make you the deal at hell of Pontiac
Don't forget 13411 South Dixie highway US one right across from the falls open every day seven days a week you can call them at 305-238-4040 and say what's this deal deal all about?
305-238-4040, hell of Pontiac GMC will be pro-fessional grade
I
You know I
In the media I see more trouble with
It's so hard to believe
Slavery in a fact
Raced
Make
Your
Santana you've heard him play his Grammy performance with Rob Thomas and on the latest hit with Michelle Branch
Everybody wants Santana on their song so we've compiled a CD collection of every artist Santana has ever played with like M&M
Good Dixie chicks
I
But jelly
It's Santana's wix for everyone CD including unreleased tracks from Carlos and
John Tess but someday your journey will end
Yes, he's a guitar playing whore who will play with anybody except of course Kelly Clarkson
No way man Santana's wix for everyone order now and receive a personalized bonus track where Santana plays your very own birthday song
Happy birthday
Here's
Come now the mad dog is out of control and you'll find out why when you hear the latest release from Blackpuster entertainment
Jim Mandage sings duet
Well
Here's a mad dog
Oh
Right
I like it
We got time to do the poll real quick sing which of these celebrities makes you most want to puke rose you don't want 63 OJ 105
Oprah 44 pat if you can't at 44 rank order 39 rose and 37 MN 23 Tucker Carlson 15
Madonna 12 here we lose seven Bob Novak 5
Bye bye
Daniel Roger show I'm five six
Don't you play at Miami for learning my country we have no need grows
