I don't have a clue.
No Star Wars hiding a lot more than guns.
They say their weapons are mass destruction.
I say recently a couple mega-tuns bombing a riot.
All right.
In the Gulf War, letting off the war.
I think it's time to give this butter wool.
So it's time to load those P1s up on their own.
On their own till there's nothing left to see.
On their own till Santa's six feet deep on their own.
Blow up the creed, lie here up.
And let's face God's trust and never lose the burden.
I love him upon his gun.
If we land the prayer, we're gonna be wet.
We can't let our best friends want me dead.
I'm here up and bring it to an end.
I'm here up and blow him up again.
I'm here up and I'm on seeing it.
I'm here up.
This portion is gonna speak about Iraq to the UN.
What did I say last week?
9-11 baby.
Now, Chani out there rattling the savers and the spears and making all these pronouncements.
And now, in fact, I'll get to the story in a second.
I'm going to be the model.
Every time we have an operation desert storm, we come up with some cute name for it.
I'm just thinking, I can see it now.
I can see all the flags waving.
Can you see that?
Former Columbia Deacon convicted of molesting girls.
A former Deacon first baptist church in Columbia, South Carolina.
A wishland county.
The next day, you're a return to the verdict against John Hubner and all six counts of child fondling at 1215 today.
How is that possible?
All at 1215 this morning.
They were sure they were sure been a video working in midnight.
1215 this morning following 11 hours of deliberation.
Circuit Judge James William sent in sub-Nurf 54 West Columbia to 36 years in prison.
The incident occurred six times in 1996 and seven, mostly at the church.
The Lexington County woman is now 18.
She cried in a victim advocate's arms as the verdicts were read.
Hubner showed no emotion as the verdicts were read.
One of his grown daughters cried and his wife appeared to be praying.
How do you like that?
I like it.
There is a great life.
I don't want to go into it because I have to leave the whole rest of it to give that point.
But he wanted to leave it behind him.
He wanted to leave it in his behind.
At any rate, girl turned dies after collapsing a tackle football practice near Chicago.
A 10-year-old girl who played on the tackle football team died after collapsing during practice.
Taylor Davidson, the only girl on her team, collapsed after non-contract girls on Friday and died three days later.
The Cook County Medical Examiner's office, Rule Netter Death, was caused by blunt trauma that led to a clot on the surface of her brain.
A spokesman for the office said she had been hit during a full contact practice early in the week.
What's a little girl doing playing a tackle football anyway?
I don't know.
See golf, you just go out there and you whack the ball around.
So, die golf, I have no problem with it.
But little girls playing the tackle football, I have a problem with that.
And so did she, obviously, but too late now.
Two hundred and three votes on a pool.
I don't even give them the results too late around because he's loading it up again at idiot.
You know what I'm talking about?
She had it.
I know.
The pool anchor, he's yanking it fast and furious today.
Is it us going to really piss Neil off?
I don't care.
I don't care.
In fact, call off mode tomorrow morning and tell him, oh, you see that, that Faggot's pool yesterday?
Everybody knows and agrees with you.
We don't want no women in there in Augusta.
You see that?
Even his own audience don't agree with that crap.
And by the way, while we're at it, give it a tiger until we don't want no sparsches.
We don't want no Taiwanese.
We certainly don't want no Faggot's in there doing.
And Augusta and the South God forbid.
What if they're white Faggot's?
Well, if they're good old boys.
Rommasfeld hints at Iraqi New evidence.
The Bush administration has secret information supporting its claims that Sodom who's saying poses an unacceptable threat to the world and is close to developing nuclear weapons.
Secretary of State Donald Rommasfeld said yesterday.
President Bush could disclose the information through upcoming congressional hearings on Iraq.
Rommasfeld hinted that a Pentagon news conference, Democrats on Capitol Hill urge Bush to be more forthcoming.
I think most Democrats believe the President yet to make the case for taking action in Iraq.
Senate Majority Leader Tom Dachel told reporters.
Bush plans to discuss Iraq in a White House meeting day with type Republican Democratic leaders from both houses of Congress.
Rommasfeld also scheduled to discuss Iraq and the war on terrorism in separate closed-door sessions with members of the House and Senate.
Both Rommasfeld and Secretary of State Colin Powell dismissed Iraq's latest offer, relayed by Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tarek Aziz.
Don't you hate him?
Yes.
The moment that little mustache is gone, I can't stand it son of a bitch.
You know something?
I think he's related to Greg Reed.
Never be a good pull.
Who's the bigger liar?
Tarek Aziz or Greg Reed?
Tarek Aziz.
I vote for Greg.
They dismissed the offer to let UN weapons inspections resume suggesting it was just a ploy.
It's the con that the Iraqi regime and especially Mr. Tarek Aziz has been pulling on the international community for years, Paul said.
He's been pulling it.
Aziz said Iraq was willing to discuss the return of weapons inspectors, but only if sanctions ended and Iraq regained sovereignty over all its territory, eliminating no fly zones greater than 1991-Gal4 and a fourth by US and British warplanes.
What an offer, huh?
Yes.
We can't refuse.
If you want to find a solution, you have to find a solution for all these matters.
Not only pick up one certain aspect of it, Aziz said the international development conference in Johannesburg, South Africa.
We're ready to find such a solution.
And it goes on, Paul said this and Paul said that and they booed the hell out of them and they were carried out like crazy.
They carried out like lunatics, all the protesters.
And right on the heels of that, of course, see this is going to change once they give us all that information, assuming they either have it or they can make it up.
Right.
Well, I mean, they're going to have to say something to get public support and support from some of our allies.
We sure as hell can't go it alone.
I mean, we could, but that would be, that would be an active suicide. That would be lunacy.
Yeah, we would never do that.
Next Wednesday.
Okay.
Paul, support for attacking Iraq slips this into Boston Globe. Americans divide it over effect on terrorism risk.
Public support for attacking Iraq has dropped over the last month to its lowest level since the war on terrorism began since a new poll.
And the public is divided on whether or not such an attack would create a greater risk of terrorism.
The ABC News poll taken for a nightline showed that 56% favor military action against Iraq down from 69% early in August.
And it indicated that about four in 10, 39% now support military action against Iraq, even if US allies are opposed down from 54% last month.
The drop in public support comes as the Bush administration's increasing efforts to rally support for action and as some leaders in both parties have expressed reservations.
The poll of 504 adults was taken Thursday last week and as an air margin of plus or minus 4 and a half points.
The poll also found that just over half the public 52% approves of the way the president pushes handling the situation with the wreck and its leader president who said I'm who's saying that's far lower than Bush's overall approval rating, which ranges in the 60s and is handling of the war on terrorism, which has about 70%.
7 and 10 believe the West is headed toward war with Iraq and 8 and 10 said Bush should get authorization from Congress first.
People were split on whether attacking Iraq would create a greater risk of terrorism at 40% or if not attacking Iraq would create a greater risk at 47%.
When the same question was asked about taking military action against terrorists, people said not taking action was a bigger risk by margin of 73 to 15. No crap.
Let me say it again. So far the war on terror as they say is I think been pretty weak. When you agree, weak, inept, what has that accomplished?
Well we got rid of the Taliban. We got a new regime in there. We got a new puppet regime in Afghanistan but that's about it.
Okay. And are you aware of the fact that a lot of the women are putting the Berkis back on? No I didn't know that.
And I forgot I never got a chance to get to that story yesterday but one of the hot shots there has in the new government that we helped to put in there.
They have banned a lot of the stuff on the radio. They were playing like real music. They banned. In other words they're regressing. Right. Of course. They're re-fruiting back to the ways that they really like in the first place.
So we got the Taliban out of power and we get marks for that. But in terms of finding Osama Yomala in terms of really disabling al-Qaeda.
In fact I have a story later about how al-Qaeda has got just tons of money. It tons of gold in the Sudan. Where the hell do I have that? I'll get to it eventually or not maybe tomorrow.
And remember the story of the day. I think it was just yesterday about the fact that they're alive and well they're reorganizing and they're ready to at their leisure. They're ready to do their next crap. They're next to active insanity.
So I think all well and good to wave the flag and rally around whoever the president may be, etc. and so on. But you know it's a year later.
It's a year later and time is wasted and then those two stories I had about airline security airport security pathetic.
Pragic. Dog and pony show ain't going to cut the mustard. Speaking of flights. Flight turn back after fight on board.
The US Airways expressed flight turn back to Charlotte on Tuesday because the passenger fought with a flight attendant.
The male passenger was arrested when the plane returned to Charlotte airport said, but a Wilson spokesman for the Phoenix based Mesa air group which operates the regional jet.
Charlotte Mecklenburg police did not return call seeking information on the passenger. Flight 5746 was on route to Birmingham, Alabama and the disturbance.
So a passenger did get violent with a flight attendant Wilson said she said she had no additional details. We're still trying to determine what's at the whole thing.
There must be a later story on this. This is from CNN last night. Right. US Airways spokesman Dave Castelveder said 22 passengers were boarded the 50C regional jet with a crew of two pilots and one lone flight attendant Wilson said the male flight attendant was taken to the hospital's precaution.
Then really well, at least it was a male flight attendant. Right. Scott was beaten up on some poor broad. That would be bad. Not necessarily if you ask our crowd. Yeah, beat the hell out of her. You know, I mean they're entitled. They don't like women.
Yeah, I just I just relax. I just dropped the spot. Okay. See you start to get push you again. You remember your old. I dropped the copy. I had to reach over for the sponsor 180 times a day. Although I really didn't need to copy because it's all your men. You think I need to look at the old man copy.
That's still old piece of copy that I've had. Do you think anybody knows it's their account like Skippy? Hey, Skippy, you got a bunch of Brian's old accounts. If you get some copy since Brian didn't do it, Brian was a good guy, but a little week on a copy.
I don't know. I don't know. Publix.
Right.
Right. Right. What a shame. Only meds available all over town picks them up and wall greens, whole food markets, the viral pharmacy and synonymous that they stoopendous and exciting a great and effective new product.
If you'd like to find out what it does and where you stick it, call their toll free number 1 866 oleo med. That's 1 866 oleo med. You can order their products on their website. If you prefer at oleo med america dot com.
Neon god damn it.
1118 at 560. By the way, speaking of bulk of Brian, so we decided is the fix in for this year's see, we're not going to do a best of nil is here, which I know is going to disappoint a lot of people are putting the charities that we would be helping out, but nevertheless.
Very sad. Very sad. Nobody wants to do anything. That's the problem we have at QAM. Nobody wants to give us any assistance. Nobody wants to give us a helping hand. Now you think that Doreen, the fat queen, you think that Doreen who's the promotions. What is her title?
I don't know, promotion. I guess promotions head. Whatever the hell are your title is, you think that maybe she liked what it got involved in that, but the answer is no she don't come anywhere near our show. She don't want nothing to do with us and the feeling is mutual.
So poor Miguel, who of course now is finally wise up and is a quit doing all the freebies working on the other end of the show for nothing, which we don't we enjoy having him there for a long time. He was a very good.
He did a wonderful job. We enjoyed George and he had a real good summer together in there. Right. That only knows what they were doing, but you know, it worked out great, but he said enough. I think you wise them up finally.
Well, I told him that they, you know, they were never ever going to pay him even though they told him that they were.
Oh, they tell everybody a lot of things. Okay, just like that room that Sam used to sit in was going to be a production studio. Is there production studio in there? No.
No, that's the reason that Duff was given that three by five room to have his little paper mache desk in his little high chair that I had to embarrass them and to get him like an almost real a desk.
God, who the hell are they kidding? Greg, you're an ax murderer. Greg, there are people on death row for much lesser crimes than you commit every day in that place. Is he around or what? I don't know.
That plus, yes, I told you is he really? Well, aren't you guys lucky? And aren't I even luckier to be like 1200 miles away where the weather is beautiful and the humidity is low and we don't have no skaters.
Although somebody did die up here already from what is it? West Nile? Yes. I got it. I don't know. I don't know. Listen, the chances of my winning the Canadian lottery are much greater than getting a bit in my mosquito. It's got whatever that is. West Nile.
So anyway, so the best of things looks like it's in a crapper this year, but I'm why we discussed the other day very briefly what we at least should do is make a book of Brian this because you have all that just like what I just played there. He's got all this great stuff about the 9 11 and about all kinds of good stuff plus all the mo bits.
I guarantee there's a lot of people out there would love to hear the 4000 mo bits that book of Brian we keep telling don't do any more bits about Moeys very upside thanks for being nice to me today.
It's stuff like that. You know, don't do any mo. Don't do any more with that. But so I guess what we'll do is we'll like sell it on our website since the old ones stuck there at 87 orders and it's been on there for like months and months. There you go.
And plus this one will be much better than that other one anyway and he can do the work and make the money and it'll be exclusively available on our website and also I'm thinking like maybe some of our sponsors like pizza lot Jeff might want to have a bunch at his joint.
Oh, and PD Lenny this morning to show you how much in touch see if he would take time out from spreading rumors to listen to the station. He says to me, oh, you were that the pizza lot is opening a new location.
Yeah, PD Lenny said that and he sounded just like Moe when he said, are you where see I keep talking like that all the time now. Every voice I do it sounds like that very pedantic.
I just can't stop talking like that. Oh, he's going to I guarantee you he's probably went home and voted on the poll already and he's quelling over. Oh, see, I told you we don't want to go down bitches and that thing there. It's a thing for men for guys. It's a guy's thing.
Old guys with with plaid shorts and varicose veins. That's you Moe so I was Brian doing it or what? I'm sure we don't have to ask because he needs the cash. Right. He will all the way all the way after doing those pizza hot spots. You know, although you know something.
It would be kind of strange to have the the just all to me to have his CDs available at the pizza loft while he's doing spots for the pizza hot. Well, he's just a voice for them. It's not like he's endorsing them as a character.
Sure. He won't be getting no more females from Jeff Cohen. I'll tell you that anymore. You're out Brian. What do you mean by that? He's come by. They're in had a few meals when we did our parents. That's part of the crowd and deservedly so. I'm not I don't see. I don't be grudge him certain other people. I know I be grudge. Although and let's see who wanted me to make sure I tell you that they paid for dry concepts or fair or remember. By the way, thanks for all for the tip on the piece.
She they call yesterday, which I appreciate their concern. They heard me talking about my brusseless and about the ice thing. She said go to the store, go to the supermarket, get a bag of frozen, frozen peas and use that as your ice bag and then put it back into freezer because peas are like smaller like little frozen ice bits. You can shape the bag and you can shape the bag like around your arm around your well, whatever, you know, ever.
You need a bag. New poll, speak of that. What a great segue. New poll show McBride and Reno and Dead Heat. Speaking of old bag. See that's bad. And if I come well, I will. I'll be there. I'll be there on election day in November. Oh, you know something, but the primary is next Tuesday. But does making difference because I have to say we're going to the prime. No, no, I don't want to do that. I'll vote for whichever one gets it. My vote will be against Jeff Bush. I don't care. I wouldn't care if a tell a little hun was on a ballot against him. I'm voting for a tell a least. You know, I'm voting for a tell a little. I'm voting for a tell a little. I'm voting for a tell a little. I'm voting for a tell a little. I'm voting for a tell a little. I'm voting for a tell a little. I'm voting for a tell a little. I'm voting
for a tell a little. I'm voting for a tell a little. And he's got a colorful name because Jeff Bush is the City of거� vote for a tell a little. And this is systematic Teach is the right.
base that's them. So I'll vote against anybody's honor I'll vote for them against him several
times. I'm voting 20 or 30 times. See now we finally learned after 2000. I always used
to joke about vote early and often I'm going to do it. Good. I mean those people check
in your voter registration. Those people are 140 years old. They wouldn't know if it came
through there 50 times as long as you're white. New polls show McBride and Reno in dead
heat. As one pollster put it, Janet Reno is on the verge of snatching the feet from
the jaws of victory. I'm going to your pardon? Nothing. What did you say? I was responding
to that word. Let me say it again. In her case, I mean if that's what you're thinking
about at lunchtime, boy, you better get the puke bag out because I'm sure most people
in the audience are right now. As one pollster put it, Janet Reno is on the verge of snatching
the feet from the jaws of victory. I'm sure she's seen one or two in her time.
But that's not the jaws. Separate polls released over the Labor Day weekend, Vellate, with
Democrat Bill McBride has been saying for weeks now that he's erased Janet's enormous
lead in the party's gubernatorial primary race. Five months ago when few Florida voters
had ever heard of McBride, a Tampa area lawyer and first time candidate, such a scenario
seen for post-risk given Reno celebrity status and big time name recognition. In a survey
sponsored by the Harold and St. Pete Times, Reno leads McBride only 40 to 38 percent with
13 percent undecided. In a separate poll for the Orlando Sentinel in South Florida,
Sun Times, it says here. I'm sure that means Sun Sentinel. Reno holds a three-point lead
over McBride 37 to 34 percent. This is in Washington Post with 18 percent undecided. A
third candidate states Senator Darrell Jones registered far below Reno and McBride in
both polls. Oh, I got to do the break. Well, I'll get back to this stuff. Okay. How
did I get backed up? I got backed up talking about Boca-Bride and about the disc and about
snatching something. 1126 at 560 WQM VIP Sportsbook.com is the name that everybody should know by
now because we've been beaten on it for a long time now. I'm telling you that VIP Sportsbook.com
is the only sports book to be endorsed by all the industry watchdog groups since 1996.
Because what is it? Casino Times News recent issue says you can look, you can search, you can
get a search party, but you won't find a better overall sportsbook than VIP Sportsbook.com.
Maybe you're looking for more than just a world-class book that offers 24 hour VIP service and
the safety of a leader. How about the highest parliads anywhere up to 2001, minimum bets of only
five bucks and free withdraws 24 hours a day and a 15 percent cash bonus ended in that first
deposit. Now this isn't some juggeral book located like in the West Plantation. This is Dutch-based
VIP Sportsbook.com where you're treated with plants and your money is safe. Sign up online and
get you a 15 percent cash bonus and a new account or call them at 866 VIP bets. Easy to get started,
all you have to do is log on to your thing. VIP Sportsbook.com and don't forget when you do
sign up online, you get that 15 percent cash bonus. Be a winner at VIP Sportsbook.com where you are
the VIP. Live and local. We are sports video 560. See you in QAA.
I'm actually a lesbian.
Attorney General Janet Reno has purchased a Red Ford pickup truck.
Hi, I'm Janet with abs of granite. Today I've got my travel and companion a legal alien
Paco by my side. Paco is my full-time houseboy and part-time ob-slave.
He'll be riding shotgun with me till we hit Florida. Then I'm gonna dump his tight little can-can
in Miami and push him off with a volleyball and an inflatable super bowl chair. I need some
Paco anyway. He's been leaving his stinky cigars all over my apartment trying to convince me to
do a Monica Winsky forum. That's that for me. I told him, Hey Paco, that's an exit.
Oh, that's a lot of stuff. Plus I got a shot at hook and backup with Ellen now that all fully
belonging in as out of the picture. Nothing like rambling down in interstate to clear your mind.
Oh, I'm a cha cha. Be looking for Janet Reno's Red Ford pickup truck,
traveling the countryside later this month. With the September 10th primary just a few days away,
the Reno McBride race appears to be an official toss-up with many Florida media. Let's
talking about the growing possibility of one of the great upsets in Florida politics. What do you
think of that? Huh? However, Reno still holds a sizable advantage over McBride among two key
voting constituencies, elderly Democrats, and African Americans. Both polls show Reno gets 50%
or more of the black vote, even with Jones who is black in the race. See, they probably consider
a McBride because he's from Tampa to be kind of a cracker. Okay. Wouldn't you think, isn't he?
I don't know that much about him. I know he tap dances like Sammy Davis Jr.
and Willie T. Ribs. In fact, you know something, if he would just put on little black face,
I think he would win some of them over. Not far behind Reno on list of people who didn't want
to see the poll results. As governor Jeb Bush, who's re-lection campaign is not starting to get the
word nervous and worried attached to it with more and more frequency. And in a potentially critical
political blunder, Bush and Republicans may at least be partially responsible for McBride's surge.
Republicans began an advertising assault against McBride a few weeks ago in hopes of discrediting
the candidate and ensuring a GOP-friendly Bush-Rino matchup in the fall. But Bush has had
the period of giving an undecided Democratic voters and donors reasonably that McBride is the
also getting lots of support from the state's newspapers. He picked up two more major endorsements
over the weekend, the Palm Beach Post, and more importantly, they prestigious Miami-Herald Reno's
hometown newspaper. The Harold Rotha McBride has the skill and vision to lead, while Reno would
be a solid caretaker with governor, though not an inspiring leader, Florida needs more than that.
Having previously backed the, uh, been backed by the Orlando Sentinel, they tamp a Tribune and St. Peter's
Bird Times, McBride has swept the state's major editorial endorsement. How do you like that?
I like it. I always like that, Bill McBride. You know what it'll probably take us to
burn steakhouse for dinner? You think maybe Burne will pick up the, oh that's right,
Burne can't pick up the check. That said, burn likes or die. That'll take you not to pick up my check,
you cheap prick. Reno is certainly no stranger to overcoming adversity, having to
split a neck for surviving in government. See they're going to be upset because they call them a
prick in his death. You can't do that, can you? Sure. You cheap old man. Reno is certainly no
stranger to overcoming adversity, having to split a neck for surviving in government and politics,
even when the conventional wisdom said she shouldn't. So the former US Attorney General
shook off her bleak poll numbers and continued to predict victory while I'm barking on one more
red truck tour around the state. Oh, timely, huh? That was great. Excellent. And guess what else?
What? Mining Dayed Mayor, you know that little little o' Spick? Yes. Indorcism, McBride for governor.
Democratic, Coobin, Attorney, or candidate Bill McBride, who's getting ground in his bid to
wedge dinner. We know for the chance to face Governor, Jeb Bush, November, has wanted support,
and want to solve voters political heavyweights heavyweights. Say it again.
Dead County Mayor Alex Penga, Pakenia, who's appealed to the different racial and nothing groups,
twice helped him capture the top job in the state's largest county. Well, Endorse McBride today,
meaning today, six days before voters choose between the two front runners and state Senator
Darrell Jones the next Tuesday's primary. The mayor's endorsement coupled with his considerable
campaigning and money raising skills could help McBride capture crucial Hispanic votes in
dayed and he wrote the strong support in South Florida for Reno for whom the Miami area is home.
And I see there's a problem with this. You want to know what it is? Yeah.
And it says it could also vote well for Penga, Pakenia, who Democratic Party in
South to say is among those being considered as a potential candidate for Lieutenant Governor,
should McBride win the primary? Well, that'd be great. Oh my god. No, no, that would be great,
because it gets him out of date County. Oh, that's right. That would be great. But the problem
with his being with the gay rights amendment thing on a ballot next Tuesday,
there're going to be a lot of homosexuals. I think everybody in the county, including
everybody who knows one is related to one and even got the proposition by one. See what I'm saying?
Right. I think they're going to vote for. Who do you think they're going to vote for?
Bill McBride, Fab Kunst, they're going to vote for Janet. She's there. No, she's our type.
I want to say their type. She's our type. She's butchered and I am. But Penga,
Pakenia said yesterday that his political future did not figure and is disunged to
back McBride, that Tampa Attorney panelist says exemplifies the life of hard work and sacrifice.
He's got the best chance of beating Jeff Bush. So he's the best candidate that we as Democrats
can have. And I will say as the father of two young boys in the public school system of this state,
it means a lot to me that men and women who are in the trenches, teaching our children are behind
them that weighs heavily on my mind. Before arriving in the day, they, McBride, stopped in the
Boca airport to get the endorsement of US representative Robert Wechler, a day after being endorsed by
your representative, Korean Brown of Jacksonville. Out of 10, he's picking it up.
McBride and Penaelson will attend a news conference in Raleigh, Opholok, Airport,
visit Versailles restaurant in Miami's little Havana neighborhood and possibly stop at two
Spanish language radio stations. And you know what they're going to be saying on the Spanish language
radio station. They're going to say that a lot. And I think that's what you need to say to get
their votes. For the McBride campaign, Pena Picanja's endorsement provides a boost in the state's most
populated region at a crucial time. The game of politics in the campaign is all about gaining
momentum. Said Ron Book, one of the state's most influential lobby is getting endorsement from
Mayor Pena Picanja and the largest county in the state is very huge. It's big. It's gigantic.
Even walking a lot and once said that. Remember what he said? Mm-hmm. I don't think I can find it
though. What is that under? Oh, I know what it's under. It's under child's and I'm looking under
with it is so uh, stuff like that. It is so huge. Geez. Well, you know, it took a little while because
he did. The Mayor's endorsement is also attracting notice because McBride has said to be considering
Pena Picanja's a running mate, which we mentioned moments ago. I've heard he's on the short list of
candidates and that's a very exciting possibility. Said Bob Poe, chairman of the Florida Democratic
Party, he has the ability to generate financial resources. He has the ability to bring crossover
and cross-dresser votes. That's why appearances today by McBride and Pena Picanja are viewed by
political observers as a test of how the pair look and sound together. Now, do you think that when
they appear together, he's going to have Merit Steer, hem over one shoulder and our close personal
friend, what's his name standing on the other, which I forgot his name already? What's his close
move? Wait, Mark? No! Your spec friend from IOD are former news god. One Medi-Eta. One Medi-Eta. How can
you forget one Medi-Eta, my god, what is wrong with you, man? Oh, shame on you. Our good friend
really became a Pena Picanja wannabe, suckle. One Medi-Eta, who's with one Medi-Eta,
no soy Julio Iglesias. Let me ask you, how is what's his name doing? Jim Skyler, anybody hear from him
lately? Not lately. Is he still alive? Yeah, he's still alive. Well, that's good. Oh, you know,
I'm going to do the break a little bit early because this next piece I have here, which is absolutely
must-listening. You've heard of must-read, must-see. This is must-here. This is the article by
Cheryl Seal, who's on writer's net. She's a literary agent and writer. All right. The evidence that
may hang GW Bush going down for a three. John O'Neal was the acasuality of the Bush administration.
It's long, but it's worth the open years. Get the wax out of yours, okay? Get your
rush limboa hearing aids stuck in their real deep and crank it up real loud.
Anyways, 22 till noon at 5.60 WDQM, we got the Mad Dog kind of going to clonk. We got Hank on
again from Crystal Palace doing a whole three and a half hours today. See, Hank, like me,
he's like working his way back into it. He's easing back in. Pre-game at 6.35, Marlon's at the
match 7.10. Any K after baseball and Joe and Mark, those dirty boys overnight. And then what's his
name in the morning? Hey, it's the dog days of summer. They're still around. Man, you can feel it
out there. Walk outside. You're spits in your brain side. And probably your hair is blown out of
control too, especially with all the storms and the wind and the rain in your hair. Remember that song
by Pat Boone? Of course not. Well, do something about it. Call the best in the business and get
your hair back from Charles Nalfieri. We're not talking about some mousey looking piece or some
ridiculous looking thing that looks like somebody dropped a bunch of... Maybe that's why he smells like
talcum powder. Mo. Because it looks like somebody dropped a whole container or a casual mirror
bouquet on his head. But if you want to look great, better and younger than he had in years,
call his toll free number 1-800-321-2413. Now is the smart time to call because Charlie,
even though the summer's almost over, he continues to offer that summer special. Just mention
old Neo-Rajors and you get 300 bucks off of them or get a price. So you can get your hair back at
a very affordable price and look like I said, like a bench. And don't forget Charlie, services and
repairs, all kinds of hair systems, why do you wait for as little as 30 bucks. Rumor is that Bob
Eisenberg is going to over there and see what he can do for him. Not much, Bob. So if you want to
have a great looking hairline and fuller hair right now and for the rest of your life, go see Chuck
Alfie Erie. He'll make you look better than you ever thought you could look again. Say goodbye to
your bald spot. I mentioned my name, say 300 bucks. Call toll free 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413
or log on to CharlesAlphie Erie.com.
My life and love. This is 420560.
You're too good today. Thanks for being nice to me today, Mo.
And don't mention it, Goldie. You're not going to get raped again today, I am old.
Yeah, you know why. Why is that, Mo? Because rape's not funny, but I ain't going to be a mean man
no more. If they think that's funny, that's fine by me. Wow, you really changed your way.
How'd I get about it? I'd turn over all new fig-nutin' leaves.
You have a nice day and power, nice Mike Dudley friend.
Hey Mo, look out for that truck!
And look out for that truck.
Mo looked like a shapeless pile of gold.
Ew. Ew.
To show my respect, I don't need you.
I wasn't even called before that bastard who stood my shoes.
I don't want to say I'm glad.
Outside of him and Nancy, old Shmucky wasn't bad.
It's a haia.
Oh, how it made his sense into the dead.
Yeah, oh, how it made his sense, but it's weakness.
I know how it made his sense, but it's weakness.
I know how it made his sense, but it's weakness.
Let me put it three at five sixty W.
Can I just before I do the other story for a Sheryl Seal?
Can I just do one other one quick? Sure, of course.
I don't know why I'm asking just because I want to know why.
It's the editorial of today's very conservative New York Post,
Al Qaeda on the move in the conservative New York Post.
Syria has for years been just about the world's worst offender when it comes to offering
safe harbor to terrorists. Now, Syria is hosting Al Qaeda operatives in Lebanon.
A country that continues to occupy and control.
Credible reports indicate that Syria has allowed as many as 200
Al Qaeda government to settle in the,
here we Palestinian camp near Siden.
Indeed, Al Qaeda operatives may, many formerly based in Afghanistan,
have been fighting bitterly to take control of the camp for existing militias.
Nor is the Syria's first engagement with Al Qaeda,
or some have been loud and son and mother both lived in Syria until just before 9-11 attacks.
9-11 terrorists, Mohammed Aqta, made several as yet unexplained visits to Damascus,
and the country's long been a transit point and base for the terror organization.
Indeed, the only reason Syria wasn't included in President Bush's access of evil
seems to be because the country's dictator, Bashar Assad,
intimidated by the U.S. campaign in Afghanistan,
promised he would cooperate with U.S. anti-terrorism efforts.
But although this cooperation began with a release of important information about Al Qaeda
networks in Germany, it turned out to be partial and half-hearted.
Syria never demonstrated the slightest inclination to crack down on any of the other terrorist groups
at hosts, including Hamas, Islamic Jihad, Hezbollah, and the popular front for liberation of Palestine,
each of which has murdered Americans.
And Al Assad seems to have gotten over his initial fear of a vengeful Washington.
He seems to think he can back Al Qaeda's war against America without consequence.
It's understandable that he drew this conclusion from the Bush administration's
dithering of late, but the White House needs to disabuse Assad of this notion and do it soon.
Says the New York Post in the editorial today.
Now, here's the article by Cheryl Seal.
Okay.
Until he resigned in August of 2001,
John O'Neill was the director of counterterrorism for the FBI's New York office,
not far from the World Trade Center.
O'Neill investigated the bombings of the World Trade Center in 1993,
U.S.-based in Saudi Arabia in 1996, the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi and Darius,
Salam in 1998, and the U.S. has cool.
In the course of these investigations, he became one of the world's top experts on Osama Yomama
Bin Laden and Al Qaeda, determined to hunt bin Laden as followers down and bring them to justice.
Those who worked with him said he lived, breathed in eight terrorism,
a scrappy stubborn Irishman with a quick temper, a fondness for the ladies and a reputation for
being brutally blunt on some occasions and pushing on others. O'Neill was often frustrated by the
button-down boundaries of the modern FBI, but he was one of the best luths the agency had as
anyone to work with him would be quick to acknowledge. U.S. Attorney Mary Jo White says this of O'Neill,
John went at it comprehensively yielding things from people in London or people in Yemen and we
never otherwise would have gotten. Another admirer from RFBI director Louis Free remembers O'Neill as
the paramount most knowledgeable agent we had in the FBI, probably in the government with respect to
counterintelligence matters. After years of investigating O'Neill and Al Qaeda, O'Neill, O'Neill,
Osama Yomama, O'Neill came to the conclusion that all the answers everything he needed to dismantle
Osama's organization can be found in Saudi Arabia. That conviction went with him to his grave.
Unfortunately for O'Neill and 3,000 other men and women, at every turn after January 2001,
the Bush administration blocked the efforts of the most knowledgeable agent at hand to investigate
Saudi ties to Bin Laden. O'Neill saw through Bush from the start and by the summer of 2001,
declared that the main obstacles to investigating Islamic terrorism were U.S. oil corporate
interest and the role Saudi Arabia played in furthering those interests. Bush not only thwarted
an FBI investigation of the Bin Laden family, he kept the specific nature of his family's business
tied to the Bin Laden as secret as Chinese energy task force wask. A few disturbing facts are known,
however, for example, Bin Laden's were investors in the Carlisle group, the secret of energy and
arms corporation founded by George Bush senior. Carlisle was earlier reputed within a major stakeholder
and central Asian oil interest, though they have not surprisingly dropped from the foreground in
the past year. Bin Laden money was also sunk in a George W. Bush's first oil companies.
A Bin Laden was involved in bioport the company that G. W. Bush granted a federal contract for
producing anthrax vaccine, even though the company had failed three FDA inspections.
It's hard to imagine given this cozy history that O'Neill had much use for the Bush clan,
and must have truly enraged the money learned as he inevitably must have given his position
inside the intelligence grapevine that O'Neill had flown to Dubai for 10 days for treatment
at the American hospital where he was visited by local CIA agent Larry Mitchell on July 12th.
But let's backtrack to the year before 9-11 back to the fall of 2000, she says.
In October of 2000, after entering the port of Auden off the coast of Yemen, the USS Cole was hit
by suicide bomber. The blast killed 17 and injured 35 Americans. O'Neill was sent over to investigate
his head of the FBI team, accompanying O'Neill the Yemen world for 100 FBI agents, laboratory experts,
and forensic specialists as well as FBI director Louis Frey. From the earliest moments of the
investigation, O'Neill was sure Bin Laden was responsible, however from the start his efforts to work
the case were sabotaged by US ambassador to Yemen, Barbara Bodin. Bodin refused to cooperate
in the investigation or to encourage Yemenites to cooperate as well. Despite repeated death threats
against agents, he refused to allow them to carry the type of weapons O'Neill considered adequate,
O'Neill reportedly called Louis Frey in the middle of the night once, expressing anxiety about
the safety of his men. The clash between O'Neill and Bodin went steadily from bad to worse,
picking when Bodin publicly called O'Neill a liar, incredibly Bodin claimed that through her
actions she was merely trying to keep diplomatic relations running smoothly. But a look at
Ms. Bodin's history suggests a very different motivation. Throughout her career, Barbara Bodin
served primarily under right wing old boys and areas where the oil interest of said old boys
are being furthered. Under Reagan, she served as deputy principal officer in Baghdad, Iraq. Under
Bush senior, she served as deputy chief of mission in Kuwait and was there during the Gulf War.
She's also worked for Bodin and far more ominously for Henry Kissinger. So in 2000, we find her in Yemen
and through a Clinton appointee, and though a Clinton appointee, impeding the Clinton
administration's efforts to conduct an investigation of a crime of terrorism in which the chief suspect
is the son of a Bush family business associate. What makes Bodin's actions tour Neal particularly
indefensible is that there's a credible evidence that she herself was to blame at least in part
for the cold disaster. Key fallacy, defense intelligence agency counterterrorism analyst that
issued a report before the disaster, warning of the danger of just such an attack in Yemen.
As it turned out, the report was suppressed by senior CIA officials and by Bodin in general
Anthony Zinn, who decided to allow the cold to enter the corner of the lowest-greatest
security permitted in the Middle East, though they were both aware of the warning,
fallacy quit in protest that day after the bombing. The report fellacy for us. It was officially
issued six hours after the attack by the NSA. The report said terrorists were known to be actively
engaged in operational planning for an attack and a travel to Dubai and Beirut in preparation for
this attack. Yet on October 29th, senior intelligence officials issued a statement claiming that the
warnings they had received were too vague to have justified issuing a stronger alert. Sound familiar?
Yep. The Clinton administration intervened in the investigation and an arrangement was made
that at least made it possible for agents to question suspects thanks to Bodin even this had
been impossible before. O'Neil returned to these states for the holidays. By that time, Bush had
succeeded in pulling off the theft of the presidency. O'Neil was barred from returning to Yemen to
continue his investigation. Shortly after he returned while attending a seminar in Tapa, O'Neil's
briefcase, which contained some sensitive papers, was stolen. Although the briefcase was found
intact shortly afterward with only a cigar lighter missing, the incident later proved to be
something much more than just a petty theft as you'll see. From this point on, incidents,
actions and decisions became so complex and interwoven that a chronology seems the best way
to present the information. Chronology, late January 2001 through 9-11-2001. Late January,
within 10 days of being sworn in until a few weeks before 9-11, Bush becomes preoccupied,
obsessed some of Whisperer, with trying to cut a deal with a Taliban that would make Afghanistan
a new playground for American oil interests. The game involved, the game plan involved,
swiping the world-bridge, caspy and region-from-russian control, proving just how loyal Bush is to
his soulmates, Putin. From January through August, detembing which he felt sure he could
control or pressure the Taliban into playing ball, Bush did not consider the Afghan religious
despots evil. In fact, he's reported to describe their repressive regime as a source of stability
in central Asia that will provide the ideal environment for the construction of an oil pipeline.
February 2001. In a masterpiece of conflicting signals, Bush after expressing interest in
negotiations orders the Taliban government officials' offices rather than US closed. The Taliban
responds by saying it might be willing to turn over Osama bin Laden. This suggestion is ignored.
March 2001. Leyla Helms, daughter of former CIA director Richard Helms, brings one of Mullah
Omar's advisors, Saeed Hashimi, to Washington. During that visit, Hashimi meets with the
directorate of the Central Intelligence at CIA and the Bureau of Intelligence and research at
the State Department. In one meeting since Helms, Hashamey proposes that the Taliban would be
willing to hold bin Laden in one location long enough for the West to locate and destroy him.
However, this offer is refused by the Bush administration. April through August,
one warning after another of terrorist attack directed against the US come into the Bush
administration from the UK from Russia, Egypt, Israel, France, Germany, and Russia. Early May,
FBI director Louis Free after being the subject of an intensive right wing smear campaign,
quits or more accurately is forced out. May, and we've heard this before on this show,
from Robert Chir, May, Bush gives Taliban $43 million in what is reported to be a pot-sweetening
deal. June, free now gone, the last of the FBI agents investigating the court are suddenly pulled
out of Yemen, ostensibly because of lack of progress and danger. June, O'Neil meets with French
intelligence expert John Charles Brissard and Paris, and expresses his frustration at the Bush
administration. He tells Brissard, he believes the key to making headwagans terrorism lies in Saudi
Arabia, but that oil interest lie in the way of any serious investigation. Brissard and his associate,
Guiamia, Datsk, whatever it is, the French name is always get me. Intelligence ain't less than the
editor of intelligence online dedicated their book, been lovin' me forbidden truth released in
France in November 2001 to O'Neil. This book has been vigorously avoided by US publishers,
and everyone in the mainstream US press except Paul Azon, who was presented excerpts of it. July,
how do you like that? Even Paul Azon, presented experts. You go, Paula, you silly bitch. July,
Francisco, Vendrell, and Tom Simmons, former ambassador of Pakistan meet with Taliban in Berlin
on Bush administration's behalf. This is in July of last year, following this? Following. A deal that
offers a coalition government and a pipeline is proposed to the Taliban when Tom Simmons threatens
the Taliban with military actions and alternative and to not accepting the deal, the Taliban
representatives storm out of the meetings. July, possibly his way to modify the Taliban,
Bush directs the FBI to back off on Osama bin Laden. July 8th, in response to public pressure,
the FBI sent back to Yemen, but Niels told his barred from entering the country. July 10th,
an FBI agent named Kenneth Williams, who's based in Phoenix, Arizona, sent him emote a general
neal that he suspected. An OVL hijacker in training was taking flight lessons at a local
flight school. This memo never gets further than whoever O'Neill transmitted it to and knowing O'Neill's
history. There is no doubt that the information was transmitted. July 12th, Osama bin Laden received
treatment at an American hospital in Dubai and is visited by CIA agent Larry Mitchell. Mid July,
O'Neill meets again with French intelligence analyst Prasad, this time in New York City,
he again expresses frustration that Bush is refusal to pursue OVL bin Laden or Saudi terrorist
ties seriously. It is absolutely certain that O'Neill by now realized that even the memo from
Williams would not be followed up on. August 2nd, Christina Raka of the Director of Asian Affairs
of the State Department meets the Taliban ambassador in Islamabad to reopen negotiations. Her
message from Bush according to intelligence reports repeated in Bissart and Discogli's book,
either you accept or offer a carpet of gold or we bury you under a carpet of bombs,
this meeting you offer is refused. August 6th, the most serious attack warning is delivered
to Bush at this point. It should have been clear to the Bush that having just four days before
threatened the Taliban with military action, there would be a very good chance that something
serious might happen perhaps in the nature of a preemptive strike. Yet it is this point,
Bush decides against taking serious action on the threats. Why? The answer seems painfully clear.
As of August 6th, we have a president who's delivered and ultimately to the Taliban threatening
to bomb them. However, there is at this point no pretext to justify carpeting Afghanistan with bombs.
We also have a president who's ratings have tanked below 50 percent and thus needs a sort of
infusion of public support and war would provide. With the warning on his death, Bush must have
seen an opportunity. All he needed to do was nothing. Time will tell whether or not he realized
the scope of the resulting disaster. Early August, Dick Clark, the president's terrorism's
art and national security council, Pell Zonil, he would like to put his name on his successor.
It would be a powerful position, fellow wage and very mon said that person would have direct
contact with the FBI and turn around the influence top cat and turn around an influence top cat
and put his name on his successor. I have no other people and possibly even a president.
Mid August, a flight school in Minnesota flight, what is it? A flight school in Minnesota reports
that arise from a salary to local FBI office after Missouri recreated training and how to fly a jet
but not in how to land or take off. Although, Missouri's arrested agents did not search his computer
and thus missed vital clues. August 19th, I guess I better do the break, huh? Oh, man.
Well, this will leave you hanging. No, I'm telling you. I need to tell you. August 19th, there's not
much more. New York Times reports that O'Neill is suddenly under investigation for the brief case
incident. Tom Picard, second to command the FBI tells O'Neill can pretty much kiss the promotion
chance goodbye. It's clear O'Neill like free as being squeezed out.
Friends of O'Neill have said that Picard who was very cozy with Ask Croft and the Boise team
acted as the number one roadblock to O'Neill's efforts to progress in the agency. After 9-11,
Picard, who unlike O'Neill and Free had no experience investigating terrorism,
his specialty was white collar crime was placed in charge of the 9-11 investigation and also the
anthrax investigation in November Picard retired. Late August, O'Neill quits the FBI. Early September,
O'Neill takes a job as head of security for the World Trade Center. He mentions to friends in
New York that he fully expects to be the building to be targeted by terrorists in the future.
September the 7th, the CIA's promise program begins picking up unusual trading activity for the
United and American Airlines. That's on the stock market, right? And of course, on 9-11,
on O'Neill's second day of work on the 34th floor, the World Trade Center is hit by the first plane.
O'Neill makes it out of the building safely calls the Sunday saying that he's okay. Then goes into
the other tower to help guide those still inside the safety minutes later O'Neill along with hundreds
of others is dead killed by the terrorists. The Bush administration refused to allow
and pursue to the best of his ability. Other speechments. 1157 at 560 WQM's,
China America, maybe let me tell you about dial amatrus. If you're not getting a good night's sleep lately,
maybe you're worried about all of these things. Well, you can get yourself a great night's sleep if
you have a good mattress. If it's lumpy and bumpy and it's just had it and ain't got to cut the
mustard, you're going to wake up in the back feeling like crap if you don't get a good night's sleep,
which is so damn important to your health and the way you feel. If you want to vest mattress in
the world and unbeatable price by now, you've got to know it because I've been telling you for
years about these folks that I've been using them for years too. Dial amatrus, just one easy call
is what gets it done for you. 1-800 mattress, you'll talk to bedding experts,
we'll hook up with exactly the kind of mattress you're looking for and the top brands in the world.
Not some off brand names, not some crap. They got the best, SIRNA, CELY, Simmons and King Coral.
And don't forget when you call dial amatrus, you pick the day of the week, seven days a week,
and the two are a window. When it's convenient for them to deliver and you get that 30 day in home comfort
guarantee as well. You can't beat it all the way around. So don't slip all over town looking for a great
deal on the quality name brand mattress. Pick up the phone and just dial one easy number. That's all it takes.
1-800 mattress, 1-800-MATTRES or check them out on the web if you like it.
mattress.com. My life and local, this is 420-560.
Howard David, when I take my fel bean, I listen to it in Neil Rogers 12-1 hour. Not George,
because he's stupid.
And Gold there is a party girl slut, party girl slut, party girl slut.
And Gold there is a party girl slut, party girl slut, party girl slut.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Hello, I'm a little sister, a good girl who wants to be a media home for her, and I'm top quiver. You want more? I'm a lady? Here's what I'll give you. She's got to put the read about a flammery. Nobody knows for about a flammery out with a big scoop of mouth and it wasn't in the left of Mangala. Such a good Christian girl. You want to strangle her. Fontyfigating who she's hating. Political pundits, pontyfigating, strong on the floor and masturbating. A Republican's can't keep home. She's a better relishable.
Making liberal is dirty, weren't you know? In a mini-starcho and camel dough. And Salsa knows what they can be. In a mini-starched and smell fishy. She's a tall drink of water on the side of large order with a back alley hook. Give you like your broad dollar. If you got my money, she'll spread those legs with a cigarette and a sharp face. And Salsa and Salsa are political pundits. The angel of the right have a cheesy late. All right. It's 12.02 at 5.60.12.01. 12.01. So I keep trying to push it ahead. We better get to top.
I'm right. And that important. No, I know a trouble one. Oh, I got 15 clocks here, man. You either follow me to start about the two punks up in upstate. The new kids who allegedly murdered their fauna. Oh, yeah, poor TV's playing that. So that's the trial. This article, which I think is a very good one is in today's national post here in Canada, which I was shocking to me. They have a new word. I just learned. Yeah, you heard it before. Tad polling. I got news for if anybody looks like they've been tadpulling. It's these two. I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say
these two kids. If there is ever a case, or forced dereality, I shouldn't, I shouldn't. It's where like I was in primary school here in the tapes. Anyway, parents have
two plots, because another of a couple of them would go, you're sure. Right. Right. In an unprecedented legal. Conundrum, two cases, now being tried in Florida,
suggest different scenarios for the same murder argued by the same prosecutor in front of the same judge, but against different defendants,
Brothers. Alex and Derrick King. Now, age 13 and 14. Raki, he's a bulging. Their father will death last year. Within aluminum baseball bat. Well,
Well, that's your lot better than with a like a wood baseball bat.
Right.
According to the case laid out by state prosecutor David Rimmer in Pensacola, Florida,
court were yesterday, they're being tried as adults.
David Rimmer.
Last week, Ricky Chavis, a 40-year-old handyman and friend of the family,
stood trial on the same charges.
But with quite a different account of how the murder unfolded, although Mr.
Rimmer was also the prosecutor.
The jury was handed down a verdict in the Chavis matter, but it'll remain sealed until
after proceedings against the came brothers are concluded.
Was this bizarre or what?
What?
What?
Legal experts say it's rare for prosecutors to conduct simultaneous separate trials for
a crime that only one defender said the defendant's could have committed.
Even the judge in the case, Justice Frank Bell of the Escambia Circuit Court, appears
be mused.
In other words, he keeps scratching his head like Greg and going, yeah, I think that's
the sound you make when you're be mused.
Is it possible for two different jury to find both of them guilty?
The judge said of the two sets of defendants?
He says, yes, it is possible for two different juries to find both of them not guilty, yes,
unusual, very unusual.
He did not discuss what would happen if the verdicts were split.
This puzzling scenario is a reason because of the changing testimony given by the own
defendants.
Initially Derek confessed to the murder of his father, Tirili King Forty, who was hit
repeatedly on the head in November 26, while sleeping in a recliner living room.
I went in there and hit him once and heard a moan, he said, I was afraid he'd wake up
and see us, so I kept on hitting him, I killed him.
Then the house in, what is that Canton man?
I don't know.
I never heard of that place in my life.
Well, anyway, at the blue collar, several of Pensacola was set on fire to cover up the
murder.
The boy said they threw their bed on their bed, doused the blanket with charcoal
lighter fluid and said it light.
Derek said they ran out the back door.
Alex confessed to coming up with the idea like his brother.
He provided chilling detail that seemed to place him firmly on the scene of the crime.
He told deputies he saw his father's brains roll, holding his head and heard a sound
like the person that has slightly stopped up nose as the dying man struggled for his
breath.
That was the sound.
Neighbor said Mr. King was a strictness of Linarian, although there were no indications
he had physically abused his boys.
He had custody of the children, his mother would not live with him for seven years.
Derek was placed with foster parents for seven years until he became so out of control
they returned him to his father two months before the killing.
Matters became less clear, cut when a grand jury and died at Mr. Chavison murdered
charges last spring.
The brothers had changed their story.
Now they said, kind like the Menendez brothers.
Now they said the man had killed their father and persuaded them to take the blame arguing
they would receive lighter sentences as juveniles.
Prosecutors say Mr. Chavison convicted child molester that came obsessed with Alex and
produced love notes from the boy to bolster their case.
Before I met Rick I was straight but now I'm gay one said.
Mr. Chavison has also been charged with sexual misconduct against a child.
That case will go to trial next month.
In the new version of the murder the brothers said that Mr. Chavison killed their father
when they hid in the trunk of his car.
They hoped to live with Mr. Chavison would take him in when they ran away from home 10 days before
the murder.
In testimony last week Alex said he loved Mr. Chavison and had sex with him.
I was in love with Rick and he let me play video games and stuff.
It was fun or over at his house I guess he said.
But the videotape statements to the police are not the only evidence against the boys.
They confess to various people including their mother.
In addition Derek's former guardian said he told them two days before the murder.
The boys wanted to kill their father and had a plan.
Lab tests also showed the boys had paint in around their shoes and accelerament that could have
been used to start the fire which melted the murder weapon.
Telephone records corroborate Mr. Chavison claim that the boys called him after the killing
and asked him to pick them up.
They show a call was made from a pay phone or convenience store to his home at the same time
in Abermate 9-11 call to report the fire.
During the trial last week Michael Rolo, Mr. Chavison lawyer, hammered away at the inconsistencies
in the boys testimony.
Their intricate knowledge of the crime contradict that their new and improved story he said while
the paint in around their shoes implicated them in the murder. Derek explained that the paint
in was on their shoes because they had helped their father paint a part of the house earlier in the fall.
The lawyer also words Mr. Chavison's jury not to be deceived by the boys youth and a perine
innocence. We don't like to say that children with terrific faces can be called calculating
homicidal psychopaths he said. Well here because of the King boys lie they either lie to the police
or they lie to you. All three defendants face mandatory sentences of life in prison without
parole of convicted. Well there you go there's the story who's on first. Man talk about confusing.
Why not just fry all three of them just in case. Okay they're from Pensacola anyway.
298 votes on our poll today this is a read this may be the most screwed up poll of all and some of
the votes are for real not too many. Should Augusta National be forced to accept women
to admit women to do women 298 votes know it's a private club 137 many of those votes are bogus.
I don't care golf is crap 105 and yes they're discriminating only 56. You see you've got it
wrong Mr. you've got it as usual wrong nobody wants a bunch of goddamn bull likes and I'll
go out of the masters. We'll let that one chart to him because he's pretty damn good.
How come I'm doing like that? I was speaking of awards and the voices. You see did you read this
story that you facts me teach you reprimanded for word choice? Sure. Now this isn't the time
before right. Who I'm trying to think there was only a year or two ago we had the same thing
within a year I thought on the very same word anyway a fourth grade teacher at Williams
Elementary School this is in Wilmington, Delaware has received a formal reprimand for teaching her
students the word niggerdly the teacher's son said yesterday niggerdly as in and then we were
just talking about rumor last week teacher Stephanie Belts had to use the word niggerdly which
means stingy or miserly the regular discussion about literary characters but parent acwana walker
who's black protested the use of the word saying it offended her because it sounds similar to a
racial slur. Well this is almost a carbon copy the one we had before. Ms. Belts are the national
the North Carolina. What is that got to do with it? It's in the Wilmington star it says Wilmington
and I don't know where this is it says William is well well maybe we'll find out if we keep going
the educated associate the educators told her not to talk with anyone about the situation I really
wish I could she said but tarol bell T.A.R.L. you know a lot of people named tarol no sure yeah
a lot of the son said nothing prevents him from talking about it mr. Belts who's 17 in a high
school graduate they called me mr. Belts said a letter from principal Susan Hans stated that his
mother used poor judgment the letter he said also instructed his mother to send an apology to
her students parents a step she took last week the letter which mr. Belts said he has read also
had managed Ms. Belts who is white oh and by the way can I back up one second okay that lengthy
chilling piece that I read before that was chilling the other stuff they say chilling is crap but
people shouldn't infer from that that they knew what was going to happen in other words you know
starting award them because we are continuing to hear that they felt that the attack the next
delkite the next delkite attack was going to be something overseas they never expected anything
of the magnitude or certainly domestic like that we got what called our pants down she what I'm
saying right so she's not suggesting that they knew the world trade center in the Pentagon we're
going to bomb anyway mr. Belts who's 17 in a high school graduate said a letter which Mr. Belts
said he's read also had managed Ms. Belts who is white for lacking sensitivity to the school's
diverse population of students and not being aware of cultural differences he said the letter said
it would go in the Ms. Belts person elfile within five days mr. Belts said it also gave Ms.
Belts the option of responding and said catered to comply with the directives in letter which included
sensitivity trained would lead to further action he said in addition of the letter Ms. Walker's
hand with her students and it goes on a great line i just i mean what are we talking about
niggerly it's a real word i mean talk about a little bit too often and you know what the word is i'm
thinking stupid yeah because people who don't understand what the world word really means those
people get upset because they're stupid not if i don't make a list of all the words that offend me
because they sound like speak those who don't like to play kiss a niggerly person good morning
what's wrong with that even cheap people deserve to be kissed in the morning
do they oh well i don't know maybe when you go to lunch with rimmer you'll find out he's not
cheap he's not cheap at all he pays you know that's what he says and they did pay for i'd ride
concepts i bet you're fairly well to check she's great you know yeah very nice she's very nice
and he told me about the peas for my elbow and although he did make the call nice going rumor and
thanks again for dr. what's your name what's your name poscum yep no dr. half the hamft it's a strange
name hamft she's great and you notice i don't have any sinus anymore it came right out of my nose
now i don't have any sinus congestion or infection and the stuff in my throat man i sound great
of course my elbows killing me so now we got to find the elbow doctor see that's the problem
now everybody's a specialist whatever happened to like i there was a doctor in rochester doctor
joe rock i've put it this before and no matter what you had he would come to the house with his
little black sack not the one from balance for life but it had all the pills and it and stuff
and and that was it if you had chicken pies if you had measles if you had the mom said no matter what
and he won doctor and it would come to your house right now you got you got not only a specialist
for your hand you got the index finger doctor you got the middle finger doctor which i'd like to
give the most doctors and you got the pinky to you know everybody's a god damn specialist
so if this thing don't clear all of the ice is helping a lot i'm going to go get some peas
and then if i don't eat the peas i can send them off to my return she likes peas
it's uh... eleven past new as you know past nine at five fifty double hey reena we got some
peace coming out send them a fed x collect hey you've heard me talking about becoming a high paid
computer professional and about the large number of jobs that are out there waiting for if you
want to start making some serious cash here's the deal for you the question is how do you find a good
school that will help you accomplish all of these things well there's only one school that's got
four convenient locations in the end of our including their spiffy new and kindle there's only one
school that's got certified Microsoft instructors convenient day evening and weekend classes there's
only one school that's got full-time job placement department with over 30 years experience again
people placed with a school you can complete your program and get certified in just four short
months and we're talking about real hands-on training and that school of courses fast train just
as tied wreck you'll give you all the details if i can i'm going to start doing i'm going to start
given their number and his home number for people to want more information so get up off your
butt pick up the phone call fast train and start making some serious bucks maybe as much as thought
as making but i doubt it and he don't like he don't work a lick to make it call toll free one eight
six he might look at one eight six six fast train that's one eight six six fast train starting
tomorrow we'll give tubs number two or check them out on the web at fast train dot com
my country we have no any girl tell me why
what i do sprux have got you know the
it's is now two
why
just
You welcome the widest proofs, have no tea.
All good.
Have no tea.
Overdive the proofs.
Why do they show where their castles?
New favorites out there not with soap or brush or...
No!
Show off their dance or work that if we dare,
If I found out who their dances were like eggs,
Go in there.
Oh, why, why, why, why, why don't schools glow their nose?
Here that snores from the last word,
I pay a walk past the shore.
No issues, welcome, welcome.
Oh, why don't schools glow their nose?
Oh, why don't schools glow their nose?
I'm going to see that 560.
WQM.
So Tom and Volkowon-Conoz and OAS is what an article
where did you get that mean to one by Cheryl Oceal?
Yes.
Writers.net.
And her name is Cheryl Oceal, S-E-A-L.
I don't have the exact website.
I mean, you know, writers.net, I think we'll give you a start.
You want to say?
I think you do the article.
She's got a series of these articles.
And by the way, above the article was a quote from John P. O'Neal 1996,
who said no longer was it just if you were being attacked
by international terrorist organizations,
attacks against Americans, Americans, and terrorists overseas.
A lot of these groups now have the capability and the support infrastructure
inside the United States to attack us here if they choose to do so.
That was what he said in 1996.
I just mentioned that in passing.
So there's your answer, Tom.
I'm glad somebody enjoyed it.
I don't know if I enjoyed it as the word.
Somebody was alarmed by it.
Somebody was chilled by it.
Somebody was nauseated and grossed out by it.
Now, what is this?
This is from the Amir in the UK that you just found which I haven't read yet.
Is this worth talking about?
I don't know.
It says, even before September 11th, all airport workers should have had tough security checks,
since that day it's been absolutely crucial a single rogue employee could call it an absolute devastation.
So it's incredible, all high-speed, the British thing.
It's incredible that 15 illegal immigrants have been found working as cleaners on jets at Heathrow in London.
Every person who's hired to go airside is supposed to go through stringent security investigations
that couldn't have happened at these 15.
They had no genuine documents and no real identities as far as the British authorities were concerned.
This is not the first time massive security latches at airports have been revealed by the Daily Mirror since 9-11.
Each time we were told that the procedures were being tightened and that it can't happen again and yet it does.
An aviation security expert says that a little has been done to approve the safety of flights.
He's obviously right.
A week ago a passenger was seized at a Swedish airport when he tried to take a gun on board on his way to the UK.
If you tried to fly from this country, he might well have succeeded, possibly with appalling consequences.
When are the airport authorities, airlines and police going to take airport security seriously before the next atrocity or after it asks the UK Daily Mirror?
How do you like that? So at least we ought to feel better if it's not just us.
They're just as lax over there as we are.
Sad, pathetic.
Like I said, put on a good dog and pony show and calm everybody down.
Oh, it's going to be okay and then hold your breath.
Law suit against Montsenior dropped after questions arrive over the validity of claims.
See, we don't do like a one-sided thing on here except for politics.
You know what I'm saying?
I got it.
Politics.
We're not doing any bush-like in stories on this show.
By the way, I'm sure glad that I saved that article when I faxed it to you.
All kinds of calls coming into the front office and everywhere else in the building wanting to know where to find that.
Okay, I'll give you more.
And you know something, the person who faxed it to me, Al, I don't want to use his last name.
And I thank him very, very much because I never would have found this.
The article is called Smoking Gun.
The evidence that may hang GW Bush Part III.
John O'Neill was the casualty of the Bush administration question mark.
Her name is Cheryl Seal, S-E-A-L.
Cheryl C-H-E-R-Y-L.
You can do a search.
And Writers.net is where her material appears.
So that's, you know, and I don't have a specific website where this article was downloaded from you know what I'm saying?
You following me?
I'm following.
I don't know if it was on Writers.net or someplace else, but she is, her stuff is on her.
Anyway, it'll link you up with her anyway, Cheryl Seal.
It's phenomenal and it's annoying and aggravating.
And I believe every single word of it, every single word of it, they just caught caught with their pants down.
They never expected it was going to be on our soil and they certainly never expected anything of that magnitude.
And there's something else in there which I skipped over during the reading because I was trying to get it in before the end of the hour.
That May 23rd, $43 million that allegedly was to encourage them to quick grow into poppies, right?
That was like it said, it was a pot-sweetening deal.
We're not talking about the kind of pot that you smoke.
A pot-sweetening deal for the oil pipeline.
It was like a bribe.
And you guys will hand it in.
You remember who gave them the $43 million check?
No, I forgot.
Our good post-personal friend, Colin Powell.
Oh, yeah.
So widely booed yesterday at the UN Earth Conference.
Our good friend, Roland Cullen.
Let's roll.
Law suit against Montenegro dropped after questions arise over the validity of claims.
A former alter-boy who had led to the high-ranking church official molested him in the 1980s
withdrew his lawsuit yesterday after questions arose about the validity of his claims.
Montenegro, Michael Smith Foster, the chief cannon lawyer for the Earth's Dicies of Boston, said he was eager for the Earth's Dicies to reinstate him and help restore his reputation.
He had maintained his innocence since Paul Edwards, 35, first claim last month in a lawsuit against Foster and the Earth's Dicies that foster more than a year.
And he molested him repeatedly when Edwards was a teenager in Newton.
I am grateful to God.
No, God.
That the truth has been revealed.
He said at news conference with his three attorneys, these false accusations have done harm not only to me, but also the true victims of abuse.
Edwards threw his attorney with through his lawsuit yesterday.
The lawsuit was dismissed with prejudice, meaning it cannot be refiled, said Ellen Martin won a Foster's Lawyers.
Last week, Edwards, former lawyer, Eric J. Parker withdrew from the case saying, issues arose central to the allegations by Edwards,
a hearing on Martha the Maris of the Lawsuit have been scheduled for today.
The case renews concerns about a rushed judgment for priest accused of abuse and how the Archdiocese investigates such claims.
This is in today's, or yesterday's, Boston Globe.
A turtle, Peter Herms, said Foster planned to send letter to the Archdiocese, acting that he be reinstated as judicial vicar, Foster also drafted an email to send to fellow cannon lawyer, saying that the lawsuit have been dismissed and noting his concerns about the investigation.
What has happened over these weeks with the Church's investigation remains a mystery to me, the email sent.
I anxiously await word from the Archdiocese, saying, Monday, plan to re-instate me and according to their own guidelines, help me restore my reputation.
So he's also waiting for the church to us step in.
Remember what Michael said? Step back in. Remember that?
Yes.
And speaking of that stuff, Pope picks Bishop to fill Palm Beach post after abuse scandal.
See, one thing on this show, we're never going to have a shortage of these stories, even though the rest of the media has gotten tired of it.
We've had enough of those stories and they smoothed it over real nice, you know?
They did their dog and pony show. Everybody, see, that's one thing about this world. Everybody says the dog and pony show. Just ask Joe Dodg-Yola.
He's always on that dog show telecast because he can't get any other gig, you know, who now wants him on there?
He must be about 100 years old now, you know? At least.
And you know what he's famous for saying, don't you?
I don't want to say it.
Get a check.
And he got him. He got him, which is also as good as he questions. Almost as good as Joe's again, but not quite.
Joe Dodg-Yola.
Man, there's a guy who made a ton of money with no talent. He was a mediocre catcher with a cardinals and a pirate.
A very, very mediocre ball player. He kind of talked like that, you know?
And made a fortune in radio. Are you aware of that?
Yeah.
Not only was he on the today show, but then he took that money and bought a whole bunch of routine of like radio stations and small markets.
I wonder if he has anything to do with that intercom. I doubted.
But anyway, he was on that dog show.
What do they call it? The Westminster Kennel Club thing?
That's what it is. The Westminster Kennel Club thing.
Pope Pips Bishop, they Bishop known for his tough policies and sexual abuse good, was named yesterday by Pope John Paul the tooth to lead the diocese of Palm Beach.
What a sure-hat problems there in Palm Beach folks replacing a bishop who quit after admitting he molested the student years ago.
Bishop Sean Patrick O'Malley, good Irish son and boy, will be installed October 19, served as Bishop in the 400,000 member fall river mass diocese.
Since 1992 in Massachusetts, when he was called up to clean up a sexual abuse scandal surrounding allegations against the former priest.
O'Malley 58 is credited with establishing a model system for dealing with sex abuse accusations against priests, which include referring victims to social workers, unaffiliated with the church, and conducting background checks for all employees and volunteers.
He succeeds the anxious Bishop Anthony O'Connell who resigned in March after admitting he molested the seminary in more than 25 years ago.
O'Connell and Turin succeeded Bishop J. Kennett, a Keith Simon's who admitted in 1998 that he molested five altrabords decades earlier, Simon's resigned.
O'Malley yesterday assured the public that his background is free of scandals and accusations. He said he impranced implement at least some of the policies he started in the fall river and yoddy-oddy-oddy-oddy-oddy.
The Reverend Raymond Mahor, a priest at St. Jude Catholic Church in Bocawetton called the new appointment a great blessing.
I know that his reputation is a great healer and a great administrator precedes him Mahor said.
Does he relate to Bill Mahor, do you think?
No, it's John.
How about John Mahor, used to do news on ABC?
Here in Detroit and in Battle Creek. Remember John Mahor? Of course you know who the hell that is. He was a good newsman and a great voice.
Back in the golden days of radio and radio was worth having. Back before all these handful of companies bought up all the stations, like what is this one company? Enter Calm?
People are starting to ask around town after that story I read in the first hour. What tell us Enter Calm?
Just what do the beesleaves have up their sleeves and are they ever going to tell the truth?
No.
Are we ever going to find out? Well, nobody ever tells the truth on that stuff. Like with Cox Broadcasting, remember that?
I remember that meeting that anxious meeting with a little punky Bob O'Neill, whatever his name is.
From Atlanta, who came and I'll tell you how short Bob Neill is. He came up to Georgia's ankle. That's how short he made me feel tall.
Peace or craft?
I have better things to do at my time. We tried everything with a station and we can't make any money. Let's see if anybody else can do it.
And guess what? We went over to Paxon and the log was sold out every day. Remember that? Much higher rates?
Yeah. So if a pup like Paxon could make money with IOD, what was wrong with Cox?
And my comment to Bob Neill is Cox a hoist.
27 after noon at 5.60 WQM. Hey, let me tell you something. If your dog is done what I just said all over your carpet, like mine has get dry concepts in there.
Even the most messed up carpets in the world will look just like brand new when they get done with their exclusive patented dry cleaning concept.
They're the only ones in the world. I guess that's where they got the name from. My concept makes sense to me. They've been doing it in town for over 20 years, 23 years.
And oh, in my house for over 20 years. And man, I'll tell you when you think your carpets have had it, they come in and surprise you and show you that even the nastiest, the smelliest, the skankiest looking carpet in the world, they can turn a miracle on.
Because they suck out even the deep down dirt way down the farmers of your carpet and leave them looking brand new. They're drying just a couple of hours. You're going to have a big smile on your face.
No rip offs because they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing the work.
And they also do an unbeatable job of cleaning your furniture and drapery spot dying, fiber protection, carpet repairs, implant oriental rug service, the authorization and if a flood strikes your home, complete water damage restoration too.
So if you want to be guaranteed with a phenomenal job at a very fair price, these are the people you want to be calling. Even my mother uses them, the rimmers use them and they pay by the way.
My aunt, my me, everybody that's got a brain in Broward call 9.5.4.3707778. Isn't that nice to take you my aunt at discount? In Broward call 9.5.4.3707778. And Dator Palm Beach call them toll free. I wonder if they keep her any peas with the job. 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071.
Clean today, entertain tonight with dry concept.
I'm going to watch this rubber go losers. Your mind is well vote for me. Your mind is well vote for me. I know that Clinton isn't as tall. And for that matter, so is once a pro. But I just cannot but for all but all.
Everybody says he's too old. That's why I'm telling you, Robert, don't lose it. When no mission to this. He's not ever gonna do it.
Both for him and you are stupid. Gonna watch this rubber go losers. Your mind is well vote for me. Your mind is well vote for me.
24.560-w2. I was going to do my Clinton dole stir with a king interview last night, but I will in a minute.
But first the shocking thing you just fact me here. I went out to the shower and got my apron. So you haven't been making a bad mistake. I had the equipment because I had the apron in the shower and then I forget about it.
Kind of like that forget about it Friday. I forget about the apron, which is a bad idea because I should put the shower in my nose and breathe in that steamy hot air like Dr. Hamptom.
But also I'm sitting here and I realized and I yonded when you opened up and I thought well I must be getting a little plugged up again. So I went out and just got my apron. So oh man, don't I sound great better. Yeah, I do. No. Get out of here. You're so full of crap. If I wouldn't have just told you I do somebody you're right.
How about now? No. Democrat and Chronicle and Rochester, New York, my hometown. Let's go to Don and Bob. So they're not there anymore. God. You know something that should be illegal.
That was a place I'm not talking about the one out there by sea breeze. I mean the one in Brighton on Monroe Avenue. If I went in road, you know where I'm talking about right next to you. You know what I'm talking about Don and Bob's Mr. they should never been allowed to get bought out by the window. I guess did they close or they had they closed first the Wendy's guy bought him out and he ruined it and then they closed it down.
He's a crap. Let's go for some chocolate almond fudge frozen custard. What do they call that in other places frozen custard? Sure, but I don't know. No, no, no, not sure but man. It's like it's more like ice cream. But boy it is creamy. Oh, that chocolate almond fudge frozen custard. It's done and Bob's that was and also at Abbott's in where the hell's Abbott's in Pittsburgh. Rochester's got some good stuff. They got lilacs and they had that and that's it. That's it. And the red wings it's over stadium, which used to be red wings stadium.
Do you know that I saw the Rochester red wings playing Ottawa on my digital cable day of the night? No, I don't know that for about 10 seconds. What do you think I'm going to watch that to you?
I don't mean if I'm not if I'm not watching Major League Baseball, do you think I'm going to watch that? Don't be like my watching reruns of the St. John's Maple Leafs on Leaf TV, you know. Although the big league Leafs or at least they used to be till the season, but they they have a thing where they condensed games from the past season for the league fans who need a fix during the summertime when there's no hockey going on. They condensed the games down.
They take out all the face offs and the interruptions and the commercials and not the commercials they put and you know what I'm talking about the breaks right and the condensed game down to an hour.
I just mentioned that for anybody wants to subscribe to Leaf TV because maybe that my good buddy John whatever his name is who used to be on CBC with those his name, rumors buddy. John Shannon. Oh, maybe he'll give me some leaf tickets this season. I doubt it. Anyway, this is a shocking from the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle.
They have lived with a secret for more than 30 years and it's starting to leak out in public. Squirt, Squirt. The more it does, the better says the group of local men who claim that they were molested decades ago by their parish pastor.
Officials from the Roman Catholic dioceses have Rochester are struggling to determine the extent of the reported misconduct by the Reverend Francis Ate vote as V-O-G-T.
This week a diocesan spokesman acknowledged that the dioceses had received two credible complaints to sexual abuse against vote. One lives in 1993, the other this year.
He has been retired for two decades. He's now 90 years old and lives in the St. Joseph's Comet and firmery and Pittsburgh. I've had his enjoy that great ice cream.
Reportedly frail and unable to recall some events. Oh, he's got Ronnie Reagan convenient the lapse of emery disease. For the group of men who remains unforgettable.
This man took my life away said Bernard Venita is 42 Rochester who retire who recounted votes alleged molestation to the diocese in May.
Venita said the priest repeatedly molested preteen boys for years when he was assigned to the same Bridget Church. Let me say it again preteen boys. You know what's time to keep trying to say all this is just a gay guy going for a young guy.
And story after story we're talking eight and nine and ten preteen to me it sounds like before early in the 13 right.
Right. Younger than 13.
At the when he was assigned to St. Bridget Church a city per se made up largely of immigrant families in the 50s 60s and 70s for other men also spoke with the Democrat and Chronicles on the condition that their names not be used.
This happened 30 some years ago and it just doesn't go away said one of the men who's 45 and lives in Rochester. He took away my innocence.
The case illustrates not only the lifelong effects on victims of sex abuse but also the difficulty that I see spaces they try to restore their credibility in the wake of that sex abuse scandal that continues to shake the Catholic Church.
Rochester diocesan officials believe the allegations they received so far are credible but they're having trouble investigating further because of votes age and the like the time since the alleged abuse of diocesan spokesman Michael Tedesco Tedeshi you know what that is?
No, tell your man German.
Ah.
He has not really been in a present now I mean that's what that means. He has not been in a position to provide testimony he's not been able to respond to the allegations to Desco said the investigation into this allegations really one side of because of his health and age.
When confronted this summer with details of the allegations vote told us as officials he couldn't remember and he neither confirmed nor denied the alleged abuse to Desco said.
The need test that he was disappointed by the I see's response to his complaint they didn't call me back he said I had to continually call them I feel like I was victimized again and I'm still pissed off about it.
The I see did offer to make counseling cost with the need test term to slap in a push.
A 40 year old Rochester man said he had no intention to go to the I see's with his account.
Others say they wanted the I see to do more to seek out victims.
Today's go said that I see was doing the best of can victims of sexual abuse by a priest of any diocesan employer can have an open invitation to contract the what is it to contact the I see's for counseling he said.
But he says another say they believe more than a hundred boys had encounters with both more than a hundred.
Now why do we can't remember?
You know what I mean?
Yeah, probably remembers a couple of them.
God 21 till and one at five sixty we got mad dog Jim Mandish or one baby got some heavy duty stuff because football and I see now not only is the summertime over baseball is coming to an end which it may not.
Yeah who cares.
Now they got the football going now our sports nerds are really in high gear.
Everyone talking about good so he'll be on a one and Hank from a crystal palace is Hank ever coming back.
Oh it looks now on my schedule it looks like he's in the studio tomorrow Hank is that correct according to my schedule also so maybe I'll run into him.
Tom layman loves neo-rodgers listers that's why he's created the Neil deal that's going on right now in Halett save big humongous dollars and all Pontiacs and GM season stock.
Just mentioned you heard this spot on the Eroger show don't be bashful mention my name they won't throw you out stop by Halett Pontiac GMC at 134 one stop fix you highway.
That's US one across from the falls where every single vehicle on the lot is marked with lowest price but mentioned the Eroger deal and save even more.
Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including that on-boy loaded by motor trend is the SUV the year plus the the spiffy all new vibe SUV with the power of a big expensive sports car.
Halett's also got a dependable selection of great pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs and if some of the dealer in town anywhere turn you down for credit don't worry about it forget about it because they'll make a great deal at Halett.
So get you the neo-rodgers deal right now and Halett Pontiac GMC 134 one stop fix you highway that's prestigious US one right across from the falls open every day of your life seven days a week for more information you can call them a 305 238 40 305 238 40 folks you're going to love doing business with Halett Pontiac GMC where they say we are professional grades.
I want him to do me. He's so smooth and plain.
He's way too pretty I can't be straight I guess a city and who he's gay and my hands are quicker watching Superman.
Oh, I'm willing to grab. He's well. I'm well.
I'm willing. I'm willing. I'm willing. I'm willing. I'm willing.
But of course, Halett isn't being very credible. He can't get laid on that show. You know when you look like that you got to maybe it's a size 13 feet. Maybe they're intimidating.
So when is a new season started of a small building somebody already fax this last week. The an hour already forgot they must have fall on me September sometime in September.
Sometimes soon as a matter of fact anyway so early when the show we had the facts from the guy who says if you could have only one of the following who you picked Tom Welling Tom Brady Andy Roddick Charles a Chris Klein Josh Hart and or Miguel from passions.
And I've been thinking about it and I think my response is surprise me. Just just wrap one up. Yeah when I come home from dinner tonight I'll go out to dinner. I'll come back for the evening and just surprise me and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open
the door. I'll come back for the evening and I'll open the door.
plantation. Welcome back to the Mojawa David
a show where we're juxtaposed aini but good clean family fun. You know that
pipe smokin' jizz guys load thinks rape is funny. Is that funny? Plays
crashing into buildings is funny too huh? Since when is gang rape funny?
Especially when it's me getting my teeth back granddad. What a jackass. Hey how about
the hurricane? Well no no no don't go tap there so when I talk this is
important they don't know comedy I'll show them comedy. Today I brought my
collection of lumenabna tapes. Oh? Lumenabna you're more on they even named the
restaurant after lumb. Uh oh. That you cluelish muck. We'll get back to that
later right now it's time for our transcendent mid show snack. Bring the
morning mayor his food. Oh here they are. My favorite place to die.
I got some bokeh. Diggin' up everybody. Hmm what is it? Shment? Looks like a
donut. No it's the vane embryos from plant-parenthood in the hood. But it's good.
Try it with the garter sauce. I beast. So play that Alice Cooper record.
There's a little atmosphere for you to help it go down the gullet.
Big baby I really dig that Alice Cooper. See? I'm with it and I'm hip. I'm a
hipster. At least once only the wolf was good.
Here. I got some more transcendent here. I learned your spell at this. Thanks
for your help. I had mad dog coming up at one followed by that fat Jew right
after the queer in the spiky. What's that? It's a play. It's a play.
It's a play. It's a play. It's an event for your ass. Oh, that's a quick.
Trump 56 at 5.60 WQIM. Man accused of raping two runs killing one speaking of raping
funny. It's not funny. Did we ever say it was funny? I don't think so.
Police have charged a man in the sling of a nun who was attacked as she recited
the rosary while on a walk with another nun. Both women were sexually assaulted
police said. This is in claim of falls, Oregon. Sister Helen Chaske 53 became the first
homicide victim in claim of county this year when she was killed by walking on a
bike path just after midnight Sunday. The second victim was treated at a hospital
and released. Next in Miliano, Celerio Esparza 32 was charged with aggravated murder,
kidnapping of assault, satamy, sexual abuse and possession and delivery of a
controlled substance. It was being held without bail of claim of county jail.
A district attorney at Caleb said Esparza had just left the only strip joint in
claim of falls before he attacked the women. He then came down there,
ran into them, attacked them, beat them severely to weaken them and then
proceeded to sexually assault both of them and we believe strangle one of them.
Caleb said. Prosecutors said they plan to seek the death penalty. The nuns both
of W. Washington are members of the order of the Immaculate Heart of Mary and
were in claim of falls doing missionary work. Oh, there's so many lines for this
derby. I'm moving right along. They are traditionalist orthodox Catholic by
faith and unaffiliated with the Roman Catholic Church. In a phone conversation
with the Oregonian, he's surviving nonsense. He's been finding comfort in prayer.
We don't understand why that was happened, but it's all his plan. Whatever his
reason will know in eternity, it's so hard for us to honor it to fathom these
things. He said it was very hard. Like I said, a lot of lines for the story, but
better, you know, because rape is not funny. That's right. Speaking of
insensitive and speaking of a crappy attitude, you know, he's a good one to be
to be talking about that. When he and the mad dog and everybody else on our,
now I don't know what Hank has said about the issue, but probably the same thing.
No one of our sports nerd guys pretty much sing the same song about
certain things. And as far as being sexist pigs, they're all pretty much in the same
category. Oh, yeah, we don't want no women in our
custody. And I agree the women's groups are a pain in the ass, but that's not the
issue. There are a lot of militant groups of very minority that are a pain in the
ass. That's not the issue. And it's also not the issue of, well, so if they let
them in there, what are they going to do? Who the hell cares? That's not the point.
Maybe Rosa Parks never wrote on that bus again. Okay, maybe that was just one
time. Just this one time I'll write in front of this bus, then I'm going to take a
cab, you know, probably a good idea to Rosa. You know what I'm saying? I heard
your, our poll question today, which the result of course is totally egregious and
grotesque and disgusting. Whatever that means. Should I go,
Augusta National be forced to admit women know what's a private club, 164.
Now we know on a lot of those, but we look 352 votes, many bogus. Bogus,
probably mad dog and the more voting together on this as they were going over
notes for saw the Sunday that often game, you're asking me. Well,
somebody in there must know. Nope. Nobody knows. Nobody knows. That's good.
That means we got no professional sports nerds in this crowd. Anyway, one
66, no, it's a private club. I don't care golf is crap. That's an excellent
vote, by the way, 123. And yes, they're discriminating, which of course is the
right answer, only 68, including my vote. And I'll say it again if they're
beloved Tiger Woods. Five years ago, if he would have been back, made, made the
scene back at that time, would he have been allowed in Augusta? No chance
because Billy Bob Johnson, whatever that red next name was, he wouldn't let
him in there. We don't know a lot of those spooks in here. Five years ago,
they finally under tremendous duress and pressure allowed one black guy in
there. And that's the only reason Tiger Woods is in there. And of course, Tiger
Hanck on the stand up for women. He's too busy, you know, spending all his
billions of dollars. Pyle Krab. So the bottom line of the whole deal is all you
women out there. I hate to break the news there, but all that, all the
old cliches about, you know, women are good in a kitchen in a bedroom. That's
basically it, you know, and now let's go out for the boys, get a few beers and go
to the ballgame. Isn't that basically what it's all about? All right. And especially
on QAM. Bye, bye, bye.
I'm five six. I'm going to QAM. My name is Fort La Riga. My country we have
no need grows. We will return to regular programming momentarily on wqam.com.
Until then, here's the best of sports radio five.
