WRONG ON E.De.
I'm gonna give up my chance to take it one day
You're the one who can't make it
You're the one who can't grab
I'm gonna give up my chance to take it one day
I'm gonna give up my chance to take it one day
I'm gonna give up my chance to take it one day
I'm gonna give up my chance to take it one day
I'm gonna give up my chance to take it one day
I'm gonna give up my chance to take it one day
No i won't孤 чего
I'm Dina, допCom
I'm Dina
I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna
die,
No, but no, it's a way to be
So it's your mouth
Why the hell you basting?
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't
And that's why I think the Jettel have a championship season
And when did I tell you?
You don't talk, do I say you can talk?
This is the beast!
I said shut up! That's old!
But you're like a father to me!
You don't talk to Lam Don't talkin'
When I'm done talking, then you talk!
Okay, I'll...
Hey beast, come here!
Come here! I want you to be the friend of mine!
Mr. Golf Club!
Why are you and I...
I've got to show you the business entities that they come in
And...
This court sentences you to 20 years in Oz
What you info?
I don't care if my mattress looks like we'll be your bunk mates
The names more how it dates
Starry Stage Screen and Theratites
What's yours?
Nick Olmikofe, you got so pan!
Thank you, man!
Hey, you gonna...
So far, Drill, I'm gonna make you my...
Hey, nobody's gonna stop you!
God! God!
You little pinky!
All right, shower time, we got 10 minutes
Oh, it was to be safe and easy
Yo, both of you!
Yo, man!
It's so pretty!
You know who I am?
No, come in, then don't pick it up now!
I'll be a bulletin' ass!
All right, but I expect a pregnant apology
I might just put that broom in and a bow jacket on
A bow jacket!
I'll fix your hat!
A bow jacket!
The warden will see you now!
Well, Mr. David!
Hello, Warden!
Jack! Jack Warden!
How can it help you?
You see Warden?
Yeah, I keep getting raped
You!
He's a vanish-head!
Jarl look into it right away
Thanks, Warden!
Some time, some time!
But it's out! Drop your pat!
I said drop your pat!
This is odd!
Mavers don't come to you!
Yo, yo, yo!
Let's rape mode!
Free the old big shot!
That's how we pass the time away!
In the gay old jail of us!
Oh!
903-560-W-Q-A-M
What can I say, huh?
I'm speechless and I'm sure you are too
Let's just play that all day today, what do you say?
Let's just play that for four hours!
Sounds good to me, sounds like a winner
Anyway, our poll yesterday, we asked who is the most evil person in South Florida?
787, 787 votes
And you noticed the 390 votes for Rush that came in the day before
That guy must have taken him day off today
Yesterday, whatever
787, Mayor Alex Penga-Pakania, 243 votes
He's the winner! Let's hear it from Mayor Penga-Pakania
H-Wane Hype-Penga, 216
He gave him a good battle neck and neck right down to the wire
Joe Carrroyo, did you notice the misspelling was on there yesterday like that or not?
It was on there, yeah, like that
Joe Carrroyo with only one R, you can't roll it if it's only got one R, I don't think, Canyon
You shouldn't roll it if it's only got one
I see, so don't roll it
Joe Carrroyo, 126
Mojawa David did pretty good, 107
Breaking the century mark and the crack in the top four
And then it was way down to the small potatoes, Greg Reed 38, Nick Navarro 37, out of sight, out of mind
And PD Bolger only 20
And that's because all the people he's destroyed are long gone, they're all in welfare somewhere
Here's our poll today, we do this about every six months
Our religion poll, which are you?
And of course the inspiration for this coming from the fact that where the hell is it?
Oh yeah, in the hero today, Catholic ranks booming in South Florida and the Jews have fled
They county like there was a bomb scare, but we'll get to that momentarily
Okay, here's the religion poll and there's no opinion involved here, all of you think it involves an opinion?
I guess that's what it's about, right?
I see
Hurricane Isador, I asked George before the show was this a Jewish hurricane?
Is that what that's all about? Isador, is he thinking about it?
Oh, and the new pizza lock opens a week from Monday
I see Marcy told me September 3rd, she just left off at the end
September 3rd, the Monday, this came in after the show
Yes, Monday the 23rd trend 1pm
Oh, isn't that exciting? So right at the end of the show, and I consider much all those pages come flying across my effects machine
And Tuesday morning we can sit in a Nash and Hash and examine and analyze them
It'll be a big day on Tuesday the 24th
And why is that? Small, vell and trends
Oh yeah!
Not necessarily in that order as far as importance goes
Religion poll, which are you? Here are your choices
And I think we left anything out?
No, especially I tagged Wicca on at the end there
What? Wicca, it's for real
Yeah, out of here Wicca, Marius
I know Wicca's
Which are you? Atheist?
Jewish, Buddhist, Hindu, Christian, scientist, Mormon, Jehovah's Witness
Scientologist, Moislam, Sikh, and Wicca
Wicca, what? Sikh? I just wrote Wicca, is the name of the religion
It is not Sikh, it's Sikh
Oh, that's how they pronounce it
Captain Singh is going to stab you with his gem
Last time I talked to him, he said I'm Sikh and I said, well here's my mother's doctor's number
He said no thanks
It's Sikh
All right
I'm going to play that bit again
I can't stop, I can't control myself
And by the way, Bokabrai and both of those covers for your CD are
Grotesque, unacceptable, okay?
Go back to the drawing board
See, he said it was just me that I'm a hyper-sulver
No, it was not just you, those are grotesque
The disc is great with the exception number two on there
But the covers are unacceptable
And get with it, okay?
Times of Waston, it's already September 20th, get with it
U.S. threat to stop Iraqi inspections
On the good news is that Carlos is on the payroll
See that?
If I'm making up, what are you laughing about?
Yeah, no, we're proud it's a big major compliment
It's an hour but hey, for a bunch of cheap passage you got there
For the measly beesleaves, for great food
And all these other people that always try to stonewall folks
And you know, this clearance by hiding in a kitchen, they postponed it one extra day
Yeah, and I'm sure that those few cents that those hours are going to come out to that one day
That's going to, that'll be the difference between them being solvent or not
$26 they saved by that one
Woo, heavy duty baby
I was talking, I don't want to say to Roma, can't last in that
But it was taught me about the way that they operate, how they send him checks when he's due a cash
And they like, they'll post-date it
Okay, they'll post-date it
They'll like, one of them was post-date like three months
Hey, speaking of checks, my bonuses do today
contractually and nothing
I don't have a chance to act like that
Okay, don't start in
There's only one thing I can say about your bonus
Yeah
Anyway, so Carlos, where you have finally got him on the payroll, we're getting things moving baby
I told you, we got 15 program directors and operation managers and assistant executives
Heavy duty stuff, what's this breaking news?
The possibility of targeting perhaps the White House or
Oh, I got that story here, that's not breaking news
Pile of sod and ledge plot, I got that right here
You back to you, liars, liars
Did they find him?
Being in Afghanistan was linked to al-Qaeda
And had gotten into Canada sometime not too long earlier
So, but now we hear from sources that this man is actually in US custody
Oh great, there you go, I caught this orange juice
I hope to have more details soon from law enforcement people on exactly who this person is
And what they know about that
So, to these Air Force pilot in US custody, well here was the story that preface that
US intelligence agencies are reportedly searching and now they got them
A So, to these Air Force pilot was said to be plotting into hijack and airliner and crash into the White House
That's according to the Washington Times which quotes US intelligence sources as saying the pilot trained in Afghanistan
And is linked to Osama Yomama bin Laden's al-Qaeda network
There's been no public comment on the report but obviously there is now
US intelligence reports and US policy makers last week indicated that the missing pilot had entered Canada
And was in this country preparing for an attack in Canada
Canadian authorities reportedly say they have no records indicating the pilot had entered the country
The pilot's name is said to be known to US intelligence but of course they're not they're not telling
You ready for that? And we got them baby
So, let's attack Sudan next week
This week we're going to do a rack and then next week it's going to be Sudan
And that's basically what they're saying
That's going to be our new foreign policy
We're going to do attacks of deterrence
We're going to invade countries and we're going to like westernize them other day like it or not
And the new deterrence game plan of the Bush-Maisers is going to be just went in doubt just attack
The American Secretary, this is from the BBC News
I love the way it's written and by the way
We've got some links on our website now on thearodgers.com
Links to Lynn Samuels website and also the news inside of Canada will be getting some more on there
Now that I see how easy that is
And how Eric has just been eating extra breakfast like it would be easy
What do you mean by that?
Well, ask Carlos is it difficult to put those links on there?
No, it's not difficult at all
Piece of cake, see ask Carlos
Don't be making excuses for Eric who's been very busy, he's got to make a living there
Across a lot of bio-led food
Anyway, this is from the BBC
The American Secretary of State Colin Powell has said the United States will find ways to stop weapons and specters going back to Iraq
Unless there is a new UN Security Council resolution on the issue
Addressing a congressional committee Mr. Powell sent a Security Council must spell out to Iraq these serious consequences
If it fails to cooperate with the inspectors
The BBC State Department corresponded to John Lane's as the US is in effect giving an ultimatum to the Security Council
The development came as the chief UN arms inspector Hans Blitz told the Security Council
He hoped to have an advanced party in Iraq on the 15th of October
Mr. Blitz later told reporters an advanced party would go there as soon as possible
We'll select some sites that we think are interesting to go into the early phases he said
So it's not like that it takes two months before we can send any guys out there in the field
It'll be much earlier than that
At the UN Iraqi Foreign Minister Niji Sabri delivered a message from President Saddam
Who's saying according to a accusing Washington of lying about Iraq's weapons
Saddam insists that Baghdad doesn't possess chemical biological or nuclear weapons
Well, one out of three or two out of three in bed
His letter also appeared to qualify Baghdad surprise announcement on Monday that the UN could resume unfettered weapons inspections
In other words, he's made a very bad tactical mistake here
He's opened up the door again, which he'll close it again
He'll say in a couple of days he'll say, oh, guess what I changed my mind, you can do whatever you want
He said any inspectors must respect your arrangements on Baghdad, sovereignty and security
Raising fears that Iraq might prevent access to so-called presidential sites
In other sensitive areas, in other words, where he's got all the crap hidden
The White House called a statement disappointing
Have you really think that they're disappointed by that statement?
No.
No, because that's exactly what they're looking for
Open the door, baby, come on Saddam
Right
Earlier President Bush said a draft resolution to Congress asking it to authorize all necessary and appropriate means to ensure Iraqi compliance
With UN resolutions and to restore peace and security in the region
Mr. Bush also urged the UN Security Council to deal with Iraq or the United States and its allies, what he said
Mr. Bush said negotiations with the Iraqis were over. They're over, baby, we're going in!
Whether anybody likes it or not, whether it makes sense or not, whether he's got anything serious or not
We're going in.
You ready, we're going in
12 minutes after nine at 5.60 WQAM, and all we can say about that is
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do
Let's just play like I said the whole thing over and over all day
Is there still somebody out there who's not playing at VIPSportsbook.com?
I can't even begin to imagine that
Let me tell you then you're missing out on a really great sports book if you not be doing it.
You heard a lot of ads these days but you need to do some research before you put your heart and can't down at some unstable third world sports book in some place called Yenim's wealth.
Let me help you out. VIPsportsbook.com is the only sports book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdogs.
They're Dutch based and they're one of the first online sports books going.
So seriously if you want to go on the role of a lifetime you want to be with the best sports book anywhere in the universe if you're doing it.
And that's VIPsportsbook.com. The football season of course is in full force. Just check out those Patriots man they're kicking some serious smelly ass.
And you need to be with the best VIP sports book.com when the hopper gives you all the winners.
So open an account online and get you a 15% cash on a bonus. Did I mention also they got the highest parliads anywhere up to 2001.
So get over to VIPsportsbook.com and play it a book with serious class. The phone numbers 866 VIP bets 866 VIP bets as a tool for you call.
So or you can go online like I said and get you that 15% cash bonus for signing up online at VIPsportsbook.com where you are the VIP.
I bet the locals this is 560.
The radio's all yours.
QA.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. So ill.
I told the Russian sorry.
For winning the planet would happen much but I'm sure I'm 20 million that's for sure.
Now I'm left just burnt down.
All because it could and made their dues.
All I've got to say is through those Russian dudes.
Lots of bucks they won't it.
Bye bye bye.
Lots of bucks they need.
So I just got the boot now and my lunch got back.
918 at 560 WQA. I'm happy Friday to you.
I don't I don't know why I listen to you know how you get me lucked into this crap.
What?
Wicken why did I put that on there?
Because it's for real.
It is there we got okay look at the votes that are on there Jewish eight atheist eight agnostic seven Wicken seven.
Well that's the guy can vote for that.
I don't want to put a crank choice on there.
The guy can vote for that.
Wicken my ass.
If he didn't choose that he would have chosen something else.
It's just because you made a deal out of it.
I see your manipulant pool now with this Wicken crap.
Yeah.
I think we ought to take that off of there.
I've never heard of anybody who's a witch craft person.
Wicken they're all over the place.
Well I tell you you see you're hanging out in some real interesting circles.
No question about that.
Yeah I do.
Maybe you're running those people at the cock fights.
Wicken.
Okay hey whatever you say what the hell do I care you know.
Johnny Carson cares though he's got him for SEMA but he says he's fine.
I'm okay.
Johnny Carson Wicken I didn't use to smoke on TV on year all the time.
In the olden days.
Yeah.
Right before it became uniseparable.
Do that.
Johnny Carson retired king of late night TV has emphasima but says it isn't causing any major problems.
Is what he said.
Carsten just finished playing tennis when you learned of a tabloid report that claimed he's seriously ill.
The National Enquirer story that the New York Post cited in the if day's editions.
How did I miss that?
So the 76 year old Carson had become a virtual recluse board as luxury yacht.
Carson has been grappling with killer emphasima for several years and wants to stay out of the pubic eye of the supermarket tabloid
said an issue on the newsstand.
Oh I see a ton of newsstands today.
Many cases of emphasima which causes shortness of breath can be attributed to cigarette smoking.
Boy it cannot be cured but if caught early its progression can be halted.
The former top show host who smoked on the year for many years see if I would have just kept reading out of got an answer to my own question.
Said he learned of the reports after playing tennis for 45 minutes at this point.
Do may estate.
In Malibu he confirmed through Carson production spokesman Jeff Sotsing that he's suffering from emphasima.
I'm dealing with the best I can.
It's not causing me any major problems Carson said yada yada yada when he's not spending time at his bluff side of state.
Carson cruises in his custom built triple-decker 130 foot boat.
There is Johnny.
You think he could be this year?
No.
Yeah it's only the middle of September though.
No.
Okay mark it down George says no on Johnny Carson.
Wicken we got four thought a four hundred Wickers.
Anyway Catholic ranks booming in South Florida.
By Fred Tasker remember Fred Tasker boy oh boy in a hero oh god.
Catholic ranks booming in South Florida in line with our religion pool today which we want to see would really do it twice a year
where I give a chance to change your mind.
Fueled by rapid growth in the Hispanic and Haitian populations oh my god the Haitians.
Yeah man.
The Haitians are Catholic?
Right French.
Catholic yes.
No.
Yes.
Don't they like hang a chicken on their door or something?
Well that's you know that's a Catholic flavored African religion.
I see.
The number of Catholics in South Florida grew by nearly half a million in the past decade while the Jewish population stayed the massive Exodus from Dave County putting down new roots in Broward and Palm Beach.
Oi!
The Catholic growth was echoed across the country and created...
This is amazing.
Increasing 16.2% nationally to more than 62 million members keeping the Catholic Church the nation's largest religious denomination.
You can just imagine all those altar boys out there now.
Religious conservatism also boomed according to 2000 religious congregations and membership a study released yesterday that measured the change in 149 religious groups in the country from 1990 to 2000.
Many of the patterns were pure demographics.
South Florida's Hispanic population much of it Catholic grew by over 500,567,000 in those 10 years.
It grew by nearly 20 million in the U.S.
Well of course those Catholics reproduced like rabbits anyway because they want to keep the Pope happy.
That's why we all are starving people all over Latin America.
But some appear to reflect changing views of theology.
Church bodies with the highest national growth waited waiting to hear this.
Which one would you think it would be?
Highest national growth?
Right.
Mormons.
You already saw this.
No.
You're right.
There was a report like a couple three days ago in that.
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints of the Mormons 19.3% increase.
The denomination called Christian churches and churches of Christ 18.6% and the assemblies of God.
18.5%.
Church I go to.
Such mainline Protestants as the United Methodist Episcopalian of Presbyterians all suffered a lot of damage.
The losses locally and nationally.
Damn it. They're too moderate.
I was astounded to see that by and large the growing churches of those who were nearly called conservatives had
Ken Sanchigwin, director of the Glenmiri Research Center which compiled a study.
And when I looked at those that were declining most were moderate or liberal churches.
So the religion of Santa America becoming more and more fanatic.
That's one of the biggest problems with the U.S.A.
More and more fanatic religionist which we have very few of those here in Canada.
And certainly very few in Holland and in most of Western Europe etc.
Around any civilized country.
The U.S. I think is the only Westernized country that I can think of.
Other than Ireland where the religious fervor is still at such a peak, a fever pitch.
What I'm trying to say is.
It didn't surprise local ministers.
The nature of worship and worship means worth ship or describing great worth to.
Cause upon us for a heart commitment for life.
Said the Reverend Bill White of the University Baptist Church which has outgrown its sanctuary in the Gables and plants in Newwood twice as big on sunset drive and prestigious already overcrowded candle.
It's not just a nice idea to do in our spare time as a hobby.
It's the core of who we are is the fairy tales we believe in what he's saying.
Assistant Bishop James Ottley of the Piscobal Diocese of Southeast Florida saw it differently.
People seem to want answers to specific problems rather than be wrestling with ideas.
They need to feel secure.
He said, the Piscopedans lost 6,100 members in South Florida and over 130,000 nationally in 10 years.
A major reason for the growth of letter day Saints is its core of proselytizing young missionaries.
Says when Hemert in charge of those activities for the Mormons from Palm Beach to Key West.
The letter day Saints will soon open new churches in Pemberg Pines and Miami Beach.
Ever since we were founded back in the 1800s we've had people out promulgating the church inviting people to join.
He said we've got 60,000 missionaries in the world and about 200 are here.
You know something to be a good business.
Show now.
The Magic Underwear business.
Look at this.
He's looking at atheist 13, Wicken 13, Jews 12, Agnostics 12, Catlix 7.
Well they've all turned on us anyway because they can't handle the truth just like the right wingers.
Protestant 4, Muslim 2, Born Again Christian 2, Saint Thomas, One Corinthians, and the...
Where the hell is all they Hindus in the 6?
And the Mormons.
Well every time we take this full we have a decreasing...
See they're increasing in numbers but they're going away from the show.
They're right here. They're in the north.
Was I make fun of their day?
Munderwear.
The missionaries, the Mormon missionaries, young men from 19 to 21.
All right.
Who go to the end there?
They're always very clean cut.
They got the white shirt and the tie's on and they come under a bicycle.
Yes.
And go to the auditor.
They bring 50 to 80 new members a month.
He said.
Another reason for Catholic growth in Dave County is it's growing Haitian population.
Many Haitians are Catholic.
So in other words if the Haitian population is increasing that's why us Jews are moving out.
I mean, dates Jewish population continued a long trend of moving north.
The population decreased by almost 80,000 in Dave.
The grew by 37,000 and brought in 55,000 and Palm Beach.
And actually the number of Jewish adherents grew by 2.7% of the decade to more than 6 million members.
Only 6 million is that amazing?
I don't know.
In part the growth of South...
It's pretty tiny.
In part the growth of South Miami Beach is 20 entertainment area.
Priced elderly Jewish retirees out of the housing market there said rabbi and Nathan Rose of Temple San Uel.
Or Al-Aulom, president of the rabbinical association of greater Miami.
In general, as Miami got crowded and Broward in Palm Beach opened up a lot of people who moved there.
Another thing was Hurricane Andrew.
Our congregation in Southwest Kendall was very badly affected by the storm.
It blew off the sanctuary roof.
A lot of people moved the Broward after that.
So as it was the hurricane it wasn't because we're running away from you Spix and Haitians and things like that.
And Schwarzenegger.
Although.
926 at 560 WQM happy Friday.
Too nice to see that the Catholics are growing in numbers because needless to say.
That gives us an opportunity to train some good young priests.
And of course they have lots and lots more altar boys speaking of that.
Yes, before I bother to fax these you might already have these.
Catholic priest arrested for allegedly finally teenage boy from Boston.com.
Yeah, I got it.
For Su, former Ohio priest over alleged abuse.
Yeah, you got that.
I don't know.
All right.
I'll fax it anyway.
Just fax whatever you got.
Okay.
Just relax.
I mean are we doing a new thing now?
Are we going to like?
We got plenty of fax paper here.
I can't.
You know what?
You know, a whole bunch of crap came out.
Well, thanks me all the crap you got.
Okay.
We got plenty of time for crap today.
Hey, listen, it's a pile of crap to go running around time to get you a new brand mattress.
If your back isn't feeling right, if you just not feeling good every day, probably because you're not getting yourself the kind of night sleep you ought to be getting.
Which has a hell of a lot to do with the way you feel.
So get you a great name brand mattress.
The easiest way in the universe.
This is the easiest shopping you could ever do.
Just one make make one easy call to dial a mattress and one 800 mattress.
One 800 MATT RES and dial a mattress gives you so much more than great service.
I should know because I've been using them for years.
Just call that number now.
That tool free number gets you the ultimate freedom of choice in brand name mattresses from SIRTA, CELY, Simmons and King Coil.
No store in the universe can match their selection or certainly their everyday low prices.
Not just some stupid sale once in a while with a bait and swish to top it all off, but exceptionally low prices on exactly the name brand mattress you're looking for.
And they give you that 30 day in home comfort guarantee too, which lets you test out the new mattress the right way by sleeping on up to a month and they give you the delivery deal.
That's unbeatable anywhere in the world.
They let you pick the day of the week, seven days a week, which everyone's convenient for you in the two-hour window when you want them to show up.
They'll set up the brand new venue and take away the crappy old one and you'll have a big smile on your post.
So if you want to start sleeping the way you ought to and treat your back right call 1-800-MATRUS right now and they'll be there in no time at all.
1-800-MATT RES or check them out on that web at macchris.com.
We're back to the glittering pageantry of the Mohawada Navy to show we have a full-ducket today.
Including the cavalcade of our articulate athlete of yours.
You know that Pike's book is still at it.
Why?
What singing those songs make it fun on me.
They make fun on me all the time.
I don't know why they don't adore me.
They're there.
Everything will be alright, bro.
Get your hands off me, a fairy.
You're queer.
You're a tube jumper.
Real men don't touch only during the game.
Yes, ma'am.
They want singing.
I'll give them singing.
Get on a piano.
Over there.
Okay, ma'am.
Now, hit it.
Back in my day, men were straight.
The end day is hip today.
That's why I can't tolerate.
Tis guns with gaze.
Spoiled holes were maintained back then.
Stop it, you moron.
What's the matter, mo?
My wig fell off again.
Okay.
Where were we?
Spoiled holes were maintained back then.
I'll take it from here.
The guys that like the worship men.
Good thing we won't see more in your way than that of again.
Didn't mean those old frosted days.
Or to tickle hairy taint.
Jesus Christ, I really hate.
Jesus, God's link.
All right.
933 at 560, WQM.
So, exactly what is a wicking?
They worship nature, personified by the goddess and the great goddess.
The great goddess.
The druidic religion, pre-Christian druidic religion of the Gauls and England and Iberia, etc.
That's your Gauls me.
I'll tell you that.
It's enough to make me say.
Do do do do do.
But I won't.
The Miriam elephant, except for Howard offered to help her on the election.
Nice going, Miriam.
You're out by the way, sweetheart.
When it's all over and so is David Leahy.
You're both out.
You're both out.
Howard County Supervisor of elections.
Miriam Oliphant reversed herself yesterday, signing an agreement that would allow 800 county workers help operate the polling places in the November 5 election.
Elephant earlier had blocked that agreement, rejecting a demand from county commission, sharewoman Laurie Perish, that the county supervised the polling places in the new agreement the county gave up that demand.
The county did agree to provide approximately 800 employees who would be responsible for opening and closing the polling places on time and sending the results to the downtown computers for counting.
And I'm assuming that most of these people will be under the age of 100.
No.
Speaking of elections, by the way, it won't wait to I get to that story in a second ear.
From what's her name?
Lynn Landy's, environmental news and views about elections.
You're going to crap your pants.
Anyway, getting back to this one, the employees would be trained at county expense to operate the new touchscreen voting machines and pay that their regular county salaries.
This will cost thousands, not millions.
The cost is worth it to ensure we'll have a good election.
So Commissioner Ben Graber, who helped negotiate the agreement along with Commissioner Joseph Egel, a nugget of whatever.
What kind of a name is that?
A galloton?
A galloton?
What are Eagle?
EGGEL-L-E-T-I-O-N.
What the hell kind of a name is that?
Elegante.
Yeah, right.
Very... muy Elegante.
The agreement is an attempt to hand off another election date as answered like the one in the September 10th Primer, where when many broward polling places opened hours late others didn't properly count their votes.
Elephant made her declaration during 1130A and press conference yesterday, in which she also accepted responsibility with what were wrong during the September 10th Primer.
It's time to make things right, she said.
Yeah, right, Miriam.
You're out, sweetheart.
Under the agreement, Elephant will remain election supervisor with a county helping run the general election.
Elephant had rejected the idea Wednesday, but agreed to let the county run the election after heavy pressure from state and local officials, including Governor Jeb Bush.
Broward has nearly a million registered voters the most of any Florida county.
This agreement is an oversight to make sure that the polls will open on time, and that the training of our poll workers done in a professional manner elephant said in news conference.
But most of all, this is an agreement with the Broward County Commission to say that November 5 will be a successful election.
Daiden Broward County said problems as you know, taking votes in the September 10th Primer, which officials blamed on a lack of county poll worker training failure to practice using new voter systems and poor organization.
Elephant's decision comes today after Governor Jeb Bush and Secretary of State Jim Smith asked the U.S. Justice Department for help in the November election.
We need some help.
In a letter to General John Ascroft, Smith said problems in Daiden Broward rattled confidence in the state's efforts to reform its election system.
Meanwhile, civil rights activists in Miami said yesterday that minority voters bore the brunt of the election's follow-ups.
Members of the ACLU, the NAACP and other groups said they collected thousands of affidavits from frustrated voters to give Smith along with suggestions to prevent problems in the general election.
Smith said yesterday, and absolutely no evidence whatsoever that any civil rights violations or anything of that nature during the primary when some polling places didn't open up on time.
Others closed early in some votes were not counted in the original tally.
He said the Justice Department has broad purposes and lots of options and responded to these states' requests for help, with their reaching out.
They're reaching out and grabbing you, okay?
Robert Sheer writes, one of our favorite writers, Iraq the Phantom Menace.
He says, now we know just how vicious Sodom, who same can be. A green to unconditional UN inspections at a time, of course this is before he changes his mind.
A green to unconditional UN inspections at a time when our president had his heart set on more, is just the sort of mean spirited treachery that one can expect from this modern day Hitler.
The only greater betrayal will be if it turns out upon inspection that Iraq is not still building weapons of mass destruction and has no nuclear capability after all.
What if Scott Ritter, a one-time UN weapons inspector, and former US marine recently visited Baghdad, is right in arguing that Sodom's arsenal is a pale shadow of its former self?
The creation of that original arsenal of chemical and biological weapons was greatly facilitated by US company sales of Hardware to Iraq, sales that were approved during the 1980s when the administrations of Ronald Reagan and George Herbert Walker Bush both sided with Iraq and its war with Iran.
These weapons, however, were largely eliminated by previous inspections, what material remains Ritter has argued has deteriorated at the point of uselessness.
As for nuclear weapons, Iraq's program lags far behind that of other unstable extremist nations including Iran, North Korea, and Pakistan.
It will be listed sanctions against Pakistan intended when its nuclear program are building a nuclear plan for power generation in North Korea and have chosen to ignore Iran's well-documented nuclear weapons program.
In a concern over Iraq's nuclear program was truly the issue, we can destroy any suspicious installations from the air as the Israelis did two decades ago in demolishing Iraq's French-built nuclear reactor.
Still, we must go to war, or voters might start focusing on the dismal state of the economy under George W's stewardship and return to Democratic Congress in the November elections, right?
Fortunately for Bush arguments over Iraq now dominate water cooler talk rather than group commissaration over the incredible shrinking 401Ks, but that can change.
What if people start asking about that miraculous tax cut that Bush made the centerpiece of his domestic program and that now has how it's left the national accounts once again floating in red ink.
The failure of inspectors to find weapons of mass destruction would make it appear that Bush has been using Iraq as a scapegoat for his own domestic problems.
Not to worry though, if the inspectors fail to find weapons of mass destruction, the Bush administration is still prepared to make the case for what it calls regime change, a fine or well-earned phrase that certainly sounds more sanitary than the old fashioned word war, with all its nasty implications for death and madness.
The trick is to make the lack of evidence of such weapons more convincing of their resistance than real evidence would be.
That extremely convenient cap-out was the most absurdly expressed by the Defense Secretary Rumsfeld, who was declared that the absence of evidence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq should not be considered the absence of evidence.
But the guilty no matter what doctrine will ultimately not go down easily with the American public and certainly not worldwide, that's why the President has had to go to the UN in attempt to make the case that Iraq had threatening weapons.
That tactic is now backfired, it would be a global embarrassment at Bush at this point to turn down Saddam Hussein's offer of unconditional inspections.
But it would also be devastating if inspectors went there and found only US ordnance given to Iraq by Bush's father and Reagan.
It was embarrassing enough for the younger Bushness speech to be when to be reduced to trotting out examples of Iraq war crimes from the days when Saddam Hussein de facto ally of the US.
It's so inconvenient that Iraq did not appear to use any chemical or biological weapons during the Gulf War or in the decade since but definitely did back when Saddam Hussein was our partner in the war against Iran's Islamic Revolution.
Worse US companies with a promotion of the Reagan elder Bush administrations supplied Saddam with the ingredients for making such savage weapons.
The CIA reported that Iraq was using mustard gas against Iran as early as 1983 and nerve gas against Iranian troops a year later, yet the Reagan administration removed Iraq from its list of terrorist nations that improved the sale of 60 Hughes helicopters later used to spray lethal chemicals to the US.
On civilians, the US gave this man who we now casually call Hitler one and a half billion dollars in weapons and technology in the five years before the Gulf War.
Bush has fallen into a trap of his own design by going to the UN-Seking approval if the inspectors who now go to Iraq find a new weaponry can easily be destroyed but that would cheat Bush of an excuse for the war he desperately wants rights Robert Sheer.
They want it baby. They want it and they're going to get it. Just like winning the election, they're going to get it by hook or by crook.
And the masses out there are saying, oh yeah, let's go get them. Let's get them.
I-41 at 560 WQM with your busy lifestyle, you need all the energy you can to feel healthy, especially with the wind and the rain in your hair, whatever that means.
Oliometh is one way to stay healthy because it's a good product. It contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and herbals to promote good health for all different parts of your body to have one specifically designed for your heart, one for your blood pressure, cholesterol and prostate.
And it's easy to take olio-meda comes in a soft-filled capsule that you just pop in your mouth.
Oliometh also got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system, your digestive endocrine system, your skin, your bones, even your mind, all using the benefits of the finest olive oil, the purest olive oil that money can buy.
And olio-meda makes these outstanding products for men and women as well.
If you want to pick some up, you can do it all over town at Whole Food Markets, Walgreens, Sedano, Zenovo, or Pharmacy, where you can call their tool free number and they'll tell you all about how this product works and what can do for you.
Call 1-866-Oliometh. That's 1-866-O-L-E-O-M-E-D and you can order their products on their website, too at olio-medaamerica.com.
I am lost. This is 420-0560. You way out.
Why the U-Best-E?
The material you're about to hear has been adolescently subject to a moronic series that it's in changes with no endorsement or authorization by those depicted therein.
We apologize, however, stand by our mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible.
Samfax, offering superior protection versus the leading competitor that retains better, so it leaks less.
Wow, it's suddenly flat. Less than a busted truck radiator.
My new dress is ruined!
No wonder more women choose it.
Leaks less than the Titanic.
Shhhhh!
The one the only, Samfax.
945-560-W-D-Q-A-M.
Let's see, we got the 26-A, N-624-A-T-S-18-Jews, 17 Wikens.
You believe that 16 Catholics, 7 Protestants, and the dumb list.
Do you believe that?
I think maybe 10 of them are fake.
Wikens?
Yeah.
Do we have any Mormons yet?
No, look at that Mormon list!
Oh!
Well, that's because they're busy on advice.
That's why they're convert people.
I don't have time to be voting.
Laptops on their handlebars.
They're out there buying some new magic underwear for the holidays.
Whatever holidays they might be.
So anyway, you faxed me all this stuff about Wikens and...
You said one piece.
I tried to find something brief and concise.
It's the original pagan.
When the Christians refer to the pagans, that's who they're talking about.
So we got a bunch of Wikens running around on the loose?
Wicked.
I thought we had enough other Goyum running around out there.
Now we got Wikens to you, would too.
Well, that's good. I'm glad you faxed me that, but Kirikos.
Anyway, Lynn Landy is right.
Now who the hell is Lynn Landy?
She's a freelance journalist specializing in environmental issues.
She's been a radio show host and regular commentary for a BBC radio program.
She writes a weekly column which is published on her website, www.ecco.org,
and reports environmental news for DUTV in Philadelphia.
In environmental news and views, the elections in America assume crooks are in control, she says.
She says, don't blame the poll workers in Florida.
The facts reported by voting machine experts and numerous newspaper articles have made it clear,
computerized voting machines that were certified by the state of Florida,
caused most of the problems in Florida's primary election.
In the absence of paper ballots, the damage is now irreversible.
This was no accident, it's not new and Florida's not alone.
The concept is clear, simple, and it works.
Computerized voting gives the power of selection without fear of discovery,
to whomever controls the computer.
Wrote the authors of vote scam 1992, James and Kenneth Coddier both now deceased.
It's a must read book about how elections have been electronically and mechanically rigged in the US for decades,
and with the knowing and sometimes unknowing support of media giants and government officials,
including ironically Janet Reno.
That is ironic, ain't it?
Yeah.
Only a few companies dominate the market for computer voting machines,
alarmingly under US federal law, no background checks are required on these companies or their employees.
Fellings and foreigners can and do own computer voting machine companies.
Voting machine companies demand a client signed proprietary contracts to protect their trade secrets,
which prohibits a thorough inspection of voting machines by outsiders.
And unbelievably, it appears that most election officials don't require paper ballots
to back up or audit electronic election results.
So far, lawsuits throw out complete access to inspect voting machines
or to require paper ballots so that we can be considered possible have failed.
As far as we know, some graph from Russia could be controlling the outcome of computerized elections in the US.
In fact, Vycan Corporation, a Chicago area company owned by Alex Cantarovic, formerly of Minsk, Belarus,
supplies the all-important control cards to election systems and software, ESNS,
the world's largest election management company, right through Porta Cristo, for Bolin.
According to ESNS, they've handled more than 40,000 of the world's most important events and elections.
ESNS systems have counted approximately 60% of the US national vote for the past four presidential elections.
In the US 2000, in a election, ESNS systems counted over 100 million ballots.
Getting back to Cantarovic, he would not disclose where the control cards are made,
except they aren't made in the US rights, Bolin.
Nor would he discuss his previous employment.
Bolin says he got some not-too-thimly-veiled threats from Cantarovic.
Cantarovic sounds more like the Russian mafia than a legitimate businessman.
But the really big deal is this.
All of ESNS' touch screen machines contain modems, allowing them to communicate and be communicated with,
while their operation reports, Bolin, that communication capability includes satellites.
Even computers are not connected to modems or electronic network,
still can be manipulated off-site.
Let me say it again.
Even computers are not connected to modems, or electronic network can still be manipulated off-site,
not during the election, but certainly before amtors as voting systems expert Dr. Rebecca Mercury.
ESNS applied the touch screens for Dayton-broward counties where the worst machine failures occurred,
but the debacle was nothing new for ESNS.
Associated press reporter Jessica Fargan wrote in June of 2000,
Venezuela's president and the head of the nation's election board accused the ESNS
of trying to destabilize the country's electoral process.
In the US four states that reported problems with equipment supplied by the company,
thought the ESNS machines used in Hawaii's 98 elections forced that state's first-ever recon.
Sequoia is another voting systems company that sends out a cool chill down my spine,
she writes.
Mob ties, bribery, felony convictions, and threats of coercion are visible in the public record
of the election services company, according to an investigative journalist and filmmaker Daniel Hopziker,
and reported in spotlight.com.
Hopziker says that Pasquale Rocco Ricci, a 65-year-old senior executive with Sequoia
and the firm Louisiana representative recently pled guilty to passing out as much as $10 million
in bribes over the course of almost an entire decade.
According to America law and education rights and taxation alert, Ricci is the president
of Sequoia International, which also manufactures casino slot machines.
That didn't say spotlight.com, didn't it?
That's just great it says.
Now we could possibly have both the Russian mafia and the US mafia involved in our elections.
In May 2002, Sequoia was brought out by De La Rue based in England.
By their own estimate, De La Rue is the world's largest commercial security printer
and paper maker, involved in the production of over 115 national currencies and a wide range
of security documents such as travelers, checks, and vouchers employing almost 7,000 people
across 31 countries.
De La Rue is also a leading provider of cash handling equipment at software solutions to banks
and retailers worldwide, and they developed technology for secure passport, identity cards,
and driver's licenses.
Okay, Ed Dr. Evil to the Mexican mate, beyond the lookout for international money launders,
drug kingpins and Nazis.
Show up voting solutions of Quaker's town, Pennsylvania has a reputation for rigging elections,
wrote the late co-author of vote scam, Jim Collier, according to Collier in 1979,
Ransom chuped the second, the president of the firm was convicted of conspiracy
and obstructive justice, stemming from an FBI investigation of a vote fixing scam,
involving the old-fashioned Leaver machines in Philadelphia, Leaver or Leaver?
Leaver?
What about soap?
Leaver loan.
These reports are just the tip of the iceberg.
The numerous instances of US voting systems error and fraud are documented in a 1988 report
by the US Commerce Department entitled Accuracy Integrity and Security in Computerized Votetelling
by Roy G. Saltman, a computer consultant for the National Institute of Standards and Technologies,
Computer Systems Lab.
Many other experts and observers have been warning and complaining about these abuse problems for decades.
But complaints, warnings reports in books like vote scam,
having deterred government officials like Pinellas County Commission's Calvin Harris
and County Judge Patrick Cadill, they told the St.P. Times October 2001
that they were aware that all the voting machine companies had problems in their past,
but Harris said, we have to look at this objectively and I could tie it up in the emotions of some guy might be a crook.
Dear Commissioner Harris, when it comes to elections in America,
assume crooks are in control and then act accordingly.
Right, Lynn Landies.
How do you like them, Apple?
But it's America.
We can't have fixed elections in America, can we?
God forbid, especially in Florida.
That's one thing we don't have to worry about.
So bug off, Lynn.
They go see your friends at Spotlight.
That can't be Spotlight magazine, can't it? That website?
I don't know that one.
You don't know Spotlight?
Nope.
That right wing anti-Semitic bunch of maniacs?
Well, I'll check it out later, I'll show Spotlight.com.
Because when I got that, I got like a lump in my throat.
Tico executive is out on bail for now.
You know that scumbag we were talking about yesterday?
El Dennis Tuzlowski?
Charge with looting $600 million from Tico International Inc.
When he was the conglomerate's chairman of what it's
had yesterday after his ex-wife agreed to post $10 million in bail on his behalf.
The lead prosecutor, John Moscow, said the Manhattan District Attorney's Office,
would have to determine whether the money was gained as part of the fraud
as Loskey was charged with last week, which led prosecutors to freeze his assets.
Maybe that's what they did to Ted Williams.
Maybe they froze his assets.
We need to speak to witnesses before making an intern determination
as to whether we'll accept the funds Moscow said of the hearing.
Former Tico chief financial officer Mark Swartz,
who was also named in the indictment, posted his $5 million bail in the form of
500,000 shares of Tico stock, or about $7.65 million yesterday's
closing stock price of $15.29.
Manhattan Supreme Court's judge Michael Oba said a hearing date for next Friday,
to hear arguments from prosecutors about whether either's funds are tainted.
If the bail is not accepted by the judge next week,
Koslowski and Swartz will face jail time in Rikers Island.
What about nation's toughest prison?
Which is where they sent out goldstein.
And he probably left them something behind.
Koslowski attorney Stephen Kaufman said his clients former wife Angie agreed to
post $10 million cash in the statement from a brokerage from backing up the source of the money.
She is just supporting her ex-husbandy said.
Kaufman said she wasn't sure whether the money came from assets that might be partly indictment.
At last week's arraignment the judge released come to the Koslowski $100 million personal reconnaissance bond.
There was to be secured by $10 million in personal assets.
Swartz was released on a $50 million bond to be secured by the five million,
which he put up more than that yesterday.
The bail is used to ensure the defendant appears in court.
The terms are said to the judge's discretion.
Some lawyers have asked whether Koslowski was given favorable treatment by being granted more time to come up with the funds
because of his prominence.
It raises questions as to whether John Q. Public would have been given the same type of treatment.
Said Udino, Donald Professor of Law and police studies at the John J. College of Criminal Justice in New York
was served as a prosecutor in the bros of Queens and Brooklyn.
The judge's decision is typical for white collar cases said John Kayley.
Criminal defense attorney and former assistant U.S. attorney for the southern district of New York.
So for the moment they're walking free, but next Friday week from the day it could be right to Wreckers Island.
Wouldn't that be great?
Wonderful.
Maybe they'll, you know, who they might wind up being in there with?
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh.
Somebody we know.
Anyway, here's our semi-annual religion poll.
Which are you?
Which of these are you?
Atheist 31, Agnostic 29, WIC in 22.
See, that's...
You expect me to believe that?
That's an artificially inflated no-quizy.
Jewish 21.
Oi!
Tathlete 18, Protestant 9, Born Again Christian 3, Buddhist 3, Muslim 3, Christian Scientist 1.
We got a Mormon! Let's hear it!
We got a frickin' Mormon out there!
Happy Friday to end, don't mess with your magic underwear.
Your hope is witness 1, Scientologist 1, and no Hindus or 6...
Captain Sing, better get to the computer.
Yeah, get with the captain, Sing. Well, they probably got him tied up somewhere.
They probably got him in a lockbox.
956 at 560 WQM, I'll tell you one guy that can't lock up, but that's my good friend Tom Lehman.
He's a 2KG and 2KRFee for that.
Tom Lehman and Halibut, Pontiac GMC are doing it again for you.
0% financing is continuing right now as I speak.
That's correct, you heard me right.
With the proof credit from GMAC, you can get 0% financing up to 36 months on all brand new 2003 Pontiac and GMC beauties in stock.
Or take you a rebate up to $4,000 in all 2002 Pontiacs or GMC models in stock.
Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs while you're at Halibut, including that envoy,
loaded by motor trend is the SUV in the all new Pontiac vibe SUV.
That's got the power of a fancy, shmancy sports car like Corvette, for example, which I drive, but they don't sell at Halibut Pontiac.
Halibut's also got a great selection of dependable pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs.
And if anybody else turns you down for credit, if you can't cut a deal to any other car dealer anywhere in the universe,
this is the place to get one because they'll work it out for at Halibut.
So if you want a sensational unbeatable deal on Pontiacs and GMCs,
this is the place. Go see my good friend Tom Lee and all the nice folks at Halibut Pontiac GMC 134-01,
South Dixie Highway. That's US-1 right across from the falls open every day, seven days a week.
Halibut Pontiac GMC, we are professional grade.
My, and local, here sports radio 560s, UA-M.
No fact in the church.
One boy, one archer boy, one vital job with the rope with and snot hook with,
one boy on a date with his breeze.
One boy, a young archer boy, one vital grab in the back and snot crack with,
one boy on maybe two or three.
One boy, you find out what religion is all about.
God will bless those who.
Bring my forsaken, holy food, one boy, one special boy, one vital prey with,
one boy, maybe two or three.
Welcome.
10-1 at 5-60, WQM, happy Friday.
We got Jim Mantis coming up at 1 o'clock, we got Hank at 3, what we got on the agenda day.
What's right Friday? We got the Dave Wonson. Look at that.
How is that possible? Are you looking for the schedule?
I am now.
A full four hours for the Humper to do that is almost unprecedented.
3-7, Hank with Dave Wonson, of course, the coach at Show 5-6 is part of the show.
Marlon's on Deck at 7-05, that's because the game doesn't start till 7-35 and Marlon's at the Braves.
And then AK after baseball and ESPN radio, such as it is, we apologize in advance for it overnight.
I guess after playing that I should at least toss in a couple of pre-stores since I got a four-hundred-hub,
but you were, uh, gearing up for.
No, I was not. I was gearing up for that story about Noel Bush from Salonda Kanla, you just fact-me.
And also the most important story of the day about Tom Welling be on on Regis and Kelly.
Kelly Ripper.
Monday at 9 a.m. Tom Welling will be interviewed on Regis and Kelly.
And of course, it's only a coincidence that it's going to be the day before the, uh,
the new season for Smallville. That's just a coincidence.
Right.
They don't time these things on purpose.
Right.
That's the big story, Tom Welling.
Now 9 o'clock Monday morning before the show, don't forget to give me the start to be quarter in there.
Right.
Huh? Well, he might be on their naked or something.
He might show off his big feet.
Suit alleged is priest molested boy at North Miami nursing home.
A lawsuit alleging sexual abuse of a nine-year-old boy at a Miami-Dade nursing home in 1999
was filed against a former Catholic priest in the Archdiocese of Monday of Miami on Thursday.
On Monday on Thursday, yesterday.
The suit filed by the Hollywood law firm of Hurtin and Marmelstein seeks an unspecified damage.
It alleges the unidentified boy was molested during visits to the Archdiocese zone,
Villa Marie and Nursing and Rehab Center, and the 1,000 block of North East 100, 25th Street, North Miami about three years ago.
The boy was visiting a sick grandmother at the nursing home on a regular basis,
speed of four times a week, when he was befriended by the priest of Reverend Trevor Smith,
who was then living at the center of the suit alleges.
The suit also charges the priest involved the boy into invited him into his private room
and showed him pictures of new children, told the boy he wanted to measure his penis and then follow the child,
Father Smith resigned from the priesthood in May.
He just wanted to measure it, see if the boy measured up.
A former Roman Catholic priest who was defractor over claims of sexual abuse and later worked as an elementary school counselor
has pleaded innocent to a federal charge of possessing Kitty Porin.
James Bine, 61, entered the plea in federal court in St. Louis this week.
He faces a similar charge in US District Court in East St. Louis,
and is also charged in St. Louis Circuit Court with exposing himself to three boys while working as an elementary school counselor.
A hearing in the St. Louis federal case was scheduled for today on a prosecution request to hold Bine without bail pending trial.
No trial had been set. Authorities alleged he had thousands of pornographic images of children on computer discs.
Bine was dismissed from the Roman Catholic priesthood in the 19th,
the St. Louis Arts thyses paid $100,000 in mid-90s to settle two lawsuits accusing Bine of sexual abuse and boys more than 30 years ago.
For more than a decade he was counseled at St. Louis Elementary schools where he was the name Mar James.
He resigned shortly before the state charges were issued in March.
Mar James, what does that mean?
I don't know.
Mar James.
Man slices off body parts speaking of how long is your penis?
I love this story.
An Australian man cut off the little finger on his right hand, then his scrotum, then his penis,
and finally his left hand in a drug-induced act of self-multipleation after arguing with his wife.
Don't cry!
The man believed to be high on amphetamines attacked himself with a carving knife Tuesday in the town of Inverrell,
four in a mile's north of Sydney.
Police said yesterday.
It's the most bizarre thing I've seen in 16 years in the police force, Inverrell Inspector Dave Harrington told Reuters.
Harrington said a 38-year-old man cut off his little finger while arguing with his wife inside their Inverrell house and then chased her outside.
He then proceeded to dismember his member.
He said,
Oh, would you rather dismember your member or remember your member?
Yeah.
Police said the man was lucky ambulance officers witnessed the attack and prevented him from bleeding to death,
adding that police recovered several body parts and packed them on ice and hope they can be reattached.
Well, if they can't reattach them to him, maybe they can save him from Ted Williams.
He'll need some of those body parts when he comes back.
I mean, just his head alone ain't going to do it.
One thing about Ted Williams, he always had a real good head on his.
The man was flown to Sydney for emergency microsurgery and was now in stable condition.
Police said, Well, that's good.
Good to hear he's okay.
Maybe that's something that the Germans ought to be thinking about to him based on this other story.
I know.
Germans mulling joining the army may think twice now thanks to a new regulation banning soldiers from having sex while in active service.
The defense ministry said this week that it's issued a decrease stating that sleeping with fellow soldiers of either sex
or indeed their partners would be bad for morale threatening mutual trust and soldiers' willingness to have each other.
The army originally laid out a series of proposals on how to behave with female colleagues when women were first allowed into active army service the beginning of 2001.
Now they have set them in stone.
You will build it with this way.
Women soldiers will also have to take down their favorite pinups as one clause says, especially formerly to include both men and women,
prohibits them from hanging a pornographic images that might offend a only women soldiers.
I guess guys and put up, you know, they could big boobs and stuff like that.
Well, that's good.
The FBI was tipped off about the budding al-Qaeda sell outside Buffalo by an anonymous letter while its eight-leg members won a terrorism boot camp in Afghanistan.
The New York Daily News says today.
Maybe a Sally Jesse hooked them up with that boot camp.
The letter was signed by a concerned Yemenite and is so familiar with its contents described as the road map that led to their rest on the anniversary of the 9-11 attacks.
Six of the alleged sell members are in custody, charged with providing material support to Osama Yamama bin Laden and his terror network.
A bail herring continues in its third day today and the judge of his year of Monday for decision.
Two other sell members including the alleged ringleader, main fugitives, and are believed to be in Yemen.
When the arrest were announced last week, law enforcement officials repeatedly thanked local Muslim Committee for its cooperation with the 15-month investigation of the Lakawana sale.
Everybody to Lakawana in New York?
No.
Don't.
Okay.
A source submitted.
Now, Chief Tawaga, there used to be a really great Polynesian restaurant there.
There used to be a really great Polynesian restaurant there.
When I worked in Batavia, I had a friend who used to go there all the time to the Polynesian restaurant and was called either.
Now, the Chin Teke is not it.
That wasn't Detroit on Cass and Bagley.
I was called either the Monokai or the Monoloa, one of those two.
And it was great.
Remember what?
Yeah, you don't remember that.
Remember what?
Train it before your time when Polynesian food used to be really, really big trader of VIX.
You got that.
And Monokai and Mark.
Oh, God was there, good stuff.
I mean, very fattening, it'll kill you.
And I ate enough of it to sink a babbleship before that was good stuff.
I read, poy.
I beg your pardon?
Have you ever eaten poy?
No.
All right.
I know.
I hear it mentioned all the time.
I have no idea what it is, what it is.
I thought I think that's some kind of a fish, didn't it?
I thought it was like a root mash or something.
A root mash?
Do the wikens eat it?
I'll ask them.
A source familiar with the matter said it began with an anonymous letter which arrived at the Buffalo FBI offices in June 2001.
It named nearly all those who were arrested and singled at a 29 year old US Yemeni named Kamal Derwish,
which is the group's ringleader of the source said.
It described Derwish as a forcefully, directly recruiting young men in Lackawanas, Yemeni neighborhood to travel overseas and learn about G-Hod.
The letter which arrived months before, I can't stop thinking about that Chris Matthews interview with Jesse Ventura on Wednesday night at the University of Minnesota.
Yeah.
And when he was recounting, you know, going back into his controversial past and brought up the playboy interview and they had to direct quote what he said about religion being, you know, a bunch of crap for people with weak minds.
And he like was giving him the opportunity said, well, aren't you sorry that you said that?
And he said, why should I be sorry?
And Chris Matthews looked like he didn't know whether the screen read 14 bananas, really.
Why should I be sorry?
He said all the stuff that's going on in the world is including this, these grotesque attacks and all this insanity that's going on right now.
It's all because of religious fanaticism. And Chris Matthews took this long like gasp almost like you just did and looked at him.
Oh, you think that's what it really is?
The Jesus, we ought to have Chris Matthews come to Florida.
Do do do do do.
Yeah, he can count the he can count the God damn both.
Yeah, yeah.
Does he really think that's what it was all about?
No, it's because there's so much poverty like John Cretchensis our frog Prime Minister up here.
He's a real butt plug.
I'm sure that Ben Laden does all of the things because he's so poor.
You know, he only inherited millions from his Saudi, have been lot in family from his very wealthy family.
Right.
And of course, we know all the millions and millions.
I mean, they became very successful capitalists.
They they learn how to open up those tax free loopholes in the American system.
Real easy with all their donations to these sham charities that they set up.
These so called religious institutions.
And then of course, all over the world with their gold and their millions and millions, countless millions.
And here we put this freeze.
We put a freeze on this account and all over the world and didn't even put a dent in what they got is what we're hearing.
Didn't even put a dent in it.
How do you like that?
But nevertheless, let's see how our religion pool is coming along.
39 agnostics and 37 atheists.
I like that.
People with a brain.
People in nothing tells us to see through all this God horse crap.
At least the atheist anyway.
See, George is like still waffling on the fence because he just, you know, even with that being, just to go over it, you keep changing the definition.
But what does that mean?
A diagnostic.
And what is the definition?
No one knows agnostics admitted.
You can't put in no way to the trouble I see.
Nobody to the truth.
Absence or the presence.
So therefore you avoid the argument.
I see.
In other words, it's kind of like a, it's like a Chris Matthews, presumably in the spineless.
As opposed to saying how ludicrous and ridiculous that whole thing is.
An old man with a white beard sitting up there watching over it.
He's listening to six million people at the same time.
And of course, this discovery by the Italian astronomers that I talked about yesterday when they found water on these distant planets.
That's going to throw a monkey wrench.
I'll leave it to the Italians, man.
They're always screwing up everything.
They're always contrary.
Just like that freaking Christopher Columbus, the Jewish Italian.
Always got to mess things up.
Find out that there's life in the other part of the universe.
I mean, what would be the point if there was a creator of all of this stuff?
What would be the point of, just for our amusement?
For it.
Just like he created all the animals for our amusement too.
Right.
And of course, once he got pissed off and man, he got pissed off at the animals too.
Because once we had to flood in all the place, he had to kill the animals too.
Because he's a temperamental son of a bitch that got temperamental as hell.
Still got to.
Right.
It's just, it's such nonsensical fairy tales.
It's ludicrous.
It's pathetic.
And this arrogance of man, and of course, men wrote all these different books, you know, depending
on which tribe they were involved in, they wrote all this gobble to gook.
And there's always the correct one.
You understand?
They're quarry tales were the right ones, and anybody who didn't believe it was either going to burn inhale
or should be exterminated or both.
Right.
Just like that.
But of course, dogs don't go to heaven, and other living in the breathing creatures, they
don't go to heaven because they don't have a soul.
God, if I had rubber soul by the Beatles, I'd play it right now.
Hey, in some religions they did.
Who do?
The animals.
Who do?
Wicca.
Wicca, Wicca, Wicca, Wicca.
Yeah, and that one, and I think Wicca too.
Now, what does Wicca believe?
They have souls.
Everything has a soul.
Everything that is alive has a soul.
And I got my great shoes from New Balance.
They got a nifty soul.
My.
And look off.
This is 420560.
We're in New Year.
Calling you, guarding your lodges to add me to the sunset, no today.
I find it highly insulting as a Catholic that you people could even put such an advertisement
in the paper.
How dare you all be so insulting to us.
It's a Christmas season, and you represent them as a Pope.
You think we're so stupid.
It was hateful.
And it shouldn't have been done.
I wonder if this was something to do with this beauty, this beautyism,
whether we could say well as anti-Semitic, it's racism, so it shouldn't be done.
But the Catholic can be kicked around like this.
The real plot is an insult.
How dare you people do this?
You should take out an apology, the same size of that ad in the New State.
It's all of us.
I will activity.
Now I won't.
10-17, see, that's one thing religion does better than anything else.
Besides race tax-free money.
And that is, give people an excuse to hate each other, and to condemn each other,
and to point fingers at you, and to wave at that finger, and wag that finger.
You're going to burn in hell, and all this other crap.
When somebody starts giving you that, you're going to burn in hell.
You should run for the hills because you know that they're a number one idiotic
and number two dangerous.
Kind of like the president, dumb and dangerous, the double D.
47 agnostic, and 40 atheists listening to this great show.
And I have a feeling that some of those may have turned a little bit.
See, the agnostic are good because at least they're moving in the right direction,
like George.
He's moving in the right direction, and eventually he'll evolve into a real thinking human being.
You're wrong.
Like I said, the same thing you do.
It's just like I said, there's no hope for George.
You would fight it.
It's more palatable to say agnostic, you're inviting an easy way of it.
It's not as inflammatory as saying atheists.
You know, people think of atheists, they think of metal and all hair,
and hard-bitten miserable hard-ass people like that.
But so you're doing the same thing that they're doing in the political.
I don't want to debate religion with you because it's pointless.
It's all about your crap.
We both know that.
It's all about your crap.
Let's move along, speaking of crap about the Noel Bush.
She knows your crap.
Michelle Gilbert writes in salon.com today for a Noel Bush, a different kind.
All I can say about what you just said is.
That's it.
That's all I'm saying.
You're going to slay me.
I got to play that one bit again, you know.
The one I started with today.
That's just, it's just, that could be the all-time award winner.
Anybody tune in late boy, you should be real sorry.
But I'll let you off the hook this one time only.
Unlike Tessio and the Godfather, I'll let you off the hook.
There's one behind.
There's one behind.
There are people inside the building that time.
Oh, that's the wrong one.
Sorry.
I haven't played that yet.
And that's why I think that you'll have a chip-beenship season.
Okay, that's coming up right after the next break.
Bottom of the yard.
For a Noel Bush, a different kind of justice.
I will get to this eventually if a George Stubbs interrupting me with his wicking beliefs.
I'm Michelle Gilbert.
It's no secret that rich and poor drug offenders face vastly different kinds of justice.
Just as money criminals get Johnny Cochrane while the indigent make-do with underpaid public defenders.
So our well-heeled substance abuses more likely to end up in poshry, have clinics,
than in the prisons where poor addicts are warehouseed.
Sure there are exceptions.
Actor Robert Downey, Jr. and baseball star Darrell Strabber is spring to mind.
But they're not the norm.
The norm looks more like Noel Bush, who despite several drug violations, has so far certainly three days in jail.
As most of the country knows by now that Ottawa Florida Governor Jeff Bush and Nisa President George W
was found with crack insiders shoe and they set up for drug free living in Orlando,
where she was sent in January after it after being arrested for trying to buy Xanax with a forged prescription.
It wasn't the first time she's been busted while in rehab.
Her three-day jail term in July came after she was caught with a bag of prescription pills that didn't belong to her.
Drug reform advocates certainly don't claim that Noel Bush was being treated too leniently.
Even three days in jail is too harsh to argue, but they say the punishment is even more severe for people without her money or connections.
The question is whether she's being treated in a unique way since Bruce Bullington,
the editor of the Journal of Drug Issues, and an associate professor of criminology at FSU in Tallahassee.
I think she is, he says.
Her fellow patients seem to agree.
As the Orlando Sentinel reports, Noel Bush was reportedly policed by a woman who said she was a center for drug free living client
in sense by what she felt with the preferential treatment given to the governor's daughter.
One of the women here was caught by Crack cocaine tonight, the caller said, in her September 9th conversation,
with a 9-11 dispatcher, and a lot of the women are upset because she's been caught about five times,
and we want something done because our children are here, and they just keep letting it slip out of the counter and carpet.
They said, you know, because it's basically Noel Bush, she does this all the time, and she gets out of it because she's the governor's daughter.
According to the New York Daily News, one center for drug free living staff, her heated-day supervisors' advice,
and tore up her written statement about finding the drugs rather than show it to the police.
Without the statement, the police didn't have a probable cause to arrest Bush, for employees have been subpoenaed after refusing to cooperate with police, citing the center's privacy policies.
Bullington says the employees would be in the right if they provided the same measure of protection to all their clients.
Whatever they do, it's hard for outsiders to determine, he says, because individual clinics have a tremendous amount of latitude in creating their policies.
If this is something they do for all their guests, then it's perfect, Bullington says, the vast majority of people who go into treatment fail very quickly and fail multiple times.
But the system isn't designed with that in mind, he says, anyone else who was found with the rock of cocaine, they would turn it over to the police, and the courts would say there's no second chances or one second chance.
Drug reform advocates are trying hard to create a greater separation between treatment and the criminal justice system, so the police don't get involved in the lapses that most recovering addicts experience.
Unfortunately, Bullington says by allocating more resources to cops and corrections than to treatment by filling top positions with law and order conservatives,
and Wells father is working against the broad application of the kinds of policies that have protected his daughter.
Again, the issue is not that she should be punished more, but the other people should be given the same kind of break, he says.
If a normal person was building up a history like that in a well-bushed, he'd be looking at jail time now, since Sydney P. Smith, a defensive attorney who spent seven years as a public defender in Dave County,
it's a discretionary call, but if they actually found drugs in someone's room, I think many clinics will report it because it's a crime.
A crime that gets many people locked up.
Jim McDonough, director of the Florida Office for Drug Control, says there are currently 93 people in state prisons from marijuana possession, according to the Florida Department of Corrections, 20,000 people in fiscal year, 2,000 were convicted of felony drug possession in the state,
a third of them went to jail, and 1775 served more than a year.
Smith mentions one of his clients, a legal immigrant from Nicaragua, who spent six months in jail, and was then deported for committing crimes almost exactly, like those allegedly committed by Noel Bush.
Such discrepancies are the reason that Smith, who chairs the Florida campaign for new drug policies leading the campaign to pass an initiative called the Right to Treatment and Rehab for Nonviolent Drug Offences, which will likely go before the Florida electorate in 2004.
Advocates try to get it on the ballot this year, but the Florida Supreme Court, which had to approve the measure, took six months to make the decision in that left advocate's too little time to collect the necessary signatures.
Model on California's Prop 36, which passed in 2000, the initiative would amend Florida's Constitution to mandate that nonviolent first and second time drug offenders be either sent to rehab programs or let go.
It would also take the likelihood of relapses into account by giving addicts multiple chances at treatment, and in effect, it would force the state to treat all dependence the way it's treated Noel Bush.
But led by Governor Bush, opposition to the measure is fierce. I can assure you that unless we have a change in leadership in the governor's office and the Attorney General's office, prosecutors and law enforcement will mod a very active campaign against passage of this, says Jerry Blair, president of the Florida Prosecuting Attorney's Association.
When talking about his daughter, the governor is the model of empathy. The road to recovery recovery is a difficult and long journey for those afflicted with the addiction he said on September 10th, but he took a very different tone in August 2001 when arguing against the Right to Treatment Initiative.
To suggest that there should be no penalties for continuing drug use, he said, is to stick our head in the sand.
To be fair, it's not just the Bush team that's opposing the measure. Many in the rehab community are against it as well, arguing that the threat of jail is necessary to make addicts stick with their program.
While drug law reformers insist that addiction treatment should be removed from the criminal realm altogether, Bruce Hayden, president of the spectrum programs, the group before rehab clinic says that the threat of jail is absolutely necessary for the most part of the criminal justice system and treatment system were very well together, he said.
But how well they work together has a lot to do with how much money defendants have. While first offense possession of crack in Florida carries a maximum five-year prison sentence, 15 years for heroin, most nonviolent defendants cannot for Florida system of drug courts designed to divert nonviolent addicts into treatment programs rather than prison.
That's what Noel Bush did. People will complete the treatment emerge with a clean criminal record. It sounds like a great system and in many ways it is, it's certainly far better than New York's, where mandatory minimum sentences send people away for decades.
Randy Credico, a drug reform activist who heads the New York-based William Moses consular fund for racial justice, sites the case of a long island that occurredly serving 12 and a half to 25 years for a second offense crack possession, 12 and a half to 25 years.
But there are two problems with Florida system. MacDonald concedes that there aren't enough drug courts to handle everyone eligible for them, only half who would up for the drug court get in. And those offenders who want treatment instead of prison often have to find their own rehab center and find a way to pay for it.
There are state subsidized places within the various clinics, but there's a long waiting list for these. So some defendants go to jail for lack of treatment options. The problem has been exacerbated by recent budget cuts, which according to a January article in the St. Pete Times eliminated more than 600 subsidized beds, a third of the total.
MacDonald since he thinks the article exaggerated the loss of beds. Those who don't go to treatment don't get their records cleared, Smith says. So if they're arrested again, they can be charged as habitual offenders, which carries a double prison sentence.
A lot of my clients have to suffer in jail because they can't afford the kind of program that are prosecuted with find acceptable, says Smith.
If you've had a client with an unlimited budget, I can find a program form that's probably going to satisfy everyone. Furthermore, he says programs that are designed for paying customers tend to be more accommodating as New-L bushes has been.
Smith says that the referendum would put the onus on the state rather than the defendant to find a treatment bed for everyone who qualifies for one.
Opponents of the right to treatment initiative don't really dispute the fact that the system favors people with money, as whether the current system discriminates against the poor Blair says in terms of drug treatment, well, it probably discriminates to the extent that the state does not furnish adequate drug treatment programs.
It discriminates in the sense that a well-heared defendant might be given the option to voluntarily enter a drug treatment program at his own expense in order to avoid the consequences of a criminal offense, and that same drug treatment alternative might not be available always to indigent defendants.
Hayden agrees I'd like to think that the money should not determine whether you go to jail or not. He says, but it does. Are we talking fair? I think we're talking reality. At least reality bush style rights, Michelle Goldberg and today's salon dot com 1027 at 560 WQ and we'll be back.
My love is this for 205.
Hey, it's how it how it David.
And that's why I think I'll have a championship season. And when did I tell you you don't talk to like say you can talk this is the beast. I said shut up.
That's all that you're like a father to me. You don't talk to l'm done talking when I'm done talking then you talk.
Okay, I'll be coming. Come here. I want you to meet a friend of mine. Mr. Gough Club.
Why are you on a business end of this thing? Come here.
This court sentences you to 20 years in ours.
What do you invoke? I had ordered tag off my mattress. It looks like we'll be a bunk mate. The name's more how it David.
It's tag is a screen of paradise. What's yours?
Nick, hold me. You got so pan.
Thank you. Hey, you got it.
So proud of you. I'm going to make you my woman.
Hey, nobody. God. God.
Oh, God.
Get it, pinky.
My child. We got 10 minutes.
What else to be safe and easy?
You know both of us.
You know that. You know that. You'll end the blam over that.
It's so pretty.
Okay.
Come on, I'll be like that.
You know who I am.
No, come on. Then don't think it up now.
Come here, blam.
All right.
But I expect a print in the policy of my cousin.
Now, boom, hand him both back.
There, little boom.
I'll take the throw out.
It's a boom.
Yeah.
The warden will see you now.
Thank you.
Well, Mr. David.
Little wooden.
Jack. Jack.
How can I help you?
Oh, you see more than a hill.
I keep getting raped.
Oh, he's advantageous.
I look into it right away.
Thanks a lot.
It's about time.
But it now dropped your path.
I said drop your path.
This was odds.
Favours don't come to you.
Yo, yo, yo.
Let's rate more.
Radio big shot.
That's how we pass the time away.
Give the G.O.J. a little odds.
Okay. 10.33 at 5.60 W.Q.A.M.
A gun-toting musician forced the Southern Brazilian radio station to play his debut album for more than an hour after failing to break into show business by more usual roots.
The man's father said.
Marcus Vinicius D'Ocento is 27.
The vocalist for the rock group ACC, a Portuguese acronym for Beyond the Grey Sky,
stormed this jockey Marcio Paz's booth at Antelita FM, and forced him to play his album Faces of Life.
He's acquired for his father, Gatullio D'Ocento said, I'm surprised by what happened.
The incident ended after about 70 minutes when Vinicius D'Ocento surrendered to police.
Nobody was injured and posthled him for listeners where they could buy the band's album.
Sounds like a good idea of Power 96, don't it?
What?
Are you still at a bad again?
You better get control of yourself, Mr.
because you're losing your grip on reality.
Italy is famous around the world for strikes in every sector from transport workers to doctors, from teachers and even prostitutes.
Now the first pizza strike has been called for tomorrow.
The consumer group ADUC, Adouc, says the price of a pizza is just too high and disproportionate to cost of ingredients.
The group estimates that the ingredients for a classic pizza margarita, tomato mozzarella and basil, cost a mere 49 euros since.
But restaurant growers are charged an average of 5 euros and increase of some 1000%.
Using the same proportion the group says the dish of choice fishing a good restaurant will cost to consumer some 150 euros
but a reality cost only a fraction of that.
In order to protest against the high cost of the national staple the group is called a consumer is not to buy pizzas all day tomorrow in Italy.
How do you like that?
When in Rome don't eat the pizza, don't eat the pie.
Speaking of don't eat it, yeah.
Sydney, Australia, a glomb of dog excrement on a Queensland robber's shoe has been used as evidence to identify him landing in a 10-year stretch for a betting shop hold up on Australia's gold coast.
Now isn't this again my second power is coming into play what was I talking about yesterday?
Dog to dog crab.
Getting dog crab powder away.
There you go.
See if he would have just thrown the shoes away.
Police said yesterday they'd used enhanced photos from a security camera to match the pattern of excrement found at the crime scene.
To that on a 20-60-year-old Jacob Smith's shoe.
It's not rocket scientists as plain as poo on your shoe.
Police Sergeant Alan Piper veteran scientific officer was quoted by the local media saying it's as plain as poo on your shoe.
It could have been one or a thousand or ten thousand shoes but because that poo was there was creating a great big feature that allowed us to go in for a positive identification.
I say there's been some more poo on that shoe but it's worn away said Piper would have been also doing a smell test.
Oh no smell test.
A smell test?
Smith would wrap the sheet around his face to hide his identity during the heist was jailed June for ten years and ten months on charges of robbery being armed in company and unlawful use of a motor vehicle etc.
And also for having shoes that smell really nasty whose job is that to do the smell test?
The sniff police Dr. Fung, Dr. Mung,
Milwaukee if you're going to court you might want to leave the Gokane at home authorities in Milwaukee say they found twenty eight rocks of crack cocaine in the braided hair of a sixteen-year-old girl.
Deputy said they searched the girl after one saw a plastic bag sticking out from from the back of her hair.
According to prosecutors the girl claims she found the illegal drugs in the bathroom.
Authorities say they don't know why the teen had gone to the courthouse in the first place.
Now she faces felony drug possession charges.
How do you like that?
It's hearsay is something just in from CNN.
California teacher sentenced to prison for sex with student.
A judge and how come this is just in this is a story from yesterday and brought a little bit slow.
A judge yesterday sternly elected a former California teacher who kidnapped a fifteen-year-old student and had sex with an a Vegas hotel but gave her a sentence that allows her to be released from Nevada custody next month.
Being a teacher is a sacred trust.
How dare you?
How dare you?
Judge Joseph T. Bonaventure yelled pointing his finger at Tonya Hayden had in thirty-three.
How dare you?
Bitch!
He sentenced to five to twelve and a half years in prison for secondary kidnapping, sexual conduct between teacher and student and statutory sexual seduction.
But he suspended all but six months of the sentence meaning that with a time served she faces only forty more days in Nevada.
Hadden still faces related charges in California were likely to be extradited within weeks, prosecuted, Douglas Hunden said those charges carry up to nine years in prison.
Hadden and Richard Payne disappeared April 29th from San Bernardino's Cajun High School.
They were found to be lost Vegas hotel casino four days later.
The former teacher broke into tears yesterday hearing his the boy's mother, Ida Payne, said Hadden Roonderson's life and that the family went through hell while he was missing.
You violated him and you violated us, she said, glaring at Hadden.
Hadden's lawyer Jordan S. Savage said her client was lonely.
After a recent separation from her husband, I was acting like a fifteen-year-old girl friend she told the judge yesterday.
I wasn't acting like an adult.
Hadden agreed that she needed therapy and apologize to Payne his mother saying, I want peace to return to your family.
I want a peace of that too.
Hadden could have been sentenced to twenty-six years in prison, but Bonaventure told her you would last deserve a chance-
How do you like that?
A kidnaps a fifteen-year-old kid takes him to a Vegas strip motel and just screws his brains up.
What do you think of that?
Ah, but it was a guy.
Yes, he or jealous.
I got two baseball stories coming up.
Can you believe that?
Hi, I'm the local, this is five-six years.
The radio's on your side.
You ain't.
Hi, there, you bastard.
And don't roll me one of them.
I'm not a bad guy.
I tried to go skydiving, but I wasn't high.
And when they jumped out I stayed in, because I wasn't high.
I prefer being alive, and I know why.
Wow, man, here was a...
Because I'm not high, because I'm not high, because I'm not high.
So I'm sure even you saw the...
If you had CNN honoring the talking-head channels, you saw the...
Comfort dumps they had there in Chicago.
The baseball thing?
Yes, I did.
With those two scumbags, those two shirtless tattoos scumbags.
Yes, father and son.
WTs.
Oh, man.
Tom Gambo was standing near first-based, as he's done every other night of the season, hands on his hips, as he was watching the world's next batter come to the plate.
Suddenly out of nowhere, the Kansas City coach was ambushed by a bare-chested father and his juvenile son, who ran out of the seats.
What seemed like a football team crashed into his back and knocked him to the ground.
His left cheek was slammed into the turf and his face absorbed blow after blow.
It just happened so fast, he said, when he get in and brawls with the other team, you have a chance to anticipate this type of thing.
But when it's coming totally unprovoked and from behind, I'm just totally stunned.
Did you see him with a big go-well on his foot?
Yep.
On his hate.
The entire world's team in the White Sox rushed to Gambo as they had several cuts in large brews on his forehead, but he walked off the field away standing ovation from the crowd at Kamiski Park where the world's beat the White Sox 2-1.
The father and son were let off the field in handcuffs.
White Sox spokesman Scott Reefert said their names will not be released until their charge.
Reefert said the father will face a charge evacuated felony assault for hitting Gambo in a White Sox security guard, who's an opt-outie Chicago police officer.
The son of his age was not made available, faced unspecified juvenile charges.
I would expect Major League Baseball to do something, Rose Outfielder, Chuck Knoblock said it's amazing something like that hasn't happened before, but it's a fear of players because it seemed like the fans continued to get more and more hostile.
A folded pocket knife was found at the scene.
White Sox Outfielder, Aaron Roland said he saw it fall out of one of the fans' pockets, and Rose Closer Roberto Hernandez saw security guards place it in an evidence bag.
How do you like that? They had a swishblade.
Rednecks, shirtless rednecks with tattoos and a swishblade. Sounds like a recipe for a real polycryb to the view it was a buck knife.
And of course it was in the ninth inning, and by that time you do realize...
...duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh.
Of course. Right. That's the only way you're going to enjoy the game.
Because that's the All-American way, and I've asked that question a million times back in the days when we were taking those stupid ass phone calls.
See, I've asked a lot of good questions over the years on the year, but never get answers to those questions. You don't want to know why?
Why? Because people don't want to be forced to think about those things.
Just like this athletes patting each other on the ass.
Correct them. Oh, and never got a response to that.
The only endeavor where it's not considered to be a faggy thing is the athletes.
Lawyers after they win a big court case don't pat each other on the ass.
Nobody patts each other on the ass unless they mean something but unless of course it's athletes, then it's acceptable behavior.
Assleets? Assleets. That's right. Speaking of ass.
Yes, Beast just weighed his fat ass.
And?
229 down a pound.
55 pounds, baby.
The once gigantic humongous disgusting grotin under the beast here that the... thing?
Oh, that's right. He can't comment on that because he needs the job.
Well, that's good work, Beast. Keep it up. 55 pounds of balance for life.
And of course the beast also does not participate in the Boba Ghanush. I'm sure.
Does he?
Just the Boba part.
Oh, and that's a shame because I hear the Ghanush stuff is really the best part.
I'm looking at your menus, chocolate strawberry pancakes, turkey ham, onion, spinach, egg and cheese burrito, pizza omelet, pommadoro, pepperoni, and mozzarella cheese, turkey broccoli and cheddar souffle.
I just had a blueberry muffin that was dynamic and I'm going to have mushroom strutal.
And that I... that I poppy lemon cheesecake and pork fried rice, chicken mix, a con.
That's good stuff. Of course, it'll make you test positive.
Chicken club wrap with tomato cheddar turkey bacon, romaine and thousand island dressing, spinach, fusilli, citrino with Lorraine swiss.
Okay, I'm getting hungry now.
Seriously, the stuff on it is good, which is why I can stay on it.
See, the fat boy gave me that ridiculous copy. I had a therapeutic ability for dial amatris.
And next year he's threatening that he's going to get them the semi-good mattress for up here in Toronto, which would be great.
And much needed, much appreciated.
But I'm not looking forward to coming home so I can sleep on a good mattress.
Okay, I mean, that's getting carried a little bit too far.
But one of the things I am looking forward to is having the food every day in my little black sack, because I do enjoy that.
And I'll be able to like get into that weight-loss thing right along with the beast.
The QM van will be out at the CarMax located in Miami, just off the 836 at 1300,
Northwest 98th Court tomorrow from 11 to 1.
Stop by to win prizes and free food from Atlantic City Subs, where Ira and the Bread make the difference.
That's with Miguel, I'm sure.
Yes.
Tomorrow between 11 and 1. CarMax 1390 Northwest 89th.
What is it 98th Court tomorrow? I can't, I'm tongue-tied.
That's because I got that Atlantic City Subs thing I was thinking about.
I was a good friend there, which I don't want to mention.
The other baseball story, it might have a trouble with that wicked weed.
Can you believe that?
No, I don't believe that.
At least seven players suspected of marijuana use.
Oh my God! What's it going to be next?
Is that that performance enhancing marijuana?
Right.
At least seven months have been suspected of using Marigewini, the season part of Analege,
pattern of drug use that reaches from the team's minor league system,
right up to the Major League roster sources close to the team of Toll of News Day.
This is in today's News Day on Long Island.
Manager Bobby Valentine acknowledged he worried about the drug problem on his team as early as spring training
and said he spoke to General Manager Steve Phillips about his concerns.
Although Phillips yesterday said he did not recall such a conversation.
I've seen signals, but nothing definitive.
Valentine said yesterday as he was drowned out by a cloud of smoke.
Can you believe that's why they played so crappy this year, you think?
Maybe like all of them went in doubt, they're kind of spaced out.
A top team official, Aubrey, said the manager confronted rookie reliever Grant Roberts
over suspected drug use this season.
Valentine said he met with his team to discuss foolishness of drug use
when rookie pitcher Mark Cory was hospitalized with seizure-like symptoms June 26 after smoking marijuana
with teammate Tony Terrasco mere blocks from the stadium.
Remember that story?
No.
I sure do.
Terrasco Cory and Roberts are three of at least seven Major League mates who have been suspected of using marijuana this season.
Most of the players involved came up to the Met's Farm System in addition to Cory.
A number of those suspected are no longer with the team.
Phillips disputed this problem yesterday, said I don't think we have rampant drug use in our Major League team.
He said interviews with the high ranking team official, a former prospect and two people close to players in the organization
in the aftermath of the Cory Terrasco incident raised new allegations.
According to a friend of some of the Met's players, marijuana has allegedly been mailed into the shade stadium inside a Jarup Peanett butter
and at least one Met regularly smokes marijuana in the players parking lot.
The source also said that a number of Met's players have been known to share a marijuana filled limousine ride rather than taking the team bus from one city to another while on the road.
A former prospect and two friends of current Met's confirmed that the team's minor leagueers have been warned in advance of supposedly random drug tests and learned how to avoid drug detection.
One of the friends said that Met's minor leagueers have been known to buy marijuana and drug-perfinated in their hotels on the road in order to access it on the next trip to town.
A team official and a friend of players said in addition to marijuana, ecstasy was another drug of choice among Met's minor leagueers.
Valentine encountered how he talked to his team after news day reported the Cory Terrasco drug use in June.
After one incident we had I addressed the team about this stuff specifically about how foolish it was, how it was illegal, and how embarrassing it could be for it to continue Valentine's set.
In order to evade bomb-stiffing dogs that occasionally patrol shade stadium, a source refused to be named said one player instructed an accomplice to pack them marijuana and partly filled peanut butter jars.
By virtue of that, it's tasty too.
And when you start getting the munchies you just reach in there, get the munchies and it's extra crunchy.
We're not going to get packing of that again, are we?
Oh, open wide. They leave about a half inch to an inch of peanut butter on the outside.
Well, then they just throw it over the bag of inside the peanut butter said the source who also has now the two of the young men may have provided drugs to teammates and players on other teams during spring training.
Told of the drug allegations catcher Mike Piazza said it's kind of disturbing if that's the case.
I'm not against having fun for me if having a few if it's having a few beers.
If you're a wage you have to blow off steam somehow, but you think guys at this level will be completely focused on their careers.
He said first basement Mo Vaughan said yesterday I personally was never in the drugs just like what's his name used to tell us Tommy Kramer.
It's hard enough to play this game if your brain is normal.
I don't know if that's a problem on this team. I hope that God it's not he said if there's something going on, we need to correct it.
There's a thing in here about the stuff that's saying.
This story goes on from pages and pages, but about the fact that of course when you're buying it like you have no idea what's in it.
See this is part of the problem of America is constipated ass-n-line stone age position on legalization and even decriminalization.
Is the fact and of course it's got to be legalization because the criminalization won't change that.
You got to know what you're buying. Got only knows what's in it when you get like in it in the peanut butter jar.
You know it or when you when you buy it on the streets of Amsterdam instead of the coffee shops.
Although this one more important things than marriage. You mean you on the streets of Amsterdam correct crack hook crack.
Why not crack. Oh come on. I'll just see.
They are that that group that crowd. They could be the lowest form of subhuman scum ever to crawl around on the face of the globe.
They rise the coins in Amsterdam. They're just sending me speaking of drugs.
Yeah. Agents arrest seven in South Florida as part of Internet rape drug trade.
Remember we had the good old hair a scrubbed on the other day. Yes indeed.
The US and Canada launched an all out of salt on the Internet trade in date drug date rape drug this week date rape drugs this week with the rest of 115 people in 84 cities.
US Attorney General hair John Ascroft announced yesterday.
Seven people in South Florida were among those accused yesterday of buying or selling the drug GHB and its derivatives over the Internet.
GHB and chemical cousins normally used in the production of industrial solvents also abuse as an intoxicant muscle growth hormone and most dangerously as a date rape drug causing drowsiness and loss of consciousness or worse.
The use of the colorless odorless liquid as a central nervous system depressing that can cause memory loss often makes prosecution of rape cases difficult according to the US DEA.
Our campuses our neighborhoods and our communities are safer places for young women today because cyberspace just got more dangerous for drug traffickers as Coffby Sam.
The DEA's documented 72 deaths caused by the GHB family.
It doesn't get any more serious than that said special agent Joe Kilmer spoke with the DEA in Miami.
Operation web slinger involving numerous federal and local investigators in the US and Canada confiscated about 3000 gallons of GHB type chemicals and more than a million dollars in cash and property in the most significant offensive against date rape drug.
The DEA director asked for Hutchinson said in Washington DC.
Remember him asked for Hutchinson? Nope.
Yeah, you do. He was the senator from Arkansas. Yeah, I call my asshole. Okay.
He was one of the big anti-clinton penis. The investigation began two years ago and stand from operations in St. Louis Detroit, San Diego, Mobile, Alabama.
Sparta, Tennessee Buffalo, New York and Quebec City. They don't say a in Quebec City. Buffalo, New York. But it certainly seemed to be having a lot of troubles in Buffalo and like a Wanda and John's town and Lee Roy.
Chandler for Donia and Chiquuaga and Duncirk.
A restaurant in South Florida and in the Batavia.
A restaurant in South Florida, a state charge with possession and or trafficking in the drugs were Michael Riolo, 31 of Coconut Creek, James, was 27 of Palm Beach, Kevin Fruilist, 40 of Miami Beach, Alexis, a thinnial 33 of North Palm Beach, Robert Dobson, 44 West Palm Beach, John in 47 of Palm Beach Gardens and Michael Zarechny, 32 West Palm Beach.
Daniel Peltzert of San Etienne, Quebec. Don't you love those French names? We San Etienne, Quebec, described by US assistant attorney James Kennedy and Buffalo as one of the biggest providers of GHB in the world was indebted on charges of unlawful use of the Internet and importation of GBL and BD and SPD and SPCA after 1452 gallons of the chemicals were seized Wednesday from his business and residents.
GHB is also known as G, Gib, Scoop, Liquid, Liquid Ex, Women's Vagra, Green Vespot, Lee, Harm, Easy, Lay, Gamma, Ten, Salty, Water, Aminose, Aminos, Aminos, Blue Nitro and Blue Thunder, among other names according to Project GHB, a nonprofit anti drug use organization. How do you like that?
You've got belonging here, you damn crackhead.
Exactly.
We're supporting O5 CC, QAM.
Dr. Good, and good.
Hi, Snorr.
Mr. Mouse.
What the hell are you doing to me?
What do you mean, sir?
Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn?
Well, sir, we're just scouting locations.
Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs. You are killing me!
But, sir, look what we've done with New York City Times Square for the second street.
Hang on!
Raymond!
Raymond!
Turn off the vacuum, plan a remus! Get that blue bird out of here!
Okay, boss.
Eisner, but, sir, look what we don't admit to our men had 40 second street is incredible.
I know what, publicly, I supported that, but you took all the point away!
You're killing me! I'm going through Gavoscow, I'm like Peds!
We're just scouting areas, calm down.
Listen to me, but, much. Don't tell me to calm down.
We got lucky with Lee Loan's stitch, $128 million.
Now, you're trying to ruin the whole network!
What kind of programming are you running?
Hang on a minute.
The B-2, the...
Raymond!
Yes, sir.
You're going through the blue bird crap all over your shoulder!
Bring yourself up for heaven's sake!
And turn off the vacuum cleaner!
Look, God!
Sir, the network is fine.
Why couldn't you come up with American Idol?
Good God, you're still running James Bond movie!
They're 60 years old!
Why don't you just put Steamboat willy on and be done with it?
Lisa, I'd make a couple of damn dollars!
Well, the movie division's fine.
You mentioned Lee Loan's stitch, and now we have the new M Night Shummel on movie coming out later this summer.
Why does science, what the hell does that mean? Stop sign, yield sign.
You've got a sex wing in some of these titles past me!
Please!
Raymond!
Raymond!
Here you go!
I know you can't hear me, Raymond!
You're still running the market, Plata!
Here goes my book, I'm running the market!
Get on here, Raymond!
And take that blue bird, Raymond!
All right.
Yes, sir.
I'd be very careful the next time I started my car.
Why were you?
What do you mean, sir?
I'm not done with you.
What?
I've done...
I'll put Hannah Starr in your job, but sir, you're terrible!
Sorry.
Maybe I put Remus in there!
I don't want to be president of Disney Remus!
Oh, man!
What a wonderful day!
Get on here, you nut thang!
Love it all, three at five, sixty.
I don't know, maybe I'm the only one, but that's just what I love and do.
It's just, especially the Remus part.
Yeah, and the blue bird on is...
Shoulder.
74 Agnostics were doing our semi-annual religion pull on NeoRongers.com.
74 Agnostics, atheist 55.
Cantalix 50 must be a lot of spics.
Jews 39.
Wikens 31.
That's the one that really raises both of my eyebrows.
All three of them.
Wikens.
See, and a person for you that would...
I don't...
We don't have any Wikens.
You don't believe that that number is severely ill.
It's hard to officially inflate a deal of questions.
There's maybe ten real votes on there.
Protestants 22, born again, Christians 5.
All right.
Oi!
Buddhist 5, Jehovah's Witness 3, Muslim 3.
And we still have only one Mormon, one Christian,
one scientist, one Scientologist, no Hindus and no six.
I thought we had a lot of...
How can that be?
With all the conveniences, stores, conveniences, stores...
Right, I haven't found...
Now they're all here.
They're all up here, believe me.
I mean, forty trillion of them.
This is from the Dredge Report.
You fact me?
This is what is kind of interesting.
Yes, Carlos said, we know you hate the Dredge Report,
but nevertheless, it's the Dredge Report.
No, I don't hate the Dredge Report,
and don't even hate him.
I just find him...
He just leaves me limp, you know what I mean?
What do you mean?
He just leaves me limp.
Like when he came to the pizza loft that day
with his mother, whoever that woman was?
I mean, does his mother drive him to work like Barry Jackass?
Or what?
He's obsessed with the show, though, Matt Rudge.
And he is on the WABC.
He's on all over the country.
And, you know, I mean, you know, he's probably got a good agent.
Is anyone of yours?
Ask David Johnson.
Dredge Report, White House Game Show,
Murdoch Net Plans American Candidate,
winner to run for president 04.
Move over, American Idol.
Here comes American President,
a Rupert Murdoch TV Game Show.
And, of course, if Rupert Murdoch's behind it,
we can't imagine how far to the right to win
in candidates' gonna be.
Right.
A Rupert Murdoch TV Game Show
that may choose the outcome of the next White House race.
Cable Channel FX,
is sent to Madame Ambush's two-year endeavor
to accommodate in the American public voting on,
a People's Candidate to run for president of the US in 2004.
A hundred candidates will start the series.
During subsequent episodes,
candidates will square off
a numerous competitions like debates.
What a concept.
The number of semi-finalists will be whittledowny,
tweaked based on live audience response,
and telephone slash internet voting.
Each episode will originate from all American locales,
such as Mount Rushmore,
or the Statue of Liberty.
But the final episode of this series
will be an American candidate convention
held live on the National Mall in Washington
around July 4, 2004, sufficiently patriotic.
Viewers will determine the winning candidate
from among three finalists.
Maybe that guy in Texas can, like, you know,
vote 42 million times.
The series will be seeking the Jesse Ventures
of the world finding messages people want to hear
added Kevin Marley, FX's president of entertainment.
How many people do you think watch FX, by the way?
It depends on what's on, like,
the shield has a very large audience.
Hopefully, we'll find some very qualified civil servant
who likes a power-based, maybe also a plumber
from Detroit who tells it like it is.
It's like a cross between the War Room and American Idol,
producer RJ Cutler tells this weekend's Daily Variety,
will be making available to every American who's qualified
by virtue of the Constitution,
the opportunity to run for president.
Just as American Idol went searching
for undiscovered musical talent, Cutler said American candidate
will be on the hunt for untapped political
and leadership skill.
It's not clear the ethical ramifications
of Murdoch's newscorp financing
of presidential candidates' launch.
The game show appears to be inspired by a
Buenos Aires television channel, which is launching a series
called The People's Candidate, where the window will be nominated
as a candidate for the 03 congressional elections
in Argentina.
Oh!
Three.
I beg your pardon?
You said, oh.
Oh.
So it's coming soon.
Coming very soon away, election booth near you,
with rigged voting, electronic voting.
Just like real elections.
Right.
Oh, wait till you hear this.
Now this is going to be, I don't know about this,
because I don't know that much about it,
but it just, it makes my skin crawl, it makes my kishkis
and it puts a little bit.
Publix, this start selling irradiated beef
and chicken next year.
Yes.
What do you think?
I mean, yes.
I saw that story.
Publix Supermarkets, Inc. Florida's largest grocery chain,
of course, we love them dearly, said this week that it will begin
selling irradiated beef and chicken next year,
and it moved its already bringing protests.
Oh, I haven't got to the pet history yet.
How did I know that?
Oh.
One thing at a time, I guess.
Oh, no, I got such a pile of stuff here.
Where the hell is that?
Why did I put that down so far in my list?
The pet of people.
Oh, here it is.
In fact, I'm going to move it up on my list.
Now you notice before the show, I was playing something,
and you probably wondered why I was playing it.
And listen to the way she says it.
Peaks in Lakewood.
Oh, that, OK.
Pea.
See?
Pea.
I can hear it.
I can hear it.
Pea.
Pea.
Pea.
Pea.
So that's why I played that because the goddess was saying it
like a lot of time ago.
Pea.
Well, the pea.
That was perfect.
Anyway, Publix has started selling irradiated beef.
Publix spokesman Lee Brunson said the Lakeland based chain's
new generation brand of irradiated frozen ground beef,
boneless chicken breasts, and chicken tenders will give consumers
more choice and another line of defense against contamination.
But irradiation opponents immediately declared war.
We'll be exerting pressure on Publix and Florida nationwide said Michael Colby,
exactly a director of food and water in came on the lobbying organization.
Colby, in my way, to Panthers lost last night in Montreal 5-2,
exhibition game, first exhibition game of the season.
I thought I'd mention it because Moe won't let Gildey even mention puck on the air,
or schmuck.
Because when he says schmuck, he thinks he's talking about him.
And if he says puck, he knows it's hockey, talking to want to hear that.
Colby, via in the at least play Ottawa last night there tonight,
their first exhibition game.
Colby, via to mobilize the groups 125,000 grassroots supporters nationwide
will be in front of as many public solvices we can.
He said, well, that's something to look forward to coming home to.
To see them protesting in front of my publics.
Publix direct is great, by the way, which is what?
You shop online.
They bring it right to your house.
But now do you get to choose the bag, boy?
Just the bag.
Don't they have pictures there?
During the past four.
Well, what's wrong with that?
No, you don't get to choose the bag, boy.
During the past 40 years, the FDA has gradually increased the number of foods,
including beef, pork, poultry, and fresh roots and vegetables,
that can be irradiated, which kills harmful bacteria.
But many grocers in restaurants faced with critics claims that a radiation can cause cancer
have been reluctant to sell the treated food.
Others have been selling it without fanfare to avoid protest, in other words, real quiet.
Keep it quiet.
Publix, which has 711 stores in Florida, Joe and Joe South Carolina, Alabama won't be the first grocer
in the state to sell irradiated meat.
Jacksonville based, when Dixie stores disclosed on Wednesday,
that it's quietly been selling irradiated frozen beef patties for about a year
and it's more than 1,070 stores in 12 states,
I wouldn't buy the meat of Wendixie if you paid me by the ounce.
The beef?
People?
I wouldn't touch their meat with your hand.
Wendixie spokesman Mickey Clurk said the company never announced it was introducing irradiated.
And I was, although the Husking brand, the HUSKIEN, is labeled with a federally required irradiation symbol
in the statement that the food was treated.
What's the symbol?
Is it like a little skull and crossbones?
Like that, you know those three triangles.
It's not a big item in terms of sales clerks,
but it gives consumers a choice.
People who want to cook hamburgers rare, he said, can do so with a irradiated beef
with less concern about salmonella or other contamination.
Sal who used to play a third base for the A's.
Clerk said he couldn't say what the Wendixie might add to irradiated chicken or fresh products
to the mix in the future.
It all depends on consumer demand, he said.
A number of other small regional supermarket chains such as
Wegmans, food markets in New York.
Oh, right.
Recently also against salmonella or other beef products.
I love Wegmans.
I like loblaws better.
We got loblaws here, but I don't know where the hell they are.
There's not one by me.
Aren't you excited about that?
We got loblaws in Toronto?
No.
But I got dominion A.
I'm excited about that.
What a great storm.
I just like to hang out there for a few hours and just take a whole bunch of sacks.
Public settle consider selling irradiated fresh food in the future move that could make the chain even more vulnerable to protest.
Most mainstream health professionals support irradiation is safe and effective
and a way to blunt and alarming rise in foodborne illnesses and deaths.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said in the statement on irradiation
that an overwhelming body of scientific evidence demonstrates that irradiation does not harm the nutritional value of food
nor does it make the food unsafe to eat.
Just as for the pasteurization of milk, it will be most effective when irradiation is coupled
with careful sanitation programs.
The public's products will be treated at food technology service, ink, a plant near Lakeland,
a small company that's been zapping poultry fruit and vegetable since 92, despite sporadic protests from various groups such as food and water ink.
How do you like that?
Those people who do the ticks, all it does is kill organisms.
You don't want anything to be alive in your meat.
And that's it.
That's great.
But you want your meat to be alive?
That's the question.
Live your one-nothing alive in your meat, but you certainly want your meat to be alive.
That's what they say at Cemetery Village.
In fact, that's their slogan for the new year.
12 minutes after 11 at 5.60, but if you have any questions, anyone out there who's not punching their brains out at VIPsportsbook.com?
If so, I've got to tell you you're missing out on a really great sports book.
You're a lot of ads these days, but do some research before you plunk your hard-earned money down at some unstable third-world sportsbook like at Cemetery Village.
Let me help you out.
VIPsportsbook.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdog, all of them.
They're Dutch based, so how back can they be?
And they're one of the first online sportsbooks.
So seriously, if you go on a roll of the lifetime, at that point you want to be with the best sportsbook out there.
Make sure you get your cash.
VIPsportsbook.com is the one.
VIPs sportsbook.
The football season is in full force, and you need to be with the best.
VIPsportsbook.com, so open an account online.
And when you do that, you get you a 15% sign-up cash bonus.
And did I mention?
I don't think I did.
They have the highest parliads in the world up to 2001 that I mentioned at Gary Sarner as an asshole.
I'll say it again.
Get over to VIPsportsbook.com and play it a book with class that phone number is toll-free.
1-866 VIP bets.
That's 1-866 VIP bets.
What you waiting for, man, go to VIPsportsbook.com and get that 15% cash bonus sign-up online right now.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
They were first.
This website contains materials by and about the church and school of WCA, including history,
course descriptions, biographies of the founders, instructional tapes for sale, of course, and more.
We're always happy to meet with someone else who's interested in exploring witchcraft, the old religion and its way of life.
I told you it was witchcraft, right?
I didn't argue with that.
How you didn't, what are you talking about?
That's where the word comes from, which comes from the word WCA.
Witchcraft, WCA craft is also called WCA-Aul or alternatively the craft.
The craft, this previously underground religion is much to teach every human.
This must be something from passions, from tabitha and hekiba.
This previously underground religion is much to teach every human about survival and about the ethical use of natures in eight powers.
The craft is a way of life that investigates every potential that you have.
It draws its strength from the diversity of nature itself.
Indeed, it rejoices in diversity.
You're views and interests are just as well as anyone else's.
And we hope that you tool be a pushback to the artificial barriers that surround many religious dogmas.
As we'll mention several times in this website, witches are not Satanists.
The negativity of that offshoot of Christianity is not for positive thinkers such as witches.
Well, there you go.
So which one do you believe in?
Witch.
We got 85 agnostic, a 60 Catholics,
atheist 58, Jews 41, 12 and a half percent,
Wiccan 32, which I don't believe that for a minute.
Protestants 29, born again Christians 9,
Buddhist 5, Muslim 4, to hope his witnesses we got three.
So far we only got one Christian scientist, one lonely, more than one Scientologist,
and still not a single Hindu or sick.
How do you like that?
Well, they're busy working.
That's shocking to me.
That is really depressing.
I feel it down.
Peter revised anti-mil campaign targets party schools.
I did something.
Peter.
State College PA.
Got controversy question market.
I asked this is on the Associated Press, of course, Boston.com.
People for the ethical treatment of animals has revived its anti-milk Got Beer campaign
with ads in four college newspapers.
The ads appeared yesterday urging students to abandon dairy in favor of the brewery.
How do you like that?
Peter.
This is the first time I can think of that we have seen ads encouraging college students to drink booze.
The quarter page ad in Penn State University's The Daily Collegiate features a silhouette of a beer bottle and reads,
got beer better than milk find out more at milk sucks.com.
Yeah.
College students care about cruelty to animals.
They need to know if they're consuming dairy products.
They're promoting animal abuse and harming their own health at Bruce Friedrich, director of vegan outreach for Virginia-based organization.
Peter first came up with a slogan after a spoof of the popular Got Milk campaign two years ago.
But it was retired after being criticized by mothers against drunk driving and other groups.
I would think that mothers against drug gravity will be pretty pissed off at any group that's encouraging college students to be drinking beer.
They're making up nasty stuff.
God.
Lisa Richie registered dietitian assistant professor, family and consumer sciences at Harding University in Ceres, Yarkasona said it was ridiculous.
What did I say?
Arconsona?
What?
Said it was ridiculous to claim that drinking beer is healthy than drinking milk.
I think really it's a stretch to say that beer is going to be better that you can't drink milk responsibly.
Richie said beer is an empty calorie food where you can get about 130 calories in a can.
It's not a real nutrient-packed substance.
We're milking an eight-ounce serving and getting awful lot of nutrients.
Right.
Especially since most people are lactose intolerant anyway.
Don't be drinking milk, okay?
I don't give a crap what that bitch says.
Don't be drinking cow's milk.
Do what George does.
Drink a mother's milk.
Pied on.
Or goat's milk.
In addition to the daily collegial, the ad ran in student papers at Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana,
University of Colorado in Boulder, and FSU in Tallahassee.
Oh my god!
As if those poor kids up there at FSU don't have enough problems to deal with already.
They got some serious problems to deal with.
And now they have to worry about ads that say get beer, get drunk, get drunk.
Like we need to put ads in newspapers encouraging college students to drink beer.
Don't you think that's like, of course we know the p to people are crazy anyway.
How's if they need any encouragement?
Did you just say that?
I just said that.
The campaign is targeted at the 10 schools identified by Princeton Review as the nation's top party schools.
In addition to Penn State, Indiana, Colorado and Florida State, the list included Alabama, Buffalo.
Everywhere you looked up, nobody ever heard of Buffalo before until last last.
The first we found these seven scumbags or eight of what they got, six of them in Buffalo.
You know what I'm saying?
And now we got every other nasty story.
And well, they're taking a little heat off Miami.
Now it's Buffalo that blows.
At the front of the reveal Buffalo still fucks out.
Clemson, Florida, New Hampshire and Wisconsin.
So even those gator people now said in drinking gatorade they're going to be drinking Budweiser.
They're going to be drinking Budweiser, they're going to be drinking Miller Light.
Peter also planned to run the Edith University of Penns.
I guess college students don't drink light beer, huh?
They drink cheap beer.
Maybe they'd be fat.
Now, my sister, Ralph, wasn't cheap.
That's what I'd rank in college.
Lots of the brilliant cheap.
It was?
Sure.
How do you know that?
Because I bought it too.
Peter's also planned to run the Edith University of Pennsylvania in five schools.
Princeton Review identified his stone cold sober.
Brigham Young, Wheaton College and the 80 Air Force and Coast Guard academies.
The daily universe had Brigham Young and the daily Pennsylvania independent refused to run the Ed.
And as nothing to do with Peter, nothing to do with the fact that he refers to alcohol said Matthew Mugman,
executive director of the daily Pennsylvania, it really was a wording issue without getting into specifics.
Mother's against drunk driving as well, renewed its criticism to campaign.
Wendy Hamilton, president of Mad.
She's mad as hell and not going to take it anymore.
Said in recent studies about binge drinking on campus and called it irresponsible.
And she's right.
In other words, so the choices are, if you're not going to drink milk, drink beer.
These Peter people are about, it says it's absolutely ridiculous.
It's an irresponsible and recycled publicity stunt that literally puts cows before kids.
It's appalling, she said.
I guess she hasn't seen someone say these kids speaking of cows.
You ever see any of those unhappy meals that they were circulating at the McDonald's playgrounds for a while there?
The Peter people?
Yes.
Crazy.
It wasn't enough that they were picking on that poor Oscar Meyer mobile.
Friedrich said those who focused on the probier aspect are missing the point.
He said that in addition to dairy products being unhealthy, the dairy industry is cruel to cattle.
The animals are in chronic pain. He said they put animals on the constant cycle of impregnation.
A third of the animals are sent to slaughter every year because their bodies are worn out.
And then they turn to hamburger.
Are they irradiated though?
Their babies are taken away from them with a couple days of birth, often with a couple hours of birth.
And you can hear these animals, the babies and their mothers wailing and agony.
Larry Hutchinson, a professor of veterinary science at Penn State, disputed that.
There's some transient anxiety, both for mother and for baby Hutchinson, said,
but provided the baby, in this case the calf has been adequate and provided for as far as environment.
The period of stress is rather short, no matter of hours.
And then of course we go on to make some delicious veal.
Mmm.
Wow.
Love my veal, baby.
Nobody's going to take my veal away from me.
It's like thin as a matter of fact right after the show to them, but I'm going to go out and give me some veal parmesan.
How do you like that?
Just to tell those people to shove it, okay?
Take your cows and stick them right in the moon down, giant.
Break the lid out.
You got it.
Take you a little baby cow and...
Get out of the way.
1127, am I getting a little emotional about that?
Because I hate those people. I can't stand them.
Lutitics.
I mean, you know, those are the same kind of people that take maybe some valid points and they make them so outrageous in our landage and care them to such an extreme.
That no.
So in other words, they do more harm than they do good if you catch my drift and they'll never tell you they're real agenda, which is the non use of any animal for any reason whatsoever period.
I see.
Well, don't tell the Chinese that don't take away their rat poison and the dogs.
Macro shopping, baby.
There's one way to do it that's smart. That's making one easy phone call.
Even an idiot can do that.
1-800-Matrus.
Just write that number down right now.
Jut it on your wrist.
1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
When you call that number, you'll be connected immediately to an expert vet in consultant whose only job is to hook you up with the best name brand Macrus is an unbeatable price and to get you delivered when you want to.
In other words, when you're going to be home, it's an unbeatable deal all the way around and they got all the top brands in the world.
They got service, silly Simmons, King Cora.
If you want to twin a king, a queen, whatever kind of bed you'd like to sleep on, whichever brand, whichever kind, whichever style.
You want the real high ones you need to ladder to get on, whatever you want.
They got it for you for it.
Ready for immediate delivery just about any to our window any day of the week, seven days a week when you're going to be there instead of sitting around praying, hoping that somebody might cheer up.
And also you get that 30 day home comfort guarantee so you can test your mattress the only smart way the only way to test it out when in doubt is to sleep on it and bounce around and do obscene things on it.
So if you want to get you a great new mattress and a super night sleep for years to come, do what I always do call the experts at dial a mattress toll free 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S or check them on that worldwide wicked web at mattress.com.
Live by and local.
We're sports radio 560-CUA-U-A-M.
Father, keep it there.
I remember my first high school dance.
Hey, do you want a dance?
Kid lost, loser.
I felt so out of place. I was in 98 pound weekly. I tried out for the football team. They didn't want nothing to do with me.
I even tried out for the girl softball team and they beat the crap out of me.
But then I discovered milk and I kept on drinking and I kept on and I kept on and I kept on.
And now after four years of drinking milk, it's graduation time and I'm still in 98 pound weekly.
That's why I'm up here on this water tower with this high-powered rifle.
Thank you, graduations!
Screw milk! It's all due to a damn thing!
I got your milk right here, pal!
Screw milk!
Aaaaah!
I'm 33 at 560. There was a guy on a show, a Canadian show there, but I have no idea what channel it was on.
Not that it makes any difference.
Who was carrying on like a lunatic. They were having a big debate about milk.
And he was carrying on like a maniac about how most people are lactose intolerant and that milk and dairy products.
Like a lot of cheese which unfortunately are the main causes of prostate cancer?
Really?
And then if people were just stop eating dairy products that the incidence of prostate cancer would like almost disappear.
Is what he said.
How do you like that? Don't forget the cheese.
A rested Delray priest now faces federal sex charge.
Oi!
The federal prosecutor put a book or rabbi in prison last year for soliciting sex from teenage boys over the internet.
Took in yesterday a Roman Catholic priest arrested last week on the similar charge.
Federal prosecutors unsealed a criminal complaint yesterday against the Reverend Elias Guinamade.
Guin Madeyes, 43, remember him?
Nope.
Or maybe we're out sick that day that had the story.
Of our Lady Queen of East Michigan West Delray beats hours after he had a bond hearing before Palm Beach County Circuit Court judge Marvin Mounce.
Assisted U.S. attorney loathed her up more as move to afflite to get a federal charge filed against Guin Madeyes.
Before bail could be sent he could be freed.
The filing of the federal charge also raises the stakes in the case that is punishable by up to 15 years in prison while the state charge is punishable by up to five.
In the morning hearing Mounce listed to the prosecution and defense.
He listened and said he would issue an order in late afternoon.
That's today.
He said Guinamade's bail at $10,000 put him under house arrest and forbade him to have unsupervised contact with children or access to a computer following all of this because I'm sure not.
All of that became move when U.S. magistrate Judge Linia Johnson signed a federal warrant detaining Guin Madeyes without bail and keeping him in Palm Beach County jail.
Guin Madeyes' schedule will be back in court today.
This time in front of Johnson and U.S. District Court in West Palm Beach.
He'll be informed of the charge and date will be set for a federal bond hearing.
Well, we already had his story last week.
That's enough of that.
Here's another guy that was kind of like old news.
Couldn't even knock off Mayor Pingha Puccini in our poll as the most evil man in South Florida.
I'll give you 10 clues as to who this is stories about and the first 15 don't count.
When I lay my eyes.
He's kind of like a hit and run guy, you know.
He gets his thing in blackbuster and then he runs, you know, and then gets his thing with the panthers and he runs off and the Marlins makes his buck and then drops it.
Right.
Billionaire H. Wayne High Pingha stepping down as chairman of Automation Inc.
The second chairman should be released in a week as he seeks to return to his entrepreneurial roots.
Well, maybe he's going to go back to collecting garbage.
Heisenga said yesterday that Automation CEO Mike Jackson will replace him as the auto retailers chairman on January 1.
That allows Heisenga's announcement on September 13 that he'll return to years end as chairman of Republic Services Inc.
Heisenga will stay on as a member of the board of directors at both companies.
He remains a chairman and chief executive of Bokka Resorts Inc. and of South Carolina based extended stay America Inc.
That Bokka Resorts Inc started out as Florida panthers at whatever was stock.
And then all of a sudden that magically turned into Bokka Resorts Inc. and it was a hotel stock at Sederman, so on.
Heisenga's long dominated South Florida's corporate culture, massing fame and fortune by leading Wall Street Titans Auto Nation blockbuster entertainment corp before that he helped build waste management.
Heisenga was a member of the board of directors at Sederman Inc. in Chicago.
You know what we're talking about? Waste management in Chicago, no.
But Heisenga who turned 65 in December said he wants to shift his focus from corporate management.
I want to be out of the road making deals and investing, he said.
And like I've said before, how much is enough Wayne?
Why don't you have enough to be out there making deals and wheeling and squealing and etc.
Heisenga declined to come on on specific investments, but through his actions beginning with last October sale of almost half his 32 million auto nation shares.
And his recent public comments, he has signaled his interest in creating a business concept to rival blockbuster and auto nation.
Whether we'll find another waste management or blockbuster or auto nation or send it to again, I don't know the chances of doing something like that.
And a probably quite slim hyping has said who uses for a loader day based hyping of holdings is an investment vehicle.
But that doesn't mean we're not out there looking.
He's looking, he's gonna outdo himself.
Bigger and better and more gigantic and put more little people out of business at a boy Wayne.
Not another pre-story here.
Yes.
What do you mean yes?
Oh, I, I asked you when I thought.
Oh, I just reached back and picked it up.
Woman, please, guilty to stay charged this year range for waterbury mayor to have sexual children.
Is that the one? No, that's the difference.
No, that's the difference.
A convicted prostitute pleaded guilty Wednesday to stay charged that she helped arrange sexual encounters between former waterbury Connecticut mayor Phil Jordanow and her young daughter, Renese.
The 31 year old woman pleaded guilty to federal charges last week.
As part of her plea agreement, she admitted to Wednesday and waterbury superior court to charges of conspiracy and risk of injury to a minor.
The woman said nothing in court but prosecutors revealed the tales of her statements to authorities providing a look into the government's case against the G.O.Dano, the three term mayor and Republican nominee for U.S. Senate in 2000.
Not a good Republican.
Westbury states attorney John Conley said G.O.Dano paid the woman about 50 bucks to arrange oral sex with the...
Oh, no.
Yes.
Westbury states attorney John Conley said G.O.Dano paid the woman about 50 dollars to arrange oral sex with the nine and 11 year old girls on about 15 different occasions while he was mayor.
The woman admitted bringing one or both of the girls to the mayor's office to the anonymous former law office, his former home and waterbury at condominium in the city and his car for sex, she said.
Because the girls had no knowledge of sex, he also showed them what to do.
She's indicated that she's a crack addict, she's indicated that she was addicted to drugs, she did it for the money.
The AP is not identifying the one because of a relationship to a sexual assault.
That could be the sickest story.
Man.
There.
Dices of Lexington.
Announcement.
Yesterday was issuing a one year suspension to two Catholic priests and played a guilty to charges of exposing themselves at Jacobson Park.
The reverence Kenneth B. Wabel and William G. Poole, in a relation to a pocket, have resigned their parishes at Paris Post at the Dices Request.
Church officials said yesterday.
Wabel, pastor of St. Joseph Paris in Winchester and Poole won't be kicked out of the priesthood, but they must be refrained from public ministry for a year, according to a statement released by Dices, folks, and Thomas F. Chanasey.
Oh, don't you love that name, Chanasey? Good Irish Catholic boy.
The punishment is subject to reviewing six months.
They've pulled John Paul the tooth to point the new bishop.
They had the Lexington Dices.
Oh, there they go. That's not too exciting.
Former rather for sue, former Ohio priest overless the abuse, three men and a 12 year old boy see.
Here's another one of these stories they keep telling us.
Oh, no, it just fags with teenagers. It just does chicken queens.
See, the chicken hawks aren't washing it now.
You know, rumsfeld and chaining that crowd.
Three men and a 12 year old boy sued two Roman Catholic dioceses.
Yesterday, St. Louis were abused by a priest who was dismissed in the youngstown later hired by the Saginaw Michigan diocese.
Isn't that where what's his name was from?
Who?
Question mark from a question mark of the mysterious Saginaw Michigan.
Remember that?
Yes, of course.
The civil lawsuit was the eighth of its kind filed in two days and Ohio by Jeff Anderson, a St. Paul minister, an attorney who's firm has said to handle more than 500 cases of abuse by clergy in 20 years.
While many sexual abuse allegations against Ohio priest are from the 60s to 80s, the Michigan boy and the latest lawsuit said he was abused as recently as last year.
Reverend John E. Hammer and both the youngstown and Saginaw diocese are named in the lawsuit according to my honing county common, please judge our Scott Kirschbaum.
Hammer 49, not his resignation from the pulpit of St. Mary Church in Alma April 27th.
After the allegations from youngstown emerge, he had been passed to a church as an Alma and nearby St. Louis, Michigan in these Saginaw diocese.
Steve Catalano and the other two men now in their 30s say they were abused in the youngstown diocese starting in 1979.
Catalano's hometown was not available.
Anderson said the 12-year-old boy was abused in 2001 while attending Saginaw in Alma.
12-year-old boy.
We rest our case.
19 till a noon at 560 WQM boy.
I'll tell you, it's a long show today, you know what?
I don't know.
I'm kind of liking it.
I'm not saying I'm not liking it.
It just seems to me like it's 19 till 1.
Don't you think it's 19 till 1?
It ought to be.
I think up there like in Nova Scotia or somewhere, it's like in fact there are some places where it's like an hour and a half difference.
Are you aware of that?
I think that is Nova Scotia.
I'll be dang.
I want to have a different stuff.
There were little strange up there, a weird concept.
This has my friend, Wally Hennessy, he'll tell you about those folks.
How's it going, eh?
Wally?
Wally?
Oh, and there it goes to that other horse bite.
There it was, we're riding right on by, like you're you and money maker, like you're standing still.
Well, that's okay, nice drive, baby.
Hey, with your busy lifestyle, you need all the energy you can to feel healthy, especially in the tremendous state.
And the tremendous humidity and all the crap that goes on in South Florida, the hurricanes and the rain and the, with the rain and the wind in your hair.
I'm playing that by pat boon a little later, aren't I?
No.
Oh, anyway, all you might can help you stay in good health because it contains all kind of good stuff for you.
Pharmaceutical grade olive oil, along with vitamins and minerals and herbals and little soft-hell capsule.
And there's a separate olio-med product for separate parts of your health.
They make one for your blood pressure, your heart, your cholesterol, your prostate, your circulatory system.
Digestive and endocrine system, your skin and bones, there's even an olio-med capsule designed to help your mind and believe me, it couldn't hurt.
All using the benefits of the finest, purest olive oil anywhere, and olio-med makes products for men and women as well.
It's an outstanding, new, exciting product that's helped thousands of men and women all over town stay fit.
And you can do the same thing by plugging up some today at Whole Food Markets, Walgreens, Sedanos, or Navarro Pharmacies.
For more information, just call olio-med at their toll free number, 1-866-olio-med.
That's 866-olio-med and you can get more information in order of this great new product on their website at olio-medamerica.com.
And my, my, and Lord, this is 4th radio by 60.
You weigh a few, weigh a few, weigh a few.
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
Yeah, face with the fat knee look like giant wheel
1147 at 560 WQ I mean we left something off our list today. Uh-oh what our poor Japanese listeners out there
Got nowhere to go Shinto was a shinto's right
You better add that on there Eric Shinto
You think you're a stupid Eric let us forget that. He's married to a nice Japanese lady
Isn't that similar because he's not paying attention. He's busy. He's got a full plate. All I was working on it
Because his mommy told him clean off that plate baby every last crumb. He licks the plate as well
I'm hearing that's that's the rumor up there. He licks it
But anyway, Eric got to put Shinto on here because in fact
I'm if his wife finds out that he left that off and he's in big trouble all weekend. I like their beans
Beans Shinto beans
374 votes Hindu well look at this we got the that's he I don't believe that five six all of a sudden
Well Hindu one Scientologist we got a pair two Mormons two Christian scientists three Johova's witnesses
For a Muslim sent a partridge in a pair three five six I guess that's possible six Buddhist 11 board again Christians
34 Wikens have you ever met a Wicken? Yes, I told you I wasn't lying. I know several you know several Wikens sure Carlos
No Wicken he said
Carlos is a Wicken he knows one Carlos is a Wicken. I'm gonna get that money taken back
He's gonna start making a wicked spells like Tabitha from passions around it don't get that green slime going Carlos
Who can't hurt? I'll give you some names, okay
Protestant 35 Jewish 43 11.4 percent Catholic 65 17.2 percent
Eighth the is 69 and agnostics 92 you put those two together like 45 percent of the audience
It's getting closer and closer to half the audience are non-believers in the fairy tales
Which is great like that it's moving up all the time. Oh, you're gonna love this story. Okay. This is one of my favorites
Proof of person of interest saw
This is in USA today
A U.S. Senator is asked attorney general John Ascroft to explain his repeated description of former army scientists
Stephen Hatfil as a person of interest in the pro bonnet last year's deadly anthrax attacks in
Litterwast Croft on Wednesday
Senator Chuck Grassley Republican of Iowa sought written proof of the existence of justice department policies that define the term
Person of interest and explain its use
Veteran FBI agents say they're unfamiliar with the term
Ascroft has used it in news conferences and in several TV appearances to explain the focus on Hatfil 48 a formal researcher with U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of infectious diseases at 40
Pick Maryland
Hatfil was one of about 40 scientists in the West had had access to both anthrax and expertise and out of handle it
Grassley a frequent FBI critics said he has no views about the FBI's focus on Hatfil it's important that the government act according to laws rules policies and procedures
Rather than make arbitrary decisions that affect individuals he asked
Individual citizens he said
Brian Sierra a distance department spokesman declined comment on his request
Pat Clausen spokesman for Hatfil said Grassley's questions are right on target and go to the core of the abuses of civil liberties here
Traditionally the FBI has used such terms as suspect subject and target to describe people under investigation
The terms are used at different stages of a probe and differently
A USA Today search of the U.S. Attorney's manual the handbook for federal prosecutors on the Justice Department's website when they yielded no hits on the term person of interest
Huh, how do you like that?
They couldn't find it
The manual contains several references to suspect subjects and targets a suspect is usually describing when it comes under suspicion by law enforcement
A subject is defined as a person who is conduct is within the scope of a grand jury probe
A target is a person who is doomed the prosecutor of the grand jury has substantial evidence looking him or her to the commission of a crime
Grassley asked as crook to provide examples of others who have been publicly named in the past three years as a person of interest in an investigation
The senator also requested about justice's information about their policy on seeking the removal of a person from a department funded program
Nice going there senator grassley good old Republican there. You know who which one that is? Yep. The old coup with the glasses
Nice going there
He's an old coup
He's a wrinkled up old coup is a good guy
Good old Chuck. I was caught calling by name Chuck
Death taxes and a miracle in Naples. I think that it's approaching new now. It's Friday
I think this is an appropriate time for this story
The substance many Neapolitan's believe is the dried blood of their paint friends St. liquefied right on Q Thursday in a twice year
The early miracle. I'm so tongue-tank that I can even read this in a twice yearly miracle
Thousands of faithful crammed in the Naples Cathedral now. This is Naples Florida
The only miracle over there coined about Vermouth is that the beesleys have an IQ enough to get out of bed in the morning
That's what he told me. This is Naples Italy
Thousands of faithful crammed in the Naples Cathedral to see the blood of the fourth century
San St. the Genaro turn from is that like related to Maria. Genaro you think? No
Who's on TV doing news in Buffalo here?
St. Genaro turn from powder to liquid, which they see is a good omen for the city in the world. Let's hear it all right
The miracles been recorded almost without fail for the past 600 years on September 19th
Saints Feast day and the first Saturday in May when the bloods remain dry tragedies have followed
Scientists have confirmed that the substance inside the clothes violets blood but can't explain why it regularly turns to liquid
Cardinal Michele Jordan until the congregation this year's miracle was especially good because the blood had liquefied in less than an hour
Really good omen?
It's an extraordinary event also because you can see clearly that the blood has changed color
That's what an O. U. R like that and there's more. Well, no, this is from CBS news. See if they say color
No, well, why does CBS news fall it that way because they're not a Canadian things that are British thing
This is some mucweed over there
Anyway, it's an extraordinary event because you can clearly see the blood has changed color and there's more of it
Jordan said holding up the glass vile
In 1998, Jordan was under investigation
Hi there you go
We come with a good stuff. Okay, speaking of blood money
In 1998, Jordan was under investigation for a loan-sharking extortion and criminal association
That year the blood appeared to liquid eye after thousands of the appalled and scared the stanchor of the stanchor of the central streets of the city
And then celebrated mass in the cathedral the miracle served the struck immediate impassioned debate among Italians
Of whether it was a sign of divine favor for the Cardinal in his loan-sharking case
Disaster is directly five times after the blood failed to liquefy in 1527 the plague killed 40,000 people and more recently in November of 1980
Some three thousand people died in a massive earthquake that struck southern Italy
How do you like that? So it's good for the public and it's good for his or criminal charges too the good Cardinal
article says gay should not be pre-speaking of the Vatican and Italy and adnecco the woods
A staff member of an influential Vatican office has published an article arguing that gay should not be ordained as priest in the wake of the
clerical sex abuse scandal
If a man is gay then he should not be admitted to holy orders and his presence in the seminary would not only give him false hope
But it may in fact hinder the therapy he needs my senior Edward Baker the congregation of bishops wrote
Reach bifone in Rome
Baker would not immediately say whether supervisors reviewed or approved the article before was printed in the
Jesuit of magazine magazine America do out Monday
However Church observers say bakers arguments were evidence of the holy sees views on homosexuality a critical time for the Roman Catholic Church
Maricone Maricone that's what he was saying under his breath Maricone
The congregation for bishops is one of the most important offices in the Vatican because it deals with bishops conferences
And it also recommends names to the Pope to appoint bishops around the world so the Reverend Thomas Reese
The relation to Bobby Reeser editor of the New York based magazine the relation to Harvey Reese
I think the article helps us understand the thinking of believes some people in the Vatican on the question of ordaining gay men
Baker frames the article by noting that the church and society are focused partly on the role of homosexuality and the clerical sex abuse scandal
He then asked whether a man with predominantly homosexual tendencies should be allowed to join the clergy
Most of the victims of molestation by priests have been adolescent boys. See don't we go with that lie again? Yes
Any of these stories we had today were there like adolescent boys and I don't I don't think any of them
They were all like nine and twelve and thirteen which I don't know
Maybe we're just getting some bad information experts on sex offenders say there is no credible evidence that homosexuals are more likely
Than heterosexuals to abuse children, but several church leaders are included that gauge clergy out of blame for the scandal
There's plague the American church this year in other words. They're a good scapegoat as usual
The Vatican is reviewing the news and discipline policy for abusive priests that the u.s. bishops approved three months ago
The church teaches that homosexualities a disorder not a sin but engaging in gay sex is sinful
They said they enjoy it, but it's sinful
I mean if nobody committed no sins and what would be the purpose of confession, right? Of course
Estimates of the number of homosexuals and seminars very dramatically from 10% to 50%
90 within several months 95 within several months of Vatican team will start evaluating all u.s
Seminaries and issue of gay studying for the priesthood is expected to be a top issue
Early on in the scandal Pope John Paul the two spokesman publicly questioned whether gay should be ordained
John Paul told visiting Brazilian bishops September 5th that men with obvious signs of deviations must be barred from becoming priest
Alluding to the crisis in the church
Baker is a priest of the diocese of alentom pennsylvania and one of about 20 staffers at the congregation of bishops
He argued that even celibate gays may not be good candidates for the priesthood
He worried that homosexuals would have difficulty remaining celibate in the all-male seminary environment and would struggle with their denied church teaching on homosexuality
He also said I guess they gave people also shouldn't be in college in all male dormitories right well, huh good thing good to their core dorms now
And it's certainly not in locker rooms. Yes
He also said gays may be more familiar with certain patterns and techniques of deception and repression as they learn to survive in a predominantly heterosexual world hurting their spiritual development
It may be that a man could be healed of such a disorder and then could be considered permission of the seminary and possibly the Holy Orders he wrote
But not while being afflicted with the disorder not while they are afflicted with that thing with that the faggy thing
They can heal you they can help you with that you know. Yeah, he'll this involved the laying on the back. He'll this father
Yeah
Physician heal myself remember that
I
Don't know too many physicians who could heal themselves when you come right down to it 1156 at 560 WQM our big noon to 1 hours coming up
It seems like I've been here only like 20 hours today. I don't know why that is I don't know
Seems like I've been here like for a coon's age today, but the winds are going by fast
Yeah, the weeks are flying by before you know, they'll be back there
New balance the South Florida covers all your athletic and footwear needs if you need new athletic shoes for cross training
Running cross dressing walking weightlifting any other of your activities down there new balance of South Florida has got you covered and your feet covered as well
In fact, they come up with a revolutionary concept when you go in there
They still measure it the old fashioned way the length of it the width of it and your foot too
With all the other brands of shoes if they don't fit you have to go to another model or type
But not with new balance new balances got athletic shoes that give you the best possible fit from infant all the way up to size 20
They can't even fit Tom Welling new balance of South Florida's got styles and shoes and what's the shoes that you can only find before in
catalogs or by mail order new balances your one stop shop and for any reason in the world
They need to special order your shoes because they're not in stock
They'll do it in no extra charge. You'll have them in no time at all
Make a run to new balances South Florida in the average room all pinecrest bokeh town center
And now coming in November to their newest location in Palm Beach garden
If your feet could thank you they would for schlepping them over to new balance
My and love this is for trail by city
I
I could not go down a very charity fee, baby Bruce.
Ah, baby!
China's little, little, little, tiny machine.
It's a suspension.
Now, so I bounced down the road in a big, bad, super-powering.
Now, if the author stopped, don't think he was a fail-gator
rather than beating the brakes.
I got 79, pom-pom-catalena.
She showed a combined now he's my baby Cadillac.
Da, baby!
Overnuck her, not a charity fee, baby Bruce.
Da, baby!
China's little, little, little, small, little, little,
little, little, little, infact,
I love RGB lights, light access.
I'm sorry, bro.
OK, the turbo-2018 will go up.
Duel!
I'm not a lazy don't work no way.
Sweating fresh with all seeds, thoughts to smell,
It gets the dusty look at over time.
I'm a backseat you find, the shiny grandest of my glide,
Thanks my coffee, giant and two,
Cos I've been washing it with all the rope.
Don't all be a rear-view.
Over the crudda, Jerry Jerry.
Be a rear-view.
Don't all be a rear-view.
Michael Schaffick-Prews going over Steve Holt's favorite school.
Don't all be a rear-view.
Fresh with all interior, be fancy to be.
Don't all be a rear-view.
Be a rear-view.
See I'm hooked on the segway between that shoe-phone number one hour.
And that's our baby.
It's such a perfect.
It's so smooth, you know what I mean?
It'd be really smooth.
1203 at 560 WDQ, I'm happy Friday afternoon.
So now, the first, at the beginning of the story,
is kind of interesting, the choice of words they use.
Let me just read you the first few words.
A fewer over and leisure marked by Germany's Justice Minister.
See what I'm saying?
I get it.
A fewer over and leisure marked by Germany's Justice Minister,
comparing George W. Bush to Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler,
is escalating on the lastful day of campaigning before Sunday's election.
Heritage, Dalbra Gamelins, comments to a group of labor union members on Wednesday,
allegedly saying the US President was going after Sodom
who's saying ordered to divert attention from domestic problems has sparked a media frenzy.
Although I think that part of it, you may have a pretty good point.
That's a popular method, even Hitler did that, German newspaper Schraubeshe's talk-blot,
quoted her as saying,
How do you pronounce that paper again?
You don't want to know.
The Rao is threatening the damage chancellor Gerhard Schroeder,
who's two days before a cliffhanger election,
has pulled Schroeder just as shit ahead of conservative challenger Edmund Stoyber.
Newspaper editorials and opposition parties are demanding the resignation of Dalbra Gamelins,
who is denied the remarks.
Just as ministry spokesman Thomas Weber,
grilled by a journalist with a dog in his last scene before the resignation of the defense minister Rudolf Sharping in July,
has repeatedly denied that the minister made the comparison.
Miss Dalbra Gamelins talked to the US ambassador on the phone is more into clarify
that the reports have no basis he told a news conference.
An editorial in BUILD, Germany's biggest selling newspaper states,
a cabinet member who makes such comparisons and doesn't apologize should be fired
if not by the chancellor than by voters.
This shows what Schroeder and his social democrats really think of our American allies,
Thomas Goppel, and he destroyed his conservative challenger Edmund Stoyber told the AP.
Schroeder said he doubts that he made the remark, but added there will be no place in his cabinet
for somebody who's made such a comparison.
US Senator Jesse Helms of North Carolina, the ranking Republican on the Center for Relations Committee said,
the German chancellor has damaged German relations with the US in a way that cannot be easily repaired.
He added Congress should consider withdrawing US forces from their bases in Germany,
if Schroeder wins a election in Germany fails to join a constructive dialogue on Iraq.
Oh yeah, and then interesting how we're running around warning everybody.
Nice threat.
Stoyber, primarily wealthy state of Bavaria, why do you like Bavarian cream pie?
Is due to hold a final evening rally in Berlin tonight before heading back to a state capital of Munich on Saturday?
Well, good luck to them.
Not see bastards.
I shouldn't have said that.
We have a lot of good German friends out there.
No.
US abundance effort on Jure Mortree, this is in the Boston Globe.
Let's more the same crap.
The Bush administration has abandoned international effort to strengthen the biological weapons convention against Jure Mortree,
advising its allies that the US wants to delay for the discussions until 2006.
I review conference on new verification measures for the treaty headman's kids, old for November.
Less than a year after the state's prominent envoy abruptly pulled out of a bio-warfare negotiations in Geneva,
promising that the US would return with new proposals, the administrations concluded that treaty revisions favored by the European Union
and squires of other countries will not work and should not be salvaged administration officials said yesterday.
The decision which has been conveyed by allies in recent weeks has been greeted with warnings that the move will weaken attempts to curb Jure Mortree's
warfare programs at a time when biological weapons are a focus of concern because of the war on terrorism and the administration's threats to launch a military campaign against Iraq.
It also comes as the administration which is angered allies by rejecting a series of multilateral agreements is appealing to the international community to work with it
and forging a new UN Security Council resolution on Iraq's programs to develop weapons of mass destruction.
The 1972 biological weapons convention which has been ratified by the US and 143 other countries fans of the development stockpiling a production of Jure Mortree for agents but has no enforcement mechanism.
Amy Smiths in a biological and chemical weapons special said the administration is making a mistake by halting collaborative work to strengthen the convention
not a day goes by when they don't mention the Iraq threat she said.
That's right.
Well, it's dangerous but we can wait.
Right. In fact, there was a Hermann Gehring Rumsfeld just the other day cooking up that thing in front of Congress.
That was it a disgrace.
That smallpox scenario.
Hey, listen, the bogeyman's got smallpox and of course it's an interchangeable bogeyman.
One day it's this one, the next day it's that one.
One day it's Osama Yamama the next day it's Saddam.
Whichever one is the bogeyman of the Dujur.
French government to seek return of Nazi war criminal to prison speaking of Nazis.
The French government said yesterday and of course there's been a big flat about this first they let them out.
And of course the French as we know never met a dictator.
They never met a terrorist.
They never met a Nazi that they didn't like the French always even haven't you always read about some scumbag who's hanging out on the French river.
Yeah, they love them.
The French government yesterday said it would seek to overturn the decision to free Maurice Pape Hong, although we do like his mustard.
The highest ranking French have been and never be convicted of a Nazi war crimes and W.W.W. too.
Which support from both presidents Jacques Chirac and Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Rafferin.
And just as Minister Dominique Prevent ordered the state prosecutor in Paris to seek to be versatile the decision by a three judge appeals court panel on Wednesday to release Mr. Pape Hong 92 from prison because of his age in poor health.
Public opinion is troubled Mr. Prevent told RTL radio adding that President Chirac failed to help the strong emotions of those directly involved in this affair.
In other words, he's feeling the heat baby.
Mr. Chirac's new center right government is especially concerned that the release will spark public protests in France over the freeing of a Nazi work criminal and fuel the perception abroad, especially in the West that France is anti-Semitic.
No, it's not a perception locates a reality.
One legal basis for an appeal is the court test of law past last March that allows prisoners to go free if two doctors agree they suffer from fatal illness or their health is jeopardized in prison.
Bernard Kouschner, former health minister of champion the new law said that it had been misused in the PEPA on case.
He said the law was intended to help Congress with life threatening illnesses like AIDS or cancer to get proper treatment unavailable in prison.
We've been trapped by our own generosity Dr. Kouschner told Europe one radio.
Mr. Pape Hong was serving a 10-year sentence for signing the deportation orders for more than 1500 Jews while it was an administrator in Bordeaux under the Pronatsi Vichy regime.
He was freed Wednesday in photos of walking on either that a prison prompted protests from some Jewish groups that he was not as ill as Dr. Sid.
And then we start playing like basketball and running around and doing like a laugh.
They said, well, just a second here.
Hold your horses.
Oh, after the break, I'm going to take the break like a little bit early.
Okay.
David E. Sanger writes in the New York Times today,
Bush to outline doctrine of striking foes first.
This is what's going to get everybody with wild diarrhea over the weekend because we're changing our whole concept of the way the world works now and our rule in it.
Now we're going to be the aggressor wherever whenever and wherever the hell we feel like it.
How do you like that?
We're going to go get a boy.
So anybody that says he was a cowboy, I think maybe they had a point, you know?
Yeah.
We want him dead or alive, baby.
The old gunslinger.
W.
10 minutes past noon,
don't forget the QN panel.
Be out of Car Max located.
Miami just off the E36 of 1300 Northwest, E3.
What is it?
And I can't read that number.
I got like a metal block on it.
Why is big number?
Oh, I see.
1300 North, 98th Court tomorrow 11 to 1.
Stopped out of wind or crappy prices and free food, excellent free food.
Crapy prices but good food.
Can't everything from Atlantic City.
Subs were the bread mix the difference in our good friend, I were two.
I don't even remember the other guys name anymore.
I do, but I don't want to say it.
Oh, I'll say it.
Dred Scott.
10 minutes after you're an noon at 560 WQ.
And we got the mad dog at one the Hank with a full four hour show today.
Oh my god.
This man.
I think this is the offers for four hour show in months, isn't it?
I don't know what I think about guys that don't pull a full time.
Do you like to watch the official atkins.retail center reminds you that all atkins brand products are 25% off every day of your life.
Delights carries the complete line of atkins dot products as well as over 500 delicious low carbon sugar free foods as reported recently in New York times on CNN in Newsweektime magazine.
US News and World Report your weekly reader date line NBC and CBS news.
The atkins that continues to be one of the most popular and successful diets.
Low carb dieting is finally getting some of the respected deserves and the lights of us focus been the leader in the low carb sugar free diet field for a coons age.
Over 100,000 of their customers will testify.
They're just ain't no better store.
There's no competition.
The lights will not be under sold and you can sample anything from their incredible selection to you can try it before you buy it before you pop it in your posts and pay for it.
You got to like that.
The lights friendly and knowledgeable staff will walk you through the store points in the right direction and cheer you on.
They'll stand around and applaud big time as the pounds just come flying off your fat disgusting body.
Don't forget there's only one to lights of West Bokey.
You'll find them on the northeast corner of blades in 441 and Bokeh open seven days week till 10 p.m.
Call their toll free number at 1-877 low carb.
That's 1-877 low carb.
Am I getting a little confused with this copy?
No.
Okay good.
Call 1-877 low carb or check their website and forget about what I'm saying at lowcarb.com.
I'm at the local.
This is five cities.
You ready to use all your stuff?
You win.
Why the you bastard?
Five sixty WQ A.M. presents the O.P. and Anthony Shaw with Mohawar David.
This is O.P.
And I'm Anthony.
You're waiting for me with a low voice.
Oh.
Yeah you got the affected point.
Okay.
Hi Anthony.
Yeah hi O.P.
And let's not forget our old pal Mohawar David.
Yeah I was wondering how long we'd take for you to punch the girl around for me.
I really hit the big time huh?
Here I am with the O.P. on Anthony.
Hey Mohawar.
What?
Take off your pants.
Yeah we're gonna rape you now.
You gotta be kidding me.
This is a family show.
Ah.
Wrong.
This is the Gopi on Anthony show.
Now come on.
I thought you guys only did that in church.
Yeah.
Hey get your hands out of me.
Get out of there.
Get out of there.
Get out of there.
That's my dinner.
Don't touch my delicate subtender.
Why do you somebody want to rape me?
Why cause we think it's funny that's why.
Yeah.
You got a nice back.
I got noose for you pal.
I'm still spry.
Why are you all up for the life of a...
Oh.
I got a sense tight O.P.
Want the red ball?
I'm not for this.
All right my opening wife for chunky.
Let's sing that together now shall we?
Okay.
Open my poor chunky.
All right that's my connection.
Okay.
Yeah that's...
Yeah use your lips.
Don't you sit up.
I said no.
Okay.
Ready for some spit evil love.
We have to get it.
You're not the cost of me now.
I really tell my dad that it's a beachy guy now.
No, right?
Poor the girl.
We have to get it.
Well done.
Take that away.
Oh.
Why?
You're just going to leave me here.
We'll be right back on 560.
I feel so used.
Prop 16 to 560 WQM.
So they're showing again that beating the woman, beating the mother, beating the little daughter,
four year old girl.
Over and over and over again.
And now the deal is they got some prosecutor, county prosecutor on her.
Did you see that?
Oh yeah.
And she's babbling about well.
So I guess obviously they know who it is because she said the family viewed the videotape.
They showed her to them and the reaction wasn't what they would expect.
Maybe this is the way they do discipline their house, you know?
When in doubt?
Punch them out.
That's what the president says we're going to be doing.
Today the Bush administration will publish its first comprehensive rationale for shifting American military strategy toward preemptive action against hostile states and terrorist groups developing weapons of mass destruction.
The strategy document will also state for the first time that the United States will never allow its military supremacy to be challenged the way it was during the Cold War.
In the 33 page document, Mr. Bush also seeks to answer the critics of growing American muscle flexing by insisting that the US will exploit its military economic power
to encourage security strategy of the US is one that every president is required to submit to Congress.
It's the first comprehensive explanation of the administration's foreign policy from defense strategy to global warming, a copy of the final draft was obtained by the New York Times.
It sketches out a far more muscular and sometimes aggressive approach to national security than any since the Reagan era.
It includes the discounting of most non-proliferation treaties and favorably doctrine of counterproliferation, a reference to everything from missile defense to forcibly dismantling weapons or their components.
It declares that the strategies of containing indeterrence staples of American policy since the forties are all but dead.
There is no way in this change worldly document states to deter those who wait the United States and everything for which it stands, one nation under Omser.
America is now threatened less by conquering states than we are by failing ones of document states, sounding of what amounts to a deathmell from any of the key strategies of the Cold War.
One of the most striking elements of the new strategy document is its insistence that the president has no intention of allowing any foreign power to catch up with a huge lead the US has opened since the fall of the Soviet Union more than a decade ago.
The tone of this is just dumb stunned.
I told you I told you our and this is in the art times and this isn't something somebody made up.
This is a document being given by the administration to Congress earlier.
We're never going to have our military might challenged.
That is correct.
We're going to keep one of us.
We're never going to have to.
Like a football thing, man.
We're in the recruiting game and we're not going to let you catch up to us.
Our forces will be strong enough Mr. Bush's document states to dissuade political adversaries from pursuing a military build up in hopes of surpassing or equaling the power of the United States.
So in other words, if you think they hate us around the world now, just wait.
Oh, man.
With Russia so financially, with Russia so financially, hobble that can no longer come close to matching American military spending.
The documents he made rising powers like China, which is expanding its conventional and nuclear forces.
Administration officials will work on the strategy for months.
They had amounts to both a maturation and explanation of Mr. Bush's vision for the exercise of American power after 20 months in office integrating the military economic and moral levers he holds.
Much of the document focuses on how public diplomacy, the use of foreign aid and changes in the international monetary fund of the World Bank can be used to win what he it describes as a battle of competing values and ideas, including a battle for the future of the Muslim world.
The President put the final touches on new strategy last weekend at Camp David after working on it for months with his national security adviser, Conda Leeza Rice, and with other members of the national security team.
In its military hawkishness, its expressions of concern that Russian reforms could be undermined by the countries they lead and its focus on bolstering foreign aid, especially for literacy training and aids, in particularly bears the stamp of Ms. Rice's thinking.
A senior White House official said Mr. Bush has edited the document heavily because he thought there were sections where we sounded overbearing or arrogant.
Thank goodness for that.
But at the same time the official said is important to foreclose the option that other nations could aspire to challenge the US militarily because once you cut off the challenge of military competition, you open up the possibility of cooperation and number of other areas.
Still the administration's critics at home in a problem will almost certainly find ammunition in the document for their argument that Mr. Bush is only interested in a multilateral approach as long as it doesn't frustrate his will.
At several points, the document states clearly that when an important American interest or its stake, there will be no compromise.
The document argues that while the US will seek allies in the battle against terrorism, we will not hesitate to act alone if necessary to exercise our right of self-defense by acting preemptively that includes convincing or compelling states to accept their sovereign responsibilities not to aid terrorists.
The essence of the document Mr. Bush appeared on the 9-11-2001.
The White House delayed releasing the document this week so that it's likely a discussion of conditions under which the US might take unilateral preemptive action would not dominate delicate negotiations in the United Nations or the testimony of administration officials who appeared a congressional hearings to discuss a rack.
The new strategy departs significantly from the last one published by President Clinton at the 8 of 1999.
Mr. Clinton's strategy, the Delta-Lankwood tactics, can prevent the kind of financial meltdowns that threaten economies in Asia and Russia.
The Bush strategy urges nominations to adopt Mr. Bush's own economic philosophy, starting with low marginal tax rates.
Boy, cheer doing a good job here, baby.
While Mr. Clinton's strategy relied heavily on enforcing or amending a series of international treaties from the 1972 anti-ballistic missile treaty to the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Band treaty to Kyoto Protocols on the Environment, Mr. Bush's strategy dismisses most of those efforts.
In fact, the new document which Mr. Bush told the staff had to be written in plain English because the boys in Lubbock ought to be able to read it.
Celebrates his decision last year to abandon the ABM treaty because it impeded American efforts to build a missile defense system.
It resites the dangers of non-proliferation agreements that have failed to prevent Iran, North Korea, Iraq, and other countries from obtaining weapons of mass destruction and says that the US will never subject its citizens to newly created international criminal court whose jurisdiction does not extend to Americans.
The document makes no reference to the Kyoto Accord but sets an overall objective of cutting American greenhouse gas emissions per unit of economic activity by 18% over the next 10 years.
The administration says that's a reasonable goal given its view of the current state of environmental science.
Its critics however point out that the objective is voluntary and allows the enormous room for American emissions to increase as the American economy expands.
The document also describes a great lengthy administration's commitment to bolstering American for need by 50% in the next few years and countries whose governments ruled justly invest in their people and encourage economic freedom.
It insists that the programs must have measurable results to assure that the money is actually going to the poor especially for schools, health care, and clean water.
Let's hear it baby.
Giant American man.
Yeah.
I told you that was going to like take your insides and twist them into a knot.
Yeah.
It leaves you almost speechless.
We're then we've turned into the Nazis.
Exactly.
We're going to dominate the world.
The Nazis are the Brits.
I'm not really sure we're going to build the American empire.
We're going to dominate everybody.
The British Empire.
Anybody that tries to catch up with us?
What about being baby?
What about being.
And of course this, you can just imagine speaking of Lubbock Texas.
The kind of appeal this has and the kind of people to whom it appeals.
Oh yeah.
You get all NRA gunsling and type.
How is that the pool coming?
This is our second our semi annual religion pool.
We did one back in March.
It'll be interesting.
I don't want to see it but on Monday if Eric still got the month from March we can like compare.
And see if we got any changes in what people believe in number two if we have anybody left listening.
Oh no.
Neal, you're out of touch with what's going on in South Florida.
That ain't going to work.
That's what my little friend Tom Zika said.
No shinto's yet.
So we went through all that trouble.
Eric put it on there right away.
We don't have one Jeff.
She ate.
Hindu we got one.
Scientologists we got a pair.
Mormon and pair Christian scientists.
You'll hope his witness is three.
Muslim six, Buddha six, nine, six.
I guess that's possible.
Huh?
Sure.
Why not?
I'm going to get Christians 13.
Wicked in 36.
See that's the one I find.
I don't know.
Although Carlos no several.
Protestant 38 Jewish 49 11.3%.
Catholic 79, atheist 86 and agnostics 100.
So between the agnostics and atheists we got 43%.
That's not bad.
Not bad at all.
We'll take it.
Paul Krugman writes in today's New York Times.
The vision thing.
This is the way to recover ends not with a bang but with a whimper.
Okay.
I could be wrong.
Industrial productions falling off and layoffs are rising.
But it's still not a sure thing that the months ahead will be bad enough for the business cycle
referees to declare a renewed recession.
And on the other hand the administration seems determined to have a bang sometime before
November 5th.
But right now it looks as if the economy is stalling.
Also as if the people in charge have no idea what to do insured it's feeling a lot like
the early 1990s.
It doesn't really matter what you call what's going on right now a slow recovery or recession.
Most people don't care whether the GDP growth is slightly above or below zero.
What matters to them is whether they can find jobs and keep them.
And the job situation is increasingly dismal.
A 5.7% unemployment rate doesn't sound that bad but an usually large number workers have given up searching for jobs.
The overall unemployment rate also doesn't reflect the rapidly growing number of people who are truly desperate
because they've been out of work for six months or more.
And the employment situation is likely taken a significant turn for the worst.
The number of people filing new claims for unemployment insurance, a leading indicator of future unemployment has increased sharply over the past month.
At best then this is a recovery that as far as workers are concerned might as well be a continuing recession.
The center on budget and policy priorities points out that in terms of job losses and long term unemployment the current slowdown is already a match for the nasty recession of the early 1990s.
So this really is like the early 90s all over again the economic similarity between our current difficulties and the slump under the first year of Bush is stronger than most people realize.
In 1990 is in 2001 the economy went into recession in part because of past excesses even though those quaint old scandals involving junk bonds and real estate speculations seem very tame in the age of N. Ron and Tyco.
In the early 90s as today recession was followed by a jobless recovery in which GDP grew but employment did not.
And then as now there was concern that interest rate cut by the Fed might not be enough to turn the economy around.
Though back then we didn't yet have the example of Japan to show that the liquidity trap in which even a zero interest rate isn't enough to produce an economic recovery was a real possibility in the modern world.
But the most striking similarity between now and a decade ago it seems to me as political.
For all the differences between the moderate father and the deeply conservative son now is then we have an administration whose key figures are fundamentally uninterested in and uncomfortable with economic policy.
That statement may strike you as strange wasn't the tax cut George W. Central achievement before Osama came along but the tax cut was never intended as an economic policy.
It was a political gesture designed to ward off a challenge from Steve Forbes and satisfy the conservative base.
Only later did the administration make the providential discovery that it was also just a thing to fight recession promote family values and cure the common cold.
And it can't seem to come up with anything else now that the tax cut wasn't designed to fight a recession has sure enough failed to fight a recession.
When Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill was asked for new ideas that came out of the chemical wake goes summit as answer was are you ready making the tax cut permanent.
Should we be worried about the administration's lack of the vision thing when it comes to economics? Yes we should.
The excess of the 90s dwarf those of the 80s and economic risks are correspondingly larger. Suppose that as seems increasingly plausible the deteriorating job situation finally undermines the dog and optimism of America's consumers.
In that case we'll need some decisive action action determined by what the economy needs not by what Carl Roe thinks will play in the polls.
How much chances there that we'll get it as Paul Krugman in today's New York Times.
12.8 is 560 WQ and we want to have a great feast this weekend don't forget on the weekends now they've got that fantastic unbelievable stuff surf and turf and less in king crab and New York strip steak made or at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet and lots of other good stuff too.
In fact make a pit stop when you go the Emerald Coast at that amazing thing what is it called it's the Asian Grill with teriyaki steak stripper.
What it's the Asian Grill that's what they call it you can call whatever you want but they got teriyaki steak shrimp chicken seafood hand-carapy.
I'm going to order they got a full salad bar they got sushi fresh room cocktail and if there's any room left at the end after you try all the great soups and entrees and salads and other goodies they've got a dessert bar that'll knock your socks off pies cakes pastry ice cream with all your favorite toppings even fresh fruit.
Three locations of the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet is the best in the universe there's sunrise pilot at a 44th street Collins Avenue just north of 163rd North Miami Beach and Flamingo of Pembroke Roads and prestigious Pembroke Pines Emerald Coast accept reservations take out and delivery available as well so this weekend or any time head for the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet you can call them at 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 22 and don't forget surf and turf on the weekends now as we speak including this weekend at the Emerald Coast.
We're sports radio 516. You am.
I am not a Nazi. If you're a scared to head or watch the premises you know that the forces pulling the strings in the government are closing down on all those great websites we've become a custom too well we still have the US Postal Service to rely on so now at the time to join the Nazi of the most club for just eight 99 a month you get the complete history of one prominent Nazi.
The past the present the particular groups he hates and any subversive activity they may be planning so no matter what the racial religion or ethnic group you hate not see the month is right up your alley just call 1 800.
You can get your very own synthetic enough must act to impress your friends absolutely free that's 1 800.
I'm could be wrong about that. I don't want to mention no names.
Anyways 1234 time is starting to flip along. I don't know I was like kind of like in a funk here earlier and of course I read that story about 1220 there about our new our whole new approach to the world how we're like going to dominate the entire globe.
I'm flabbergasted and I kind of shook me out of my lethargy you know what I'm saying I mean I had read it before like all the stuff I use on the air but but just articulating it get the spinning the words out of my mouth.
And listen to you like ping in your pants over there just I don't know I did more than pee in my pants.
Well it wouldn't be a first for today I'm sure not the last one speaking of that if you're taking the title and all especially extra strength that even like regular.
It seems to me that several years ago several they were telling us about extra strength talent off you take too much it's going to like damage your liver maybe kill you several years.
But to show you the power that these back to its hand these drug companies while it's only taken until now that finally they're getting around to what's on the public most current the seat of benefit labels bear of vague warning not to see the recommended dose for extra strength pills that means no more than eight every 24 hours and approve it I got a bottle right here of extra strength talent which I don't take anymore.
And the dosage on the bottle it says one to two capsules every four hours as required it is hazardous to exceed eight tablets per day so in other words if you took two every four hours that would be eight.
So in other words if nine would be bad how good can eight be you know what I'm saying not not as bad one leading manufacturer of McNeil consumer especially pharmaceuticals has just changed the labels of talent all it's other a seat of benefit products to say overdose warning taking more than the recommended dose overdose.
It's can cause serious health problems what does it say on this bottle here it says and let me read the English the French I'm not too familiar with and you do realize that that everything here has to be an English and of course or else yeah that's right.
It is it is has it is to exceed eight per so they just yeah it's like a verb you just think it's playing a little game with it they just made a little stronger.
Taking an overdose may cause all they announced yesterday will make it even stronger taking an overdose may cause liver damage in other words they're starting to tell the truth is what it is look just slowly but surely in little teeny tiny writing only because I got good eyesight can even read that print government advisers yesterday recommended even more changes for every a seat of benefit containing product warning that taking more than the recommended dose may cause liver damage warning not to use other products that can contain the seat of benefit because the dose adds up.
And all of the almost 200 a seat of benefit containing products should say contains a seat of benefit in large bull type on the front of the bottle so people not taking one product which others to avoid.
I'll tell you one thing man there's killing more goddamn people but what differences to make when we take over the world who the hell gives a crap on we're going to have world war three and we're going to be the bad guys perfect sense.
Well it made sense we know now it wasn't perfect sense we know that it was the guy that wrote the piece in news about how we Christopher Dickey from Newsweek magazine we were in his dickies about how we put Hussein in their ne'er first place and built him up and give him and they showed a little clip before Rumsfeld you know here her her her mind hearing Rumsfeld over their shaking hands with Sodom with a big smile on his push.
All right I'm told we do have a picture that meeting I just told you about let's take a look at a brief face we continue here we go.
Here we go.
One of my friends.
There it is again.
There's probably in the bottom.
So what the time is the swing is going to be.
Hey how you doing?
Back in the United States with his Saddam Hussein was vigorous and confident.
Was he sort of swept away by the charms of Saddam Hussein just saying that seems odd.
I don't know if he was in any illusions or not.
Saddam Hussein I think he knew perfectly well that Saddam was a murderous stug I think he knew that Saddam had used poison gas in the war with Iran.
I think he knew that Saddam had supported terrorists like Abundidogh as well as his ruling over fighting against any Arabs or Palestinians who wanted to make peace with Israel.
So I don't think there were any illusions there was just a decision that Saddam might be an SOB but he could be the Americans SOB.
There you go.
What good timing excellent.
See all the dictators all these scumbags as long as there are SOBs and dictators and scumbags then they're good guys they're fine.
And as soon as it becomes convenient then all of a sudden we start be moaning and decrying.
They're dangerous and look what they did and they gas their own people.
Yeah we got a gas for you okay.
Rummy Iraqi forces move the civilian areas speaking of that.
Iraq has moved small numbers of military forces into civilian areas and what some Pentagon officials interpret as a precaution against a possible surprise US Air Force.
The official said yes today.
The officials to discuss the matter on condition of anonymity of course said it appeared Iraq believes these forces would be spirit in short notice US attack because of the high risk of civilian casualties.
The dispersal of forces was not however on the large scale that Pentagon would expect to see if Iraq were anticipating an imminent American-uncollution attack.
The movement of forces was alluded to by Defense Secretary Hermann Gehring-Rumsfeld on Wednesday although he casted in a different light.
He said an indicated Iraq hope to attract US attacks on civilian buildings such as hospitals and schools in order to fan the flames of anti-Americanism.
They're just masters at manipulating the press and putting out this information.
Rumsfeld told PBS's NewsR would Jim Lerr they're already moving military units and elements to the next to the mosque and next to hospitals and next to school so they can claim that the coalition has done all these terrible things.
It's an old pattern.
How about that baby milk factory too huh?
Get those signs out in English.
Crayola written US officials claim during the 91 Gulf were that Iraqi forces deliberately damaged mosque and other cultural structures and then blamed it on American forces.
This is the sense of where it'll head.
Well there's a big fear that they'll just be chaos after Saddam goes that the country will break apart into two or three different pieces that the only way to avoid that maybe for the United States to effectively occupy Iraq which is a huge investment of time.
Oh you don't mean take it over those oil fields do you?
Is part of our new attempt for world domination?
Seriously that was one of the most fascistic things I've ever read in my life.
Twenty before one but hey don't confuse the public with the facts and of course those people who need to hear that the most divisive listen to rush right now anyway.
So what a hell with that.
Hey if you love your home but you need more space here's the answer what you need to be doing do what hundreds of other people are doing.
Call strictly additions whether you're having a baby in another room maybe you're converting a carport or patty when living space or maybe you're going into business for yourself and you want to make a home office for you.
Well just call strictly additions and let them do all the planning and all the work there you're one stop shop more space for your place place with an absolutely positively
worry for your approach to expanding your living space.
Those no shows by the other contractors who've let you down in the past and going to happen in complete work no way Jose no unexpected bills no worries about the job not getting done right and they take care of every single
stinking last detail they drop your blueprints they get the building permits handle all the inspections to strictly additions got that easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction to make a new happy camper.
Number one they call the schedule a free project evaluation appointment at your home where project estimating will determine the scope of your addition number two they schedule a bit of
deployment their convenience or room where you'll get a detailed proposal and an exact price for the work number three select your finishing touches go to contract number four
reviewed the design architectural drawings and then last and certainly not least sit back with a smile on your push and relaxes your dream addition moves ahead on schedule with
the other conditions are called nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred check out their annual pages nine five four seventy nine what is it seven
nine one eighty one hundred like I said their license they're insured professionals who care about the work they do and they serve all a
proud and sound south Palm Beach counties called nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred and tell the old Neil pulled you to call strictly
additions
man
kids bought records where kids sing along with popular songs now introduces kids box class
twenty original modern day classic songs the whole family can enjoy
your kids can dance to these songs all day their songs
the kids
the kids box class
not available at any store
order today twenty five five sixty w t q a m all of a sudden it's like we went into high gear once I read that article you know
like on the sand the sand is running out of that our class
my any jurors sentence for leaks I should have wanted one out of time before we get a chance for this because it's been sitting here in my pile for
a while a former federal grand jury was sentenced to two and a half years in prison Wednesday for leaking information on an ecstasy drug reinvestigation before agents
searched OJ Simpson's home see a week isn't complete with at least some kind of an OJ story now all right
John Acosta who pleaded guilty in April to obstruct injustice will also have to serve three years supervised release and
perform three hours of community service personal loyalties must never be placed above civic responsibility or commitment to the common good especially for
grand juror U.S. District Judge Patricia A. Sites and sentencing Acosta a grand juror's oath of secrecy is one of the cornerstones of our system and any violation of an undermines the public trust and confidence in our judicial system
said U.S. Attorney Marcos Daniel Himminess in relation to Jose Acosta tipped a friend of the that the friends girl friend
Sonata Galvez has been charged last November twenty seven under a sealed indictment and that target locations in the
state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of
the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state
private. private. private. private. private. private. private that the city of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of
I don't hook them up with the peed of people, you know what?
Just rub it.
Four poise, some of the 20 activists who came out to protest
and side by side with their rears in the air
to spell out their slogan, stop pull bags.
Ha ha ha!
Tiger!
In New York, they have the handsome cabs.
They have these things that catch the manure
that's part of the harness arrangement.
Why can't they use that?
A crapper catcher.
Right.
The drivers of the traditional carriages
who's ride through the city's historic downtown streets
are popular with tourists, said they too
or opposed to the diapers.
Members of the pro government greens party
have also spoken out against the plan,
noting that the bag-like diapers
would prevent the horses from being able to flick away
flies with their tails.
The animal rights activist, urged city officials
to try and set or reduce the number of horse-drawn carriages
and deploy more cleanup teams armed with brooms
and scoops to clean up the droppings.
Like they do in Amsterdam, man.
Although we don't have a lot of horses in Amsterdam,
we've got some cops on, horses.
They also claim that the diapers would do nothing
to fight the main source of horse cost stench urine.
Oh, God.
Squirt, Squirt.
So how about like a diaper for their...
Have to be pretty big diapers though, I guess.
Extra absorbent.
Because those horses have got awfully big,
gorge-gorge members.
Offly big.
Okay, here's how the pull is going so far,
our semi-annual religion, pull-with-religion are you?
Now, Eric, even though I asked him,
and then that's okay.
I don't know if he'll be all bad about it.
He's just trying to be efficient
after you bitch the mouth this morning.
But he factually, the result from the last time we did this
was on March the 10th, which is about six months ago.
Yeah.
And I wasn't going to look at it till Monday,
because otherwise it kind of like taints your view of the,
but I did.
And it's pretty interesting as a matter of fact,
but I'm not going to talk about it till Monday.
Okay.
Which religion are you?
Agnostic 108, atheist 94.
So you put those two together like 44%.
Catholic 84, Jewish 50, Protestant 40, Wicken.
See, we didn't have Wicken on last time.
We also didn't have Shinto.
The Wicken, I don't believe for a second, 36.
We have 36 Wikens in this audience.
Maybe six.
Born again, Christians 15, six 10,
Buddha 6, Muslim 6, Shinto 5 now.
Joan of his witness is three.
Mormon 2, we got a pair now.
Woo!
Scientologists, two Christians,
scientists, two and Hindu, we have them one.
One Hindu.
Finally.
Well, I mean, so we got at least one on everything.
And of course it'll be up there all weekend long.
And also don't forget we got some links
to some other good stuff on there on our website,
which makes it almost worth going to now.
You're rages.com.
Tell me for one and a mad dog on Q.A.M.
Line and local.
We're sports radio 560s.
What the hell?
You A.M.
Nicole.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
You can't be cool.
You can't be cool.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
You can't be cool.
You can't be cool.
Oh.
Oh.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
That night when she turned off all the lights.
There's a place where she could hide on the whole.
Oh, it was gonna get hurt.
Oh, Jay went out to kill her.
Oh, Jay went out to kill her.
Oh, Jay went out to kill her.
Oh, Jay went out to kill her.
That night.
One day the jury's gonna bet free.
Oh, Jay.
We know we're gonna head you with me.
Oh, Jay is gonna come after you.
And then he'll get away with that one too.
Oh, Jay is gonna get you.
Oh, Jay is gonna get you.
Oh, Jay is gonna get you.
He's gonna get you.
Oh, Jay is gonna get you.
One night.
Oh, Jay, oh, Jay.
You can't be cool.
You can't be cool.
Oh, Jay, oh, Jay.
You can't be cool.
I can't be cool.
I can't be cool.
I can't be cool.
Oh, Jay is gonna get you.
Oh, Jay is gonna get you.
Oh, Jay is gonna get you.
And then he's gonna get you.
I'm so glad I was in my pile and I almost forgot about this because a lot of people are very concerned about this about their cell phones and cancer and all of these things.
Aren't you concerned about that?
Yes, very.
Stockcomb Sweden.
A review of cell phone studies commissioned by the Swedish radiation protection authority, which I didn't know there was a Swedish radiation protection authority.
But we do now has found no consistent evidence of an increased risk of cancer from usage of cell phones agency said.
All right.
Studies have different on whether the use of mobile phones increases the risk of cancer as the handsets have become increasingly popular and efficient.
The governmental agency asked Dr. John couple of doctors to evaluate published epitomial.
Well, we don't have time to evaluate published research on the subject.
The review looked at nine studies since 1996, that include factors such as type of phone, duration and frequency of use and brain tumor location and found that more research was needed.
No consistent evidence was observed for increased risk of brain cancer or other forms of cancer.
These scientists said that the review released Wednesday.
The agency acknowledged public concern about the issue and said many studies were still being performed and continued follow up with need on any possible possible carcinogenic effect.
A link to mobile phone usage.
You can never say that something is without risk, but at least we can say that there is no scientific evidence for a casual association between the use of cell phones and cancer said Lars Eric Paulson.
No relation of course to Pat Paulson, a radiation expert within the agency.
So you believe it?
Yeah, sure.
No, it sounded kind of like I don't know.
In other words, they don't have any positive proof, but they're still looking and don't go, don't be too cock sure or so to speak.
So it's told that something will kill you before the brain tumor does.
Right.
That's right.
Like maybe the president, for example.
Oh.
Hey, listen, I don't want to start.
We got the weekend coming up.
I want to be in a good mood.
In fact, I got that way back in my trash bag.
I got that I tore it up into a million pieces.
I don't want to see that story again.
I don't want to hear those words again.
What were to those America, Uber, Alice or whatever the hell that thing was.
Because that would be very skeptical and unpaid periodic and we sure don't want to do that on the show.
Do we really want to be all I can say is right?
Okay, like I said, the mad dog is coming up next.
I got news for I think on Monday and playing that one bit on the whole show all four hours.
Just just for the.
Hello, and then like I said, Hank three to seven.
We got some Marlon crap tonight because we just can't get that season over.
Eddie K after the Marlon game and overnight.
Good luck to you.
Bye bye.
You're listening to the best of WQAM online.
We'll have you back to regular programming in just a few moments.
But until then, here's Howard.
