Hey, how are you?
Hey, how are you?
Welcome to Grand Kingspin.
Yeah, I'm Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Oh, he's the Grand Chest.
He's the champion, baby.
You and me, baby, let's do it like the Kennedys.
I'll drown you in my goo like very jokes up back to me.
You and me, baby, can't do it like the gondolas and have a Latino gangbang if you wanna.
All right.
Bustin' house, baby, out, baby, hot as a Texas drought.
She'd be skinny if she'd stop hoppin' the chocolates in her mouth.
Lies of fans around the world, tune in and go in nuts.
Go with Cisco and then be burnt wooden, give her two thumbs up.
Check out Howard, friend and lawyer and a purple hair and Kim.
Bobby, trendy, her sub Daniel, sugar pie.
You know him.
Critics say it's cable's worst.
Yeah, they snubble one rank.
That don't bother and a nut she's laughing all the way to the bank.
Yes indeed, baby, she's got ratings that dad don't suggest.
Save your Sunday night for Hannah on the E-channel.
She got bigger months than an Arabian camel suggest.
Save your Sunday night for Hannah on the E-channel.
I think we're starting to make some progress, you know.
Yesterday and a couple of days in a row, it was like,
well no, yesterday I guess it was Gellie's pre-game football show.
But a couple of days there was the train monkeys at 9 o'clock.
And now it's the audio version of C-SPAN.
We're starting to get some real publicity here from Owen.
You want to know why?
Because he's got competition.
He does?
Yeah, you forgot.
And so did I.
Starting with the Norma Cancho October 1,
who actually promotes this show and uses my name.
Oh, God.
On here, now we see him in our respect,
motor like Segway and event.
Especially after today's pool that we're going to be taking,
but nevertheless,
speaking of pools yesterday, we asked if the election for governor
was being held today right now.
Who'd you vote for?
900 and what is it?
981 votes, almost a thousand votes.
And quite frankly, other than a little bit of flurry for Bush,
there yesterday that was a little bit suspect.
It looks like most of them are for real.
Bill McBride, 527.
Jeb Bush, 227.
Mohawar David, 145.
Who did that?
I wouldn't vote at all, 82.
981 votes.
So, Bill McBride just blows away Jeb Bush in this crowd anyway.
It shouldn't be any surprise.
So, on excellent flip yesterday, 10 years old.
I thought it was like from this year.
What was the other movie I told you that I saw with Adam Baldwin?
When I was in Amsterdam?
I forgot.
And so did I.
It was pretty good.
And Dead Bull, with just the embatement in Adam Baldwin,
who I've never seen before, come to find out.
I look it up and it's 10 years old.
And come to find that he was like 30 in that movie.
Now he's 40 years old.
He's a daughtering old man.
Not as old as some people we know, but he's a daughtering old man.
Adam Baldwin, my kind of guy in that movie anyway.
Psychotic, my case.
Speaking of age, I noticed that it was Mrs. Mohawar's birthday and their anniversary today.
And when Gildey asked him this morning which anniversary it was,
boom, boom, boom, boom.
Yeah, let's hear it.
There you go.
Let's hear it from Mo and Mrs. Mohawar.
But he won't tell us how many because of the fact he wants to protect her age.
You see, that's just another cover up for his vanity.
You know, people wear bad hair pieces and people don't want to tell the truth about their age.
I can't stand that.
I mean, he could be 65.
She could be 40, you know what I'm saying?
Right?
Well, she's not because he's, he let it out of the bag but she's 50ish,
which means like from, you know, 48 to 150ish.
She could be anything.
But this business about vanity, I don't understand that.
Of course, don't you think that people that wear hair pieces other than Chuck Alfie Eries?
Well, seriously, old cockers that wear hair pieces to me,
that's the epitome of vanity, you know what?
I mean, young guys that, you know, they got a reason to want to get some hair back.
You're not ready to go yet if it's premature.
They're not ready to let go.
Anyway, here's today's poll.
Well, before we get to today's poll about hair pieces, this is probably the most important thing that we can talk about today.
The first family of TV.
And this won't get nearly the play that Elvis and the, you know, all these other anniversaries, these dates that we keep marking.
Ozzy and Harriet went on the year 50 years ago today.
You ready for that?
Yeah.
And I can't find that I'm Ozzy and Harriet theme.
I'm sure I got it here somewhere.
I can't find it.
Forming the template for sitcoms from Father Knows Best all the way to the Simpsons.
On a Friday night, 50 years ago today, amid some anxiety from ABC executives about the show's appeal,
the adventures of Ozzy and Harriet was televised for the first time.
They needn't have worried it stayed on the year for 14 years,
setting a record for the longest running family sitcom, a record that'll be tied when the Simpsons returns to Fox for its 14th season next month.
Even if the Simpsons beats the longevity record, which obviously it will,
it currently 144 episode, Chai of Ozzy and Harriet's 435.
Anyway, Ozzy and Harriet had been a weekly series on radio for eight years before Jump to TV.
And the radio show continued till 54.
How do you like that?
And now it says we make it the adventures of the adventures, so to speak.
CBS Reportedly is planning a TV movie biography of the Nelson's to be produced by Tracy Nelson and her brother Gunner.
Gunner, who was on this show on IOD back a few years ago, remember the Nelson's?
Yes you do.
Sure.
With that long blonde hair.
And that long horse hair.
They look like Afghan hounds, didn't they?
Yes.
It says no doubt it'll be interesting, but oddly enough, as low-key as the original may have been,
this venture is likely to pale in comparison.
They can't go back and they also said that Ozzy here invented the TV video.
Traveling man, Rick Nelson was the first TV video.
Oh, you mean the video?
Yeah, yes.
I heard that too.
How do you like that?
Good old Ozzy.
He seemed like kind of like a low-key, but he was a pretty good businessman, kind of like Desi Arnez.
Lucy, he seemed like a silly goose, but he was the business guy behind the brains behind that deal.
And then did the rerun.
Did he really?
And that set where you could just go from one set to another without having any.
Lucy!
Lucy, he seemed like just kind of like a, he got off the banana boat.
I come to find out he was a pretty good business man.
Rookless, too I understand.
Yes indeed.
Here's the parakeet cages.
Here's our poll question that A-boys and girls.
Who do you think has the worth looking hair piece in the world?
Now we started here and I had a short list of, I said to George before the show,
I don't know if this poll is going to fly, so to speak,
because I can't come up with a lot of names.
And then as we put our heads together and Carlos found a website and we just,
we got a pretty damn long list here.
Who has the worst looking hair piece in the world?
Sam Donaldson, Aaron Brown, for he, I said he just makes me nauseous.
I'm going to program my TV to keep him off.
Winy, he is so winy.
Bob Eisenberg, who was just in there this morning as a matter of fact.
Mohaward David, who's going to be on a poll every day anyway,
regardless, although in this case it fits.
If you want to see Mohs piece, if you want to use your own judgment,
just go to the QAM website, www.qam.com and click on our hosts or talk hosts or whatever that says.
And you'll see a picture with a grace of the sideburns and the brown,
whatever that is on top, the brindle thing.
Willard Scott, Marv Albert, and then we got Henry Frane.
I hope I'm spelling his name right, the former date school superintendent,
FR-A-I-N-D, they'll hear you talking about it.
Henry Fr-A-I-N-D, I'm doing it for Eric's benefit because he don't nausey.
Are you faxing, Mr. Eric? We're going to fax it, sir.
Wild Menendez, I'm pretty sure it's Lyle the one that's got the piece.
Right?
Sure, whatever.
It wasn't Eric. Eric's the one that got married.
Bert Reynolds, Sean Coverney.
Paul Simon, Charlton Heston, I see a pick it on a guy when he's down like that,
when he's got his use son of a bitch.
Michael Douglas, Tony Curtis, you know, what's his name, that restaurant reviewer,
what's his name, Peter?
What was his name?
I really know one.
Peter Clayton.
Okay.
Rest in peace.
He told me an interesting thing about Tony Curtis.
Yeah, you passed it along.
Yeah.
I thought you said that Richard Simmons told you that about Tony Curtis.
Well, that's right, it was Richard Simmons.
That's right, that's right.
Certainly Peter Clayton would have told me that because then he would have had to commit
an advent that he had the same taste again.
Anyway, Martin Landau, Tony Bennett, William Schatner, good Canadian boy there, right?
Edelton John, that's real.
I think that's a pretty good start.
Now, if you've got any others that we don't know about, please fax them in 305-650-198.
I found one more.
I don't know if you're interested.
Go right in neutral.
He's not in this world anymore, but...
No, we tried to dead people already.
No, we're not doing no dead people.
Let's let the dead rest in peace with their peace, okay?
And that's an interesting question, by the way.
If there...
Then people have like a hair piece, do they bury it with them?
Of course.
They do?
You want to look good in the casket of the panel, right?
You're best.
You're lost appearance.
I just want to look at a casket.
Be sure they have pieces in the casket.
Yeah, that's a good point.
Never thought about that.
See, these are very important things that we never thought about before.
That's what this show is famous for.
Besides being the audio version of C-SPAN
and where we monkey around a little bit for a while.
That's right.
Get that organ going.
I tell you one thing, when I see that Adam Baldwin
kind of gets my organ going a little bit.
He's a pretty interesting guy.
And do you write it?
I didn't grind it, but I kind of looked at it.
But now that I realize he's 40 years old,
that's stretching it a little bit too far, so to speak.
But in that movie, he was 30.
And what's an interesting statement by that time?
Look pretty bad.
She looked pretty nice.
She looked back towards the end of that sitcom.
And then of course, after he had her locked up in that room for a while,
then when he cut her hair like with the scissors,
and just, oh, she looked all that great.
Did she show any titty in that movie?
There was one scene where he was screwing her,
but I'm forgetting whether we saw Titty or not.
It was a very important point.
Oh, it is?
Yeah.
I don't think so.
To me?
Why is that?
She was scatty looking.
Yeah, but still, she's famous.
Oh, I see some other ones who want to see famous things.
She's just as a point of reference, even if they look bad,
just to say that you saw them and, you know, to be able to talk about it.
Anyway, moving right along.
So there's the poll for today, like I said,
we'll probably have some other suggestions.
So, Eric, keep an open mind.
Keep some open slots for today.
Thursday, last time I checked.
Yes, it is.
It was the rest of Monday, charged with crimes that allegedly occurred in Rickard's middle school
over the past year, reported in May.
And 11-year-old girl told her mother that Levinson fondled her during class.
The mother reported the incident to the school.
Levinson was immediately reassigned to a desk job while detectives conducted an investigation.
He was arrested and released Tuesday in a $35,000 bond.
Detectives think there might be other victims.
They're checking into it.
And the Sun Central is, like I said, a little on the slow side.
This is from common dreams.com.
Common Dreams News Center.
Derek Z. Jackson writes, no faith in Bush's war on Iraq.
Invading Iraq is not a faith-based initiative.
This is shocking, considering the self-proclaimed piety of President.
We get more federal mana to help the wayward and the downtrodden.
Congress has been so slow to rubber stamp the New Testament that the President has resorted to divine intervention.
He's going behind Capitol Hill's back, trying to tweak regulations and educating religious groups on how to fool government regulators by applying for funds under non-religious names.
The first command, according to President's own words, is government must expedite and stand on the side of faith-based programs.
In a video speech to the Southern Baptist Convention, Bush quoted Martin Luther Coon Jr. as saying,
the Church is not the master or the servant of the state, but rather the conscience of the state.
Bush told the Throne, you have never believed in separating religious faith from political life.
Baptist believe his American founders did, that religious faith is the moral anchor of American life.
As the President itches to reign bombs on Baghdad, never in his reign has the Church been so separated from the state.
And indesernable is his moral anchor.
It's truly because, is it truly because he has irrefutable proof that Saddam Hussein is going to pump poisons into our subways, air ducts and aquafires,
or is he driven by more primitive desires of revenge?
In 1993, Bush's father on a victory tour of Kuwait after the Gulf War was the alleged target of an assassination plot by the Iraqi intelligence service.
The plot was broken up and President Clinton punished Iraq by firing 23 Tomahawk missiles at its intelligence headquarters.
Three missiles missed their targets, reportedly killing at least eight civilians.
The fact that his father was saved and that Iraq was already attacked with death penalty justice is obviously not enough for the Bush family.
Last month on CNN, Bush senior said, I hate Saddam Hussein, I have nothing but hatred in my heart for him.
The junior Bush, while saying that other nations are at risk of attack from Hussein said, but there's no doubt that this hatred is made, let me try it again.
There's no doubt his hatred is mainly directed at us. After all, this is the guy who tried to kill my dad.
Did you hear when he said that? No, it was really embarrassing.
Since hate can escalate into an all-consuming inferno, many church and leaders have tried to dampen the fires of Bush.
Bush has solid support for a unilateral first-reck invasion from the National Association of Evangelicals in the Southern Baptist Convention, but a vast universe of other churches say there is still time to avoid war.
In the last three weeks, the World Council of Churches, the U.S. National Council of Churches, the U.S. Conference of Catholic Vichips,
and many state councils of churches have urged Bush not to wage war at least not for now.
They've urged the White House to exhaust all peaceful means of weapons inspections and getting Hussein to destroy the weapons.
While all the church groups acknowledged Hussein's bloodlust, they said that it doesn't justify going out of our way to shed new blood.
We don't need to march down the path to Warmergaden, said Bob Edgar, General Secretary of the National Council of Churches.
A preemptive strike by the U.S. presents to the world a model of aggression that may encourage other nations to attack neighboring countries that threaten them.
The World Council of Churches said war as a method of settling disputes is incompatible with a teaching an example of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Under the sovereignty of God, no nation or group of nations is entitled to prosecute vengeance against another.
Nor is any nation entitled to make unilateral judgments and take unilateral actions that lead to the devastation of another nation and the massive suffering of its people.
The President of the U.S. Conference of Vichips, Wilton Gregory, wrote to Bush,
We respectfully urge you to step back from the brink of war and help lead the world to whack together to fashion an effective global response to a racked threat that conforms with traditional moral limits on the use of military force.
Bush was happy to use the churches when it suited his political purpose, a replacing federal obligations to the poor with charity and noblesse oblige.
Bush has said, charity, a church and charity, synagogue and mosque lend our communities their humanity, and they'll have an honor place in our plans.
With Daddy Bush still burning about Sanem Hussein and Junior burning with desire and perhaps revenge, the church has no place in these plans, the new commandant from Bush is, the government must expedite this war, faith-based organizations, you stand aside.
Roteuric G's, ZJX, whatever his name is, and printed in the Boston Globe yesterday.
What do you like that?
So Eric is still working on this thing, it's a work in progress, right?
Well, I didn't even close it out yet in case somebody facts, but they didn't.
But they have, and we have no other names, bad, the hair pieces.
Nope. How do I help people know unless they look it up somewhere?
I mean, most of these people, we came up with a whole bunch off the top of our head this morning.
Yeah, but we off the top of our head.
Oh, sorry.
I think Bob Eisenberg's had a disadvantage here because we have nothing on any website anywhere where they can take a peek at that thing.
In addition to which that was his old one, which I think we have too bad we don't have old pictures of that.
Yeah, the most improved one you haven't seen.
What he was doing the Muscat Ramble, yes, I have seen the new and improved one.
You're wrong about that.
I have seen the new one much better, still kind of embarrassing, but in his case.
The former caregivers of Little Radio Wilson, who's disappearing, this is from the Palm Beach Post, by the way.
The former caregivers of Little Radio Wilson, who's disappearance exposed, disarray and Florida's child welfare agency, were arrested on fraud charges yesterday for allegedly stealing more than $14,000 in pubic assistance from the state.
Jirlen and Pamela Graham, who are sisters, were arrested on several charges related to Ritia's disappearance along with Jirlen Graham's adult son and daughter, the FDLEB-SAN.
Jirlen Graham, who's arrested on the name Jirlen Smith, was charged with seven counts of public assistance fraud and one count each of four jury, driver's license fraud, title fraud and making a false affidavit.
She was being held on $600,000 bailer, was not immediately known, while she was arrested under a second name. Pamela Graham was charged with one count of grand theft, five counts of welfare fraud and six counts of aiding and abetting public assistance fraud.
Jirlen Graham's son Leo Epson was charged with grand theft and making a false statement while her daughter, Jack Olin Epson, was charged with public assistance fraud.
The State Attorney's Schedule and News Conference to discuss the arrest, bail information for Pamela Graham and Epson's was not immediately available.
These individuals who had close contact with Brilliant Gage, routinely in fraud and falsification of official documents for their personal gain, Governor Jeb Boyce said,
Pamela Graham's attorney Joshua Fisher said he hadn't spoken to his client and couldn't comment on the arrest.
Riggia, who's sixth birthday was last month, lived with Jirlen Graham, who had claimed to be her paternal grandmother and Pamela Graham, who had legal custody from April 2000 till January 2001.
That's when Jirlen Graham said a state child welfare worker took her way for evaluation never to be seen again.
Little girl was supposed to receive monthly state visits, but wasn't reported missing until last April 25th because of a hernomor.
Speaking of coming up with cash, the California Supreme Court, you're going to love this story because you're a hard-ass bitch.
I'm a bitch. You're a hard-ass bitch. Okay. And a prick. Yeah. And a dickhead. Well, you'll say it while it rhymes with the California Supreme Court Order authorities yesterday to show why actor Robert Blake should not be granted an immediate bail hearing while awaiting trial for the murder of his wife.
Now, my right, don't you like that? The Court Order of the LA County Sheriff's Department, which has custody of Blake to file an answer by this coming Monday, the order indicated unless authority shall adequate reason the bail hearing should be held.
Blake's lawyers had asked the Court to review a rolling by a superior court judge who declined to hold bail hearing before court appearance set for November.
The 69-year-old actor has been jailed since his April 18 arrest. Faces a preliminary hearing November 13 to determine if there's sufficient evidence for him to stand trial.
We're hopeful now that he'll get out on bail said Blake's lawyer Harold Harland Brown. Sandy Gibbons, they spoke to women for the LA County District Attorney's Office said prosecutors will follow reply by Monday.
Blake has accused of murder of what we already know about that about poor Bonnie Lee. Poor Bonnie Lee, poor misunderstood Bonnie Lee.
Yeah. Prosecutors earlier filed a motion that argued that Blake is not eligible for bail because of the lying and weight allegation.
Murdered with lying in weight special circumstances is a capital crime. The prosecution brief stated the California Constitution denied such a defendant bail.
Blake's legal team had challenged the constitutionality of the lying and weight statute. He's offered to post a million dollars in bail.
So we'll take it. We'll hold it. We'll hold it and just make sure he comes back, right? He'll let you hold. I'll let you hold half of it and I'll hold the other half.
Okay, we got a facts about James Trophicont. We were talking about him this morning. Oh, let's put him on there. They know who he is. He had a lot of publicity. James Trophicont. I'll fact that it's pretty.
Who not only had to leave Congress, but also had to go to jail directly to jail. Ohio Congressman had a little bit of a problem here and there. Did he go to jail?
I don't know. Yes, he did. He absolutely did. All right. Trust me when I tell you. I think for a long time, 926 and 560 WQM. There's never ever been a better time to buy a new home or refinancing that existing one than right now.
How about a rate of 3.95 percent? That's correct. The financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95 percent. If you want to find out more about how this works, all you have to do is pick up that phone and call financial group at their toll free number 1-800-940-LEND.
That's 1-800-940-5363. The money you're going to save is unbelievable. Think about it. You can get yourself a $100,000 loan for only $450 a month or a $200,000 loan for only $950 a month. The process is simple. You're going to save yourself thousands of dollars this year and every year for a long time.
So pick up the phone and call the group. The financial group at 1-800-940-LEND. There's never been a better time to get yourself a low interest rate. Call financial group and you'll be on your way to save a lot of cash. Financial group and equal housing lender, credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change.
So call now 1-800-940-LEND. That's 1-800-940-5363.
The U. It's the all new KFC. Now you have two kinds of Kentucky ice-chegars that you choose from. There's the original recipe with secret herbs and spices and the new recipe with one secret herb.
The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The
Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel
The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The
The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The
The Colonel smoked it. The
Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. The Colonel smoked it. He took over the
Colonel and grabbed theendiary, and grabbed the wooden keys and held a couple opposite sides over
the
Colonel and grabbing the emphasis, and grabbed the wooden key and grabbed the wooden key on the under sleeves of a
I know he's there, but thankfully this is where the author saw on the stand and grabbed the stitches to
which people slide to safety. Can't you just see that now? This wouldn't help getting
up. Yeah, I actually showed a demonstration of one of those on now, some news show.
Yeah. Now, can't you just see air give us?
Six people get together and shove and fat boy through this. It has to be like some pretty
heavy duty big shoes. A clog. The prototype for so yeah, he'd have to be, I don't know
how you do that. He'd have to be asked. You have to butter his.
Oh, you have to butter his buns. Back them to there.
And then you get the broom handle.
The prototype for such a system was unveiled Tuesday before an appreciative assembly of
reporters and photographers. Normally a tough audience to impress and
Washington's Omni-Sure-Hamm hotel. From 11 stories up, men and women swished through a giant
tube. Don't you love that? They swished through a giant tube made of far-resistant fabric
gruted with steel cables emerging at ground level to general applause.
You know, kind of like they have it the tennis tournament. It's very or a golf
golf tournament. Break the light. The device resembles a slide one might find it a water park,
but bigger. Oh, thank God it's bigger fat boy. The developers of the advanced modular
evacuation system see it as the first major breakthrough in building safety since the invention
of the fire escape. This writ of Columbia deputy fire chief Mike Smith hailed the development.
It takes firefighters with full equipment average of two or three minutes per floor to ascend a
building. He said because of widespread budget cuts, fire departments are being asked to do more
with less. This will help be added by saying that in the late 19th century the idea of stepping
out of a building under something that was hung on the side by bolts must have appeared strange
also. Meaning the thing. Don't you think it's got a strange step out of your thing?
Eric Benzvi spoke to him for the advanced education systems, evacuation systems, based in
Tel Aviv and Hong Kong told you P.I. the company chairman Ellie near came up with the idea for
the system after his son off air was trapped in the top of a hotel during a fire. Off air was
rescued, but it occurred to knew that existing procedures for evacuating people from high-rise
structures were inadequate. He started to think about innovative ways of getting people out of
buildings faster. The system is packaged into a relatively small unapproved container which is
fitted into the walls of buildings as the name indicates its modular so you can put several on each
floor. You can put them on numerous floors depending upon occupancy when the fire alarm is activated.
The system is automatically automatically. I'm thinking of that day that you had the fire alarm
there and poor fat boy that was that was said. Why don't three wouldn't that be great just pop
that thing out of the wall and just slide his fat ass right down there. You go first, Pally.
Apparently some kinks need to be worked out. In Tuesday's demonstration, a man on the ground
deployed the shoot by pulling on a rope. A pamphlet distributed to reporters explained that steel
cables are retouched to the shoot one on the top and the rest on the bottom, forming a winched
system for winding cables into a compact receptacle where the shoot is stored to deploy the
system the spring ejection unfolds the shoot to ground level where it needs to be anchored.
Adam Siegel of RobinoWitz Media told UPI that first responders, building managers and even tenants
will be trained in securing the bottom of the shoot today, pre-designed spot, aims his
operative real perspective clients in how to do this. In an emergency, the shoot can be secured
to a treat or a vehicle. Evidently they had a little bit of a problem. They did. Asked about the
most difficult obstacles they had it overcome. They said that the material doesn't hurt you when
you slide down. Second, that the system not take up a lot of space in the building. While it
doesn't go on in the story, they didn't tell us how the embarrassing problems that they have.
Maybe a couple of people got stuck in there. They just don't want to tell us about it because it's
bad for business. Maybe they had a couple of people like fat boy. So somebody says Ivo James
Traffickent is the worst effing rug of all time. He's on air. Okay. Thank you very much,
Valley. That's the one we had from the audience. I think we got to cover it, so to speak, and the
ball's bought too. Yeah, Eric's working on it right now. Who do you think has the worst looking
hair piece in the world? Sam Donaldson, Aaron Brown, Bob Eisenberg, who's a guy, he won't get any
votes because unless they know him, more Howard David. And like I said, if you want to see most
pieces, go to qam.com and check out our hosts and take a look at that thing. Willard Scott,
Marv Albert, Henry Framed, F-R-A-I-N-D, the former Dave County School Supervisor, God is as
canned and then traumatic to discuss slavery in front of them. This was at an anti-racism meeting.
The dozen or so whites and a couple of Asians mainly interpreters and members of non-governmental
groups left without protest. The more than 200 delegates from several countries voted overwhelmingly
for the restriction with about 50 abstaining officials said the event was organized by various
non-governmental organizations. This is an African family occasion and therefore they should not be
allowed to sit down and talk with us, said Gerardina Gambeis, spokesman for the British delegation.
Conference chairwoman, Jewel Crawford of the US said there were a number of black people who
have been traumatized by white people and they suffer psychologically and emotionally and as a
result of that trauma, some of them did not care to discuss their issues in front of them. They have
issues but Jean Violet Baptiste spoke to him, spoke to him for the Giana-based African Cultural
and Development Association said, Organizer should have made clear that only blacks were welcome.
You can't have people come all this way and then ask them to leave. You think she said,
X? A laxel. A major issue with the meeting is a plan by black activists from the Caribbean and
North America to sue France for making Haiti pay millions of dollars for recognition of its
independence nearly two centuries ago. Let's sue those frogs, those bastards. Attorney General
Mia Motley of Barbados urged delegates to build upon last year's UN conference against racism
in South Africa which recognized slavery and enslaved trade as a crime against humanity.
The meeting titled African and African descendants World Conference Against Racism was hosted by
the government of Barbados. Organizers included the Congress against Racism, Barbados and the
US-based Congress of people of African descent. The World Conference Against Racism but no
whiteies allowed. How do you like that? It's always that way. The Black College Fund,
the Black Biss and the Black Band and as soon as anybody says, well let's start a white,
aha, Ku Klux Klan man, John Virtures, Racists, Crackers, stuff like that. I wonder if they
serve crackers at that conference. No, they just kicked them out. 20 till 10 at 5.60 WQM,
we got the mad dog at one, we got Hank with a full four hours again today.
I hope he's been working out for this including Bino between five and six,
Hank from three to seven. Shiv has regal talking a hard ball with a crow seven o'clock.
That'd be a great pull question. Who would you rather hear the crow Joe or Moe?
Then at 817 we got the a Giants and the Braves game two in their series which the Giants
won the first game of that eight to five. And he came to the baseball and Joe and Mark overnight.
Joe Moe or the Crow. Or and then of course we got two Joe's, you know what?
We got Joe Costello. We also got Joe Joe Moe and Crow and that pull Joe Rose and Joe Rose.
Joe Joe Joe Moe and Crow. It is this sound like you overworked underpaid duck and a really crappy
dead end John under appreciated. Well do yourself a favor pick up that phone and call the good
people at fast train right now at 866 fast train. We'd give you Todd Drek's a home phone number
two because he's got some good drug dealers for it. The demand for certified computer professionals
has never been better and fast train can that that's what PD Lang said and fast train can
help you achieve a new career in his little four months fast train is South Florida's largest
certified Microsoft training center with locations for them for you now in Pembert Pines in for
Lauderdale and candle that brand new one and of course in Miami fast train offers can be in
day evening and weekend classes they got a full-time job placement department with over 30 years
experience getting people in jobs. So if you're overworked underpaid under appreciated stuck on a
really marginal dead end job don't wait another second pick up the phone and call fast train tool
at 866 fast train think about it in just four short months you'll be on your way to becoming a
high paid computer professional in a career with great earning potential take my advice pick that
thing up right now in the phone too and call fast train 866 fast train that's 866 fast train or check
them out in the web if you like it fast train dot com.
welcome back to the glittering pageantry of the mohawaiian
in the show we have a full duck it today including the cavalcade of our articulate athlete
of yours you know that pipe smoke is still at it what what singing the songs make it fun on me
they make fun on the y'all the time I don't know why they don't adore me they're there everything
will be alright no get your hands off me a fairy you're queer you're a tube jumper real man don't
only go into game yes master they want singing I'll give them singing get on a piano
all right now hit it back in my day men was straight
the end day is not today that's why I can't tolerate
mc Pareiner co pronunciation
we have starboard you're more on a dynamo my wig fellow finger
Okay, all right, where were we?
What holes were in tape after that?
I'll take it from here.
The guys that liked the worship men.
Good thing we won't see more in your way than that of my dad.
Didn't need to soothpriced tape.
Or to tickle hairy tape.
Jesus Christ, I really hate.
Jesus Christ, when God...
You know, it's interesting that line about the C-SPAN with the audio from C-SPAN.
It was kind of a cute line.
The only thing is, how does he know what we're doing on this show?
He doesn't listen.
Somebody told him.
Oh, he must have heard it to the grapevine.
Because I certainly wouldn't want him to come off as being, you know,
somebody who's less than candid.
He would.
He's fitting in a Q-M-A-L-I better if that were the case.
What's that evil that age thing again?
I don't know.
What?
The age thing.
When we're going to get to the bottom of the deal on that about his age.
I see.
I guess if you want to hide your bald spot, you probably want to hide your birds.
It's hard.
Carlos seems to think that he can research this.
You know something?
That's his new assignment.
Now, before we get to another assignment for Carlos, let me just say this.
Because that bit I just played, I played it right off of the...
I could have played it off.
Anywhere, I played it off of the new Volker Brian disc restitution and MOVIT's volume one,
which has got 40 sensational things on it.
In fact, it's got even got a couple of drop-ins on it.
You have your own personal version of...
Where is it?
Look at that.
It won't come.
You want to know why I went on strike because of what I was about to say.
There it is.
The fact that it's not on our website yet.
Oh.
It's got the old Volker Brian thing, Arab Arabian melodies, whatever it is.
Which is also very good.
I see we had a couple more people buy that yesterday since they're probably fearful
that that's going to vanish and should have vanished yesterday.
But I don't see the new one on there yet, which promised everybody was going to be on there on Tuesday.
See, what happens?
I don't want to...
I don't want to sound like I'm defensive here, but talk about liars.
People make liars out of me.
See, if I'm going to lie by intent, then I have no problem with that.
If it's a lie, I want to tell.
But when other people make me liars, then I start getting like, raising four eyebrows.
You know what I mean?
They were confabulating until two in the morning.
It's what I heard.
So I don't know why it's not.
Who's the day?
Carlison Eric?
No, Eric and Brian.
Yeah.
Well, they may have been confabulating, but you know, I hope they had a good time doing that.
Squirt Squirt.
They didn't get to job them with the new CD, with the new thing on there.
Because I'm sure a lot of people are just chomping into the bit to get that.
Even if only, just so they can play it for their friends, play that.
Just that, you know what I'm saying?
Yes.
But at any rate, it'll be on there any second now.
So once Carlis gets that all taken care of, and then of course he's working behind the scenes to take over the website.
Once we get all of that, then he can start researching most birthday.
Because we like to be all that we do know is birthday.
In fact, here's a clue for you.
June 3rd.
Because that's the last time he listened to this show alleged.
Oh, yeah.
The day before my birthday.
How about that?
Well, happy birthday to both of you.
Okay, and happy anniversary to Mrs. Mo.
And what was the other thing to do?
Oh, it's her birthday and their anniversary, yes.
Well, happy birthday and happy anniversary.
How do you like that?
Even though she hates me like poison.
That's okay.
We don't take it personal.
We understand it's his business.
I've never met that lady.
Okay, she might be very nice lady.
In fact, anybody would put up with that for all those years.
How many years they've been married?
What do you say they've been married 50 years?
He didn't say.
I say.
Who do you think has the worst looking hair piece in the world as our poll question today?
And already we got 41 votes.
So think just popped up on the early moments ago.
Mo, how are David who just seems to be running away with all of these things?
He's got 12.
Sam Donaldson is tied for second with James Traff.
Oh, look at that.
Just change again.
Mo's got 15.
James Trafficanth 13.
Although at least James Trafficanth was funny.
You know what I mean?
No, I only saw the one speech.
You didn't think he was funny?
I thought he was a panic.
He was hysterical.
I can't believe that.
They could sniff his crotch in the sand.
That's funny.
He was a very funny guy.
We need a lot more people like him in Congress to lighten things up a little bit.
Instead of all these deadly serious phony pontificators in there.
Mo with 15.
James Trafficanth 13.
Sam Donaldson 11.
Sam got my vote.
He's got the worst.
Mark Albert 6.
Bert Reynolds has a pair.
Chuck Heston's got two.
But he forgot who they were.
Henry Frayne is got one by one.
By some words got one.
That must be an inside job.
Oh, that must be yours.
No, I voted for Henry Frayne.
And Willard Scott's got one.
Everybody else is still in the zero column.
But it's early yet.
Very early in the running.
10 before 10 at 560 WQAM.
US hardline on Iraq leaves full scale invasion.
A hair trigger away says the Guardian in England.
Washington last night revealed its intention to use UN weapons inspections as a possible first step towards a military occupation of Iraq.
By sending in troop ceiling off exclusion zones and creating secure corridors throughout the country.
In a leak proposal for a UN resolution drafted by the US with help from British officials.
The Bush administration is seeking to transform the inspections process into a coercive operation.
The resolution would place a full scale invasion of Iraq on a hair trigger authorizing that's with an S.
UN member states to use all necessary means to restore international peace and security.
If Iraq does so much as make an omission in the weapons inventory that presents to the security council.
In other words, if they said they had eight nooks and it turns out that we fight a knife.
That's it or a pen knife.
If they said they didn't have any sharp instruments and they had like a pen knife or like a perineal clippers or a box cutter.
That's it.
Yulkham.
Weapons inspectors would operate out of bases inside Iraq when they'd be under the protection of UN troops.
UN forces or the forces of member state would enforce the no fly and no drive zones around the suspected weapon site.
Prevent anything from being removed before inspection.
Difflimates that the UN said there was no doubt that US troops would play a leading role in any such enforcement allowing the Pentagon to deploy forces inside Iraq even before the hostilities got underway.
The release of the draft help Washington regained momentum in a security council talks.
They after Iraq took the initiative by agreeing to inspections under existing UN guidelines.
That agreement was welcomed by France and Russia but dismissed as empty by the US and Britain.
Jack Straw, the foreign secretary of the Brits called the existing guidelines the effective.
Don't you love him and that name Jack Straw?
I wish I had that name.
You know what he looks like?
Straw.
He looks just like Jack Straw.
Got glasses and a tweet suit.
You know, he looks like a real Brit.
Jack Straw.
The resolution will be debated over the next few days among the permanent five security council members.
President George Bush's negotiating position was bolstered yesterday when the House of Representatives agreed to that war power's resolution handing him an open-ended authority to take military action against the Mac.
The Senate where there was tougher opposition is such a blanket authorization was reported to be moving towards support of the White House line also.
Under the party line.
Under the US draft security council member states could send their own inspectors into Iraq to operate alongside the official UN teams.
These extra inspectors would have the same rights and protections accorded other members of the team.
Member states also could recommend the UN teams which sites to search and how to do it.
Iraqi officials could be taken out of the country along with their families for questioning in order to remove the fear of Iraqi government reprisals.
The Iraqi deputy prime minister that obnoxious tarik aziz said there was no need for a new resolution and the existing resolutions were good enough for inspectors to do their job.
John Pike, the head of globalsecurity.org Washington military think tank said the resolution was worded in such a way that Iraq was almost certain to reject it even if the alternative was invasion.
I could never imagine a wreck agreeing to this if you're going to be invaded you might as well make the invading for shoot their way and it's a sort of proposal meant to be rejected.
Mr. Pike said in other words kind of a dog and pony show British officials said the draft represented more of a discussion paper for the five permanent members than a formal document to be circulated within the full security council.
British experts worked alongside their US counterparts at the state department in the early stages of its drafting but it was then handed to the White House and the Pentagon who added some of its tougher elements.
A downing street spokesman said we're not going to comment till further resolutions are published but it was clear that London was uneasy with some of the items in the draft especially the use of troops to quarantine suspect sites and to guard the inspectors' roots to the sites.
One British official pointed out that it was put within square brackets and could be jettisoned later.
The intention behind the clause the official said was to avoid the situation under earlier inspection regimes whereby inspectors were coming in the front door and the kit was moving out the back.
The kit. Never see the kit. No rhymes with Schmidt. Further anxiety about the US position came from Chris Patton the EU's commissioner for external relations in a speech in Chicago today he's going to say if the US were to fall prey to the temptation to back the loan and outside the framework of international order even for the best of motives it would be sitting down a very dangerous path he said.
The diplomats in New York and Washington said it was clear there was a split between the State Department and the Bush administration's chicken hawks over how far the West should compromise especially over the threat of force so the beat goes on man we're just want our foot in the door okay just open up that door let us in we're not going to do nothing bad just open up the door let us in.
Here's that schwarz's story from Milwaukee again dark folks kill another dark folks this is just makes me want to puke eight of the twelve youths accused of beating a handyman to death with bats shovels a tree limb in a baby story.
The former governor of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the
state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of
the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state
of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the
state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of
the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state
of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the
state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of
the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state
of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the
the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state
of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the
state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of
the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state
of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the
state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of
the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state
of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the
state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of
the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state forecast the report
criticized the administration for rejecting the 1997 Kyoto Agreement on Global Warming,
as well as the new International Criminal Court to try to let's work criminals and the
comprehensive nuclear test-band treaty.
Those policies said he said had understandably made Europeans less inclined to trust a
Bush administration on Iraq.
Clinton said that a rags president Saddam Hussein was bobbing and weaving to toward international
inspections he added we should call his bluff.
Prime Minister Tony Blair Britton who invited Clinton to speak, here has been Bush's strongest
foreign supporter in the campaign against Hussein and Clinton was lavish in praising his
host.
But even when extoling Blair who has later the left of center labor party as Clinton's
ideological soulmate, the former president was indirectly critical of Bush.
He praised Blair for working to reunite the world opinion behind a new security council
resolution demanding unconditional weapons inspections if he weren't to do this at Clinton
night out if anybody else could.
Ha ha ha ha!
Little shot there, huh?
Little bit.
It's kind of like right in those days after 9-11 remember we were playing like Tony Blair
speeches?
Yes.
Because there were more reassuring to the like the human race because he can actually put
a sentence together as opposed to like movement like that.
Although he didn't name them Clinton the fact previous Republican administrations for
supplying Iraq with materials that may have been used in making biological weapons in
the early 1980s for issuing hardly a people Iraqi forces gas quotas civilians in 1988
and for urging Shiite Muslims and Southern Iraq to rebel or rebel against Hussein in
1991 and then abandoning the men to their fate in the face of a counter attack.
How do you like that?
See here's a guy because he's not running for anything.
He's got the ball still.
He's got the big balls.
As a moniker said, let's get that talk show going.
What I wouldn't give to have his ass back in there again right now.
Oh God.
We carry him.
Can he star on all those right wing hypocrites all those phony baloney crock snipers?
Man, they'd be sucking wind.
The speech was welcomed both by Blair supporters and by those who have been critical of the Prime
Administrative U.S. policy said Alan Simpson a labor member of the House of Commons who
leads a parliamentary group opposed the military action.
I'm surprised because I expected him to come and bang the drum war.
I didn't expect him to bang a piece drum.
How do you like that?
I'm surprised because I expected him to come and bang the drum war.
I didn't expect him to bang a piece drum.
How do you like that?
He was banging the drum of peace.
He was banging it.
That's Bubba.
Everybody goes.
He's banging it.
He's banging somebody or something.
The man accused of trying to blow up that transatlantic flight with explosives hitting
the issues, plans to plead guilty to all he charges against him as law said yesterday.
Attorney Owen Walker said Richard Reed, no relation to Greg.
He wanted to avoid the publicity of a trial and negative impact it would have on his family.
That'd be a great poll question asked one day.
Who's more dangerous?
Richard Reed or Greg Reed or Donna Reed?
Are wes or mothers?
Who?
Reed Richards.
Who the hell's that?
Fantastic four.
Oh.
Reed, a British citizen is accused of attempting to kill 197 passengers and crew members
aboard that American Airlines flight from Paris to Miami on December 22.
He was overpowered as we know by flight attendants and passengers and the flight was diverted
to Boston.
Trial is said to begin November 4.
Walker said Reed has no disagreement with the facts asserted in the charges but refused
to say if any deal had been made for the reduced sentence.
The FBI has said it believes Reed also helped make the shoe bomb from an al-Qaeda bomb maker.
He had help.
The FBI also said it's reached Reed's email accounts in FOM1 in which he described a duty
to remove the oppressive American forces from the Muslim land.
What I'm doing is part of the ongoing war between Islam and disbelief he wrote to his
mother in the message two days before his arrest.
The US Attorney's Office had no immediate comment.
After his arrest, the authority said he believed Reed had helped making the shoe bomb and
that Reed had been ruled out as the source of a human here and Pompren filed on the explosives.
Reed insisted Reed be on investigators he acted alone.
In his motion filed yesterday Reed said he had been admitted to all eight counts but before
he does he asked the court to remove language from two of the counts that he alleged he received
training from al-Qaeda.
In statements to law enforcement after his arrest Reed said he acted because of the US military
campaign in Afghanistan and said he had hoped his plan to take because Americans to stop
traveling leading to a downturn in the economy prosecutor's set.
Reed told the FBI who was driven by anger over the treatment of Muslims in Israel.
According to transcripts of the interrogations he said he traveled in June 2001 to Jerusalem's
Al-Aqsa mosque and was angry to see Jews with guns inside.
His trip to Jerusalem further emboldened him to act against the West when he witnessed
the many checkpoints and travel restrictions on Muslims when transcripts said as why
he didn't choose to attack Israel Reed told investigators America is the problem without
America there would be no Israel.
He also said he was worried Palestinian groups would be too paranoid to trust him.
In fact when you look at him do you think anybody would trust him?
No, I don't think it's mom trust him.
And you actually you can't have to wonder how the hell he got on that plane.
You know, I mean we realize they're doing a pretty crappy job all over the world and
especially in the West of A but this originated in Paris.
How did he get on that plane?
Of course you know in Paris the frogs never saw a terrorist that they didn't like.
Right.
They never saw a scumbag that they didn't embrace.
Okay, I just mentioned that in passing because the frogs are pigs.
12 minutes after 10 at 560 WQA how's that wig pull coming on?
Who do you think has got the worst looking piece in the world?
Moe Howard David 38 he's off to the races baby.
James traffic can't scut 20 wealth changing again.
Moe with 41.
I don't know if they can catch him.
James traffic and 26 Sam Donaldson 23 Marv Albert 16.
Bert Reynolds with nine Henry framed his got seven he ought to be higher.
Well it's got six and now it goes.
Did Aaron Brown ever get the respelled and get a vote?
No, we spelled it right.
He's still having to go.
They don't know who that is.
No because only people over the age of 100 watch CNN like me.
And I don't watch it that much.
I only like in channel surfing.
I watch I watch the C-SPAN.
I know and I kind of like the audio version of C-SPAN.
In fact, you know, book a Brian ought to do with us with some classical music in the back.
And opening for that.
And now the audio version of C-SPAN is on for real and the reason is bedtime story.
I think that's great.
See one thing about us on issue mode is one thing we've got that you don't.
It's called an audience.
Let me tell you right now about our good friends at Donald mattress.
They got something that the event stores don't have and the department stores don't have.
And that's a great unbeatable deal on a quality name brand mattress.
I mean, you can go to bed in a department stores and buy one, but you'll get ripped off.
And you'll have to go through a big storm of dance.
And a lot of times you don't even get what you wanted in the first place.
Never happen with Donald mattress just had one easy call to one 800 mattress like I always do.
And you get exactly the name brand mattress, the style, the firmness, whatever you're looking for.
They got the top names in the business.
They got SIRTA, SILI, Simmons and King Coral, no store can match their selection.
And of course, nobody matches.
They're exceptionally low every day prices, no bait and swish like I said, exactly the one you want you get.
And you get it when it's convenient for you.
You get home delivery like any day of the week, seven days a week, an A2,
our window that's convenient when you're going to be home like 11 to one, noon to two, one to three,
214, 14 to 414, etc.
And they give you that 30 day home comfort trial to check it out too.
So if your back isn't feeling good, if you're not getting a great night sleep night after night,
you just don't feel the way you ought to change that by getting you a great new brand name mattress
at an unbeatable price from the pros and dial mattress.
Call them right now.
You'll be sleeping with a big fat smile on your pussy as soon as tonight.
Call 1-800-MACRIS-1-800-MATTRES
or check them out that way at macchris.com
You're way too way, yeah.
Americans have been unalert ready to seek out and eliminate one of the most foul,
the most hideous lights on the well-being of our nation.
That's right.
It's the Dell computer guy.
Mh, I would try that guy to a board.
Shove an M80 up his ass and see if I could blast him out of the earth's atmosphere.
Americans have given a lot of thought as to how they would like to punish the most annoying commercial spokesman ever.
Now if I could, what I would like to do is impale him on his own femur bone and then suck out his brains with a straw.
Yes.
It is this very attitude of public hostility that has led the Dell computer guy into group therapy with his fellow commercial spokespeople.
Tonight, you'll see exclusive footage of a typical session led by Dr. Robert Cole.
Okay, last time, son, we were talking about your compulsion to be a really irritating f***hole.
Can we talk more about that?
Dude, you're going to get a Dell.
Yes, that's fine.
Dude, you're going to get a Dell.
Yes, fine.
Can we move on to your friend here?
Can you hear me now?
Good.
Dude, you're going to get a Dell.
Can you hear me now?
Good.
Look, you guys.
Oh, no, please don't squeeze the sherman over it.
No, please don't.
I always open it up.
I have to close it up.
Please don't squeeze the sherman over it.
Please don't squeeze the sherman over it.
God help!
God, I'd like to impale you on your own femur bones and then suck out your brains with a straw!
The Dell computer guy.
The latest in a long line of annoying f***s.
It's a big, juicy, something went look at your business.
Oh, right.
Tonight.
I'm inside the mind.
You're right, they just keep getting better each one.
And where is the beef, by the way?
Twenty after ten at five, sixty, WDQAM on a tremendous Thursday.
Moe's got fifty-one votes.
Look at that.
He just, off to the races, man.
He's opening up like sequiturian, this stretch, pulling away to a gigantic un-uncatchable lead.
The computer, Jeff Bush, looked at this temporary state of execution yesterday for female Syria killer, Eileen Warnos.
After a panelist I'll contact with determined she is not Manlil.
As a result of the finding of competency, I've looked at this day for death row inmate Eileen Warnos, Bush, Edna Breef, Written Statement.
Eileen Warnos will be executed on October 9th.
Don't forget about that.
It's going to be a party.
Providing the families of revictums with the justice they've waited for for so long.
My thoughts and prayers are with those who have suffered because of her crimes, said the governor.
Warnos, a hitchhiking prostitute, was convicted in the early 1990s of killing six businessmen along the highways of North and Central Florida.
Bush has three psychiatrists to evaluate her mental competence after her attorney, Rod Singhal, said he had grieved doubts about her competency to be executed.
Underfloor to law, if the governor is informed that a person's schedule would be executed might be insane.
He must order a psychiatric evaluation.
What's he going to get his?
Once the rest of his, once the right, in fact, maybe we can get a package deal.
Maybe we can get a special deal for the entire family of the governor.
The order lifting the state said the psychiatrists report showed Warnos had the mental capacity to understand the nature of the death penalty and the reasons why it was imposed upon her.
Warnos 46, who life has been the subject of a number of books and movies, has said she's ready to die.
Last year, she fired her lawyers, dropped her appeals, and volunteered for execution, with Bush signing the execution order.
She has insisted that she's mentally competent despite the concerns of others.
Singhal was appointed in June to represent Warnos after she complained about conditions on death row.
In a note to the court, she claimed she overheard corrections officers saying they wanted...
Now, see, this is not funny, okay?
But I couldn't help myself.
In a note to the court, she claimed she overheard corrections officers saying they wanted to rape her.
She also complained of contaminated food, which she claimed was sometimes cooked in dirt.
You're right, rape's not funny.
Rape is not funny, okay?
And you're the one who made me chuckle a little bit there.
Huh?
You made me chuckle because I was thinking about other things there.
Like that.
So you better watch yourself, Mr. because rape is not funny.
I've heard you said something else that's not funny.
I guess living in New York, what?
I don't know.
Would you want to live in New York now?
No.
I mean, about 10-12 million people still want to live there, I guess, but if I was making enough money, I guess I'd risk it.
A drunken disgraced ex-cop who was mad at the world, unleashed a barrage of bullets from his stivocent town apartment yesterday,
wounding a preschool teacher as she escorted toddlers and pinned hundreds of people for hours, police said.
Podestrian's ran for cover as alleged sniper Brian Berrigan fired a rifle as many as 25 times out the window of his fourth floor East-14 street flat during a three-hour siege, police said.
This is in today's daily news.
Heavenly armed emergency service unit cop, sharpshooters and helicopters descended on middle class enclave and busted Berrigan 33 as he sat in his apartment nursing a half-empty bottle of rum, bemoaning his broken marriage.
Police said a 22 caliber Miriam rifle, a Marlon rifle, a nice-hey, Miriam. Marlon rifle was found in a closet.
Is it Marlon?
I don't know.
You don't know your gunsmiths, you better get with it. You better go to some of them gun shows advertising on this show.
I've been there.
He was mad at the world of police or a set of Berrigan who was fired from the NYPD in 1997 after testing positive for cocaine.
See, are you following the pattern here that got him pissed off?
The preschool teacher, 25-year-old Ayanna Reyes suffered a graze wound to her shoulder and was taken to Bellevue Hospital where she got five stitches.
And you know what they say at Bellevue Hospital, don't you?
I hate this place. Nothing works here. The medications don't work. I've been here for seven years. Nothing works here.
I hate this place. Nothing works here. The medications don't work. I've been here for seven years. I hate this place. Nothing works here.
I'm feeling great and I'm just counting my blessings here with my family where I said last night from Rewashing in the Heights.
So my realizes could have been much worse. One of the children could have been hurt. The drama unfolded about 8.30 yesterday morning when people in the 25,010 accomplished her.
But they thought were firecrackers. Police later said the noise apparently was gunfire.
Cops were not aware of any disturbance until 9.11 call at 11.30 yesterday morning reported that Reza was taking children from the Manhattan Kids Club to a preschool, rather from the school to a playground had been shot.
Permanence raised to the scene to help Reza. She and another teacher tried to calm their fright and charges eight two-year-olds. Two-year-olds.
But before the Permanence critic erased the safety, more shots rang up forcing them to run for their lives.
Within seconds, the normally peaceful apartment complex was transformed into a virtual war zone as more shots followed.
Cops wearing body armor surrounded by arrogance building at 6.41 East 14th Street between Avenue's B&C and Sharp Shoot is carrying long rifles peered from nearby roofs.
Using bull horns police wore nervous tends to stay inside and cops cordoned off the bustling 14th Street at traffic.
About one pin, another round of gunfire erupted scattering cops and unnerving local people. He was firing at windows. He fired at people and he fired at the police vehicle said police commissioner Raymond Kelly.
Cowering inside the apartments thousands of people watched TV or listen to the radio for updates. It was like we were in prisons at Kimberly Johnson 35.
We were told to stay inside police said get back from your windows. Cops knew the shots came from window and virgins building facing northwest toward the interior of the complex.
But they couldn't immediately determine which apartment they were fired from. Police mounted a top to bottom search of the building and about 230.
Open the door to virgins apartment after he didn't answer cops on virgins sitting at his dining room table wearing an FDNY T shirt surrounded by spent shell casings on the floor.
A half-endee bottle of Jamaican rum sat on the table. At first police said virgins insisted I had nothing to do with it. Then he told cops about the rifle in the closet.
Police found a pellet gun and claimed he would then the rifle hidden under a fur coat. Maybe he wears a fur coat for all we know.
Virgins told investigators he was a heavy drinker and gamer that he was depressed because of marital problems. Said a high-ranking police source. The father of one snapped the source said after his wife threatened to leave him.
He snapped and of course that is the mercenaries. We got his diving and then I'm starting to shoot everybody shoot up everybody make you feel better.
Don't you think they've had enough problems in New York for a while now? You think you would think. I mean, you know, take it to somewhere where they deserve it.
Well, nobody deserves it. I mean, somewhere where they have not quite so much like Utica would be better. You know, don't hurt anybody but at least create a little bit of excitement for the people in Utica.
Let's sit back and have a Utica club. You see 1026 at 560 WQA M Tom layman is quite a guy down there. Halal Pontiac. In fact, Bob Eisenberg and I were talking about Tom just this morning.
And Bob said, you know, Tom is a good guy but he's a little bit on the lazy side down there. But he's a good guy though. That's why he's created a special deal for Neil Rogers listeners.
Save big dollars right now extra bucks and I'll Pontiacs GM season stock just mentioned heard about it right here on the world famous Neil Rogers show.
Stop by Halal Pontiac GMC at 134-1 South Dixie Highway. That's US one across from the falls where every vehicle is marked with the lowest price in the world you think. But surprise, mentioned in the Arranger's deal and you'll save even more. It gets even lower.
And why do they be sure and take a peek at the complete line of GMC SUVs including that on-boy the motor train SUV of the year and the all new vibe SUV that's got the power of a big fast gutsy sports car but you're a solanant no Corvette.
Halal's also got a super selection of dependable pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs and he've been turned out for credit. Halal will bid your ass off because they will cut you a deal no matter how much of a deadbeat you may be.
So get yourself the Neil Rogers deal right now at Halal Pontiac GMC right across from the falls at 134-1 South Dixie Highway where they've been going strong for 35 years plus open every day of your life seven days a week.
Halal Pontiac GMC where they do say we are professional great.
And look all this is for trail by city.
Off you duff.
And don't forget we'll see it Steve Amsthausen debut this weekend.
Gonna have a big party there is what I'm hearing wholesale department's gonna be there wholesale.
193 either gonna have a wholesale deal. Okay, 193 votes on the pool and Moe is a lead and pretty good lead.
What do you think's got the worst looking hair piece in the world? Moe Howard David 57 James Traffick and 30.
There was a guy on the you know penis gay thing the Republican right wing congressman.
We used to see him on TV all the time skinny guy balding head and he had like a little blood.
I think from Ohio I'm not really sure.
Little black wig like in the middle of his head you know what I'm saying like like like a hockey puck landed on his head and kind of melted.
Can't picture it. You can't picture him. He was on all the time somebody out there will know please fact just the answer what that guy's name was.
And we can even what and the picture.
We can even put him on the pool we can still get him on it's not too late.
Here's the fact from David who says I'm one of those idiots to wake up at six a.m. each morning turn on the radio automatically turn to QM to see if they still have Moe and Geldey on here.
And then disappointment said soon as I hear Moe's voice I immediately switched to 940 a.m. Fox Sports turn on the TV to check out Jackie Johnson for my daily dose of weather.
Can't stand Moe's grandpa sports talk show how can they let him stay on the areas got no sense of humor.
You may be good play by play guy but I'm hoping you won't last year is the early morning talk show guy.
Currently I think the best part of your show is when you rip into Moe keep it up. I love it says David. How do you like that?
We don't rip into Moe on the show. Do we know that I know of? Of course not.
How's he talking about we may have some of these bits on here where they make where they reference the Moe and the Geldey show.
Stuff like that but we sure we would never do that although he is pretty old and has bad varicose veins painted green and white we're hearing.
And don't be talking about this show unless you listen to it OK Moe if you listen to what you can say whatever you like in fact we welcome that we encourage that I love it.
Get you get you about 80's year we'll have a 95's year get with it.
We're going to he's got 61 votes just pulling away pouring it out in a stretch not bad for no cocker like that you know what.
Now look at this this is from the UK mirror thank you Carlos Carlos is right on top of it he's got a thumb on it.
So let me see now that we have a new I just want to see something.
A new thing now how's that going to work on my page about the order statistics and I've got to make some difference on both of Brian CD.
Oh well there there no there's no way to order it just yet.
Well what does that mean it's got to be worked out another day or two.
What language are you speaking man what are you talking about I just got all enthusiastic I got goosebumps I got so excited when I saw that cover on here and now you tell me that they still can't order it.
They still can't order it.
This is like a big tease you know it's like bringing Tom Welling down here on my patio sticking in front of the window stark naked just saying I can't touch just look you can just out here you know.
Well what is that all about I got to get the thing rigged up for the credit cards and everything and it's.
See how you make me into a liar again nice going book of Brian you bald head today and by the way you win my point you got the worst looking wig I ever saw.
I still can't believe that they actually like wears that like like on the way from his car into the building I can understand huh he's actually augmented it since he's gotten it.
Oh trimmed it here little off the sides.
I think he's going to do a peshy thing just a little bit too far in case my drift anyway the UK mirror says what a performance what a politician what a superstar.
Oh Bill Clinton played the parts of elder statesman philosopher and world leader at labor's conference and played them to perfection.
The heading on this Clinton has the vision that bush lacks he was more idealistic and visionary than during his presidency and had the experience of eight years in the White House.
He ranged over an enormous vista of domestic and international issues if the focus was on the crisis which we now which now faces the US UK and the world over Iraq.
In place of the Gunghole let's go get him right a wreck of George Bush Mr. Clinton spoke with inciting common sense while still recognizing the menace of Sodom.
This was the best articulation yet of how the Iraqi terror must be dealt with from a former president who was gone to war knows it might be necessary again but realizes what that means.
The here Mr. Clinton talk with compassionate humanity about the slaughter of innocent people by smart bombs and stress the vital importance of working with the you went through a casem between him and the warmongers in today's White House.
He also praised Tony Blair for restraining president Bush.
The mirror has often criticized Mr. Blair's brutal like behavior to the current right wing US administration and it's still deeply concerned is that if Bush goes to war unilaterally with Sodom Mr. Blair will back him.
But we do accept we may have been a little bit too slow to appreciate the quiet but important work Mr. Blair is doing in bringing America and the you went to the negotiating table together.
Bill Clinton was in a perfect president the Monica Lewinsky affair was demeaning the partens he issued was crooked mates when he quit were disgraceful and as Christopher Hitchens points out he didn't always practice what he now preaches.
But he spoke yesterday with an extraordinary passion vision and clarity that inspired the labor conference to roar from the rooftops.
It was a magnificent speech from a man who's rapidly becoming the greatest figure in world politics second only perhaps to Nelson Mandela.
How do you like that? Second only to Nelson is what they're saying maybe he's run for parliament.
He's over in Africa probably somewhere.
Yeah he knows that's a great idea and I can't see he could win.
He kicked Tony Blair's ass man are you kidding me?
And can you see in there consorting with the queen? I can just see it now.
Uh-huh. He'd have a little goose there. He'd pinch her. He was always fun unlike Bush he was always fun of us queens anyway.
Oh look at this this is from rich pacti that you just fact me oh must be something really more.
It is that no it's good it's great. Oh look at this.
Oh leave it to my close personal friend rich pacti who did a great line around the back of the restitution Bokobrion CD.
Oh no.
This is great.
In today's hero it says location location location.
I'm getting goosebumps reading this.
Wait a minute I didn't spot one of the first things here.
She was on the air down here for 22 years.
No. Where where did that come from?
Well it's an hero to get her right.
Brook Daniels for 22 years.
I don't know what that means for you.
I can't even move beyond that line.
I thought it doesn't get more ridiculous from there.
Daniels who left radio a year ago when W.I.N.Z.A.M. 940 Switched from News Talk to Syndicated Sports Talk has joined the plantation based firm of Estlenir Wooten Maxwell Realtors.
I've always believed that in radio listening to your audience is important.
By the way you want a great realty lady.
My good friend Demerio Delas will go on strong in plantation. You know Mary?
No.
What a great person she is. She told me my house.
And then she won a battle with cancer.
She was and she's still going stronger.
Get every year I get a car from Mary.
So when I start when I get ready to sell my house in about a week.
I've always believed that in radio listening to your audience is important as talking to them Daniel said in the press release.
The personal relationships I've made from doing this are the most rewarding aspect of this business.
I believe the same holds true for real estate.
Because people's decisions to buy and sell real estate are often inspired by major life changes.
Sometimes what they need is someone to really listen to their needs and handle a transaction with the caring of a good friend.
Oh.
A native of Long Island, New York.
Daniel's worked for W.I.O.D. and W.I.N.Z.A.M.
So a phone was twice named the market's best talk show host by Hoop.
By, I don't know.
By, by you.
Probably by that woman's, what is that thing that Marcha Dimes thing you know?
Oh, you know I'm talking about the air awards.
Yeah, the air are the hot air awards, right?
This is a woman who got re-hired getting her or getting a lube job.
First she had that, that waxy problem with her candle job where she got the hot wax all over her body parts,
which you don't want to say which ones.
And then she went over to get a lube job over there right across the street from her Georgian.
Carlos was sitting right now.
What else is the name of that place?
Jiffy Lube.
What else she was doing?
She was waiting for a lube job and PD Bulger who had canned her ass not long before said,
Hey, you want to come back and she said, okay, okay.
And she came back.
Yeah, she was on a, didn't they have her on in the afternoon at one point and she had like tiny teeny fractions
and then they put that other bitch on there who was boyfriend Kipkona from Oregon to tell us that she was syndicated.
What that was her name?
Liz Wild.
Oh, Liz Wild, yeah.
Webtoad Cron.
Oh my, that's a flop.
Oh, man, have they had a parade over there at Keatsammer or what?
That's gone PD.
You know how to fight them.
And of course if they weren't good enough, I mean between Gregor and then the sheep.
Yeah, they've had them all.
Try nailing the better net.
Yeah, do you think that he and Geldy were hatched like out of the same egg?
I never thought of that.
Stop a thing about that.
Who's more, that'd be a great pull question to take one day.
Who's more shrill, Geldy or the sheep?
Unbelated.
It really is.
That's how Florida radio for you, baby.
It's the best.
So Brook Daniels, best of luck to you in your real estate.
We wish you're not having a well and don't come by my pizza lot again standing there like I'm supposed to know who you are.
I'll never forget that day.
Was I doing an appearance there or was I just having dinner with them?
Really wasn't there just then there because I wasn't there.
Yeah, I was just having dinner with the rumors and I had mentioned it on the year.
And all of a sudden here comes this bigger than life figure and I knew I do mean bigger than life.
And she like kind of like waddles towards the one and then stands to it and stares at me and I thought like who the hell are you?
You know?
And then as she started talking I realized who the hell it was.
But she always acted like I was her long lost best friend.
She didn't belong on the air just to say hello.
She was the low rent Randy Rose.
And she always denied that she was ripping off Randy's act.
Why wasn't that?
I mean, I wasn't about that.
No, she denied it vehemently.
The low budget Randy Rhodes.
Not which isn't saying awful lot.
You know, Randy.
20 before 11 at 560 WQYM.
I'm getting ready to do the story here.
I better do my break, you know.
Since I mentioned pizza lot, there must be my psychic power is kicking in again.
I must be working.
The brand new pizza lot is open and I guarantee you by the time I get home in a couple of weeks it's going to be going really strong baby in plantation.
Nobhilan sunrise in a little strip shopping center on the northeast corner of nobhilan sunrise right beyond Walgreens.
The pizza lot and you heard Jeff the other day but at boring call yet boy, that was terrible.
But anyway, the good news was the same great food, everything fresh and delicious cooked to your order.
Nothing prefabricated.
Nothing heated up in microwave ovens which means you won't get any mushy side.
There's nothing worse in my book than pasta that's overcooked, you know what I mean?
Oh, it's slimy mushy.
It's like chef boy idea like Franko American.
It's mushy. You'll never get that at the pizza lot.
Everything is cooked al dente which means it's hard and they pasta to it's cooked to your order just the way you like it.
And of course they got three different kinds of great pizza, calzone, super subs, chicken, veal dishes, seafood, and the best garlic rolls anywhere on this planet.
Just dripping with garlic. You'll have to wash your hands four times after you try those and after you hang out with Jeff.
So it's probably a word famous pizza lot in baby, which probably isn't too far from Steve Ns house.
It's over there on university between Griffin and 595 behind Pier 1 in fourths and the pizza lot plans the kitty corner of the new arm and little cafe with tons and tons of free parking and the brand new pizza lot open right now.
On a corner not Dylan sunrise in plantation.
The number in a baby is 9549168080 for take out for delivery for catering 9549168080.
No delivery and plantation because they want to get it down to with science.
They want to make sure it's perfect.
But the trust is when we tell you we'll let you know.
I'm a local. This is five cities.
The radio's on your side.
You and this is CBS.
On top of rock.
It's a night on the NBC nightly news.
A new FBI report shows that Arkansas and Kentucky are among the states with the highest rate of unsolved murders in the country.
It makes sense to most officials as there are no dental records and all the DNA is the same.
I'm Tom Broca and we'll say hi.
What are you trying to say time you know sign never play those right and now you know why 1045 at 5.
See I never played those because it's a reconciled thing and I don't like sticking the taking their other.
Other other than that make that one exception.
Did I hear a spot on the last break I meant to mention this but it's a time back because we got so much heavy duty crimes flying all over the place today.
Especially if you got stuck in the elevator or couldn't get up in the elevator.
It was everybody else and by the way everyone you're welcome.
Boy all the thank yous were pouring in there.
George is the one that fixed the situation.
He opened up the door.
He got permission from the water.
Not see said if I open up these doors and you come up to stairs.
There's a big sign on there.
It says the other.
There's a silent alarm and a police will come and a fire see you should have known that they wouldn't show up anyway.
Don't you remember we had that fire alarm the one day.
I know which turned out to be bogus and nobody ever showed up anyway.
My luck in the fire station is right around the corner there on Ives Deere Road right right under corner up from Chuck subs on a like about a block from there and they never showed up.
They don't like us.
So anyway did I hear Muff say something about he likes nuts in the spot.
Yeah.
It was a spot and not this last break.
I have planters in the previous spot break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
I love the break.
You know what I mean.
What I mean?
You know what?
You know what I mean.
is considering with a Roman Catholic priest sexually abused one of his young
parishioners. David Luchon, 48 of Webster, claims the Reverend Thomas Tzar,
repeatedly punched and fondled him in 1971 when he was a 16-year-old St.
Mary's Church when he was at the Alper Boyne,
Oxbridge. But attorneys for Tzar, now 61 of Dudley, who no longer performs
priestly duties, say physical contact between the two men, never went beyond a
single back rub when Luchon was 17 and old enough to be legally
consenting. They also claim the Luchon filed his case too late under
statual limitations. Too late!
With a 17-year-old engaged in the type of contact that he thought was
harming him, Lewis A-Twa, Tzar's lawyer said during closing statements in the
case yesterday in Worcester Superior Court where the jury began
deliberations. Luchon's attorney says age is not relevant in the case. There's never
an appropriate age for an individual. This is written so poorly and it's
enough to boss and globe too I can't believe it. There's never an appropriate
age for an individual to engage in sexual conduct with his priest Laurence
Hardon said during his closing statement. H-A-R-D-O-O-N,
Howdy Proud said, Laurence Hardon. The recent sex abuse scandal in the Church
has produced a rash of civil lawsuits against priests but none so far is going
to trial. Yadi Yadi. How do you like that? A very poor,
poorly written thing there in a Boston Globe. They must have been in a big hurry
in a big rush.
Two misclil executives get sure probation terms in Missouri. Thank God for that!
We don't think that anybody involved him is clear even if they're charged
you're from phone calls you never made. We like them a lot because if Jonathan Edwards
can be on TV, if Mori Pupik and who the other ones and all these other
fakers can be on her Jenny Jones and Ricky Lake if they can be on there, if
Dr. Phil can be on there peddling phony advice, don't forget that you're in
Paul. Right and all the TV preachers
Grey Robber. Ron. At least Miss Cleo was fun. She was fun man. Come on get
your free reading. Call me now. Yeah, call me now, man. Get your free reading
for a hundred bucks. And she had the disclaimer on there. A very tiny print at
the bottom of the screen says it's a scam and a sham and you got to be a real
sucker in for entertainment only and just give us the goddamn money. Hey how
come we don't all go to jail. We work a QA and that's our motto. Just give us the
F and money. We don't give a crap about doing a job for anybody. Just give us
the money, okay? If you've got any kind of business out there we'll run some spots
for it maybe, okay? When we get around to it but in the meantime just give us your
money and that's our motto. We're proud of it. I think seldom in a
history mankind they're always talking about all the billing and they made budget
and you know we got spots up the ass. I don't know why I have no idea why. I haven't
got the faggiest idea. Even with the ratings we have on the show because there's
nobody in that sales department that really wants to do a job for anybody. Just
give us the money. Let's write the order. Get your signature on a piece of paper
and now just give us the money, okay? Because we got to make billing. That's what
it's all about and we got to get that billing way up there because if we're going
to sell this damn station we've got to you know goose those numbers up. You
notice that that the log is always like jam packed just before a radio station
gets sold? Always. Oh yeah. Sure because they want to get the billing up. Oh look
at this we build a two million last month or whatever. I don't know how much we
build on this station but an awful lot. Well that's because a lot of it is like
for Phantom mentions. Oh yeah we'll mention you four thousand. That's why when
when we had these appearances. No this is one of the biggest scams going. I've
not not commercials. You're not actually getting commercial but we'll mention you
on Neil show and the mole and the Hank and like you know for appearances and that's
why they always try to write a commercial every time you guys make an appearance
because they think they can con some of us into like you know giving them a whole
spot. I'm not going to do that. You're going to be out at some place fine. I'll
mention it but I'm not going to give like a whole minute spot there and then that's
that's what they're paying for. Mentions which is why back during that OJ
golf tournament you recall those ugly days. Remember that? Oh yeah. Oh come you're
not reading that promo. Well maybe we're not reading it because that big
sparts are extra often guy never gave it to us. He was too busy back there doing
the screw-in. Do that time to write his freaking promo. He was busy drilling
with that gigantic black builder or something something gigantic and black. I'll
say that. Don't you think? No you don't think and I'll tell you who's not too
happy about it either. It's freaking Bob Ramuth.
Gordon gives South Florida a major blowjob.
Why you came? We got done when all computers go off high. Why you came?
Everybody's gonna die. People will find it. We're burning it up. I read that in a magazine.
In a comic book store. If you believe it we end up the world and see the market
crashing again. For the millennium the long time. Start jumping away.
111 at 560 WDQ. I'm happy Thursday too. We got the mad dog at one hank of
full four hours today. Three to seven. Let's hear it from the Humper baby.
We've got over time. We got old B-05 to six. It proves nothing is perfect and
then that baseball crap. At a K after the baseball crap. Raves into giants and
then of course we got you in Mark overnight. The reason I play that Y2K thing I'm sure
you're aware is because of the story about candidate skin, blue after drink.
Yes, it's terrible. Montana's libertarian candidate for senators turned
blue from drinking a silver solution that he believed would protect him from
disease. Stan Jones, a 63 year old business consultant and part-time college
instructor, said he started taking colloidal silver in 1999 for fear that Y2K
disruptions might lead to a shortage of antibiotics. He made his own concoction
and of course this is a libertarian by the way. Right. So as I said libertarian
notice we were both compelled to do that same thing. Why is that? You realize she was
on the air for 82 years until she went into real estate in this market. I heard
she was on the air for 172 years until she finally gave up the ghost. He made
his own concoction by electrically charging a couple of silver wires in a glass of
water. This is the brilliant libertarian in Montana. His skin began turning blue
gray a year ago. People asked me if it's permanent and if I'm dead he said I
tell him I'm practicing for Halloween. He doesn't take the supplement any longer
but the skin condition called Argeria which I thought was in northern Africa is
permanent. The condition is generally not serious. This is just makes you look like
blue and gray. Kind of like you live in the sunrise lakes. The more silver
dietary supplements are marketed widely as an anti-bacterial agent or
immune system booster but some consider it crackery even the app like duck is
laughing about it. Jones is one of three candidates seeking to once he
Democratic Center Max Paucus November. The other several Republicans stay
a state senator Mike Taylor Green Party candidate Bob Keller and none of them
got a chance especially the libertarian candidate who's the blue gray maybe
ought to run instead of on the green party on the blue gray party. That might be
good. Two misplay of executives I started on this and then you got me side
track there with that crap whatever the hell it was. What was that something
about waiting. Two misplay of executives get short probation terms in Missouri.
The two four-larter-day men which we had this story yesterday here on C-Span
audio accused of building consumers of $500 million through their misplay
OTV psychic operation. Florida St. Louis yesterday pleaded no contest to felony
fraud. We're sentenced and flew right home after the corporations paid a $50,000
or five. We think that's fine with us. You know what I'm saying? Oh we're fine.
Right. Stephen L. Feeder 52 was on probation for less than an hour without
ever leaving your courtroom. Then a judge ruled that he is fine paid. He had
satisfied his probation and was free to go. His cousin Peter Stoltz 54 got
longer probation. The judge gave him a maximum of two years as lawyers had
expected that the last no more than five months. It was a very good deal. Feeder's
defense attorney Ed Dowd told reporters outside the courthouse my client paid
no fine. His corporations did and is not on probation. What he did is come
here and spend an hour in the beautiful city of St. Charles and is now back in
Florida. St. Charles Missouri is a suburb of San Louis. Missouri attorney
general Jane Nixon's office investigated the men for more than a year and filed a
total of eight felony charges against the men and their two corporations. If
it's a good deal and it's a good deal for us to Nixon set after the sentencing
they are swindlers who plead guilty to criminal action today. Prosecutors say
the case is significant because it's the first time the two defendants have
been charged with criminal acts. They're still being investigated for a civil
fraud by the FTC and several states. Why can't they leave them alone? Defense
attorneys and prosecutors work through the night. How about Ron Popeel, huh? How
about that that drying? What does that thing? Those that machine the drying tray?
They dry your Weedy hydrator. The dehydrator thing that you dry your Weedy
over at Steve M's house in David. I think we ought to give Steve M's number on
here because one is a shortage in town. There is a shortage. PD Lenny's got the
number by the way. Ask him if he needs some help. All right. If you run dry, I'm
dry. Defense attorneys and prosecutors work through the night to come up with
plea agreement. Part of it is there be no record of the man's conviction unless
they violate the probation. Feeder said his criminal record already is sealed. Is
he embarrassed by what he did? Not at all. He said he's ran from the courthouse.
In Stoltz's case, he'll have a clean criminal record unless he commits any more
frauds in misery, which he'd not as he ever did. The other requirements
according to assistant attorney general are a person. Well, it's got a whole
thing they agreed to do this and they won't do that.
Burleson estimated the miscleo operation had collected about a billion dollars
nationwide and that half of that was gained by deceit. Feeder in Stoltz said that
did that by advertising free telephone consultations with Miss Cleo, supposedly
agent making accident at psychic, but actually a Los Angeles born actress in
playwright who lives in Fort Lauderdale. And we like Miss Cleo a lot on this show.
Initially the man hired in house psychic who supposedly has them. And let me
ask you this, how come Shirley tweeters and our good post friend, what's it
in it pitched out Joe Castello from a power.
The old riff and how come they didn't wind up going to jail. They had the same
must can going. Sure. At least as far as the psychic thing, psychic my ass, okay.
Initially the man hired in house psychics who supposedly had some
qualifications, Burleson said, but after they were inundated with consumer
calls, he said they subcontracted the hiring of 250 to a thousand readers per
day. No experience necessary. The ad said the readers worked from their homes.
Colors paid 499 per minute for a reading for their free reading.
Readers had to keep them online for more than 19 minutes or they might not get any
other colors. Thousands of colors were put on hold running up hundreds of
dollars and bills without ever talking to any psychic, real or otherwise.
Both defendants owned the two telemarketing firms and feeder was in charge of
day to day operations, Burleson said. Miss Cleo, known as Yuri Harris of
Broward County Community of Southwest Ranches, there's that again, did few
readings, less than a third of 1 percent, Burleson said. She was a paid employee
and she was not charged by the way. She didn't do nothing. Miss Cleo, the
defendant's first plea did not guilty and changed to no contest me. They
acknowledged there was enough evidence to convict them. Even circuit judge Nancy
Schneider, a minute she was confused, repeatedly mistaking the defendant's
pleas for guilty. Innocent of every offense, doubtful to judge. Members of
Cupscout Packed 530 from Francis House School District watched the place to
help earn their citizenship badges, said 10-year-old Chris Carter. There was a
lot of big words. Well one thing about Miss Cleo, she was plain speaking, no big
words, just, that's basically what she said. I noticed that after I made
mentioned about the promos for these appearances that you factfully 600, 600
promos, real cutie, baby. Miguel ran that in here while you were talking about that.
Yeah, real cutie pie. Fan hits, well, I'll say these for tomorrow because although I
will say this, because I find this most amusing and typical of QAM and our
shady dealings, the one for you on Saturday, Saturday, George will be at, or
no, wait a minute. Oh, I see. Saturday, George will be at Jared
Jewelers, 1630 North Federal Highway, and four Lauderdale 1-3,
stop by to win prizes. We're just at a win of free opportunity to see that
often for the jets in New York. There's only one problem with that because before
the show today, George said to me, here we hear of Jared Jewelers and I said, no,
I said, did you ever hear of it? And he said, no. He's going to be there. Sure.
Well, that's good. I'm going to get to know them. He'll take the money. He'll take
the money and have a good time even if nobody shows up. We hope a lot of people
show up, of course, because we love our good friends at Jared Jewelers and
speak in a jewelry. What a great segue, Neil. Thank you. Al Gore seen cut by
surprise when he was act after an economic speech while he wasn't wearing his
wedding ring. Because I'd gained so much weight, I couldn't get it off.
Gore said as both he and the crowd at the Brookings Institution burst into
raucous laughter. I'm making a reassessment of my personal diet. He added,
thanking reporter for bringing the subject up. The former vice president said he
actually was able to remove his wedding ring, but then couldn't get it back on.
Life Tipper immediately stood up to point out that she was still wearing hers.
Asked a new if he would challenge president Bush and rematch their 2000
campaign, Gore said he would decide by the end of the year. I don't know if I'll
be a candidate or not. He said, I'm not going to be trying to be croi. I told
Tipper I take two years and try to get some financial security said Gore, who's
taken a job as vice chairman of Metropolitan West Financial, a Los Angeles
based financial services holding company. Tipper, Gore piped up from the front row.
Good timing, schmuck. Gore, who had criticized the administration's handling of
the economy to speech Wednesday, laughed and said, I wish I tried to do this
during the Clinton gory years. Another 20 economy was going strong when people
had two dines to rub together instead of another one. He's God damn right-wing
or recessions like we're going through now. Although the market, look at that.
Dow is up 45 and a half point. Nasdaq down six. The Dow is 78, almost almost
exactly, almost to the penny and 90 cent. 78, 100 on the Dow. 78,01, 78,00. Nasdaq, 11,81.
Can you, can you believe those numbers? It's enough to make me gag. It's enough to
make me very glad that I got out. I don't care what happens with it and go back up.
Good luck to all you. Okay. You'll need it. The one, no part of that, the
dog and pony show. The shell, it's the old shell game. Has nothing to do with
the oil in this case. It's just like they have on prices right, the old shell game.
Murder suspects arrested after Freeway Chasing California. We thought this was
going to be a real exciting story yesterday. We watched it on CNN live on folding.
Nothing happened. Three men wanted for questioning about a murder of the
thirties on a 40-minute freeway chase yesterday before their truck was forced
into a spin on a residential street. The chase started around seven o'clock
yesterday morning, shortly after slaying in Buena Park, California, Highway Patrol
Officer Jeff Perez said, information about the killing wasn't available. Well,
pick up trucks, but past meters on I-91 and adjacent freeways and streets as the
people inside through objects out of window, the speed was not immediate.
Nothing was available. It was not immediately known what was discarded.
In other words, they don't know anything. This is from USA today where they're
going, but don't we have a lot of nice, colorful pictures? The driver turned
into a residential street in this city orange about 35 miles southeast of L.A.
Police ran into the truck's rear right. We are using the so-called pit maneuver.
It sent the truck spinning into the iron fence. One of the men inside ran
hidden in clump of trees, but soon surrendered with a two other men. After the
chase ended, a Buena Park police officer shot and wounded the driver as one of
the passengers ran hidden in clump of trees. And then you know what it says?
I give up. The driver soon surrendered with the other two men. Just like it says,
USA today, man, for people who can't read, people who can't even understand on
the sea span of the year. People are just want to see those really colorful pictures
and boy, they got a lot of them, you know. In fact, even every section in USA today
has got its own special color. Have you ever noticed? I don't, I like the
weather map best. The purple section and the green section with a money green.
You follow green for the money, huh? Got it? Purple people. And for the purple
people in the people section there. And the sports, which I don't remember what
I guess it's red. Meaning that most people who gamble on sports are usually in
the red. Or maybe have something to do with red greens or red Kelly or red
Smith rest in peace. It's 11 past. I'm speaking of red Kelly. How's that hockey
team doing? I see the bronze in the Panthers. Squirrel is high last night and
that's the vision this came. Boy, I'm as must have been really exciting. God. Don't
start talking hockey. Okay, you'll get the moment. I've sent him, he'll turn it
off. He wants to do that. Neil, the bedtime story is in the sea span of the
year radio. He wants to do that. And then, and then, of course, the organ blinded.
That should be our promo now. Listen to Neil and George and Carlos Mucky
round for four hours. What's wrong with that? That would be, hey, beat your
Hollywood promo. They're running demos on that station. His parents showing his
face anymore as he liked laid out. Haven't seen him today. No, see you won't see
him anymore. He's just, he's like fading into the background. I was a good kid,
but he's, you know, he's just, they're the bad budget meetings going on, you know.
Oh, I see. And probably because of the assail that I'm hearing about. The
auditors were in. Now, maybe see the auditors were in because the budget meetings
are going on. Maybe it's just that time of the year. It's October. It's made
sense to me, huh? Right. Isn't that when most people begin their next physical
year? Is it October? Yes. In fact, speaking of physics, I think that it couldn't
hurt. PD Lenny, they out of time up and stick an animal tube up his ass and like
clean out it. Give him a high colonics. Sounds good to me. I could just see fat
boy tying his ass up. I can't. Can't you see that? Well, not if he got it for
a head start. Well, somebody'd have to hold on, you know. I can just see that
right now. Give PD Lenny clean his system up, man. He is so full of crap. It
coming out of every poor in his, in his, uh, adult body. He is just, oh, creepy. Hey,
if you love your home, but you need more space, here's the answer for our
yourself, that dilemma. Do what hundreds of other smart people like George are
doing, call our good friends at strictly addition. Whether you're having a baby,
need another room if you're converting a car, porter, patio and living space. If
you went into business for yourself, like maybe you got a boiler room going back
there, maybe Miss Clio's coming to work for you and you want to make a home
or a fist for her, call strictly additions. They're your one stop shop, your
more space for your place, place with an absolutely positively worry for your
approach to expanding your living space. Those no-shows by the contractors will
never happen with these folks. And of course, incomplete work, no chance. No
unexpected bills, no worries about the job not getting done right. And the
people at strictly additions take care of every single landstattail. They draw
up your blueprints. They get the building permits for you and they handle all
inspections too. Here's their five step easy approach to total customer satisfaction.
First, they call the schedule a free project evaluation appointment right in
your house at your home where a project estimator will determine the scope of
your addition. Secondly, they schedule a bit appointment in their convenience
room where you get a detailed proposal and an exact price to the penny for the
work. Third, select your finishing touches, go to contract, fourth review that
is on architectural drawings and then five sit back and relax with a big smile
on your push as your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable
quality. It's a piece of cake. Give strictly additions a call, nine five four seven
nine one eighty one hundred. They serve all the brow in the South Palm Beach. You
can look at their ad in yellow pages if you like. They're licensed. They're
insured professionals who care about doing a super job for you. Nine five four seven
nine one eighty one hundred. Tell them that Neil and old PD landing tourty to
call strictly additions. Hey, it's Alan. How it David. Welcome back to the Mohaw
David show where we're jukeful as any but good clean family fun. You know that
pipe smoke and jizz guzzler thinks rape is funny. Is that funny? Playing
scratching at the buildings is funny too, huh? But but but since when it's
being rape funny, especially when it's me getting my teeth back grabbed it.
Stop. Where the jack is? Hey, I've got them hurry key. Well, then on a
dokel tap there. So when I talk, this is important. They don't know comedy. I'll
show them comedy. Today I brought my collection of Luminabinate tapes.
Oh, Luminabinate? Yeah, more on. They even named the restaurant after Lumin.
Uh oh. Yeah, you cluelish. Muk. We'll get back to that later. Right now it's
time for our transcendent mid show snack. Bring the morning mayor his
food. Oh, here they are. My favorite place to die. I got some bokeh. Dig in
every buddy. What is it? It's mint. Looks like a donut. So it's the
vained embryos from plant-parenthood in the hood. But it's good. Try it with the
cocktail sauce. Hey, Beast, for $1 scoop of wreckage.
There's a little atmosphere for you to help you go down the gullet.
Yeah, baby, I really dig $1 scoop of seed. I'm with it. I'm hip. I'm a hip.
Steve. If these ones only know what to squint.
Yeah, that's a more transcendent here. When you're belly.
Thanks, Mo. All right. We got the meathead mad dog coming up at
one followed by that fat Joe right after the quay and the split. What's that?
It's a plate. It's in a right for your ass. Well, the double quay.
1119 at 560 W. I'll tell you one thing, man. He's off in a league of his own.
You know what? On our poll today. Who do you think has got the worst looking
hair piece in the world? Mo Howard David 94. I think they're probably checking
that QM website. James Traffick at 68. He's putting in a good battle.
Sand Donaldson 47. Marvelous Marvelous Marvel 31. Henry framed 18.
Wasn't he a good frame to be yours? I just changed. It just changed. You're
going to hate that. Mo's got 94. James Traffick at 68. Sand Donaldson 47.
Marvelous 32. Henry framed 18. Burr Reynolds 17. Not bad. Bill Shatton or 11.
Elton John 7. Well, it's got seven. Charlton Heston 4. Tony Curtis 3.
Lyle Menendez has got three. Bob Eisenberg appear. Aaron Brown is up to two.
See now that we spelled its name right. It's getting a couple of votes.
Sean Connery and Martin Landau and Tony Bennett and Michael Douglas each have one
and Paul Simon don't have any. I don't know. Now you just made that up.
Didn't you about Paul Simon were in a piece that came from Carlos? He saw it on a site.
I see. Well, I've had only nobody believes you Carlos. Sorry.
And nobody believes you just picking on him because he's Jewish. That's all because
he's married to Eddie Brickell who's tall. That's a good reason. Oh, it makes me want to play that
bit again. I'm almost a medium. It was a good bit. I'd like I said New Jersey High Court
rules in favor of Democrats, such as they are. Well, listen, you know, the other
candidate couldn't win. To resell it. So they got to put somebody in. I might have a shot.
These states of pink court rule yesterday Democrats can replace outgoing Senator Robert
Toreselli on the November 5th election ballot while Republicans who have promised an appeal
open a second front in the federal court. Toreselli dropped his reelection video yesterday
after a Monday rather after scandal that sent him tumbling in the polls. Democrats want to
replace him with former Senator Frank Lautenberg, but Republican candidate Doug Forster argued
that state law requires candidates must withdraw at least 51 days before election day
to be replaced on the ballot. There are just 34 days left until the election. A lawyer for New
Jersey's 21th County clerks told the states of Supreme Court yesterday it was still feasible
to put Lautenberg on a ballot before election day. Democrats put the price tag at $800,000
and the attorney John Carbone said of court challenges by the Republicans ragged the process
beyond two of the Wednesday of next week. It will be too late to reprint the ballots in time.
The attorney for Forster has said the GOP intends to take the case all the way to the US Supreme
Court to keep Toreselli's emanabale. So we're right back where we were two years ago.
You see what's going on here? When we had that 5 to 4 vote in the Supreme Court and they said
I stop counting votes, okay, Bush won. And I have this, I'm not going to pre-judge, okay?
If there will be several fascists on the Supreme Court, as the party's awaited the ruling,
lawyers for Forster said they would go to attorney general John Ascroft and file a
federal voting rights lawsuit to force election officials to mail out absentee ballots
with Toreselli's name on it. If ballots are mailed soon, voters overseas, especially
US military personnel, could be denied their right to vote to force their attorney Bill Baroni.
There are absentee ballots that are destined for overseas to shifts in basis that are involved in New
Jersey every day every minute those ballots are in the false, is this in franchising these military voters?
He said, and of course we most of them vote Republican anyway.
The action is separate from the case before the New Jersey Court Baroni said the New Jersey race
is considered pivotal in Democratic efforts. So there one seat control of the Senate Republicans argued
would be a set a horrendous precedent to change candidates this close to the election
because the nominee is tanked in the polls and put it out that some absentee ballots have been cast
or distributed already. Republican said that Toreselli should stand a ballot
because he withdrew after the 51-day deadline. The Democrats argue there was legal precedent
favoring a competitive election over the expense of developing new ballots.
Attorney General David Samson, no relation to the shift moisture that owns the Amarlins,
David Samson, a monitor selection told the court yesterday that they would be printing a new balance
with the name of a new Democratic candidate. They could be performed without jeopardizing the race.
We are not past the point that the trainers move so far down the track that we can't do what needs to be done.
How do you like that? So the US Supreme Court may be where this is decided and of course you know what they're going to say don't you?
Yeah, I do.
Toreselli, baby, get his name back on there right away.
Speaking of crooks, Enron's fastout faces jail and restitution is what this is here.
And now one of our favorite things is restitution.
The former chief financial officer of Enron Corpus Charge yesterday in connection with his rule in the company's financial collapse.
The charges against Andrew S. Fastout for the include securities fraud, wire fraud, mail fraud, money laundering and conspiracy
report CBS news correspondence Stephanie Lambert-Dakus.
The criminal complaint ledges fastout others devised the scheme to defraud Enron and its shareholders through off-the-book partnerships which made the company look more profitable than what it was.
Fastout and his co-conspirator systematically and thoroughly corrupted the business of one of the largest corporations in the world, Deputy Attorney General Larry Thompson told the Washington News conference.
I can tell you that we're going to get to the bottom of what happened to Enron and every single person who was engaged in criminal or any other perfect conduct will be brought to justice Thompson added.
Fastout submitted voluntarily the FBI's headquarters in Houston yesterday morning.
Also yesterday the SEC filed a related civil suit against fastout alleging that he defrauded investors and violated securities laws.
The SEC is seeking unspecified civil money penalties against him and repayment of his allegedly ill-gotten gains.
Oh and speaking of ill-gotten, wait until you hear this, you're going to love this.
Yeah.
Oh man, in fact, let me cue up the appropriate comment for this one moment please.
One moment please, where the hell is it? Here it is.
One million thousand dollars.
No, that's not what I did that thing.
Here it is.
Get out of here.
Okay, go see our little Cleo.
You know, it's not going to be worth it now.
You know, I mean, in other words, when there's the long pause for all the nonsense.
It's not going to be worth it when I finally get to where Mad Dog says, only in the Banana Republic baby, only in Miami.
Yes it was.
During the past 17 years the Washington-based Center for Democracy has monitored elections in ten developing countries from Manel Salvador and Nicaragua to Russia and the Philippines.
Come November, Dave County might land on that list.
See, see the reasoning here?
Yeah.
While the nonprofit nonpartisan think-takers promoted democracy around the world and these Banana Republic countries, it had never been invited look in election in the West until now.
Today the group's president and CEO, Alan Weinstein, is flying into town into Miami for a whirlwind of meetings with county election officials and county commissioners to discuss exactly what it can offer.
And at what price to help ensure the November five elections run smoothly?
Assistant County Attorney Murray Greenberg, who contacted the group of the behest of commissioners, said the meetings will decide whether the county works with this group or seeks assistance from somebody else.
There are only a few nonpartisan U.S. organizations that routinely do this kind of monitoring.
We're monitoring you.
If it appears to staff Alan Weinstein that there's a potential to monitor the elections to give a report at the end and we can agree on the terms then we'll put out a resolution to hire them before the commission on October 8th Greenberg said.
The Center for Democracy has got an impressive list of credentials.
Its board of directors includes some really anxious people, Henry Kissinger and Senators Jew Lieberman and that right-wing bitch K. Bailey Hutchinson from Texas.
It boasts commendations from former presidents of El Salvador and the Philippines, among others, thanking the group for having to restore democracy in their countries and MLD Marcos actually donated a few pair of shoes for them too.
How do you like them apples, huh?
We have to bring in an outside group to monitor the elections just to make sure that Dave County don't have more hanky-panky going on again and David Lay, he still has his jaw.
How does that possible, huh, David?
I think you ought to go into real estate with Brooke, you know what?
Don't you think that's a great idea?
I think a neutral party should monitor those elections.
You know that he's been elections officer in Dave County for 78 years?
And Brooke, just before she took that real estate job, Brooke was just beginning her 200th year in broadcasting.
I'll tell you what, think if it's in a hero, you better research it, okay?
That's my best advice to you. If it's in a hero, doubt it.
It does sound like you.
Overworked, underpaid, stuck at a dead end job, underappreciated, then do yourself a favor pick up the phone and call the great people of fast train at their tool free number.
1-866 fast train. The demand for certified computer professionals has never been bigger and better than is at this moment.
And fast train can help you achieve a brand new money making career and is little less for months.
Fast train is soft, Florida's largest certified Microsoft printing center with locations in Pembroke Pines, Fort Lauderdale, Miami, and that brand new one in Kendall.
Fast train offers convenient day evening and weekend classes. They got full time job placement department over 30 years experience.
So if you're overworked, underpaid, underappreciated, or stuck at some horse ball dead end job, don't wait one more minute.
Pick up the phone and call fast train tool free at 1-866 fast train.
Think about it and just for sure, months you'll be on your way to becoming a high paid computer professional in a career with greater earning potential.
Take my advice. Listen to Todd Rack, he knows his crap. Pick up the phone and call fast train tool free at 1-866 fast train.
In fact, he'll tell you where to get some good crap too. That's 1-866 fast train or check them out on the web if you like it fast train.com.
Find and local. Your sports video 560. You a you a yeah.
Oh, that the Lord even loves neo-rodgers.
I'm going on my knees so I can wear a fight.
Oh, the passion mushroom mushroom all the way. I prayed for the painful death to teach in USA.
I'm going on my knees so I can wear a fight.
I'm going on my knees so I can wear a fight.
I'm going on my knees so I can wear a fight.
I'm going on my knees so I can wear a fight.
I'm going on my knees so I can wear a fight.
I'm going on my knees so I can wear a fight.
I'm going on my knees so I can wear a fight.
I'm a 32-560 WTQAM.
Now did you see the name of this guy in the story about the Iraqi official suggested duel?
No. His name is Tahah Yasin Ramadan.
Oh, candy.
And a Iraqi Vice President offered a unique solution to the U.S. or back standoff a duel between George W. Bush and Sannos Zain.
I'm all for it.
Tahah Yasin Ramadan said the duel could be held at a neutral site.
And with you and Secretary General Kofi on and as the referee
Ramadan wearing a green uniform in a black parade made his remarks without giving any outward sign that he was joking
Although reporters who were present they take a note of irony in his voice
He kept going he he he like that
Kind of like Greg always does a present against the present and a vice president against the vice president and a
Dual takes place if they're serious and in this way
We're saving the American and the Iraqi people Ramadan totally associate a press TV network
Iraq has two vice presidents and Ramadan did not say whether he or Taha muhi Eldin Marouf would take on dig Cheney
Ramadan also said that his government was not concerned by US lawmakers support of a
Resolution congressional resolution that would authorize the president to use military force against Iraq
We pay no attention to this issue
We said adding that approving such a resolution makes no difference to Iraq
Ramadan criticized US efforts to delay the return of UN weapons inspectors to Iraq until the security canceled up stuff or measures
That would give the inspectors broad new powers to hunt for weapons of mass destruction and provide them with military backing
He said such efforts were aimed at hampering the inspection process
The Americans were surprised by the agreement reached by Iraq and the UN so the reaction was unbalanced
He said referring to the deal in Vienna Tuesday between Iraq and you were you achieved you went in the weapons inspector Hans Blitz
So there you go how about a duel, huh as what he said?
We're kind of moving right along moving right along
Because you're gonna say something tasteless and something bad and then we'll have the secret service in there and a whole buy and then they'll get stuck in the elevator and you're asked
You probably get deported with the show of working by the show shut up. Oh the elevator still ain't working. No
Isn't that something?
So how's Fatboy gonna waddle up get upstairs? He's not isn't that something so fat
Well, what is he doing just hanging out in the parking lot down there all day?
Man working out of his house today. I see
When in doubt he's working. I thought maybe he'd go over like to treasure Island or something
Huh for quick hand jobs. I wouldn't be a client call. That's actually working
You see a youngest daughter of civil rights leader Martin Luther coon Jr said jokes about her father in the movie barbershop or
Disrespectful and she took them as a personal act of instability. How do you like that? How to her? I don't think so a
Very disparaging unfounded comment was made about my father the Reverend Bernice a king. Oh, she's a Reverend too
Must run and must run in the family adds up the Reverend Bernice a king to a little bit more than 300 at Penn State
Berend on Tuesday in Erie, Pennsylvania during an hour long speech
But you know something anybody who would hang out in Erie, Pennsylvania deserves whatever kind of crap they get
You know what a horrible place. I'd rather be in Dunkirk or for don't your James down myself wouldn't you you bet
You ever been in Erie in fact. That's like one step away from Gary in the end
Oh, it's like a step away from Lima, Ohio
It's like about three steps away from Misha walk in Indiana and you saw the Misha go in well what they were doing there without the bitch that too good bitch in
Misha walk
Anyway getting back to a Martin Luther coon do the doon years of daughter her comments came as the Reverend's Jesse
Oh, you see who's running for president
Her comments come as the Reverend Jesse Jackson Al Sharpton called on MGM to remove scenes that derived Martin Luther coon Jr
In Rosa Parks while the producers of barbershop have apologized for the films barbs MGM says it will not edit them out
Oh, we say good for them good for them have a little bit of backbone and MGM
Okay, in fact, that's one more reason why when I go to Vegas. I stay at the MGM
How do you like that? I'm gonna plunge my brains out extra next time I'm there. I don't have to do extra
I lose my ass
I
I lose more in one weekend in Vegas than you make in a year, but anyway, not not real
You make in six months in the scenes of Barbara named Eddie played by why we've been through all of that okay
But I'll read it again. It's worth it in the scenes of Barbara named Eddie played by C. Brick the entertainer jokes about King's alleged
Promethuity he also says Parks wasn't the first to refuse to give up her bus seat
Which he was given credit because she was connected to the NAACP others in the barbershop immediately condemned Eddie for being disrespectful as the mad dog would say
That's disrespectful. Well, I notice he's back today after taking a busman's holiday yesterday in Joe Rose working
Barbershop has growth more than 51 million dollars since it came out three weeks ago
It was the number one film in the country for two consecutive weeks King's daughter the assistant pastor of greater rising star Baptist
Church in Atlanta said the film was a personal act for me of instability
She urged people to be more mindful of how they treat one another and perform acts of kindness to overcome evil spirits
If the center of our relationships was unconditional love, I think we'd see much more kindness
I think we'd see much more politeness. She said God damn it. How do you like that? Huh?
Like you say oversensitive bitch
There's nothing worse than oversensitive dark people. You know, I'm saying they just lighten up a little bit. We'd like them a lot better
Moe Howard David is top 100 mark. He's top the century mark not only in age, but also in votes now
Who do you think has got the worst looking here piece in the world Moe Howard David 101 James traffic can't those given or run for it
He's got 72 nobody a fascist to name it at twerp. Oh
God I wish I knew his name right wing Republican. He was on every day on a guy on the damn penis skate stuff
On every talking head network come on some of you people out there must know the worst little silly SP some pretty sure he's from Ohio
awful guy
Sam Donaldson 52
Marv Albert 34 Henry Frans guy 20 which is pretty good considering most people don't realize he's the former superintendent of schools from Dave County that got
Can he was in duct. Oh, man was he a Bozo
Burr Reynolds 18 Bill Shattner 12 Elton John got 11
Woodwards got seven Charleston five Tony Curtis three Lyle Menendez has got three still he stuck and can't get out
Bob Eisenberg a pair Aaron Brown still with two and now everybody's got one
Sean Connery Martin Landau Tony Bennett Michael Douglas and Paul Simon each have one 347 votes
But most seems to be the leader of the pack if we can see that can we say that
You just did now which is the bit where they were he's playing the leader of the pack. Oh
I know which one it is okay
21 till noon at 560 W. Kim like I said the mad dog is back today after a well-deserved day off yesterday
Boxing that these guys on this station put in some real heavy duty hours and more power to them fewer hours more money
That's the deal big bucks fewer hours. That's what we want work
Maybe one or two days a year get paid about six times what we're getting paying right now
We'd say all right. Okay sounds good to us bring on those new owners. Okay, and let's hope they pay us on time for change
You know, there's never been a better time speaking of money to buy a new home or refinance that existing home
Because the rate of 3.95 percent sounds absolutely unbelievable. That's right
financial group can offer you an unprecedented
3.95 percent if you just pick up that phone and get the information about it
There's no obligation. Just call financial group. They'll answer all your questions. How this works call 1-800-940
L-E-N-D. That's 1-800-940
53-63 the money you're going to save is amazing think about it
You can get yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan for only four hundred and fifty bucks a month or a two hundred thousand dollar loan for only
950 bucks a month the process is simple. You'll save yourself thousand bucks each year
So pick that thing up and call our good buddies the folks at financial group at 1-800-940 land
There's never been a smarter time to get you a low interest rate
Confidential group and you'll be on a way to save a lot of cash. They're an equal housing lender
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change so call them right now
Why do you be thinking about it call 1-800-940 L-E-N-D that's 1-800-940 53-63
My life and look all this is 4.0560
I'm here thanks for being nice to me today, Mom. Don't mention it Goldie
You're not gonna get raped again today. I am out. Yeah, you know why why's that?
No because rates not funny, but I ain't gonna be a mean man no more if they think that's funny. It's fine by me
Wow, you really changed your way. I forget about it. I'm turning over all new fig Newton leaf
You have a nice day and power nice my cuttley friend. Hey, whoa look out for that truck
Oh
Moe look like a shapeless pile ago
Show my respect
I
Wasn't even told before that master boosted my shoes
It's a
It's
I'm gonna say his wig is doing pretty good
I think if he would be doing his good in the numbers as his wig is doing he'd be have 80s year
103 votes went in the landslide today
Plot thickens for Martha are good close personal friend
A brokerage assistant involved in an insider trading probe surrounding home decorating expert Martha's store played a guilty to Wednesday to meet a
Mr. Meener yesterday cutting in the old prosecutors that signals further legal trouble for Stewart
Douglas fan you old 26-thirty guilty is part of it evil to testify against two or another's who might be
Charging connection with sales of incloan shares last December just before the stock price plunged
On news that the FDA would not review a timely touted cancer drug urban talks
In court feign will say that during his interviews with law enforcement officials
I did not truthfully reveal everything I knew about the actions of my immediate supervisor and the true reason for the reason for the
TIPP sales he was the tipper and she was the TIPP like that
Yeah, I like it. I thought that was somebody who'd like drank beer by the yard
You ever drink beer? I one of those long glasses. They had those long thing. Oh, you know, I never had you've heard about that though
Sure, I've seen in in the pubs in Boston at least when I lived there, which is like 40 years ago
But that was a very big thing drinking beer by the yard
And supposedly get like just
No time and I like heartables and fairs they sell those all the time
So it doesn't that make you also the TIPP like tipper gourd or just TIPPsy
Merrill Lynch where fan you work handles Stuart sailed nearly 4,000 incloan shares
Fan you'll reportedly had accepted Nick's tickets and exchange for hiding his knowledge from investigators of the legend
Sider stock deal involving Stuart court paper said he received next week of vacation in a free airline ticket
Stuart's name did not appear in the criminal information file yesterday before the magistrate man had an incredible court
Prosecutors are still trying to determine if Stuart was tipped off by her friend Sam Waxle and cloned stonda
Renex CEO or her Merrill Lynch broker Peter Beckonovic who was fan you was boss every time I see that name
I think of Peter Bogdanovich why is that I don't know their close
Very similar, but the board goes back not a match. That's what what's his name said our James remember our James unconsentration
Yes
In fact, we understand that John Ascroft in the spirit time is going to host the Bush administration's new version of concentration camp
Now that speaking of that this business about the world's funny is joke that you fact me that somebody sent him yeah, or did Carlo
I see I'm so sorry
Because most of the most of the stuff you send has been so good, but look nobody's perfect
This is from Reuters so you have to understand this is a work thing
It says after a year of painstaking scientific research the world's funniest joke was revealed today
The world's funniest joke are you ready for this?
You read it? Yeah, no one you sound bored in a project described as the largest ever scientific study into humor the British Association for the advancement of science
also known as bass
As internet uses around the world to submit their favorite jokes and rate the funniness of other people's offerings
More than 40,000 jokes from 70 countries and two million credit critiques later. This is it. This is supposed to be the funniest joke
In history according to the Brits
200's are out in the woods, but one of them collapses
He doesn't seem to be breathing in his eyes are glazed the other man pulls out his phone and calls emergency services
He gasps to the operator my friend is dead. What can I do the operator in a comm soothing voice replies take it easy
I can help first. Let's make sure he's dead. There's a silence that a shot is heard
Back on the phone the hunter says okay now what
You notice even Brooke isn't laughing
She she's not even chuckling
See just a little tiny one
Just like that
The funniest joke in a world the one of the worlds in the shape it's in today. I heard Rick Riley give like a look like that
Researchers found significant differences between nations in types of jokes they found funny and of course Joe Pesci said you think that's funny
Who else said that like remember in the network
They were all about what's his name bill holden was telling that joke again about taking me to the foot of the George Washington bridge
Right and the news guy he comes is and I you think that's because they're all cracking up in the news room
You think that's funny. They just uh to the want to put Howard Beal back on you're doing his angry man thing
Remember that what's wrong with being angry to put a profit denouncing the hypocrisy of our times
That is that's got to be in my in my book because there's so many stupid people out there the most under appreciated movie of all time next to dead
Bolt with Adam what's his name Baldwin Baldwin
That was a pretty good flick and you're right if there's a movie on that you haven't seen before why not give it a shot
Yeah, absolutely at my name be a sleeper. I enjoyed it
I even miss guiding light yesterday or at least most of it so that I could watch that movie was on from two to four on showcase
Deadbolt with what's your name again jackwell and um justine baitman justine baitman and Adam Baldwin
And the movie was from 10 years ago, which means he was 30 then I'll tell you forgot to look 30
He was still look pretty good to me and he's a good actor and I didn't watch it just because he was in it
All I will say I am mesmerized by Adam. I don't know why I mean there's better looking guys to Adam Baldwin
But he is mesmerizing. They're just something about him, you know
You just want to like take a peek at it
People from the UK the Republic of Ireland, Australia, New Zealand preferred gags involving wordplay such as patient
Doctor. I've got a strawberry stuck up my bum. Doctor. I've got some cream for that
And they and they do say that by the way, leave the bomb is short. Yeah, I know
Oh, which cracks me up. They could be saying something deadly serious and if it's so cracky
Okay
Americans in Canadian and all Canadian jokes are the all-time worst okay
It always involves those two guys in mousse jaw or something, you know
Americans Canadians favorite jokes where people were made to look stupid
Texan where are you from Harvard grad? I come from a place where we do not end our sentences with prepositions
Texan okay, where are you from jackass
Meanwhile many Europeans like gags that were surreal or made light of serious subjects such as illness death and marriage
A patient says dr last night. I made a Freudian slip
I was having dinner with my mother-in-law. I wanted to say could you please pass the butter but instead I said you silly cow you completely ruined my life
Why
Oh
I think I think that's enough
Although here death earned big laughs in Scotland. I wanted to peacefully in my sleep like my grandfather not screaming in terror like his passengers
That's not bad. Good. I like that. Come on brook you can do it with I mean after 72 years on the air in South Florida a little chuckle is in order
And animals figured prominently take the number one joke in England. Oh, this ought to be good two weasels
Say I knew there be jirbles involved if it's in England
Two weasels are sitting on a bar stool one starts to insult the other when he screams
I slept with your mother the bar gets quiet as everyone listens to see what the other weasel will do
The first yells again. I slept with your mother the other says go home bad you drunk
Like I said
Oh man
I'm watching this thing you just faxed me from gene lines who that was that I don't know
But it's also the one you faxed me that's about a hundred pages the bush plan for Empire the presence real golden Iraq by a j-bookman
Yes from bushwatch I already got that I think whoever sent that but it's very long
You know I'm ready for the proficiously appropriate moment to read it since I'm sure that we got plenty of time
Since we're not all this panamericanism is coming back Teddy Roosevelt would he even he be embarrassed
I think I'll tell you what let's start slow. Let's invade the Philippines
Get all of them down shoes back from a milk or Teddy right now just just as revenge for what's it an Andrew cananon
Let's just invade the Philippines all along and he said they smelled bad over there remember that right
Oh and speaking of that
The room around the room around a building is which I'm surprised what you must have been out in the hall trying to get the elevator working again
But PD Lenny told me that our good close personal friend great was in the tea room
This morning after Moe went in there and dropped a little little number
And PD opened up the door and there was Greg on his hands and he sniffed around the edges of the bowl
And he says he's right his Schmidt don't stink
Can you believe that?
No oh
Meet the new boss same as the old boss now. What is this about?
Because I got published it's about bush. Well, I got more I got other bush stuff
CIA rejects requests for report on preparations for war in Iraq
The CIA has refused to provide Congress a comprehensive report on its rule in a possible American
Campaign against Iraq setting off a bitter dispute between the agency and leaders of the Senate and television committee
Congressional leaders said yesterday and a contentious closed door Senate hearing yesterday
Agency officials refused to comply with the request from the committee for a broad review of how the intelligence
Communities plan this and rule against the government of Sodom was saying would be coordinated with the diplomatic and military actions
That the Bush administration is planning law makers said they were further in sense because the director of the CIA George
Tenet who had been expected to testify about the rack report didn't even appear at the classified hearing
A senior intelligence official said mr. Tenet was meeting with president Bush
Instead the agency was represented by the deputy director John McLaughlin and Robert Wallpole the national intelligence officer for
Strategic and nuclear programs
The agency rejected the committee's request for a report after the rejection congressional leaders accused the administration of not providing the information out of fear of revealing divisions
Among these state department CIA Pentagon other agencies over the Bush administration's fought a strategy in Iraq
Government officials said the agency's response also strongly suggested that mr. Bush had already made important decisions
And how to use the CIA in a potential war with Iraq one senior government official said it appeared that the CIA did not
Monteration and assessment of the Bush strategy that might appear to be second guessing of the president's plans
The dispute was just the latest of several confrontations between the CIA and Congress over access to information about a range of domestic and foreign policy matters
Just last week lawyers for the general accounting office and vice president Cheney argued in federal court over whether the White House
Must turn over confidential information on the energy policy task force that mr. Cheney headed last year
I'm gonna tell you man this stanched even smell it all the way up here, eh
That's eminating from down there
I mean we got people running in the country right now many of whom ought to be in jail the ought to be behind bars
Those in-run people their small potatoes compared to what's going on there and we're going
Hey, yeah, let's let's go get on. Let's uh, yeah, when one for the jipper or something like that and that how it goes
Parachute mystery at marine base
Yes, so Greg was sniffing around the edges of the bull
Suspension lines on 13 parachutes were cut before a training exercise last month forcing three jumpers to use their reserve shoots
The Marine Corps said this week the tampering was discovered September 21st when five Marines jump from a C17 aircraft during heavy equipment
parachute training at Camp Lejeune
Three parachutes malfunctioned and the jumpers used reserve shoots to land safely a statement from the Marines said and inspection showed the lines of the three
Perichutes had been cut in a way to avoid detection the statement said at least none other shoots still packed and waiting on shelves and warehouses
Were found with similar problems
It was unclear where the 13 sabotage parachute was found a call to Camp Lejeune public affairs
Of course was not returned main investigators and agents from the naval criminal investigative service are looking for a possible
Savature, you know who I think it might be hope
I think it might be somebody we haven't talked about on the show in a long time. He's an Ojoan provocateur
Yeah, I'm sure rhymes with provide might be dick fatherly. Isn't he dead
That's what I heard. I think he's still dead by the way
That could be wrong. Who do you think has got the worst looking hair piece in the world the worst looking piece?
Mohawar david 107
James traffic can't 80
San Donaldson 56
Uh, Marv Albert 36 Henry friamed is up to 21 now. He's moving up the ladder
Burnt Reynolds 19 Bill shatner 13 Elton john 12 everybody else in single digits
Everybody else has got a single digit
Speaking of your hair by the way, I think it's a great lead in for Chuck Alphierry don't you?
Mm-hmm because that's the choice you've got guys you can either look like some of these clowns on this list
Or you can look like a munch
You can look like you got real hair on your head instead of like some horrendous rotest animal from outer space
Just fluid and plop right down on your forehead
So if you've got that big ball spot and you'd like to get to her back
Which help you make look a lot better and also younger as well
Here's the answer for it Charles Alphierry's natural hairline system
And I keep in town you for years and years now
This is why even many of the people with the most money in the world
They go to Charlie if they're smart because they know that for no amount can they get a better looking head of hair
Than the natural hairline system it looks like the hair is really going out of your scalp
Instead of what I just mentioned only moments before no holes in the head no blood dripping down your forehead
No, no dangerous pills to take that don't work anyway
Just a great looking head of hair
And when you call Charlie be sure mentioned you arrived with putty to make that call because you'll get you
A special $200 discount off the regular price and don't forget Charlie also services and repairs all types of hair systems
Why you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks and you have nothing to lose but that big our rebalt spot because
His system is fully guaranteed if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells
If you're not getting ahead at least 15 times today
Charlie will give you a full refund
So pick up that phone and make that call today
They'll bring in for a free consultation and I'll actually show you just how much better and younger
They can get you guys to look call one 800 three to one 24 13
That's one 800 three to one 24 13 or log on to Charles Alfieery.com
This is 4205
Now I do believe it be the one to 12 hours coming up tonight
On inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
We take a good hard stiff look and to start
When a woman has only one hit song she can either give up the business and work in retail or simply
Nari Paul Simon and give a big
You to the world way to go
Evie Perkel
Well, um, I remember when I first recorded what I am I had been playing the clubs with my band and new bohemians of course and um well
Yeah, that's really interesting. He did so much Paul Simon lag in the shack
What he seems like kind of a nebash you know, but sometimes of short and erotic guys of a pretty decent package
Look um could we out of respect talk about music?
Okay, I'm sorry. Let's talk about music. Okay. Thank you that Paul Simon sure is some songwriter. I love you can call me out
Hey, hey look cut that out
You're right, Edie. I'm sorry. Let's talk about you. All right then as I was saying what a fucking brilliant idea
I mean you have one hit you can tell your career is going down the tube. So what do you do you bang a legend
My hats off to you babe. You know what? I'm going to sue you people tell the truth as Garfunkel ever come over for a three-way go to hell
Evie Perkel
It's so easy to piss her off
It's a big juicy stopping wet look at your business tonight on inside the behind
You know what I find just a little bit ironic that the Republicans are screaming foul in New Jersey because god forbid
We should have any like you know hanky-panky in elections. Oh, yeah
So let's go back to our good nine friends on the supreme court
Let's go back to the supreme and see how what tuned to anisee in this week
This is basically what it boils down to oh
Here's some great news. I know you're gonna be very excited about this
Soundtrack for the king still rains baby
It's still raining
These days
He's
Anyway Elvis may have left the building but he's still in the record store and he's managed to sell a half million copies of his new disc
Today, you would number one on the album chart
Not only did Elvis 30 number one hits debut at number one in the US
It taught the charts in 16 other countries including the UK
Canada
France and Australia
It's the first ever Elvis album today be with the top of the charts in the US
According to industry figures released yesterday
It's sold a little more than a half a million copies already and that's just in the US
The disc was boyed by a massive marketing campaign from press release record label rc a records and by the hoopla
Surrounding the 25th anniversary of Elvis's death back in august which we of course celebrated a great length on his show
The debut of Elvis 30 number one hits at the top of the chart speaks as much to Elvis's future
So does it was past at rc a music group chairman Bob Jamison which means they aren't finished exploiting him yet
The album includes classics including love me tender return to sender are you loans him tonight jale house rock burning love and this piece of crap
Although I will say this much at least on this particular mix
Mm-hmm because this uh this guy better got three at least this one
He doesn't sound like he's off in a in a barrel somewhere you know best mix ever but still
Yeah, but and that's the sure one but the other one oh
Yeah, even the music sounds like it's coming through a strainer down that
Elvis versus J.H.L
If you don't need those parts is in here try to exploit Elvis
The last thing you need
Boy in a white man in the dead
Yeah
Rinsy already come on open up the bar
Be done. What's in the box
You see what I mean sounds like he's like about a hundred miles away
Mutu
House deals online gambling a blow
The house tried to strike a blow against internet gambling yesterday with passage to a bill to make it illegal to use credit cards
Or any form of electronic payment for the illegal offshore activity. How do you like that huh?
I sure hope we don't I sure hope we don't lose any money here on wqn because of this barbaric
I'll behavior of the congress
We have all these important things going on in the world of what are they worried about online gambling
We shut off the money. We shut off the sites that representative Spencer Beck is republicoon of Alabama
As once again those right wingers show their repressive heads
The bill passed the house on a voiceboat and now go through the senate where it faces an uncertain future
Because only a few weeks are left in the legislative session as we be known
It may be impossible to keep illegal gambling sites off the worldwide web
But it is entirely possible for rent American credit card companies from completing these transactions
That these cooks need to make their money and that's what this bill does says representative Joseph pit
Republican of Pennsylvania
Experts estimate that revenues from internet gambling largely conducted by offshore companies because of a ban in the US
Could exceed 4.2 billion dollars next year
The bill champion by representative James leach Republican of Iowa would make it a crime for your gambling business to accept credit cards
Sex or fund transfers in connection with unlawful internet gambling internet gambling serves no legitimate purpose in our society
He said it's a danger to the family. It's a danger to society at large
Is what leach said how do you like that? Have you always felt that way by internet gambling? Oh, terribly threatened
Huh all the time
Crap my pants I'm so worried about it. And of course you see what the next spot is coming up on the law
That's right
Since internet gambling sites are overseas and beyond a reach of US law enforcers
American officials can seek injunctions against American banks and credit card companies to try to stop them from processing any credit card
Transaction or other financial instrument will they specify illegal internet gambling site lawmaker said internet gambling
Especially praise on college age youth who have access to credit cards and computers
But no way pay the bills they run up. What's wrong with college age youth anyway, huh?
I like college age youth. Yeah, who doesn't? I think this is an extremely important bill for all America
But especially for our youth who use computers for hours and hours every day say representative James LaFalci a Democrat of New York
or a Democrat
government invest it is with the GAO said last week that internet gambling is susceptible to money laundering and related
Criminal activity. So if you're gambling on that baby just like if you're if you're a smoking
If you're talking
If you're a pump and gas into your car you're helping an criminal activity
You're helping terrorists know that what you think all the time
Airlines lax and pilot background checks. Oi
The nation's airlines sometimes fail to check the safety records and qualifications of the pilots day higher as required by federal law
According to a new congressional report
Describing compliance with the 1997 laws not always completed timely the GAO found that lapses and hiring processes of
Commercial air carriers is a embarrassing and grotesque the GAO the investigative armor Congress
Confident they report released to they that airlines were not requesting information from all three sources specified in the law
Because the number of requests to each varied air carriers are required to obtain pilots driving and flying records from the FAA
The National Driver Register and other carriers Michael Wascom spoke some for the Air Transport Association said
It's essential that airlines check pilots backgrounds will continue to fulfill our obligations working cooperatively with the FAA and
Transportation Department wascom said Congress passed a law in 1997
After pilots who were least partially responsible for seven deadly airline accents were found we've had problems at previous jobs
The December 94 crash of an American eagle flight in Morseville North Carolina was caused by a pilot
When correctly assumed that engine had failed and didn't follow proper procedures the National Transportation Safety Board said
The pilot as co-pilot and 13 passengers died five people survived
U.S. investigators said the pilot was hired by flagship air carriers operating as American eagle after being recommended for
Dispensal by another airline com air flagship was not aware that recommendation was training problems
This is kind of like the priest thing, you know what the Bishop's in the priest cover up
The GAO said the FAA should clarify guidelines about the content of pilots records and rules about retaining them
Pilots rights also should be posted on FAA's website and the agency should incorporate requirements for pilot records and its inspectors training and handbooks the GA
said
See all this dog and pony show that goes on about after 9-11 and how we're really tightening up everything and we're I mean
For example if you got on a plane and you as you were you know getting ready to board your seat
Which in your case would be way way in the back and you like land stuff there in a cockpit
And you saw the pilot and they a co-cat that are sitting in there with their Arab do or whatever they call those things
What do they call rags?
They're with us rag like the Saudis were you know right?
I think you know what I think you would do
Same thing I would do I turn around and run off of there. I get in that jet weight faster and you can say
off-mod the off-walk right
man
Speaking of pilots by the way
Plan to arm pilots is taking off since the Senate voter overwhelmingly last month to arm up to 85,000 airline pilots
Careers and safety advocates have raised numerous concerns about the cost security and safety
But so far nobody appears to be listening despite renewed criticism from airline executives and private worries from some government officials
The measure seems certain to become law
The politics of guns is overwhelmed the slower moving aviation world according to officials lobbyist and capital hula inciders of politics of guns
Vigorous lobbying by pilots and gun rights groups who say concerns about the proposal of an overblown
eroded most objections from congress
Proposals to make airline pilots eligible to carry guns pass the house of representatives in july and the Senate in September
Groups such as the nRA urge lawmakers devote for the measure and few wanted to oppose it in election year
Even some liberal lawmakers who's generally favor gun control embrace the idea
They put their arms around it. They squeezed it. They grabbed and I'm for it by the way and I and saw you yes
Might I'll not I mean if they're fully if they're fully trained they know what they're doing
We don't want some goofballs sitting up there with you know with a
Wild weapon, you know what a much of what a collection of shotguns
Huh, I think 350 said 350 seven magnum would be good not only that but they can make low with velocity bullets
Specialty shells that don't go through the halls so they're not gonna
Defeat that way if somebody gets rowdy like in first class
I mean maybe it has a couple of two drinks the pilot comes out and he waves that you know
Chinese 350 seven magnum rod a little bit. Yeah, very much new used to do in a good old days
So you're right up. Yeah, that'll make you sit back or in your seat and calm down buckle up that seat belt and shut up your
Pie hole especially that guy that was taking a crap on the serving a cart remember that yeah, that would have straight in his ass out
Yeah
115 votes for the molemeister
Who do you think has the worst looking hair piece in the world mohauer david 115
James traffic hat is closing the gap baby 84. He's moving in on him better watch your backside mo
Uh, San Donaldson 57 Marv Albert 41
Henry Freund 24 burritos 21 Bill Shatner 14 Elton John 12 everybody else in single digits even at silly as with Willard Scott
Hey speaking of pledging your brains out by the way is there still anybody out there even in the government who isn't playing at the
p sportsbook.com then you better get with it baby
You're missing out on a really great sports book and what the hell screw all those right wingers okay and all those other
assholes if you want to punch your guts out
It's the home of the land in the free et cetera and so on at least for the moment you hear a lot of ads these days
But do some research before your plunk your cash down. It's a monster world sports books. They're like in North Carolina
Let me help you out v.p sportsbook.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdogs
They're Dutch based and one of the first online sports books
See anything that's like you know on the borderline of you know what i'm saying is always Dutch based and that's good
So if you want to go on the road for a lifetime you want to be hooked up with the best sportsbook
Go in and out of course like i keep telling you is vip sportsbook.com the football season is in full swing
We're swinging it and you need to be with vip sportsbook.com
So open an account online and when you do that you get a 15% cash sign up bonus and by the way
You can still do it then i mentioned they got the highest parliage you'll find up to 2001
So get your ass over the vip sportsbook.com and play it a book with some serious class
Call one eight six six vip bets just you know give me all the finger. Okay, whichever one you want those assholes in no DC
One eight six six vip bets
Don't forget if you sign up online you get that 15% cash bonus at vip sportsbook.com where you be the VIP
Greg hate you
But what up, Roman you need some tips on improving your career
They're tuned into the in the hood and garden channel each week
I see trades in his max nine for a nail gun and remodels a crackout
Need as you that's right boots out of crack falls out and get busy with this old his hour
Thursday nights at eight I shall show you how to custom design a kitchen for cooking up some crack and create a
comfortable living room to core just perfect for cracking a couple of forties with your fussy and bending those bitches over the cap
So join ice each week because he files up this flow folks is this old his out. It's on the in the hood and garden channel
Wooden
1216 at 560 w.d. Q.a. Am Al Gore says president lost an economic wilderness racing in the wrong direction
That's what Al Gore says big wooden now
Al Gore said yesterday that president Bush has lost an economic wilderness racing in the wrong direction while critical domestic issues are drowned out
By international affairs in the final weeks of the midterm campaign
Gore considering whether to challenge Bush in 2004 God forbid said the president should focus as intently on the fault of an economy as he has on foreign affairs
In second and second speech in about a week harshly criticizing the Bush administration the former vice president called for a short term stimulus program
That would include extended unemployment benefits and help for small businesses to jolt the U.S. economy out of stagnation
He also suggested the replacement of some on the Bush economic team
We've got an election five weeks from now and a lot of the most important issues don't seem to be being discussed very much here
Gore said that the Brookings Institution
America's economy is in big trouble and I'm worried our current approaches failing us
Gore said waiting for action by the new congress next year could be too late
He said in the interim a global recession or worse could have already taken hold
Gore also said at other priorities to be the rest including cost for homeland security
possible war in Iraq and short term economic stimulus program
As to his speech after his speech and Bush's tax cuts should be reconsidered
Gore said Bush should follow the example of Ronald Reagan with the same point in his presidency
Reassess his economic policy that was back during the Reagan recession by the way
He ought to have an open mind and accept responsibility for the fact that when he thought it would happen
What he said would happen ain't happening Gore said it ain't happening
If we turn a blind eye to where we economy it'll eventually undermine everything else we're trying to accomplish
He said the economic speech followed other recent Democratic efforts to shift the political debate from Iraq to the economy
So now all of a sudden Gore's opened up a big mouth and would all do apologies to our good pissed off friend and plantation too bad
Because as usual too little too late
And this ingenuous
Yes, I'm serious. I know you're right. He's got no credibility. He's all over the place
But nevertheless, I mean you know how anybody who go on here in Shilf or Al Gore you'd have to be some kind of a simple idea to do that
Of course, I think he'd make a fine president. He would not
I was my
He's in shoulders above what we got now heads in shoulders above it even if only in terms of pointing judges
Gosh, they these people just don't get it. You know, it's all a big joke
Little like that because they're gonna say they're on the same level with the Bushmaster in that crowd that crowd of Marie Nazis
Bush wants to expand use of amber alert says you wasted it and you know why you were saying it is right about this because it's colorful
Great good thinking
Emerging from a tear field private session with families of kidnapped children
President Bush said yesterday that predators are smooth and seductive and they must be fought by expanding nationwide
The system of broadcasting urgent bulletins when a child is taken
Our society has a duty a solemn duty to shield children from exploitation and danger Bush
Told about 600 heartbroken, but still hopeful family members law enforcement officials and experts gathered for a white house sponsored conference
One is too many especially for the mom or dad who suffers deeply he said
Like probably Williams mom and dad if she's got one
Bush said the federal government would help turn the now-pactual accused of amber alerts into a coordinated
Nationwide network with $10 million for training and equipment upgrades
He also announced the justice department would establish a national standard for the alerts and assign a new federal amber alert coordinated
Abuse cooperation among state and local plans. I have only one problem with all this that is how do we know if the amber alert given by the federal government
Isn't the amber alert about the terrorist threat? You follow what I'm saying?
Is it in other words? How do we keep our our amber alert straight is what I'd like to know? Is it yellow?
Isn't what yellow that medium level now right now? Yeah, I
Don't know now where where would I find out USA today
No, sure, they don't they ain't got it
When you think like in the upper right hand corner since they got half of the other the rest of the screen block on there anyway
I
What is that a Bush priority don't be playing music while the president speaking will plus great you
Unpain't you out of goofball you what tells wrong with you man? We're gonna send your ass over to see span if you don't watch it you idiot
God can't believe that now don't you think in the corner of the screen they only have like the today's alert thing sure
They got the stock market things some some channels that got like the temperature they got their own channel logo
I mean they black out 90% of the screen anyway
So I don't know if it's yellow for example was orange there for a couple days back around September 11
And then they all ordered back to yellow yellow. Don't they call I'm sure they call it yellow. Are you positive?
We know that Greg's life on it. No a series of high profile child
I'm abductions abductions this year Samantha runnyan and Daniel van Dam in California
Cassandra Williamson and Missouri and Elizabeth Spartan Utah among them have filled the headlines and terrified parents
Before his remarks bush out an emotional 45 minute meeting beyond closed doors with about a dozen people involved in missing children cases
I'm a crying shedding tears. How do you like that? I wonder how many tears he's gonna shed for all the military that are gonna die over there in the Middle East
Needlessly and the ones who may get the you know the biological and chemical chemical crap unleashed on them
I think he's gonna cry for them. No
And how come he wasn't as tearful for all of the victims of abuse by the priest you know, that's how he was fairly mum on that
Pretty mum because because that's dangerous. Certainly anybody who's a professional candidate then want to be alienating the Catholic Church
Speaking of which
Javier starring a Roman Catholic chaplain at Los Angeles juvenile detention center has yet to wonder the art dices towering new
189 million dollar cathedral. He says he's uncomfortable worshipping it our later-day angels cathedral with its fancy gift shop and imported
Alabaster windows given the layoffs and other cutbacks caused by a 4.3 million dollar budget deficit at the headquarters of the nation's largest art stices
189 million dollar cathedral they got
The deficit will cost 60 people their jobs this month and curtail programs that offer anti-abortion counseling and serve college students
Gays minorities inmates and disabled. I'm sure the Pope has upset about that not
The deficit will cost 60 people their jobs this month and
Courtaill programs that offer anti-abortion counseling and serve college students gays minorities inmates in the disabled and the Pope is saying all right
He's probably rubbing his beads together over it. I like it
There are some bad feelings about the church how they've chosen to allocate fun said starring who'll lose half his 24 staff members to the layoffs
It would have been nice if we heard that we needed to try to save some of those services, but I never heard that it just shows where the priority is
Building bigger and gotier edifices
Else we're around the country the art stices of Boston chair Chicago and Milwaukee have announced budget cuts among the reasons given the downturn on Wall Street
High-reparating cost a drop-off in contributions because of the priest sex scandal and the prospect of multi-million dollar settlements with victims
hush money
I think what we can tell for sure is that these sex abuse scandal will cost the American Catholic Church literally billions of dollars before it settles
said Jim Post had a divorce of the faithful and organization of late catlicks formed in response of the sex scandal in Boston
That's money that could be used for many other purposes
In Los Angeles Cardinal Mahoney is insisted the cutbacks were not caused by spending on the new cathedral
Which opened on September 2 the money was raised from donations during the boom years of the 90s
He said as if it makes a difference, you know
Like in other words, this is a different bunch of money
Archdiocese spokesman Todd tambour who said stock market losses and higher operating expenses
Not the sex abuse questions are to blame for the cutbacks in LA
But you noted that the church must be prepared for settlements with victims
It's not possible to determine future liability with regard to suits of yet to be filed
But certainly such contingencies must be examined and planned for tambour said the Boston Archdiocese at the very center of the scandal
Had to cut this year's budget by 40 percent
Faced with more than 400 claims of pre-sex abuse the archdiocese has said it's contemplating filing for bankruptcy
The last resort that would allow the church to continue operating
Oh, wouldn't that be great? The whole Catholic church goes bankrupt goes both files chapters 11 12 13 and 14
And of course is not what they specialize the priest in 11 12 13 and 14
See how God works in mysterious ways you follow
Dry are you connecting the dots just like the president you know and the right wingers all the chickenos they're connecting the dots
Man 121 votes for the mole mice the rally impressed boy. He is maintaining a pretty but it's a good battle don't you think
Not just close yet
I think you're wrong. I think traffic can't is moving right in on this territory
Who do you think has got the worst looking piece in the world the worst looking here piece moha or david 121 James traffic at 94
Sam Donaldson and we still didn't get anybody to fix me the name of that
God that pisses me off. No nobody knows that
What this they do can't you picture them in your mind right now? No, I can think in Charlie chapter little mouse you looking guy
No, little skinny mouse you looking congressman from Ohio. I believe with uh with with like a balding head and like a little black piece in the middle kind of like a
Puse brown piece look like somebody took a dump on his head
James traffic at 94 Sam Donaldson 15 9 Marv Albert 43 Henry Freund 24
Bert Reynolds 22 William Shatner 14 Elton John 12 and everybody else is sucking wind van
They're in single digits
Tony Bennett's the only has one by the way and Paul Simon's got one
You got one? Yeah, I got it. Book of Ryan's got one from 26 at 560 W2 and the mad dog returns today at one o'clock
So strap yourself in you know matter of shopping
I've been telling you for about what 100 years now is a total waste of time if you do it the old-fashioned way in fact
Most things the old-fashioned way
Forget about it do it this smart way pick up that phone and call my pizons my palies at dollar mattress call
1 800 mattress you'll be talking to somebody who really knows the mattress business not some clown in the apartments through who sells lamps one day and
Sofas the next day and TV sets on Thursday and instead of and so on you talk to people know what the it's all about and who will hook you up
With exactly what you're looking for so if the old mattress isn't doing a job for you anymore if you're not getting a good night's
Sleep if your back is really feeling the difference get you a great new name brand mattress at an
Unbeatable price from dollar mattress with one easy phone call they got Serta they got Cili Simmons King Coral the best names
And a business and because they got the deepest selection of brand-day mattresses exactly the one you're looking for is in stock ready for almost
Immediate delivery when it's convenient for you and your family whoever's gonna be home like you picked it to our window any day of the week
Seven days between 11 and 1 and noon and 2 and 1 and 3 and 2 and 4 etc
And they also give it that 30 day home comfort guarantee so you can test the mattress the only intelligent way by putting your ass on it and sleep
And on it and doing stuff on it. So pick up the phone right now
You'll thank me for getting you in touch with dial amateurs. You'll never go back and buy another mattress the old-fashioned stupid way
Call dial amateurs right now. They'll be there in no time call 1-800-MATRES or check them out on that wicked worldwide web at
Macrus.com
We're supporting you 5-60 U-A-A
Born nearly 350 cases of West Nile virus infections were identified
I've heard from the experts as if West Nile virus will spread
He called it a fever like it's blue like symptoms headache symptoms attack
Just a mosquito is what he's done
Just a mosquito killing everyone
Just a mosquito don't be stupid man
Just a mosquito get your booster man
You'll be the next death and don't cause the West Nile is in my friend
Yeah
Oh, it's a case of it's light spreading
So what's up happen to me
Shot again
1242-560 WDQM this thing that just got thanks to us from the Palm Beach Post
Thank you very much by the way whoever affects the sim one of our regular factors essay
The commercial thing? Yeah, yes
Now this time I was reading before about the pilots
Right
A bit time story ahead about the pilots in their backgrounds
This is a shocking
In today's Palm Beach Post illness
Air Marshall was rejected for police job
A federal air marshal held a Delta Airlines flight at gunpoint and then through a
Lakewood document with smelly cell was rejected twice by the Philadelphia police
Department after failing psychological test
The Philadelphia inquire reported yesterday
In addition the air marshal Sean B McCullough's 29
Received only part of the required training less than two weeks when he was hired this summer the newspaper said
Originally, I said it looked like these guys were maniacs at Dr. Bob Raj Kumar remember him
The Lakewood family position and former army doctor was detained on the flight
But it looks like they really were psychologically troubled
Raj Kumar said US Senator Bob Graham and Representative Bob Wexler
Have written in promising that they would investigate the Liberty Week in flight
In which McCullough is and with another air marshal held 183 passengers at gunpoint
And yelled at them to duck keep their eyes forward and the hands and feet out of the aisle
Passengers later said the two didn't identify themselves as marshals
And that some suspected the flight of it commandeered by terrorists
Questions about the air marshals back ground raised more concerns about the Bush administration screening and training of air marshals
For the new transportation security administration a federal agency created in response to the line-level of attacks
McCullough's and the other marshal Samuel Mama
Have been accused by passengers of overreacting during Delta flight 442 from Atlanta to Philadelphia on August 31
30 minutes before landing air marshals tackled an unruly Tamarack passenger and tied him down in the first class section next to
Raj Kumar
When the plane landed they escorted the unruly passenger off then returned with two Philadelphia police officers and handcuffed
Dr. Raj Kumar and tossed him an airport cell for three hours without notifying his wife Dorothy
The air marshals told Raj Kumar and American of East Indian descent
They didn't like the way he looked or the way he looked at them the doctor said don't you be eyeballing me
Let's get Dr. Phil on this
Two weeks ago Raj Kumar put the federal government on notice that he and his wife planned to sue good for him
claiming it was unfairly detained because of his skin color
A Pennsylvania judge who was also a passenger said he had about 30 passengers and complained to federal authorities about the air marshals
actions
McCullors with addresses listed both in Philadelphia and Wilmington, Pennsylvania
joined the TSA after a stem with US border patrol in California according to the inquirer
That's the Philadelphia inquirer. He joined the border patrol in 96 after failing a psychological exam for law enforcement jobs in Philadelphia
He had applied to the police department fire department in 94 the police force again in 95 and corrections department
95 the border patrol didn't require applicants to pass psychological exams even if they were standing there going
Like that we don't care if you beat them beeners two sources familiar with the air marshals training told the inquirer that McCullors got no more than two weeks of training in summer
And that he apparently was exempted from the full course because of his border patrol experience
And to meet accelerated hiding orders hiring orders after 9-11 terrorist attacks at least 2,000 air marshals were hired from
Montenza thousands of applicants in just a few months
Training over all was cut from 12 weeks to six or eight weeks or less for people with previous federal enforcement experience
According to Chev Loner spokesman for the DOT
David Stigman and Transportation Security Administration spokesman defended the air marshal program this weekend
Suggested that the flying public need to become better acquainted with inflect security
According to the inquirer article
Federal air marshals are highly trained law enforcement professional
Professional statements said each of them can be called upon to make at any moment a split second decision while traveling hundreds of miles an hour
30,000 feet above the ground with no backup said Rajkumar these are the best they have to offer
God help America nice go on there doc. Let's hear it for the dog
How do you like that? Let me say it again if these are the best they have to offer
God help America, huh as they continue pulling the wool shed woolly over your eyes folks
Put it on the dog and pony show. They don't even they didn't even identify who the hell they were
Can you imagine the people crappin in their pants sitting on a plate here?
You know here these two guys with their guns drawn barking orders and screaming and carrying on when nothing appears to be going on
man
By the way to make it a big deal out of this they got five shootings and 15 hours in Maryland. Yes, other well. What is that a big deal? I don't know
I mean, it seems to me about standard for the US. Uh-huh nice grouping
What do you mean? Oh that's in a in a particular area
Are you suggesting or is this a racial comment again now?
Maryland
A federal judge this week throughout an 800 million dollar lawsuit filed by a Maryland doctor who claimed cell phones
causes brain tumor
US district judge Catherine Blake said none of the evidence submitted by doctor Christopher Newman was substantial enough to order trial against cell phone
Manufacturer motorola and several major cell phone carriers
And we had that story from sweeten a few days ago
Well, this uh continue substantiating it even though we may not believe it
The 45 billion dollar wireless industry has been watching the case closely because could have opened the door to other lawsuits
Have a lot of proceed no other such claims have succeeded so far
Numerine neurologist claims the older analog cell phone used from 1992 to 98
Causes brain cancer. Numerine's attorneys presented scientific evidence showing that analog phones may cause tumors
But Blake ruled it was overwhelmed by evidence showing no relationship between cell phone radiation and cancer
Numerine's attorney John Angelo said he told Numerine of the decision. He's disappointed as we are
We didn't pass the standard angelos said adding that is firm may appeal
Numerine's new enumerine's tumor say that 50 times come on Numerine's tumor
Was removed but his lower studies blind and one i suffer his memory loss in the slowed speech and can no longer work
Cell phones are used by 97 million americans
Digital phones emit radiation in pulses older analog varieties emit continuous waves by the time cell phones exploded in popularity
In the late 90s most of those sold used digital technology
Three major studies published since december 2000 including one by the national cancer institute found no harmful health effects from cell phone
leave it
I yeah, I do I think there's with nothing to that
I'm not going to worry about it. You know what it's like what also you know if you sit too close to your tv
Said you get too much radiation the sun and melanoma that's right. I talk about there in the sun
In fact, do a Howard Hughes maybe if you got a lot of money just put yourself in a big bubble stay inside right
Wash your hands every five minutes and issue boxes for shoes right do your fingernails make sure you clip your nails
Or of course, I don't have any nails and of course, I guess Howard Hughes would have found on biting your fingernails when you think oh
That's the can you imagine all the germs that might be under the even if you're like like Michael Jackson
You're in like one of those bubbles, you know the oxygen tent right something like that
You know even if you're like an intensive care in the ICU
I mean, this such a thing is carrying it a little bit too far
Don't you think it's like guys that wash their hands after taking a leak. It's the same thing
People that just get carried away people are trained to be just like have law in the dog and the whole thing
You know, I'll take a leak wash your hands take a leak. Well, it's silly
Like I said if you care about your penis about your private if you're really that compelled compelled compulsive
About clean this wash your hands first then go take a leak, okay?
Because I guarantee you hopefully there's a lot more germs on your hands than there are on your penis
Believe me when I tell you that so if you're concerned about cleanliness
And I know you don't believe it if you're one of those splash bag people yeah
All right, listen, I'm minus so small. I'm lucky to splash period, okay
Although I have been known to take some very prodigious leaks. I mean I guess I guess the the I didn't really have anything to do with how big your
Unit is not necessarily no
It's a pressure thing I see
Well, look at that pressure in Louisiana. I wanted to key questions is power
You see the man over here and look at the market all of a sudden
I'm gonna say anything because it was you know kind of hovering with a few points to the good and I don't want to jinx anybody
So I said nothing but now all of a sudden
It's taken as they do in those broadwashed stands. They turn for the worst and I do love my broadwashed by but where's my story about Germany?
Yeah, I got one of my I got one of my bed times through is here it is
But first we got to tell you about Oliomad. I mean Oliomad is not as good as broadwashed
But it's certainly probably a lot better for you in fact what's to lose you know
I'm saying especially would you know hold on the cell phone to your head and walk it outside and all the dirt and
Oh god the germs everywhere if you want to protect yourself against the elements and put something in your system
It's really good for you try Oliomad more and more people are prominent and they're pushed all the time
There are different products for different parts of your health combining the best olive oil you'll find anywhere along with vitamins
Minimals and rubles. There's one product specifically designed to help your heart one to help control your blood pressure and your cholesterol and prostate
One for your circulatory system one for your digestive and your system your skin and bones even your mind
I'll be using the benefits of like I said only moments ago the best olive oil you'll find anywhere and
Oliomad continues making products specifically designed for men and some for you ladies as well
picks them up today pick it up at Whole Food Markets
Walgreens synanos and the moral pharmacies if you'd like to get more info about what this great product can do for you
Call their toll free number and they'll be happy to answer your questions call 1-866 Oliomad
Ask them how Brian Schmutz is doing 1-866 Oliomad are a skippy too for that matter. How's he doing?
You can also order Oliomad online if you like it their website OliomadAmerica.com
Oh baby come play with these titties
You talk about a new war you depressed me
Not high on your idea much
Oh Mr. Bush
Shitting yet begun
But this battle won't be fun
You bear on my TV on every channel that I switch
You're asking for more support yeah you're trying to sell your pitch
But don't think my favorite show so I gotta write to fish
No reason for us to cheer you want to follow the rock
Just as fast as you can
Yeah
We're trying to prepare when finally a war's being cleared and by square
We won't be too proud
Instead of making things better
You're making us sell
You're making us sell
I
Well 45 I mean certainly people I would feel a presidential election wouldn't do as anything as cynical as you know time an invasion time a war
No, of course, no incidental would like the November for flexing testing. I'm not suggesting anything
I'm suggesting that they're good upstanding right wingers. Oh, it's speaking of right wing speaking of goose stepping that perfect timing nice going
Neil. Thank you
Sproost up Berlin gate ready to greet Germans for unity days is the LA Times
Berlin on I do love Berlin boy. You'd love that city can't wait to go
I'm a serious you would love it. It's a beautiful city. I
Can't think of I can't think of one thing bad about Berlin except of course for the old Germans who are still like Nazis
Yeah, but the seriously it's a beautiful city
See they had this little problem after WW2
Yeah, they had to rebuild a lot of those cities because we bought
We bond the crap bottom. You know how to come and well, and that's right
They had a coming and we did a good favor for them there, you know
And so they had to rebuild them and now there's just brand spanking new and glitzy and beautiful and
man
The men and yellow slickers worked in the autumn rain climbing on the scaffolding above
Stoamations and architects through the veiled columns underneath the bronze chariot of the city's most enduring moment
Where Michael Pazback looked history in the eye and proclaimed the gate is ready. The gate is ready
You will go see the gate by the way be have this
After two years of being scoured of grime and draped in tarps the Brandon Brigade is showing as newly buffaced in the world today
As I speak by the way since at 6.47 pm over there right now as Germany settler brates
Unification day the tarps and the twirps are scheduled to be dropped and the gate with a half century of certain grid burned away by Tony
I love that certain grid burned away by tiny lasers will reclaim its majesty on untr linda untr linda boulevard
See and that's another thing that I'm not that crazy about hearing people speak twin and ah
I still oh untr linda boulevard the koo first and bomb oh
That's still I have a little problem with it's an honor to have worked on although the bratwurst man is just to die for
Why can't we have great bratwurst like that here? Do we really have to go to Milwaukee or Cleveland with all them drunks and sparses?
Yes, it's an honor and have worked on it said pause back manager of carol restoration and technology limited the company in fact
That's one of the most I've told you this before but it just comes to my mind again because
In Amsterdam the same thing because ducks sound so much like german very guttable
And when you see dark compl- I mean also Chinese people it's very freaky too when you see Chinese people speaking
German or Dutch and you see dark folks speaking to you're it just you're like
Why and then I'm not speaking bubbanax either you know, well, I don't I don't think
Well, how do I hold on maybe that's what the Germans say about them?
I mean when I heard one of them redneck saying ostoblieft you all you know, I don't know
We slept every night with the right now when they won that bros the guy said ostobliefe homey. I got real nervous about that
coke crack
We slept every night with the responsibility of our work in the back of your mind
We know this is a simple and now we're turning it back to the government
I have a feeling of emptiness like one has sending a child into the world
He said pause back
The brand of brigades belong to the world's imagination is a symbol of division since the construction of the Berlin wall
If I had a gold war the gates that over a divided city and like checkpoint Charlie and nuclear warheads
Define the struggle between communism and democracy between the good folks and the evil doors
Against its pop grizzled sandstone president Kennedy proclaimed
Each behind brawlinger which I don't think you pronounce that right and president Reagan dared so be a president
Gorbachev to open this gate tear down this wall memory said that yes, he doesn't
When the Berlin wall fell in 19. I see that was that was terrible. Why did I do that? You guys just I don't like him
I don't like him a lot. I mean I don't I feel bad that he's got his Alzheimer's and then antsy has to go through all of that crap literally
You know
It says and then there's a thing in here
Pause back says the gate is one of the few symbols left
I'm sure people of the century will be willing to accept symbols every day
Values are disappearing symbols become less important this century lives for losing values and symbols not for building them
I still believe in them though. He said with his arm at a 45 degree angle as he go step toward the gate
You know what symbol he was thinking about yeah, I couldn't have been that twisted cross
Couldn't have been that swastika couldn't you think it might have been? Uh-huh. No, no, no
There's no more Nazis there. There's no more Nazis in Germany. Okay, those skinheads on the
Motorcycles there's a disguise out there having a good time on the kudam, you know, like just having a different out there for a nice outing
Right, I did see some of those more couple of times. I was there just like the Confederate flag
This wants to cause a niren cry. That's right. It doesn't mean anything. Okay. It's a symbol of Nazi Prague
I mean of German pride
Antisemitism homophobia
Antigipsy psychosis. It's got nothing to do with any of that stuff anti-Irish travelers. No
What's that symbol
It's the middle digit on your finger
The carless just did yeah, that's that's our message to all your Irish travelers have a nice day
A and then you just you know give it a little
Push up into the air the old Italian the Italian salute wouldn't be a bad either way you stick your hand like in the middle of your
Where your uh thing is your arm right you're all the Italian slough. That's one of my favorites
A new warnings call and speaking of cell phones see every day they get just like that bit. I just played it's too depressing
You know
That's why we get a lot like a lot of the lighter stories on our you know on our c-span of the radio thing here
Intelligence agencies have worried commercial airliners maybe susceptible to electronic interference by terrorists
Using modified cell phones or other electronic devices to disrupt navigation and control systems several specialists said last week
The issue was a sensitive one expert said they don't want to unduly alarm the fine public. Oh god forbid
At the same time several said the issue of whether cell phones and other devices have consequences
A lock is taking on renewed urgency when the potential for deliverance use is cranked into the equation
At least one US intelligence agencies conducting a classified study on the issue of malicious use of electronics by terrorists
The defense source said and some experts said it's not for other government agencies and international standards groups
Even airline passengers to be more sensitive to the possible threats
Electronic assault to be extremely difficult to trace
They said even if pilots were able to recover control such disruptions will be unsettling for cruising passengers alike
People can understand box cutters guns and things like that said Albert Helfrick and avionics specialists at Emory Rital
Aeronautical University in Daytona Beach the idea that mischief can be performed electronically just doesn't come to the minds of most people
Reports from pilots in recent years to announce our run database
Suggest random interference from cell phones and other portable electronic devices can disrupt navigation instruments during flight
Some intelligence officials are concerned that at least twins involved in airlines abroad
Including one crash may have been caused by electronic interference from cell phones or other portable devices aboard the craft defense said
How do you like that? I don't I say anybody who tried to get a cell phone on there
Where it brings up before they get on?
Let's try to take my cell phone back there. Well like after that right right after I get home. You can turn it on
I don't keep it on I don't use it. I don't want nothing to do with it just like yesterday morning
Remember when it went off the middle of the show and I thought why that must be something really crucial like maybe hangs book or something
For all I know maybe it was hangs book because it was another wrong number cell phones
I just I don't know maybe I'm old-fashioned call me an old-futty-duty
I'm old-futty-duty I am because I just don't like the way that all these everybody punks and everybody else
They all got their guy damn cell phones. It's like they're attached to them. It's like it's out like a member
It's your personal walk to the talking
Like attached to their goddamn body. Mm-hmm. You're especially like you go to a sporting event look those Panther games and these
Assholes talking to each other on the cell phone. Hey, I'm over here in 104. Yeah
Sit on you jackass. I want to see the game you putts
Did he say hockey? Oh, we know hockey sucks. I forgot about that. Sorry, Mo
Pro 53 at 560 WDQM when you shop for quality footwear selection professional service are very important to you
But number one on everybody's list besides those things is price
That's why so many people continue shopping at Brandys because they know they get a combination of all of these things
They get unbeatable selection
They get fantastic personal service from people to know your feet inside and out and believe me when they see a big foot
They know what that means and also you get the top selections for as names to the top manufacturers in the shoe binis
Rock ports S.A.S. Spirys timbrella naturalizer and lots more and of course every day low prices that nobody can compare to
That's why everybody in their brother with a brain is shopping at Brandys open daily nine to nine
Sundays 10 to five you'll find them at 1290 north federal highway and pump an abit
And as far as prices concern as always something extra special going on for it Brandys all this wicked Brandys
It's a humongous S.A.S. Sale big savings on S.A.S shoes the more period by the more you save at Brandys in
Pumpino beats
Sports radio 560s you a you a yeah
My country we have no need
Yeah
All right, they want us to find a way
Very embarrassing for back pain
From 200 years ago when they were slaves
When I only have a mobile home
A pit bull and a pinch of skull
So if you want to ask me how here's what I gotta say
You've got to yes and nigger good morning
Tell him that you're sorry for it's labor among
Yes and nigger good morning
And that's for every morning who is dead and tall
If I was born a 1802
Oh, and slaves ain't something I do
But what we're dead people did to you I have to take the plane
When you see it all for an old money act
With a can of smelly cherry in back
Instead of 40 acres and the new I have a better way
You've got to yes and nigger good morning
When put on how we pair a forging cream on
Yes and nigger good morning
And that's your restitution for it's slave it's you
Yes and nigger good morning
And tell him that you're sorry for it's labor among
Yeah, got it
Yes and nigger good morning
Okay
And that's for every but it's who is dead and tall
I'll take it one thing for the timing these last two days has been pretty impressive if you be x-me
You know, no, I'm impressed in other words I can read the clock
I think it's what I'm trying to say okay just time to say
Hear the results of the pull so far. Who do you think has got the worst looking hair piece in the world and Moe is got a battle on his hands
You know it?
I don't think this is a foregone conclusion Moe Howard David 128 James Traffican 101 and other damn things change
on me again
Sam Donaldson 66 Marv Albert 66 he or 46
Burrino's 27 Henry frame 24 Bill Shatner 15 Elton John be having 12 and those are the only ones likely in double digits
Okay, the hysterical how Jim managed the angry puppy whatever the hell he is coming along next
Hank from three to seven a full four hour show bino five to six
This afternoon
Bye bye bye
Then the Roger show on five six is on in QA and my name for larga
You know they say the body is 90 percent water as for WQA
We are 100 percent purple parrot water
