Friday you bastards.
Oh!
We won't be talking no more about both.
Is smelly wig, veins or his lousy show.
No.
We'll place a bitch now and then it's just fine.
We're gonna start at nine.
We draw the line.
Yeah.
Don't give a crap about that cranky schmuck.
With this vain he knows up, K-peatler's butt.
At least until nil decides to change his mind.
Till then at nine.
We draw the line.
Yeah.
Oh!
I know two at five sixty WQM Happy Friday to you.
Well this week has been bizarre, you know.
Yeah.
Fun though.
It's been strange.
It's been in and out and up and down.
Yeah.
Well maybe up somewhere.
Instincts just in Timberlake breaks foot cancel performances for the next two weeks.
Bye, bye, bye!
See we got a lot of good news for you today.
Got to have Walmart thing a little later on.
Good.
You're gonna be very pleased about the plot.
The plot's this stuff today.
Maybe a full plate, a full plate.
Heavy due to get your fork and knife out.
Speak at a fork and knife.
Eric up there in Orlando.
Carlos is gonna be assisting you.
And to bringing our website into the 21st century now.
22nd, 23rd century.
Instincts just in Timberlake cancelled performances for the next two weeks after breaking one of his feet.
The BBC reports.
Timberlake, who recently released his solo album Justified, has been rehearsing for an awards party sponsored by Smash Hits Magazine.
You notice how you have to like stop and pause when you say the name of that magazine?
Very careful.
Smash Hits Magazine when the injury occurred.
Details were not available.
He'd been scheduled a host Sunday's T-4 pull winners party with Kelly Osborne, June Sarpong and Vernon K.
Whoever the hell they are.
But cancelled on the advice of his doctor.
He said,
Bye, bye, bye!
I am sorely disappointed, I guess that's just to play on words that I must miss my scheduled events.
The 21-year-old singer said,
Tuesday.
How come we're just getting this now?
This is from, I don't get this.
Oh, that's right, the Sun Sentinel the yesterday.
So they're like always a couple of days behind.
By the way, Molly Ivans had this great column about six months ago to be in the Sun Sentinel over the weekend.
However, I must adhere to my positions, recommendations and rest.
I look forward to being able to perform again.
Hope to see all my fans soon.
Bye, bye, bye!
Before Justin, sorry about that Justin.
Are we? Are we sorry for...
No, you piece of crap, you.
How'd that pull come out yesterday?
Not that, and it just dawned on me.
I was wondering why wouldn't we get our usual 900,000 votes over, got close to 900?
The God squad out there, the Jesus people, they're not going to be offended by that.
And keep in mind, I didn't invent this.
Okay, I didn't invent this story about when Jesus comes back,
what kind of vehicle would he be driving?
Right.
I didn't invent this whole campaign.
In fact, somewhere in an pile which I'm leaving frantically through here,
there's a story about, uh, not the, uh, where the hell is it?
It must be really big.
There's a story connected with this.
About it's not your pop's old mobile or something like that.
Where the hell is it?
Jesus, Joseph and Saul, four million pounds of meat recalled.
Passengers leave the ship from hell, then we got to Disney Eartheners somewhere.
Anyway, who's, when we asked yesterday, what would Jesus drive if he came back to Earth?
Who's Jesus, 200 and one of you, a heath and bastard said that?
And what we need a lot more, heath and bastard said that.
Now that these right wing Bible thumpers have taken over America and it's official,
wait till we get to that victorious secret which inspired my pool today.
This makes me nauseous.
How asked back when America is going back into the stone age, the dark ages?
And based on this whole foreign policy thing, now it looks like the bushmeister
and his crew of misfits, they want to take the whole world back into the dark ages.
886 votes, who's Jesus 201?
He'd come back in a Cadillac for old Jews 168 said that and why not hell not, right?
Oi!
And South Florida, that's the current choice along with the big Lincoln guttinental,
any big Duke canoe but especially Cadillac.
He'd ride a camel 145, motorcycle 1980, could then eat the, have a good deal of pizza left on Thursday nights.
Wouldn't that be something?
See in ponytail and Jesus sitting over a Fugazza pizza, they have the same haircut.
Would Jesus's vehicle park on the outside with his Harley parked right out there in front?
Subcompact car to save gas 84, which is supposedly what this whole campaign is all about
to try to embarrass people into like try to be more economical and save gas.
SUV speaking of that 78, Hum V65 and Corvette 47 because I was trying to wonder why so few people said that.
And when you see the way Jesus was depicted and the way he dressed, even sloppier than me,
obviously he was not a man of great taste.
He might have been a fashion plate for his day, how do we know?
No, he was not.
So the bottom line is he certainly wouldn't be driving a Corvette.
We should have put Mustang on there, that would have been a good choice, but you can't put them all.
So that's out of 800 or these six votes.
Before we get to today's pool and that whole business.
Yeah, and I don't want to pick on Joseph Gackie too much, you know, but I do have to pass up.
But I'll take part of the responsibility for it.
I don't know what Don Bailey-Jews' excuses, he's a great guy.
But I heard about two, three minutes of that broadcast last night.
And I've got to tell you right now.
It's one thing to be boring and ponderous.
And because I've been talking about that for so many years, maybe Joe has gone the opposite extreme.
Maybe I've pushed him like over the edge.
Everybody on their feet, 27 seconds ago.
Russell for drops, looking, looking, rolling, and so, in your way.
Thank you for all right.
Yogi Rob was the intended receiver.
He met him too far.
Rob laid out for it and it's into plates.
And Miami's gonna win this one.
They're gonna hold on and win this breathtaking performance.
28 to 21.
Oh man, talk about needing doggy donors, you know what?
And Don Bailey, Jr., I don't have a clip of that, but I did hear one where he's going.
Come on, come on, the guy's going down the field, gonna score a touchdown.
Come on, come on, making mad dogs seem like he's in a coma.
Just streaking in hysterical.
Joe, you got to tone it down a little bit.
Every play of every game can't be hysteria level because it, that's just not the way your broadcast is sporting event.
Psychotic, bush league, I mean, really embarrassing.
Did I say that? Embarrassing.
I like Joe, like I've said a lot.
He's a good guy, but wow, embarrassing, humiliating.
So anybody over the years who have ever ripped a mad dog for being too much of a homer and too psychotic.
Oh, like I said, he sounds like he needs to be poked into ribs and awakened compared to the stuff I heard last night.
And I've heard a couple of minutes because I came in here wanting to hear the score.
I'm really shocked by the way, Carlos.
I thought they were going to kick their ass and it goes to show it.
They're not as good as everybody thought they were.
Nope, they always start off slow.
I don't know if it's that they can't get it up.
They can't get it up.
I hear that's a frequent problem at UM.
Of course, don't be picking on them for a school that's only got like 40 or 50 students.
They're doing pretty damn good to her coons.
So they went at game, but boy, a lot closer than I thought it was going to be.
Anyway, I know Pits really good. Pits really, uh, here they are.
The doctors are warning.
What?
The number 19?
I don't give a crap what they are.
Okay, well, after having seen the FSU game, which the her coons deserve to lose in that Rutgers game, you know,
somebody's got to convince these guys that the game is four quarters, not just to play when they feel like it.
Maybe they're that good, you know, let's let's make that excuse for them.
They're that good that they just turn it on when they need to, just enough to win.
You know, like I like great racehorse who just wins by half a length all the time.
Just, you know, doesn't want to over exert.
You think that might be it?
Could be.
Let's excuse.
Doctors are warning that laptop computers may inflict a burn even though even through clothes skin.
It turns.
After the bizarre case of a Swedish scientist who scorched his penis and testicles while writing a report in his armchair.
The unnamed 50-year-old father of two had balanced the computer in his lamp while he wrote a reported home talking,
taking about an hour to do it according to a letter published in the next issue of the British Medical Weekly, the Lancet.
And I guess that was what he was doing.
He was lancin' it.
The following day he started to develop painful blisters on his four skin and scroat, which became infected but eventually cleared up without the need for antibiotics.
Laptop manuals usually advise users not to use the computer while its base is resting directly on exposed skin as heat can build up if the device is left on for a long time.
In this case, however, the patient had been wearing trousers and underpants.
The tale should be taken as a serious warning against use of a laptop computer in a literal sense, said the letters author,
Klase Groan Ostensen of the Department of Molecular Medicine at Stockholm's Keralinsk Institute.
How do you like that?
He burned his testes and his stuff.
His goods.
How could that have stuck up on him?
Now, giving the important stuff.
Oh, no, why do they show anist on here again?
Oh, you've got to be joking me.
Michael Jackson, what is wrong with you people on CNN? Are you crazy? You got to your mind?
Certainly not news network?
Was Victoria's show indecent?
If you had any doubts, if you thought I was exaggerating yesterday when I told you that the game is over, the jig is up.
Can I say that any more? The jig is up?
No.
The game is over.
Was Victoria's show indecent?
FCC Commissioner calls for a review of Standard.
His American continues taking big gigantic steps back into the stone age, into the dark ages.
He can't complain about the progress from the American under this administration because we're not making any.
As the goody-to-shoes Bible-thumping right-wing lunatics continue driving everybody back into the closet.
Everybody, back into the closet, folks.
It's going to start getting so damn crowded in there, you can only imagine what it's going to smell like.
A top communications official yesterday called for an overhaul of the government's broadcast and decency standard as hundreds of complaints flooded his office about the Victoria Secret lingerie fashion show that aired on Primetime National TV Wednesday night.
Let me do the break because I don't want to interrupt them. We'll do our poll about that.
Aren't you nauseant? Now you said you saw, say you've seen some of this stuff.
I saw the highlights that were going on the highlights.
And nothing like it, like the story said that you read more tame than last year.
Nothing compared to what they show on the fashion shows as a matter of course like the bulls.
Obviously exposed nipples.
Oh that's right, I forgot nipples and...
Correct them.
Cheeks, nipples and cheeks are very bad.
Of course anything between the naval and the knees verboten.
But the nipples be really bad.
Nipples are threatening to America, make no mistake about it. They've killed millions.
Yeah.
Guns are good. But nipples are bad. Just keep that in mind.
Okay. So next time you get a little bit horny, just start looking on the tip of your cold 45.
Beer that is.
Hey if you love your home but you need more space, what do you do? Do hundreds of other people are doing cost-rickly additions.
Whether you're having a baby in another room, if you're converting a carp order patio and living space, maybe you went into business for yourself and you want to make a home or office.
There's any of these things or any other things.
The smart thing to do it, that's the case is cost-rickly additions.
There you're one stop, shop, more space for your place, place with an absolutely rare free approach to expanding your living space.
Those no-shows by the contractors won't happen with these people.
No incomplete work, no one expected bills, no worries about the job not getting done right because they're perfectionist and they'll take care of every single last detail for you.
They draw up your blueprints, they get the building permits, handle all they paint any as inspections do.
Strictly, additions has got that easy, that simple five step approach to total customer satisfaction.
First, they call the schedule a free project evaluation deployment at your home where a project estimator will determine the scope of your addition.
Second, schedule a bid deployment in their convenient sure room where you'll get a detailed proposal and an exact price for the work.
Underline, exact.
Third, select your finishing touches, go to contract, fourth, review the design and architectural drawings and fifth, sit back and relax.
And just breathe easy as your dream addition moves ahead on schedule with the unbeatable quality.
Like I said, they're licensed, they're insured professionals who want to do a stupendous job like they did for George.
Check out their ad in yellow pages, they serve all of Broward and South Palm Beach counties.
Tell them that old Neil and PD Lenny told you to call strictly additions for a stupendous job every time, call 954-791-8100.
That's 954-791-8100 for strictly additions.
Line and local.
We're sports video 560-7-7-8-7-8100.
Don't you go back to New York, you want bastards?
You like boots a lot?
Yes, you like boots a lot?
Boots a lot?
Boots a lot?
You like boots a lot?
Really like boots a lot?
You like boots a lot?
Boots a lot?
You like boots a lot?
Down in the locker room, just be boys.
Beans a locker room for all that noise.
You get you like boots a lot?
You like boots a lot?
Boots a lot?
You like boots a lot?
Tell your way to jack a lot?
Yes, a perfect jack a lot.
Got two witty jack a lot.
You like jack a lot?
You like jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
Got two witty jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
You got a way to jack a lot?
9.19. How could I have forgotten today's November 22nd?
Did you know that?
Yeah.
Doesn't have any significance to you?
No.
39 years ago today?
Who got shot?
Who was assassinated 39 years ago today?
Who was assassinated 39 years ago today?
Rhymes with today?
JFK?
Oh, very good.
See you speak in Spanish again on this show.
Come on.
Well, just I just dawned on me because now that they finished with all the Michael Jackson
crap, they finally are putting this on CNN and they certainly not news network.
I thought to myself, I'll be damned.
Of course, that was the Lee Harvey Oswald on a dimmy.
No.
No, of course not.
Anybody with a brain knows that it was not him.
But, you know, it's one of those things.
The American public can't be confused with too much of the truth.
It's not good for us.
The government's going to let us know what's good for us and we'll just say,
yes, knows it, whatever, however that thing goes.
How does that thing go?
You know what I'm talking about?
No.
Yeah, yes, it bothers us.
How about that thing goes you got?
It goes like this.
He has a boss knows a boss.
Yeah, like that.
Michael cops one of the five commissioners at the FCC.
I seriously, I thought the thing I read yesterday, which I am going to repeat today about him.
Young Americans getting a D in geography.
I thought that set me back away.
This just makes me want to barf.
Michael cops one of the five commissioners at the FCC urged the agency to revise the definition of indecency
and also look into whether it should be expanded to include of scene, violent and profane programming.
The current definition of indecency to make sure to be capturing for enforcement purposes,
some of these programs and it is not cops sold reporters during a briefing,
we're only having a positive enforcement actions against programming that is palpably and demonstrably indecent.
Now wait a little bit.
This cops said he didn't watch the fashion show that era on Viacom and CBS television network.
He didn't even see it.
Right away he gave the party line response.
Federal indecency rules bar the broadcast of obscene material,
a limit of the hearing of indecent material that contains sexual or excretory references in a patently offensive manner.
I am strongly of the opinion we ought to be considering excessive violence as part of that definition he said.
A revision is sensitive, it's delicate, it's difficult to do that, but I think we need to do that, he said.
Cops made the comments to reporters in his orifice, behind him on his computer there were more than 300 emails from the public complaining about the lingerie fashion show.
This in a country of 270 million people by the way, 300 emails, wow.
Some of the emails had subject lines that said, when will this trash stop?
And Victoria Secrets Muck Show, I'll tell you when it stops and that's when you turn it out on another show, when you press your clicker.
What a concept.
What do you do that?
CBS aired the show Wednesday at 9 p.m. considered a primetime viewing slide of Victoria Secrets, a unit of limited brands spent $7 million to produce the highly watched show.
Last year Walt Disney Company's ABC TV network aired the fashion show and had about 12.4 million viewers, the FCCBC's scores of complaints, but said that they didn't demonstrate the sexual aspect of the material was so graphic or explicit as to be patently offensive, a spokeswoman for CBS was not immediately available for comment.
Cops yesterday also wondered if there was a link between the rise on what he described as more in-discency and broadcasts and the consolidation in the media industry, whether it was merely a simple coincidence.
Separately the commissioner, the lone Democrat on the commissioner, said he would go ahead with plant-stole public hearings on the agency's review of ownership, ownership, limits in the media, even though the idea has not one support from FCC Chairman Michael Powell, son of Secretary of State Colin Powell I just mentioned in passing.
The FCC is reviewing limits on how much of the national television audience one entity should be allowed to reach limits on local radio station concentration and ban on some common ownership of TV and radio stations or television station and a newspaper.
The agency hopes to have a proposal for the commissioners by the spring of next year.
I don't see how hearings would delay the process or make the process a lot more comfortable, yada yada yada, but if thrushed of this, the crux of it is, we have to have a new standard for indecency and we don't want to see no more breast and certainly no nipples on your TV screen.
You're not going to be able to see the screen, because they got 300 emails.
Are you ready for that?
No, I'm not ready for it.
300 emails?
Wow.
Yeah, from people whose clicker revenue, maybe their batteries ran low under pacemaker and their clicker too.
That's like the old people in half of one condo in Helen Dale.
Right.
We're offended by that.
When will this trash stop?
Like I said, when you turn the channel, then you don't have to be exposed to it.
If you don't like cartoons, don't watch them.
If you don't like horror shows, if you don't like cop shows like George, don't watch them.
Very simple.
There's 80 billion channels.
Even somebody with a rabbit ears now living in the Dubuque Iowa gets 16 different channels and most of us get about 400 channels.
Even if you only have digital cable.
So what's the problem?
Okay. If you don't like it, turn it off.
Here's the poll today.
I don't want to get whipped up about it, but it just frosted my ass.
Oh, don't forget, join George tomorrow.
111 at the singular wireless look ahead and have an tour at 20335 at the Skynvulabart.
20335 at the Skynvulabart.
Stop by to when prices registered to win up front tickets, drop coming.
Panthers hockey game.
That's tomorrow 111 with George.
He needs the cash.
Here's the poll today.
Does TV show too much nudity and indecent material?
We've got five nifty choices for you.
Yes, it needs to be stopped.
No, just about the right amount.
Hell no, I want to see much more.
Too much violence not enough sex or if you're offended by any show, change the channel stupid.
I think there are five pretty good choices there.
Oh, you're giving me tough choices.
Those TV show too much nudity and indecent material.
Yes, it needs to be stopped.
No, just about the right amount.
Hell no, I want to see much more.
Too much violence not enough sex or if you're offended by any show.
Change the channel stupid.
How long is the public going to sit back and continue to put up with this crap?
More and more censorship, more and more repression, more and more 15th century thinking.
And the public just sits back and move a little bit like that.
Like I said, the right wingers man, they're ripped up into a frenzy.
See, that's the thing that Tom Dashler doesn't understand why he's whining about Rush Limbaugh and this one and that one.
He don't get it.
Those people, whether you like him or not, like I've been telling you all week long,
they're motivated, they're highly motivated, they're rabid, they're foaming at them out.
They're doing something, they're activists, they're involved, they're making things happen.
They're taking over the goddamn country.
While the rest of the people are like, lipp, lipp, lipp, like that.
That's one of the reasons that Phil Donahue's got a point.
60 side effect he's been off the air for 20 years.
Nobody knows who he is anymore.
Under the age of 100 plus the fact he's old, funny, dirty.
And there's a good show about once every two months.
But other than that, there are no liberals left.
Liberals have been very effective.
Leave it intimidated and put back into the closet.
That's right, it's unfashionable to be a liberal in America.
And so he just dumb me up and let all these other people do their thing.
And you know, that's it, that's the way it goes.
While the rest of you folks get to whatever's left over, whatever these people decide you can have.
What you can see, what you can read, what you can touch.
And that's it.
Look at the tremendously phenomenal response we get on this program.
I heard they were talking last night on cron softballs with your buddy, Chris Matthews,
about that whole national limbo thing.
And the fact that a matter is that, and then we're talking about nationwide,
how many liberal talk host of any note are there, and it couldn't come up with anybody.
I mean, you got me on this one little puke radio station in Miami on this sports station.
But we're talking about a nationwide voice.
Name me one.
Name me one prominent liberal talk show host in America.
Yeah, I'm talking about on radio.
Forget about it, that makes sense.
927 at 560 WQA.
And Tom Leven and Halopani at GMCR Proud there.
Please dispunge to announce the great Neil Rogers needle needle zero percent sale.
How many more times can you say Neil?
Yes, with a proof credit from GMAC gets you zero down payment and zero percent financing
on all 2002 and 2003 Pontiac and GMC models plus zero payments for 90 days.
Or take your rebate of up to 5 grand, the choice is yours.
And as always, it hallowed zero hassles.
Don't forget to mention you heard about all these things on the Neil Rogers show, the Neil Deal.
And save even more.
Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs, including the on-board, the big gas guzzlers that Jesus would be embarrassed by,
but Tom's not voted by motor trend is the SUV of the year and they are a new Pontiac vibe SUV that's got the power of a sports car and really pukes out the gas.
Halop's also got a stupendous unbeatable selection of dependable used cars, trucks and SUVs right there on the lot.
And as far as credit is concerned, if the worst deadbeat that ever came down the pike, no problem at Halop they will cut you a deal.
It's the great Neil deal zero percent sale going on right now as I speak.
And Halopani Ag GMC will find them in a safe grand place.
They've been doing it right for over 35 years.
134-1 South Dixie Highway, that's US 1 across from the falls open every day, seven days a week.
For more information about this new deal called the Neil Deal Hotline, toll free 1-885-344-121.
That's 1-885-344-4-8211, Halopani Ag GMC, we be professional grades.
It's my life and local, this is 4-805-6.
You weigh in weigh.
Why the are you bursting?
Hi, this is Janet Jackson and my new album sucks.
So I've got one of those here.
You got that coffee heart?
See!
As I said in Newst make, I love coffee animals.
See, they cappin' the back half.
That's why I'm opening up my chain of coffee animal places called Starbucks.
See! Starbucks!
Starbucks!
We've secretly replaced Janet's coffee with piping hot Folger's crystals.
One, you got those gloves on?
See!
How I got coffee?
Ah!
Woohoo!
Woohoo!
Hi!
Woohoo!
Welcome!
932-560-2M-2Q-A-M.
The Beast!
Oh my God!
The Beast gets a big blurb in Jim Sarni's column in the Sun Central this morning.
And of course next Thursday, a week from yesterday.
Thanksgiving Day.
Since all the rest of us are taking a well-deserved day off, are we?
Yes, we are.
Well, not Carlos.
Carlos will be there.
In fact, it'll be a real treat.
Carlos, working with somebody as unprofessional as the Beast.
If Jim Sarni writes, Beast, a beauty of a reporter.
It says Brian London is Andy Rooney's kind of sideline reporter.
London who covers the sidelines on University of Miami football broadcast on QA
and is better known as the Beast.
He's not Jill Errington, said you play by play voice, Joe Zagaki.
I look more like Danny Davido Stunt double, said London 26,
who was elevated to sideline reporter this season in addition to working the pregame in postgame shows
The Beast fits my personality, he'd be saying.
London A 1998 UM graduate has been around the canes for the past nine years,
working first for WVU and the campus radio station,
familiarity breeds trust, says Jim Sarni.
I don't think I could have, uh, do the, uh, done this job if the players and coaches didn't trust me, said London.
A native of Linfield Mass.
I've been around for a while and the team is comfortable with me, said.
S sideline reporters have always been a source of debate.
Rooney, this 60 minutes commentator, doesn't like women on the job.
Some announcers think they're extraneous.
S sideline reporters are important said, London, who won't get an argument from broadcast
made Zagaki and Don Bailey, the hyperactive ones who both start out as sideline reporters
before moving up to the boot.
The guys in the booth can have all the stats and information,
but they don't know what's going on on the bench.
On the eyes and ears of Joe and Don and the fans, said the Beast.
The Beast has become a cult figure on WDQM,
thanks in part to Angleberg and Neil Rogers.
Got his nickname from his tennis playing days in high school.
I was a junior John Mackinroy with a horrible temper and one day at prick.
Can you see the Beast playing tennis?
No.
Oh my god.
I was a junior John Mackinroy with a horrible temper and one day at practice
our coach who hardly ever said a word just said there in a tweed jacket smoking a pipe.
Suddenly screamed, start playing and stopped acting like a beast London said in the nickname stuck.
Oh, see, I never knew that.
Did you know that?
I thought it was just an appearance thing.
Well, there you go.
London will work on UM basketball and baseball broadcast.
We're like to host a morning talk show someday.
Oh my god.
I didn't even read that part of this.
He liked to host a morning talk show someday.
Not capital ID.
But he also has musical ambitions.
It's a fans' dream to be on the sidelines,
but I'd love to play drums in a reggae band,
said London who played in a band Deepwater Blues,
a mix in Irvana and the Dead in high school,
and also marked in the UM band.
I'd like to entertain people, he said.
How do you like that?
The Beast is looking to move in and do a morning show.
Is what he said.
What?
Good little practice next Thursday.
I'll be doing this show on Thanksgiving Day from 9 to 1.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I'd like to hear from some people who actually saw that
Victoria Secret show the other night,
and were deeply offended and wounded by it or not.
When you like to hear about that since we didn't read it.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello?
Oh, hey, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
You know, I think Randy Rose is a...
Chronic.
Chronic.
What's up?
Chronic.
Oh yeah.
Go away.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We don't do Chronic's on this show.
Okay.
Call up by the goddess.
We're going to hand you one.
We're not talking about Randy Rose or Dusty Rose or
a faulty towers or any of that stuff.
Okay.
Get with it.
Get with it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60.
See what I'm saying?
About the right wingers?
If somebody wanted to get them whipped up into a frenzy,
they could have four million people calling the White House
and screaming and belly-hicken about Victoria Secret
and CBS needs to have their licensey-anked
and about the too many boobs on TV and nipples and whatever.
Nipples and bits.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Kendall.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, good morning.
The other morning.
When is the news?
I watched the...
I was listening to the channels the other night and I...
I ran across that Victoria Secret show and...
I...
I really just watched it about...
I, you know, flipped through it and I watched for...
The lack of the clothes, I guess you could say.
Yeah.
And they...
Were you offended by it?
No, sir, not at all.
Because I mean, if you ever see a Busty model or...
I mean, they're not that way.
They're like a tweaky thing.
And it didn't do much for me.
They showed some like dental floss, fake, you know, like the backside.
And maybe a couple of nipples or whatever.
But it didn't do much for me.
I see more on this famous channel.
And, you know, just...
I don't understand it.
But I mean, you know, I mean, they're looking some stuff there.
It was a Victoria Secret.
These people don't know what Victoria Secret is about.
Maybe they should stop in and see one of these places.
It's like...
Yeah.
Yeah, that's about the truth.
I think most of these people that sell those emails need to get laid.
I think that's their problem.
I think they need to get a life.
Yeah.
You know, I mean, it wasn't that bad.
And people knew what it was all about.
And they could change the channel.
And people like...
If I don't like you guys some days, I'll change the channel.
But, you know, most of the time...
Don't go down.
Don't go down.
I listen up, you know.
And everything's going just...
I don't know why they would be complaining.
But you can't please everybody.
Okay, I heard a great day, pal.
And don't change our channel, please.
51 votes already.
The poll is up.
This TV show too much nudity in the indecent material.
If you're offended by any show,
change the FN channels stupid.
33 you said that out of 51.
Hell no, I want to see much more.
8.
Too much violence, not enough sex.
8.
Yes, it needs to be stopped.
1.
And no just about the right amount.
None.
5.670560.
I guess we don't have anybody in this audience who saw Victoria's
secret the other night.
Just not.
Besides that.
But he does have a good point though.
And it is that most of those models are like...
They do look like Mr. Tuy.
And are rexic like they're on the care and carpenter diet.
Here's a hellendale.
Hellendale.
Hellendale.
You have to unlock it.
You got to calm down.
You're a little bit too hyper, okay?
Just relax.
Hellendale.
Hellendale.
See I see all those other lines flashing and Carlos is worried about whether I should unlock it,
whether I should stick the key and somebody's...
Break them.
Just get those people out, holo Carlos.
I can't want to start playing Butch Boss.
But instead of giving me instructions, just get these people going here.
Because it's a little bit frustrating.
You know what I'm saying?
You follow?
Yeah.
You follow?
You follow?
Yeah.
What do you mean the phone cracked out again?
It did a thing.
We're not having another QAM technical difficulty.
Are we?
Oh no.
That's what happened.
Oh boy.
Not on this station.
Here's Voka.
Hello.
I guess that's green calls now, huh?
Can you be the thing with Victoria's secrets?
Yeah.
Absolutely ridiculous.
If the government can spend one second even worried about something like that with the crap that's going on in this country.
Yeah.
We're under a purple alert and we're worried about all these spectacular attacks by Al Qaeda.
And we're worried about a couple of nipples maybe get through on TV?
Yeah.
I mean, you know, really it's too.
You can just take that religious conservative part out of the conservative party.
You know, I can almost like get into it because it's that part of it.
You know, that makes me hate it.
You know, I mean, right?
Well, that's not part of it.
That's the heart and soul of it.
That's where it's at today.
That's what it's all a boot.
Unfortunately, yeah, it infiltrates into other things.
You're getting to be a forcing issue, the stem cell research crap, that effect, you know, by his religious views.
And I hate that part of it, you know, but the other stuff, the only militarily, I hate to think what would happen if we did have, you know, Gore and the President right now.
I just don't know who would have been, you know, I don't know.
I just don't know what would have happened in that respect.
I just, I just feel like that the, you know, I wish there was a party that could be conservative, but it would take the religious part of it and just run on the hell out of there.
Okay, good luck to you, sir.
I'll see you at the border.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
See how I like this little box, you know, when you drop on here, it's like a pause.
There's like, I don't want to bellyache technical again, but just one of those things.
You know what I'm saying?
No, what do you say?
I'm saying it blows.
20 till 10 at 5, 60 WQ AM is Rob.
I thought we're going to have like a real swell show today.
I thought we were going to like, what?
Why? Just because we have.
No, because things have been going so swimmingly well.
Most days this week would accept New Wednesday, which is a little bit psychotic, but, you know, it's one of those things.
But I don't know.
But then we have these technical glitches and it's, it's not too good.
And it's very frustrating, but why should I, why should I expect any different?
Like all of a sudden, these people are going to wake up.
They're going to wake up and sniff the daffodils.
They just don't give a flying crap. That's all.
They don't care.
So don't be bitching about it any time in the future because you get what you deserve.
You sit back and let all these other nut cases.
They're all organized. They're all like emailing each other.
And they're all, you know, doing this and doing that and creeping this and creeping that and creeping here and creeping there.
They're under your bed, they're on your goddamn walls.
And the rest of the public is sitting back. What are finger up their ass?
I don't get it. How can there be so many stupid people, which leads me back to that thing again about the young people,
not having any clue where to goddamn U.S. is on the map, where their ass is.
Thanks, givens, coming on. I'm doing the wrong spot.
I'm way ahead of myself. You want to know why? Because I'm going to if I really move faster than this whole thing by 10.
My and loopholes. This is 4.2560.
You ain't can't do it.
He'll ride you.
God.
Just something about it.
When I inhale, it's like, uh, wow, dude.
Kind of sucks, though.
When a seed pops in your eye, it's a real bummer.
If you just roll it tight, I'll put that to be to my flame.
Now I'm a glassy eyed, timber-like, and funny things go to my brain.
Ask me what happened one minute ago.
I won't remember.
Take another trophy.
Ashes make light shows.
The falling embers.
Bye, bye, bye.
Come on over and the side of one up.
The stuff I tore up off this guy.
He said TVMA before the show started, said, you may be offended.
Is that any other? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And it was nothing.
I mean, I've seen worse under Discovery Channel.
Let's say you've seen worse. You've seen better.
I mean, I should say that because now they're going to go after the Discovery Channel.
Yeah, they're tracing the call.
Okay, thanks.
See, this is what you people have been conditioned into believing that somehow the human body is dirty again.
They so dirty.
It's that same old crap again.
And here we are. It's 2000 freaking two.
And you go to any other country in Western Europe and on over the air.
I'm not even talking about cable channels.
Over the air channels.
You'll see not only nudity, but you'll see porn conflicts on over the air channels.
In Russia.
Because the ratings were so crappy, they put the broad on here to do the news and the weather in naked.
Remember that? Yeah.
That had to be at least four or five years ago, at least.
And what do we got going on here?
Olders are fashion show with some scantily clad babes in lingerie.
And the FCC is going to clamp down.
Pretty soon we won't even be able to see anything.
Just hello and goodbye.
And that's it.
And how you be doing and how you, whatever, how that goes.
And there is no way to get through.
I'm sure you're not going to do it on this show with this dead ass audience we got with this crowd of lethargic walking dead.
The only thing that they get whipped up in South Florida about like I've told you for a hundred years is if they can find something for free or a good deal on the early bird.
Other than that, forget about it.
Sitting back and whining and complaining and mowing and oh gee, what are we going to do?
Maybe get off your dead ass, okay?
Every time you take a poor, do anything in this country right away.
All these right winged wing nuts they're on there and they're emailing each other and they're on the phone and they're coming out of their closet under the bed.
They're making noise.
Okay. It's the greasy wheel.
How does that thing go?
The squeaky grids, squeaky beast that gets the grease.
That's right.
Here's West Palm Beach. Hello.
West Palm.
Sad ain't it?
Yeah.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hollywood.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Yeah, I thought it was our Wednesday night.
I thought it was our Wednesday night.
I was the other night.
It was like I caught a dude talking about it and that guy was a whack.
The whole thing.
I didn't put it this way.
They're commercial stuff, better stuff.
Yeah.
And you know what?
Music, and the jokes, everything was horrible about it.
And you were right.
They do show better stuff up in Europe than they do show in this country.
Okay, thanks.
You hear that? They show better stuff.
It's not a question of better stuff or worse stuff.
Don't you, they don't understand it.
They just don't get it.
You've been repressed for so long.
You don't get it.
You don't understand it.
There is nothing wrong with nudity.
There's nothing wrong with a human body.
There's nothing inherently filthy about it.
And look at that.
The phone just scrapped out again.
No.
Good thing he was in there right now.
Julio's in there doing much.
He's running around the phone again.
He figured out.
Oh, geez.
Julio, don't be dicking with our phone when you're pleased.
No, he wasn't dicking with it.
Go and have a pastrami sandwich.
Please.
He's just looking.
He hasn't touched anything.
He must have the evil look.
He must have that evil spell because he looked at it.
And all of a sudden, every line was lit up under and they all vanished.
And I heard some kind of like on a phone there.
Or maybe was Julio did that?
Do you think he did it?
He did something.
If he did that, you'd have been scattering already.
I guarantee you that.
With the volume of crap that he's scattering.
Yeah.
Five, six, seven.
I see.
There you go again.
The FCC will be on our ass because you said scattering.
See?
Hey, you just said that.
You're not supposed to say it that way.
You're not supposed to pause in there.
It fells wrong with you.
It's scatsoffle.
That was George's dumbass.
Here's line 10.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Gone about the victorious thing.
You know, if they want to stop nudity, why don't you stop violence then?
Like the Miami Dict, the football, the NFL, let's go after that.
Of course, it can't be the dolphins because they don't have any violence on the air team.
But anyway.
But anyway.
Yeah.
What about all the other programs like the sopranos?
Yeah, let's get that off the air.
You're going with the violence on that.
They're killing people.
This is not the guy with the eyes.
This is not the guy with the eyes.
What's wrong with you, George?
But he is boring.
God is he ponderous.
When somebody says, but anyway.
Huh?
No, but I mean, you know right off the bat that even he's bored by his call when a guy in the middle
of his sentence says, but anyway.
Anyway.
What is happening with this phone system?
It's getting up.
It keeps resetting itself.
And why is that?
Because it's telos.
Because we've been doing a little bit too well lately.
Everything has been going a little bit too smoothly.
And I can actually hear the callers.
We actually been getting some, which we had many today, but they're not staying on there
because the phone is f'd up because it's the QAMF.
Anyway, I'll take the time just to read some of this crap from the ADA, the American
Decenty Association.
Victoria Secret Softcore and Porn Special by Bill Johnson.
As in, don't be touching your Johnson.
ADA received a number of phone calls and emails alerting us to Victoria Secret highly publicized
fashion show November 15, which of course was moved ahead till Wednesday.
But I guess it's not in here.
This is earlier.
I had a chance to review the tape I can only once again say how concerning it is that more
and more toxic images eroticism permeate our airwaves.
Many young men and women in their teens and twenties are surrounded by such uninvited
and invited displays of images portrayed as normal, yet laden with ingredients that
subtly undermines the very roots of their morality.
And I would be letting many off the hook to suggest if this is true only for the young.
Clearly this is not just a problem for the adolescent.
At ADA we on a shame at least believe in boycotts.
Victoria Secret has been on our boycot list for several years.
There are naysayers.
There are always naysayers.
Some say boycotting company that merely sells lingerie is silly.
Victoria Secret Fashion Show merely affirms the reason why we target them as a business
that should be avoided.
They aggressively use eroticism to market their product.
Angle ADA's administrative assistant shared with her middle school aged daughter are concerned
with Victoria Secret Fashion Show.
Her daughter responded that it was viewed by numbers of kids in the middle school, 12, 13
and 14-year-olds.
Oh my God.
So what harm is there in such a one-hour special airing at 9 p.m. on a week that you ask?
Let me count the ways he says.
He's got a list of three.
Then he's got a list of action needed with all these addresses that is in corporation,
Stephen Bornstein, Yadi, and of course the Disney Corporation in Eratos last time, it
was CBS.
Philip's electronics North American corporate sentiment so on.
Let us count the ways.
One, with cameras focusing, closely unbouncing, protruding breasts and cleavages, isn't it
somewhat of an o-brainer?
Huh?
When you've got those cameras zooming in there, unbouncing, protruding boobies, isn't that
like a tenured off the bat?
Yeah, that tells me something.
To men, to men, how many of us have once upon a time struggled with lust, self-pleasuring,
masturbation, leering?
How many have been addicted to pornography and or sex?
How many of us have grown dissatisfied with our mates as we have compared our wives to
look at some hot model and growing dissatisfied?
How many have had adulterous affairs in thought and in reality?
Even if you're thinking about it, see?
Even if you're looking at Brittany on air and at Pepsi's spot and you thought about it,
you're an evil doer.
To women, how many young ladies, even young girls aged ten and even younger, have compared
themselves to the eroticized looks of models like those who strutted across the states
for a victorious secret?
And as you've compared yourself in the eyes, you come up short.
Yeah, I can say that.
How many of you have tried to recreate yourself so that somehow you'd be sexy, sexual?
The insecurities and then adequacies that emanate from such comparison must be incredible?
How many young women inadvertently learn to sell themselves short and in the process
of sell settle for much less than they should, like maybe only forty bucks?
If a man ogles them, they think it's love and fall into a pattern of premarital sex,
to please a man who doesn't really love them but certainly enjoys sex.
How many foolishly have believed that they were loved when they were merely sex toys
for a season?
And it goes on, there's more.
To be continued.
Join the locals.
This is 5 cities.
The rings on your walls and these thugs are outside.
You well here?
Try the you bastards.
Sitting at home watching, white lotterdale.
Talking about how bombs are stealing 95-yard rail.
When Suggle Leigh with a bullet and a dish up onto the screen.
Came his partner and Bishop, she said this just end.
To eyewitness news, it's come from no Martina than the two lies.
Oh, they'll have more distails coming up at 5.30.
He pulled them from the stores because they so jerky.
Oh, they're so jerky. Oh, they're so jerky.
They curse all the time. Oh, they're so jerky.
So, so, so jerky. Oh, they're so jerky.
They curse all the time.
Bob had heard the album and he was up all.
He said, thank you, Janet Reno.
I'm glad that you're called.
We got to take a stand against this 13.
Ron, besides it's really close to election time.
His Broward judge, friend said I will not fail you.
I will send for any mention of Janet Talia.
They're selling sex to kids going through puberty.
The two lie cruel. Yeah, they so dirty.
Oh, they're so jerky. Oh, they're so jerky.
Oh, they're so jerky. They curse all the time.
Oh, they're so jerky. So, so, so jerky.
Oh, they're so jerky. They curse all the time.
He kept rapper butt to show he had guts.
So, most of the people said this guy is a pus.
He rid the land of that noise pollution.
Even though it went against a constitution and what did Luke do?
Durant all of the jobs? So, 10,000 more copies.
At 12.95, he bought a brand new Mercedes.
It's really perky driving into the bank.
Because he so jerky.
Oh, they're so jerky.
Oh, they're so jerky.
Oh, they're so jerky.
They curse all the time.
Oh, they're so jerky. So, so, so jerky.
Oh, they're so jerky. They curse all the time.
10 on 3 5 60, man. The power of this show, you know what?
No. It is incredible. Take a look at that phone, man.
That bear's act is what I was saying, doesn't it?
Yeah, right.
I'm sitting here getting all whipped up and screaming but you know, it's a
kill some good time. 141 votes on the pool. This TV show too much nudity and
indecent material. 141 votes 89 say if you're offended by any show change the
FN channels stupid. 23 say hello. I want to see much more. 21 said too much violence
not enough sex. Yes, it needs to be stopped seven and now just about the right
amount. None. Nobody said that. Just like the number of calls we got. Zero.
Oh. 20 six and a half years for this. Like I said to the caller the other day
and you can believe it or not I really don't give a crap because it's the truth.
It's only for the money. That's the only reward doing this show and software.
No, you wouldn't let you. Only for the money. Yeah. You need that outlet. Yeah.
I got an outlet for you. Okay. Right. And here's what's coming for you.
Not a single call on that board. When they come to take all your asses away. Okay.
I'll be an Amsterdam. Al Qaeda leader Abu Al Nashiri the network chief of operations
and the Persian Gulf has been captured. There was some good news yesterday. Finally,
according to US government officials Al Nashiri suspected mastermind of the story.
USS cool bombing in October 2000 was captured in an undisclosed country earlier this month
days ago. I think was 13 days ago. They said and in his in US custody. He's the highest
ranking. I'll cut operative captured since the CIA FBI and Pakistani authorities captured
bin Laden's operations chief Abu Zubat in the Pakistan in March. US officials had recently
said a senior Al Qaeda leader had been caught but they declined to identify him. On Sunday,
Homeland Security directed Tom Ridge said leader was providing information to his interrogators.
He was spilling the old scenes. Al Nashiri suspected the number of other Al Qaeda terrorist plots
including the 1980s African embassy bombings. One of the suicide bombers is the attack on the
network. The embassy known as Azam is believed to have been his cousin. Al Nashiri said to be either
Saudi or Yemeni. But he liked that. Young Americans get D in geography. I'm going to read this
again just to make me feel better even though maybe nobody in the audience wants to hear it again.
I want you to listen on every word. Okay? And if the full fits, bear it. That's my comment to you.
It's disgusting. It's deflating. It's pathetic. It's sad. Just like the story I had yesterday about
the failing grades. The worst graduation rate of high schools anywhere in the country in South Florida.
In the state of Florida. And we elected Jeb. He's doing such a good job. He's the education governor.
Huh? All I have to do is raise the specter of taxes. I'm having to pay in another diamond
tax in the state that's got no state income tax in the first place. And that's all you have to do.
Just make up a story in life of the public and that's what it takes.
Young Americans may soon have to fight a war in Iraq but most of them can't even find that
country on a map the National Geographic Society said Wednesday. The survey points to increasing
geographic illiteracy report CBS News Correspondent Peter Mayer on a world map young Americans could
only find seven of 16 countries on a quiz. Many could not pinpoint specific states.
Only about one in seven 13% of Americans between the ages of 18 and 24 the primates for military
war years could find Iraq. The score was the same for Iran and Iraqi neighbor. Maybe that's because
it's so small. Although the majority 58% of the young Americans surveyed knew that the Taliban
and Al Qaeda were based in Afghanistan only 17% could find that country on a world map. Another small
one. A U.S. led force attacked the Taliban Al Qaeda that goes on to say we were quite stunned to
find out that these people didn't know where Iraq was. Teri Garcia of National Geographic
Magazine told CBS Radio Station WBZ it demonstrated the West Norway lack of basic geographic skills
but also a disengagement a turning inward almost an isolationist tendency.
Those results are stunning in many ways discouraging just like the show is to me discouraging
National Geographic Society President John Faye told a Washington news conference
calling it an apparent retreat by young people from a global society in an era that doesn't
allow such a luxury. While 9-11 may have changed many things it hasn't changed the insularity
of our young people he said. The survey has 56 geographic and current events questions of young
people in nine countries and scored the results with traditional grades. The surveyed Americans got
a D with an average of 23 correct answers Mexico ranked last with an average score 21 just three
points from a failing grade. Topping the scoring was Sweden with an average of 40 followed by Germany
and Italy each with 38 none of the countries got an A which required average scores of 42 answers
or better on the 56 questions asked. National Geographic is convening an international
panel of policymakers and business and media leaders to find ways to improve geographic education
and to encourage interest in world affairs the society said. Cultural and media influences get
the blame and a credit for geographical knowledge young people are more elected locate CBS
survivor island that can find Afghanistan Iraq or New Jersey experts reaching new teaching
researching new teaching methods it could take years to close the knowledge gap years like about
100. The survivor shows location with the Marqueses Islands and Eastern South Pacific it says
as if we care other findings from the survey and this is the part that just enough to make you
throw your arms in here just like me with this show just throw your arms up and air say to how
with it you know effort but you just like feel that way as every now and then all the time what
what's the point what's the use try to break through to the goddamn masses out there well what's
what's the point might as well be sitting here talking to myself rubbing my big toe
for how are that exactly
other findings from the survey when asked to find 10 specific states states on a map of the US only
Californian Texas could be located by a large majority of those surveyed both states were
correctly located by 89% of the participants only 51% could find New York the nation's third most
popular states and one of the biggest and most uniquely shaped states right there on that map
on a world map Americans could find an average of only seven of 16 countries in the quiz only 89
only this this is the part that's enough to make you want to lie down on the floor and just stick
your head up your ass lay down on the floor and just do a little calisthenics and stick your head
deep inside your back to ass only 89% of the American survey could find their own country on the map
probably because it's so small you know right probably because it looks more like you know a lot
like France and Sweden
Mexico Peru and it's not like you know in a conspicuous location either no
in the world map test Swedes could find an average of 13 of the 16 countries Germans and
Italians were next to the average of 12 each only 71 only 71% of the surveyed Americans could
locate on the map the Pacific Ocean the world's largest body of water probably because it's so
inconspicuous worldwide three and ten of those survey couldn't correctly locate the Pacific Ocean
although 81% of the surveyed Americans knew that the Middle East is the earth's largest oil
exporter only 24% could find Saudi Arabia on a map and like I said yesterday probably because
it's so tiny yes and it's got such a you know non-descript shape and it's lost in there all
among all those other countries yeah that they don't know the international survey was conducted
for the National Geographic by Roper ASW the results are based on face-to-face interviews
how face-to-face oh boy talk about hiding your pus with least 300 men and women aged 18 to 24
in Canada France Germany Italy Japan Mexico Sweden Britain and the US of A the United States of
Asceninity the questionnaires were in the local language but the content was all the same I'm saving
this for posterior I'm gonna wipe my back down with it is what I'm gonna do only 89% of these 18 to
24 year olds in the US could find the United States on the map wow 12 minutes after 10 to 560 WQA
and thanks you haven't come next Thursday everyone's gonna be flocking home to be together again
can we say flocking oh they're gonna be gathering gather around the table with delicious homemade food
and family traditions after all it's not the turkey that makes the meal specialets the people
getting ready for the hungry guest can be a real pain in the arse especially if they're going to
automatically make your holiday preparations a little bit easier now's the time to call them at 1-800
Macrison get that new Macrison before the house gets get there if they already told you that they're
coming or even if you don't hear from them until the night before makes no difference because
Dalamakras can deliver a top quality silly sir to sins or king coal macris the same day you be calling
them I've been sleeping on a Dalamakras for years look how lovely I look call Dalamakras right now
at 1-800 Macrison talk turkey with a bed and consult the choose from the very best macrizes and
even better prices rest easy this Thanksgiving is coming soon baby next Thursday knowing that
everybody's sleeping comfortably get ready for the holidays right now do it this weekend by
calling 1-800 Macrison that's 1-800 MATT RES for Dalamakras and be sure in time that old Neil and
Fatboy told you to call 1-800 MATT RES brand name bed same day service call them now and be
sleeping like a baby tonight
we're sports radio 5-6-8-2-8
mom baby come play with these titties
oh I'm a monkey or I'm a lazy the monkey the monkey wear all monkeys now
I'm a monkey or I'm a lazy the monkey the monkey wear all monkeys now
swinging tree to tree with scream that's what can show no response that's what we're all up
we don't know anything we're told because we don't know how the brush I see don't come our
hair we don't even wear clothes we like to make you crazy with our firemen for checks falls
I'm a monkey or I'm a lazy the monkey he's a monkey wear all monkeys now we're not well-mannered well
me hey we just look to drop problems don't come from
me you laugh until we are bad then we'll lay down scratch our butts and watch you
I'll turn red I'm a monkey or I'm a lazy the monkey he's a monkey wear all monkeys now
we wouldn't want to be a dog that cat a hordes or cow we're smelly and we like it and we've
heard the things you say oh don't come from with them since he never fun so I will listen to your
head oh I'm a monkey or I'm a lazy the monkey wear all monkeys now I'm a monkey or I'm a lazy the monkey wear all monkeys now
swinging tree to tree with scream that's what can show no response that's what they're all about
oh 2018 you are just with our trained monkeys every once in a while I forget you know what it's all about
I get all whipped up into a frenzy and then I say when's that check coming a couple of days I think Monday
is Monday payday Tuesday I think Tuesday or day to 25th Monday I know it is Monday
you know you better start learning about your payday's mister because as much as you're making
you had a stretch it out till Tuesday forget about it yeah I'm putting it to consideration how long
it'll take for the check to clear yeah in your case well 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and
Verizon wireless line why couldn't there be somebody on the air somewhere it ain't going to be me
that's for damn sure why couldn't there be somebody on the air who you know who to counter the
rush limbaugh's and the Gordon Litties and the Oli Nord's and all these other right wing assholes huh
why can't there be somewhere with a voice to say enough with it already on you goody tushu's
bible thumping assholes if that's the way you want to live your lives fine but don't keep trying
to force it down everybody else's throat don't keep trying to dictate to everybody else how to live
their freaking lives what to watch and what to think that's what America was supposed to be all about
but not in their America their America is we're all supposed to think like them no I take that back
we all have to think like them not supposed to right muster no one has to muster
and I should have known for that damn I said every day since we start taking calls again the
first call is usually a pretty good barometer have we done that set the tone now what was that which
crazy broad was it today the did so broad that was the didsy broad yeah no that's not a hair go away
get yourself some help go back in a rubber room that's what sure where it is huh that's Gilbert's
girlfriend oh no what did I tell you about talk radio
about the colors well we want the colors the colors are what it's all about me look what's
happening look at all the tremendous response you're getting now how do you back with a cause
again quit reading them bedtime stories okay I don't really give a flying crap you're you're
gonna see some real changes made mister just like Eric up there in Orlando he's gonna see
some changes to one at website instead of having the the blandest the most the lame ass website
that anybody in the air in the world is got Carlos is gonna start interfering I mean getting
involved we're gonna have some links on there gonna spruce spryce that up I mean Jesus I look at
guys that are like on a five watt station in Portland Maine somewhere and they got a more elaborate
more exciting website that it gives people more reason to like hop on it okay it's more money in
his pocket isn't it for more meals isn't that what that means links here's a lady in Hollywood
hello I do like my links hello hello yes ma'am yes I've been listening to you show I'm very nervous
because I never called you before but I'm nervous too but anyway I just want to give you my
perspective on the Victoria's Secret show yeah I shopped in Victoria's Secret I'm in my late 40s
but I am a Victoria's Secret shopper and so on my daughter's I thought the show was great I see more
nudity on the beach it doesn't offend me I've been travels all over the world right and I think
the whole thing is ridiculous I mean they walk around more naked on Hollywood and beach and
southeast I thought the show was fun and I like it and I wear those type of things and I think
anybody who's offended needs a lobotomy I mean something is terribly wrong with what's going on
with people nowadays and I just wanted to let you know that there are people out there women
who don't feel offended and and enjoy your show and I think you're great anyway and I'm glad that
you're doing what you're doing because what's going on is so pathetic right now well I just wanted
you to know okay thanks okay have a great weekend thank you so much bye bye see she was very
nice lady she's a little bit nervous but nevertheless and she shops at Victoria's Secret and she's
not like some teenager she's not some pervert she's an isolated that's got daughters they shop at
Victoria's Secret okay and they buy a lingerie and they do this they do that and they might even have
sex once in a while everything is dirty everything is evil this whole business like I made that list
the other day you know in fact I think I saved that here somewhere yeah here it is
though he's right winners what were the people who control America today both the government
and the mentality of it they love guns god fetuses and republicans they hate fags women democrats
abortions and sex unless they're the ones having it and enjoying it but other than that they hate it
nudity evil it's dirty it's filthy and how many times have I asked a question about what is it
about a nipple that makes that like I mean you see guys on here all the time with their shirts off
thank the lord I mean we see that right bathing suits anybody screaming about always
like guys nipple and it was erect for them as a matter of fact why is it that a woman's nipple
somehow is so much more inflammatory to the FCC and the religious right wrong I'm not going to call
me religious right anymore the religious wrong because something comes out of it yeah yeah well
something comes out of your mouth too but that don't mean we don't stop looking at it something
comes out of your nose huh yeah are we are we afraid to see people's noses on here I don't think
so something comes out of there well some noses are quite a pornographic looking yeah that's right
clinton's came real close in fact you know something I wouldn't be surprised if these right
wingers if Jimmy Duranty came back and how about the what's the thing you say for error and
don't be trying to you try to show serenote a berser back on again they're gonna they're gonna
chop his ass and how about Pinocchio huh right it grows remember they kept showing Bubba there
and his nose kept growing and quite frankly I actually saw it I mean it grew so it knows what's
growing that's what Monica said it kept growing and getting bigger and wow I just I just I just
so frustrating to me and for example here what's the legal age to buy cigarettes 19 what's the legal
age for young people to direct 19 here in Canada what's the legal age for people to have a
a consensual sex 14 which I think is a little bit too young but it's 14 because they're not all
tightened or whipped up to a frenzy that everything is dirty and evil and they actually educate
people about these things but not in America baby keep everybody ignorant and in the dark ages
and then we'll clean things up not not it's just like the thing with prostitution because if we
if we legalize if we legalize prostitution and clean it up like they do in Holland for example
and in most other European countries where it's not really a crime then we won't have so much
easy picking like shooting fish and a barrel games that they play what all the a phony do with
the decoy johns and all this other crap that goes on that's been going on since the beginning
and recorded time whether it's putting somebody in jail for 20 years for pot or any other innocuous
crap that's America for that's what it's become it's an ugly thing baby it's it's I hate to say that
but it's a really ugly thing and you're not supposed to say that because immediately you're
opinion into corners being on patriotic and an evil doer and all this other crap God forbid anybody
should have the balls to tell the truth in the US today and after watching that thing on
biography last night about Jews and Hollywood and the McCarthy the House of American Activities Committee
those airings though this grace and guess who was sitting on that committee by the way on the
H.U.A.C. there was Nixon yeah there was dick yeah when that smug look on his push who got elected by
running against Helen Gahig in Douglas in California called him to the pink lady the pink lady
as in Tommy Pico you know the rest of it right the pink lady I got a pink lady for you dick
here's a lot of deal hello hey Neil how you doing buddy okay Neil I guess we have 11 percent
of retard run around the camp find our own country on the map can't now what would you do with
somebody like that don't you think those people need to be separated like putting an instant
duchess in somewhere I don't know it's pretty scary pretty crazy I think that 11% of our
population can't find our freaking country keep it on 18 to 24 year olds 18 to 24 we're not talking
about people are 100 years old who are like seen aisle and have Alzheimer's and dementia whatever
who have an excuse get 24 in the prime of their lives we have 11 percent responses maybe
okay great 197 votes you know I was just mentioning about that thing that Jews and Hollywood
then we had that call perfect yeah what'd you think of him 197 votes this TV talked
uh show too much nudity and indecent material 124 if you're offended by any show change the
F and channels stupid hell no I want to see much more 35 too much violence not enough 627 yes it
needs to be stopped seven and no just about a right amount they correct them out three we got
three happy campers out there
i
will bicycle
By the way, Moses, if you're listening to that video, we're gonna have daddy break your legs.
You're hot, bowed on the street, make the girls scream, skin that's something in mind.
It's 16, he's alive, it's beautiful, and it's fine, all right.
It gets useless from girls, they're struggling spells, never touch you behind.
It's 16, he's beautiful, and it's fine, all right.
It goes crazy when it's bad, when it's bigger, it's better, yeah.
But it filled my hand, it touched my chest, ooh, when it blew.
It ruled my best to came out of my jeans, and into my life.
Oh, how it makes me feel fine, it's 16, so beautiful, and it's mine.
Hector, you're 5'50", WDQ-A-N, here's the facts from somebody in Lakeland, no less, it's his resident nose picker.
Thanks for your honesty, Glenn.
Since I was listening to your reading of the National Geographic article about the story of the sorry state of education we have in this country with respect to geography,
as you know the same situation exists with history.
Absolutely correct.
My son was a history major and teaches that subject in Texas also coaches football and basketball.
Most history teachers are over our phys ed majors who coach and just have to teach history.
You know something when I went to high school, not that he mentioned that, Bill Newkirk I think was our history teacher, and he was also a football, and some got a coach.
As it so happens, yes, in high school, our history and civics teacher, the football coach.
How about you, Carlos?
No.
Carlos never went to school, I forgot.
Our children cannot tell you who the vice president of a secretary of state are, little or how many senators there are, we're laughing stuck in the universe when it comes to education.
Don't you remember that guy that called last week and was telling me about Colin Powell was secretary of the United States?
Right.
What's the point?
I'm not going to get all set about it because like I told yesterday the country's lost.
It's not a very uplifting message, but it's true.
These people are, they're just really, they're doing it.
They're doing it.
And the rest of you are sitting back, you know, what am I going to do?
Who cares? Who gives a crap? What's going to get excited about?
Exactly.
Don't forget, join George tomorrow.
Get excited about that. Get off your dead ass.
Go out to see little George making feel like somebody likes him out there.
Seem from 11 to 1 at the singular wireless and having two or two or three 35 this game boulevard.
Stop by to win prizes, register, win up front tickets to the upcoming and I sum to sum up coming Panthers hockey game.
You can have free tickets, then he panthers game is what it really boils down to.
Sorry to say that, but that's basically the way it is.
You want $20 tickets?
Ah, ten bucks.
You want free tickets? Show us the drivers license, you know.
Very, very sad.
You notice how many calls I had about Joseph Gackie and Don Bailey Jr. at their psychotic.
They're unacceptable job on a Zeracune games.
I mean, I don't want to spend a lot of time ripping poor Joe, but good, Gully.
I mean, get it under control, Mr. Ok.
Out of control, psychotic hysterical.
Find a happy medium.
Get a Mickey Dane's phone number.
Here's Davy. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, geez. That's got white cloth.
Well, anyway, I was 11% of the people that didn't know where some of the places were in the United States.
They didn't know where the United States was on the map.
Well, I bet 100% of the people around the world know where Florida is.
Yeah.
And what does that mean?
That everybody knows where Florida is.
Because everybody ends up here.
But anyway.
Monday's payday.
I'm just going to keep saying that to myself.
Monday's payday.
Just so I remember to keep coming back.
I don't have to come back.
I just roll out of the bedroom and it's a studio.
Come over.
Thank goodness.
Now, this story here, which somebody called about yesterday from the scum Sentinel.
This is like David Duke being appointed to a panel about racial diversity.
Two appointees opposed gay contract.
I'd like to know who the hell this Marty Rubenstein is.
This I would have wise assent to humor or something.
The newest members appointed this week to the Broward School Board's diversity committee
are two of the staunchest foes of the school district contract with Glisten,
a gay tolerance organization.
Margaret Hostetler, the highest profile critic of the contract,
was appointed by a large board member Darla Carter,
while conservative radio top show host Steve Kane was appointed by newly elected district six board member Marty Rubenstein.
You ready for that?
Yeah, I heard it.
And it's just mind boggling.
Mr. Ego, a guy who you could fit his whole audience into a small broom closet.
Just tell me what your problem is.
Most board members who supported the contract with a gay lesbian and straight education network
are standing firm, but inside their stinking appointments show the contract,
which calls for Glisten to help train teachers to recognize anti gay harassment.
Maybe we examined Hostetler who lost Rubenstein in the primary vow yesterday
to continue fighting Glisten, as well as the district's policy-provening discrimination against homosexuals.
My goal has been from the first tab the school board removed the word sexual orientation from its policy,
which is based on the false premise that homosexuality is genetically or biologically determined, Hostetler said.
The diversity committee advises the board on issues that range from diversifying the teaching staff
to ensuring that predominantly minority schools offer the same quality of education,
one mission is to promote tolerance of differences that led the committee to support the Glisten agreement.
Susan Silverberg, chairwoman of the diversity committee, said she feared Rubenstein's appointment shows his opposition to the glisten contract
and its mission to reduce harassment.
I don't know Rubenstein to know me for the election, but knowing what he did tells me all I need to know,
honestly, that appointment speaks volume, she said.
The school board voted six to three in April to formalize the arrangement with Glisten to help teachers
to recognize anti gay harassment so they can help students cope with it.
Carter, who can be rich for comment, has said it unfairly gives special rights to one group
and she campaigned for election attacking the deal.
But Rubenstein said he'd not seen enough of the agreement's details to have an informed opinion.
He advised not to read too much in his choice of Cain, saying he simply wanted more diversity on the diversity committee.
Right. Cain himself quipped, they seemed to have mastered racial and sexual diversity,
but they don't seem to have mastered political diversity.
That shows a lack of familiarity with the committee silverberg said we've had votes and discussions
where people disagree vehemently with each other.
Rubenstein said he chose his long time acquaintance.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Rubenstein said he chose his long time acquaintance in part because of Cain's understanding of diversity
as a parent of three adopted African-American children.
We are a multi-ethnic, multilingual society ought to be rejoicing in our diversity,
but we should be learning how to come together not be driving away between people.
Rubenstein said, well, I hope that when you cast your vote, Marty,
Rubenstein, you keep that in mind as opposed to here being a but-sucker of Mr. Ego.
Okay. Well, the audience you could fit in a teacup and have room for your fat ass leftover.
Whoever there you are.
How do you like that?
One of his cronies in there.
Pathetic.
Why you got those lines on hold?
Is there any special...
The computer isn't working right now.
What are you saying? Well, at least get them off of there.
It's very disconcerting, Mr. Ego.
Look at that phone.
The computer is not working so the phone is screwed up again?
No, no. The phone is working just the computer, the keyboard, nothing...
He can't write anything on the screen.
Yeah.
Can he put them on hold?
That's what he was doing.
Okay. That's what that symbol is.
Oh, we got so many call on there right now.
At least we did. We had that Daytona beach on air on hold.
Is it still there?
Yeah, something...
When I got up this morning, I thought to myself, I should just lay here to at least know that.
What do they get working on?
Here's a call from Daytona. Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I promised to do better than the old geezer to call the few minutes ago.
Yeah.
Just if I can go a bit ago and I heard you talking about the status data affairs of the country
here with people and reading maps and all that.
I just wrote down on my any couple days ago, watch Bowie for Columbine.
And if dad doesn't give you a heck of an insight on American culture
and how we compare some of the others out there, I don't know what does.
It's just a scary thing.
Look at the way we live here in this country.
I got to find out where I can go see that.
In fact, maybe it's still showing here somewhere because they...
As you know, they filmed it up here.
Yeah, it's, well, yeah.
Unfortunately, I had a heck of a time.
I had a drive all the way to Miami to watch it, but it was well worth the drive.
I mean, as you know, it's limited viewing or showing it's whatever.
But it was amazing.
Just the overall concept of the Americans seems to think that this is the only way you can live in the world.
How many years have I been saying that?
The American public has brainwashed in believing that the kind of violence and repression
and insanity that goes on America is the way life is supposed to be
and the way the whole free world really operates and they're full of crap.
One of the interesting things we didn't realize is according to more,
there are quite a bit of guns up there in Canada,
which I thought it was sort of a gun-free country.
Well, they come across the border, you know?
They come across but yet you don't have all the shootings we have down here.
No, we don't have anywhere near the number of guns.
There are 200 million guns in America.
And there's also an excitement when he walks around.
I forget if it's a Toronto or where.
And he just walked up the doors of houses and able to open a door.
Yeah, but that was here in Toronto, right?
It wasn't Toronto?
Yeah.
It's amazing.
And so, you know, it goes back, I think, to the whole American mentality of,
you know, the way we present things is not the way it really isn't a lot of ways.
He showed a clip about the different news outlets in the way American outlets really portray
all the news here in the state.
And he sure knew.
I put on Fox this this morning and it was just amazing that stuff they were putting on there in the way.
And you're still alive after seeing that?
Well, they were still going to spin on Fox broadcast.
All spin all day.
Well, you have to take a drive of me just to, you know, to recover from it.
Well, good luck to its policy right at the border.
Yeah, see you up there.
Okay.
19 to 11 at 560 WDQM.
What's on the agenda today?
Jim Manditch had won as usual.
And Goldberg had three.
The Humphers got today.
One said you of course, because it's Friday at 530.
You got the 7 to 830 Hooters, Cobbett's football preview with Josh Darrow,
the hysterical Josie and Donnie Bailey Jr.
Good guys, but boy, comment down.
Put it down just a little bit, guys.
Historical.
Chico Panther preview at 830, the Panthers at the Cuyotes in Phoenix at 9,
and he came to the hockey game in the anxious ESPN radio overnight.
Why, why, and local?
We're sports radio 560s.
You ain't, you ain't.
You ain't.
Friday, you bastard.
Number one movie at number one soundtrack.
Teeny white kid who thinks that his skin is black.
Stamping and rapping and talking is smack.
He gets more booty than the whole rap pack.
Grays in a trailer in the motor city.
Doesn't like movie boy fans or PDD.
And it's no secret it's easy to see.
Emma and Hays is white band is mommy.
He's shooting with Christina,
like you, Lara, speaking in riddles just like Yogi, Farah.
He's hot from New York to Minnesota.
Welcome to the Marshall Matters, Lara.
Tapped you wearing lots of swearing Hollywood, that boy.
When will he sell out how long do you think?
Before he joins in sync.
Yeah, at least you don't have a broken foot anyway.
Now, what do you, I don't understand why you facts him either.
Oh, this Adam man is there this Skippy.
Skippy. Skippy. Skippy,
Skippy sending his new copy.
We must watch that carefully by the way, too little complicated.
1125 through the 20, 1122.
Oh my god. See this, that's not right.
That's not the way we do it around here.
Skippy, okay. Have somebody draw you a diaphragm?
He's one of those people who wouldn't have any idea
and only where Florida is on a map, but Uranus.
He'd have no clue, Skippy.
He's one of our great sales holes.
Oh!
The QA haven't he fits right in like the rubber gloves?
Somebody faxes me this thing, a large ass limbaugh?
Yeah. Respondent to Tom Daxial again.
He says these leftist anti-SUV environmental whacos ask what would Jesus drive?
While I'm answering the question, who would Jesus listen to?
Rush Limbaugh on the Excellence in Broadcasting Network.
Oh man.
If you look up the expression, pompous ass in the dictionary.
There's Limbaugh's picture right next to it.
Look, ta-da-da-da-da-da-da-da.
Very sad. That's what's controlling America these days.
Not your Messiah's old movie. I'll speak into that story.
This is the one I was talking about before that couldn't find.
It says, here's a question facing him these days.
What would Jesus drive?
Insert your wisecrack. Here it says.
But SNICKER-NOTA group called the evangelical environmental network
is getting a lot of pressed for a campaign devoted to the proposition
that Jesus would certainly not drive an SUV
because Jesus would want to protect the environment, amen.
We think he is Lord of our transportation choices,
as well as other choices, said Jim Bale,
an American Baptist minister who's director of the group,
when you need a new car he should buy the most fuel-efficient one
that truly meets your needs.
The Green Jesus group has even purchased TV ads this month
in North Carolina, Iowa, Indiana, and Missouri, urging car buyers
to curb their gas-guzzling waves with the question,
so if we love our neighbor and we cherish God's creation,
maybe we should ask, what would Jesus drive?
This is not just a Christian fundamentalist French movement.
This week in Detroit, the Interfaith Climate and Energy
campaign met with GM and Ford to spread a message
of the ecumenical environmentalism, Korean Presbyterians, Jews,
and Menonites were represented.
We're pleased to certain obvious questions.
What would Moses drive?
Oh, Joukenu.
What would Muhammad drive?
Buddha. Confucius.
Makes you think right.
This is written by Dick Meyer, CBS News.
I don't see why they, what would a Messiah or founder of a religion
think technique for political knowledge should be limited
to questions of vehicle choice?
What would Jesus think of a reduction in the capital gain stacks?
How about Lao Tsi on gun control?
Moses on second-hand smoke?
Christmas on securities regulation?
Mary Baker Eddie on national health insurance?
This could be a powerful marketing device as well.
Jesus loves Coke, not Pepsi.
Christian opponents of road rage are selling HWJD T-shirts.
How would Jesus drive?
The WWJD movement seems to have struck a chord even if it strikes some dumb.
Everyone is doing a story on the Detroit Bethlehem connection.
CNN has covered the debate especially vigorously.
The highlight was Reverend Jerry Falwell declaring that global warming is a big myth
and he could care less what Jesus would drive.
See, that's why flush is also poo-pooing this.
It's not part of that ultra-right-wing agenda.
It's anti-big business.
The internet as usual has been on the WWJD movement for quite some time now.
Webwis and hymors have been circulating answers to WWJD question.
One theory is that Jesus would tool around in an old plimuth because the Bible says
God drove Adam and Eve out of the garden of Eden in a fury.
But in Psalm 83, the Almighty clearly owns a Pontiac in a Geo.
The passage urges the Lord to pursue your enemies with your tempest and terrify them with your storm.
The issue has been thoroughly discussed in online bulletin board.
They sampling from a site.
Therrant, what I can't even read the site.
This world has been falling apart and dying ever since Adam and Eve sinned for the first time.
So there's nothing a bunch of tree-hugged animal rights activists vegetarian SUV-hitting ricos can do
to make the condition of this planet any better.
As a Catholic, I'm offended that they're hiding behind religion-slice Christ
to promote a communist and socialist agenda shame.
It's like Muslims hijacking Islam to become terrorists.
I didn't like that.
I didn't realize what would Jesus drive thing with such a big simous.
Yeah, then the ruch thing blasts it all over the place.
Fellow Christians and non-Christians, don't fall prey to this attempt at inciting feelings of guilt for your personal choices.
This is all about power and usurping your personal freedoms.
The Lord gave man dominion over the earth and He also gave us the wisdom and man's it responsibly,
which He'll do without the meddling of a power-hungry government and misguided environmentalists.
It pains me to report this going back to what the Dick Myers says.
It pains me to report some of these remarks because I'm a character-caring SUV-hater.
Part of me wishes them well, just like my secret appreciation for the zealots who run around putting environmental tickets on SUV windshields.
And, deep before I was aware of the WWW JD movement, I wrote a column calling SUVs, The Vehicles of Satan.
I think in alliance between religious people and environmentalists would be very nice.
But I don't much appreciate it when somebody argues that Jesus was ban abortions.
And, though I favor capital punishment, I don't think Bible-based arguments have a place in that debate either.
Whether it's TV preachers, book writing rabbis are crusading imams.
I'm not a big fan of the goddess on our side crowd.
Using the size to score political points is a bit tacky too.
That doesn't mean, however, that we shouldn't get rid of SUVs immediately.
Dick Meyer, veteran political investigative reporter for CBS News.
Hatsubed.
Makes a point or two or three.
56670560.560 on a AT&T line.
248 votes on that pool.
This TV showed too much nudity and indecent material in the wake of the big hubbub.
And the FCC commissioners getting all worked up into a frenzy about Victoria's Secret because they got 300 well organized emails.
From a bunch of goody two shoe Bible flap and assholes.
If you're offended by any show, change the F& Channel stoop at 155.6151.5% of this audience said that so far.
Hell no, I want to see much more 50.
Too much violence, not enough sex 32.
Yes, it needs to be stopped 11.
No, just about the right amount of three.
Three are getting just enough.
Here's Bokeh, hello.
Bokeh.
Yes, Neil.
Yes sir.
I just wanted to make two quick points.
I was listening with interest in what you said about how many school kids and people in general can't find a rack on the map.
And you know, it's not setting, but you know, it's really no big deal because three or four months a mile a rack won't be on the map.
Yeah.
Now the other point I wanted to make was I hope is a lot better than that one, yeah.
Well, listen, some go over some don't.
I heard what you said about you doing this only for the money and I disagree with you on that because.
Well, wait a minute, wait a minute.
Before you proceed, let me just say this.
How can you disagree with me?
That's like telling me what I think.
It's like the guy that goes to the doctor says, hey, Doc, how do I feel?
I'm not telling you what you think, but I'm saying what you're saying to you.
I don't think represents the real you because I listen to one of the guy listen to his Michael Savage.
And a guy called him in the other, a quote him to show the other night and he says, Michael, one of the things I really like about you is that you're exactly the same.
Or off the air as you are on the X.
I've met you on another way you like.
He said, unlike Neil Rogers, he said Neil, Neil Ranson raised on the radio, but off the air, he's the nicest, sweetest guy you'd ever want to meet and he's a totally different guy.
So listening to that and the guy saying he has met you, maybe believe when you said you only do it for the money, I think you're a little deeper than that.
Okay.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Okay, thanks for the suck job, but you're wrong.
I mean, you're right about the fact that off the year I am a very wonderful guy.
Just ask me and I'll tell you.
But as far as I mean, there are no rewards in this market.
There's no there's no tremendous response.
There's no feedback.
There's no one.
There's no nothing.
You have to like have a hernia just to listen to any kind of response.
As opposed to all these right wingers who are like, look, look, look, all you got to do is make that little sound and do your little trumpet man.
And there's like 50 million people running right behind you.
Whatever you say, mammal, follow the off the edge of a cliff.
And we're not asking to follow us off the edge of a cliff just for a little response to something we're talking about.
That's all and you don't have it.
You didn't have it last year.
You didn't have it five years ago, two years ago, suck this.
It's never going to happen in South Florida.
Of all the places for me to be doing a talk show in South Florida, land of the walking dead.
The land of the walking dead.
That's exactly what South Florida is all about.
A bunch of old farts with plaid pants, bad hair pieces, colostomy bags and bad varicose veins.
That's South Florida for you.
And I'm sitting here trying to like whip up the, just like in those old days.
See, I'm reverting back to my origins again and that's a bad mistake.
What I did that was successful for me was getting as far away from that as possible.
Given people a few yucks realizing that most people don't give a crap.
We're not going to change anything, especially on issue, especially on this station and especially in this market.
If it's not about alien or people who won't speak English, you don't give a crap about anything down there.
You couldn't give a flying crap less.
And I guarantee you that we could take 100 people out of our audience and like put a map, put a globe at the world in front of them.
They couldn't find it with both hands and a compass and a roadmap and their toe.
How do you like that?
Am I wrong?
No.
I'm sitting here getting whipped up to a friend's about it.
Stop it.
How is it possible to be so, I mean, look, I'm not an intellectual far from it.
I'm just a dumb slob, okay?
Proud of it.
But how can you possibly live more than, than 10, 15 years and not have some concept, some others, and not only not have it, but not want to have it?
You see what I'm saying?
How can your brain be that dormant that you don't have some desire to enrich it to learn something every day, learn something?
Ignorance is bliss, don't you know?
Oh my God.
Briss, are you doing that jute talk again?
My, and look all this is for Treniel 560.
You ain't too way yet.
Why the, you bastard.
Don't get a word she says.
Poppins and ex-like pants.
Half head a row, half legs, that's Anna.
A bunch of slight dumbbells, wings.
Into a tiny dress, you'll squeeze.
The seams are screaming out for help, please.
But hey, that's Anna.
Dead billionaire and a kin, Anna.
But now on Sunday nights, what will I do?
Did she have a lot of bottoming?
Is the holy hell out of me?
Yet every week I watched on TV.
She's got too much junk in her trunk.
She's got to be high or freaking drunk.
What's the reason code there being?
I see you next year, Anna.
Crazy freak, a zoid.
Back to him.
Love it 020560, WQM, happy Friday.
To be a mad dog at one, a hopper at three, and then we got a bunch of stuff.
Sports stuff, hera-kun stuff.
You got the a-panters and coyotes at night, night until midnight, and he came in the overnight.
ESPN radio.
So we're not doing transmitter maintenance or what?
I don't think that's really a very good olman for the Joe and Mark eyes.
If you're be thirfed in that, we're doing transmitter maintenance.
I thought that we're taking vacation like one day here and one day there for long weekends or something like that.
And if we come to find out that it's transmitter maintenance after all, that's not probably a good sign.
Like every night when you start coming in to do your show with two and a more,
you're not on the night, guys, we're doing transmitter maintenance.
Starts getting to be a little like a message there.
School president takes leave of med allegations.
The president of a Roman Catholic high school took abscess leave of absence Thursday after being accused of molesting a sixth grade boy at a school more than 40 years ago.
And I just noticed that the edges of this are clipped off Boston Globe.
The edges of my story are clipped off, damn it.
Brother Leo Lamy, president of Bishop Wret in high school in Nashua,
denied accusing the child in 1960 or 61,
and I don't know if they now close sacred heart academy and end over mass.
And I'm going to, I'm going to stop trying to read that there because it's right.
The margin is all chopped off on that.
What a jackass. I sometimes am. You know what?
Even though I am a very nice guy.
Now what that guy said, right?
I'm very nice guy.
And you like for the suck job.
I'll every now and then we can use one.
I'll community that gives nothing back.
And what also was frustrating to be very honest with this is I'm just leaning all out there for a day.
So I give you sitting in a room with 10 people like in a restaurant.
You're sitting around a big table with a party of 10, okay?
And you order Chateau Brignon.
And the waiter brings you a plate that's got a big dog turd on it, okay?
All right.
Now listen to this.
I'm listening.
And you say to everybody at the table, that's not Chateau Brignon.
That's a dog crap.
Oh no.
No, no, no.
It looks like Chateau Brignon was.
Oh yeah, it smells like a great juicy steak to us.
And you're looking at it and you know beyond a shadow of a doubt that it's dog crap.
And believe me, I see my share in my life.
And everybody in the tables.
And that's what it's like doing this show.
Whether it's the God's stuff, whether it's the religion or the politics of whether it's anything,
whether it's about freedom of expression, the FCC, no matter what it is.
There it is.
Can you see it?
No.
Do you smell it?
No.
Do you understand what I'm talking about?
No.
All these fairy tales.
Well it's just like that guy that was a month ago I put it in that deal with Chris Matthews.
They're on softball.
I'm one of those university round tables.
The guy looks, I forget who the hell it was.
Well I guess it was Jesse Ventura.
I was on it with Chris Matthews with Mr. Softball.
And he says, well this whole thing with the Elkide and with all the attacks and the terrorist attacks.
It's all about religious extremism.
And Chris Matthews looks like, oh you really think that's what it is?
With the kind of perplexed look on his face?
You think so?
And he was serious.
He was serious.
Like don't you understand we're not allowed to even think that much less say that.
All throughout the history man kind.
That's what it's all about.
My religion's better than yours.
That's what it's all about.
That's why everybody hates everybody else.
I mean you got racial divisions and you got gender stay in sexual orientation which you had to have us face to have a new scapegoat for the right wing thank goodness.
But generally throughout history that's not what it's worth at.
It's religion.
I got the answers and you don't and we're going to make you offer you can't refuse.
My furry tales are the right ones and you got the wrong ones Mr. and you better get with it.
That's what this whole al-Qaeda thing is with these fundamentalist Islamists. They're crazy people.
You're going to believe what we do or about a Bing that's it.
About a Bing about a boom.
And like there's some debate about that.
And how come the media so goddamn yellow belly and chicken liver that they can't come right out there and say it.
We ought to be having programs about that every day.
Instead we got Michael Jackson's dangling his baby over to God damn railing at a hotel in Berlin.
That's what we get.
That's America for you.
Dr. Oppa Michael.
Too late.
Do you notice that both of these little kids there was that picture with a burkish on the other day at the zoo.
Yes.
And did you notice that the hands of little kids were sticking out?
Yes.
And the hands were very very white white.
Yes.
Lily.
Yes.
I just make that passing.
Maybe they got that same skin disease.
Here's having Tura.
Hello.
Leo.
Yes sir.
Good morning.
How are you doing?
Okay.
The first of all I like more time agrees that about the ice cream for Ben and Jerry's.
I was wondering first of all if you have any other good foods out there.
Because I would hope that the family loves it.
If I have any other good foods out there, what does that mean?
Well I remember the Ben and Jerry's that you said a few months ago.
Yeah.
And I was wondering what other good foods you like because we always like your taste.
That's it.
And the new.
Nestleys Turdland Ben and Jerry's that's it.
I don't like any other food.
I do like my chef the Breon though.
Yeah.
That's good too.
Unless it's another dog food.
And also the news lately on the cable.
What's your favorite cable news station because I watched Hannity and Coles last night.
And you said that I tell you last night I think that Hannity they should put a sheet over his head because.
Yeah.
Let me ask you this.
The right of your watch it.
And why did you watch it?
Well you know I like sometimes I like to go to the right.
But you said you you like I think Fox or.
No no I didn't say I like Fox.
Fox is Fox is the fascist news network.
So is this a serious call?
Yes.
Is this a serious conversation and you said that I like Fox?
No no I'm sorry.
I think you like MSNBC.
That is correct.
Well if you look at Papi Cannon he looks like the head of Hannity.
Yeah.
I got news for you Papi Cannon is much of a fascist pig as he is.
He's like a screaming liberal compared to Sean Hannity.
Okay sir but go have some bit in juries.
I think it's affecting your mind.
Not too much.
And don't be packing it too tight.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on it.
And then my favorite news network the Fox news network.
Sure.
I love him man.
Oh.
Rupert Murdock bubble had done.
And there's a guy that Neil Kabuto you know Neil Kabuto.
Oh it's coming back.
He reminds me of Mitch Hirsch.
You know all this stuff comes back so fast.
It comes back so fast.
And don't forget our friend Heather.
I'm trying.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
You should be the leader of the gluelop position.
You should be the counterpoint to Rush Limbo.
Your show should be syndicated like his show.
I'll hold your breath.
Well you know I've been listening to you since 1979.
I got an agent who's too busy playing with old baseball cards.
Okay.
Well I remember in 1980 you went to Tennessee Nashville.
Yeah.
And I listened to your show on shortwave radio.
You did it for a month.
Well what do you mean on shortwave radio?
Yeah.
In shortwave radio from South Florida.
I was in South Florida and you were in Nashville.
And you did this during the presidential election.
You went to Nashville for about a month.
And you were on ten stations.
Well no I wasn't on ten stations.
I was on WLAC in Nashville.
I went on ten stations.
I was on one station.
But the reach of that...
Yeah it was 50,000 watts.
We had calls from 38 states.
That's right.
Right.
And you only stayed there for a month and then you came back...
Well here now it wants to live in Nashville.
You got it on your mind.
Exactly.
Well now you're living in Toronto.
You know there's no reason why your show can't be syndicated.
But...
No no you didn't hear what I said before.
There is a reason why my show can't be syndicated.
What?
It's called Norma Kent.
We'll get another eight.
Norma Kent.
But I want to talk about the Democrats.
The Democrats are trying to be Republican-like.
They're two-timid.
They're two-timid.
The Democrats suck.
Okay.
The Democratic Party blows.
They want to blur the differences instead of sharpening them.
And you know what the Republicans do is smart.
They give their base the right wing, the wing nuts, something to live for.
Something to fight for.
That's right.
Whether it's a right...
Whether it's guns, whether it's abortion.
They give them something to fight for.
So what I suggest is the Democrats gives us something to fight for.
And that's...
I suggest we get a new party is what I suggest.
The Democratic Party is history, man.
It's dead meat.
Well there are two parties, okay?
Why is that?
Why...
How about all the other countries that have a whole bunch of parties?
Because they have a monopoly on the party.
The third largest party is the libertarian party.
The only people that have a monopoly is Parker Brothers.
Okay.
We don't have to have just two parties.
Well unfortunately they...
The only way that anybody progressive will ever make any progress in America again
is to create a new party.
But they...
But they write the laws.
Okay.
And they write the...
When you write the laws when you get in office, okay?
And if people are given an alternative, I guarantee if they're given a real...
Oh look at Jesse Venture in Minnesota.
But they write the Democratic Republic in.
But they write the campaign finance laws which ensures their incomeancies.
Yeah.
But anyway, they're the only...
They're the only opposition right now.
And so they have to give their base on the party.
Sure, you keep repeating the same thing.
It isn't going to happen.
It isn't going to happen.
They're...
They're wondering.
They're lost.
They have no leadership.
They have no direction.
They have a wooden Indian named Al Gore who has got a Chinaman's chance of winning a fixed
election.
They got Tom Dashel who's running around screaming about brushlimbaugh.
I mean, they're lost.
Well then they'll lose.
Okay, thanks.
No crap.
That was pretty profound, wasn't it?
They'll lose.
Guess what, pal?
They already did.
They lost.
Big time.
Big time.
Because they have nothing to say.
In fact, that's why the Democratic Party is so much like most of South Florida.
They have nothing to say.
Nothing to offer.
They sit back.
They're cowards.
Most of them.
They're afraid to be called.
And of course, they already have been called.
You know, I'm pushed to that first shot.
You know, about...
Well, you know, a Democratic Party.
They're not interested in the national security.
And I mean, right there was something so obnoxious and so grotesque.
And the response was that Dick Hibart and Tom Dashel got up on the floors of the house in the Senate.
And, you know, yelled themselves to the point of having like, uh, Lurian drivers.
And that was about it.
That was the response.
Just calm down, okay, because that's the way it is.
It's the America for it.
It's the American F and the way.
12 minutes after 11 at 560 WQM.
Yeah, that normal cat boy.
She's really doing it, isn't she?
She doing it?
It's gonna be on 600 stations by the end of the year.
You watch my words, man.
I'm gonna be on 40,000 channels all around the world.
I'll be doing my show from a cave in Tura Bora.
Yeah, I think I've got plenty to choose from.
Thanksgiving's coming a week from yesterday, less than a week from right now.
Everybody's gonna be flocking home to be together to sit around,
put on a happy face for each other, gather around the table with delicious homemade food family traditions,
turkey and stuffing and cranberries,
yams.
After all, it's not the turkey, though, that makes the meal special.
It's the people getting ready for the hungry guests can be real stressful, real pain in the ass,
especially if they're gonna be staying overnight.
If you're having a household for Thanksgiving, let dial amatris make your holiday preparations a little bit easier.
Now's the time to call 1-800-Matris.
Let's get that new mattress in before the house gets to arrive.
If everybody told you that they're coming, even if you don't hear from them until the night before,
dial amatris can deliver right to your door.
A top quality ceiling, serve the Simmons or King Crow mattress the same day you call them.
I've been sitting on a dial amatris for years and look what it's done for me.
Look what a sport I am.
Call dial amatris right now, tool free, at 1-800-Matris.
Talk turkey with a bed in consult and choose from the very best mattresses and even better prices.
Rest easy this Thanksgiving knowing that everybody is sleeping like a child.
So get ready for the holidays right now by calling 1-800-Matris.
And be sure and please tell them that old fat Neal and fat, fat, fat boy, according to call 1-800-Matris
for dial amatris brand name beds, same day service.
1-800-MATTR-E-S.
Call them now, be sleeping like a baby tonight.
Call dial amatris and look what a sport I am.
Call dial amatris and look what a sport I am.
Call dial amatris and look what a sport I am.
Try the you bastard.
I've come back in a sticky little model that I'm all how I did it to the home.
Now where we got here?
Hey mom.
Can you see I'm trying to think?
I just want to tell you,
that you even know where my lap again.
Well I thought I smelled something on your finger.
So what wrong with you?
No, I'm right.
Oh, I split my bag here.
Get the hell out of my way.
Where am I supposed to go?
The hell you squeaky little bastard?
Hey, I don't think I got a squeaky voice.
It's all, huh?
No!
I think you need your balls examined.
My balls!
That's right. Now drop your pants so I can examine them.
No!
You either want a wife in this business again?
Yeah.
And don't be my command.
Okay.
Oh, that's bigger than Oscar Maya truck.
Yeah.
Jesus, look at that.
Look at my flashlight over here.
Where's your balls?
There they are.
You're packing a python in your pants and no balls.
I got balls.
There it is.
Oh yeah.
Well let's see what happens when I swear my foot down on your feet.
Yeah!
That hurt, mom.
Hey.
Your voice.
He's sound kind of normal.
Oh, yes.
Quite right.
It's a far far better way to sound.
I don't believe it.
Hey.
Wait, see if I can get a low.
Well, say something.
Fall off the bone baby back ribs.
See that?
Your balls dropped it.
Really good, huh?
East of the Rockies.
Yeah.
Like that, yeah.
Thanks, mom.
Yeah.
You like that hair.
Oh, everything that happens when I put them back.
I'm putting them back, see.
I'll be the same.
But you get a better voice than me.
Hey.
Hey, what are you doing?
This thing dropped out of me like a cobra.
Yeah.
I didn't fool.
It's a coin.
I don't run me.
Not the mouth.
What the fuck?
1119 at 560 WQM.
Happy Friday to you.
You know that story ahead about the Trumpolesting priest again in Boston?
Yes.
The one that was chopped off.
Well, here's another one.
Okay.
So it doesn't really make any difference to that one was chopped off on the margins.
Bishop auxiliary, um, a Boston auxiliary Bishop Emilio S. Allue.
No relation to the baseball playing brothers Allue.
During his years running a seminary for Catholic teenagers in New York,
expelled a high school student who had reported being sexually molested by a Catholic brother at the school,
accordingly, were lawsuit filed in New York Supreme Court.
Joseph Lemmy, the former high school student,
no relation to a problem.
He believes Yerky Loomey said in an affidavit filed with a lawsuit that he complained of the alleged abuse in 72,
but that Allue never encouraged him to report his allegation to civil authorities or hired church officials,
and instead told him he was not priest material.
I literally begged the loot a lot.
Me stay at the seminary, but he just kept shaking his head and saying that I should leave you.
That was Freudian Lemmy, who's now the principal of a Catholic high school, said in the affidavit.
I recognize now that removing me from the seminary was an intentional act that would ensure that the assaults on me
would not be investigated.
If I were removed from the seminary, the seminary would have no further duty to protect me.
Lemmy and the lawsuit said he was a 13 year old and nothing about sex when he entered the
Salishan Junior Seminary is a freshman in 1970.
Soon after he arrived, George Poilo, that a Catholic brother in the Salishan Order, who worked as a Spanish teacher and dormitory supervisor,
began to molest him and did so repeatedly for more than two years, often in Lemmy's dormitory bed, according to the lawsuit.
Lemmy said Poio did not return to the seminary the following year, but maintained contact with him and continued to molest him,
taking into motels on at least ten occasions.
In the lawsuit, Poio also accused the molesting two other plaintiffs.
So there you go.
I did Carlos being the big hurricane fan of these.
Did you hear any of the broadcast on QA last night with Joe and the Don Bailey Junior and the Beast?
Yeah, I heard a little bit of it.
And since nobody in the audience has responded to my question about that?
Uh...
No, don't hold back, okay?
Joseph Gackie doesn't control your job or your paycheck, okay?
Don't be a melee mouth like George, just let it all hang out.
He was a little excitable and Don Bailey Junior, I mean I heard that, it just happens that I turned it on when Don Bailey was making that call.
Come on, come on, come on.
It seemed like he was going to drag the guy across the ends of himself.
Yeah.
But apart from that, it was great.
So last time I'm asking you anything.
300 votes on a poll does TV show too much nudity and indecent material?
If you're offended by any show, change the F-ing channel stoop at 184.
Hell no, I want to see much more, 59.
Too much violence, not enough 641.
Yes, it needs to be stopped.
12. No more nipples.
And no, just about the right amount three.
We still got those three happy people.
Or something that were the satisfied look on their push.
So that's the best you have to say about that broadcast, okay?
I know a little bit about sports casting.
Okay, I haven't done it myself and being a big sports fan most of my life.
And knowing the great broadcasts from the really mediocre ones,
I have never heard anything as embarrassing in my life as the shrieking and outright hysteria that goes on.
So even the mad dog when he starts screaming, you know, he does it under control.
He doesn't just totally lose it.
But it sounded like a couple of like little kids playing radio.
It was just awful, horrible.
And once again, it's showing the kind of market that this is.
It's out of photos.
So you can basically do anything nobody gives a crap.
Even Carlos is sitting there sucking ass.
Shame on you.
Well remember, this is the first time I've ever been in.
It's what?
Well, sports talent is some using that.
So in other words, you never, since you're supposed to be such a football fan,
you never heard anybody else broadcast a football game?
Yeah, the Monday night stuff.
I mean, but this is college.
I'm talking about what is, so what does that mean?
So in other words, in college, you're allowed to scream and get hysterical.
And you're like somebody's like you're balls are being squeezed in a vice.
Yes.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
George, I like to write.
Oh, God.
He was on a long time.
Sure was.
Here's Daniel Beach.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
When is the.
I heard you quit smoking.
How did you do it?
And also why?
Quit smoking what?
So, because they're bad for you.
How did I do it?
I stopped buying them.
The doctor says that's up.
No doctor didn't say anything.
My brain told me.
Okay.
Common sense.
I could do it.
Yes.
Let me sit again.
I stopped buying him.
See if you don't have him.
You can't smoke him.
You know, the other thing is the Democratic Party even though that, you know, we should get the terrorist right away.
But the, uh, well, wait a minute.
What does that mean?
We should get the terrorist right away.
What does that mean?
Well, I mean, I mean, it's wild, but I wish I could get a bunch of my friends and get a sum of them modding myself.
But on the other hand, to make a serious, the, you know, the dog who's saying, again, many years ago in the Gulf War, we should have, uh, got him with George Bush senior.
But on the other hand, we should have, you know, when it comes to a war, they treat their kids in Iraq.
They, you know, when they're, you know, they're, you know, they grow them up to be to hate America, to hate Israel and to hate America.
So what we should have said is we don't want wars like that because I'll have suicide bombers coming over here like they do in Israel.
Mm hmm.
And you know, the Democratic Party.
That's the popular rumor that has been already here.
That's what Bobby Graham tells us.
But anyway, let me just try doing something. Okay.
Let me punch a line up that there's nobody on, which is most of them.
I see these other ones.
They're just dummies.
Okay.
Now they're just dummy buttons.
I just, I'm a little technical thing there right on the year.
Why the hell not?
Why not?
You see what I'm saying?
Because this drop thing, I don't, I don't like this.
It's not, it's like, uh, not the one like on a big clunky phone we got down there that we're not supposed to have anymore, by the way.
Well, we don't.
It's over a behind the mind.
Yeah, it's still around.
But this thing is like, like, uh, well, at any rate, life goes on.
Five, six, and what do you say?
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 pound, five, 60.
On the, yeah, he's going from, how did I quit smoking cigars?
And let's go get the terrorists and he's going to get a bunch of his buddies together and go to get Osama.
All right.
I feel better now.
I'm going to sleep good this weekend.
He's going to get a bunch of his pals together.
I'm going to go out there and kick some ass.
Look at this police find 17 sex toys in local woman's car during the Y traffic stuff.
Now where's this one?
White oak Texas.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, let's see her no more.
Or maybe you'll see a lot of her all depending.
A long view woman who sells sex toys has been charged with they've fell in it with family of sanity.
After White Oak Texas police found some of her wears in a car during this traffic stop.
The arrest report described the 17 items as obscene materials and obscene devices.
But police keep Charlie Smith that they said the items were mostly lotions.
Oh, no.
They were mostly lotions and objects to the fine and addiction areas having the shape and often the appearance of the male genitalia is what it says here.
It puts the lotion in the basket used in sexual stimulation is also what it says.
We wouldn't know anything about that.
How legal is that?
Prosecutors will have to decide when White Oak investigators forward their findings to the DA's office sometime in the next week.
Smith said we'll see what they do with it.
He said, I wonder what he meant by that.
I guess he was speaking figuratively.
We'll see what they do with it.
Kathleen Elizabeth Kathy Grubbs, a distributor for the national company.
Slumber parties ain't called the charge which carries a maximum penalty of two years in jail.
Kind of ridiculous.
State law in Texas appears to be a little less forgiving.
It's illegal to wholesale promote obscene materials or devices.
Texas statutes as an obscene device is a simulated sexual organ or an atom designed or marketed as useful primarily for the stimulation of human genital organs.
The law allows investigators to assume that anyone with six or more of the items is intending to promote them.
So you can use them.
Just don't promote them.
Okay.
Okay.
27 after 11 at 560 WQM.
But what a segue from that into Oliomad.
I can see some connections, you know what?
I guess I better pass.
We break one of those capsules open.
Oliomad Mediterranean formulas are good stuff for you man.
They're advanced combinations of pharmaceutical rate olive oil with vitamins, minerals, herbals, and other nutrients.
Scientificly designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs.
Look for Oliomad's three new formulas.
They have one to help your sleep, one to help you control your weight, and Coke U10, which is stupendous for your heart.
All using the benefits of the finest olive oil that you can buy with anybody's money.
Oliomad's a great new product that's good for you.
It's available at public secrets and wall greens.
If you'd like to get more info column toll free at 1-866-Oliomad.
That's 1-866-6536-333.
You can also order their products online at olio-medamerica.com.
If you visit your nearest publics and buy an olio-med product and date of broward, you can still get a coupon for a free Larry Coker Bobblehead doll, while supplies last.
Maybe pretty soon we'll have the Josie Bobblehead doll.
I wish a Carlos wants one of those bad.
Don't forget to visit their sampling provider in its fourth time every Sunday when the dolphins are playing home games.
Pick up some free olio-med samples and start popping in your push today.
Find a local FIS-6560.
There are years old yours Bobblehead.
Pew in!
And beat the Gator Mead!
And play the Count and Mouse game with the police.
Sniper man, sniper man.
I'm friendly neighborhood sniper man.
When we get Jim he will fall.
And come up by the hair of his balls on the lookout for that sniper man.
Sniper man, sniper man.
Gonna get ya sniper man.
On your ass, Charlie Bruce.
You'll have your testicles in a newspaper.
There is the sniper man.
Bruce, to the person who left us a message, you gave us a telephone number.
We do want to talk to you.
Call us at the number you provide.
Public dialogue continued.
The person you call, but not here, everything that you say.
Call us back so that we can clearly understand.
We want to get it right.
He's sneaky, listen bud.
He's only out for the spill of blood.
When the case is finally cracked, we'll put up my son and scrotals back and look out.
Where is the sniper man now?
Look everywhere we can now.
Where is the sniper man?
Yeah, that inspires me.
I think now that they caught those two guys, those scumbags.
I think since this is the 39th anniversary of the assassination of President Kennedy,
let's get the moosey man on the trail, huh?
Of that?
Yeah.
Find out who we really done it.
I mean, the Warren Commission just sugar coated that thing and lied through their teeth and made up that whole deal,
which is what Johnson wanted them to do.
Isn't the Chinaman's chance that Lee Harvey Oswald shot anybody as a matter of fact,
not officer, Tibet much less JFK.
And then of course there was always our good friend Jack Ruby.
I bet you that at Dorothy Koeh-Kallen, we're still around. She'd tell us.
See how I worked that in there?
And speaking of Volka Brian, Volka Airport closed as three workers take late night target practice.
Do you see this story?
Nope.
That's America for you.
We love our guns, baby.
Yeah.
It was a scary few moments for police early yesterday morning when reports came in of rapid steady gunfire coming from the Volka Raton Airport.
The airport and in San Sus Road were shut down as more than two dozen deputies poured in with police dogs.
The FBI, the Transportation Security Administration and the FAA were notified so plans could be diverted.
Multiple spent shell casings lay on a grassy area.
Was that like a grassy noole?
A pinnacle.
Near the main runway.
Later officials learned that more than a hundred shots had been fired by an airport manager.
An airport maintenance worker in the airport security boss.
The men police said we're getting in little late night target practice.
At this time of heightened security and zero tolerance, that anyone would fire a weapon on airport grounds is bizarre.
Sheriff's Office and spokesman Paul Miller, who obviously is the master of understatement said.
A resident charged with a lawful discharge of a firearm or Donald Curry 42, the airport's facilities manager.
James Esco 31, an independent contractor provided airport maintenance and Andrew Novotak 53, owner of the company contracted to provide security at the airport.
The men all from Volka were booked into Palm Beach County, yesterday afternoon.
On the second to be Mr. Meener charges, Curry was also charged with truck and driving.
Guns and liquor man, bottles and sons liquor and guns.
Esco and Novotak were fired yesterday by airport operator Volka Aviation, a new company.
Navarro Group limited was hired to provide 24 hour security at the airport.
The company's van's arrived at 5 p.m. owner Nick Navarro.
Oh no!
Owner Nick Navarro said his company provides security for the city of Volkan for a lot of the executive airport.
The airport authority suspended Curry and lost an internal investigation.
How do you like that?
Oh man!
Nick Navarro.
Speaking of that good old-time religion, by the way, Scores killed in Nigerian misworld riding from Laos, Nicaria.
Angry mob stab and said fired a bystanders Thursday and riding that erupted after a newspaper suggested Islam's founding profit would have approved of the misworld beauty pageant.
At least 50 now it's up to 100 by the way.
This story is, this is from yesterday.
Now they're saying it's over 100.
At least 100 people were killed and 200 injured.
The violent demonstrators in the northern city of Kaduna burned churches and rampaged through the streets until hundreds of soldiers were deployed to restore common and force a dusted-on curfew.
Street demonstrations began Wednesday with the burning of an office at this day newspaper in Kaduna.
After a public-n-article questioning Muslim groups that have condemned the misworld pageant to be held December 7th in the Nigerian capital of Abuja.
Muslim groups say the pageant promotes sexual promiscuity and indecency.
Huh?
Kind of sounds like America doesn't it with that the ADA?
Yeah.
What would the Prophet Muhammad think?
And all honesty he probably have chosen to wife from among the contestants is Yomad Daniel wrote in Saturday's article.
The newspaper ran a brief front page apology Monday followed by a more lengthy retractment on Thursday saying the offending passage had run by mistake.
In Thursday's rioting more than 100 people were stabbed, bloodshed or burned to death and 200 were seriously injured.
At least four churches were destroyed.
Many of the bodies were taken by Red Cross workers, another volunteer to local mortuaries.
Many people remained inside homes that were set afire by the demonstrators.
More good religion, baby. There you go.
Oh!
And work again.
I like this one about WLS. We'll get to that momentarily.
That pretty interesting?
Yeah.
Not that I'm not like that. I was way ahead of them, but how many years would I start doing that?
Exactly what I was thinking.
Here's plantation. Hello.
Plantation is gone. Nobody there.
It would be nice just one time if I punch up a line actually are there like the first time without repeating it.
You think that'll ever happen?
No.
Here's Cutler Ridge. Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
See you there you go.
Good morning.
Great.
I was watching TV a couple of nights ago and came across Bill Meyer in Channel 12.
Two things that he said stuck to my mind.
One of them was that this country abuses every other country.
The second one was that he maintains that what these people did in September 11 was in cowardly.
I don't want to go through that again. Bill Maher is a total asshole.
He deserves everything evil that comes to him to try to say that there was anything courageous about people who killed 3,000 innocent people.
It's got only an asshole would say something like that.
Okay. I don't want to hear about it.
To think that he's going on their same, the same crap again is just really sad.
Tragic.
Man, is that for us my ass?
Yeah, we got freedom of speech.
I'll write, but we also got freedom of having a brain and knowing when to use it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Any calls about Joseph Gackey and Don Bailey Jr. yet?
No.
No.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
How are you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Joseph Gackey's first thing. Joseph Gackey blows.
And number two.
But that's not a responsible one.
What are you talking about?
He's terrible.
He's terrible.
He's fake.
Yeah.
Now, other thing, this will make you day.
Maybe you saw this. Maybe you didn't.
I don't know if you get sports illustrated.
No, I don't.
Well, there's an ad.
You may want to pick this one up since Tommy Brady is your friend.
The nice ad for milk in this week's, uh,
he's milking it.
He's, he's milking it.
Yeah.
And he's sitting there in parish-older paths and a glass of milk and ice.
So I thought maybe I'd make it.
Oh, right.
Excellent.
Thanks for redeeming yourself.
That was it.
Okay.
Tom Brady is a milking it, baby.
And it's right there in sports illustrated who's obsessed with Tom Brady and why not?
Something we can all be pleased about.
56650560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Westchester.
Hello.
And here, are you doing today?
Okay.
Just one to say happy Friday to you.
And have a good weekend.
Um, did you ever find that Cincinnati bankle sign?
I called a couple weeks ago about it.
Did I ever find what?
No, but I called a couple weeks ago right before the election.
It's in Cincinnati bankle sign.
I was just wondering if you found it or not.
No.
Oh, and about Joseph Zackie.
It's not just...
No, what?
Joseph Zackie.
It's not Zackie.
Yeah.
The thing is, he's not that he's bad.
He was a regular beat reporter and he's never done sports until like three or four years ago.
Yeah.
How many of you keep sworn into the mix?
I mean, you know the old saying you don't know what you've got to have gone?
Well, we really miss Mark Van Damier.
How about he was great.
Yeah.
And keep in mind, by the way, they had a chance for our good close personal friend.
The former voice of the dolphins, Bill Zimper.
He was going to do a U of M football.
Oh, no, we got to have one guy to do all the sports.
You people at U of M man, you're really something, you know?
Had a chance to have Bill Zimper.
A guy who did the dolphin broadcast for eight or nine years, do U of M football.
Oh, no, we got to have the same guy do all the sports.
I mean, Jesus, God almighty.
But that's our Florida for you, baby.
Believe you me, it's Bush league.
That's our Florida sums it up to a tee perfectly.
5.670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
Guys who want to have some serious fun, VIP sportsbook.com.
That's some serious fun.
Even more exciting than seeing Tom Brady in Sports Illustrator.
Well, maybe almost as much.
But football, bet against the heat, which ought to be some easy money like taking candy from a baby.
Oh, bet hockey or anything you want.
Log on to VIPsportsbook.com.
Now, see how easy the site is to use.
In fact, make a bet on Trevor Kid.
The next time he might be playing for the Leafs, don't bet on it soon.
You don't have to be a high-roader to play at the best.
And then, of course, is VIPsportsbook.com, where you can bet his little five bucks.
So have some fun.
You might even win some cash, at least to be treated like a VIP.
I bet your horse players out there really going to enjoy this.
VIPsportsbook.com pays track odds plus 10%.
You'd be crazy not to bet horses there.
VIP online casino is great too.
They got blackjack. They got cramps.
Slots with a minimum wage was lowest 10 cents.
We're talking about some serious fun.
And believe me, there ain't too much fun at the legal in South Florida.
But here's some.
It's easy to sign up online.
Just go to VIPsportsbook.com or give them a call, toll free at 1-800-VIP-Bets-V-T-S.
Sign up. Now, get to that 15% cash.
Sign up bonus.
So go on and have some fun by signing on to VIPsportsbook.com.
We're sports video five six five two way.
I'm a year is I'll show you mine.
Waitings, there's nothing worse than a stinky smell emanating from way down there.
Oh, believe me, your love tunnel can get that way pretty fast from improper care.
So if you want to clean, prim and proper love canal, you need to use glitter rocks.
It's the industrial strength wedge cleaner.
And it comes in a variety of flavors to please him.
Hmm, strawberry. My favorite.
Hold your horses big guy.
So if you want to clean fragrant love subway, get glitter rocks.
Because soap and water just isn't enough. Now where were we?
Oh yeah.
I'm 46 at 5.62.
And what's the date for the Victoria Secret Special in Nigeria?
I don't know. Can you see that?
Let me check the TV guide.
351 votes on our poll and take a look at this TV show too much nudity and indecent material.
ViewRongers.com. Go on there and think about it.
Okay. Dittle around a little bit.
W.L.S. Radio, hang up on colors who sound old.
Oh, I like that. I was the innovator of that.
It says if you happen to sound like you're older than 54, like me, regardless of what your actual age may be.
Don't even bother calling it any of the talk shows in W.L.S.
You're not welcome anymore. W.L.S. in Chicago, by the way, for those who are uninitiated, for those who can't find it on the map.
Like it or not, that's the official word from the new program chief of the ABC-owned news talk station.
In a confidential memo to stackers this week, W.L.S. operations director Michael don't call me Fudge Packer
or to them to screen out any old sounding colors no matter what they have to say.
The directive offers a rare glimpse into how far one radio station will go to zero in on its target demographic.
In this case, those advertiser coveted listeners between the ages of 25 and 54.
We do not want any colors who sound over 54, Packer wrote,
we never air anything content or colors that sounds older than our very broad target, which is 25 to 54.
An occasion when it makes sense when their content or colors aimed at younger demos, but not older demos.
In other words, to make a long story short, they don't want to yield a old farts on the year.
A second memo from Packer this week reminded his host and producers to make sure the content of your promo, the content of your show,
and every color screen for airing itself is laser focused on the W.L.S. target the 40-year-old.
Or you talk about, how do you do that?
How do you do that? What is the 40-year-old interested in that a guy 38 or a woman 42 was interested in?
In addition to watch, how do you know how somebody calls whether they're 53 or 55?
Well, if they sound like it.
It's stupid.
Stupid. Typically, other people in this business, if they sound old, not if they're over 55, if they sound old.
Packer rejoined W.L.S. in September after 60, as a radio consultant in Detroit.
Oh!
Acknowledged that he wrote the memos but said they were intended simply as internal guidelines.
I contended that we do put some colors on who are older than 54 we said.
It's whether they're old sounding that's the key, not their chronologically.
Why didn't you say that in the memo, you jackass?
You can have a person who's 80 doesn't sound old.
I would say that Mike Wallace and Barbara Walters don't sound old to me.
Then again, you can have a depressed 35-year-old that does sound old.
In any talk station, there's a screening process that takes place.
So how should Packers Host and Producers determine whether a color sounds too old?
It's a subjective process that they go through.
We said they're trained to listen to people and they're pace.
Obviously, they're looking for good communicators.
People who are articulate and have something to say and get right to the point.
When it's not going to start, is this man crazy or what?
They're articulate. They have something to say.
They're going to get right to the point.
No.
This guy is dreaming. I think too much packing.
In fact, I was him. I wouldn't unpack.
Here's a call from Boca. Hello.
Hey, you're Hiner from South of Galarn.
Okay.
Can I call myself a pickback?
Yeah.
See the echo is always like a warning.
It's like the radio gods. No.
Here's a call from Pepper Pine. Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Well, a small radio 89WLS should bring back John Garantell with that fudge packer.
Doesn't sound like he knows what he's doing.
Who's on WLS? Who does the talk shows on there?
Well, your good buddy Greg was on there for a little while.
Greg, who?
The one that keeps coming back like a bad tenor.
Greg, you Dell?
I heard he was at...
I think he was at LS.
Oh, right.
Or maybe about five minutes. Do you think he unpacked?
No, I hope not.
He's probably already just travels light a toothbrush.
Easily.
And he's drink manual.
I had a comment for that last...
And by the way, I'm 50.
Do I sound like I'm 50?
No.
Okay, thank you.
I would say he's sound about 42.
Thanks.
Oh, that's who's George held up the fingers.
Now, I want to tell you about that other call that you called.
Okay, if I can see George's fingers from Toronto, I'm doing pretty good.
But anyway, that's true. That's true. You got me there.
The last call that I called regarding Joseph Gackie Singh,
he's only been doing sports for three or four years.
Yeah.
What kind of drugs is he taking?
So Gackie was...
Just Gackie's since Sonny Hurst died.
So Gackie was doing baseball.
How long has that?
About five years, six years?
Something like that.
Because I used to work with Sonny Enjo with the old IOD days with Amos
doing the UM games down the Orange Bowl like...
Famous Amos?
Famous Amos?
Yeah, Famous Amos. Amos Goble. Remember Amos?
Yeah.
Okay.
That was it.
Just wanted to correct the last call.
Sorry, I didn't know what he was talking about.
But you're not making any comment though about it.
Now, do you listen to Joe doing the games with Don Bailey Jr.?
Occasionally.
And?
He crushed it.
Does that mean I'll see you.
See, everybody likes to personally.
So they just don't want to say it.
It's just like Carlos. You're such a weasel, man.
I think George probably put you up to it.
He did.
Being such a weasel.
Oh, we don't want to say too much,
because we're in a very delicate position here.
So we have to weasel up.
Of course, off the air.
You know, off the air.
It's another story.
I'm going to start taping our off the air conversations in the morning.
What about you?
What do I say off the air that I do?
You read people and ass.
Who?
Name it.
And then we get on here.
You play that little thing there.
That little, whatever that thing is.
You got the crickets.
Yeah, there they are.
I was doing that.
Even funny.
I'm embarrassed by your behavior, Mr. Okay.
Even buddy.
Holly's not too happy with it.
During the psychotic mo episode, I didn't want to say anything.
Who?
It's after nine.
Mr. Wobbler.
I'm sorry.
I want you to play that again for me, by the way.
Where is that?
It's right here.
It's handy.
I want to hear it again right now.
Right now?
Just me right now, because you just...
Just wait five seconds and it'll start magically.
You violated the thing.
Sorry.
Total problem.
Idiot.
All right.
The eye.
What is it again?
The eye.
It won't be talked in or more about both.
You know, his smelly wig,
Fainz or his lousy show.
We'll play some bits now and then it's just fine.
We'll start at nine.
We draw the line.
I'm trying to...
Don't give a crap about that cranky schmuck.
No.
With this fading nose up, pay people's butt.
Welcome.
At least until nil decides to change his mind.
Till then at nine.
We are.
We draw the line.
Oh.
Okay.
Now don't be going over that line again or you might not even be...
Sorry.
...sort eight week.
Seven till noon at five, sixty, WQM.
Don't forget, join George tomorrow and get a commiserate with him.
11-1 at the singular wireless in Aventura, 20335, this game boulevard.
Stop it once some of our usual low budget QN crappy prizes.
And register to win upfront tickets through upcoming Panthers hockey game.
Any interest?
No.
Just stop by to see George making feel like you care.
Here's Carl Springs.
Hello.
Yeah, hey, hey, you doing big man.
Okay.
What's up, nil?
Yeah.
I don't know.
I might be in the wrong place.
You guys are talking way too much about Fudge Pack.
And this ain't the Homo show, is it?
Yeah, it's the Homo show.
Listen, they guys make a fun of J. Seedler too.
Reverend Jones.
Oh, it is not Reverend Jones.
Not Reverend Jones.
No, it's some other asshole.
567, when you just calm down, I got pretty good ears.
I know the callers.
Okay.
If it was like Dennis, then I might need to help you.
You put on a fake role the last time he called.
That was not Reverend Jones.
Okay.
It was Reverend Smith.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, you still watching Smallville?
Yes.
Every time that show comes on me and my girlfriend, we found this thing where every time Lex Luthor comes on the air, he says,
my father, and I can't even concentrate on the plot anymore because I'm just waiting for my father.
You notice that?
Yeah.
That's not funny.
No, I never did notice that.
I'll start a game of it.
I'll start looking for Tuesday night though.
I'm telling you, once you notice it, that's all your concentrate on because it'll come on.
No, I can assure you that when I'm watching that show, I will not be concentrating on anything Lex Luthor has to say.
You're saying I'm telling you, you'll hear my father.
No, I'm telling you, sir.
I will not be concentrating on Lex Luthor.
This guy isn't, he don't get it at all, does he?
Probably not.
360 people.
Three hundred and sixty-three votes on the pool.
I'm telling you, George is not going to be here next week.
Mark my words on that.
Way over the line.
Does TV show too much nudity and indecent material we ask?
Pretty lukewarm response.
In fact, it responses all this week of an eh, you know, not too great.
That's because they're all probably heating up their radio to get over to Russia.
And also we can hear his latest response to a Tom D'Agell.
Now what would Jesus listen to?
The obesity and broadcasting network.
Anyway, does TV show too much nudity and indecent material?
If you're offended by any show, change the F and channel stupid.
220 people, 60.6% of this audience say that.
Hell no, I want to see much more, 74, much more.
Too much violence, not enough sex, 46.
Yes, it needs to be stopped.
17, 4.6% say too much of that racy crap it gets my her pacemaker going.
And no, just to buy the right amount.
Five who are just barely like alive.
I can move.
Jesus, who's radio-fixing?
You way, yeah.
The 12 to 1 hour.
Oy, babe.
All right, welcome back to the dazzling,
be spectacle of the Mohaveta baby in a show where I work very, very hard.
The provide used with intellectuals for whole amusement.
Stop!
Get up, you chocolate, don't let the fuck up.
This is the big thing when I drop the bomb.
Oh boy, here comes the bomb.
Now, it's my understanding that those metalers homeless on the wall.
Don't know who I am, see.
They think they got me licked.
Well, they did get you right.
Shut your mouth.
You're looking at it don't know about you.
Kiss your ass.
Here you go.
Kiss it.
Which move?
Any of them.
Now, kiss it.
Okay.
All right.
Now, where was we?
It's dropping the bomb.
Oh yeah.
Well, actually, I got two bombs, you see.
Yes.
Because I like the column, little boy and big boy.
Just like the bomb that wiped out all the mutes and slopes.
Those bombs think they got one over on me.
Why I'll show them.
All right, here's the poised one.
As it turns out, George ain't the only lover named George at this queer hair over here.
No.
You see, he has an affinity to Guy's name George.
Oh.
Sure.
And when he hears this, now I got this from a highly trusted source.
Hey, hand.
Give me some fanfare here, stupidity.
I will midday, maggot friend.
Had intimate a family.
With George, my harris and George, later.
Yeah.
Well, that's it.
That's the bomb.
Oh.
You're so goddamn stupid.
You know that?
Yeah.
You ain't heard nothing yet.
Okay.
Now, here's the big boy.
It just so happens, how it's dying is a very close in face in a little friend of mine.
Yeah.
Well, I certainly, he's even got his far secure angle mod from me.
Like that Heather brought on Fox News.
Wow.
Really?
Hey, let me tell you, she gave me full service.
I come to balls the weight.
So what about how it, foe?
How it died?
Don't you let the call me that.
Uh huh, okay.
Anyway, and the famous for me, Christmas Day, is having his team of a correct fit writers.
Ripped that crap pattern and that pipe smoking out there.
With that rolling comedic style.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I guess one right here.
I guess the good thing started.
Roll it.
Neal Rob, church and church, artists of big and the queer, the stink and the queer, the
stink and the queer, let's be inspegian, the jimisin' and the venus' disciple of the
venus' disciples of the Olympian.
Neal Rob, church and church, artisim' and the stink, art of the queer, the lesbian and the
indian, venus' disciples of the Olympian.
Funny, huh?
That oughta pick, there he is.
Yeah.
Uh huh.
Listen you, get the other bottom of my ass.
That's right.
Okay.
Move the back out of the way.
That's better.
Here's your Polish and dumb pastin'.
12.
12.
12.
12.
12.
12.
12.
12.
11.
12.
14.
16neasrance, graduates of the Olympian Awards, colleges of the and my Sleeping
authorities in Santa Barbara, California, say the increasingly wacky dead won't face any
penalty there Jackson and his three kids live in a posh town, northwest of Los Angeles,
on a ranch called Neverland as we know.
Oh, never again.
Now this facts, and I'm so pleased that you've faxed this to me again.
Again this is what it's all about.
This is what talk show collars and talk show faxes are all about right here.
Now do you know why he faxed me this?
Do we win Paul?
No.
Because earlier in the show, of course, you probably forget because you know, he faxes so often I said you can't separate one from the other.
Fact earlier in the show, something occupist thing which I forget about what that was all about.
And I didn't read it.
I didn't pay any attention to him.
He faxes again and says attention, Neil.
I guess the luster is worn off on my faxes.
Yes.
When we first started, when we first started, like we had some kind of a relationship going on, some kind of romance, like we were dating.
Tom Brady, yes, you know, Paul.
When we first started, you stab some excitement in your voice.
I can't believe you're mad at me.
I'm one of your loyal listeners.
Have a great Friday.
Okay.
Thanks.
I was having a mediocre Friday until a super faxed Paul.
It's enough to make me turn against the Patriots.
Okay.
I think that the bears, somebody really crappy.
Get out of here, New England, Paul.
Another lifeless, desperate.
Do not pay any attention to me.
I'm a part of your life like that.
Other Paul guy that was on my show when I and Z a hundred years ago.
Remember that?
Paul Harvey.
No, no.
This guy that was on I and Z came in my just to have a guest on the show.
He came in and sat around with some panel of punks.
Oh, I'm a part of your life.
I was on your show part of my life.
My ass.
That's okay.
And not part of my ass either.
You idiot.
Man.
So sad how many really desperate people are out there.
In case you haven't been listening.
Here's Miami Springs.
Hello.
Hey, it happened to me.
Good afternoon.
Hey, yeah.
Just wanted to comment about Joe Z about the hurricane.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I was at the game last night and well, anyway, you know, I had my radio with me and I made
sure, you know, when I go in the stadium that I don't have it on QA and I have it on
WVM.
But anyway, coming out of the stadium, walking out of the stadium, going to my car, I have
been listening to post game show and I heard when a Joe Z calls on, you know, replayed on
post game show.
And I found myself, geez.
I mean, this guy has drunk three two liters of Joe, Joe call, you know, with the beer
thing.
I have the other club, but I don't have the moment I went.
I don't know how far for the hurricane touchdown.
But that call there and Don Bailey, Jr.
Come on, come on.
I mean, screaming hysterical in the background.
That was so embarrassing.
If I were them, I'd just crawl under a table somewhere and never show my head again.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I didn't hear Don Bailey was back.
That was, oh, what a joke.
And evidently, nobody listens to those games on our radio station.
They're else the sports that they're saying, listen, I'll be cause I'm on.
But nobody's got the balls to call and say it.
It's embarrassing.
It's humiliating.
And here they had a chance to have Zimper, a real pro, one of the real tops, do their
games.
And instead they got my buddy, Joseph.
Right.
And the guy I was with at the game, he doesn't listen to Joe, he also listen to that
TVM at the game.
That's quite a commentary right there in itself.
I tell you.
Okay, well, I'll talk on the table.
Thanks.
Okay, you're welcome.
Oh, he took us three hours and five minutes to get that response.
And if you thought he did, if you think he does a great job, I'd be willing to hear
that too.
But, oh, no, we're not going to talk to you about it.
We'll talk to somebody objective like Hank.
Yeah.
Like Hank, we'll talk to Joe's boyfriend and see what the operas to say about that call.
Oh, man.
See, if you're really a friend, hopper, you ought to be telling me just, just comment down
a few notches.
You're just out of control.
You're psychotic.
You're psychotic.
You're shrieking.
Over here.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T line.
Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Miami again.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I saw a bumper sticker I'd like you to hear about.
Yeah, it was a...
Speaking of what would Jesus drive?
And you know, the normally it's what would Jesus do.
The bumper sticker says, what?
I bet Jesus would have used his turn signal.
That's all I got.
Okay.
Sharpton leads downtown Miami March.
Oh!
Not.
The Reverend Al Sharpton led more than 200 protesters across downtown Miami Thursday to call for the
release of Haitian migrants who remained in federal detention since waiting assured nearly
a month ago, and they've been waiting a long time.
Sharpton and the Crown chanted, no justice, no peace as they carried signs, and marched across
downtown to the torts of freedom on Biscayne Bay.
After Rally Sharpton called for a change in federal policy, there was all new illegal migrants
be detained until they reported or rarely granted asylum.
It's a very distressing thing to see people hurt it up and treat in a way that we do not treat
others coming to the West Sharpton Bay.
Before the rally, Sharpton went with about 40 of the more than 200 Haitians detained
at the Chrome detention center in Southwest State County and told them they had wide public
support and encouraged them, first to know that there were thousands upon thousands in
Florida, and millions around the country are with them, Sharpton said.
And I'm sure they're really happy to have Al Sharpton on their side, huh?
No, seriously, in their case they can't be choosy.
Unfortunately, it has to be him.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Line.
Here's Atlanta, hello.
Yeah, yeah, I want to know if George Schuss has parked his suite.
Yeah.
391 votes on the pool.
If I was you, I'd go in the other room right now and just slap Carlos around a head
a little bit.
Yeah, just hit him a couple of times in the head.
Why am I always skeptical on those, you know what?
I was too, but actually sounded real.
Yeah.
Why because he sounded under 55?
Yeah, between 55 and 53.
Here's Miami, hello.
Oh, Neil, how are you?
Okay.
This is Don Ed.
Two-old.
Two-old.
5667-0560, what?
He was two-old.
How could you hear me laugh and I had the mic off.
No, that guy was two-old.
No, I'm the one who invented that.
W.I.
I was thinking of the new.
I created that many years ago.
That's why it changed the whole show.
Instead of talking to people over 90 years old, that's why there is no more topical talk radio.
Only right wing radio, see?
Because everybody else with a sense of humor, they got tired of that crap, which unfortunately is very bad for them, but tough crap.
I got to talk to some old cocker like that, that some of the frog is about here.
Like walking death with a death rattle in the back.
I don't want to hear that.
The pressing.
3.91 votes on the pool.
This TV show too much nudity and indecent material, huh?
This is all in the wake of that big simmesty head with the FCC and everybody else about Victoria's Secret.
All these right wing goy-amout there who are all whipped up to a frenzy because somebody saw Nipple or two ear or there.
A Nipple.
There's a big ripple because somebody saw a Nipple, okay?
And guess the way too happy about it either.
Gold Mr. Whipple.
He's squeezing it.
The Nipple?
No, something else and I ate the shaman either.
If you're offended by any show, change the FN channels stupid 237 said that nearly 61% of this perverted crowd.
Hell no, I want to see much more 80, over 20% want to see more, they want to see some real flesh.
Not just a lingerie free can show.
Too much violence, not enough sex, and other 50.
Yes, it needs to be stopped 17, 4.3% said that.
4% silly people.
And no just the right amount, six.
Well, that's good that we got six people up there who are just, they got just the right, see what I'm saying?
Much like the porridge, it's like the porridge, not too hot, it's not too cold, it's just right.
Like the calls today, you know, not too good, pretty bad.
Oh, ask me if I care, do you care?
No.
I mean, it's kind of stupid, you know, I come on a year and I'm screaming and ranting and raving about the fact that the right wing, they got all the talk radio and they got all the clout and they got everybody all whipped up and that the liberals and the moderates and anybody to the left of a till of the hunt doesn't care.
And then I'm trying to whip everybody up, but I know they don't care anyway. What's the point in that?
I must be getting pretty stupid my old age, over 54 stupid.
Yeah, that's me.
Uh oh, I think George just did anything.
What? I guarantee you folks, George will not be there next week.
He's going to be on suspend to the sentence marked by word, but before he starts his suspension of Lula appearance, markers he gets paid for.
You want to go on that suspension?
Okay, in fact, maybe this will be the one that everybody talked about.
They thought you were going to get before when somebody was trying to get you can that we don't talk about after nine a week of penance.
Oliomed Mediterranean formulas are damn good stuff.
Maybe years ago, a zillion years ago, the Greeks, the Italians, the Spaniards, they discovered that olive oil is really great stuff.
It's good for you.
And that's why Oliomed is so good because that's what it's based on.
The finest olive oil and money can buy or in those little capsules combined with other good stuff.
Vitamins, minerals, herbals and all kinds of other great nutrients.
Scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs.
Look for Oliomed's three great new formulas.
There's one to help you sleep, one to help you control your weight and co-Q10 all using the benefits of pharmaceutical rate olive oil, like I said, the best under the sun.
Oliomed's an outstanding new product that you can pick up just about all over town because more and more people are searching for it and grabbing it.
You'll find it at public's, records and Walgreens.
If you want to get more information call Oliomed tool free and 1-866 Oliomed.
That's 1-866-6536-333.
You can also order their products online at oliomedamerica.com.
And if you're visiting your public's and by oliomed product and date and brow art, you can still get one of those scoop ons for a free Larry Coker Bobble Handel.
He's at the 50th of all that.
Well, supplies last.
I got to get that tape.
In fact, that's your assignment Carlos.
Get the tape at that long touchdown run that they had last night.
Yep, I know exactly what you're talking about.
Oh, don't forget to visit their sampling video and its sports done every Sunday with an offensive report.
You can also find your home game.
Pick up some free olio meds.
Start poppin' in your push reel soon.
Slide in local.
Your sports radio 560s.
You ain't.
You ain't.
Why the, you bastard.
Oh, ride.
Oh, that has really, please go away.
Find a new way to attack them if they go home.
And eat your whole homes.
Until you explode.
Coo-ah!
Just like your fat fat churn and ladies have to fight your seats on a plane.
Spend them your fingers that have yellow stained from cheetos.
Can't see your toes.
After Piggy Poo knows.
Grout to be fact disgusting and tasty.
Oh, boy.
You make the childhood women smile.
They like a cow's.
And it's fancy.
Things smelly, bad soul.
You're cold so then mild.
Your body cheese smells like a grapple.
After it was occupied by head, pass learned it.
Just you want to get into your car.
Cus you're too got to am wide.
I can squeal.
I can squeal.
I can squeal fat lady.
Living with your numberless means.
Slavering and starting the tree between her knees.
Meshmentato yeast.
Smells fishy to me.
That is a fortuna that's moist and tasty.
From 19 at 560 WQA,
a pain is almost over.
Mad Dog will be along at 1.
401 votes on that pool.
Pretty lame if you ask me.
560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Pompano.
Hey, how you doing?
Did you do the...
What would Jesus drive thing yesterday?
How'd that work out?
Who's Jesus came out on Pomp?
And then after that close on its behind
was a Cadillac, the old Juke anew?
Terrific.
You know, I reminded me.
You remember that picture that the National Inquirer
published of Jenna,
Bush and her sister,
rolling around drunk at the cake?
Remember that?
Yeah.
Well, right after that,
somebody came up with something to piss off the Jesus Christers
and they put that picture on a mug
and they had WWJD.
What would Jenna drink?
Yeah, that's a lot of fun.
I love that.
I fill it with vodka
and I get to drink vodka and liquor,
let's see.
Family values to the max.
Outstanding.
Take care.
Have a great day.
I like that.
You'd like to have one of those, wouldn't you?
Yeah, if I got a hold of Barbara,
I'd drink vodka and liquor.
560, 560,
Pompano, 560 on the AT&T
and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Bokeh, hello.
Hey, Neil, I got a hot question for you.
Oh, what?
A hockey question.
Hockey?
Yeah.
You must be joking.
No, really, this is a question I could never understand,
stand to kill.
If they go, he leads the creeps to play the puck.
Why does he not fall into the same rules
as all the other players out there
and get in check the next day?
He leads the, you know, he leads the,
the things that he's really like.
Well, technically, theoretically,
he's supposed to be.
You're supposed to be able to hit him,
but because the rules are all geared
to a protecting gold tender,
and he's got all that heavy equipment on him,
he really can't care.
That's the reason why.
Okay, one more question.
One more statement.
I want to tell you that I had said some stupid things in my life
as we all have,
but I never, ever, ever said that you were a part of my life.
Oh, no.
See the previous part was just a pretty good right.
Now, which, which Paul is that?
Is that the, the, the, the, the Paul is at the other Paul?
I don't know.
That's the other one.
That's the one for my NZ.
Who did say that repeatedly, by the way?
No, you, yeah, I know you didn't say I was part of your life.
You said you were part of my life.
Then how do you like that?
He's still there.
Oh, I'm like the not slanting lady
and little Joey and all of other,
uh, uh, chronic from the past.
Even Paul Harvey Jr.
They're all gone.
Yeah, you did say it.
He was the first time.
Huh?
Paul Harvey Jr. is out there.
How do you know that?
I, I can feel it.
No, you can't.
He's not there.
He's not there.
They're all gone.
In fact, maybe that was a good deal.
I did those seven months of bedtime stories,
because I think we kind of cleansed out a certain portion of the audience.
You want to be pleased about that?
Yeah.
At least you see we still got Rich Pactor.
He's still Faction and he's not a caller anyway.
He's still Faction.
In fact, they're pretty good stuff lately.
So he's probably got a smirk on his voice,
because Paul Harvey Jr.
He had, he, uh, bailed out.
But Rich Pactor, he's loyal.
He'll be on the phone before the end of the show you watch.
Who's that?
Paul Harvey Jr.
Well, how do you see how fast this guy was on there?
It starts out pretending to be calling about a hockey qualifier,
which had nothing to do with anything else,
instead of like getting right to it,
and have it as a discussion about it like a man,
and then clicks the phone down.
Sure you said it.
You're an overrun child, and you're still listening.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I was Hollywood.
You can fuse me there for a second.
I knew.
Here's, uh, it says Miami and my screen, man.
Look around you.
I'm in Hollywood.
I'm on 441.
Is there anybody?
Is there anybody speaking English there?
No, there's Indians all around me.
Oh, okay.
I'm from my Indians.
Okay.
You're sitting.
By the bingo.
But, um, what is it going to tell you?
Um, yeah, the caller called, uh,
uh, the four of the last break,
whatever, about the Joe Zagaki.
Like, I can't believe what they were thinking.
That guy, he's not only, does he suck.
He just, he has, he's bought a great person.
Everybody starts good things about him.
He's a nice guy, yeah.
He, he is, which I'm not sure he is.
And, uh, he, he's, he's just not, he's not a bug.
He got no one flexing in his voice.
It's his monotone that can be.
Yeah, I think what he's trying to do is compensate that.
He's going to the other extreme and do
when he's played by play games and screaming and getting hysterical
to try to show that he's not boring.
Well, you don't have to get hysterical to be not boring.
No, yeah, that's, that's what that's most likely way to do.
He's trying to get all excited and hyped up
because he doesn't have that natural, you know,
voice him like some of the other guys.
Like the guy Van the mere last one.
That goes great.
Do you own your arms any ear like my little dog belongs any ear?
Hey, um, uh, Neil, real quick.
I had to say I got a lot of respect for you.
All right, I'm really glad you started taking calls back again.
You know, I just think it brings a little more to the show.
Well, especially like today, I mean,
look at the way calls we've had today.
No, I know.
I, I, I, I actually made a drive.
I did.
I did.
I was one of those calls to listen forever and then I sort of was like,
you know, change in the station afterwards.
But whatever I'm glad I'm glad you're taking calls real quick though.
Um, the reason why I say I got a lot of respect for you is because, um,
unlike, uh, fat Hank that comes up later, you know,
when he gets a crank, he's calling you back on your phone.
Uh, why are you cranking my show?
He tells one of his little guy, why are you cranking my show?
I'm going to report you to a crank caller.
You're good for him.
Good for him.
Good for him.
But come on, uh, Neil, good to cave, man.
I got a real fat, fat guy, bro.
That's okay.
That's gay to call people back when they're like disrupting your,
your attempt to do, you know, earn a livelihood.
More power to my only wish that we had the ability to do that.
If we had caller ID, how are they doing that?
The star 69.
Remember, they have a staff at.
I got a whole bunch of people and I got 15 point line each year.
We got Carlos.
Do you have that tape, by the way, of Joe doing that to call on at long tough time?
Not yet, almost.
This is cute.
There's a thing about Steve Kane.
That's cute.
Okay.
See, I wouldn't waste my time with Mr. Ego that much time as long as to read that facts
because there just aren't that many people who have any ID who we is anymore.
Here's a guy that's been in time for what?
20 years.
Never had a number on any station.
Even on station's had big numbers like WS News at the time.
Never had a number.
Even when he followed you?
No, he never had a number when he followed anybody.
He never followed me.
I was on it night.
He was on 3 to 7.
He was on IOD.
Oh, what?
Yeah, that's true.
He didn't have a number of the first book and then after they heard enough of the same old tired stuff that can try crap every day.
Plus, he started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
He started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball cards.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I love this one.
I love this one.
You see the part on this woman?
Do you like 50 or 60 years?
I think you made that.
I think you made the nice in America.
Yeah, yeah.
Beautiful.
And this is an act digital quality.
Isn't that nice?
This is coming from a long way away.
Wow.
How about those stupid Americans still looking for us in games?
Are they here?
They are on the open road.
Woo!
They are on the open road.
What's going on?
What's going on?
We should hasten to put out the guy to call before about Hank's people screening the
crank calls.
He's obviously going to hang cranks.
Hank Cranks.
Yeah.
Trump 33 and 560 WQM.
Here's a fact from Dave and Western who says,
my two or four-year-old son can do a better job broadcasting on their Mr.
microphone than Josie and Don Bailey Jr.
That's so low-recorrect.
He got that tape yet, Carlos?
It's coming.
Yeah, it's coming.
So is the next book as two.
Here's that story.
I promised George a union sponsored protest rallies at Wal-Mart stores across the nation
yesterday to draw attention to the retail, giant salary and benefit policies.
Picketers were absent in the Arkansas-based company's home state.
In March of state, judge in Arkansas issued a permanent injection prohibiting the United
Food and Commercial Workers' International Union from soliciting inside Wal-Mart
buildings and stores.
Union spokesman Greg Deneer said members avoided Arkansas out of concern about what
our response state courts will have to the pickets.
Wal-Mart uses the judicial system in the state of Arkansas to promote its interest.
Deneer said from a rally in Alexandria, Virginia,
we stayed out basically because of the court injunction over the concern of what Arkansas
courts might do on behalf of Wal-Mart.
The union says it's joined with more than 120 nonprofit groups and other unions,
and its efforts to improve the lot of Wal-Mart workers,
the groups want Benton, and Pelarkin, saw based Wal-Mart stores,
inked the world's largest private employer,
the paid workers more, and improved benefits.
About 100 events were held in 40 cities.
The union said each rally had 500 to 1,000 people.
Wal-Mart released a statement saying,
and hope the rallies don't deter shoppers.
We think it's unfortunate that the unions using these rallies to discredit our company
that Wal-Mart released said,
we are confident our customers will keep this union activity in perspective.
The union contends that Wal-Mart workers don't earn a decent wage,
with an average salary of 7.5 bucks an hour,
while Carlos wishes he was making that.
And nearly two-thirds have no health insurance.
The company said it offers universal or rather unrivaled career opportunities
and treats work as well.
I mean, they offer treats.
You know, like dog treats?
Look up.
Speaking of that, what a segue.
It's only by accident I got a great story that I love.
I'm going to get to momentarily.
15,000 years with man's best friend.
This is a nice story.
Type bond between dogs, masters,
unleashed research, surprises.
Hey, like that.
And I'm going to tell you again right now,
anybody out there without like a dog,
you ain't, we're just going to cart your ass away.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yeah.
Little Joey.
Oh, no.
What a shock.
Where have you been?
You said where was everybody gone?
Yeah.
No, I didn't say where is everybody gone.
I mentioned a few you were people by name,
and you came through, which was shocking to me.
I was listening.
I just, I haven't said,
like you said, if you have nothing to say,
then there's no need to call.
Well, let me ask you, when did you ever call me?
And one time, because you said that your lovely wife
is a teacher in the late county school system,
and at one time you called,
you had something very profound to say.
But other than that over the years,
I don't recall you ever having anything to say.
No, then again, I wasn't in the right state of mind
most of the time, but that's, you know.
In other words, you were stowed out of your mind,
because you were using your own samples.
Is that what you're trying to say?
Most probably, yes.
But I can't behave like that now.
Now, how's the drug business going?
I don't know.
I've been out of it for a couple of years.
And what are you doing these days?
I'm a CPA.
You're a CPA?
Yeah.
Really?
Really?
Well, how do you go from being a detailed man with CPA?
Well, I got tired of being a detailed man,
so I went back, got a master's, and a CPA.
Woo!
And I've been a CPA now for two years.
Well, I'll be damned.
How's your lovely wife doing?
She's doing fine.
She's back again teaching.
She had last year off,
because we have a 50-month-old daughter, so.
Little Joey's got a baby.
Yep.
And old STEM, he's got probably about five or six by now.
All these punks, man, from those eight of days,
they're all reproducing.
I know, because you're my senior.
I'm a scary child.
No, I can't.
I really can't.
All right.
Well, thanks for responding, man.
That was a real treat.
I have never left, though.
You know, even during the bedtime story,
huh?
Exactly.
Now, let me get your honest opinion.
Don't fudge with me here, because you've been around
a long time.
Now, what's your opinion about that?
About the bedtime story's needs calls?
The calls, I would say, I prefer the calls.
Yeah.
It got to the point where sometimes it was a little bit ponders,
but it never got to the point where it would force me to switch the channel.
Oh, thank God for that, because that was a free-beer game.
You're going to lose Rick the mailman.
Thanks, Joey.
Give your wife a kiss for us.
You've got to, oh, if you get a tape of the touchdown,
get a tape of the first touchdown,
because it sounds like both of them are, like, two teenagers
having their first orgasm ever.
Yeah, that's exactly what I heard.
It was, uh, beyond belief.
Take care, Joey.
All right, see you.
Say goodbye.
How do you like that little Joey?
And we had my good friend, Paul, who's a very important part of my life.
What?
Why does he deny that?
How many starts out with it?
Why do you people play such games?
Why do you just, I mean, we're a zillion miles apart.
It's over the phone.
It's anonymous.
I mean, I'm here.
You're there.
What difference does it make?
You call up and you say, hey, so I was a little carried away,
but I'm still out here listening as opposed to making up some stupid ass hockey question,
which is just a way trying to ingratiate and suck around.
Nobody there gives a flying F about hockey, a flying fig, as they say on passions.
And I still think that show is going off, which is a shame.
I mean, we just keep seeing that same thing every day with Antonio.
We're going to tell poor Antonio and share it.
And again, I've already made something happen on air, okay?
And bring back somebody that used to be on a show beside all these new imposterous brothers.
I thought the old Gwen was ugly.
This one's got to talk about a sour twist.
And George once told me that there's nothing worse than a sour,
a very little worse.
422 votes.
I want to see 500 on there by the time the show ends.
What we're going to do, see, because I'm sick and tired of watching all these right-wing assholes.
And I realize I'm only on this one little station because my agent is an overgrown child who wants to be a baseball player.
But let's try to whip these bastards up a little bit.
You know what I'm saying? You think it'll work?
No.
But let's try anyway.
Okay, let's get an A for effort.
Let's get something for effort.
I do like Canada though. I'll say that.
Oh, light years ahead.
Light years ahead.
People with an education.
People who have some idea where to help you all around the map, eh?
As opposed to that thing that I read earlier that I just still can't get over it.
It makes you weak.
It makes you weak like Al Martino's voice.
It makes you weak.
It makes you feel like somebody else slapped you up the side of the head and bring it back to reality.
And then you realize it is reality.
It's freaking America for you.
Well, that was great here from Joey.
Oh!
That made it worthwhile.
And at least he gave me an honest answer.
He didn't beat around the bush.
He didn't do like George.
Oh, we enjoyed the bedtime, Stary.
What? That's my opinion.
You're a fellow crap.
You were probably behind my back down there.
Boy, here he goes.
In fact, there were a few times I noticed you nodding off.
Oh no, actually that was last week.
That's why George is getting the week off next week.
He's going on a KC.
We don't play those games like Defoe used to do, you know?
Every time Defoe takes vacation,
a little vlog in Gully.
Oh, he's in rehab now.
Gully is a...
Yeah.
And of course, then, see, and then be like the boy who cried.
Well, then when Defoe actually had a go to rehab
and get cooled out there with an ankle bracelet,
nobody believed that story.
Remember those days?
Every time in a vacation.
Oh, he's in rehab with his gambling problem.
He's got a billboard, by the way.
Defoe's got a billboard.
Nice billboards for us, Greg.
No.
Not...
Sack of crap.
Storyteller.
Pervericator.
Fricking liar.
Oh, yeah, we're going to billboards.
When he'll come back in a fall, we're going to do this.
Yeah, right.
Since there would be his Jew lawyer,
looks you right in the eye and just lies and lies like a champion.
If they had the lying Olympics,
nobody could touch him with a stick.
But have a nice weekend, Greg.
1241 at 560 WQMD.
Liza Westbulka, your low carb sugar free eggens that had superstore,
has got a spectacular new selection of low carb cookies.
Man, in fact, if you don't want to eat them,
you can just stand around and toss them around.
Fourteen different cookies from three different baker's.
They're all delicious, peanut butter, chocolate chocolate chip.
That sounds really good.
Lemon, coconut, all sugar for your low carb.
Stopped by lights and you can sample these
or any other great product, try before you buy.
I lost four pounds and three days on the eggens.
I'm still the same today because I ate some stuff yesterday.
But four pounds and three days ain't bad.
And just recently, there were all those stories just a couple of days ago.
I think on Monday about eggens,
they're starting to make believers out of everybody
and it brings down your cholesterol and brings down your triglycerides way down.
And it's not the bunch of crap that a lot of people try to poo poo it over the years.
Remember all those poo pooers? Sure.
And be sure to check out their new low carb bread called Sinfully Low Carb Bread.
Spread some of that new La Nuba jam on it
and you've got yourself a great low carb breakfast.
Just jam on it.
And of course, as your official Atkins.Retail Center,
Delights Voice Bokeh Sells Every Atkins Brand Product,
20% Off Every Day.
Today, tomorrow, next, sookas, a week from Tishabov Everyday.
So, lose the weight on Atkins and find a store that sells your all products geared for you.
You're open 10-10 every day in the corner of Glades in 441,
and prestigious Voka.
Call 1-877 Low Carb or check them out of the web if you like it lowcarb.com.
But forget Delights Voice Bokeh is your official Atkins Retail Superstore.
And look, this is 4205 City.
You ain't who ain't you.
Push, push, push, push, the poo!
My religion's better than your religion.
All right.
My religion's better than yours.
My beliefs are what requires you to avoid a lack of fire.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion hair is being retard!
My religion hair is being retard!
My religion hair is being retard!
My religion hair is being retard!
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religions's better than yours.
When we like about the best organizational role we can wear in a dress.
My religion is better than yours!
Why religion better than religion?
Why religion better than religion?
Why religion better than religion?
We have no respect to God.
We have no respect to God.
We have no respect to God.
We have no respect to God.
We have no respect to God.
We have no respect to God.
We have no respect to God.
We have no respect to God.
We have no respect to God.
We have no respect to God.
We have no respect to God.
We have no respect to God.
No respect to God.
Me, God, you know what?
I cannot be punished.
I can only be punished.
I cannot be punished.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We wear ties and white our bikes and gets in there.
Lots of wives, my religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We don't want to use our brains where mind was living,
but my religion is better than yours.
We're pissed off about this, miss a world competition.
Let's go out and kill some people.
Sure. You first.
Walmart was also one of the biggest out-of-state contributors
to Jim Bush's Re-Election campaign.
Somebody reminds us of facts.
Thank you for reminding us that, so we hate him even more now.
Now Rich Pactor is not going to be too happy about this next voice.
That's why you called.
And the factor is still an asshole.
In fact, I hear he's getting his own show on Fox.
It's going to be called the Pactor Factor.
What will it be about?
Sponsored by Max Factor.
It'll be all about you, and the fact that he hates you like poison.
You know, I never get anything wrong with him.
And you're still doing that phony breathing thing.
Why do you still do that?
In fact, Rich suggested to me by a fax a couple of laser voices.
Your Paul Harvey Jr., a real good suggestion.
Have to stop breathing.
That's what he said.
I don't know what he meant by that.
He's not real.
He's not real.
He's not obsessed with me.
I don't know.
I don't know what that's all about.
I think you guys probably had a spat or something.
Because I wouldn't have ended the steam room.
I'm sorry.
That must have been it.
Anyway.
He said he wanted to just snap you on your cute little butt with a towel just once or twice,
and you kept running away.
That buzz thing is halfway over.
So let me ask you, what complexion are you today, sir?
You know what?
I haven't had a carriage use, and I can't tell you how long.
So that pasty nap, you know, when we first met, it was e-mac and folio.
Do you remember those days?
Of course.
And I was on a 60 day carriage use pass.
And you gave me a look, you know, bright orange.
But anyway, look at, you know what I mean?
This is the average amount of tarot top.
I don't want to have anything to do with the chronic that you have now.
I mean, there is a lot.
There's no content.
They're not funny.
Yeah.
So what are you trying to say?
Give me a moment.
Have you been listening all along continuously?
On and off.
You know, to be honest with you, I swap between you and Tony Bruno.
Tony Bruno?
Yeah.
It's you.
Oh, I'm sorry.
And then when he goes off, I'll be off.
On that station with a weak signal?
I get him up here in both of them.
Yeah.
But anyway, now and then once he goes off, I'm with you 100%.
I just don't have the desire to call you.
If you don't think of us.
It's just I don't want to be associated with you.
Yeah.
How many calls you got there?
Absolute assholes.
But 98%.
I mean, you remember Arnold, E.J., E.J., not landing lady.
I know it does that.
I'm that contributed to the show.
This is the fact when Dave Capreda and the bird was still looking so much.
Oh, yeah, but that wasn't on this station.
And of course, don't forget.
Thanks for coming.
Our dear departed friend.
Her night became very good friends.
What is it?
The thanks for calling lady and knew her?
Oh, my God.
I remember her and I have an 15 minute conversation on one of your anniversary shows.
How about that?
She's still alive?
No, she just died a couple weeks ago.
That's why this is to you.
You haven't been listening.
You haven't been listening.
I must admit that.
We're going to put you in the lying Olympics with Greg Reed.
And I'm starting to think you might win it.
Well, anyway, head now to Vegas the whole month of January.
You're going to be out there working.
Excellent.
Okay.
Have a good month.
All right.
Thanks.
Oh, he hasn't been listening.
Thanks for not letting me down.
Traffitty one at five sixty W.D. Q.A.M.
The number one Chinese buffet in the universe is the animal coast.
Go there this weekend and take out.
When did the doubt take out?
Three locations for you.
They're in sunrise.
They were north by me beach and the brand new and in Pemberg Pines.
Start your mouth while we're eating experience with six different soups.
Then sample dozens of succulent entrees.
Like Oriental Serpenturph on the weekends.
And of course New York strip steak made two-year order the way you like it.
At the gourmet center that sizzling Asian grill featuring teriyaki steak, shrimp, chicken, seafood,
even hand-carb primer.
And again, all cooked two-year order the way you love it.
And no crap at the animal coast.
No MSG.
No fatty oils.
In fact, they use only cholesterol for your oils and all the cooking.
And certainly no corn starch.
Just really good healthy stuff.
The number of faith features a full salad bar, a new sushi bar, fresh shrimp cocktail too.
And then we'll coast them as lobster fest is back featuring lobster thermatores and lobster bisque.
One requirement at the animal coast.
You got to try to leave some room for dessert.
Pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh root, even watermelon folks.
It's the perfect ending to a gigantic feast.
Emerald coast now with three locations.
They're in sunrise, Pine Island 44th Street.
Now they're in column, column seven, and just north of 16th year, north by me beach.
And if the intersection just slowed down, at the intersection of flamingo and Pemberg roads and Pemberg Pines.
Emerald coast, except for reservations, take out and delivery available as well.
Call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22.
9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22.
Look for the new Oriental Chicken Salad too this weekend when you take the whole gang in for a gigantic feast at the Emerald coast Chinese buffet.
Five and the local species five cities.
The radius of yours is Q-A-N.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Have a million dollar weekend!
Oh right!
Double Q-A-N!
56!
Here's my story, said by Drew.
About a girl called Stifle Lissou.
Had a bug and ran it around.
Gave it to every guy in town.
Hey!
Hey!
Oh!
Hey!
La, la, la, la!
Oh!
Hey!
Hey!
Oh!
I shouldn't know it from the spot on the land.
I didn't know with the euro-level drip.
I'm part of old always be with you.
So stay away from the stifle Lissou.
Took a close I shouldn't see no signs.
No, the same time I've been on mine.
You got the fact that now I've got you too.
So keep away from the stifle Lissou.
Yeah!
Keep away from that girl.
Hope that the cinema do now.
Keep away from soup.
She likes to sleep around.
Yeah, it did it with my vasset house.
We didn't know it started to come.
Now I'm afraid it's falling off here's the moral of the story
of a guy who knows.
You have a horse where this fungus goes.
I'm scared to move that she ever knew.
I keep away from the stifle Lissou.
Yeah!
I think Rick packed it head-of-point.
He's admitting he's listening to Tony Bruno.
Oh, brother, that's gotta tell you a lot, doesn't it?
He always was kind of a silly person anyway.
12.58, and you know something I'm not gonna have time for my door story.
Oh no, so I'll save it till Monday.
It'll last.
It's certainly nothing that like his time.
You know, it's last forever.
446 votes on that poll.
This TV show too much nudity and indecent material.
This is on the heels, of course, of that horrendous thing they showed Wednesday night.
What that was a call again?
Victoria.
