B.Y.O.
Alright.
Vanhill and B.E.K.U.
Devil Watched his hair or seem to have a care, Kobe.
His name was Kurt.
Now he's pushing up dirt, Kobe.
Vanhill and B.E.K.U.
Wiping drew from his chin, doing heroin, Kobe.
Your varno was hot, and now his Kurt, they ain't got Kobe.
He got high, said goodbye, then he died, Kobe.
He made a million and our never took a shower, Kobe.
He's a number one hit in heaven, Big Mosh Pit, Kobe.
He'll be Elvis the King and say grunge with my thing, Kobe.
So if you're filled with doubt, don't take Kurt's way out, Kobe.
Let's go with the energy.
He got high, said goodbye, then he died, Kobe.
How's he doing? He's still dead.
902 at 560 WDQM, happy Tuesday too.
And leave it to Miguel to come up with a very important piece of information of history.
Today's the third anniversary of Alien washing up on shore.
Oh right.
Let's hear it.
That inspires me to play some Alien vits today.
Why not?
I'm going to have a lot of music today and you can keep it.
What did I tell you?
See how they got Vanhill and pumped in there again?
Told you.
Here he goes.
Yeah, there he goes.
And by the way, there he goes again.
He's off the list.
Then they're off the list.
Because at about 915 last night, about 40-50 phony votes piled in there for Vanhill and you're not full of this old fan.
I'll take that right now.
I've been around the block too many times to let a bunch of dickheads out there mess with our pool.
So Vanhill and his DQ, I say we just take them all the way off the list.
Any arguments with that?
Nope.
No.
We asked yesterday in our second pool, if you missed the second pool, you missed a really good one.
And thanks to the guy who inspired that.
Right now it was his facts.
Here it is.
I work at a music distributor.
We've compiled a top American rock band list.
Let me know if you can cure.
No.
No, we don't can cure, but nevertheless, so we do appreciate you're planning the seed, the idea.
Which means I'm going to be playing a lot of music today.
Oh, tons of it.
Crap loads.
Ricken says it got butt loads.
We got crap loads on this show.
Anyway, here's how it came out.
Taking away Vanhill and with those phony phony, I mean on here, 124 votes got him tied with the doors.
You've got to be schmitten us at least 50 phony votes.
Door is 124.
Aerosmith 114.
Isn't that how we said yesterday?
It really or I said anyway.
That was my choice.
Crap too.
Door is number one.
Aerosmith number two.
That's exactly what I be telling you.
Eagles 91.
Beats boys, which this record distributor was trying to pedal us his list.
Beats boys number one.
And we said, you've got to be kidding us.
I mean, we like the Beats boys.
We always have to do that disclaimer.
But the best American rock band of all time, the Beats boys, you've got to be schmitten us, mister.
No way.
They got 60 votes.
A distant one to a fourth.
Chicago 49, they should have been fourth.
In fact, they should have been third.
And you know something?
Now, who came up with that Chicago?
Was that the Carlos?
Well, somebody called in and...
Ah, see, I'm trying to give you credit for it.
No wonder that old man don't speak to you in a hall.
But somebody called in.
Thanks whoever called in because how could I...
It used to be my favorite group in the world, Chicago.
I love Chicago.
I've got every...
I've got even...
I've got some stuff they never even recorded.
How do you like that?
How much I love them.
But until I went out and earned some of my...
I paid some of my hard earned money out and bought some more CD.
And I had a few days yesterday.
I hadn't heard some of these in so long.
I'd forgotten just how great they are.
Or were.
How is Terry Kath doing, by the way?
Oh no, not another one.
I remember Terry Kath.
He was a fiddling around with the gun,
doing a little Russian-reletting and all of a sudden...
But I'm big.
He's dead too.
A lot of dead performers.
How about the best rock star?
We do that pull someday.
Not somebody who died like from natural causes like Elvis on the tour of the world.
No.
See, but that in a right way that brings John Lennon into the picture.
Right?
Yeah.
Can't get those beetles out of our hair.
We love the beetles, but that's why this pull was so good.
Because it was eliminated all those foreigners.
Chicago 49, Almond Brothers 28,
Nirvana 24.
Well, I Kurt Cobain would be really pissed off with me.
Would he be psychotic or what?
Kiss 21.
Leonard Schitter 21.
I put them both on a par.
I think that's a good match.
Although, I will say Leonard Schitter did better music.
Huh?
I think so.
Then the kiss.
I mean, kiss was mainly like a stage act.
Right.
It was a great show.
Right.
But as far as their music was concerned,
you can kiss it goodbye.
The Ramones 20, that's mostly a sympathy vote.
Because Joey Ramones just croaked here not too long ago.
Competing the hardbrickers 19.
Yeah.
Right out Chili Peckers at 9.
The cars 9 and last.
What did I tell you?
What did I say all morning long?
I was belly aching about who should be in last place.
And who did I say it should be?
Mr. John Bonjoli.
And there he is.
No, the seat not mister.
Not mister.
It's a group.
Let's get back to that again.
It's a group group.
No matter what you call them,
they were in last place with eight votes.
Out of 731.
Most of the votes were real except from about 50 or 60 phonies.
For Van Halen, you got him disqualify.
A little bit of contender, but instead you assholes out there.
Just can't leave well enough alone.
And we forgot to put Grand Funk Railroad on the list.
Whose fault is that?
That must be Erick's oversight.
Must have been.
Are you sure it's hell?
I'll tell you right now.
Are you sure it's hell beat the crap out of a lot of groups in that list.
Bonjoli.
Cars.
I would thought the cars would done a little better wouldn't you?
Not really, no.
Right out Chili Peckers.
Grand Funk's better name, Tom Pettia.
I would say they'd be like it about the middle of the pack,
right above the almond brothers, and they're middle of their big hit.
The only reason I even liked that song is because it was in the exorcist,
Ramblin' Man.
It's a good song.
But that's the only reason I just can't get it out of my mind,
because it was in that great scene in the exorcist.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot you, Spix probably wouldn't allow to see that.
We thought later in life.
Yeah. You good Catholic shot there.
You're not allowed to go see him.
A blasphemous movie like that.
But I did love that scene in the bar where he says,
I'm beginning to have doubts, and they're playing in the background,
and they're playing the thing.
That's the moral Christ compel you.
They're playing that too.
They're playing Ramblin' Man in the background by the almond brothers.
So there's the results yesterday.
It's pulled the doors win.
Oh.
And Aerosmith's second.
That was justice.
I have to commend this audience for a magnificent taste.
And of course a lot of the punks out there are going to say,
well, who the hell are those who are that?
I don't know. We're going to play it all day today.
Aren't we?
Oh, a caller came up with a good one, I think.
Who's that?
A Queen is clear, why are we viable?
No! No!
Pity, Pity, Pity, Pity, Pity.
CBR, you don't understand.
You don't get it.
So you're a punk, you've been around long enough to go back to my Zaytadays
when that was PD Boulder's favorite with CCR,
and when he was making up the playlist,
that's all they played on that freaking station.
Every other song was CCR.
Roland, Roland, I just knocked about 10 CDs flying here.
I hate CCR, they make me want a barf.
We can't blame them for people.
I hate them.
Their music all sounds the same.
It's ponderous, it sucks.
It sucks.
It's six.
Six?
Six.
How come Stix ain't on the list?
Uh, huh?
It's a good band.
Genesis?
They should have been on there.
Well, we don't like midgets, okay?
Do you have an idea, British?
If they are, go Collins is British?
Yeah, how British can you get?
Yeah, that's right.
Well, they've been hanging around here so long.
So the doors win, Aerosmith is a tight second,
Eagles and the Beach Boys in Chicago,
and so we're going to be playing there.
Those groups all day today.
All music all day.
Just like the great old days on QAM.
Let's hear it in fact.
You know something, this might be the beginning of a new format.
QAM Retro.
Let's go back to those old and golden days.
Why not?
I'm in the first time, Rob.
A class action lawsuit has been filed against
Holland American cruise line seeking damages
on behalf of more than 500 passengers and crew members,
who were sickened by the Norwalk virus on four recent Caribbean cruises,
aboard Holland ship the Amsterdam.
The complete file yesterday in Seattle
where the company's headquartered ledges that Holland American knew
or should have known that its passengers could be infected
with the highly contagious virus by not taking the ocean liner out of service
while sanitizing the ship and eliminating the prospect of sickening more people.
Sickening.
Probably they were eating french fries with mayonnaise.
Do you know that pulp fishing was not again the other night?
I watched about two minutes of it because I just,
I just happened to come across the scene where there were no car and he's talking at cramp.
With a passenger?
Yeah.
With the price.
Oh, I hate that.
It's so stupid.
Hundreds of passengers and crew members took care of the virus on four consecutive
sailings of the Amsterdam October November after 68 people became older in the last
sailing, how did American飛ship out of service last week?
It is doctored port Everglades near Fort Lauderdale for at least 10
days while company officials consult with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
and scour the ship from STEM to Stern.
According to the lawsuit filed by California-based law firm Norton and Nudnic,
two of the passengers of Croft virus on the Amsterdam's last cruise were Ralph
and Ursula Donnelly of Grass Valley, California.
Wait till you hear this.
Ralph Donnelly was taken off the Amsterdam when it stopped in Kurosawa and suffered a
burst blood vessel in his esophagus requiring a blood transfusion according to an
attorney with law firm.
The same firm as filed a class action suit complaint against Holland America over cruise
last July aboard another ship, Windom, during which at least a hundred people contracted the
Northwark virus while traveling to Alaska.
Let's play Northwark Alaska by Johnny Horde, what do you say?
No.
Oh.
He's dead. He's still dead too.
You know Johnny Horton?
No.
You guys don't know Johnny Horton from Tim Horton.
Hey, man.
Very sad.
Very sad. All these punks that we got around to think they know something about music.
North to Alaska by Johnny Horton, you never heard of that? The Battle of New Orleans?
Yeah, right.
The Battle of New Orleans.
Yeah, right.
And out of here, you wouldn't know Johnny Horton like I said from your mama.
So anyway, we're going to play a lot of music today.
Here's our poll question today, which has nothing to do with the content of the show,
which is good. I like that.
Let's have kind of like an aside here.
Based on what you know, which country should the US be attacking now?
Iraq, Saudi Arabia, North Korea, Iran, Pakistan, none, any attack will lead to total chaos,
or Canada for calling W.A. Moron.
At least that'd be easy pickings anyway.
Based on what you know, which country should the US be attacking now?
Iraq, Saudi Arabia, North Korea,
Iran, Pakistan, none, any attack will lead to total chaos,
or Canada for calling W.A. Moron.
They're still talking about that here.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh.
And like they said on that awful, what's that name of that show?
Where all those broads sit around in the Babel?
The view?
No, no, no.
Yeah, the view, that's it.
I think you said the view.
Speak English, would you please?
Yeah, the view.
The view, a couple of the broads on the there, they were saying,
what's the big deal with this?
Millions of Americans call them a Moron every day,
so what's the big deal?
What's the novelty?
Good point.
913 at 560 W.A. Moron.
Thanksgiving is coming in a couple of days.
Everybody's going to be flocking the home to be together again.
Gathered around the table with delicious homemade food
and family traditions after all, it's not the turkey that makes the meal special.
It's the people.
That's what they say on that could be stressful, especially if they're staying overnight.
If you're having a house full for Thanksgiving,
let Dilemma Christmas make your holiday preparations a little bit easier.
Now's the time to call 1-800-Mattress and get that new mattress in before the house gets get there.
If the everybody told you that they're coming,
or even if you don't hear from them till tomorrow night,
Dilemma Christmas can still deliver you a top quality ceiling,
serve as Simmons or King Crowell mattress, the same day you call them.
How do you like that?
I've been sleeping on a Dilemma Christmas for a coons age,
even Miguel asleep on one and do all kinds of obscene things on it,
and loves it.
So call them now at 1-800-Mattress and talk turkey
with the bedding consultant's tooth and the very best mattresses
and even better prices.
I bet you got yours for free, huh?
Something like that?
Yeah, I didn't.
You can rest easy this Thanksgiving knowing that everybody's sleeping like a baby.
So get ready for the holidays now by calling 1-800-Mattress, do it right away,
and tell them that old Neil and Miguel and Fatboy told him to call 1-800-Mattress,
and ATTRES for Dilemma-Cris, brand name bed, same day service,
call them now be sleeping like a baby tonight.
My, and look all, this is 4-205-City, way to A-S.
Double-U-U-I-L, Channel 56, 56, 56, 56, and ZZ-U-R-E-M-Burr.
How did we leave R-E-M off the group?
What are my very favorites off the list?
Yeah, it's a good one.
I'll blame you guys for that.
That's because Miguel was on, and not pushing up from a girl.
I like R-E-M.
He gets very upset over Michael's stuff, like, mintsin' around.
They should have been on that list.
I'm really pissed now.
E-L-O somebody suggests they're not the American.
Are they?
I don't think so.
No, they're not.
Can we Lewis and the news?
Oh!
Oh!
Can we Lewis and the nudes?
But R-E-M being off that list is sack religious.
Maybe we'll do it all over again.
Sure.
And then this is a fact, I'll get to this fact after the break,
because this one deserves a little bit of attention.
This guy, it's very...
These people get all pissed off.
It's outflowed before, you know?
Something is innocuous as, you know, it's subjective.
What do you like?
You like chocolate ice cream?
Carlos don't like it.
You like blueberry, you like vanilla, whatever you like.
Same thing with music.
Not according to some of you people out there like this fact.
It's Stix, he says.
Stix is like, you know, syrup.
You know, Stix was okay.
You put them in a category with these groups?
They're a golfstream band, though.
Exactly.
We'll get you a Puckett Union gap.
How come they weren't on there?
927 at 560 WQM.
Here's something that we can all agree on.
That's Oliomed is great stuff.
Just pop it in your purse, and you get healthier by the second.
Oliomed Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical radolivol,
combined with vitamins, minerals, herbals, other nutrients scientifically designed,
to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs.
Look for Oliomed's three new formulas, one to help you sleep,
one to help you control your weight, and coque you tend for your heart.
I'll be using the benefits of the purest olive oil you'll find anywhere.
Oliomed's a great new product for you, and if you want to pick some up,
you can do it right now all over town, at your nearest public store,
Eckerds or Walgreens.
If you want to get more information, just call them tool free,
and they'll explain it to you.
Call 1-866-Oliomed.
That's 1-866-653633.
You can also order their products online at oliomedamerica.com.
And please don't forget, this is one of the most important messages in the history of the human race.
If you visit your nearest publics and purchase an Oliomed product and data browser,
or you can get a coupon for a free Larry Coker Bobblehead doll,
while supplies last.
Don't forget to visit their sampling committee at sports center,
every Sunday with an offensive plane home games too.
Pick up some free Oliomed samples and product information,
and for better health, start popping some Oliomed in your push today.
Find a local of this, this is 560,
there are news on your town, Q&M.
Find a local of this, this is 560,
there are news on your town, Q&M.
Von McGilgen Zone's father of Iliomed meets with his attorney in preparation to take his son back to Cuba.
Well Mr. Gonzales, how was your trip?
Very good, thank you.
Do you have any questions before we go any further?
CCC, this box with the pictures, it's incredible, what is this?
Oh, that's a television.
Oh, tell me, Mr. Loya, what does...
What does that mean?
Apart on me?
What does...
Well, it means what's up, like what's going on?
What does...
Right, it's a greeting.
What does...
Now I know that you're uncomfortable being here,
this is a very difficult time for you soon.
What is it?
Oh, this pizza hut, stuffed crust, pizza, it's incredible!
How do they get the mozzarella cheese into the crust?
I'm not sure.
So as I was saying...
What's up?
Yeah, as I was saying, we will try to make your stay here as comfortable as possible
and get your home as quickly as possible.
Bye, bye, bye!
Are you going somewhere, sir?
No, I'm listening to the new CD by the boy band InSync with my new Sony disc man, it's incredible!
Yes, Mr. Gonzalez, they are quite incredible, but we'll be meeting with the...
Just another play in your game for two, you must take me, but eat no lie!
Bye, bye, bye!
Oh, God, sir, don't you want to get this over and get back to Cuba?
What do you loco?
I love it here!
There's like 300 channels on table and I can watch all the Yankee games!
But, sir, Mr. Loya, what is it, Mr. Gonzalez?
Where's that?
932, don't forget today's a big day, go out and party in the streets, go on front of Marys Grisi as his house
and dance around like you got the St. Vitas dance in your pants because it's the third anniversary of Alien washing up on shore!
Oh!
And luckily for him, he's back to Cuba and ain't getting poisoned with those happy meals every day.
Wouldn't be something if they had to come back here and file a lawsuit against McDonald's before causing ill-health or stunning his growth or something like that.
A substitute kindergarten teacher in the Beaver, in the Beaver local schools has been, this is an Ohio course, has been fired for making photos of her pupils to imprison the pedophile husband.
She's been mailing them.
A official said, a mirrorless Van Allen was dismissed on Friday after it was learned she had included photos of her class and let her to her husband, John, who served time out four counts of rape involving boys under the age of 13.
John Van Allen has been in the Chilacoffee Correction Institute since 87 serving a sentence of seven to 25 years.
While she ain't working in the Beaver schools no more, I'll tell you that.
No more.
What, she was fast at him up?
No, she was just trying to keep him happy.
Oh, I see.
Anyway, this asshole with his facts about the sticks, okay, best American, and then you notice the historian, this facts, the anger you can see, you can actually see the anger on the page.
You could see it in the writing, yeah.
Yeah.
Best American rock band sticks.
Best British fell by the way, E L O R from Birmingham, England.
Best British brand, yes.
No.
Yes, he said no.
No.
In addition to which we're not doing British bands anyway, we said best American band, trouble maker, you idiot.
He says, you are all clueless pucks, because we don't agree with him.
We're clueless, but we're clueless because we didn't put R E M on there, which is disgrace.
And you know who else we didn't put on there?
Who?
Well, we could have put 50 million of them on there.
I think we had a pretty good group, but this other facts is right.
Are you a speed wagon?
I don't agree with that, but the four seasons.
Yeah.
What do you know about the four seasons?
You would know Frankie Valley from June Valley, okay?
I used to be a very, very avid magick listener.
You would know Frankie Valley from the big valley with that Dyke Barber Sandwick.
Used to be a what?
A very avid magick listener.
Like I said, what do you know about music then?
Yeah, good point.
And it fits right in with this fact that's perfect.
Why did you have no idea how that happened?
Yeah, that's right.
Because the fact says, funny, you mentioned WDQM going back to playing oldies in a new format,
starting on Thanksgiving at 6 p.m.
You'll be getting a new neighbor, WJNA starts an all new oldies format on 6.40 a.m.
Oh, whoo!
Are you getting scared yet?
Oh, yeah, we're clapping our pants.
It says, I hope, tell magick is because they suck now they can go out and buy 100 more records.
They probably got more records here than they got in their whole collection of magick
because their playlist is about the same 50 crappy songs.
Anyway, it says, this Frankie Valley in a four seasons count they belong on any list for great American groups.
Absolutely correct.
They should have been on here.
We'll have to do this again this someday, okay?
Like tomorrow.
But we'll have to do it again in a few weeks, few months.
Don't let me forget.
All right.
Well, I mean, next time we do it, let's do it right.
Let's not do it half fast like we did yesterday.
Now, this call that's been on here in Boker, like I'm taking calls today.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
You should have been on there a long time.
Yeah, well, you know, I wanted to talk about this FBI agent.
I mean, I'm par by our judicial system.
Why, are you surprised?
Actually, I am.
I just cannot believe that this went down the way it did.
I don't get it.
Anybody, anybody who missed this story, SFBI agent, convicted of lesser charges for wrong-weight crash,
and he's going to get, well, maybe he'll just get a slap on her wrist.
He was facing up to 30 years for the wreck that killed those two kids.
And instead, now, he got the lesser charge, and he could face up to six years,
but they might just get a slap on her wrist.
Well, they're going to fold six misdemeanors into one DUI conviction.
And, you know, he's going to basically get what, you know, you get if you get a DUI.
Yeah.
Two people are dead.
I just don't understand it.
This grace.
Typical.
The only other thing I wanted to add, this is not a direct response to your poll,
so don't get angry at me.
But there's one thing you left, there's a country you left off, kind of a joke.
I want to wait until the bushes go home for Thanksgiving and attack Texas.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
Okay, that was pretty good.
Let's see, based on what you know, which country should the US be attacking now
is our poll questioner, Andy O'Rodgers, that comments on there.
54 votes.
Iraq 15, none.
Any attack will lead to total chaos 14.
The United Brotherhood of Carpagers and joiners.
We're out of here.
Saudi Moron, Saudi Arabia 12, Canada for calling W and Moron 7.
They're pretty upset about that, eh?
North Korea 3, Pakistan 2, and Iran as fast as I can.
Iran 1.
That's what we got so far.
So we got Iraq on top, but not by too much.
That's could be pretty tight.
Oh, wait, did you hear this back?
Leaving REM off list was a bit of a mistake.
It was a big mistake, but putting Van Halen, don't blame me for Van Halen.
And Aero Smith on list was more of a mistake.
No way.
Aero Smith does commercials and sings at half time of football games with boy bands and Britney Spears.
What does that have to do with how good their music is?
Nothing.
I mean, talk about how schmuck Van Halen has been any good for 15 years.
I'm not going to suggest putting a van like Metallica on list would have given him more integrity.
Metallica, my ass.
It just sucks how badly the Brits kick our ass when it comes to rock bands.
Beatles Rolling Stones, the who led Zeppelin, ELO.
Also, you should have replaced the cars with guns and roses.
We talked about guns and roses yesterday and we've for about two seconds.
Yep.
And we also talked about the what was the other one we left off?
The lot.
No way we did.
It was incomplete.
Okay, so we can't be perfect, which leads to the open for next time.
There's a method to our madness.
Do you believe us?
No.
While we made it up.
Oh, Grand Funk Railroad.
That's right.
They should have been on there.
They sure as hell beat the crap out like Bon Jovi by a mile.
Man, with our list.
Can we?
Huh?
It was in our list.
Whose list was it?
The music guys.
Oh, that's right.
It was his list.
You're right.
Well, what?
And Miguel redeemed himself after yesterday's macho behavior.
Oh, that's right.
We put the list on there.
We added a couple to it.
I mean, we should have put some of these other ones on it.
Like, for example, he didn't even have Chicago on his list at all.
And that dialogue parts one and two that I played a little earlier.
If that isn't the greatest song that was ever recorded, then my name is Mud.
Okay?
Hi Mud.
Just call me Roger Mud.
You're full of crap.
You wouldn't know a good song if they started.
All you know is Alien.
In fact, Miguel wanted to put the Alien song on there.
Idiot.
Man, what a professional.
Not a professional spec, a professional Cuban.
That's all he knows.
He was born in Chicago.
What a joke.
In fact, he should like Chicago.
I do.
I know.
So you were born.
Wouldn't you spend about five minutes there?
Nine years, ten years.
Nine or ten years.
You wouldn't know.
And how often you've been back?
Twice.
Twice.
All these years, he's been back there twice.
To one of America's truly great cities.
They probably don't want your country.
The best anyway.
Nine.
What is it?
One of the best cities.
It's a beautiful town.
Yeah, let's take that pool tomorrow to make Miguel happy.
What's the best city in America that Miguel's never been to?
How about Cheeto Aguina-York?
It's right down the road here.
I can almost see it now.
Hey, how about Cheeto Aguina-York?
One thing I can't see.
And that's all the hair that's fallen out of my head over the years.
A whole lot of it.
But you can make a rug out of the hair that I've lost.
And I'm looking at Mike Love on a picture of the Beach Boys album on the cover.
This is when these guys were young and his hair was fallen out in clumps.
Because God works in mysterious ways.
He likes to make you guys bold.
But get back at him.
Say, ah, here you go, Lord.
Charles Alfiehary, he's the hair god.
And he'll get your hair back no matter what else going on.
Because he's got that natural hairline system, the best in the universe,
and 100% undetectable.
Nobody, for example, if you're walking down the street, no stranger would see you for the first time.
I know it wasn't your real hair.
And even people who do know you will say, gee, I wonder where that hair came from.
It looks like it's going out of your scalp.
So call today.
Mike yesterday when we're doing that people magazine list with a hot-looking guys.
And Miguel's like, just cowering.
I got reports that you were like crawling out of the counter there yesterday.
You're so worried about your macho rating falling down a couple of notches.
What a plus.
Can't have that.
You can't have that.
Goes out on those appearances in the QA and Van Frollo sports things, man.
We got to keep that macho level up there.
Oh!
Yeah.
What a schmuck.
But anyway, just goes to show you folks.
Just because somebody looks good, don't mean they got any clue at all.
And there's the poster child for that right there.
9.56.
I'm enjoying this, of course.
Some people in the audience, because no matter what you do, all you play in music,
it's too bad it's on a crappy AM signal like this with that scratchy sound up.
It's too bad we did not on FM or at least had that digital radio that little Tommy Jikersor said it about.
It's still at least a couple of years away.
Right?
What a shame.
Because I can only imagine how this stuff sounds like.
Like that.
And one thing about crying that I just played by Eros Mim and the level on that song.
I had to pot almost in the Q in a matter of how far you turn it down.
It keeps coming back.
You know, like you're not going to turn me down.
We're going to try it over here, baby.
It is loud.
Okay.
9.56.
Anybody in Steve Tyler has to stand over our dead bodies on his show?
Okay.
We love Eros Mim.
Also love REM, but you know about them.
Well, new balance is done it again.
Just as that big Thanksgiving meal is going to make you sit down and relax.
New balance is out for once you up on your feet to head in for the big after Thanksgiving sale.
This is absolutely the time to talk to Turkey.
New balance.
They've been putting thousands of people to the most comfortable shoes they ever felt, including me.
And now it's your turn.
And you notice I haven't fallen down once yet this time around.
Yeah.
It's because I got my great new balance walking shoes.
Instead like those of Valorina slippers I used to wear.
The good folks.
This is a long spot.
I don't have time for you like interjecting.
This is a five minute spot.
And the good folks at New Balance are going to help you with 15% off their repair stock plus up to 50% off selected styles.
What does that mean to you?
I'm glad you have savings.
New balance is stuffing you with savings and audio athletic and what we're needs like shoes for cross training,
running walking, cross dressing, lifting weights.
New balance wants you to gobble up shoes for any of your weekend warrior activities.
Make the pilgrimage to New Balance for the big after Thanksgiving sale with 15% off style sizes and widths of shoes that you just have to shop for when catalogs are by mail order.
New balance is your one stop shop.
They'll leave in special order for you in the extra charge.
New balance has got sizes from infant all the way up to size 20.
So there are no excuses to keep you away from the big after Thanksgiving sale.
And you can get all the trimming tool like New Balance Athletics Shirts shoes.
What is it? Shirts.
Got that?
And all styles of athletic socks too.
You can find new balance in the adventure of mall, Pinecrest, Volkertown Center.
And their newest location in Palm Beach Gardens will be opening in December just in time for Xmas.
15 to 50% off other stores are turkeys compared to the price service and selection you'll always find at New Balance of Florida.
New Balance Athletics Shirts.
This is 20 or 5 seconds.
You way up.
Beyond God.
Can you believe what those hot bookies in my aviars smart?
They changed the name to Alien Heart.
What the chase is now?
Yeah, we'll see what's fine art.
That's where the fuck's art is different.
I'd tell fun, laugh a roll, wait until you see the human chain.
In giant water, right where you'd grab a drooper wrap.
That take a blow pin up to a democracy.
Now, back south of Utah, down under water, the drownin' back around.
To look a rough little down, if the biggest parking bit ever seen.
Now, Tiffle nature, all the toilets are clean.
Those hiding out of the graph, like a big shot me and saw it.
And then a barge your car, it's all about how important you feel with the rest.
That's the cause it is, it's no big deal for a thousand trip fun.
Go down to Alien Heart.
There's Iron Beer from the road coach dance.
And rockin' music by La Van Van, while a station's France dance.
Eighteen third of the dance, under a coffee flag.
At least for others when they cry, they play in fact huge.
They play by yummy blood and it's too big.
That's for me toilet that sucks.
Take down Colleen Leon Heart.
Oh, it ain't the young heart.
Oh, it ain't the young heart.
Oh, it ain't the young heart.
And I'll come to try our kids to eat the young heart.
That's enough.
It's a ten, how about just this, this crap.
Kill some good time though.
Anyway, ten, oh two, it's five, sixty, WQM, happy Tuesday to you.
And this is the holidays, you know, playing a little bit of music, right?
Do something different on a holiday, it's like Thursday.
I heard there toward the end of the unmentionable one show this morning that he was going to be reading the entire schedule tomorrow for Thursday.
That means he's going to have to mention the beast by name, I guess.
Oh, maybe that's why he's waiting to the tomorrow to build up the courage to do that.
Thursday we got a special schedule because everybody of course is off on Thursday for the holiday.
Isn't that nice?
Yeah, that's nice.
Now who is that?
Who's that?
Oh, Dave Hagen.
Hagen, Curtis and Vlad are doing the morning show, six to nine.
That's an interesting combination in it.
Yeah, it's your is.
That should be a hoot.
I think I'm going to get a early listen to that.
No.
Not.
And then on our show, the beast is going to be filling in.
I am the beast.
He's going to be filling in, he's going to bring his bomb, have a great time.
What's wrong with having a bomb on Thanksgiving, huh?
Build up a nice appetite for dinner.
I love eating nuts.
Then from one to five, it's the big who's always around when we have nobody else to put on.
That's one good thing about him.
He's a good guy.
He doesn't belong on here just to say hello or goodbye.
But the big always there to kill some good time.
And he does a hell of a job of it too.
And then from five in the afternoon until six Friday morning, we got ESPN radio.
I thought we had football games or something.
What mufflers tell me a few days ago when we were talking about this schedule?
I thought we had football or something on Thanksgiving day, no?
A lot of ESPN radio.
No.
It is?
Probably.
No.
We don't have any football.
Well, let's get the paper to the game.
The paper to have the paper to play in Detroit on Thanksgiving Day.
I noticed the newspapers yesterday.
It's really amazing how nobody wants to give any credit to this team.
It's just astonishing, especially on this station, okay?
No credit.
It's called jealousy because somebody won a Super Bowl last year and some other team I know has won a Super Bowl nearly 30 years.
But at any rate,
it said that all the papers only have three days to get ready for the game on Thursday against the Lions.
Of course, the Lions also played and lost on Sunday to Chicago.
And they also have only three days to get ready.
They beat Chicago.
I think you're pardoned?
They beat Chicago.
No.
Yeah.
I thought they lost 17 to 10.
No.
The Lions beat the Bears?
And over time.
Get out of here.
Yeah.
Stupid call by the coach.
I didn't see that.
Well, whatever.
It makes no difference.
That's irrelevant.
I thought that they lost that game 17 to 10.
I would have sworn that.
Okay.
Well, what does that have to do with the price of peanuts to the point being you're just that's not another diversionary tactic.
The fact of the matter is they also have only three days.
So what's the difference?
Why is it such a big story that the papiates only have three days to get ready?
Let's play get ready by the impressions.
We got it.
No.
Now, here's another good point.
What about Jefferson Airplane Starship?
Somebody asked.
Another one should have been on the list.
And let me ask you.
Is Gray Slick?
I'm just getting a.
I'm just going to hold what you're called saying that you are right that the Bears did beat the choice.
I don't know.
What is this man talking about?
You know, one thing about having Miguel on this week is perfect.
Nobody else I know is perfect.
But everything this man says is crap.
I mean, I've never seen anybody better than a thousand.
Even Ty Cobb couldn't come close.
I thought the final squad at game was the bear 17, the bears and the lions 10.
And now you're telling me, huh?
Somebody just said that it was the bears 20 and the lion 17.
Well, whatever.
I thought the bears won a game.
Yep.
I'm sure that they beat the lions.
The lions couldn't want to fix the game.
Okay, Miguel.
You better get with it, Mr.
because you're just, oh, brother.
I think I think the earlier the pressure from the alien anniversary has gotten to him.
Here's our pool.
Are you ready to admit you were wrong?
No.
Okay.
Based on what you know, which country should the US be attacking now?
None.
Any attack will lead to total chaos.
51 of you said that.
Got 151 votes on there.
Saudi Arabia 39 is what you folks say.
Oh, right.
That's first on our list.
There even above RIM and what was the other one?
Are you a speed wagon?
Iraq 32 Canada for calling W.A.
Moron 17 North Korea 7.
That's NORF North Korea 7 Pakistan 3 and Iran 2.
I'm going to disappoint the Pakistan into a little better.
If we're doing just a little bit better, I'd play that bit again, although I played almost every day.
Until we blow up Pakistan.
That's one of my very favorite bits.
Put Israel on your pool.
How do you leave it off to some fact?
I've already suggested that.
Solve a lot of problems.
Let's see, two different cruise lines, two weeks, same home ports, same pathogen, what a coincidence.
It says, good thing this is only a stomach virus and not something hardly lethal and contagious like, say smallpox says this fact.
Like smallpox.
Then you'd have to quarantine the entire ship where the passenger has died.
And then burn the bodies, then dismantle the ship, burn the pieces and melt the metal down for scrap.
You have good thing it was just a stomach virus.
Good point.
What effects are coming hot and heavy?
Let's see, old people rule says this one woman 87 dies from November 15 injuries.
A bokeh woman died Friday from injuries suffered.
In a November 15 accident,
had he come 87 was a passenger in a vehicle involved in a collision at the intersection of Palm Vista and US 441.
She died from her injuries Friday morning at Delay Medical Center, the driver of the car, Selma Ettenberg 100 was seriously injured.
100.
Police said Ettenberg was attempting any legal use turn when her vehicle was struck by a car driven by Irving Zulkin 77 of bokeh.
Zulkin was not injured, police said.
Anyone who witnessed the accident has to call a Palm Vista County Sheriff's Office.
How do you like that?
You got three people involved one way or another here, one of them who's dead now, 77, 87 and 100.
I arrest my case and after a funeral parlor, folks, that's outflow to for you, where the average the median age is death plus five.
Here's a call from West Palm Beach. Hello.
Hey, man. Good morning.
Yes sir, when is this?
I went and talked to you about that.
You used to talk to you a couple of months ago about the diet bills and all that.
How about the way?
About the pharmaceutical companies and how they're killing Americans.
Yeah.
What are the new book called Death by Diet and it shows that all the pharmaceutical companies are more interested in making money than anything else.
And it talks about the active diet.
It talks about a lot of diets and how, and why remains is leading the country leading the world upside.
And that's why health issues, when anybody else eats whenever they want don't bear it from it.
Yeah.
And it's just shocking and all of it.
It goes back to the thing that the act inside is a real good thing and a couple other diets and our, the doctors and the AMA have already been so backwards.
It's crazy, the police.
What's the name of the book?
It's called Death by Diet.
Okay.
Take it out of you.
You'll be interested.
I'll go out and get it right after the show.
Thanks.
Death by Diet.
We're dying over here.
Because they're killing us and the public sits back.
Well, a little bit like that because you're all brainwashed and see all the commercials and all of this great and it's fast and it's convenient and they're killing you.
They're killing you with poisons with crap.
They're killing the old people with all these prescription drugs.
They're just loading them up and you'll notice now something that in the last couple of years this new phenomenon.
Every magazine you buy, every TV channel you watch within the first few pages of the first few minutes of your watching.
Here come all these ads for Zochor and this drug and Mevakor and all of this other crap.
These statin drugs by the way that the peddling are going to kill a lot of people too if they haven't already.
There's that speaking of horrors.
There's that Dan Reeves on there peddling at Zochor.
Have you ever seen those spots?
I'm sure you have.
Yeah.
Everybody, every four minutes he's on there again.
I'm still alive.
Must be pretty good stuff.
Just stick to your football Dan.
Okay.
Leave the drugs to everybody else like South Florida.
We know our drugs in South Florida, including some legal ones too.
Just leave it to what's your name?
The Bush show daughter.
No, well, it's almost time for the first no well.
Isn't that almost Christmas time?
And you know what you need on the first no well, don't you some good drugs?
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, they were playing a lot of music today.
But we got the Eagles, the Chicago, the doors, the Beach Boys and Errol Smith.
That's what I'm playing.
And Nirvana just to make Joe Castello happy.
Oh, he's probably sleeping.
What was he bitchy bitching about again?
Who do we leave off?
Oh, wow, I forgot.
Whatever the hell it was.
He's got a he's got a complaint every day now.
I noticed a step Miller band.
Oh, Steve Miller band.
Get out of here.
Crazy.
The greatest American rock band.
The Steve Miller freaking band.
I mean, they were okay.
Yeah, they were all right.
That would be like saying Bill Haley in a comments was the best American band of all time
because they were like, you know, a long time ago.
They were the first.
They were the rest of them.
Right.
Anybody agree that Bill Haley in the comments were the, oh, no.
How the crap is that?
Yeah, since his wedding date has started to approach real fast, you know, he's always like
on edge.
He's just not the same old Joe that we used to know and love.
Now he's like almost gotten a hostile.
He would tell me yesterday he was complaining about something.
He's hanging out with Mark too much.
He's saying what?
He's been hanging out with Mark too much.
Oh, is that it is Mark a sour guy?
Got a little temper.
Does he really?
He looks kind of like, he looks a little sour, you know, maybe too many of those sour deals.
59 people say don't attack anybody.
It'll lead to total chaos.
We'll have mass lunacy in the world.
I think they may have a point too.
Saudi Arabia 49, Iraq 38.
Who should we attack?
How about an Iraq attack 38?
Canada for calling WMORON.
22.
North Korea 7 Pakistan still only 3 in Iran as they got only 2.
And now everybody who votes we're going to make you show us where those companies are in the
map.
Uh-oh.
I think I saved that story.
Did you hear that story that day?
Yeah, I heard it.
Oh, unbelievable.
What do you say an unbelievable?
You're telling me that the goddamn lions beat the bears and you're telling me to run?
I read it wrong yesterday.
Sorry.
Now you were born in Chicago.
Could you fight it on the map?
What state is that?
Oh, man.
Oh, brother.
Anybody need any good drugs?
Call up Miguel because he might his ship and must have come in.
1013.
That was a choice.
That was a keeper, Carlos.
I'll tell you, keeper.
Tom Lehman at Halib Pondiac.
Tom's been around the block a few times down here at Halib.
They've been in that same location for 35 years.
Treating people great, which is why they're still in business.
In fact, Halib Pondiac and GMC are proud to announce the great Neil Rogers, Neil Deal,
zero percent sale going on right now.
Yes, with the proof credit from GMAC, you can get zero down payment and zero percent financing
at all 2002 and 2003's Pondiac and GMC models plus zero payments for 90 days or take
your rebate if you like, up to five grand.
And as always, at Halib, zero hassles.
Don't forget to mention you heard about the Neil Deal and save even more.
Check out the complete line of those big gas guzzlers.
Maybe they love them down there.
GMC SUVs, including the Envoy and the Pondiac vibe.
Envoy was voted by Motor Trends SUV the year in the Vive, and has got the power of a big
gas guzzling sports car.
You'll love it.
You can almost smell the gas just pouring out of it.
Halib's also got a great selection of dependable used cars, trucks, and SUVs.
And as far as credit is concerned, if you got the best credit in the world or the worst,
or somewhere in between, makes no difference because they'll cut you the other
car.
That would be much more robust
than the one chip.
HOW WILL WAN YOU RIDE YOUR GISS Fundamental
DIGER NIC These days, even though they are when goes lunchtime, they're very competitive.
81 36 parcel for 40 pounds $2 million PER IN Vallmma $2 million Per kilo.
Esta canada 20 the last
oh
the
You're all yours.
You're all yours.
You're all yours.
You're all yours.
You're all yours.
You're all yours.
You're all yours.
You're all yours.
You're all yours.
You're all yours.
You're all yours.
You're all yours.
You're all yours.
You're all yours.
You're all yours.
You're all yours.
You're all yours.
You're all yours.
You're all yours.
You're all yours.
And the cube is for the day.
Here we are.
Here we are.
Here we are.
Visit Disney.
It says it wants to stay.
See it a minute, and then you'll be able to see me.
As the cube is, climb the road away.
Any eggs or sugars, and then the bones, you get their way.
When the hell's said to serve them back, and the hearts become,
we want it all to go away today.
Here we are.
And we're tied up any own.
And we're tied up chopping jams.
And we're tied up for this crowd.
We just want to live on last.
And we're tied up really old.
And we're tied up rooted.
We should send him back.
Yeah.
He goes here to water.
And the road takes a long.
And another chance for publicity.
Follow who they owe.
Should my am in town.
All right.
Here we are.
Wants to live when we're making.
And leaving cube up far behind.
And showing him what gifts and stars.
While my am in, my am is slowly dying.
Any eggs or sugars, and then the bones, you get their way.
When the hell's said to serve them back, and the hearts become,
we want it all to go away today.
And we're tied up any own.
And we're tied up chopping jams.
And we're tied up for this crowd.
We just want to live on last.
And we're tied up really old.
And we're tied up rooted.
We should send him back.
And we're tied up any own.
And we're tied up chopping jams.
And we're tied up for this crowd.
We just want to live on last.
And we're tied up really old.
And we're tied up rooted.
There's always one guy to kept on you.
It's much to do about nothing, man.
And I'm thinking back on all of that crap.
I don't think in the history of this country has more been made
out of something as meaningless as was made out of that.
The whole world was like fixated.
Everybody was up in a führer if I can use that term.
Psychotic over a child custody case that's all it was.
Much to do about nothing.
Protest.
And every other block.
Oh, brother.
Protest.
Yep.
Burning tires.
Psychosis.
Historia.
All of Miguel's people out there carrying on like the world was coming
to an end going like that would say do so well.
Whatever they're orchestrated to do it.
Yeah, just like Ohio State.
I'm the kind of like that.
And it wasn't even any football game.
Because it was in April as I recall.
It was an April three years ago.
Oh, wait a minute.
I don't understand.
How can today be the third anniversary of him washing up on sure
when all of that crap took place in April?
No, I think it was washed up in November.
I remember it being before the end of the year is not.
No, no, no, no.
I'm just saying that in April was when the was the height of the psychosis.
Right.
So that thing went on for months and months and months then.
Good.
Gale Miss Molly.
Speaking of the CEO interrupted me.
I was about to point out that tomorrow's Wednesday and even
no Georgia's on vacation this week tomorrow night will be another treasure island extravaganza.
Now as Miguel, I know Carlos will be there hoping praying to get lucky.
Maybe fat boy might even bump into him.
But Miguel, are you going to be there tomorrow night?
I'll be there.
Really?
I have to.
What do you mean you have to be there?
I thought that you weren't permitted anymore to go to those.
That was all you.
What do you mean that was all me?
That was the story around the building that your lady friend wouldn't allow you to go
to those things I went to ask because she was getting jealous.
I got to work, man.
See I go for free just to hope to get lucky.
Yeah.
I'm not getting involved.
Okay.
All you guys with all your little things got away knows what's going to be going on there.
Except the I agent and now we glossed over this before but this story is so outrageous and so
grotesque that it definitely needs to be rehashed again at least for a couple of minutes.
Except the I agent convicted of lesser charges for wrong way crash.
A former FBI agent was acquitted yesterday of killing two brothers by driving drunk the wrong way down an interstate but was convicted of lesser charges.
David Ferrell was acquitted of the U.I. manslaughter and vehicular homicide but convicted of misdemeanor drunken and reckless driving he faces up to six years in prison and going to happen.
He had faced up to 30 years for the wreck that killed the youth minister Maurice Williams 23 and his half-brother Craig Chambers 19 a college student.
He had no reaction as the birth was read but as attorney later wiped away tears.
The victim's mother cried as the brothers relatives had their hands in arms class.
It's been a long three years Ferrell set outside the court.
In a message to the victims relatives he said hopefully they'll find some peace and comfort my heart and prayers go out to them.
Ferrell faced two charges each of vehicular homicide, the U.I. manslaughter and driving with an unlawful blood alcohol level causing the deaths of Maurice Williams and Craig Chambers.
The crash took place 12.43 in the morning November 23rd 1999.
Boy just as she removes fast on it.
It was on November 22nd 1999 that Williams and Chambers have turned to choir practice while Ferrell and his FBI colleague robbed drinking and watching Monday Night Football at the quarter deck seafood bar neighborhood grill in Davy.
Ferrell left the quarter deck and his dark green Honda headed north to his home and coconut creek.
Williams and Chambers left their mother's home in Lauderdale, headed north to Chambers College in Boka.
One of the two cars turned around on 9.95.
The FHP first blamed the brothers then Ferrell after was learned the brothers were sober while Ferrell's blood alcohol level was 0.14.
The fence lawyer Bruce Udall repeatedly asked Brown and Circuit Judge Mark Gold to move the case to another county because of intense media coverage but the request was denied the trial began on October 16.
The FHP initially reported the brothers were heading the wrong way. The agency reversed its position a month later.
The brothers relatives accused law enforcement of racial discrimination. Ferrell is white. The brothers were black. The family had civil lawsuits pending against the FBI, the FHP and the bar.
And good luck to them in all of them. How do you like that? Well, at least two of the three. We don't want to pick on the quarter deck. Do we? No.
It's one of our fine sponsors, isn't it? So like I said, two out of three ain't bad.
I'm just doing that for your benefit. Let's see. I saw a couple of friends here as yesterday. This is the same guy. This is over and over again today.
They were speeding on the way to somewhere in their convertible red colored Corvette. It was on 9.85 in a car pool lane. They were smoking weed and looking at dirty magazines. I pulled alongside of them and said, need a God.
Then Jesus and Elvis gave the man that's all right. I guess he was thinking. Bob Seeger somebody says Bob Seeger is a group. What was Bob Seeger's group? The silver bullet band? Yeah. But he's not he Bob Seeger isn't a group. No.
I mean, a lot of guys had a band. It's like Elvis and the Jordan airs. You know what I mean? It was Elvis a group. No. Unless it was him and mommy and bed together. You know what's happened? Nobody wants to talk about that.
He slept in the same bed with his mother until he was 20 years old. Maybe that's the way they do it down the South. Yeah. Two pillow. Isn't that where he was from? Two pillow Mississippi? Two pillow? No, it's mine.
I don't know what was supposed Spanish. Did you hear the little one from a girl? Everything with Miguel Valsermann at the esponial man. I don't know if it's for the life of me. Oh look at this. Here's the football highlights. I bet the beers are going to beat the lines again. Probably. Are you finally going to cough up on that? You're going to give up or you're going to continue insisting? You know, I said I read it wrong yesterday.
Schmuck. 27 after 10 at 5. 60. We got to get a lot more music on here. Man, we're starting to slip a little bit. I'm thinking Friday that day after Thanksgiving. I might just play music all day on Friday or the audience. I'll hate that.
I wouldn't. Music and comedy bits all day Friday. It's a concert nearly in years past like a Schmuck. I used to work on Thanksgiving. They don't ask me why. Why? I have no idea. And we play all comedy bits on Thanksgiving. It was kind of a feature of the show that the audience looked forward to. We played the Crepitation Contest. We would do this. We had a lot of time. You know.
But I don't think I'm going to be doing that. This Thanksgiving because the beast is going to be on. Telling some real amazing stories.
Hey, I'll tell you a place where you hear some amazing stories. And that's either pizza law locations. Jeff Cohen will tell you stories. You'll say I can't believe any of that is true. The most amazing part of it is trust me when I tell you it all is. It's all true.
I'm lunatic. I'm wild man. I mean, yeah, who continues in spite of his own personal aberrant behavior pumping out the greatest challenge at both pizza law locations. Did I just say pizza? How do I go? I don't think so. No, I hope not. I see I have a subliminal thing because Boka Brian's doing those jingles for the pizza hot.
I mean, we like our friends at the pizza, but I know pizza law. And one of the main things going is that everything is made fresh and by hand and delicious at the pizza law. Every Monday's lasagna, two day like that is eggplant.
I buy one of these dinner's these nights get the second one for only five bucks every Wednesday kids eat with it all say can see just famous magic show.
Third day is bite night at the lot come on a motorcycle by one didn't get the second month for half price. And if you're singing a door song when you come in, God only knows what they'll give you.
I mean, don't aren't all bikers big doors fan. I would think like jazz, McKay, what am I talking to you guys? You don't even know who now I'm talking about what is shame.
Damn good thing George is office week because he gets real testy about this music stuff pizza lot got three delicious kinds of pizza audio Italian favorites chicken and field dishes seafood, calzone, super subs. The most amazing garlic rolls you've ever even come across in your life.
And for take out and delivery and catering in Davie, which in Davie, the between Griffith and five ninety five on university driver.
I'm here when imports with tons and tons of free parking for take out delivery there call nine five four nine one six eighty eight eighty nine one six eighty eight eighty.
And the brand new plantation pizza lot call this number. And by the way, it's right behind that the drug store on a corner, not villain sunrise.
Same delicious food, same great service, same teeny tiny prices nine five four three eight two nineteen ninety nine three eight two nineteen ninety nine lunch.
They're late nights. Nice. You can't be with the stick. The world famous pizza lot now with two brow locations.
I love this is for 20 five six.
Oh God. The most explosive band of the seventies is back. Here's his back.
Live in concert. They're turning gray and they're coming your way.
I was made for tears. Oh, baby. You were made for demons.
I can hear you calling my hearing aid is dead.
I want to watch TV all night.
They have every day.
I want to watch re-front sunrise.
Play me go every day.
The hottest band of the seventies. Here's his there coming soon.
Don't folks don't near you.
I can't hardly hear you now.
I can't hardly hear you now.
But hearing even so the blink.
Thank God that's over man.
A midly of their smash to I should point out.
The two clearing omission and notice not a word see this is this is the old the anthem for a lost generation that song.
That's what that is not a word from the other side.
Yeah.
Anyway sticks you know where they're from.
No since we left sticks and R.E.M. off the list and we apologize profusely and also the monkeys are your speed wagon etc.
Sticks is from Chicago sweet.
You know what state that's in in Greek mythology sticks is a river in hell in Hades.
See all the stuff you learn here today already.
Yeah I learned one thing I shouldn't have played that.
What's wrong with that?
I hate it.
I'm not into revanna okay.
How many other hits did they have let's point out.
Well the whole that whole CD was great.
How many how many other hits didn't revanna have other than smells like teenage smegma they had a few name me one.
I can't remember the names of the song right now that was.
I wasn't a good man but they did have a few.
I understand that makes it commercial and they don't have to be commercial to be great we get all those.
How about come as you are that's that was one of their hits that made it all away up to number 32.
That was big how about about a girl.
That was an album cut by the way was never a single it made it up to number 22 and the man who said who sold the world made it up to 39 other album cut.
That was it that's a medley of their smash which I just played.
God were they good or what?
I know this is fucking right down the street.
And beat that gator me.
That's why I was wrong.
Yeah.
Yeah no.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But thanks for getting here early on because it's your made all the talk shows were all alien all day for day after day and week after week and month after month.
245 votes on a poll today on the iranches.com based on what you know which country should the us be attacking now.
None any attack will lead the total chaos 76 people said that Saudi Arabia they're starting to catch on Saudi Arabia 71.
Do you think the Saudis could be the sand sugars in a wood pile.
Iraq 50 Canada for calling W a moron 29.
Let me know when you're coming North Korea.
Wait a minute just changing again.
I mean I hate that North Korea 10 Pakistan 6 and Iran in last place has got three.
Let's see if they can find Iran on the map.
It's just a little tiny country now.
It's right next to Illinois I think the girl.
Somewhere close right?
Yes and the it's in the hood.
Get the letter I you know here's West Palm Beach hello.
Hey Neil good morning.
Yes sir.
I thought when the Ileon dust settled that Merrick Laces would be a cottage industry selling thick lozenges or something but that's not what I call.
Yeah.
When Eric Clapton sundie he wrote a song for him called cheers in heaven.
Uh huh.
And then he turned around and sold the rights to it to the soundtrack to the movie Rush.
So he basically kind of hored himself out for that in my opinion.
It just leaves a bad taste my mouth.
And then the other guy's picking on aroh Smith because they do commercials at least Steve Tyler's daughter she's still alive and looks pretty good.
Well I think it's one of the same lines Eric Smith doing that.
I mean if they want to make a buck gray but I think it cheapens their body of work when they're selling out their art for the bottom line dollar because they did commercials and cheapens their work.
Yeah.
How about all the movie stars and all the TV stars that do commercials?
Including Dennis Frans or whatever hell his name is who pretends he doesn't do commercials and then goes on her does the cell phone spots.
Well that's not hard.
You know I mean acting in a TV drama.
It's not hard my opinion.
It isn't?
It's pretty little form of it.
Anyway you know, stick star from Chicago, stick to from Cuba.
Okay.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Forma Kill, they just won't let up on me.
Probably forgetting that line's bear score all screwed up.
Got the wrong winner.
Got the wrong score.
What you slip and fall.
While your window is open.
Uh-huh.
They run down the hall.
While your window is open.
I'm out and turned.
I feel secure.
Cause your temp will watch while you're.
Windows open.
Uh-huh.
Funny I ran into Jim Morrison on the streets of Toronto yesterday.
So looking pretty good.
For a little bit.
I tend.
Hi, he's okay.
Said he's been talking to Elvis.
Been hanging out with him.
1051 at 560 WQ.
Anybody that would put their van on the same pool and you notice how poorly deleted by the way.
And you guys are saying, oh, I want to see the age of the people that voted on here.
Like all the people have voted for the doors and erosmith are old parts.
No, you know that's not true, huh?
No, it's just older.
That old part just an older crowd and a ranna crowd.
So in other words, you're telling me.
That somebody who's like, let's say 35.
Okay.
Would vote for Erosmith before Nirvana.
Yeah.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot 35 is old.
No, I said older, not old.
Somebody who's 30.
I voted for the doors.
I make you pardon?
I voted for the doors.
Yeah, look at you.
You're like, what, 10?
Carlos is like about 10 years old.
He's waiting for one BB to drop.
And he voted for the doors.
I don't, I don't buy that.
See, this isn't the same as it used to be once upon a time.
We're not talking about Rudy Valley, okay?
And Bing Crosby.
And Frank Snatra.
See, that's an amazing thing about rock music.
That's for the last 50 years now.
We're close to it.
Is that it transcends the generations.
Now I grant you we don't have any hip hop crap on our poll.
But how many hip hop groups can you name?
I mean, our most hip hop artists like, you know, individuals who record like with other people.
You know, like featuring Dr. Dre, featuring Dr. Viss.
Right.
Right?
Yeah, there's a Mishmash.
Now, a Mishmash, right?
At the Mosh Pit.
And it is the pits.
Anybody would put, let me say it again, a fan on the same poll with these other groups.
It's just, it would be like putting John Von Blomion there, which we did, which you apologize for having Von Jovy on.
I tried to tell you yesterday, don't let's put him on there.
Now, why did we do that?
Was that on the guy's list?
Oh, yeah, the guy's on his list.
And you know something, I actually crossed it out.
And then I changed my mind because you guys talked me into it.
We put his whole list on there and then we added just a couple of other ones.
We left off Guns and Roses, Bad Mistake.
And we left off Grand Funk Railroad and REM and REO Speedwagon and Sticks and a four-season.
Now, the four-season thing leads me to an interesting question.
Now, the Beach Boys, not only did they write most of their own music, Brian Wilson and Mike Love.
But the Beach Boys also played instruments.
I mean, Dennis Wilson played the drums.
Everybody plays the drums.
Ringo Starr, anybody who released the musician, they play the drums.
I'm not saying there are good drummers, but they're not two of them.
Oh, you're wrong about that.
Ringo Starr is the greatest drummer.
Okay, he's great.
You follow him saying?
Yeah.
It was a rock band, a rock group.
But the four seasons, of course, just were singers, like the temptations, like the miracles,
like all those Motown groups we talked about yesterday.
See what I'm saying?
The voice is an instrument, though.
I mean, if you know how to play it...
Yeah.
Keep going.
No one Brittany used to do it.
Keep going.
Yeah, if you like Brittany to play it all right, you like her to use her larynx.
Yeah, but she could stay quiet once you do it.
Yeah.
Like that.
Perfect.
Kind of like that.
Maybe in a slightly higher register.
So full of crap.
Now, don't you see the difference that I'm trying to make there?
You can't put all those groups on there who are like, I don't know.
We'll have a separate poll for those one day.
For all of Motown groups and the four seasons and all of these people.
Right.
Now, how about the Anandabell Mons since we talked about my close friend Dion yesterday?
You don't like Dion and Abell Mons?
No, I do.
Oh, Miguel don't have any idea who the hell that is.
He thinks we're talking about racing again, Belmont Park.
That's how Long Island, by the way, that's in Elmont, New York, on Long Island.
Dion and Dion were working.
But about Dion were she's a group group.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marvellous Line.
Now, dogs doing a show of choules today between one and three.
The Humper is doing, I have no idea why we must be making a few extra bucks for this.
Because the last time he did his show with that triple A arena boy,
it sounded, you hear it that day, sounded awful.
I was there with him.
Indeed, you hear it on the ear?
No, I was next to him.
Oh, sounded bad.
So you people are engineering department.
I know you're really on top of things.
But see if he can't find tune that a little bit before the Humper does the show.
All four hours, three to seven to seven noon at the triple A arena.
I were a winderman between four and five, Rob Conrad, five to six.
Seven o'clock we got, Hurrah Kuhn's warm up, seven thirty, it's Kuhn's basketball.
UM and Texas A&M.
Anybody going to be going to that?
No.
Listening to it.
Anybody care?
No.
Any K after the basketball game from GA and Joe and Mark overnight.
That's our schedule.
As we now start getting to that time of the year, we're not just Thanksgiving,
but then you got all these other holidays coming, Hanukkah and Christmas and New Year's and all this other stuff.
And so we just kind of like, you know, like most of the time, just fake our way through it.
I'm in the local, this is five six years.
There are new doors to the top of the arena.
I sure enjoy that.
1106 at five sixty, WNC, little medallions.
Nice to have two CD decks.
See the way that works out?
Notify that.
Got dope in here dancing as that's awesome.
Oh boy, I sure wish we had pictures of that.
We're in a blonde wig.
Was he wearing a blonde wig?
No, no, no.
Could you hide that?
We took that back.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T of Ryze Line.
If you wonder what all this music thing is, we were inspired by that fact we got yesterday late in the show.
From that music distributor who compiled his own, well, we he says we who the hell we is.
Compiled list of the top American rock bands of all time.
And so we took their list.
We added a couple here and we didn't scratch any off, which is unfortunate.
But so that kind of inspired.
I went out and spent some of those cheap Canadian dollars.
I wanted to make the most of it.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello?
Yes, ma'am.
I want to say that Meli was great.
And I met you for all the songs I've completed.
I didn't hear what you said.
What was great?
I said that Meli was great.
Oh, the Meli.
I'm going to say you didn't play the whole entire thing through.
Oh, okay.
Well, I'll do that now because you got a bad echo.
Wasn't that that chronic lady that sounded like what's her name?
Wanda.
Isn't it?
Kind of hard to tell when she's underwater.
Come up for air suite art next time.
I actually cut that short.
The last one.
They're a little bit darker because it's a lady collar on there.
Don't ever be influenced by whatever it says on the thing there.
Okay?
You understand?
Thank you.
Don't ever be influenced.
The show must go on.
Yeah, you're right.
I should have played the whole thing.
I have so many great songs under here.
You know, plus the Eagles.
I mean, a curse is on them.
And all the songs are so damn long.
You know what?
Yes.
Although I will say on my Doris CD, the doors have come on songs.
Huh?
The doors have some long songs.
Writers on the storm.
Let's see how long writers in the storm is on here.
And also, like my fire.
Writers on the storm on this particular cut.
This one is seven minutes and 15 seconds.
Right.
And light my fire is seven oh six.
Oh, right.
Yeah, we've had some good time with those.
How about the end?
How about your what?
Welcome.
Yeah, how long is the end?
Is that even longer than those?
I think so.
Ah!
1143.
Oi!
This is the end, my friend.
Almost 12 minutes.
I love those cuts.
Put that van MacArthur Park to shame.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
I guess it is Tuesday.
It's tabloids Tuesday.
I better do this one story.
I've been teasing for days now.
Doctor Phil's boob of session.
It's not really all that exciting, but of course the tabloids.
You know, they're going to make a big simiside.
Everything.
And anything negative about Dr. Phil will be delighted to read it.
TV shrink, Dr. Phil McGraw has something bigger than advice on his mind when dealing with women
guest on his talk show.
He just might be talking about breasts say sources.
Oi!
The 52-year-old psychologist who shot the fame as Upper Winfrey's guru and now has his own
embarrassing talk show has been obsessed with big boob since his days in a teenage football star
at Shawnee Mission, North High and the Kansas City, Missouri area.
His shocking history includes insisting that his first wife lift weights to block up her test size
so she'd look nice, hiring big busted girls to work in his health spa, telling pals that the
type of galling was attracted to as big boobs.
Well, that's pretty revolutionary, isn't it?
And also being accused of sexually harassing a female patient who claimed he fondled her breasts.
To top it off, his current wife Robyn sports a sensational bust line and Dr. Bruce Nadler
in New York, plastic surgeon tells the globy believes it's the result of breast surgery.
I definitely think she had a little help from Silicone's sister's Nadler who has never treated Robyn with a study of her photos.
The breasts are too rounded on top for woman her age.
Usually breasts become droopy after age 40, so I think she's had implants to keep them firm.
McGraw first revealed his fixation with larger breasts to high school pals.
Boob's had to be big. That was the type of woman who would catch Phil's eye back then because of former classmate.
After McGraw married his first wife high school cheerleader Debbie Higgins in 1970 when they were both 20,
he pushed her to look nice by lifting weights and blocking up her chest size, he claims.
And inside her says the way McGraw urged Debbie to exercise her chest area, boarded on obsessive compulsive behavior.
The marriage collapsed four years later she says because he was cheating on her with other women.
In 1971 Dr. Phil opened up the Grecian Health Spawn to pick up Kansas where one of his advertised special treatments was a bust developer.
And inside her says when it came to hiring women Phil always chose young gals with big chests that was absolutely the thing for him.
The bigger the boobs the better and look at all the boobs that are watching him now. That's the tragic part.
Later after he became a psychologist he got in trouble say sources.
A 19 year old patient says she claimed at the time he touched my breast and he put his hands between my legs.
There's no public record of the complaint allegedly made by his former patient but the Texas Board of Examters found the
then 34 year old McGraw had engaged in unprofessional conduct, kind like the beast he was unprofessional.
Ironically McGraw probably got into psychology for the same reason he's obsessed with breast Dr. Lois Mueller tells the globe he's needy.
And a person who was fixated on breast shows he's very dependent and not properly nurtured in his youth explains the temp of Florida psychologist.
It's not unusual for needy people to become psychologists. Now Dr. Phil needs to look for the inner beauty and women instead of focusing just on their big boobs.
How do you like that he's a boob man.
As if that's unusual or something like that.
Well that's another one of those really sensational stories in the globe.
How's our pool doing based on what you know what country should the US be attacking now we ask today?
How's our buddy Eric doing by the way spoken in lately?
Yeah.
Is he okay?
I'm a little worried about him he seems to be cracking under the stress.
Didn't seem to be crying or anything.
Good excellent mark that down mark that whatever day that was.
324 votes on a pool saw and look at that Saudi Arabia is pushed to the lead.
Oh, and to the lead.
The sand chiggers into wood pile 103 votes none.
Any attack will lead to total chaos 100 say that we got a good battle going on there and after that it's got a small potatoes.
Iraq 57, Canada for calling W moron 38.
North Korea 13 Pakistan 10 and Iran has only three.
From it's after 11 and 560 WQM we got Thanksgiving in a couple of days then you got Chanooka and Christmas and New Year's all these holidays bring a lot of guests a lot of nosy people start inspecting air be last detail in your house.
They look at the see if there's any dust and a furniture and they certainly take a long hard look at your carpets.
So with a guest coming do the smart thing right now call our good friends at dry concepts and have everything in tip top shape pretend you're really a big shot instead of the slaw you really probably are.
Drop concepts will come at your home and take care of all of that for you check out their website.
Drop concepts dot com that information on all the great things they do carpet dry cleaning a poultry cleaning leather cleaning or you have a rug cleaning and repair water damage restoration pet odors and more they take care of all of for you.
And the best part of the deal is not only did they do the best job in a world but they give you a guaranteed written price up front before they start the job never any tack on never any bats and prizes at the end of the job.
I've been using them to clean my carpets in my home for over 20 years and if turn just about everybody I know I'd dry concepts they've all got that big smile on their post they agree with me.
There is nobody does a job for like they do the best in the universe.
So if you want your house looking sparkly new for the holidays call dry concepts now tool free call 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 clean today you can entertain tonight not just an advertising slogan it's their business at dry concept.
I'm dying on the house.
I'm not dating I'm not dating you and I've got to keep my teeth and we're still.
Yeah, I'm so.
I can still keep rocking you.
That's our Q.A.M. song by the way love with 25 a Q.A.M. alleged victims of clergy sensual abuse when two victories in court yesterday even as lawyers for both the victims and the church.
Mets and tried to settle more than 400 lawsuits against the church in two separate ruling suffix superior court judge constant Sweeney criticized the arts diocese of Boston constant no relation to Boston ruins defense been done.
The judge ordered the public release of about 11,000 internal church documents related to 65 priest were accused of abusing children over the past three decades on Friday church lawyers complied with a court order to handle with the documents.
The church filed a motion late Friday asking that the documents be sealed from public view until a motion to dismiss a lawsuit against the allegedly abusive priest is hurt in January.
Sweeney rejected the request and chastised church lawyers were attempting to shield the documents from public view while the defendants have seemingly produced the documents to opposing counsel at the last minute and under a warning of sanctions and contempt.
They still resist public disclosure of these documents the judge wrote in her hostile ruling. How do you like that? I'll right here for the judge you go judge.
This facts we got about the Led Zeppelin how many times do we have to say Led Zeppelin are Brits okay the Brits give us the shmets the Brits this is about the investment American group and heart with all due respect okay.
Is there anybody in that room who believes that heart belonged on that list? No.
I'm a little heart. Anybody in that room who believes that the lions beat the bears on Sunday?
I'm not. This is 20 or by city. You way.
I got your breath. So beautiful.
SeitSRe race ahead.
обратe girl.
Unauthorised ninete sacred vers thirteen.
I have a job, a job, a rich girl
And wrote into me
He say, way, from my crooked kids
When your love life is told, there's no need to suffer
Just head down to the pet shop for a nova, and a lava
Don't wanna do more rich or keel
Rich or keel
Rich or keel
Rich or keel
Rich or keel
Rich or keel
Every one out in America, jab below
Every one out in America, jab below
Also from the same edition of the club that gave it a really boring story about Dr. Phil
A somewhat more titillating story, Richard Gears is stud, but the Neuros are dud
In spite of all those horrible stories about Richard Gear and his pet
Former bond girl, Carrie Lowell finally wet her long time love Richard Gear
And she's one lucky gal, according to a notorious ex-skit, and who says Gear is a tiger in a sack
Lowell's secret wedding to the American Jiglo was so private that the only two guests witnessing the ceremony at their home in scenic pound-rich New York
With a couple's two-year-old son, Homo, a homer, and Lowell's daughter Hannah 12
But word is now out that 41-year-old Lowell's handsome new hubby not only has the power to make women swoon with his looks, he leaves them breathless in bed
Ex-cover girl, Carol Mallory, a former sex addict who claims to have racked up more than 40 showbiz trists
Raid's Gear 52 as near perfect in the sack, I give him a nyan as a lover Mallory, gushes out of you like that, she gives him a...
Yai! And Gear is not the only celebrity not on her bedpost
You think her chewing gum loses its flavor on her bedpost overnight?
With the release of her steamy book Wicked Confessions of a Cover Girl Mallory is kissing and telling about her triple-x-rated flings with Hollywood's biggest and not so big stars
I wonder what means by Hollywood's biggest stars
Little innuendo?
Robert De Niro was not well in doubt, he says he likes you on top and he keeps his socks on
Oh no!
He keeps his socks on!
The one time supermodel best known for purring all my men were English leather or nothing at all in the 70s TV commercial
Remember those I do?
You don't because you're too young to remember that punk
Both of you
Brought truth to advertising by betting a betty of Hollywood's top heart throbs
And it all began with Cadabotown Warren Beatty
We dated on the kitchen table she says adding, Warren is not particularly well in doubt and has no butics but he gave me three orgasms
Now that flies in the face of all the rumors about Warren Dowdy, Dowdy Baudy, Beatty being in doubt like an elephant
How do you like that?
Hmm, never heard that but he gave her three orgasms
Platoon star Tom Baranger gets top billing from Mallory 60
Who's happily married to 34-year-old Hunk Kenneth Gambone
Tom was the best I ever had except for my husband she confesses he was sober and articulate, fearless and real I like real men
Tom Baranger
What was that movie he was in about the deep south about the clan or what was that?
Southern, not Southern Comfort?
What was it?
What do you guys know?
Not sure what were you talking about?
The movie he was in when he was like a double agent with like a Southern skinhead, you don't know somebody will call him
Some of Mallory's most famous partners were almost forgettable. Robin Williams is a realized person but a mediocre lover who asked me after what how he was in bed she says
I adore Robin but I can't remember his size
Not so with Matt Dillon who she says she did seduced at age 19 when she was 41
Matt was well in doubt but had trouble getting his sneakers off she recalls
I enjoyed him even though he was not great
Was 19?
Was well in?
How about your partner?
He was 19, he's a punk
Yeah, well he was conceived by the way
He's conceived?
Yep, thank you so much
With Tom Baranger, good actor
Then there's the late doubly more
Underlined the Doug part I guess he says he liked to watch Pornow that turned me off
A pair of British superstars also proved to be less riveting off the silver screen than on it
Sean Cotterley was a letdown she declares and Anthony Hopkins was a disappointment he was boring
She didn't even say a big disappointment
Mallory recently delivered her bombshell verdicts on shock-jock Howard Steuron's radio show giving thumbs up to Aegis Rocker
Rod Stewart, Rod was funny in bed she says he wore a hat like a little tan to be funny
Kind of like that, that kind of funny
So there you go and they bought the main thing we learned there other than Richard Gear actually maybe has done it
By the way the movie was not deceived it was betrayal
Oh that sounds more like it
I could look it up in my book down here, but that would take a lot of effort on my part like reaching over in the drawer
There I don't feel like doing that. Yeah, I was I just saying it was so important about what we know it warrant
Vadeys actually did not have that huge penis now Milton Burl did they have said that when he died recently they had trouble closing a coffin
The lid
Poor Uncle Milti
Milton Burl was the room where to have the largest long in the show business that was the story and he was Jewish to top it all off
But he liked that shocking
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line a lot of the same people have voted yesterday 400 times for who was it that got the crank fan hailing
Ben hailing
They're voting today of course we don't really care today because we got we got 8 zillion votes and the sum of more real but not too many
444 votes based on what you know which country should the US be attacking now Saudi Arabia 133
Ha ha ha some of those are real none any attack will lead the total chaos 112 i rack 72 Pakistan 69
Canada for calling W moron 41 will be watching for it the border a North Korea 14 and Iran's only got three
That's because they can't fight it on the map all look at this
One of those people is in serious risk you ever underway at water tower near Dallas Texas this is much you do I mean it's you know sad story
It doesn't really have any great significance other than killing some time for CNN because it's breaking news
Hey follow me breaking news
Here's a call from Miami hello
Miami
Gone didn't wait can't imagine why here's Margate hello
Neil yes sir you know what band was the nighma to me an American band back in the day what was that war yeah those guys they only play like two songs of there's ever on the radio did they only have like one album or something
Well I can probably tell you just exactly what they had if I can stall here for about two seconds and Stevie Ray Vaughn was pretty good
Let's see war spill the wine I love spill the wine yeah that got all the way up to number three I didn't Eric burden the animals also do that spill the wine I don't know yes they did
Eric burden their way right Eric burden and war Eric burden was the lead singer he was in there huh he was in that Eric burden and war okay he was the lead singer on that cut
Oh okay let's see all day music slipping in the darkness the world is a ghetto the Cisco kid yeah the Cisco I didn't like that at all I thought that was crap
Jipsy man me and maybe brother Bolero why can't we be friends low rider those you just said summer and galaxy yeah they had a few here in there were they all black
Or were those Eric burden the token whitey Howard Scott Lee Oscar Lonnie Jordan Charlie Miller Thomas Allen
Morris Dickerson and Harold Brown they sound like a bunch of black dudes to me that's good you know I have a big black rock and roll act what is a lot of black rock and roll
Acts man how about all those Motown acts well other than Motown that is yeah I don't know I don't really I'm not don't consider that like rock and roll because I'm a little bit younger
So I understand that that's a tough it's like that thing with the four seasons I don't can I mean their music was pop music you know but people have talked today about rock and roll
Wouldn't consider the four seasons rock and roll but then those same people probably wouldn't consider the Beach Boys rock and roll but back in those days it was considered that you bet
All right it's all relative man so have a good time with your relatives well this is great it's like the old QAM days with Ricky Tickey and the big road this is this is a
P.V. We were a format change have a great holiday later see yeah format change I really get the jump on those bastards on 640 I'll say to that whatever that was I can't keep track of those
Stations anyway I was a m's JNA and JNO and J and you and all these 640 and 850 and I have no idea what they are each one has got about 65 watts that many night what that many
19 till noon so did you figure out what state it was in
So
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be standing up. I don't think that the author in the choir now
She'll be singing away.
Speak to your show.
Don't you know this style?
Speak to your show.
Speak to your show.
Speak to your show.
Here's a fact from some schmuck in Tampa who says what about the band Bonson?
They were pretty good at one time and the answer is they were okay.
Would they be good enough to make this list?
No.
No chance.
We've had them on other lists on other occasions and we won't make them a stick again.
Channel 10 speaking of don't make the second mistake again.
Oh, you see the poll channel 10's taken?
Yeah.
In case of a rematch in 2004 who'd get your vote for president George W or Al Gore?
They've got 7,329 votes so far.
Gore 33% voice 67% just say no to Al.
It's my life and look all this is for trade-offs I see.
You aint you aint you aint.
This tape Goldstein but you can call me Telly.
Whenever I'm in town I listen to wait a minute I am in town.
It's the 12th of one hour.
Stop.
Stop late.
Ismail.
Some year.
Capitol Hill Records and tapes is proud to introduce Al Gore's books on tape.
You'll hear Al Gore, politician and public speaker breathe life into such classics as Moby Dickling.
Particular to interest me on shore a tale of two cities.
It was the best of times.
It was the worst of times.
He'll bring all the chills and eerie darkness of Edgar Allan Poe.
Take the beat from out of my heart and take the form from off my door.
Close the raven.
Never more.
Listen to Al Gore bring out the sexual tension in the steaming novels of Danielle Steele.
And I knew from the moment he caressed my tender skin that someday we'd be the same.
We together forever.
So don't waste your time or strain your eyes reading books for yourself.
Ship a boy half seen, walk way up.
So cry a hab available now at a Barnes & Noble bookstore near you.
What is wrong with my delivery?
I am a trained political space.
Put him on ice with Ted Williams, 1202 at 560 WQAM happy Tuesday.
The mad dog of one from Shulas hanged from the AAA arena at 3 this afternoon.
Five people have been arrested in connection with the shoe bomber Richard Reed, no relation to Donna or Robert.
French police made the arrest in Paris as part of the investigation and the reads attempt to blow up a transatlantic flight with explosives in his shoes last year.
There were five arrests for questioning today in Paris National Police spokesman Toulroy is today.
The arrest were part of continuing checks to establish what Richard Reed was doing in Paris.
Under French anti terrorism laws they can be held for up to four days before being placed under investigation, formally charged or released the A&P said.
Reed pleaded guilty in October to all accounts against him, including attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction, attempted homicide and placing an explosive device on the aircraft.
Reed, 29 of British citizens in Convert to Islam, was overpowered by the flight crew, etc. and so on.
On American Airlines flight 63 from Paris to Miami on December 22.
He has declared himself a disciple of Al Qaeda leader Ossami Yamama.
Meanwhile, French police yesterday arrested six suspected Islamic radicals, thought to have recruited young Muslims for extremist groups like Al Qaeda.
Speaking of people who are really dangerous, at least according to authorities,
police Floridians who racked up $44.3 million in charges by calling a psychic hotline featuring mystic Miss Cleo will not have to pay under a settlement announced by the state yesterday.
Aren't you thrilled Carlos?
Thrilled.
That you won't have to pay now?
Yep.
Well, you're into all those infomercials. I'm sure you watched Miss Cleo.
Oh, you see my phone though.
The agreement with Fort Lauderdale based, the good thing you got paid again yesterday.
The agreement with Fort Lauderdale based, access resources services also prohibits the company from operating pay a paper call services in Florida or signing up new customers for prepaid services.
The financial futures of those people who got hoodwinked by a RSM is clear and now a bit brighter to Florida Attorney General Richard E. Durand, equally important day and the others will not be subjected to further possible deceptions by this operation.
The Attorney General's Office last February charged ARS and its TV pitch woman, Ureed Del Harris, aka Miss Cleo, with deceiving customers.
Among other things, the state charged had an offer of free psychic rail. We know all of that.
Can we know all of that?
Yeah.
Without admitting wrong, doing ARS agreed to forgive $44.2 million not standing charges to Florida customers and return money to those who paid for services and have sought refunds through the Attorney General's office or who do so within 60 days.
So you still got too much to get your money back.
ARS will pay 40 grand to cover the state's investigative cost. We'll also refrain from selling, renting or otherwise disclosing names, telephone numbers, credit card numbers, and other information about consumers who access the company's paper call services.
Florida is the last of 10 states to be chagrin with ARS as usual. On November 14, the FTC voted 5-10 to approve a settlement with the company.
They required the hotline operators to cancel $500 million in customer bills in 9 other states and then pay the FTC a $5 million fine.
Where are the wrong business?
Yeah. I'll tell you what, I'll be glad to pay a $5 million fine if I can do $500 million in business.
I don't sound too bad to me.
Got it all.
When do we start?
It's the psychic hotline.
And I got news for I got much greater psychic powers than that pitch any day of the week.
For example, last night I had a dream that we had a whole new sales department at QAM.
I'm not making that up. I told that to Carlos before this morning. Very bizarre dream. I rarely dream about that place. Usually it's only nightmares.
Prejudition.
But I had this very strange dream that every single one of the salespeople was gone. Every one of them even bought headed Troy.
Which we'll think in at work.
And there are all these new people in there and they were all trying to find a desk in an office in which to sit like I was a bizarre as usual as anything connected with that place is.
Speaking of bizarre, the real case, the real one, which one is this in? Is this in the globe also? What a globe is this full of crap.
The real story behind shocking photos of the King of Pop. Drugs destroying Jacko.
Michael's family is living in fear that he's going to end up dead just like Elvis.
All right.
Is Michael Jackson dying? That's the question. Frantic friends and family are asking after seeing those shocking pictures of the glassy and bug-eyed King of Pop with his decomposing nose badly discolored and taped up from years of plastic surgery.
And his hands discolored and badly swollen and misshapen.
And it's got some pictures that one on the left here is just it's beyond description.
Jackson's frightening appearance and confused and lethargic demeanor not to mention almost dropping that baby off the balcony in Berlin.
Stunned the world when he recently testified in a California courtroom to defend himself in a civil suit alleging he caused concert promoter $20 million for canceling two shows.
Michael scared the hell out of everyone fans friends and family says one long time pal.
Even Michael's got his pals. How do you like that? I've never seen him look so bad.
The first thing I thought was oh my god. Is he dying? Oh my god.
And another source close to the singer ads Michael is a total basket case often confused and out of it.
Kind of like Greg. Kind of like.
Yeah. Yeah. Probably makes that same sound.
He's complained for years about paying but the medication he takes his turn him into a zombie.
He's an accident waiting to happen. It's very sad. Michael is destroying himself.
Oh. Are we upset about this? Poor guy.
Jackson's family is where the 44 year old 44.
The bizarre superstar is still hooked on the powerful mind money numbing drug demoral.
And fear he's so out of control. It could end up killing him. All right. Stop it. That's bad.
Couple with the report he suffered a medical emergency shortly before a second day of court testimony.
Family members are scared that he's racing toward an early grave. All right.
No one knows what's going on with him. The pal continued but all you have to do is look at him to see that something is terribly terribly wrong.
Just take a puke at a man.
Jackson's behavior in court was just as alarming. He just was described as unfocused and at times even struggled to read some of the documents put in front of him.
He also bewildered onlookers by dosing off the witness stand, giggling as he was quizzed, humming into the microphone and playing with a magnifying glass.
This is not the first time loved one's fear Jackson had fallen into the clutches of a powerful narcotic.
Just last November four family members, sisters Janet and Rebby and brothers Tito and Randy.
Flew on a charter jet from Los Angeles to New York to confront their famous sibling after a staffer told them he was walking around like a robot hooked on demoral and drinking large amounts of wine.
But according to sources, a stubborn Jack O'Flatley refused their place to get treatment.
They were scared for Michael then and they're just as scared for him today. The pal said, just look at him.
Even though a thorn shower, just look at him. You don't need a medical degree to see. He's got some very serious problems.
Earlier in 1999, it was learned that Jackson was regularly hooked to an intravenous drip that sent doses of the prescription painkiller, surging into his veins.
A family insider confirmed back then that the performer has been seen taking large doses of demoral, which has potential side effects, including disorientation, hallucinations and mental sluggishness.
Ever since his family's failed intervention, they continue to get reports he was still using demoral the French has, but there's still nothing they could do.
They've been told that some days he seems to be able to moderate his usage and others. He's back at it at full force, but his scary court appearance really hit home to them.
A wide-eyed action-faced Jackson showed up in court in Santa Barbara carrying his ever-present surgical mask.
Another day on the stand pictures reveal his hands were swollen, discolored and mischapen.
Jackson told a lensman that he'd been bitten by a spider, but Dr. Bruce Nadler, who's in every one of these stories in a globe by the way, must be making a pretty penny.
Dr. Nadler says that all spider bites can cause bruising and swelling, only the area of the bite would be affected.
In this case, the swelling is distal or removed from the bruised area, so it's unlikely it's from a bite, says Nadler.
And Dr. Ryan Stanton says that demoral drips can definitely cause swelling and bruising in the hands.
He says the drug can be used to control pain, but also offers patients a drug-induced eye as well.
It has the added advantage of giving the patient a little high, aside from the pain control.
Kind of like you gave to mode this morning. Remember, you gave him a little high? Just a little high.
And he didn't speak to you. Life that you walked away.
It has the advantage of giving the patient a little high, aside from the pain control of Beverly Hills Cosmetics Surgeon tells the globe, and it can certainly cause swelling and bruising of the area where it's hooked up.
Volker retone pharmacist, Dr. Skip Lens agrees, saying, an IV drip can cause the skin to become bruised and swollen.
Neither Dr. Stanton, Adler, nor pharmacist Lens have treated Jackson, but it was Jackson's nose, ravaged by plastic surgery which have pulled on lookers.
He tapes his nose to hold it into place and give it some form.
The long-time pal reveals, you can see what it's done to the whole shape of his face. He looks like some grotesque monster.
Adding to friends' concerns is their belief that the singer's under great deal of pressure and is having trouble dealing with it.
This case is surely driving him crazy, the pal says, plus his career is in the toilet.
He's got financial problems and he's never gotten over being labeled a child abuser, labeled.
Nine years ago, while battling accusations of pedophilia, Jackson checked himself into a private hospital to get off prescription pills, but no one now seems to be able to convince him to get help.
Michael's family believes he's surrounded by a bunch of yes men who just give him into his every whim, says the pal, that's got him scared as hell.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
Michael's family believes he's going to get help.
I've thought I was going to get help if I don't.
Blakes out in two years probably had a blabbering OverDIO...
Sara has described Cala's family's murder
TV was something Bobby felt very strongly about and the one guy he thought could count on
let him down.
But the worst was yet to come.
The Supreme Court's decision to which later was a torturous turn of events for this
graced star.
Being denied bail was an even bigger blow the pal can fight.
Bobby could only be arming locked up because he thought it was temporary.
Now he's like a wild caged animal pacing back and forth, getting more and more worked
up until he just collapses and starts sobbing.
The civil lawsuit which won't start until the criminal case is finished was the final
straw.
Bonnie's ears filing suit against Bobby.
We got to him because it hit him where he had heard some of the most in his pocketbook
the pal notes.
The thought of his art and dough going to Bonnie's family literally makes him crazy as Brittany
would say crazy.
Blake who's been in the men's central jail in Los Angeles since April 18 arrest.
He's a little hopeful to the future.
Slowly rotting in a jail cell says the pal for a free spirit like Bobby that's really
tough to take.
Too freaking bad.
Oh, there's the moosey man.
Whatever is that they were going to determine is critical to the indictment where that evidence
came from.
He still can't speak.
We didn't think about it after all this publicity.
He get well anyway.
Speaking of Brittany, good segue.
Thank you.
Brittany heartbroken as secret plan to win back Justin fails.
Aren't then that just tear your guts out?
Bye, bye, bye.
Man.
What is wrong with him?
Huh?
Well, he just if you could see this picture Brittany by the way you'd be very upset.
She looks really pretty nasty here.
Well, she's upset.
She's sad.
And guess what the captain is out of the picture?
It says.
Bye, bye, bye.
Brittany's spirit showed up at our ex boyfriend Justin's doorstep under the pretext of
retrieving some items that she left at his house and he said, bye, bye, bye.
Popstar Brittany Spears made a secret surprise visit to the home of a former boyfriend Justin
Tinkerbell in a desperate attempt to win him back but her plan to be kindle their romance
failed miserably.
The inquirer has learned.
He is the the torpheus nastiest, nerdiest looking little piece of crap.
Maybe he's got a big penis, you think?
I don't know.
There were like, oh, I wasn't asking you.
I was asking Carlos.
I realized that I like wouldn't participate in such faggy speculation.
Okay?
As to as to speculate about some other guy's penis.
Not that you haven't thought in your life to have about maybe this one's got a large penis
or not.
In fact, when I read that thing about Warren Beatty, Miguel will reportedly let us sigh
of relief.
Yeah.
And the difference in my life.
No, I'm sure it does.
Bye, bye, bye.
Hey, Justin had spent months shatted over the break up before he finally put Brittany
behind him and has no intention of game back with his sources say.
He's got bigger fish to fry.
Brittany's planned reconciliation with Justin was a big bust.
A big bust?
And it's so supposed to Justin Tinkerbell.
Every story in his tabloids has got the word bust or boob in it.
You notice?
When the emotional encounter took place at Justin's Orlando home recently, it had been
several months since Brittany and the boy band Schmuck had seen each other.
The singer arrived on her former boyfriend's doorstep under the pretext.
He needed some items that she had left at his house and then attended a reconciliation.
When Brittany showed up, she was wearing sunglasses and a hat and a very sexy outfit that showed
off every curve of her body revealed it inside her.
Backed him.
Nice.
Justin didn't know how to act when he first saw her.
So we gave her a peck on the cheek.
That's a peck.
Then they both sat down in his living room.
She asked him to sit beside her because she'd recently had some pictures of them developed
that she wanted him to see.
Is there anybody who believed this crap?
But it sure makes good reading.
The reunion was friendly, but Brittany had secret plans to take it further and recapture
the romance that the couple had once shared the source to be saying.
Brittany went all out the source, said she had brought with her a backpack and with a
battle of wine, hoping evening would end up with Justin back in her arm.
Where was this source, like under the couch or something?
Don't ask any tough questions.
Okay, this is in the inquire.
They don't believe the story.
She talked about all the romantic times they had shared together.
She complimented him on what a wonderful person he is, but although Justin enjoyed the
compliments and the trip down memory lane, he was unconvinced.
Bye, bye, bye.
Yeah, he's going to throw his wild oats.
I understand he's running off with Aliun's daddies, what I heard.
When Brittany realized her campaign wasn't working, she tried an apology.
The source said, tearfully telling Justin I'm sorry she was for her part in their
breakup last March.
She begged him for another chance to make things right, but just in total they couldn't
go back to the way things were.
He told her he wanted her to be happy, but the two of them had no future together.
Brittany was crying.
She said, I'm crying over here.
She reminded him that he was her first kiss, her first love.
She said she loved him and just didn't know what to do with him, but without him in
her life, without him in her.
Even though Justin firmly told his former love that the relationship was over, Brittany
refused to listen.
She's kind of like getting like Teresa on passions.
He don't take no for an answer.
Brittany told Justin she needed to use the bathroom and disappeared for several minutes
revealed inside her.
Justin was about to go see if she was alright.
She appeared where he wanted Justin's shirts that she found in the bathroom.
Justin was shocked and asked what she was doing.
Brittany said she just wanted to smell him and then wearing a shirt reminded her of the
times they would make love.
He welcomed him and said, I'll be sad of him as if she were hoping to kiss him, but Justin
just didn't let that happen.
He put his arm around her, looked there straight in the eye and said, Brittany were not
getting back together.
Brittany then got up from the couch and told Justin she had to go.
The tears were back and she sobbed like Teresa as she ran from the house.
Despite Brittany's emotional reaction, Justin's mind was made up.
Justin's convinced Brittany's his and his past, not as future, the source said.
He said he cried more than once after they broke up and it wasn't until he started
saying, Alyssa Milano that he got over Brittany in a hurry.
Justin curled his heartbreak by expressing his feelings in lyrics and his first album,
his first solo album, Justified.
He told an interview, a heartbreak was eating me alive, writing songs helped me deal
with things.
Justin said he got better and better at the end of the record.
I was like this person who had just let go and said, wow, I'm over it.
I passed this.
I'm in good place.
The song right in therapy worked so well that after while the singer stopped feeling
sad and started feeling mad, the source said.
In the song, Crimey, a river, he sings bridges were burned and I was your turn to cry.
The damage is done so I guess I'll be leaving.
And just and his whole lot of his friends at the songs about Brittany, it sums up how
he felt.
But while Justin's getting over their love affair, Brittany is still smarting.
She was recently spotted in London wearing t-shirts wearing slogans once said, FU.com,
another one said, dump him.
They seem to be clear messages wander lost in the other one to Alyssa Milano.
The inquiries calls for a inquiries called a bespokement for Brittany were not returned.
How do you like that?
She said, FU.
And by the way.
BYE BYE BYE!
Quizzling, little whim.
Fred, is it you believe any of that stuff about them?
Any?
No.
No.
I believe that about as much as I believe JLo and Ben Affleck.
That's how much I believe that.
1227 at 560 WQM pops some Oliomedinier post you'll feel better.
It'll stop you from crying, stop you from pining over Justin and or Brittany.
Anyway Oliomed Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of the best olive oil
that you'll find anywhere combined with good stuff, vitamins, minerals, herbals, other
nutrients, all scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help
you support specific health needs.
Look for Oliomeds, three new formulas they've got one that can help you sleep, weight
management, and coq10, a stupendous product to help your heart.
All using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil like I keep telling you the best
you'll find anywhere is.
Oliomed is an outstanding new product that you can pick up just about all over town.
Just walk out the door and there it'll be.
It's at public seconds and wall greens all over.
For more information call Oliomedinier for all about their products, 1-866 Oliomed.
That's 1-866-65366333 can also order their products online if you like it.
Oliomedamerica.com and don't forget as if you could.
If you visit your nearest publishing by an Oliomedin product and databroward right now you can get
you a coupon for a free Lary Coker Bobblehead doll while supplies last.
Don't forget to visit their sampling committee and sports center every Sunday when the
dolphins are playing home games to pick up some free product information and some Oliomed
samples and for good health start popping some Oliomed pretty damn soon.
I am a local Oliomedinier.
This is 566.
The radio is all yours.
How are you?
I am my junior honey.
I am your honey.
I am your honey.
I am your honey.
I am your honey.
I am your honey.
Christmas Joy, their fairly bringing.
Carol's group and nose esting.
Jesus truly did us wrong when he made the sing this song on the air left angel sing.
More people than you want him.
Very poor taste.
1233-560 W.A.M. Happy Tuesday.
The mad dog from Shula State 2 at one hang from the triple A arena 3.
And we got her and basketball tonight.
Any interest in that?
No.
Here's a note from Fat Boy.
It says, hiya Pally.
He faxes me some copy here.
And on the note it says, hiya Pally.
And then he says, if you're not working Thursday these spots need to be recorded to air on Thursday.
Have a great day.
If I'm not working on Thursday, is there anybody in the building who thinks any of us are working on Thursday?
No.
I don't think.
Is Miguel working on Thursday?
No.
Carlos is working but that's because he's a punk.
Because he just started and hopes to get actually paid again.
One day.
He said, one day, Beast is going to be working.
He'll be doing a show now.
And again, see, I thought because this muff boy, she's just all over the place.
He said, oh, not going to make a big difference because it's a short show anywhere with a football.
And it dawned on me that there isn't any football number one.
And on number two, I realized that it's a full four hours for the beast.
You think you can handle it?
No.
9-1.
What do you think?
I'm not going to be a fan for what that means.
I'm nervous for him.
Why is that?
That's four hours, man.
I'm not going to be a fan for a slot.
I am not going to be a list of this.
There's no pressure from this end.
Okay.
This isn't like some of the other shows that he's worked in or with or around where he's under an enormous amount of pressure.
And somebody's going to call in the middle of the show.
Get him off.
He's unprofessional.
That's not going to happen on Thursday.
Because I'm not going to be paying any attention.
And I'm not going to be eating a lot either.
Because it's not a holiday up here, which is very good.
And you want to know why?
Because we got the Patriots and the Lions.
The Lions who lost to the Bears on Sunday.
On Thursday.
And by the time you're lately, every Patriot game is just a gut turn.
That game against the Vikings on Sunday.
Geez.
They scored three touchdowns of Patriots before you could get your ass warm and it's seed.
It looks like a blowout.
And then all of a sudden, like, well, the receivers can't catch the ball.
They keep dropping their balls all over the place.
The defense toward the end of the half-lens.
The Vikings back into game.
And just, you know, rolls over and plays dead.
Scenes we've seen before.
They make it very a little bit too exciting for my taste.
I like a blowout.
I like your team to win like 73 to nothing.
Like that game that Jackson will beat the dolphins not too many years ago.
What was the score in that?
Like 67 or three?
Well, right.
Yeah, something like that.
That's the kind of game you enjoy.
So anyway, I'll be watching the Patriots game even though it doesn't start.
What time is that game on Thursday?
And I'm asking, I'm asking Miguel, who thinks that the alliance won a game?
I don't know. All I know is we're not curing it.
I mean, why would we want to carry a Patriot game on this station?
That would be bad. Let's go play the dolphins.
That last game of the season, that's going to be the one, baby.
You can smell it.
You can sniff it all away from here.
It's going to be exciting.
Based on what you know, we asked in our poll today and boy, I'll tell you, the nuts are out there today.
It must be everybody's got to week off.
Based on what you know, which country should the US be attacking now?
563 votes and I bet you have more than half of those are real votes.
Saudi Arabia, 160, 30.
Pakistan has moved up just shockingly from nowhere to 116 votes.
Iraq 84, small potatoes.
Canada for calling W.A. Moron the other day.
The assistant to fruggy Jean Critchin.
47 votes for Canada.
North Korea 21 and Iran has only got five.
560, 560, 560 on EAT&T.
And Verizon line. Here's Miami. Hello.
God you suck.
Oh, thanks. Thanks for waiting for like an hour to tell me that. God you suck.
Excellent. Get those calls back on Neo.
5667, 0560, 0560 on EAT&T.
And that wasn't even one of our regular friends.
Actually, I think it was 1230 by the way on that New England game.
Or 1230 games. See, so I'm not going to be listening to the beast.
That was one of our chronic regulars.
I've been recognized as voice, but I don't think so. Why do you know Miguel?
Believe it your son.
Son arrives.
Hey, by the way, H.A.C. Scalars.
Yeah.
Okay, like I said, the colors are done.
567 last call for calls here on this Tuesday last chance.
560, 0560, 0560 on EAT&T.
And Verizon wireless line.
There are no material. There's no question about that. Here's Dear Field. Hello.
And now, yes, sir.
The Lions coach decided in overtime to give the ball to the team. That's how they lost the game.
I see. The guys in the game.
Well, see, I hate to break the news, but since I do have the package, the NFL package, even up here,
with all the other important games that were on interesting games,
one of the last games I'd even pay any attention to who would be two turkeys like the Detroit and Chicago plan.
Well, the story of that was at the idiot who gives the other team the ball in overtime, you know.
The guy who wants to lose.
What do you think about the dancers right now? I know you want to talk hockey, but I think I know they're only getting ties,
but they're coming back at least and not laying down and dying, sort of speaking.
I think they're playing a lot better than I thought they would.
Somebody called about this yesterday, which may come as a shock to you, but I actually had a hockey call.
One of the day, I guess, is what we can take like vitamins.
Yeah, like a vitamin.
And they're playing a lot better than I thought, but there's just too many youngsters in the organization.
They should have kept a couple of the veterans and maybe they'd be like, you know,
instead of just on the outside and the edges of a playoff spot, they might really be a legitimate contender.
But this, you know, I give Keenan credit. He's got Yoke and in playing great,
and the kids are playing a lot better than we thought.
The goal pending is sensational, but I don't know.
And I'm going to tell you something. The league is in big trouble.
You know, the Bruins, the Bruins head, and their Bruins are having a sensational season
or first place by a mile in their division.
They had two games in a row where they had announced crowds to about 10,000 people
that fewer than 10,000 people in the Fleet Center.
I know you're not into like the fantasy sports and stuff, but on the hockey,
it is pretty cool if you play that because you could trade your players,
and I know you're into it.
You're in hockey, but I'm just telling you, I didn't get in there.
I tell you, it's cool.
Who are Yoke and is a freaking, is one of the best playing players?
You know what that reminds me of?
Fantasy sports is like a step away from golf.
But if I had that much time on my hands and I'm not bored,
it's time to wait for Corbin, you know what I'm saying?
What do you think about that Bozo Cash Novelies?
He did that guy in Miami, the center?
No.
Oh, he made some kind of bet with him a few weeks ago,
and now he'll subsequently call the NCAA,
and this guy may have a problem playing the center for the Kings.
I know you've never really pushed your heart, but...
He made a bet about one.
He made some kind of deal on the radio like if they beat Florida,
he'll cook them dinner or something,
and somebody called and complained about it,
and now they're investigating it, do you believe it?
I think I have a page for it to get the hell, the rap fishmore.
Listen, Harold's got the worst website in the history of mankind
to try to find anything in there,
like looking for a needle in your ass.
Well, anyway, that's...
Couldn't have a two-better team, you know?
He'll find a good kid though, because he seemed like a good guy,
but thanks for the good news.
I know.
So, yeah.
That's that castron over for you.
I wonder if he's still coming around sucking around for a job on our station.
That was the rumor.
Every year, three or four years, this starts again.
I guess when his contract comes up,
comes sucking around, he sends PD-Linny around calling me and the...
Oh, geez.
Twice, not once, but twice, I had calls from PD-Linny.
I guess he wants to be his agent or something now.
Paul Castronova is not going to be working on WQA,
okay, mark that down.
Write it in indelible ink, right on your ass right now, okay?
I can assure you of that.
20 to 1 at 560 WQA,
and when you shop for quality footwear,
what name comes to mind immediately?
If not sooner, Brandy's, you've got it.
At Brandy's, you'll find the biggest selection of men's and women's shoes,
the best service in town, and the best prices anywhere.
It's an unbeatable joint, which has already been around so long.
We're talking about not some off-brand shoes.
We're talking top-quality names, like rock ports,
SAS, Spirys, Timberlin, Naturalizer, and lots more.
With their humongous selection, you're never going to hear,
oh, sorry, we don't have that style in your size.
They got it.
You want it, they got it.
Brandy's is open daily night at 9 every Sunday 10 to 5.
You'll find them at 1290, North Federal Highway and Pompo-no Beach.
And like I said, all the way around, for service, selection, and price,
Brandy's is always unbeatable.
For example, right now it's time to buy rock ports this week.
Pro walkers are only 4990,
and say 20% on all the great men's and women's rock port styles,
only this week at Brandy's in Pompo-no Beach.
Like they do, oh, we're supporting you 5CC.
You way up.
Stop us at nights!
Just something about it.
When I inhale, it's like, wow, dude.
I'm kind of sucks, though.
I'm gonna seed pops in your eye.
It's a real bummer.
If you just roll it tight, I'll put that baby to my flame.
Now I'm a glassy-eyed timber lake,
and funny things go through my brain.
Ask me what happened one minute ago.
Bye, bye, bye!
Don't remember.
Take another trophy.
Ashes make light shows.
The falling embers.
Come on over and let's light a bone up.
The stuff I bought off this guy was only a...
You thought you were really faking sink.
Pro 46 and 560 WQM, the Mad Dog coming up at 1.
This is great, somebody.
Thank you for factoring this to me.
Somebody just factoring the Ottawa citizen.
Climb advisor calls Bush Idiot.
A media advisor to the Alberta government is apologized for referring to George W. Bush's
that idiot in an internal memo commenting on the controversy over senior federal aid who
called US President Amoron.
On the heels of an ill-conceived remark that almost cost a liberal official her job,
Edmonton-based media-worx West was scrambling to apologize last week for using equally
pejorative language about the US President.
The memo sent by email to the Klein government's communications staff,
referred in capital letters to that idiot George Bush in its assessment of last week's
controversy.
In a follow-up memo, company vice president Jodine Chase apologized for what she called an editing
ear in the previous email.
Media-worx West provides the provincial government's public affairs bureau, its communication branch,
ongoing summaries of news coverage through its media monitoring service called Scrum.
The public affairs bureau falls under Premier Ralph Klein, an update issued at 1 p.m. Friday
read, New, Cretch and refuses resignation of his communications director and says there's
no evidence Francois Ducro used the word moron to describe that idiot George Bush.
Ten minutes later, the company issued a correction and two hours later it circulated in apology
under Mrs. Chase's name.
Media-worx West and Cerely Regrets are editing ear in today's 1 p.m. Scrum.
It was completely unintentional and the result reflects exactly the opposite sentiments of our staff
Mrs. Chase wrote in her apology, George Bush holds a BS from Yale.
We know what that stands for and an MBA from Harvard cannot be fairly characterized as uneducated
or unintelligent.
Mrs. Chase will not comment on the exchange.
How do you like that?
So not only is he a moron up here in Canada, but he's also an idiot.
Oh!
They're on to him and have been for a long time just like Western Europe.
They're all on to him.
Oh!
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
That lady that was going to be our next just hung up.
How do you like that?
They do that all the time.
No patience.
Bitch.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yeah.
That investigation on our Womber is over.
There's nothing.
There's just a little bit.
The Womber calls the cash and over back and calls him die.
He can't take him up a dinner.
So he's got the cash and over, bite him over for dinner.
But it shows the NCAA has nothing better to do with the car.
What a bunch of childish crap.
They are.
There are a bunch of giant cashers over there.
In addition to the way he wants to have a dinner with Castan over anyway.
Okay, have a great day.
Paul probably will be reaching across the table eating all your crap.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Didn't he tell you that when you saw him at the Saga last year the night?
What?
Exactly.
Exactly.
He's a storyteller.
You know.
Like that.
That's Castan over.
And he's looking for a job of QAM by the way.
Frantically he's got people out there calling me.
Got only notice how many other people PD Linny is going to make calls on his behalf.
Probably chief channel is one to make some cutbacks, more cutbacks.
Gotta keep cutting back, cutting back at that bottom line up there.
Good luck to you Paul.
You'll need it.
Here's Pinecrest.
Hello.
Yeah, good afternoon, Uncle Linny.
Yes sir.
Yeah, I'm trying to find out.
I've been using anything about this from this morning.
This is far from the junkie on SBA agent.
Yeah.
You didn't hear anything about it this morning we talked about it.
I'm sorry.
All right.
The message.
Well, what do you want to say about it?
I mean, that's one of your take before you know you're the man.
My take is it's a disgrace.
That's my take.
It's an absolute disgrace.
Okay.
That's my take to.
Okay.
Take two in call this in the morning.
I mean, what other take is there to have unless you're one of these people out there?
We're always covering up for people in law enforcement.
Can we ever convict any cops?
No.
Rarely, very rarely.
And you'll notice right off the bat the FHP jumped to the conclusion in the beginning of that case.
Right off the bat that all must have been the brothers were driving the wrong way.
Couldn't be one of our people even though it was a little.
A little on the tipsy side alleged.
At any rate, that's just the way it goes in the West of A.
There's justice for this one and justice for that one.
Like Al Pacino said, they all should go straight to F and jail.
There's no one he said something like that.
I can know.
This is sports waiting for Bixie.
You way up.
It's David with Miami Town.
At Bixie Toe WQM.
Pro 55, BQM.
The ladies back in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil.
How are you doing?
Okay.
I'm sorry, I'm a little nervous.
This is the first time I've called you.
I discovered you about three years ago.
And you must be some sort of God because if you can put up with these supposedly grown men
that call you continuously all day long with their idiotic noises and comments.
Yeah.
That's not bad.
That's not bad.
I mean, that's what we have to choose from down here as women.
So it's pretty bad.
But, um, oh, and I also just wanted to tell you that I think you're wrong as far as your female audience
because as far as I know there's a lot more than 10 people.
Maybe 13.
No, no, there's more than that.
But that's all I had to say.
I'm glad I got through it.
And I just don't know how.
I mean, I can hardly stand listening to them.
They make, you know, it's just a waste of time.
And like I said, they stay on hold for 20 minutes to two.
But the good news is yesterday was payday and the check is in the back.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
The NCAA is cleared, Miley Center, Brent Romberg of any wrongdoing, stemming from a
Betty made with Paul Castro and Ova of Zeta earlier this season.
And Yadi, this goes on like, this is a real story.
Okay, thanks whoever facts this.
But who gives a crap?
I'd like to say that before.
If the NCAA, if that's the best they got to worry about, then screw them.
