And where are you?
Why are you bursting?
Yo, yo, yo, let's break bowl now.
Here's how the first UN inspection team may be greeted by Saddam Hussein.
Hey, I used to know, and I'm cherry walk-on with you when nice beaches.
Hello, hello.
Here's my partner over here at E Twinkle's Reynolds.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, what's the problem?
Edward Reynolds.
Does it matter?
I hate when you do that.
Welcome to my castle.
Thank you very much, we've had...
I'd like to take a look around.
Absolutely. I have no condition whatsoever.
So, however, you may look out on my...
We're going to take a look right over there in that office, Darry right there.
Right in that area.
Well, that office, we're going to need to take a look in there.
Don't look in there.
I mean, you're good, but there's nothing in there but my old record collection.
Jerry!
Don't look over there!
Oh! Don't look over there, Darry!
All right, all right, all right.
Jesus, please, you came across on it.
Don't go over there for heaven's sake.
There's nothing I'm hiding anything from.
Are you okay?
I'm fine, I'm feeling a little woozy.
I calm down.
I'm a little woozy.
All right, calm down.
Sit down right over here.
Get out of our way.
Thank you, Andy.
Thank you, Andy.
Edward.
Andy.
Edward.
Let's set those kitchen cabinets up.
No, you think it's your government?
No, you're not looking to think it's your government.
What's wrong?
No, you're bad.
You said, you're being a brick over a dish.
Oh, we don't want to break no dishes.
No, brick over a dish.
All right, there's bricks.
You want to look over here in the...
Edward, Edward.
Get Edward, Eddie boy.
Get, get, get.
See, I'm jewelry box over there.
Oh, I don't believe what's all.
No, look at this.
You want to be a jewelry box?
Please, scared me.
I have a lot of red, but personally, you know, like, kind of...
Why?
It can be kind of...
Oh, it's neck on the Yacht space.
Got his hand on the scale.
Yeah, it's an existing red there, right?
Andy, any way you want to look, you can look.
That's Edward.
I'm going to cooperate with you with you, lighted nations,
so you don't glove the bum on me.
Right, well, going to the dolly being woozy.
Sir, would you leave the room for a second?
I want to get behind you.
I hate the room.
Can you just slide over?
Absolutely.
Just let me get it right over here.
I can't drive to see him back of me.
I just want to look and see what's all I can.
Can I just...
Can I just...
Don't go back to me.
Can I just...
No, don't go back to me.
What is this over here?
No, just go over there.
Boy, you move fast!
I'm like a cat.
Oh, yeah.
I'm like a hot, tedious...
Roof.
Yeah, it's getting hotter in here, buddy.
I'll tell you something.
I hope you find what you want.
Now that's all.
No, we're not done yet.
Oh, yes.
Andy, we'll look at you.
I have the battery.
Andy, look at...
I have the battery.
Andy, take him out of here.
I'm Edward.
I don't get...
I have to make the poopy.
All right, Frank.
I'm heading back.
I'm heading back.
All right, come back.
I'm heading back.
I call off an eight-pooling.
All right, we'll be back.
903 at 560 WQI, I'm happy Friday, too.
You know what?
I forgot to mention so far.
I mean, not that we've been on, but...
I'm advance and walk you...
Right.
Get the organ grinder cranked up.
Great line there, Mo.
Not...
Pretty weak.
Anyway, I want to thank the fish,
who is one of the chronic cars on our morning show,
which believe me, they need all the help they can get.
Because he called it and they said he got to admit it.
And he said that stuff that Neil Rogers has planned about.
He was pretty guy, damn.
And the fish, you got to work on your...
You got to work on it a little bit.
But he was doing like a takeoff on that.
And the Mo, I guess, was a little bit too slow on the air.
Take to understand that he was...
Like making fun of him a little bit.
And then, of course, he launched into the whole thing about,
well, I haven't listened since my birthday, which was June 3rd.
I was at June the 3rd.
And by the way, I wouldn't know, but you have to be a trained monkey
to listen to that show.
And then we had a rumor from somebody in our sales department
that some dark, complexed caroler called in,
which is about 80% of those audience, by the way.
Maybe someday somebody will show them how to switch the dial.
But at any rate, and he took great exception to that,
it sounded like that comment by Jimmy, the Greek, you know?
Jimmy the geek, yeah.
And who was the other one?
And then, of course, Howard Cosell, that little monkey, Alvin Garrett,
that little monkey, that sound like a racial thing to me.
Maybe we'll have to look into that.
And anyway, thanks for the plug, Mo.
He was not close to a plug when he said
to get the organ grinder cranked up.
Yeah, that's absolutely...
No, at least he's getting ready for the show.
Thanks a lot, Mo.
He's listening up a little bit.
I knew he would, just a matter of time.
Yo, yo, yo.
Before he loosens up.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Of course, I guess when you get raped that many times,
you do loosen up.
But anyway, rape is not funny, by the way, George.
Oh, I know.
So quit y'all getting it up.
We have 962 votes on our poll from yesterday,
which we'd have a lot more than that, except for the fact
that we're going to apologize to Eric,
wants to apologize to anybody who tried to vote
desperately this morning.
You know, like a lot of people were going to work, I would think.
And they click it on and see what the result is.
And they want to, like, cure when they're a penny and a half.
But they couldn't get on there for, like, all morning,
until about what was a quarter to nine.
So we'd be over a thousand more, not for that.
And of course, we don't want to, like, show up anybody,
so we don't want to go over a thousand.
Do we have a weekday poll?
That would be bad.
It would be, like, showing off.
Although we did go over a thousand that day,
I asked about the job you did last summer.
This past summer.
Yeah.
And some of the votes we've been real on that poll.
Anyway, and see, I don't know if there's any bogus votes on here,
or not, you do.
But I think if you check all the polls, this president is popular.
I know that's a very scary thought.
I know.
And by the way, you haven't even given a chance to say,
we'll show up only over their eyes.
Because the American public, which he anticipates,
how do you think you got in the first place,
besides stealing a thousand extra votes?
Like buying lots and lots of money and cheating and cheating.
Right. And lying and by hooking by crook,
but nevertheless, it was good enough for Kennedy.
He got in by cheating and lying.
Kennedy's had all that money.
See, basically, we think we're not a monarchy, but we are.
We have two royal families.
We had the Kennedys, which they're on the way out.
And now we've got the bushes who are back in.
Oh!
The Bush people.
962 votes.
If you had a chance to recast your vote for the president in 2000,
what would you be doing?
I vote the same.
I vote for Al Gore.
And I got to head it to those people.
Boy, you got some real balls.
You know what?
Because even as wooden and as terminal as he is,
he is just pathetic.
482. Oh, look at that.
We just had a change.
482.
Oh, 968.
You know something we will get over a thousand.
You want to know why?
Was that?
Because today's poll isn't going to go up for quite a while.
Hey, sit back and relax and enjoy your breakfast.
It's okay, Eric, because our poll today is going to be work in progress.
Anyway, 482 would do the same as they did two years ago.
They vote for good ol' Al Gore, born ol'
I vote the same for Bush, 202 in spite of it.
I didn't vote in 2,134.
13.8%.
You people ought to be horsewhip.
We're going to get what's your name?
Mary Jane, Mary Ann, Marilyn Tugod.
Madeline, Madeline.
Madeline Tugod and her goddamn mugcases, her Irish tinkerers.
We're going to come to your house and beat the stout out of you
just because you could have made such a big difference.
All we needed was another couple of thousand votes.
I mean, the difference was 500 and something, but you know, that wouldn't have been enough.
But I think if we had like about another 10,000 votes,
that would have been enough to put the girl with the top,
which we didn't want, Gore, we just didn't want Bush.
Gore was just the anti-Bush.
Anyway, I voted for Gore, but now I vote for Bush 71.
I voted for Bush, but now I vote for Gore 28.
So the Bushmaster picks up 43 there.
I vote the same for Nader 23.
You know something?
When we're finished going to those people who didn't vote in with them,
we're going to go to the people, the stubbernator crowd.
I mean, what would that possibly prove?
What would that have come with me?
I'm at a loss.
Other than these are a bunch of stubborn, shmidhead people.
They're both easy.
I'm almost there.
I know.
Now, well, seriously, how can you still vote for Nader?
Anyway, I've voted for Nader, but now I vote for Gore 14.
And I've voted for Nader, but now I vote for Bush 71.
So there's a net gain of seven for Big Al.
So let's see, 43 less, seven is 36.
And then I voted for Big Canna, but I really meant to vote for Gore.
That's the Palm Beach crowd.
We got seven of those.
Now that's a prize you.
So Bush picks up a net of 29 in our survey here with 968 votes.
And a way to go, because like I said, today's poll will be a work in progress.
You know, I wasn't even aware of this story, but Paul, thank you, Paul.
I'm not that she's got anything to do with it, but that story about Sodom being pushed into exile.
And he's saying, I don't think so.
It's in USA today.
The United States and some of its Arab allies have begun a quiet effort to defuse the Iraq crisis by persuading Sodom to yield power and go into exile.
And he's saying, no.
And initial overture came in August when, see, you know, if he just leaves the keys to all those oil refineries, that's all we care about.
And initial overture came in August when gutters for ministers suggested to Sodom that it consider stepping down to avoid a devastating war with the US.
Sodom angrily told the guitarry diplomat to leave according to three Arab diplomats.
The feeler was part of a strategy to see whether Sodom faced with defeat and possible death in US invasion would follow other dictators who fled crisis and gone into exile.
Now, they were saying on that CNN thing this morning, oh, well, what country would take him in? Are you kidding me? He'd be on a French Riviera in a half an hour.
North you think? I think they never met a scumbag lunatic that they didn't like not so far.
It's unclear whether the US Arab states initiated the guitarry overture.
And in fact, as a matter of fact, didn't he build that nuclear ranger that the Israelis blew up with the help of the frogs? I'm sure he did. It came from France.
It's unclear whether the US Arab states initiated the guitarry overture.
Administration officials made clear this week they could accept such an outcome as an alternative to war, but the administration does want to appear to be the originator of the idea for fear of killing a chance that Sodom would accept.
A senior state department officials speaking of course on the condition of strict anonymity.
Doesn't know what we had at the Steve Evans House in Davie.
But anyway, or isn't that Todd Dreck said that although continued freedom for Sodom is contrary to US official policy, it's a scenario we have to come to terms with.
He said the US still would have to deal with elements of Sodom's regime that might remain in Iraq. Well, there you go.
So there's a little possibility. It probably isn't going to happen, but there's something something to twiddle around a little bit.
Now, here's our poll for today. Oh, and we also tell the audience about a great job that our salespeople did.
Should I? Of course they got a trip out of it. They deserve salespeople are ice holes. They deserve kudos, but you are an idiot.
Well, they had the monumental task of selling that summer, you know, and they know that's right. I forgot about that. That was part of the whole package.
They had a sell out the summer show while George was on it.
And I saw some of those logs, you know, because I actually did do a few shows this summer a couple of one some and it was pretty packed. There were a lot of spots on there.
They made budget two months, those two months, made budget both those two months. And as a result, our sales department is getting rewarded and they're getting sent to Vegas.
For how long? I don't know, two hours for like a weekend, something like that. They're being all slept out to Vegas.
And I'm suggesting I'm just want to plant the idea kind of suburbably that maybe they just might take a time to rack up to the top of the stratosphere.
Oops. Oh, there goes Todd. Remember what a good guy he used to be there. And of course being about two feet tall like he has been a little a little piece of dirt.
He wouldn't even leave like a mark on the strip. You know what? And that would be it. Oh, look at that. Somebody there's a there's a chocolate and.
Oh, no, that would be a who was Troy Stratford be a chocolate man. There's one of them dangerous white ants on the sidewalks. Somebody just step on it. That'd be the end of him.
So here's our poll question for today. If you could program your TV to block out one person, who would it be now we're not saying some of the suggestions you said came in on the facts since yesterday show.
I mean, it's silly like mayor Penga, Pakenia. I understand you hate him, but we've done that pull already. Okay. He don't have a TV show. He doesn't appear on TV except on the news. And he's small potatoes. He's small potatoes like Todd, Greg.
We're talking about people who pop up on your TV like all the time that just nauseate you that you don't want to see there again.
If you could program your set to block out one person, I mean, I've made a short list here so far. Brand or cross, which I think lately he's ought to be on your mind. Dr. Phil.
And then of course, be out of shadow of it out. I think there'll be a lot of people who would say Oprah and then Jesse Jackson. George W.
Bush. Larry King. A lot of people don't want to see him in those nasty suspenders. Martha Stewart who's got more tourists by the way. Yes. Emma LaGassi.
And then this morning I'm watching. And they certainly not news that were puts on there. The obnoxious with his docky teeth, Richard Quest. Oh man. Doesn't he have docky teeth? Yes, he does. He is the most grotesque.
He's everything that we hate about the Brits is right there in that in that package. Richard Quest. He beat the best. So that's the list so far. And I'm sure we'll add to it. What we should. I'm sure we will.
Although I got my vote. And which is that? Oh, W. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Well, even after he made a friend of the overture by saying, good morning. I don't know what's wrong. What do you want from him? It's like Moses.
I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I
I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I
I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I
think it's 20 what's 20合 false.
20 what's 20. However, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, too, too, too, too, too, too, too, too, too, too.
II, too, dist unlikely of you guys talking about the losing of their
objective, like a nine- tactile level of skill there. That's a huge oxygen player, such as a skill player. But a frog trainer who is not
he can. You know, so you have to work with him like a
Yeah, he is he's looked really good. So it's not easy for Chad to just get a lot of playing time on offense
But because Lamont said and Lamont maybe has as good a hands as anybody on our football team
Now I use them on kickoff returns back with Chad and so that's a pretty good pair that we have there
And then he go of course alternates in and you know helps relieve Curtis a little bit and then Chad comes in in some special
situations
Well, we'll see you down here the third week of the season. Okay, Hank. It's early this year
Yeah, yeah, where we go. Yeah, well, maybe I don't know
There are wondering when they're gonna beat the jets around. Yeah, I was on both sides of it
Hank, I don't have it figured out. I just hope it stays the way it is right now
Hey, Mike. Thanks so much for coming out before to seeing you. Okay. Thank you. Thank you
Thank you, so my quest off joining us here on sports radio 560 QAM
Hey, it's how it how it David
Mr. President I hear that you're hung like a hamster
One size is not at all. Yeah, but they say you've only got an inch never less an inch is better than nothing tonight on
I heard that you got one of those penile extensions
That's seen it felt it's not needed
My 18 at 560 is basically we're gonna take on side of blow. We need every inch we can get you know what I'm saying I
Think we ought to do an interim pool
You might leave you speechless. No, I'm on the phone. I'm a phone with who?
Eric oh, well, that's good. It's good you're on the phone with Eric see it's a psychic thing because Eric wasn't aware of the fact
I was gonna do in a room pool that we're writing it down and so that we can fix it to him
You're writing what down the pole no, no, you don't understand. I just got through saying see you're like to obsessed with him
Forget about him. He ain't on the air. Okay. He's small potatoes
We're gonna do an interim pool because we're putting the other one together the other one is a work in progress
So rather than wasting time on our website. I got a great interim pool. Okay inspired by my good close personal friend the fish from this morning's
Mojo, huh
Yeah, this is good stuff. This is an important pool
Let's see and I'm gonna let's put it together right here under here the mo bits now. They're gonna know what I'm talking about the mo bits that Neil plays
Are got it got it no bits of hope as our the best
Very funny
Okay
Week or disrespectful
Huh, that good great, okay, here we go. That's very quick
Well, I'm gonna put together a pool man in no time at all. I'm a pool man
The mo that was good good bit for both of Brian
Huh
I'm a pool man. I can hear it right now the mo bits that Neil plays are the best
Very funny. Okay weak or disrespectful
Because you know, there probably are some people who feel like right we're like maybe overdoing it or something
Okay, so that's our interim pool and then we'll work on the other one
Look at this little leeway. I want to thank whoever facts me the Molly Ivens article which already had her column
But unfortunately whatever I downloaded from the right hand column like clipped off
So I wasted 10 minutes this morning sitting here like writing in handwritten
I mean because it wouldn't print you can't set it and then have some of these things that don't have printer friendly format
Which is always pisses me off you just can't do that even if you set it on your computer screen that has nothing to do with the
Whatever follow what I'm saying. Yes
So anyway, I wasted all of that time and low and behold here's the article of pristine without my little
Stratches on it. Yeah, just like that like frickin magic. That's an old man, baby
He's just gonna be a great weekend and the
Patriots will kick ass on something that often will kick ass on Sunday
Oh brother who did often plan this week by the way. Oh, that's right. They're playing at Kansas City. Uh-oh
Uh-oh
Well, I'll tell you one thing right now since I try to be fair if they actually went out there and play a good game
I'm gonna give them credit then I'll be start to be a believer because they beat three real pansy teams so far
They beat three little girl teams three teams that probably could have had a tough time beating long beach state or temple
Or one of those little teeny tiny little girl schools that the hercones pick on every week
By the way hercones and piper high this weekend
So Molly Ivan's rights mr. Bush not wait man better take a look at the final thing on this before he gets
Cocky under 982 votes. Let's see 43
Less 7 is 36. I did it to margins. They the same 29 so Bush picks up 29 votes. We declare him the official winner now, okay?
Even though you don't like it
I don't like it. I don't care if you're lucky tonight. I don't like it either, but that's the way it is
Okay, like when these polls come out and give him like 65 and 70% approval rating
You think I like that, but that's the way it is. That's America, baby
Zined America as the Chinese say
Molly Ivan says mr. Bush not the insanity
No, this is not acceptable. This is not the country we want to be. This is not the world we want to make
The United States of America is still run by its citizens the government works for us
Rankin, imperialism and warmongering are not American traditions or values
We do not need to dominate the world. We want to need to work with other nations
We want to find solutions other than killing people not an our name not with our money not with our children's blood
I really years the word we because it's so arrogant for one citizen to presume to speak for all of us
But on this one I know we want to find a way that killing is the last resort not the first
We'd rather put our time energy money and even blood into making peace than making war
The national security strategy of the United States
2002 is repellent unnecessary and above all impractical
Americans are famous for pragmatism and we need a good dose of common sense right now. This will not work
All of the experts tell us anti-Americanism thrives on a perception that we are arrogant that we carry nothing for what the rest of the world thinks
Even our innocent mistakes are often blamed on obnoxious triumphalism
The announced plan of this administration for world domination reinforces every paranoid anti-American prejudice on this earth
The plan is to guarantee to produce more terrorists even if this country would have become some insane
21st century version of Sparta armed to the teeth guards and every foot of our borders
We still wouldn't be safe not only would we not be safe
We wouldn't have a nickel effort schools or health care roads or parks or zoos or gardens or universities or mass transit or senior citizens or the arts or anything
Roads and resembling civilization. This is nuts
This creepy
Un-American document has a pedigree going back to Bush one when
Surprise digtany and Paul Wolfowitz were at the Department of Defense in those days
It was called defense strategy for the 1990s and was supposed to be a definitive response to the Soviet threat
Then the Soviet threat disappeared and the same plan re-emerged as a response to the post-Soviet world
It was roundly criticized at the time its manifest weaknesses attacked by both right and left now
It's back yet again as the answer to the post September 11th
Sort of like the selling of the Bush tax cut needed in surplus needed in deficit needed for rain and shine the plan
Exist the part from rationale as
Francis Fitzgerald points out in today's New York review of books
It's most curious feature is the combination of framphalism and almost unmitigated pessimism
Until last Friday when the thing was released and it's in its new incarnation
It contained no positive goals for American policy not one now the plan is to trick that with rhetoric like earrings on a pig about
Extending freedom democracy and prosperity in the world
But as the New York times it it sounds more like a pronouncement that the Roman Empire or Napoleon might have produced
It is it's it in in what is indeed a dangerous and uncertain world
We need to cooperate with other nations as never before under this doctrine
We claim the right of first like use of nuclear weapons and unannounced preemptive strikes
That means surprise attacks happy Pearl Harbor day. We've just proclaimed ourselves bully of the world
This reckless hateful and ineffective approach to the rest of the world has glaring weaknesses
It announces that we intend to go in and take out everybody else's nukes whenever we feel like it
Meanwhile, we're doing virtual nothing to stop their spread
Last month headturners nuclear threat initiative had a pony up five million dollars to get poorly secured weapons grade uranium out of
Velgrade privatizing this armament
Why didn't we think of that before the final absurdity is that the plan is supposed to stop change
There's no one in the administration read history
Where it's indicated commas Mary Ivan Molly Ivan whatever the hell is nice going Molly
Come on she can do a little better net come on. It's here for Molly
That a better girl that a boy whatever
Oh, I know I wanted to play
That
Anyway, okay, let's see the best I'm sorry. We got our mini pull up. This is just an interim little pull here while we're working on the other one
Are we getting any faxes on the other one? No, no they can fax in 650198 305 65019 fax in one person used lockout, huh?
I'm big from big Arnie and big Arnie chronic faxer. Yes, Al Sharpton
Good one. Yes, excellent Al Sharpton with Jesse Jackson can be honored. We don't want to be discriminating Al Sharpton's good
Crank up the organ grinder for real. I'm sorry
26 past nine at five sixty WQM with your busy lifestyle you need all the energy you can all the help to thrine staying good health
Especially in that heat and humidity. I understand it's still
148 degrees in the shade and humid is there look at tropical swamp
So why not start popping some olio met in your pus real soon
Olio met is a great new product contains all kinds of good stuff for you the best olive oil
The peers you'll find anywhere along with vitamins and minerals and aerobols to promote health for all different parts of your body
It is one product designed to help your heart one to lower your blood pressure one for your cholesterol one for your prostate
All in such a little capsules that like I said you just pop in your ugly pus
They make one product for your circulatory system one for your digestive your endocrine system your skin and bones even your mind
All using the benefits of the best olive oil known to man and olio met makes products for men and ladies as well
You can pick it up all over town more and more people are using olio met now
You find it at whole food markets wall greens
Sedan was an of our pharmacy and speaking of Walgreens watch out in plantation you were on Monday, right behind Walgreens
why
Pizza lot baby
For more info call olio met tool free at 1 866 olio man
That's 1 866 olio met which you can also order their most prestigious website if you like it olio met America dot com
Local your sports radio 560s you a you a
Friday you bastard
Oh
I
my all like arama no
a lot of what I got means on my nose nobody knows that under my clothes I wear
pantyhors but that no mean that I'm gay if you think my arms have had your
to see my legs I might as well keep on smoothing shave to show a little
clasped the next time I'm raking it I could go to a surgeon but that gives me
the shivers I would not want to walk I'm looking like Joan Rivers where am I
I buy a the beast the fat little freak I get him a paper now we can't afford
the meat the reason I dismissed that stinkin' fantastic is because he wouldn't
shut up and he can't play conestin' I saw the talker open it nobody talks when I
wrap I wrap and you'll talk make look at me I'm a thing done daddy man I'm
really dead I buy her any one I want I don't care especially if they make me flip
my wig made her smelly green hair I get tired myself and even happens to the
greets Westwood once said you'll get out of here or else we break your legs so now I
sit by the bull life's as good as it gets with my paladin cocktail placing
bets on the jets paradise paradise I don't kiss nobody's ass in paradise
I'll be shoving out the screwkins when I get the chance but the greeners aren't
ready with my lime green pants how long does it take?
I'll be calling the plate it was just a little thought so what I let this
day that's funny one another selling funny I can do what I want her
management loves me gonna tell you something oh something you ought to know
but along his time I wanted you to be my home you I might die pal now I'm
straight help out who's the video don't take no for an answer
that's not you
that's it
I'm 303 and 560 WQM okay look at that we got 40 votes already in our little
many interim polar the neal the mobs and you'll plays are the best 12 very
funny 11 okay seven weeks six and disrespectful for four four I don't
you feel bad about what about the fact that you were like playing the combs
there on it last been you're a part you're a party to all of us hey if you can
play an instrument you got to do it
that is magnificent anyway so we got our little interim pole there and we're
not getting any response on the other one right no no we got one good one
now sharp one was good the kid from the Dell commercials oh Steve from the
Dell commercial whatever's name is Steve in parentheses from the Dell spots
Dell computer spots did yeah he makes me say I would agree and you know another
one who wish you know who this is Carlos knows who this because he loves
and commercials Billy maize okay no idea from the orange clean and he he was on
the shopping channel I was channel surfing the other day and he was on a
home shopping network and he was peddling at orange crack yeah she said oh
believe it on for 12 hours now aren't you ready to pass out on on here you squeeze
that squeeze that he's he's squeezing all over the place squeeze near oranges
everything get his hands on Billy maize what do we put in parentheses orange clean
okay huh don't know who that is anybody commercial orange clean
infomercial but that's a long thing but Eric can handle it got lots of space on
the site Eric got a lot of room on that website because he's under under a lot of
stress he's under tremendous pressure after you guys yesterday were
threatening take away a part of his livelihood that that was that was very cool
now that was disrespectful that was disrespectful I was bad
that was really bad you know by the way it's orange glow not orange clean no it's
so orange clean it's orange glow yet's oxy clean and orange glow well orange glow okay
what there's the man who know his orange glow I know and you know something see I
went through that phase two but after you see like Ron Popeo for the 600th time and just you know
our machine here's our machine and here's another machine and you can go by those flimsy
machines but our machine and not only that but how many of them stupid little chickens you want
to cook anyway you know 100 oh god 61 votes on there the mull bits that neoplases are very funny
uh 20 20 said that the best 19 that's 39 right there that's 64% okay 12 just uh okay okay see
the people let's say okay we always have to put a category on for those people because they don't
want to go overboard they don't want to give you like too much praise for any yeah that was okay
that was an alright show but they uh it was okay fair at a week a week six and this
respectful still only four so let's see four screw in Greg Moe and guilty have voted four
I'm not I'm gonna read this just cold is this okay is this dirty this a little joke that you just
asked me let's read it was the end of that time during Sunday morning service for the children's
sermon all the children were invited to come forward one little girl was wearing a particularly
pretty dress and she sat down the patrolling over and said that's a very pretty dress is it your
Easter dress the little girl replied directly into the patches clip on microphone yes and my mom
says it's a bitch to iron alright thank you very much though killed about 10 seconds thank you
if you could program your TV to block out just one person who would it be so far we got Brian
or cross dr. Phil Oprah Jesse Jackson George W Billy Mays the orange glow air glow in from a
a commercial guy Larry King Martha Stewart Emma LaGassi Richard Quest with the donkey
ass in the donkey teeth and the and the donkey breath yes Al Sharpton and Steve from the
I'd like to beat him with a two by four right after we finished with Todd Dreck but we don't have
to worry about Todd in fact right stratford promised me this morning that they're taking him on
little surprise trip to the mg to the New York New York you know where they have the on top they got
the thing no they have a thing the roller coaster right there was no New York New York when you
were in the construction we got to sit by the pool and watch them built in oh and there was no
Venice and there was no Paris and there was no nothing or you better go back one of these days in
fact maybe if you talk real nice to the ship to the screw and go back there huh sure some naked
pictures of something like that maybe that plenty that plaster mold we have a Royce penis maybe
a square might say let's take little Georgia long on a trip because we know that he worked so hard
to keep those ratings up during the summer even though it didn't work but we know he worked very
hard to try to do it anyway you have this is from the international news this is hysterical
U.S. to have military superiority because it's very special you following that no well
wait till you're this the United States should maintain its military superiority in the world
and keep other nations from challenging it because it is a very special country atop White House
official said late Wednesday the U.S. is a very special country and that when we maintain the
position of military strength that we have now we do it in support of a balance of power that
favors freedom said national security adviser kinda liza rice appearing on PBS as the
news hour with Jim Lehrer she made the comment as she defended a new U.S. national security strategy
that was unveiled last Friday and it lays the foundation for preemptive military strikes the
one that Molly Evans was talking about that Molly was tearing her hair out at the roots the strategy
also declares that Washington will not allow any other country to retain military superiority or
even parity with the U.S. we just won't stand still for it the documents been rally criticized
at home and abroad as they claim to the West dominance in the world why said that it's
quest to maintain its current military status the West did not want to act alone and welcome
military contributions from other like-minded states but when it like little underlings you know
but if it comes to allowing another adversary to reach military parity with the U.S. in a way that
the Soviet Union did know the United States does not attend will allow that to happen the national
security adviser be saying because when that happens there will not be a balance of power that
favors freedom she stressed there will be a balance of power that keeps part of the world in tyranny
the way the Soviet Union did the national security adviser be saying how do you like that so
anybody else out there wants to like try to compete with us well guess what but I'm being that's
the end of you okay don't mess with us don't try to get close to us don't be developing no
anything or we'll come and get your ass so we have a new American effing way how do you like that
thanks again am I good friend the fish i'm sure he's voting on this thing because he said
several times he said that he likes it even if we are munching around a little bit what's wrong with
a little bit of munching around huh you know what we ought to get what for when I come back I think
it would be hysterical if I got one of those little organ grinder things will work on that yeah let's
get one of those and then every morning we can grind our organ right there at nine o'clock man it
was we do the transition that really was kind of like a promo that was the first there was like at
least recognition that I'm alive nice going there mo you're listening up just a little bit
so yeah I think the thing I really got to him is the fact that we let out of the closet the thing
about his wife wearing the jets cap and the stands see for example like rumors devorce
of the panthers on TV right has been since they won if peril my good close friend his wife was
wearing like a Columbus yellow jacket straight jacket blue jacket cap and the stands I don't think
that would sit very well the organization if I don't I'm saying it would be bad style bad bad idea
and if like riverhead verico's way into which I don't know if he doesn't I don't want to know but if
he did and he painted him like yellow or like say white and blue like the maple leaf colors and
here he's the panther brown caster I think that would go over like halva in china not too big
I just I could be wrong about that
941 at 560 wqm happy friday 2 it's a great this has been quite a week you know what I told you
that Monday tonight this is going to be a monumental week I had a feeling in my bone I just I
just knew it is there still anybody out there alive who isn't playing at vip sports book.com
any of you degenerates then you better get get get with it a lot of ads are on here these days but
you need to do some research before you put down your hard earned cash at some unstable third world
sports book like in Costa Rica where they are doing it with like 10 year old kids let me help
you out VIP sports book.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watch
dogs they're Dutch based and one of the first online sports books Dutch based I mean like
over there you're not having sex with 10 year old kids they're just smoking the joy we're
enjoying for it we're warming up anyway if you want to go on a roll of a lifetime you want to be
with the best sports book in the world and that's vip sports book.com by the way when you call
these people or talk to them online be sure mention giri sarners name they will laugh their ass off
football season is in full force the paper is going to win their fourth and row the Sunday against
San Diego and need to be with the best VIP sports book.com open your account online and that means
you get you a 15% extra cash sign up bonus then I mentioned they got the highest parliage you'll
find anywhere in the world and they do up to 2001 incredible so get over to vip sports book.com
and plunge in a book with some serious fast call toll free 1 866 vip bets that's 1 866 vip
bets and don't forget if you want to sign up online to get that 15% bonus it's vip sportsbook.com
where you do be the VIP.
my
where of exploding balls.
mother i feel you have stayed your perfect reputation
but you're still small.
all shackled up in the transport bus.
mother i feel full of your insider information has landed here inside the tubes.
mother your true.
you
see the handcuffs are done your hands as they take you away.
and you're all alone at the thick of it since you have missed a better one around you.
lady girl.
ma
k
be
Now that gets gone, we won't get dipped on, grading the lawn.
This is a good list by the way from Sean.
Yes it is.
See the chronic factors are coming through.
Sean and Hollywood says, obnoxious TV people shepherds Smith.
It says, this poof is obviously Rubber Murdoch's boy toy.
Every time I see him bubbling his lines on GOP TV, I hit the button off so fast it
crashes to the back of the TV console.
He is amateur or will be an embarrassment to the amateurs.
He's seven steps below that.
Jim Rome, Deon Sanders, Bill O'Reilly and Condoleezza Rice.
Good choices there.
I'm going to put them all on list.
Okay.
We had another one on Bill O'Reilly by the way.
Okay.
Bill O'Reilly, how could we leave him off?
See the reason I don't out of sight out of mind because I don't have Fox News up here.
Thank the Lord.
Thank him too.
113 votes in our mini pool.
We'll start the other one at 10 o'clock.
Okay.
I think we got enough here to get going.
We can always add on to it later.
Keep Eric on his toes.
On his tippy toes.
Can you see Eric on his toes?
In tites in a two two, I don't think so.
Just a joke here.
Just trying to lighten him up a little bit after yesterday.
You guys threatening him with like a distinction.
That was bad.
That was really, of course, here's Carlos coming in there and you're giving him encouragement.
He's like, you know, just hovering over like a vulture.
Just waiting to pick up the pieces of the bones of the chicken bones that Eric leaves
behind.
I'll tell you one thing.
You'd be fucked.
You'd pork up in a hurry, man.
If you just picked up the droppings from his entry, oh, that's bad.
113 votes on the pool.
What are enthrale droppings anyway?
You don't want to know.
The moments that Neoplas are very funny, 38, the best 33.
That's changing again.
122.
40 say very funny.
The best 36.
Okay, 23.
So that's 70.
That's a lot.
Week 14.
And this respectful, nine.
So let's see.
We got 18%.
That's our usual 18% of negative.
Whatever it is.
The number I always give 18%.
Yes.
Yeah.
So 82% like him a lot.
I don't think I have any of men there at the moment.
What's that?
Oh, see, I don't have any of men there right now.
That's good.
Anyway, Richard Goldman.
And I read one of Richard's letters to somewhere.
I was just reading.
Maybe it was on Tompaine.com.
Richard Goldman is the noted author and speaker of military and political history from Florida.
His latest novel, The 95th Regarde of the Government scandal, and cover up in 1945 of
the 95th Infantry Division, is Duoden's full publication early 2003.
So he sends me an op ed piece that he's sent to the Washington Post that they're going
to use next week.
So we can preview it right here.
Thank you, Dick, Richard and Carl Springs.
Tailgoner George is the heading.
It says like Senator Joe McCarthy wanted us to believe that there was a communist under
every door to create publicity for himself, raised the political rhetoric in this country
and turn a country against itself.
So too in 2002, we begin to see the same problem commence once again.
The current president, not like Tailgoner Joe, sees a terrorist under every door, under
every cover, and under every country's door mat.
By turning up the rhetoric, by calling Senate Democrats un-American and not concerned
with the safety of America, GW has turned the clock back to full scale political rhetoric
and tried to divide not only Congress, but the American people as a whole.
Never beat that's whole with a W.
Never before in this country's long political history, we had a president use war in the
threat of war as a political tool game to Congress.
Wilson was thrown at WW1 by controls not of his own.
Roosevelt, while aware of the Japanese threat, was still caught off guard by his isolation
of tactics when first Japan attacked the Pearl Harbor and then the axis of Hitler and
Mussolini declared war on the US and Europe.
Truman and Eisenhower put their collective noses in Korean Vietnam, starting off a chain
of events that culminated with the unwise Gulf of Tanken resolution by Johnson.
Even Johnson didn't wrap it up the rhetoric for a fierce own empire would fall from protest
back home, which is exactly what happened forcing him not to seek reelection in 68.
To buy the excuse of the current president that we were attacked and must defend our
homeland for we were never attacked before is morally reprehensible, politically repugnant,
and his children of history knew too well, false on its face.
When the Japanese Empire attacked Pearl Harbor, Merck and Soil was entered and destroyed
in a single moment the Japanese changed forever the balance of the world as a whole.
When the attacks of September 11, 2001 commenced this was done not by a single nation and
other people, but a collective effort of individuals were trained in one land, financed
by another, and sent to kill civilians for no reason other than to kill.
The US has a president who continues to try to sell his war on Sodom who saved the
American people, calling him a terrorist while still cobbling the likes of Saudi Arabia
and other terrorist breeding American-aiding countries all in the name of friendship read
closer oil interests.
My fellow Americans we are for the first time at Crossroads where an administration is
willing to go out on its own to fight an enemy that is weak, poses little or no threat
to this nation, and in typical war-mongering fashion now uses its own nation's people to
turn against one another.
The current president also tried to example World War II in his rhetoric on how this nation
must go to war with its enemies just like 1941.
Perhaps the current president forgets or never learned that in 1941 the US went to war
on a world scale, having first only focused on Europe.
The Pacific theater in the Japanese came about as a result of such issues as the steel and
oil embargo imposed on the Japanese and other isolationist moves by the West or the Japanese
people.
Right or wrong the Japanese miscalculated America's response to their response which was
out of desperation.
The Japanese needed the steel and desperately needed the oil, further the trade mistakenly
responded with aggression, hoping to wake up the US further into further assisting
their people and ending the isolationist game.
It's not bad enough that we've already established this administration's isolationist
war-mongering imperialistic and most fearful, having the ability to ignore and spite its
worldly allies.
Now we're faced with a new type of tail gunner Joe, one who was so far removed from reality
and fighting his father's long ago battles that rationalistic sense no longer is at the
forefront of his conversation, but sheer hatred of his perceived enemies for an end domestic
R.
Why such a golden thanks Dick.
Oh and then of course this is a nice start with this, you know.
Probably because we're always off to such a slow start every day because the organ,
you know the monkey can't always get that organ grinder thing going fast.
He's got to have like two or three fiends so it gets enough energy to do it.
The big masala mistake George and I discussed this briefly before the show today.
Pretty amusing in a sick disgusting grotesque embarrassing way because it's more of the
same.
From CBS News, the judge presiding over the trial of the only man charged so far in this
country in the 9-11 attacks reports a serious US government blunder.
The justice department is still unclear how it happened but somehow as many as 48 documents
that official now say should have been classified were inadvertently turned over to terror
suspects, Zacharias Musawi or is that securious depending on how you're pronouncing it
this week.
Musawi is part of the discovery process and is upcoming trial according to court records
released yesterday.
US district judge Lee, Lee and the Brinkama who is presiding over the case called the
mistake a grave security breach.
Musawi's been acting as his own attorney, a potential death sentence case in which he's
charged with being a part of the 9-11 plot.
He's been reviewing paperwork in his Alexandria, Virginia's cell.
The classified documents were given to Musawi.
The only person charged in the West for the hijack plane attacks on the World Trade
Center in the Pentagon by mistake over the past few months as part of the evidence turned
over to him by federal government prosecutors.
The classified documents which were FBI summaries of interviews then had to be retrieved
during several days of searches of Musawi's jail cell in Alexandria, Virginia, where he's
being held in solitary confinement awaiting trial.
Despite their hard work in finding effort, the Marshall Service could not find two of the
seven documents.
Unfortunately, one of the remaining two documents is the most critical of the seven prosecutor
Robert Spencer wrote, it wasn't clear whether those documents eventually were recovered.
Maybe he ate them.
It's not clear if Musawi ever saw them in the matter of material he's been presented.
They just as department officials said the government was quite confident that Musawi
never read the documents.
As CBS News correspondent Jim Stewart reports the papers have since been retrieved, but
the government now says it's begun a damage assessment study to find out not only if
national secrets have been compromised, but how something like this could happen in the
first place.
You know how something could happen like this in the first place?
I don't know.
It was stupid.
Easy.
That's the word.
It was easy.
Don't say stupid.
Okay.
Okay.
Don't say stupid.
We know all people will be like, think we're disrespectful.
But you're disrespectful.
I'm like, you know, an upstanding guy.
You're just a disrespectful little spec.
We know that.
140 votes on our mini pool, which is going to disappear from there in a second when we
get to the real one.
The mole bits that Neo plays are very funny.
49.
This is out of 140.
The best 41.
That's 90 already.
Okay.
25.
Say they're okay.
Week 15.
And disrespectful 10.
God damn it.
What's wrong with you, man?
This respectful.
So that's that.
That takes care of that.
So the overwhelming majority.
What do we got like 90?
And I got a lot.
They like them.
Anyway, it's 9.56 and 5.60 WQA.
I'm on the right spot or not.
I'm like all over the place here because I feel like I'm on doggy uppers.
We have so much ground to cover before the sales department goes out to Vegas and drops
Todd Dreck off the top of the stratosphere.
Oh, man.
I know something I'd have to be there to see it.
Remember yesterday I said I'm never going to Vegas for that.
I'd be there.
Hey, for years now you've been here.
Me talk about diets, food and how overweight most of this country is.
You've also heard about the great Atkins diet and how it works.
Well, the place to shop for all your Atkins products is still the leader in the diet
industry.
The lights of West Boka.
Can you imagine a little low carb, no fat delicious scoop of ice cream on a hot day
like today?
How about over a thousand low carbon, no sugar products is ready for you to taste because
it delights away.
Spokas.
You can always try it before you buy it.
And at the light to 25% off all Atkins products all the time from candy to cookie snacks,
breads, vitamins, delights away.
Spokas got it all with more great stuff arriving daily like the new controlled carb brownies.
They just got in for all you brownie hounds out there and for delicious flavors like peanut,
coconut, classic and cherry and they taste like your grandma's recipe.
Man, I can just imagine you can you actually try some on Monday, huh?
All right.
I can just see it now.
The lights of West Boka on the Northeast corner, Glades and Fort Fruits in Boka, they're
open till 10 seven days a week.
Glades and 441 like I said, call tool free one 877 low carb or check them out at webbedlowcarb.com.
The lights of West Boka with the staff full of knowledge to put you on a path to losing
those unwanted pounds.
Check out all the great stuff right now at Delights, your official Atkins diet setup.
My and lobe.
This is Fort Fruits, 60.
Way to way.
Oops.
Huh?
Oops.
Look at this.
It's 9 o'clock on a Sunday night.
And I'm gonna watch HBO.
There's some dumb show about a funeral home.
Way to Tony and Big Pussygo.
I've had to wait over a year and a half to see if that Russian guy is dead.
But when I turn on the tube, I'm sure getting screwed.
Because they're sure we're all listening to dead.
Gumbah, Gumbah, da da da.
Gumbah, da da da.
Where the hell are the sopranos man?
I've waited too long for this thing.
I wanna see Holly and Silvio in the back room of the fight of being.
Gang up.
It's been so long since the last episode.
There's so many things I forgot.
Jit Pony, get whacked.
It's furious, smoke and crack.
And as Tony still sails us to guts.
So I pick up the latest TV guide.
And that's when I stop feeling fine.
They got HBO's bringing back the day goes.
Each and every Sunday and nine.
Holy season for the sopranos man.
Good thing they're bringing it back.
If I had to wait even one second more.
I'd have my cable guy wax.
Forget about it.
Forget about it.
Just relax.
Okay, Sunday night's piano is B.
There will be square.
I'll be square.
I'm not going to go on.
We hit a bit on Billy Maze, didn't we?
It seems that I've played it once and I'm looking and I'm looking.
I can't find a guy dancing.
You know what I'm talking about?
What was the meat of it?
Yeah, I mean, what how did it go?
I don't know.
You're not going to find it there.
We don't have it in the thing.
It's a new thing.
Oh, a new thing.
You ain't got no new thing.
So how did that other pool wind up?
157 votes.
See, I don't think some of these people really even understand what we're talking about.
The mo bits.
You know what I mean?
That's okay.
I mean, forget about it.
Mo.
Makes it most fun.
The mo bits in the old plays are very funny.
53 the best 44.
Okay, 29.
Week 20.
And this respect.
Roll 11.
Oh, geez.
I feel pretty bad now.
Don't I?
No.
Anyway, here's the pool.
Here's the new pool.
Get this on it right away and get that other crap off of it.
It was just interim.
That was just to kill some time while we are.
Perfected this one.
If you could program your TV to block out just one person who would it be?
Brian or cross.
Dr. Phil.
Oprah.
Jesse Jackson.
George W. Bush.
Billy Mays.
The orange go in from Urshold guy.
Am I going to go too fast, you think?
Sorry.
Bill O'Reilly.
Shepherd Smith.
I want to give you a kiss.
Larry King.
Martha Stewart.
Emma LaGassie.
That's going to be interesting to see the way Eric spells some of these names.
I'm not giving any assistance.
You spell them however you want.
Richard Quest with a gorilla teeth.
Al Sharpton.
See, Dachran and who Richard Quest is.
But that's okay.
The ones who do know that believe me.
They'll be falling over to the get to their computers.
Steve from the Dell computer spots.
Hi, it's Steve.
Jim Rome.
I don't know about Dion Sanders.
I mean, a lot of people are like, I don't think he qualifies.
You think?
No, what am I going to do?
Forget about him.
He's small potatoes.
Jim Rome or kind of Lisa Rice.
We also got a late suggestion for Carrot Top.
Okay, from those commercials.
Okay.
Carrot Top's good.
Although I do like Carrot Cake.
Don't you love Carrot Cake?
It's great.
Oh, well, I like frosting when it's really good and sweet.
Mmm.
When it's like real, real moist, you know.
I think where they have good Carrot Cake is at Pompano Park.
You know that?
I do idea.
Now you do.
As a matter of fact, Pompano Park opens tonight.
I just mentioned that.
Is there a spot on for them today?
It would probably be a good idea, but probably not, you know.
Because we don't have any appeals.
Oh, that sales department.
Send them to Vegas.
Put them in a guide.
They put them in the desert and don't give them a map.
Like, well, Frankie would say, God, give me a break.
Pompano Park opens tonight.
They resume live racing.
715 post time.
A lot of good stuff going on.
I might even give them a free spot, you know, just because they're so nice to me.
And they have great Carrot Cake.
Dining Room doesn't reopen until like the middle of October 16th, I think.
You know something?
I actually happen to have that right here.
Isn't that amazing?
I know people are one here just spots and stuff like that, but this is something I'm enthusiastic about.
Can I do that?
Here's the green sheet.
Here's the green sheet.
And it says October, it doesn't say.
Oh, yeah, here it is.
It opens October 16th.
The top of the park says Florida Dining Room.
But anyway, racing is back at Pompano Park tonight.
And go there and just punch your guts out.
Just take a big sack full of cash.
Speaking of upcoming things, join Georgian Carlos.
Tomorrow from 111 at Bill Sydles Boulevard of Savings in Miami.
Just west of 27th Avenue on Northwest 36th Street.
Stop by for our usual very low budget QA and prizes.
And free food from our close personal friend Ira and the other guy at Atlantic City Sembswear the bread.
And Ira make the difference.
Tomorrow 111 at Bill Sydles.
And they're going to wait as soon as Georgian Carlos walk in.
They'll say who's them guys?
Who the hell are you?
Yeah, who the hell are you?
That's what they'll say.
And also, if that isn't enough to what you're appetite for some real excitement this weekend,
come by the Castaway seafood company located on the corner of University in Griffin Road.
Monday, September 30th, that's just coming Monday from 6 to 8 p.m.
Georgian will be there also as he started to really make the rounds after a very, very mediocre summer.
I mean, a great summer filling in.
George will be there with a Q and prize van in as Miguel got to be in that one or what?
Oh, the car will show up for some free food.
And Carlos will be there and Miguel also anytime there's drinks specials, Miguel will be there.
Get him drunk and maybe you'll get lucky.
Who knows? He's not choosing. He's Cuban.
Anyway, in fact, that's quite a trifecta we got.
George, Miguel and Carlos, we're going to have three spicks there Monday night at whatever that places.
What is it?
A castaways.
I got it. Just relax. Okay. Don't be interrupting here.
I got everything at a control.
Yeah.
Man, talk about hyper and hysterical. Just calm down.
You're a little bit on edge lately.
Probably because you haven't got that rest of that bonus yet.
The rest of it.
Or you haven't got any of it?
Or the first of it.
Just relax. How about my Panther money?
My check did finally show up yesterday at day late.
Do you think my Panther tickets money is in here yet?
No.
No, that's the word.
171 votes. Here's the final tally before Eric finally gets him out of the other one.
Did I read all the stuff?
Carrot Top was the last one.
Come to Lisa right.
Should read it again real quick because I wrote this list out.
Okay. If you could program on your TV to block out anyone person in the world who would it be?
When in doubt block them out.
Brand Norkross.
Oh, it's coming back by the way.
Brian is striking in again.
He's the kind of guy you'd like to hit with a fly swatter.
You know what?
And that's what all would take.
That's going to be our poll question Monday.
Can't ask us much.
You a Brian or cross or Bill Kamal.
The weather ferries.
Brian or cross.
Dr. Phil Oprah.
Jesse Jackson.
George W. Bush.
Billy Mays.
The orange glow infomercial guy.
Am I going too fast?
No, you're fine.
You should have these by now.
Bill O'Reilly.
Shepherd Smith.
Carrot Top.
See, Shepherd Smith.
I mean, he's the epitome of Fox News that were absolutely bush league.
I mean, at morning show,
what those giggling idiots and that sports guy who's also a news guy who's an expert on everything in the world.
Now, the whole thing is just so bizarre.
Bush league.
Shepherd Smith.
Carrot Top.
Larry King.
Go leave him out.
Martha Stewart.
Emerald Gassy.
Fam.
Richard Quest.
Al Sharpton.
Steve from the L.computer spots.
Jim Rome and Candeliza Rice.
Candeliza.
That's it.
Candeliza.
Candeliza.
Please.
Go away.
Go away.
Candeliza.
You make me nauseous.
Talk about a lightweight.
But she used to be one of the headhunts who was at Chevron for several years there.
And the Cheney and George W.
Who started out in the world industry.
All these people have OIL just ties them all together.
You know what?
That's why they're so slippery.
They've got lots of OIL.
There you go.
Those results are off.
We're not going to be disrespectful anymore to Moa on this show.
Okay.
There were 11 people I feel bad about that.
Plus, he's starting to make cost to come out and it's about dancing monkeys or stuff like that.
That's not good.
I mean, it's one thing to have this feud that is one side of feud.
That he created because he's a hard asshole.
The decade.
That's one thing.
But it's another thing when you start being disrespectful to your colleagues.
You know what I'm saying?
Yo, yo, yo.
Let's rape.
Oh.
So I don't think we ought to be playing that anymore.
And I especially don't think we ought to play.
No, no, no, no.
Because then that fish guy will be calling him up every day and going on.
Oh, you got to admit that Neil's pretty funny with that stuff.
Fish.
Thank you again, fish.
But we're not playing any more of that stuff on this show.
No, no, no, no.
Are we?
Huh?
Oh, that's right.
I forget your non-committal.
You're such a pussy.
Such a wimp.
Such a worst.
Here I just get you reading two of promos for these bogus deals he's got on the side.
So we can pay his guy, damn, bookie and his drug guy.
Now you don't see that guy in Davy, do you?
That Todd knows?
Nope.
You know what I mean?
Steve and Davy?
No, never lip in it.
Oh.
Todd has, I guess.
So that's the rumor.
Anyway, you know, I'm going to get that Todd wreck.
I'm going to, I'm going to just, when I get back there, I'm going to take a red hot poker
and shove it up his neck.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
I'm going to get that.
There you go.
There you go.
Pizza loft, which you know and love for so many years now,
there on University Drive and Broward between Griffin and 595
and in Prestigious Pizza loft Plaza right beyond Pierwon imports
and Kitty Quarterly Armandolo Cafe with all that tons and tons of free parking.
Pizza loft is opening a second location in Broward.
Now it's unbelievable, but it's true.
And it's right behind my favorite wall greens.
Excellent spot.
Well, I guess it could have been a better spot in terms of seeing it from the road,
something like that.
But an excellent spot because once everybody knows about it,
they'll be pouring in there.
Trust me.
Say hi to Marcy at wall greens and she'll point it right.
In fact, you'll look through the drive-through window there right for your drubs
and the prescription thing in wall greens.
And she looks right out the window and there's pizza loft signs
during or right in the poise.
Don't worry, Marcy.
I'll take care of you.
Hey, Jeff, take good care of Marcy.
Of course, he's going to have 50 women coming in there saying,
oh, I'm Marcy from wall greens.
I want a free meal.
And all he'll have to do is say, oh, sorry.
Can't accommodate your Marcy.
The room is just left.
Anyway, every Monday at the pizza loft is Lasagna Night Tuesday's Eggplant Night.
And of course, by one of these days on these nights,
get the second for only five bucks.
I wonder if they're going to have all the same deals at the new pizza loft, you think?
I'm sure they will.
And you know what else I wonder?
I wonder if they're ever going to tell us.
Now, who inherited this account?
Oh, guess who's accounted is now.
Oh, could it be Scott?
It probably must be Skippy.
Since our good friend Brian Schmuss has gone and he,
they gave him all of these great accounts that Brian had.
Nice going, Brian.
Not that we needed Brian for the pizza loft.
Anyway, they got delicious Italian goodies.
They got your chicken dishes and veal and seafood.
Fuganza pizza, three different kinds of great pizza, calzone, super subs, great garlic rolls,
delicious food, big fresh portions, teeny tiny prices, a great place for you and a whole gang.
For takeout, for delivery for catering call 954-916-8880.
954-916-8880, and don't forget, big day coming on Monday.
Yeah, I think America's second drum roll is so big.
It's huge, it's gigantic.
It's monumental.
The brand new pizza loft in plantation opens Monday, right behind Walgreens on the corner,
now behind plantation, in that little joint over there.
Find a local, this is five cities, the radio's on yours now.
You and...
Why the, you bastard.
I'm not a real pizza, I'm not a real pizza.
I'm not a real pizza, I'm not a real pizza.
I'm not a real pizza, I'm not a real pizza.
I'm not a real pizza, I'm not a real pizza.
I'm not a real pizza, I'm not a real pizza.
I'm not a real pizza, I'm not a real pizza.
I'm not a real pizza, I'm not a real pizza.
I'm not a real pizza, I'm not a real pizza.
Now get upstairs and brush your teeth.
Now get upstairs and brush your teeth.
Let's stick that toothbrush underneath.
Let's stick that toothbrush underneath.
Rub sex.
Rub sex.
Nice sex.
Nice sex.
Nice sex.
Just sex.
And just when you think that you never get here, all of a sudden they're with Boba.
Did you hear that thing on that spot?
No, it didn't.
You weren't paying attention to that spot about how Boba outlawed her as interviews this broad,
and married one of them and ended up... what?
Oh, there's another one for the poll.
Oh man.
Barba freaking walla.
Okay.
Eric and Adlet, Barba Walters, we still have time.
We just got some preliminary votes coming in right now.
The new poll is up on eorongers.com.
Did you get the facts for?
Let's see if you can throw in by the way.
I got it right.
You're just out of control, man.
I got it right here in my hand.
And the facts too.
Boy, you are just psychotic.
He's starting to get like the beast now, you know?
It's a lot to copy this, Lord.
George W.
Five.
They like to program him out.
Steve on the adult computer spot.
Hey, man, it's Steve.
He's got three.
Dr. Phil's got a pair.
Ophor's got a pair.
Jesse Jackson be having a pair.
I voted for him.
And we're just getting some preliminary votes.
It just popped up only moments ago.
It's from my good close personal friend, Lynn Wrights.
Now, why does she keep emailing Boka Brian?
Because he actually answers his emails and looks at his emails.
No, but she says she can never get a facts through to us.
Why is that? How is that possible?
Well, I don't know.
But anyway, she says Ed and Coeter to the poll.
Absolutely. Good choice.
And Coeter's on there and who's the other one we just put on?
Barbara Walters. Barbara Walters.
Thanks, Lynn. You're the best.
And thanks for all the good stuff on your website, by the way.
Let's see. Here's this. I can't have time to read this yet.
Anyway, for the poll, let's see.
Jim.
Okay. This is disturbing.
I better get back to doing my stuff here.
You know what? I'm starting to get sidetracked.
I feel like I haven't talked about anything worthwhile.
I'm about a half an hour here.
Other than I'm just respectful.
Well, tough crap. Okay. Tough toity.
How do you like that? Fish likes my stuff.
If anybody else out there don't like my crap too bad.
School board votes to a lot of creationism in class.
You know where what state this is?
Every. No, even worse.
Jojo.
Jojo. He would have surprised me.
I wonder how Ray Charles is doing.
He's still alive. He's still alive. Any.
Jojo.
A suburban Atlanta school board last night voted unanimously to allow teachers
to introduce students to different views about the origins of life among them.
Creationism.
Boy.
The Cobb County Board of Education, the state's second largest school board approved the policy change after limited discussion,
calling it a necessary element of providing a balanced education.
The boards vote through cheers from some and expressions of this may from others in the packed meeting room.
They were packing it.
This supposed victory by proponents of alternate theories was shallow.
Very shallow said Jeffrey Sellman who opposed the teaching of creationism in schools.
We're going to be watching this very closely.
As Sammy Davis would say, we're going to keep our eye on it.
As Colombo would say, Peter Falk was on biography the other day.
Wish I'd seen it.
Pretty good.
The board's decision pleased Michael Gray a Cobb High School junior.
I had to do a term about evolution and there were just things I could disprove or have alternate reasons for.
I want my brother and sister to be given the option not told it's the absolute truth.
Right, Jared Gray, what Michael ever your name is.
High School junior in Atlanta.
Oh God.
A lawsuit filed last month by Sellman in the ACLU prompted the board to reconsider its policy.
Sellman who was a son of Cobb School sued the system because Sellman and High School science textbooks include a disclaimer,
telling students that evolution is a theory and not a fact.
He argued that the disclaimer was a stepper introducing religion in schools, which of course as we all know is unconstitutional,
released wasn't until this president came into power and his fascist supporters.
Some educators agree this is an intrusion of theological views into the classroom said,
why at Anderson Dean of the Franklin College of Arts and Sciences at the University of Georgia,
what our students need to learn is science.
And he is absolutely correct.
Cobb School officials took another look at the policy and discussed the mending it to include other theories.
Said board member Lindsey Tipens.
Yeah, like somebody made it out of green cheese.
How's that? That's my theory.
The new policy said drops of provision borrowing the district from teaching views contrary to family values,
which he said have been struck down by the courts.
We're just cleaning up an old policy.
Tipens said, who had that officials don't want a forced religion thought on religious thought on students.
Right. Larry Taylor, where street student in Cobb County School says,
he doesn't advocate creationism, but he believes evolution should not be presented as the only acceptable theory.
It's not a theory you ask.
All it's a fact you idiot, you simple and you mugwomp you,
Joe, you mugwomp, but the sniffer.
There are a lot of things that could go after but you know, especially in your case.
Evolution has not been proven said Taylor, who joined the debate over what should be taught in Cobb schools
after reading about the ACLU lawsuit.
There were a growing number of scientists who were skeptical about Darwinism.
The debate.
Three.
Those are real scientists.
The debate of teaching, oh, as a matter of fact, evolution.
I saw thing the other day about antibiotics and how ineffective they are because of the fact that we're over antibiotic.
You know, and all these new strains keep evolving.
And there's an example of evolution happening right now in your lifetime.
Right before our eyes, you can see it under the goddamn microscope in the laboratory,
with or without Dr. Frankenstein.
How do you like that? There's evolution.
Shut up.
The debate of teaching about the origin of these species is not limited to suburban Georgia.
Oh, how educators and parents are still over teaching intelligent design.
Intelligent design.
I guess they never were Q.A.M.
Which theorizes that life was designed by a higher power.
In Kansas last year, the State Board of Education voted to restore the theory of evolution of its curriculum,
which had been removed in a controversial vote two years earlier.
How do you like that?
Jojo. They're doing it in Jojo, baby.
Jojo on our mind.
Oh, better get this Howard Stern thing in here and what's his name?
Jeremy Shockey.
Okay.
New York Giants, Rocky Jeremy Shockey.
Apologize for comments about Gays, mate, two weeks ago during an appearance on the Howard Spur radio show.
During the 9-10 interviews, Stern asked Shockey if he thought there were any gate players in the NFL.
If I knew there was a gay guy in my college football team, I probably wouldn't, you know, stand for it.
Jeremy Shockey would ask if he had gate teammates at Miami.
I don't know Shockey said. I don't like to think about that.
I hope not.
The star, tight end, was also active in a gate team, meets its University of Miami.
No, I mean, if I knew there was a gay guy in my college football team, I probably, you know, wouldn't stand for it.
You know, I think, you know, they're going to be in the shower with us and stuff.
So I don't think that's going to work.
On Thursday, Shockey apologized for his comments saying he was trying to be funny and it wasn't his intention to offend anyone.
It's just a show for comedy.
Shockey told the New York Daily News.
I guess I don't, I do regret saying it.
He regrets saying it because it blew up in his face.
That's why I didn't think any, because he ain't no, what's his name, Rigi White?
I didn't think anyone was going to make a big deal out of it.
I'm not pretty juiced against anybody's beliefs or what they do in their off time or how they get off.
I do regret saying something like that.
Whatever I did to offend people, I apologize.
He said, I'm not pretty juiced in any way.
Sid Ziggler, I think that's the name of the, the facts is screwed up here.
The president of outspourts.com, a website for gay sports fans and athletes that published the appartial transcript, said he didn't believe Shockey's explanation.
Having heard the tape and heard the tone in which he said it, I know he liked the tone.
So we don't believe it.
Sid Ziggler told the newspaper.
There was not an ounce of joking in it.
How is it what he said funny?
Someone doesn't believe those things, doesn't say those things.
Someone doesn't have a problem with gays, just doesn't say, I hope there are no gays in the NFL.
If I'm a gay player on a steam, I just took another step back into the closet.
The giants apparently were not happy with Shockey's decision to appear on the stern, showing the first place.
And the team's vice president of communications, Pat Hanlon, said the tight ends views don't reflect those of the organization.
And he believes Shockey's sorry for the comments.
It wasn't funny, Hanlon told the Daily News.
If Jeremy Shockey tells me it was for poor, I'm going to tell you what I believe him.
But let's put his comments in perspective.
It's how it's spurn.
It's not 60 minutes.
It's not a form on the sociological issues of our time.
I thought that Howard Stern did a show on the sociological issues of our time, huh?
That's right.
I thought he was an angry prophet announcing the hypocrisy of our time.
We're supporting you 560.
You a yeah.
Fred, give her a hand.
And Gold there is a party girl slut.
Party girl slut.
Party girl slut.
And Gold there is a party girl slut.
Party girl slut.
Party girl slut.
Party girl slut.
I'm her bad!
Hey, Dark Fred!
That's these hat...
...it's great, isn't it?
That's these hats!
That's these hats!
That makes sense!
That makes sense!
That makes sense!
That makes sense!
Addrabo.
Addrabo.
Addrabo.
Addrabo.
Addrabo.
Addrabo.
Addrabo.
A来了, smoked star!
And on top quiver, you want more?
All this lady is what I'll give you
She's got a book to read about slanderin'
Nobody knows more about slanderin'
Out with a big scoop about anyone
To the left of Mangala, such a good christian girl
You wanna strangle her
Fontyplicating who she's hating
Political pundits, intensification
From on the law and masturbating
A Republican's can't keep hold
She's a better relishin' more
Making liberal as dirty one
You know, in a many search, you know
And culture knows what they can be
In a many skirt that spells fishy
She's a tall drink of water on the side of a large dollar
With a back alley hook
You'd be like your broad scholar
If you got the money, she'll spread those legs
With a scissor in and a shard in the name
And culture and culture
Political pundits, the angel of the right energy
She laid!
I don't see her on a poll, but I'm sure Eric is working on that right now
As we speak
And culture?
I don't think we ever got that far
What do you mean by that?
Did you actually say put that on there?
Yes, I did
See, I think you and Eric are like, uh, who got the same illness
Maybe you caught it over the phone from him
Hearing it
Non-compass penis
Anyway, 92 votes, Richard Quest and Amar Lagassee and Shepard Smith
They don't have any yet
What do you think they're gonna feel a little left out
It's like insensitive
Barbara Walters and Candeliza each have one
Brian Orkross, Billy Mays
The orange glow guy
That Carlos loves, he's got a pair
A small pair
Bill O'Reilly's got a small pair
Larry King be having three
See, now that thing is changing again, I mean, I hate that
Like I said, Bill O'Reilly and Larry King
HF3, Dr. Phil's got three, Romy's got four, Martha Stewart five, Al Sharpton seven
Now we're getting to the good stuff
Oprah has got eight
Steve, the Elcomputer spot, dude
Nine, Jesse Jackson be having ten, including my vote
Who'd you vote for?
I'll see, that was too obvious
Here at Top 12, and George W. He wins all the polls, good ones bad ones
He's on top, baby
George W. is in a league by himself, he's got 27 votes
He's often running
Boy allegedly abused by Candid will not undergo evaluations
Norristown, Pennsylvania
A 12-year-old boy allegedly abused by a New York City canter
Oi
Will not have to want to go psychiatric and medical evaluations that were requested by the canters attorneys of Judge Rudy yesterday
Attorneys for Howard Nevison, 61 of congregation in Manuel, had asked for evaluation to determine if the boy was mentally competent to testify
And if there were any physical signs of abuse
Montgomery County Judge Paul Tressley, Tressler, turned down the request
I expect the child to be extremely relieved that he won't have to be exposed to these humiliating processes again
So County First Assistant District Attorney Risa Vettree Furman
Always and very nervous about people with three names
Defensive Attorney Ralph Jacobs said we were disappointed that the District Attorney is resisting efforts for information to shed light on the incredible and constantly changing story by the boy
And hearing earlier this month, defensive attorney said they thought a concussion suffered by the boy while playing hockey could have affected his memory
How about those panthers
Oh! I think they got a game against the...
I don't think home and home would tamp a bay, I think this weekend exhibition games
I believe so, I didn't hear one word
Speaking of that, I heard nothing this morning
Geldey has been declawed, okay?
I was going to say devolved, but I think that happened a long time ago
He's been declawed
I never heard one word about the panthers, about the exhibition hockey games this weekend, about the Macarena now known as the office depot home, whatever it is, center
Boy!
He is losing it
They also said they wanted their own position for example, examine the boy's genitals to check the claim by the prosecution's doctor
The defund evidence of scarring the boy has said that his uncle pinched him in the genital area, he pinched it
Nevisant has accused the sexually abusing his brother son three times between 1993 and 1997 when the boy was between the ages of three and seven
The boy earlier testified in the prosecution of his cousin and another uncle were convicted of sexually abusing him in unrelated incidents
Nevisant has free out a quarter million dollars in bail
Former California priests charged with felony child abuse and a third is sought
Two former Roman Catholic priests were charged with molesting children and the rest war was issued for a third former priest who was apparently outside the country
Michael Baker, 54, who was moved from Paris to Paris after admitting to Cardinal Roger Mahoney that he molested boys
was charged with 29 counts of sexual misconduct with a minor prosecutors be saying yesterday
Baker was one of four former priests targeted for arrest this week marking the first criminal cases in Southern California
since the nationwide sex abuse scandal erupted in January
also charged yesterday was Carlos Rene Rodriguez 46
Your kin?
No, yeah
All those Rodriguez's man
46 a former priest suspected of molesting a 12-year-old alter boy over two-year period ending in 87
He pleaded innocent to eight counts of lute acts upon a child and hearing an LAS appear a court bail was set at 400 grand
No professional occupations immune from civil authority in the operation of the criminal justice system
LA County DA Steve Pooley said in other words maybe they finally got somebody that can convict but don't bet on it
LA police also said the rest once been issued for former priest George Rucker rhymes with all day sucker
Authorities alleged Rucker had been assigned to three parishes in the LA area molested 16 women in another LA County from 47 to 79
Rucker 82 was removed by the arts diocese in April his attorney told prosecutors he's traveling outside the country
He's not a fugitive. He's just on a holiday said Donald steer who represents Rucker
You think maybe he's like in Costa Rica one of those places? Maybe he's on a Roman holiday
Maybe or he's just Roman
Speaking of sex I guess we better do this after the break but we don't want to have to rush through that
Okay, the sex story is rushed through sex
Yes mom and dad under your roof and probably they are rushing through it because it's happening in their homes
You see that thing about how these kids
No, they need to know the story but I knew all about that
No, I mean everybody knew about that and of course they spring it on us like it's a big surprise
Hey guess what mom and dad you better check what's going on upstairs you know
Oh, why you sit down there passed out in a drunken stupor with your popcorn and all your other crap
Your tostitos and Doritos and all this other artery clogging direct upstairs baby there
Right schoolynner brains out 1038 at 560 QAM
Hey, it's how it how it's fam what's that crap they played on the whole
That's power
What garbage the kids today don't know what's good like that song I'm happy I live in a split level head
You remember that how can you listen I'm happy I live in the split level head I'm happy I live in a split level head
You remember that no why am I surrounded by morons come on how we don't you call me how we
There are nothing's a point in it from you
You
You're not a battle okay that's it you're all fired
You bet stupid the movement you listen to me you're fired
You'll be that goes for you
You know who I am I'm the king of how resides
I came down here after losing my child to be a big fish in a little pond
When they kicked me off the else they and they told me don't come back again I had some problems
With wise guys who advised I moved to paradise
Boy
That's my feelings over we nine
I got you
You're all fired and I hope that you just went nice
I hope he dies and I hope you all die
I'm a big fish in a little pond to see you
A big fish in a little pond
Is anybody else sitting in me?
A big fish in a little pond to see you in a little pond
Yeah
What is anybody into any this respectful
1045 at 560 WDQM happy Friday to anyway the Michael is a cop piece from a news week that was just fact that you sent to me yes it's great
Ascrops bagged that connection but it's very long let's wait till Monday on that all right
We have a lot of other fish to fry here so it's big big fish in a little pond things like that
Why don't I'm starting to think about lunch now
It's not even 11 o'clock and you got me thinking about lunch already
Fish fry
Like that place I went yesterday where they have too much food for it was very good though but they just give you two guy damn much
So instead of getting like the gigantic bathtub full of soup I'll get like the small cup of soup
The ten quart terrain the smaller one
I'm serious you could have there are people like Todd direct that little piece of crap you could have like drowned him in that bowl
That's how big it was in fact
Something to think about yes mom and dad under your roof there's stuff going on okay
Squirt squirt
Parents wondering if their teenagers are having sex might look upstairs or down the hall
New research finds most sexually active teens first had sex in their parents homes typically late at night
The findings being released they were released yesterday should just film us the teens are most often having sex after school
When parents are still a work researcher said the message for parents experts say it's nothing new be aware of what your kids are up to
See if it's up
Kids no longer need to drive to look out point that sex that's their brown director
The national campaign to prevent teen pregnancy the data suggest the adults may be in the house
If that's the case then there ought to be like condoms laying around all over the house you know it and bowls
Junk bowls of the yeah like you got one bowl for the cookies and one for the condoms right by the time students are in the ninth grade 34%
Have had sexual intercourse that rises to 60% by the 12th grade L.C. ninth grade will be about what 15
14 now
Okay, I have a 14 year old and ninth grade
About 14 or 15
10 to 11 12 I mean how do you want to graduate 18 turn 15 during during the ninth grade sure
Or you can turn Japanese
So when we're 34% by the age of 4 by 14 so that's even more amazing that rises to 60% by 12th grade which that's 18
And guess walk parents if you ain't get laid by the time you're 18 you're just not going to get laid okay just ain't going to happen
Am I right?
I think it's a good principle in his case I'm not talking about in general
The report by researchers at child trends is based on a national teen survey that began tracking about 8,000 teens since 1997
The ages of the teens range from 12 to 16 when the survey began and researchers have interviewed the same group every year since then
The report looks specifically at the 664 teens reported having sex for the first time between 1999 and 2000
Of those surveyed in 2000 56% that they first had sex at their families home or at the home of their partners family
Another 12% had their first sex at a friend's house 9% of the teens own home
Huh?
That was me
At a teen's own home I was a teen with my own home and lots of sex let me tell you oh I see 4% in a truck or a car
3% in a park or other outdoor place and 3% in a hotel or motel 10% said someplace else like you know maybe it saw a grass
That's only if they're going to interview like the governor's kid
The findings reinforced earlier research that parents can have a significant impact on the children's decision about sex brown said
This notion that it's impossible to supervise kids is ludicrous of a lot of them are having sex in the rec room she said
Earlier this month researchers reported that teenage girls who are close to their moms are more likely to stay virgins
That report by the researchers at University of Minnesota also found that half the mothers of sexually active teens didn't realize their children were having sex
Further while the vast majority of mothers strongly disapproved their teenagers having sex large numbers of teens don't realize how their moms feel
Well, feel this
Parents need to know where the children are what they're doing brown said this is not a new idea
As for timing yesterday's report found 42% of teens said their first sexual encounter was at night between 10 p.m. and 7 a.m.
10 p.m. and 7 a.m.
That's that old-sicking in the window thing you know that we know
Another 28% said it was in the evening between 6 and 10 p.m. just 15% said it was in late afternoon between 3 and 6 p.m.
That cuts against the conventional wisdom against among parents and policymakers that teens are more at risk of sex after school said Jennifer Manlove a researcher
Childress that's her name okay M-A-N-L-O-V-E Jennifer Manlove a researcher a child trans
Research has shown that teens are more likely to commit crime during after school hours brown said but people are wrong
You assume that the same goes for sex that's right. They don't have time to be school when they're like a bus in 7-11 and stuff like that
That's her name okay Jennifer Manlove the national way to hear this the National Longitudeal Survey of Youth did not look at whether teens were having sex on a weeknight or weekend
They're longitude you know what they study how long it is yeah and it's a non-experience if they were if the parents were home at the time all of the surveys been interviewing teens since 97
It's the first year questions about where and when teens first had sex whereas as America continues funding around in the stone age
They're doing it. Oh no they're doing it. They're upstairs doing it. This is from the Washington Times hardly a bastion of liberal thinking but nevertheless that makes it even more meaningful.
Do we this? No agency disavows report on Iraq arms like it was her girl in the Washington Times by the way George W is leading by a mile our pool if you could program your TV to block out one person who would that person be if you had like a little chip.
I said I was thinking a chip. I'd like to block out Eric Astrada. Okay but luckily we don't see him no more. Oh yeah you do. Smoked his nails. Is he he's what he's doing he's doing low-brett telephone spots.
He was also peddling some quack diet stuff to there for awhile till they forced it off the year. Poor Erica Astrada man she's a wreck. George W 39 Jesse Jackson 20
Carrotop 16 Steve the Delcomputer dude 13 Oprah 12 Al Sharpton 10 Dr. Phil 5 see Dr. Phil hasn't had his own show long enough yet.
For them to hate him quite that much. Bill O'Reilly 5 Martha Stewart 5 Larry King has 5 Jim Rome. Rome is got 4 right or across only 2 now doesn't surprise you. No not really.
Hey Billy Mays the Orange Goal commercial love guy it's Billy Mays for Orange glow I got 4 million oranges here what am I going to do with him put him in a bottle and some to you.
Man you know I must be really expensive stuff because if you order like one bottle give you 600 bottles for free. Have you ever noticed that? No because of course I've never seen it.
But Carlos has noticed. Yeah I've noticed. Kind of leads a rice to Barbara Walters and Anne Coder each have one I can't imagine a vote for Anne Coder and no votes for
Shepherd Smith Emerald Gassy or Richard Quest yet I guess they haven't caught wind of his breath yet.
Joseph Carol writes in the Washington Times agency disavows report on Iraq arms the International Atomic Energy Commission 8.
I'm sorry let me get it right the International Atomic Energy Agency says a report cited by President Bush as evidence that Iraq in 1998 was 6 months away from developing a nuclear weapon does not exist.
The report doesn't exist there's never been a report like that issued from this agency mark what is out was decky the IEA he remember we're talking about him the other day and still can pronounce his name right mark was decky the IA he he spoke and said yesterday in a telephone interview from the agency's headquarters in Vienna Austria.
We've never put a time frame on how long it might take a reactor construct a nuclear weapon in 1998 said the spokesman of the agency charged with assessing Iraq's nuclear capability for the when in a September 7th news conference with
the Grand Minister Tony Blair Mr. Bush said I would remind you that when the inspectors first went into Iraq and were denied finally denied access in 98 a report came up of the atomic the IA he a that there were 6 months away from developing a weapon.
I don't know what more evidence we need said the president defending his administration case that Iraqi leaders Saddam Hussein was building weapons of mass destruction the White House says Mr. Bush was referring to an earlier IA he a report he's referring to 91 there said deputy press secretary Scott McClellan in 91 there was a report saying that after the war they found out they were in the
war about 6 months away Mr. Guadz decky said no such report was ever issued by the IA he a 91 is this I mean and you know something that making a difference that's
really not.
Many news agencies including the Washington Times reported Mr. Bush's September 7th comments is referring to a 1998 IA he a report the White House did not ask for a correction from the times to
clear up the confusion Mr. Claw and cited two news articles from 91 in July 16th story in the London Times by Michael Evans and age lie 18 story in the
York Times by Paul Lewis but neither article sites and IA a report on nuclear on Iraq's nuclear weapon program or states that Saddam was only 6 months away from
developing a weapon is claimed by Mr. Bush the article by Mr. Revan says J Davis and American expert working for UN Special Commission charged with removing a
crash nuclear capability said Iraq was only 6 months away from the large scale production of enriched uranium had two plants inspected by UN officials the Lewis
article said Iraq in 1991 had a uranium enrichment plant using electro magnetic technology that was about 6 months from becoming operational in October 98 is before
Saddam kicked UN weapons inspectors out of Iraq the IA he a laid out a case opposite of Mr. Bush's September 7th declaration there are no indications that
it remains in Iraq any physical capability for the production of weapon usable nuclear material of any practical significance IA a a director general
Mohammed El Baraydi wrote in a report to unsecretary general cofiannan Mr. Bush and Mr. Blair on September 7th cited an agency report declaring that satellite photography reveal the
Iraqis that undertaken new construction at several nuclear related sites this week the IA a said no such report existed the IA a also took issue with a
September 9th report by the International Institute for Strategic Studies cited by the Bush administration that conclude Saddam could build a nuclear bomb within months if he
were able to obtain this all material there was no evidence in our view that can be substantiated Iraq's nuclear weapons program if anybody tells you they know the
nuclear situation in Iraq right now in the absence of four years of inspections I would say they're misleading you because there isn't solid evidence out there Mr. Guazdecki said I don't know where they've
determined that Iraq has retained this much weaponization capability because when we left in December 98 we concluded that we had neutralized their
nuclear weapons program we'd confiscated their pistol material we destroyed all their key buildings and equipment he said Mr. Guazdecki said there is no
evidence about Saddam's nuclear capability right now either through his organization other agencies or any government period how do you like that huh you don't
think they're lying to us do I think they're lying to everybody no I think they're lying you're such a cynic George they wouldn't lie to us the U.S.
government would lie to us no that couldn't possibly happen not then land of the formerly free in the home of many graves right what they now they wouldn't do what do they have to
gain OIL M O N E Y those things keep going through my mind over and over again
my mind and local here's for radio five sixty two a two a a
Friday you bastard
and you're cooking my heads it's me Janet boobs a granite renal and I am hot man I am
key old just plain old hand off what the name of Sam Hill happened is what I want to know first they had trouble with
dangling chance now they got these touchscreen jobies that don't work worth a crap I think they got them from jet
blue there's some of them old ones they used to play electronic poker on I mean heavens to Betsy this is
voting it serious I know that after the week how I will beat a victor actually let me clarify I will still be Janet
but I'll also be Victor capiche I got half a mind to get my red toyota four by four pick up and head down to
Havana a load of some locals and put this thing over the tap the biggest problems were indeed in
Broward counties two of my strongest areas I mean I personally slept over four thousand men
and women in those aforementioned areas which should have secured me certain victory but instead I
got to put a hold ski on my new victory party the hammers nails I'm freaking not to mention in the
middle of this whole mess a crap one of my beans went bad on me I'll bet you dollars to
donuts had a little bastard Ili and Gonzalez had something to do with this either that or that
DM or Reno I never bought into that whole ice a toner glove dealy pad you ain't heard the last from
Janet boobs a granite Reno Florida I'm sure that 11.02.560 WQM how do you like this facts about the
Donahue and they got it wrong I don't dislike feel I even forgive him for his Ralph Nader brain fart
just feel sorry for him because he's over the hill he's weak and nobody's watching the show
oh no paper jam oh no I just had a really important facts too
just relax okay we don't need dollar let's what show is that was that the a gay gourmet
I don't know it's the lonely that was a theme song out there from one of those shows maybe
one of the travel shows hey are they still showing naked people on travel channel all the time
all right I think we do have a travel travel channel here but it's not the same one damn it
okay here's the important thing you know I want to oh sure let's put you have Cohen on here
all I can just finish this thing first sure one thing at a time since he wants to horror the show
I didn't listen yesterday but did you see the Donahue show tonight so see this is about the
Christian on companies buying up the radio stations right which I had that surround days and days ago
remember that and also so if you dump trash like me and push their Christian right wing agenda now
these good Christians want to take porn movies out of hotel rooms and next they'll buy up all the
cable companies will only get you rated movies you're absolutely correct sir because that's what they
want they want to Christianize and sanitize while they're doing their hanky-panky and speak
well he didn't wait on hold or nothing well why not what else wrong is he like busy or something
probably busy I would all his money ponytail and all the free plugs that we give him for
Christ's safe well why are you trying to get a hold of him join George and Carlos tomorrow 11 to
one and Bill Simles Boulevard of savings in Miami just west to 27th Avenue on northwest 36th Street
stop by for some marginal prizes and free food excellent food from Atlantic City subs where the
bread makes the difference and we love Ira good guy not a big fat mouth not fat fat fat fat fat
like Scott but a good guy and come by the castaway seafood company located on the corner
University of Griffin Road Monday night September 30th 6th to 8pm George will be there and Miguel and
Carlos and a bunch of other free loaders with a QM prize van for great food and drink specials too
now what is it that you're doing I give up because I could have called the White House and gotten
through to a president and if I can even hold a joke on and it was busy yeah wait we got him he's on
what is it he's on there a bunch of moves on our Jeff Cohen hello yes sir hello Neil how you doing
I'm stressing stressing about what I get in all everything ready for Monday peace of cake baby in fact
I bet your Marcy will be your first free load I mean customer on Monday we're in the kitchen right now
I'm at the new store doing prep work and getting ready are you really we're gonna have to count on
me heavily because nobody can see that place from the road I know I know but that's cool and you're
coming back to town soon anyway right couple of weeks since rain there you go we'll make we'll make it
till then it's been a battle man I gotta tell you I forgot how hard it was to do this stuff now is
that is that because of time constraints or because the city of plantation busted your balls or
what is it now the city plantation was pretty good it was really just a matter of starting from scratch and
I got messed up with a computer company that didn't come through for me and luckily there's a
local company called tentacle that did a system for me in 10 days which normally takes six weeks
because I couldn't have opened without it and so we're finishing that up today and tomorrow that's
where all the pressure is I mean I'm just saying that we're actually talking on the phone we got
the phone fixed up here and that's something we're we're making progress man in fact we're getting so
much straightened up here I might just not come back at all when you come right down with well come
back for a little while okay yeah give me a break yeah they all want a piece of me they all
want a little piece of me it's just a big deal is going to be the same there is going to same
free drugs and everything yes absolutely no worries Monday night lasagna night all that stuff
all the sorry everything about the same you know we think it's not the same year is going to be the
kids night we're not going to have a kid's night in the beginning well why is that because I
haven't lined up a magician or and I also want to make sure that everything is under control before
we start getting crazy here when you first open a lot of times you get one shot of the customer
and if it isn't going smooth and coming out the right way yeah yeah six months before they come
back again that's what yo pesky was always bitching too that you only got one shot of the customer
are we now then two or three shots at the bartender though right so let's say so it'll be open
officially for lunch on Monday open in Monday 11 a.m. seven days a week day and night we're not
going to deliver the first few days that were open once again to make sure we have everything smooth
and under control yeah you don't want to deliver no crappy pizza because that'll be right into you
yes as soon as we get that squared away then we'll start delivering well this is going to be great
I think you're going to have a tremendous response because out there by me man there's not much
there is not much at all yeah as you tell you I mean I can't say enough about this
chemical computer company because without you as I'm trying to get the guy to work over time
best of luck Jeff so anyway thank you say goodbye see you soon all right say bye if he said
that one more time that would have been the end pinnacle what is ten Kennedy sitting in the
cause of a hundred pounds that in the merits of their cause I reject this as should we all
even the time easy let me say plainly go right in I not only can see but I am convinced that the
president first believes genuinely in the course he urges upon us and let me say with the same
planeness those who agree with that course have an equal obligation to resist any temptation
to convert patriotism into politics it is possible to love America while concluding that it is not
now wise to go to war the standard that should guide us is especially clear when lives are on the line
we must ask what is right for our country and not party that is the true spirit of September 11
not on thinking unanimity but a clear-minded unity in our determined to defeat terrorism to defend
our values and the values of life itself you know the bottom of his ears are like he's like a flap
now that you mentioned you know what's there you're like flaps you know like if you're going to take
off and go into flight oh I think he's in danger of flying no 900 pounds the human anchor Ted
Kenny let him have a Ted pet a boy shoe bomb explosive found on a Moroccan airline how can we
have a talk about this sooner tell them now what was the name of that company pinnacle computer I mean
you know I understand he likes to get like that the Cisco foods people over there in New Orleans
where it is I sure hope they didn't all drown over there Jeff but man alive talk about
hooring the airways that's okay he's a good guy a little overdone there don't you think
pinnacle wasn't yes explosives of the same type as found on the led shoe bomber Richard
Reed were discovered on a Moroccan jet after passengers left the flight in the airport in eastern
France authority said yesterday official said there was enough explosive material to blow up a plane
there was no detonator attempts of the three ounces of explosive discovered in the passenger
section of a Royal Air Morocc airplane on Wednesday night after landed the Mets Nancy Lorraine
Airport according to police judicial sources speaking on condition of anonymity identified the
explosive material as Pentrite and said it was the same substance that read a British citizen allegedly
tried to detonate an American Airlines flight from Paris to Miami December 22 the airline refused
comment on the case the explosives found ones they were wrapped in aluminum foil police
and indicating it might have been in transit for delivery the Boeing 737 originated in Merrick Hedge
who did that song um press be swirls and ask yes indeed very good judicial sources said they
been unable to find a fuse mechanism needed for detonation the explosives were found between
arm rest by dogs from the custom service as they performed a routine search of the plane
anti terrorism police were investigating the final law with the counter intelligence agents
you know as the dst no connection of course to the ddt Pentrite is found on the plastic explosive
semtex which was used in the bomb attack on pan and play 103 overlocker be scouted in 1988
that killed 170 people so they had bomb sniffing dogs in there and they just to happen to come across
it i didn't hear any bomb sniffing cats did you no i i may have missed that part of the story i
didn't hear any Merrill aid cuts deal on Martha probe and assistant and Merrill lynching
companies agreed to plead guilty to a misdemeanor and testify against Martha Stewart and others
and the federal investigation of stock sales and incoherent systems last year the Wall Street Journal
reported yesterday's additions prosecutors had sought to charge the assistant Douglas
fan you all right and have them they made a replacement Boston after him fan you will haul it
spelled the same by the way Douglas fan you all with a felony for making false statements to
investigators but later agreed to a misdemeanor exchange for his cooperation newspapers had
citing people from making up with discussions the charges expected to be filed within days
through his lawyer fan will decline to comment as did the u.s attorney's office in new jork
the journal said a spokesman for a stuart to climb to comment but in the past she's denied wrong
doing as we know do we believe her no Merrill lynch handled the stewards sailed nearly 4,000
in clone shares in late December surely before the company announced the federal regulators would
not review the company's cancer drug herbitux fanials plea deal which remains something to change
will not be final until it's entered in federal court uh yada yada yada steward as we all know this
is on cbs news dot com still was a contributor to the cbs news early show until the scandal broke
last frame and that the story just ends as opposed to saying and then we can't erase and then we
wanted to avoid the embarrassment we wanted to avoid the heat the heat and the kids are supposed
to be coming from the stove not from Martha's ass you see what we're saying back to them that's it
12 minutes passed uh 11 at 560 wqm what's that schedule look like poor haven't gotten into
the schedule i feel almost like mo now you know that's bad is that monkey grinder still working
the organ grinder i'm looking for it now jim man is at one who's got his own zoo there for two hours
Hank gober will be at the oh and by the way Hank yesterday was filming at the mouth
something about mo i don't want to go into details but the humper was not real happy with mo yesterday
that that's the room around the building i'm here and getting all the way back up here in fact i
went out for a walk uh last night and some guy told me hey nil the humper is pissed off with mo
hey gober 3 to 630 and of course because it's Friday that means that they've launched that the
coaches show between five and six six 30 it's uh and we're getting right out of the end isn't this
the last weekend Carlos for uh marlins i hope so marlins on deck at 630 705 the marlins in the
braves and let's see the panthers in the lightning at the am 790 starting at 715 oh
uh on am 790 for hockey so we have to wait till the name marlin crap is over
ed cappella after all that stuff and then espn radio overnight because it's Friday night and
johan mark the work are Friday night cuz moway non-saturday morning
time layman and halop potty act gmc are doing it again 0% financing continues right now at
halop with a proof credit from gmac you can get yourself 0% financing up to 36 months on all
2003 potty action gmc models or take you a rebate up to four grand in all 2002 potty
x or gmc models in stock and when you go to halop probably one of the most important things you'll do
besides making you a great deal is talk to tom layman as time if it's really true that a muskrat
died in bob isenberg said i guarantee he'll find it the truth he'll say the answer is absolutely
girky on the shadow of a doubt why do you know how to take a look at the complete line of great gmc
SUVs those big beautiful ganskosters including the envoy voted by mototrend is f you SUV there can you
hear that the siren in the back no can't hear it boy loud man plus the all new pony act vibe SUV
that's got the power of a big fancy shfancy sports car halop's all so got a great selection of
dependable pre on cars cars cars SUVs like they always do waiting for you and as far as credit
is concerned this is very important for a lot of you marginal people out there if you've had
difficulty getting credit for a car or truck or whatever in the past have no fear because halop is
here they'll get you signed up so for a great deal on potty action gmc see halop potty act at 134
once out dixie highway on us one across from the falls where they'll treat you right open seven
days a week you can call them a 305 to 3 8 40 that's 305 to 3 8 40 for halop potty act gmc we are
professional grade believe it or not
my life and local this is for real five six you way and way and
would can't keep his tucker in his pants in this place i see a lot of gas
i also see a lot of folks taking medicine the don't fight gas wow this night quilt knocks me out
oh i still got gas gas gas has the most powerful medicine to relieve gas fast
well not as fast as i thought
yeah
1118 at 560 wta q a m happy uh friday to you
i want to not leave out there and oh that's right they're playing the fillies and not the brave
and there's no hockey game apparently there is a hockey game it's just not going to be broadcast that
yeah i see well what so why do we have a we got a program director we got an operations manager a
general manager we got a floor show of dog and pony show and we still can't get the schedule right
i mean remember the old days when the schedule used to be right every day or just about
no not anymore but we got too many fingers in that pot you know too many fingers in the pot in fact
i would be surprised if they're not getting the seeds out there's something really shaky going
on there a q a m it's a damn good thing i'm coming back soon because i got to take a look and see
what's going on there we got nobody cares okay nobody's gonna be let's a friday night anybody's
gonna be listening to marlin's and the fillies uh we'll we'll put you out of your misery okay
now look at this quote from jack emberlin a bob uh i'm sorry jack em balcan night professor of
constitution law and first minute a year law school september 22 just a few days ago he said
today the world faces a single man armed with weapons of mass destruction manifesting an
aggressive bullying attitude who may well punch the world in the chaos and bloodshed if he
miscalculates this person beligerent arrogant and sure of himself truly is the most dangerous
person on earth the problem is that his name is george w. bushney is our president so said jack
emberlin night professor of constitution law and first amendment at w. is on the monitor
year law school how do you like that i like it as the return address well we didn't i didn't say
what his attorney address was probably somewhere in connect it i'm sure if you're sad baby
i have a couple of answers it's almost like time at the present time we do face a prey pressing
risk of proliferation from russia stockpile weapons of mass destruction america spans only one
billion dollars a year to safeguard those weapons yet the administration is preparing to spend
between one hundred and two hundred billion dollars on a war with a rock i do not accept the idea
that trying other alternatives is either futile or perilous that the risks of waiting are greater
than the risk of war indeed in launching a war against a rock now the united states may precipitate
the very threat that we are intent of preventing weapons of mass destruction in the hands of
terrorists if sedans regime and his very survival of threatened then his view of his interest
maybe profoundly altered he may decide he has nothing to lose by using weapons of mass destruction
himself or by sharing them with terrorists some who advocate military action against the
rack however assert that airstrikes will do the job quickly and decisively and at the operation
will be complete in 72 hours but there is again no persuasive evidence that airstrikes alone over
the course of several days will incapacitates a dam and destroy his weapons of mass destruction
experts have informed us that we do not have sufficient intelligence against military targets
in a rock sedam may well hide his most lethal weapons in mass schools and hospitals if our forces
attempt to strike such targets untowel numbers of Iraqi civilians could be killed in the gall four
many of sedans so just quickly retreated because they did not believe the invasion of Kuwait was
justified but when Iraq's survival is at stake it is more likely that they will fight to the end
sedam and his military may well abandon the desert retreats a Baghdad and engage in urban
guerrilla warfare and in our September 23rd hearing General Clark told the committee that we would
need a large military force and plan for urban warfare general horror said that our military would
have to be prepared to fight block by block in Baghdad and that we could lose a battalion of soldiers
a day in casualties urban fighting would he said look like the last brutal 15 minutes of the movie
saving private Ryan before the Gulf War in 1991
Secretary of State James Baker met with the Iraqis in threatened Hussein with catastrophic
with the catastrophe if he employed weapons of mass destruction in that war although sedam
launched 39 scud missiles at Israel he did not use the chemical or biological weapons that he had
at hand is sedans regime and survival of threatened he will have nothing to lose and they use
everything at his disposal is raised Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharan has announced that instead
of his forbearance in the 1991 Gulf War this time Israel will respond if attacked if weapons of
mass destruction land on Israel's Israeli soil telling innocent civilians the experts that I
have consultively that Israel will retaliate and possibly with nuclear weapons this escalation spiraling
out of control control the Arab world into a regional war in which our Arab allies side with Iraq
against the United States and against Israel and that would represent a fundamental threat to
Israel to the region to the world economy and to international order nor can we rule out the
possibility that sedam would assault American forces with chemical and biological weapons
despite the advances and protecting our troops we do not yet have the capability to safeguard
all of them our soldiers sail as airmen and Marines are serving their country with great
to station just under 70,000 reservists in national guards have been mobilized for the war against
terrorism if we embark upon a premature or unilateral military campaign against Iraq or a campaign
only with Britain our forces will have to serve in even greater numbers for longer periods and with
grave arrests our force strength will be stretched even thinner and war is the last resort if in the
end we have to take that course the burden should be shared with allies and that is less likely
your war becomes an immediate response
let him have a Ted boy you sweat enough a storm that's what happened to be 600 pounds I
want and excited and worked up into a frenzy well he gets excited a lot anyway he's doing a
hell of a job nice going to Ted let it lad just stick it to him can we lighten it up just a second
because I'm getting so whipped up into a frenzy listening to him speak idle Kelly tops pop singles
see from the rear sublime to the ridiculous or is it the other way around I'm not really sure in
this case American idle champion Kelly Clarkson didn't have to wait a lifetime for the moment when
her television fame was transformed into record setting gold on the pop charts are you where this
yeah from depressed about it too oh I think I'd rather go back to Ted honor rack was powerful and for
me it was persuasive the bubbly 20-year-old who vowed a national TV audience and Fox's network
summary on the series shot to number one on the latest hot 100 singles chart from Nielsen's
sound scan with a moment like this the song she performed on the final episode of the show
and all I can say is you're right it's depressing the single paired with a song before your love on
the double A side record rose from number 52 spot after going on selling stores last week
marking the biggest lead to number one in the history of the hot 100 her label RC record said Wednesday
Clarkson's debut selling 236,000 copies in its first week in stores grabbed the top spot away
from the song dilemma from hip-hop star nilly that song was also featured vocals from Kelly Rowland
of Destiny's Child spent seven weeks at number one so like I said I'm lusty press now okay if
that's what it replaced I'm pretty happy about it yeah because anybody has to do with Destiny's
Child makes me want to make a trip to the bowl immediately live not sooner on my hands and knees
1126 at 560 wqym hey speaking to your knees and your feet see how we tied this in all together
the hip-hop connected to your uh whatever your joint that's what Jeff Cohen says it's connected to
your joint like his lips that's right new balance the south Florida covers all your athletic and
footwear needs maybe he's got some leftover for us uh what's his name time Dreck if you need new
athletic shoes for cross training cross dressing running walk it around schlepping now whatever you're
going to be doing this is the place new balance I love him and you will too because they don't carry
a bunch of crap they carry on to the best that money can buy and they save you a lot of money as
well and of course they still come up with that revolutionary deal and they're never going to
let go of that they're never likely your feet foot feet they want to measure them and see how long
they are and how wide they are make sure you get a perfect fit so you keep coming back and of
course new balances got out of leather shoes they give you the best possible fit all the way from
infant size up to size 20 so even if you have ordinarily very very tough to fit feet I have no fear
because new balance is here and new balance has got style sizes and widths of shoes you can only find
before in catalogs or by mail order they got them sitting on the shelf waiting for you right now
so this weekend they can run over to new balances out floatable three locations you'll find them
in most prestigious adventure mall pine crest bokeh town center and coming to a fourth location
in November the new location in Palm Beach Gardens if your feet could thank you they kiss you
right on the push for schlepping over to new balance my life and look all this is for trail five six
you way you way yeah
why are you bastard
welcome back to the glittering pageantry of the mohawaiian neighborhood show we have a full
duck it today that including the cavalcade of our articulate athlete of views you know that
pipe smoke is still at it what what singing those songs make it fun on me they make fun on
me all the time I don't know why they don't adore everything will be all right no
get your hands on me a fairy you're queer yet to jump a real man don't touch only during the game
yes master they want singing I'll give them singing get on a piano over there okay
now hit it back in my day men were straight the end day is up today that's why I can't tolerate
what does it say
ah
I'm not a man.
Stop it, you moron.
That's a mad amount.
My wings fell off again.
Okay.
Alright, where were we?
It's poor Holes Laurin' Game.
That's it.
I'll take it from here.
The guys that like the worship men.
The thing we won't see more in no way than a battle again.
Didn't mean those old frost-dade to this.
Or to tickle her retaint.
Jesus Christ, I really hate.
Jesus God, I'm glad.
I hate.
District Beckhoes, Lord, although Muckle and Deerfield
fact me inspired me to play that because it says those moan guilty bits are friggin' hilarious.
Who makes those for you?
Whoever it is, time to keep on coming.
Well, they will keep on coming.
Squirt Squirt.
And it's Book of Brian.
It's a propitious study might have asked a question of they, because two today, allegedly,
the new Book of Brian disc will be out the best of.
What's it going to be called?
Right.
Restitution and no bits.
Restitution and no bits.
Restitution song will be on their volume one, which means the first of many.
No question about that.
So, it'll be on our website.
You'll be able to click on Air and Buy it.
And play it and deal with it, et cetera.
Airport Security gets another F.
Oi!
In January and February, CBS News went undercover to test security at Major American Airports.
We took Lennon Film Bags, which block X-rays through checkpoints.
Steve Elson who used to test checkpoints security for the FAA helped us with our tests.
When the bag goes through the X-ray, there's a big black blob, says Elson.
They're impossible to miss, and yet they just continually go through.
Screen is to not see clearly what was in our carry-ons and should have searched them because a weapon could have been hidden in a run to the film bags.
But 70% of screeners failed to check or even detect the film bags.
At the time, the TSA blamed the broken system.
Congress ordered the federal government to take over all Airport checkpoints by November 19.
But with two months to go, the service of the seven airports we revisited,
Baltimore with the only one where federal employees screen all passengers.
At the rest, private companies under federal supervision still handle some if not all of the screening.
They're not government employees, and they haven't received the same training.
The new head of the TSA, James Lawy, says security is improved.
It's changed dramatically for the better, says Lawy.
I'm very impressed with the diligence of the screeners who are in place today.
To determine if screening really has improved, CBS News went back to the same airports using the same kind of X-ray blocking film bags, and we got the same results.
Once again, 70% of the time those film bags went undetected or unopened.
In Los Angeles, screeners actually did worse.
Last time, they found and checked our film bags 50% of the time.
Last week, they missed all of them.
We'd also been detected 50% of the time at New York's LaGuardia on this latest round,
which else also helped us with screeners failed every test.
Well, there's something to be said for consistency anyway, right?
Right?
Every test, 100%.
LaGuardia was a typical day, says Elsen.
You go through and you think there's no way to miss this, and yet we just generally sailed right to the checkpoint.
In two incidents, screeners did find one film bag, and missed a second one that CBS News producer was also carrying.
They had the idea, but they didn't carry it through the complacency, says Elsen.
Therefore, they failed.
Screeners at Atlanta and Washington's Reagan National didn't check any of our film bags six months ago, and again, they missed them all this time.
And like I said, something to be said for being consistent.
None of the screeners at New York's Kennedy Airport stopped this last time, and that happened again in four out of five tests.
There were some success stories, and here's the good news.
Screeners in four Lauderdale stopped us and checked the film bags six months ago, and did everything right again last week.
Let's hear it for four Lauderdale, huh?
Right.
Let's hear it.
It's about time we got something good, somebody had passed on a shoulder and say, you're not completely incompetent.
Generally you are, but we'll just this one time make an exception.
In Baltimore, all screeners are federal employees.
Earlier this year, the film bags won't undertake it every time.
Last week, our film bags were searched every time.
This is the first time they've ever on any of the things we've done.
Ever opened the bag and done it successfully, says Elsen.
And they did very well today, meaning in Baltimore.
I hope that's the way for the future, he said.
Isn't that what what's his name used to say?
You're riding the way for the future on those awful spots?
Who?
Anno's something dot com spots, don't you remember?
Hey, Mr. President, you ride the way for the future?
Oh, wasn't that a merit rate?
No merit rate, very good.
Anyway, but a year after 9-11, Elsen is still worried.
They're missing all kinds of things.
He says, that's the frightening part.
Things like guns.
Be afraid.
Be very afraid.
A checkpoint supervisor at Atlanta's airport was fired last week after a woman boarded a plane with a load of a weapon extra ammunition.
She was caught at another airport by the new layer of pre-boarding screening in gate areas.
A security requirement that government may eliminate for passenger convenience.
So there you go.
Fly your own risk. Good luck to all of us. That's all I can tell you.
The dog and pony show continues.
22-till note at 560 QM, the mad dog at one.
I'm in the local. This is 560.
The radio's on your...
...QM.
The U.
Yeah.
The radio's on your head.
The radio's on your head.
The radio's on your head.
The radio's on your head.
The radio's on your head.
The radio's on your head.
The radio's on your head.
The radio's on your head.
The radio's on your head.
The radio's on your head.
The radio's on your head.
The radio's on your head.
The radio's on your head.
The radio's on your head.
You'll put
on you back in zien.
I'm
The
Declaration of
Governments.
143.560 W.A.M. from the UK independent.
Russia fears US oil companies will take over the world's second biggest reserves.
There's that word again, OIL, M-O-N-Y, V-O-T-E-S.
Oil companies from around the world are maneuvering for the multibillion dollar
bananza that would follow the outsting of Sodom Hussein.
Russia is so concerned that it's been holding secretive talks for the Iraqi opposition
to shore up its economic interest in the country which still owes Moscow $7 billion from Soviet times.
With the second biggest reserves in the world, Iraq's underdeveloped oil fields have become a key negotiating chip
in a backdrop to talks between the US and the other permanent members of the UN Security Council,
all of which have major economic stakes in regime change in Iraq.
It's also given fuel to critics of America's war plans who say the desire for regime change is at least partly driven by economics.
Oil industry experts say there's growing concern that America would dominate the Iraqi oil industry after Sodom,
as a result of a number of oil companies have reportedly held talks with the Iraqi opposition
to which here they're involved in many future deals.
The independent has learned that the Russian government, which is friendly toward Iraq,
recently dispatched to diplomat to hold talks with the senior official from the Iraqi National Congress,
the US backed opposition umbrella group.
At that meeting in Washington, August 29, the first for seven years,
the diplomat expressed worries that Russia would be kept out of the oil markets by the US.
James Wolsey, the former director of the CIA,
commentator on the relationship between oil and global security told the Washington Post,
it's pretty straightforward.
France and Russia have oil companies in interest in Iraq.
They should be told that if they are of assistance in moving Iraq toward decent government,
we'll do the best we can to ensure the new government and American companies work closely with them.
If they throw their lot in with Sodom, it'll be difficult to the point of impossible
to persuade the new Iraqi government to work with them.
Iraq has confirmed oil reserves of 112 billion barrels,
second-wing Saudi Arabia with perhaps double that in undiscovered reserves.
They're concerned about OIL and MOE-Y, baby, like I keep telling you.
Second man is charged in alleged mosque threat, Tampa.
Federal authorities have charged the man they say owned five of the firearms
recovered at the home of a pedagogy to accuse of plotting to blow up Islamic mosques
and centers around the state of Florida.
Samuel Vagin, Shanahan III of Dunedin,
was arrested at his home Wednesday night by agents with the US Bureau of the ATF
and charged with legally transferring firearms according to the criminal complaint filed yesterday in Tampa.
Shanahan was denied bail after Thursday afternoon detention hearing before US magistrate Thomas McCoon III.
McCoon said he needed to investigate the case further before deciding whether to allow Shanahan
to be released on bail live with his father in Citrus County.
Shanahan, 42, was first questioned by investigators August 23rd.
The day that Robert Goldstein was arrested, remember him?
Of course, I could have we forget.
Police say Goldstein, I'll tell you, can forget, was that some bubblehead in the afternoon around CNN.
They were talking last week one there, the week before, about the terrorism.
It was some shmata head on there, complaining about the anti-Islamic bigotry in the US.
And he brought up that incident about Goldstein being arrested.
I don't remember that story, but I'll have to check into which you, this is one of the so-called, yeah!
And I sat there with my jaw down to my goddamn testicles, okay, thinking, what kind of a, certainly not news?
CNN, my F and A, it's okay, a bunch of bubbleheads.
And they're manipulating public opinion all over the goddamn world.
Would their lightweight, simple, and bubbleheads like this bitch?
Then we had to figure out how.
Not him.
Anyway, Shanahan 42 was first questioned by investigators August 22,
the day Robert Goldstein was arrested, police say Goldstein, a pedactrist in Seminole, had drawn a plan
to destroy an Islamic education center, and dozens of mosques.
Detailed written plans, referred to a VAL, Shanahan, a February lessons to the firearms leader of told investigators,
he didn't know why he was named in Goldstein's document.
He said he had no knowledge of why his name was mentioned, ATF Special Agent Warren Randall said during Shanahan's detention hearing,
he described Mr. Goldstein as a person who dabbled with electronics, he later said he knew Goldstein's a devil with explosives.
Goldstein's written plan that listed VAL is an accomplice was scratched out with Mike handwritten over it throughout.
Got it? Got it.
US Attorney's Office spokesman Steve Kohlwald commented whether other people have been questioned,
we're still trying to determine if anybody else was involved, we say.
In the plot.
Oh, here we go with more priest stuff.
Cheese, is this ever going to win?
Oh, God.
Every day in my pile I got priest in and Carlos blurt out today coming to find out he was an altar boy.
Yeah.
So it was lucky he was ugly.
Never thought of that.
Yes, see, you were in luck.
The lucky altar boys are the ugly ones.
Well, that's what you're just saying.
Okay, now you know, see now you heard his feelings again.
No, that's quite all right.
Yeah, he's been cold worse.
A prosecutor took the unusual step yesterday, releasing the names of Roman Catholic priest whom church officials say were accused of sexually abusing children,
but have not even charged by authorities.
Bristol County District Attorney Paul Walsh gave out the list of 20 names as the announcing them in a priest,
allegedly musting a girl from 1965 to 71.
Civil rights advocates criticized Walsh for encouraging a witch hunt.
Walsh acknowledged his decision goes against standard prosecutor, a prosecutor, a policy,
and appeared to be the first move of its kind by a prosecutor.
In the normal course of events, we would not identify a suspect in criminal case who hasn't been formally charged,
but in this case, I don't think that policy should be applied.
It perpetuates secrecy, it invalidates victims, and it pretends that none of us ever happened.
I'm just not going to do that.
Said Walsh would encourage people to come forward with information and allegations against the many named.
Walsh obtained the names of the priest from the fall river diocese after that's in Massachusetts.
After the courty's sexual abuse scam erupted in Massachusetts earlier this year,
diocese began turning over names of accused priest to civil authorities after Cardinal Law
mandated such reporting in the Boston Arts diocese.
The fall river diocese turned over total of 21 names including the priest charge yesterday,
and two priests who are now deceased.
The remaining 18 priests have never been prosecuted,
either because of the statute of limitations that expired,
or because the alleged victim was not interested in pressing criminal charges, Walsh said.
None of the name priests has active ministries.
Most of the retired civil were removed from their ministries after allegations of sex abuse received by the diocese in the 1990s.
Several names on the list have been made public before by church officials or as part of civil lawsuits.
The Boston Arts diocese policy of publicly naming and suspending priests before a full investigation has been criticized,
and civil rights advocates had sharp words for Walsh's move.
Releasing the names just to see if people will come forward, to me that's just the form of a witch hunt.
Said Michael Higgins, executive director of Justice for Priest and Deacons.
A San Diego organization founded by Canon lawyers in 1997.
Higgins was removed from the priest in 1999, after he was accused of soliciting sex in a confessional,
he denies the allegations appealed his case all the way to the Vatican, to the holy father.
Philip Cormier, a Boston attorney, is specialized in civil liberties litigation,
said the public release of the priest's names by a district attorney could invite false accusations.
Essentially, these people are targets, people see signs, dollar signs, they see these civil settlements that people are getting,
it's very easy for people to make something up.
Like Carlos, gee, how come you, you see you should have made something up?
Yeah, right, I could have been saying that something happened 20 years ago and I need to get paid.
Well, how was it?
I can't remember.
Two priest told the priest questions.
Oh, this is from the Sun Sentinel, no, so there might be some truth to it.
Two priest's kind of what questioning by the defense attorney is representing an apprentice monk accused him murdering an unimeligerable in a religious school,
Miami judge, wrote yesterday, this is that ongoing story.
Well, I sure still do miss the monks in, you know what?
In a highly unusual move, the priest invoked their fifth amendment rights this month, one called upon as witnesses by the defense attorneys in the case of Michael,
Michael cofle, a Ukrainian nationality 20 year old cofle was charged last year with the murder of system,
Michelle Lewis, a teacher at Holy Cross Academy in Kendall.
The non's body was found naked, stabbed and beaten in her home at the academy.
They've County police say cofle was pleaded not guilty.
Confessed were March 25, 2000, stabbing of Lewis 39, telling them she'd been verbally abusive to him.
Cofle was being held without pay, also told police that the academy's two eyes officials, the revered Abbey Gregory went and as assistant, the reverend Damien Jibot sexually abused him,
school officials denied the accusation.
But the priest defensive attorneys wanted the state to be the first wife to ask their clients questions because they would then be granted immunity for their testimony.
Mel Black, who represents what also questioned what knowledge the priest would have about the murder.
We need to talk about what his supposed knowledge would be, he said, cofle stabbed the victim 90 times on his own,
pummeled her on his own, then broken the business office on his own.
By his own admission, nobody else was involved in this crime.
There's no purpose in taking these depositions.
They'd circuit judge manual Crespo didn't bias argument ruling that the clergymen will have to attend another deposition and answer some questions because it's the defences right to do so.
You can't hide behind this veneer, he said.
Cofle's defense attorneys hailed the judge's decision.
They're under every obligation to respect and respawn of the court's ruling, said Ray Tassaf, Cofle's court appointed public defender.
The scope of these witnesses' knowledge with regard to this case is great.
Blacks and the All is kind, said, nothing to hide, he'll advise them not to answer questions regarding the sexual allegations.
Nobody believes these allegations, he said, this is a red herring.
Did you read there?
No.
After red herring?
Never.
I guarantee they give you bigger portions than the Rob Lobster.
Automatically.
Oh, the red lobster man is another one of my least favorites.
And I don't even remember if the food was any good or no.
No, it was now.
Because the portions are so small, you know, sometimes you have to eat like more than a 15th of an ounce to get a little taste in your mouth and get the drift of what you're eating.
But the portions are so teeny and tiny and so overpriced that I don't recall what the food was.
So you tell me not only are the portions small, but the food sucks, the food sucks.
Two more good reasons not to go to the red lobster.
And who the hell was ripping when they were talking about that Miss America thing, the Jersey thing with the Italian background?
Yeah, what about it?
And some asshole they had on one of the talking hitchhows, he was going on about, well, all these ugly stereotypes.
And he brought up Romano's macaroni grill.
What the hell is ugly about that?
Romano's macaroni grill.
The commercials, the guys that do the commercial, which I'm sure you've seen.
Yeah.
What's wrong with that?
Nothing.
Nothing, but they offend some things.
How about the guy, the little, the, the Taco Bell dog?
Oh, yeah, well, huh?
The beeners are all up in arms about that.
Well, see, everybody's uptight.
First of all, let me just tell you this, almost every black character on television, even though it's 2002.
Almost every black person is presented as a stereotype, make no mistake, I booted.
Okay?
Right.
Is that, is that correct?
That's correct.
And the specs, the way they walk, the way they speak, the way they act, and the same with the beeners.
I mean, it's just the, the simple craft man.
Everything is a stereotype.
And yet every now and then, you know, it's just like when a godfather first came out.
And there was Joe Dodgy, on the, today's show in the morning on NBC.
And he's getting all bent out of shape and he bring on somebody from the Catholic League and right away, he's got, oh, gee, this is terrible.
And it's a defamation bullcrap, okay?
If the food fits, fight it.
That's what I say.
A bunch of bullcrap.
We love remodel, whatever it is, remodel is macaroni grill.
Right.
We love the food.
We love the food they bring in.
The commercials are all hoot.
They're great.
These people with no sense of humor, man.
America is becoming constipated, okay?
We fought a war to get away from the brits.
And now we're becoming more constipated than they are.
Uptight and out of sight, like Stevie Wonder would say.
Partying with ecstasy several times a night.
A common practice among users of the illegal drug.
Made damage, keen neurons in the brain and perhaps hasten the onset of Parkinson's disease, according to a study in monkeys.
Oh, no.
Maybe that explains our behavior on a show.
Maybe it's all that ecstasy I've brought back from Mahaland.
Thank you, by the way.
You're welcome.
You taught, get his?
But some researchers were skeptical of the results from the animal studies, translate to humans, and said such studies discourage research that might lead to medical uses for ecstasy.
A Johns Hopkins University researcher injected squirrel monkeys and bat boons with three shots of ecstasy also known as MDMA.
Three hours apart mimicking dosages often used by MDMA users at all night dance parties.
He said the drug caused enduring damage to dopamine producing neurons in the brains of the animals.
The old Ropa Dopa mean.
The damage was still out in two weeks to six weeks later said Dr. George A. Ricard, the lead author of the study appearing this week on the journal Science.
But he said it's not clear if the damage neurons will repair themselves.
A key factor in mother ecstasy could cause Parkinson's disease.
Parkinson's is a brain disorder triggered by the permanent loss of dopamine producing nerve cells.
So taking it to your own risk, okay.
Plus it's illegal beside.
But George has got plenty for this weekend.
No, I don't.
You know, I wish.
Well, maybe somebody will drop you some by.
Hey, see if Todd knows anybody in Davy.
Four minutes till noon at five sixty anybody named Steve and Davy hot Todd lazy ass piece of turd.
I've stepped on better things in my life than you Todd things that smell better too and that were hell of a lot more useful and that did a lot more work.
Weasel, quizzling useless.
Go talk to the Coligan man.
Okay, maybe he'd like to step on your little ass too.
I'll tell you a place where you'd like to have a great time and that's dial amatric.
You don't even go there.
You don't see them.
You don't see anybody.
You just talk to an eligible expert about betting on the phone.
That's it.
That's the extent of your spread and of course delivery people that you're up, they do a great job.
They just came in off the banana boat.
But they'll do a stupidest job for you.
Just call one eight hundred mattress.
And like I said, this saves you so much time and grief and running around and gas and money.
And within no time at all, you'll be hooked up with a fantastic mattress, the kind you like to sleep on, the brand name.
Whichever is what your favorite.
And they carry only the best.
Serta, Silly, Simmons, King Coil, no off-brands at nobody ever heard of, no crap.
Only spectacular brand name mattresses that are unbeatable every day, low prices.
And as far as deliveries concerned, like I always tell you, nobody else in the universe I don't believe gives you service like this.
They deliver any day of the week, seven days, any to our window when you're going to be home and it's convenient for you.
You pick it.
Noon to two, one to three, two to four, four, fifteen to six, fifteen, etc.
And they give you that thirty day in home comfort guarantee to test it out the real way by sleeping on it and doing all sorts of ex-rated things on it.
So if you want to get yourself a great mattress, if the old one isn't doing your back what it used to do, call 1-800-MATRUS right now.
Like I always do, 1-800-MATRES, or check them out on that wicked worldwide web at mattress.com.
We're going to be on the streets.
We're going to be on the streets.
We're going to be on the streets.
We're going to be on the streets.
We're going to be on the streets.
We're going to be on the streets.
We're going to be on the streets.
We're going to be on the streets.
We're going to be on the streets.
We're going to be on the streets.
We're going to be on the streets.
We're going to be on the streets.
They call it Mr. Green.
It's probably two and five sixty.
You don't forget Tuesday the Big Broke of Brandt think comes out.
Restitution and Moe Bits.
Volume one.
It will be right on our website on theewrarchers.com.
And I guess maybe I'll make a bunch of extra ones to lay out at the new pizza lot.
That's a good idea.
That is a great idea.
You guys can go over there, get a free meal, and he can drop some off,
and they can pick them up right there or be an extra incentive for people to go in there.
Because in the beginning you want to make sure everybody knows where it is.
And the restaurant too.
Right beyond Walgreens, they're now in the Sunrise and Plantation.
It's not easy to see.
You can't see it from the street.
It's hidden.
It's hidden by a bunch of ugly trees and bush and stuff, and by Walgreens.
But that's okay.
In fact, Marcy will show you where to go.
I got to do one more priest thing here.
Okay, because it's in the Palm Beach Post.
Massachusetts authority said the Catholic diocese,
headed by Bishop Sean P. O'Malley, who's scheduled to take over the diocese of Palm Beach next month,
sat on information about abuse of priest for a year,
is making prosecution of most of them almost impossible.
Bristol County DA, Paul Walls, Jr. announced yesterday,
the one priest have been indicted, and took the extraordinary step,
like I said before, releasing names of 20 others,
they've investigated but haven't charged.
It was never our intention to withhold information to Astasin's spokesman,
John Kern said Thursday, since day one,
the Bishop has been committed to the attitude that we cooperate with law enforcement
of any kind of investigation.
The Bishop would not comment further, Kern said.
The good father.
How do you like that?
I'll tell you Palm Beach County, they just can't seem to wriggle out of it.
It's like they got a dark cloud over their head.
Speaking of dark clouds over their head, normal can't.
He's on, oh, that's right.
Don't let me forget.
What's the date for it?
27th.
Right.
Monday.
Monday's the 30th.
Oh, it's October 1st.
That's right.
Tuesday.
Tuesday, October 1st.
Ladies and gentlemen, we've got a big day coming up on Tuesday.
Let me say it again.
Finally, we're going to get some promotion on this show.
We're going to have a leave in, and it's long overdue.
Not some sour old man with bad bloody heracles, beans,
that are painted white and green who won't promote this show.
We're talking about a side that's going to look like an enthusiast,
who's promoting show.
Even though it shows not another station,
which nobody lets us do.
Norma can't.
Eight moves to eight to nine a.m. starting next Tuesday, October 1st.
I'm WFT on the light bulb, Jr.
Whatever the hell they call that thing.
Are you ready for that?
I'm ready.
I'm all geared up.
And I'll be promoting this show every day.
It's turned over to Niel right now.
560 WQA.M.
It's the only guy in touch, the only promotion we get.
Do we have billboards?
No.
TV ads?
No.
Got with sandwich boards running around.
No.
Banner planes?
No.
Nothing.
Zip and E.Doodah.
That's what you get from Greg Reed.
Zip but E.Doodah.
How's that blue bird doing?
He's still grabbing on his shoulder.
Remus?
No, thank you.
That's what we get.
Zip and E.Doodah from Greg Reed.
Nothing.
They put a lot of stuff in your contract.
They sit down and have a meeting with you.
They lie right to your face with a big smile on their face.
And then they give you a squat.
And then to compound to add insult to injury,
we get a morning guy here with no sense of humor.
Well, a real sour, sour piece of third.
And he won't mention that the show's coming up.
He don't have to, he can rip all he wants.
He can rip me and ask, talk about the organ grinder.
Anything he wants.
But here's the guy that on print.
And I'm aware that he isn't promoting the mad dog.
He isn't promoting Hank.
He isn't promoting.
Nothing else.
Talk about an island.
See, we thought we were an island on the station,
because of the fact that the only non-sports show on a radio station,
plus you and Mark are supposed to be doing sports, but they're doing titty bars.
And strippers.
But anyway.
But we're like connected.
Compared to that show, he's made himself like into a madagasker.
You know what I mean?
No, no, no, where it is to.
Yeah, so do I.
An island.
Or like, Elba.
That's an even better one.
In fact, wouldn't surprise me if he's mitigated off the Elba.
And he'll be standing there with his hand in his best pocket like Napoleon.
Or maybe eating, maybe eating Napoleon is more likely with the Nova and the bagels.
Today on the normal, I can't stand.
No, but I can't eat bagel.
Because they give me headaches.
That yeast.
Oh, that yeast.
Last thing I need is yeast.
Today on the normal, Kencio, his guest was Johnny Dark's as his family's riveting.
Can you believe that?
Oh, oh, normal one hour a day.
Like, whatever I just said, I think I'm taking it back.
Johnny Dark!
No, that's not the one I wanted.
I wanted Johnny Dark's an asshole.
Well, maybe he fed Johnny.
You think I doubted it?
Maybe Johnny brought food in.
Maybe, oh, yeah, Johnny brought food in.
Boy, you were a comedian.
Johnny Dark did not bring normal, Ken, no food.
Also, it's his Ed Reverend James Kennedy to pull.
Well, we'll, you know, we'll take another consideration.
I think it's an issue.
No, no chance.
I mean, we understand what you're saying and he makes me nauseous too.
But it's just out of the same genre.
How is that pull coming by the way we could go with no votes?
If you could program your team, you really are on the doggy uppers today.
I want to hop you this morning.
You're just whipped up into a frenzy.
I can't even finish the query.
You must be talking to remember.
Maybe you're planning on it lunch.
And you know what I did next week.
Didn't do this morning?
Oh, yeah, you sound like you're full of it.
Anyway, if you're, we're going to house the question.
If you could program your TV set to block out one person.
In other words, so you'd never see them again on TV.
Who would it be?
We have 286 votes.
Now, this is our second poll of the day.
Earlier, we asked about those mo bits.
And they overwhelmingly seem to put a big smile on most people's posts.
Except for a few sour pie.
There's always got to be a song.
Remember that pizza joint sour pie?
Himalogycci, Richard Quest and Shepherd Smith have no votes.
None of them.
Which I find scandalous.
Even Billy Mays, the orange, your glow in commercial guys only got three.
And little Brian Orcross has three is this Barbara Walters.
I think the Brian Orcross, the lack of venom, venom,
sent in his direction.
I think that's especially in light of what's going on in the last week or so.
Because I had so many spir Reports.
Even people I don't know are calling me up here.
And that Brian Orcross is a lunatic.
Maybe people are doing a good job avoiding him like I know I am.
Oh, Jim Rome.
Old Romy's got four.
Romy.
Kind of leases got five.
And quarters got eight.
Which I'll to please the Lynn Sammels.
Larry King be having nine.
Bill O'Rally ten.
Martha Stewart thirteen.
Dr. Phil fifteen.
Oprah twenty two.
Al Sharpton twenty three.
Steve that I'll computer dude the guy with those awful spots twenty three.
Caratop thirty three.
Jesse Jackson forty three.
And in first place by a long shot.
It's all W with seventy one votes.
I think you voted more than once.
If I could have Nicholas Christoff writes in the New York Times today fighting street to street.
Basra Iraq is the date line on this story.
That's where he is.
To understand why an invasion of Iraq may not be the cakewalk that the White House expects.
Pay twenty dollars round trip in Borden, Iraq.
Hereways flight that source from Baghdad straight to the Merkettin forest.
No flights on the Basra on the southern tip of Iraq.
American war planes are authorized to shoot down any aircraft that venture into it.
But the Iraqis around me were cool as ice.
They knew that US fighters would never attack a civilian aircraft.
And that the US military could only bluster.
Sometimes the American A-Wax planes warn us on the radio explain in Iraqi pilot who was mused in my anxiety.
They say you're entering a no fly zone.
I must turn around.
We reply this is a rack of your space.
We're going to fly through it.
That American restraint is Iraq's ace going into the war.
Iraq knows that the US cannot bomb schools, mosque and residential neighborhoods.
And so it has plenty of places to hide its army.
In the last Gulf War, we were able to destroy an enemy that was out in the open desert.
But this time Iraq seems intent on a different approach.
From Basra, I drove to the Kuwait border on the highway of death to see how Iraq will guard what may be a principal invasion route for American troops.
The only military presence was a few guards on the edge of Basra,
among you to what you'd expected the entrance to an urban US high school.
So does this mean that Iraq is poorly prepared for an invasion?
I don't think so.
Instead of protecting its borders, a man will hide its army within its cities, where air strikes are effective only at an unacceptable for America cost and civilian deaths.
Sodom is a hiding place for himself that's better than Osama bin Laden's caves at Torabora.
The teaming city of Baghdad with five million inhabitants, where he already never spends two consecutive nights in the same place.
The Americans are good at bombing when Iraqi official muth, but someday they'll have to come to the ground and then we'll be waiting.
Every Iraqi has a gun in his house, often a Kalashnikov, and every Iraqi has experience in fighting.
So let's see how the Americans do when they're fighting in our streets.
That could be a nightmare as the last Gulf War showed a bombing campaign, Kanaka, Bridges and Barracks,
but unless we're incredibly lucky, we won't kill Sodom, trigger a coup or wipe out his Republican guard forces,
we'll have to hunt outside him on the ground, which may be just as hard as finding Osama and Afghanistan in much bloodier.
Our last experience with streets of street fighting was confronting untrained thugs in Mogadishu in Somalia.
This time we're taking on an army with possible violent chemical weapons, 400,000 regular army troops and supposedly, seven million more in Al Qaeda-L-Quds militia.
Karar Hassan, a 22-year-old member of the militia in the city of Najaf city, just completed a training session in street fighting, including fighting house to house and even from trees.
I'll fight until my last drop of blood he had in the kind of boasts that heard from everywhere in Iraq.
If someone tries to threaten us, we know how to respond, said a farmer named Hakeem El-Khal in the Bizarro of Karbala, and then he reached under a shirt and brandage to handgun.
Most Iraqi seemed to have no love for Sodom and the great majority would probably spend the war hiding out of their beds, but even if a tiny proportion of the Braggers are serious, then look out.
Moreover, some tribes are armed with mortars and large caliber machine guns, so even if they could not stop, thanks rolling through to Baghdad, they could seriously hurt an American army of occupation.
Perhaps the American invasion will be a breeze after all, the Iraqi armies less than half the strength it was when it crumpled into 100-hour ground-ward decade ago, and US forces are much stronger now, but if we're going to invade, we need to prepare for a worst-case scenario involving streets of street fighting with farmers like Mr. Kall taking pochouts in our troops.
Is America really prepared for hundreds of casualties, even thousands, in an invasion and subsequent occupation that could last many years?
As Nick Kristoff in today's New York Times.
Come on, let's pass $0.560 QAM.
How young is too young?
Not riding around with your windows down.
I'll us up on the show right now.
We've got a vacancy in the hotel.
We'll talk about men till your penis swells.
How fast they run and how good they look, and pass along tips for your pokey to book.
Hello, sportsmen. Let's talk about Ricky Wellerns over and over again, and Elvis Gerbach.
As my voice gets higher and higher, do I start sounding like Don Adams talking about men and women and loving it.
And some side issues like where are all the right-er trucks? Remember those healthy-un-day weather-er-rider truck?
The smell of musty-rovers blankets that bled it so well with the Indian sandwich?
Cruising along in the afternoon?
Talking about ignorant sport-hole dooms?
A juxtaposed dangle their balls like a bell?
And about how good their juxtaposed smell?
They must talk about women except to say,
he's got a nice patch of real estate.
Hey, man, dog, how you doing?
Hey, bitch, you can't stiggy bull.
What you believe?
Like a think-dog daddy from Julius?
I have a line. My old friend like Rob.
A call! A call!
I'm sorry about that. I'm a secret.
A man! He's a dog smart-sian!
What if this is the old drink collar on Holt's trick?
They're not fooling anybody, Paula.
I don't even try to vagrabate them.
I make plenty of money. Don't even need the gig.
So blow it up your ass, my friend.
Because I can sit here and relax and wear my tie.
It takes a real man to do a radio show and wear a tie.
Well, 18 and 560. Speaking of wearing a tie, how about a bow tie?
You know who we left off the list?
No, who?
Tucker Carlson. Who?
That's Schmuck on the crossfire.
Oh, that right wing asshole with a bow tie.
Isn't that his name, Tucker Carlson?
I guess.
Boy, you are a Robert Novak.
And Bobby Novak.
What do you think both of them belong?
Well, I think we got enough on there.
Plenty.
Far be it for me to start digging with that list and getting there.
Especially right in the middle of the lunch hour.
I'm sorry Eric, I apologize.
Speaking of lunch, Paula, I'm really Jones and you know what?
Remember I told you about that restaurant where yesterday
that I had the opportunity to just do the M big.
I think I'm going back.
Well, I just had some wonderful chicken chili from Balance for Life and it was great.
Chicken chili.
Yeah, it was great.
See, some of the names of the stuff, there's no we sound all that great.
I think if we can help try with one thing,
you know, when you picked from the list, you have to have an idea of what it is.
Right.
You know what I'm saying?
But I think that he could like doll up the names of some of the things because,
like for example, the turkey bratwurst.
You know what I mean?
Made out of turkey.
Turkey.
Have you had the turkey bratwurst?
No.
It happens to be excellent.
Very good.
But it sounds like, is he just like you gave me the like a turkey burger?
It's pretty damn good.
It's very, very good.
Anyway, here's the facts from Moses, my good close personal buddy.
I just wanted to let you know I just bought a new vet in white.
I love the heads up display.
I just thought I wanted to let you know your friend Moses,
PS, nothing wrong with teenage girls having sex, says Moses,
and especially with him is what he's talking about.
That's right.
Now I'm sure it's right.
And he's obviously getting plenty.
He's getting a lot.
Good life, plenty.
The last couple of times I've been back there, boy, every time I come in,
he's got like the low on his face.
Look a little bit better and a little happy.
He's like, you know, he's getting laid like at least five, six times a day.
Right.
No question about that.
Of course, he's got the right connections to get laid all the way around.
You know, the Corvette, Corvette, drugs, daddy.
I mean, he's just got it made all the way around.
You know, poor little Moses.
He's a golden boy.
He is.
Now, what's he saying about the heads, all heads up?
Or speaking of that Rhode Island capital could elect gay mayor Providence Rhode Island.
Mayor, candidate David Sicilini is a one man political rainbow.
Tag in Jewish liberal wealthy and gay.
He's also saying the stage for Providence to become the largest US city to elect an openly gay mayor.
Oh, don't let Dr. Kennedy hear that.
Recent pull show with a commanding lead over three other contenders and the race to succeed.
Vinnie Bunts, a buddy.
What is it?
Vince Vincent, buddy, she and she junior an old school palo, a fellow office for parts of four decades before he was sentenced to five years in prison for corruption.
She and she was a Roman Catholic and a heavily Catholic city and used to square beautiful women around town.
It's a fluke of history says Brown University political science professor, Darryl West.
David came along at a time when people were looking for something different.
David is different from buddy, Cianci and just about every way.
The 41 year old son of the state's best known organized crime lawyer, Sicilini is the,
see, Chichilini is the way you pronounce it, Italian.
Can I never know how the Americans pronounce the Italian names?
It's always some guido pronunciation.
Chichilini is right not to be known as the gay candidate that led some of the gay community to be vultering.
The recent primary and back of his chief opponent, the former mayor Joseph Paulino Jr.
But are sure a lot of guido's in that town are there.
Apparently man and providence.
There were a couple of people I think haven't stressed my sexual orientation strongly now during the campaigns that Chichilini,
four term state legislator, I just don't think it's relevant.
I'm running for mayor providence, represent all the people of the city, not just the faggot.
He said something like that.
Somebody writes this is America question mark on the story that they facts made.
Did you see this?
Yes.
From the Grand Rapids press today.
No, it's a very nauseating, I read the whole thing.
Laurie Blumkey thought she was doing her civic duty last week when she told the judge her recent heart feelings toward police officers
might take her ability to service an impartial juror.
She was stunned when Judge David buter, no relation to the driver's Troy buter and Terry buter,
David buter chief judge of Grand Rapids District Court declined to excuse her from jury duty.
Instead he ordered her to perform 24 hours of community service.
Blumkey 33 reported last Friday the court's alternate sentencing office where she was assigned to pick up
litter along with convicts.
She was also slated to work eight hours at an three consecutive Mondays in October and must submit to a breathalyzer test.
I feel like I got punished for being honest about my opinion said Blumkey who manages Bridge Street super wash laundromat on Grand Rapids West side.
I'm going to miss three days of work I'm being treated like a criminal because I told the truth.
Buter and CISTI didn't punish Blumkey but offered her a choice between community service or changing her mind about police.
The judge said he offered the same option to four jurors in similar situations during his eight years on the bench,
including a woman last week who complained in writing to him that religious principles prevent her from sitting in judgment.
What I told Blumkey was we'd be selecting jurors for criminal cases all day long and all of them likely would include the testimony of police officers buter said
if she continued with that kind of response he wouldn't be on any cases.
If we're going to be effective spreading more among the jurors and we have one who says she can't or won't, I give them the option of community service.
Blumkey said she was given no choice by the judge.
An option is an alternative which means choices she said I told him the truth.
How was taking back the truth and option?
If he had said you can do 24 hours of community service or 10 pushups I'd be doing the pushups.
Grand Rapids resident selected for duty in District Court serve for two months during which time they may be called for selection of juries.
Depending on the luck of the blind draws some get assigned to up to five trials others might never have their names called.
On September 13, Gloomski's name was drawn with six others to take a seat in the jury box as potential jurors in a malicious destruction of property case.
The prosecutor in the Fenthaler took turns asking questions in an effort to get an impartial panel.
When asked if she could give police officers a fair hearing Blumkey said she probably could not.
She told the judge she was upset that police the previous weekend refused to take a report for a co-worker who was hit by a woman with a broom handle
when the woman was told she couldn't park in the laundromat parking lot.
Blumkey was excused from that jury at the prosecutor's request but the luck of the draw put her back in the jury box a few minutes later when the court picked a jury for a drunk and driving case.
The judge asked me if I still had the same opinion about police I said yes I do and he said I could fulfill my civic duty by performing 24 hours of community service Blumkey said my jaw fell.
I saw that others get excused I expected to be told thank you Ms. Blumkey or excused.
The judge said he couldn't be called Blumkey being petal and or disingenuous I don't know what her true motivation was but her said what did become clear is that every time she was called she was going to talk about whatever experience this was and she was going to be excused we were going to have the other jurors watch this I have concerns about that.
Michigan court allows court rules allow a judge to hold a potential jury and contempt for answering false then questionnaires in this case area judges say they respect but are but sided with Blumkey.
You can't punish somebody for an answer unless you can prove it say deliberate attempt to get out of jury duty rock for district judge Steven Surveys said he needs statements from others who said they heard him saying he was going to deceive the court otherwise you just have to excuse them and get them out of there as quickly as you can.
Another judge said he fears butre sanctions sent the wrong message to other jurors the whole purpose of questioning jurors is we're trying to find somebody's going to be fair and impartial can with district judge William Kelly said I fear the message of the to the rest of the jurors is I better lie or face punishment then you have people were truthful about the prejudices going back to the jury room and then they raised cane over their hidden issues.
Holland district judge Susan Jonas is saying he never impose a sentence on a jury although she drew all of you she did find a jury once 150 bucks for twice fading to appear for drugs.
How do you like that huh?
Zined America baby.
Either change your attitude or go out there and the pickup will watch a trash the head of the bunch of scumbags.
Oh God.
Proof 26 at 560 WQAM with your busy lifestyle need a little bit of help with your health here's one product that can help you do that and that's Oliomand easy to take you just pop it in your pussy every day and they've got a different product for each different part of your health.
Oliomand contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with some vitamins and minerals and herbals and they've engineered one to help your heart there's one to help lower your blood pressure one for your cholesterol one for your prostate your circulatory system your digestive system your ender consists of your skin and your bones and there's even an Oliomand supplement for your mom.
You can find all using the benefits of the finest and purest out of oil you'll find anywhere is and don't forget Oliomand makes products for men and you ladies out there they've got special ones for you too.
It's picked them up today at Whole Food Markets Walgreens, Sedano's and Avarro Pharmacies.
In fact when you go to the new pizza lot on Monday stop in a Walgreens and tell Marcy once some Oliomand they got it.
For more information about this great new product called her tool free number 1 866 Oliomand that's 1 866 Oliomand which you can also order online at oliomedamerica.com.
You're sports radio 560 G.A.M.
A Roger.
One family has captured the imagination of all of America it's Al Quetta in the family.
Hailing the Indian Fistels, non-believers go through hell.
Hailing in the cave that smells.
These are the days.
Osao bin Laden's favorite son Todd is taking over the family business.
Funny business that is.
Osao that beat it you day back and where is that no good meat turban son of mine?
You called Pop?
Al Quetta in the family.
It's like something you've seen before.
Oh boy, some of mom's got rid of it.
What are you going to do?
Eat the great Satan the devil.
Jesus, no Pop, just build up my strength for the jihad.
Stop feeling up and stop blowing up.
When the son of a jackal gets a son of his own, kill Larry and Suzan Al Quetta in the family.
Only on Al Jazeera TV Land.
Cufferty 1 at 560 WNQ, I'm speaking of freedoms which haven't only were loosened very rapidly including in Grand Rapid.
Gora accuses Bush of eroding freedom.
Democrat Al Gore criticizing President Bush as he tests the waters for another possible presidential bid.
Accused the administration yesterday of an attack on civil liberties and ignoring signs that Osao bin Laden has been planning a terrorist attack on U.S. soil.
It was the former vice president's second skating attack on Bush in a week.
Speaking of a Democratic fundraising breakfast in Wilmington, Delaware, which is really a joke because in Delaware they have no freedoms at all.
Gora took issue with the administration's handling of intelligence information prior to the 9-11 attacks and for its treatment of some terrorism suspects since then.
The warnings were there before the attack score said he asserted that Bush is just a department that devoted more time and agents to investigating a suspected brothel in New Orleans and the monitoring bin Laden and the Zellkite network.
Where is the sense of priorities, Ascor? Where is the fent of priority?
On Monday at San Francisco, he accused Bush of squandering the international goodwill that the United States had accumulated in the aftermath of the terror attacks by his increasingly hardline on Iraq.
Gora, who was nearly defeated by Bush in 2000, alleged, challenged both the wisdom of targeting Saddam Hussein at this time and the president's suggestions of unilateral U.S. actions should he fail to win you and backing.
The strong words of the San Francisco speech, a rare direct challenge to the popular president's counter to the war and terrorism, caught some Democrats by surprise.
But analysts suggested it's also involved in others to speak out and may have helped pave the way for the harsh criticism of Bush on Wednesday by Senate Majority Leader Tom Dashel.
The Vice President's activity was widely seen as an attempt to position himself for another run of the presidency in 2004 and set himself apart from Bush as well as other would be Democratic contenders ahead of the presidential primary election season.
Al Gora stepping up to his political activity number of ways by speaking out and traveling across this country to help raise resources for Democrats in the 2002 election said,
General Cabrera, a Gora spokesman, who are plans to give another strongly-worded policies speech in the coming days, though the exact topic and timing haven't yet been announced.
Gora's comments here today came into fundraising breakfast or a Delaware Attorney General candidate Carl Schnee.
Gora said highly-questable decisions are being made in the criminal justice system under Attorney General John Ascroff, aka Hermann Gehring.
What's going on nationally with the attack on civil liberties with American citizens in some cases just disagreeing without right to counsel, without access to a lawyer? I think that's disgraceful, he said.
I think we need to stand up for our principles and discovery and stand up for what this nation represents, even as we face the terrible dangers that we have to confront in the world today he added.
Gora also decried any efforts to portray Democratic critics of the administration's homeland security plans and possible where the rack is unpatriotic or unconcerted by national security.
Senator Jew Lieberman, Gora's Vice-Presidential running mate two years ago, has taken issue with some of Gora's earlier comments that targeting Saddam could damage the war and terrorism, but he said yesterday on CNN he considered Gora's criticism of Bush's national security policies definitely responsible.
He said of Gora meaning Jew Lieberman, he's got great credibility on national security matters, he was Vice President for eight years, making those kinds of decisions.
I think his voice is important to be heard, is what he said.
And then he said he's exploring oh god Lieberman is exploring a potential presidential bid himself, although he said that he won't run if Gora does, Gora says he'll make up his mind by December.
Hey Al, it's not anything personal, but don't do it, please. Please don't do it. Please, pretty please. And hey you two Jew Lieberman, get out of here.
I think I'd make a fine president.
Oh man, wimpy and wimpyist, just pathetic.
See this is the great failure of the two party system in this country, total failure, absolute failure beyond a shadow of a doubt.
That these are the kind of hacks that they come up with, these pathetic, lame ass idiotic tragic.
In fact, you know something, I think they're both the Al Gore and Jew Lieberman, they're from the Josie Gaki personality school. I really believe that.
Robert Blake, this is from the globe. I know we'd finally get around to this, make you happy.
Robert Blake tried to strangle wife during kinky romp, little heart around.
J.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L
The
Robert Strangler
Strangler
Strangler
Strangler
Strangler
Strangler
Strangler
Strangler
PLAYING
Strangler
Strangler
Strangler
Brave
Strangler
Strangler
Strangler
frangler
old man out of their money and had been married ten times. She told pals that she
in Blake first had sex the night they met in the rear of his SUV. They had sex in the rear.
There you go right up your alley.
You're up dirty sex.
The authors claimed that the first Blake wanted pregnant baby to sell their baby.
Back them.
Telling her he knew where they could get $100,000 for the tot.
But after Little Rose was born January 2, 2000 the actor decided he wanted to give the
baby to his childless grown daughter Delina a psychotherapist.
No relationship to the line of the shields.
The books as he feared Rose would grow up exposed to the sex business if she were raised by her mother.
So Blake carried two men to pose his cops the authors right when Blake Lee flew into Los Angeles with Rose from Arkansas
where they were living the men arrested her arrested in quotes for violating probation on fraud charges.
They put Blake Lee back on a plane for Arkansas and Blake gave Rose to his own grown daughters as the book.
Blake Lee later returned to Wellay and filed kidnapping charges against Blake.
The actor only married her on November 19, 2000 after she threatened to sue him for $75 a month in child support.
But when she learned that Blake Lee was planning to take Rose away from Delina who was still raising the child when he learned that he went berserk and killed his wife charges the book.
Bonnie and I planned a kidnapping says how I think that's what got her shot.
How do you like that?
We're going to kidnap the kid to get her back.
Yeah.
And but I'm being surprised, bitch.
Ain't going to happen.
That wasn't a surprise.
21 to 1 at 560 WQA.
But this thing is flown along.
It's almost lunchtime.
Oh God.
I'm just polishing over here.
Too much food talk today.
Not that much really.
No, not really.
Just just enough though.
Could put me over the edge.
I want to get that bathtub full of that cheese broccoli soup again.
Of course, you don't like broccoli.
No.
You don't like cheese broccoli soup?
No, thank you.
It doesn't have like big chunks of broccoli.
If the broccoli was anywhere near it in the kitchen in the fridge while the
See, I always know that you went at the Bush one, but for the walkerite.
There's something in common.
Who's also named George?
Yeah, I see.
There you go.
Is there still anybody in the universe, anybody with a brain who's not plunging
or guts out at VIP sportsbook.com?
If there is, I better tell you right now you're missing out on a really sensational sportsbook.
A lot of people are pumping out their sportsbook these days, but you better do some research
before you put on your harder under stolen cash at some unstable third world sportsbook,
like say in Sweetwater.
Let me help you out.
VIPsportsbook.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdogs.
They're Dutch-based and wonderful Holland man.
I'll still believe in one of the first online sportsbooks.
Seriously, if you want to go on a rule of life, time you certainly want to be with the best sportsbook
going and that is Beyond Chat Overed Out VIPsportsbook.com.
Football season is going.
Big time Patriots are going to kick San Diego's ass again Sunday.
You need to be with VIPsportsbook.com.
So open an account online and get you a 15% cash signup bonus.
Then I mentioned they got the highest parliads in the world.
They're up to 2001, while they certainly do.
So get your ass over to VIPsportsbook.com and play with the book with some serious class.
Call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
That's 1-866 VIP bets.
And don't forget if you sign up online, that's the way to get that 15% cash bonus at VIPsportsbook.com
where you definitely do be the VIP.
My and lobe.
This is 430560.
We can weigh in.
We can weigh in.
Honest Secretary of the R&D, by the way, I stand in passing.
Have a million dollar weekend.
And the suck.
WQAM 56.
When you're into a romantic mood with your guy,
and he wants to tap that alternate input, are you put off?
Do you find the thought of that kind of thing just too uncomfortable to even consider?
Well, now there's a solution to that dilemma.
Famous Anus expansion cream.
Just put a dab of Famous Anus around your pucker.
And in just a few minutes, your third input will stand a full four inches, making anal a breed.
So don't disappoint him.
Get it to the Famous Anus.
You'll bet your ass.
You'll love it.
Yes, I saved that from almost the end because I knew for the end.
It'll be right up your alley.
244560 WQAM.
Oh, this story's a little bit on appetizing the middle of lunch hour.
But it's pretty interesting.
Doctors grow living pig teeth in rats.
They can do anything now.
Boston, the two three, may soon have a new line of business.
US doctor said yesterday,
if managed to grow living pig teeth in rats,
a feed of biotechnology that experts said could spark a dental revolution.
Researchers at Boston's Forsyth Institute said the successful experiments suggest
the existence of dental stem cells, which are one day allow for us to replace a lost tooth
with an identical one grown from a his or her own cells.
The ability to identify, isolate and propagate dental stem cells to use in biological replacement tooth therapy
has the potential to revolutionize dentistry, said Dominic D. Powell, a president and CEO of the Institute
that focuses on oral and facial science.
The experiment involved the taking cells from immature teeth of six month old pigs,
treating them with enzymes and then placing the cell clusters in biodegradable scaffolds,
tiny bits of polymer designed to act like a mold for the forming tissue.
The researchers implanted the scaffolds into the abumins of rats,
and within 30 weeks, small recognizable tooth crowns containing an amel and dentin,
a bone-like material found under the amel had formed.
The researchers said they hope that within five years they'll have developed techniques
to grow teeth of a specific size and shape, and that within 10 years it'll be possible
to regenerate human teeth.
How do you like that?
Excellent.
How many eggplants?
Lewis Tarrascio, associate dean of research for New York University's College of Dentistry,
said the research signals that today's of synthetic dental implants, dentures, bridges and crowns are numbered.
Right now they do wonderful things with implants, Tarrascio said after reading the four-cyth research,
implants work pretty well, but it's not a natural tooth.
He predicted there was no danger of dentistry being put out of business
and people are able to grow their own substance, noting American dentistry typically been the forefront of technology,
the professional adapt and help people grow teeth, he said it'll probably be a boon.
Two-year-old surgeons will be doing this sort of surgery, a boon, rams with June.
Oh, this is a great, I love this.
This is excellent.
I mean, even though it's just a short piece, this is a thing about doctors.
Right, and we all knew that by the way.
Yeah, we knew it, but of course the doctors because they wear those white coats.
They have other men and white coats come and take most of the doctors away,
because most of our axiomers are grave robbers.
London, doctors should keep quiet and let patients explain their problems instead of interrupting them.
Swiss scientists said today, most patients can explain what's wrong with them in less than two minutes
and may even be swift or according to Dr. Wolf, Langewood's the University of Hospital in Basel.
The research from the US has shown that doctors usually start talking after about 22 seconds.
Doctors do not risk being swamped by their patients' complaints if they listen until a patient indicates that
or his or her or her or her or her.
His complaint is complete, Langewood said to report in the British Medical Journal when he has colleagues used to
hidden stopwatch to time patients until they were finished talking the average time was 92 seconds,
although elderly patients tended to take longer.
You know what I'm talking about?
I just have so many problems.
Doctor, I don't know.
Plus they got all day anyway.
You know, they're not in the ordinary.
Even in a busy practice driven by time constraints and financial pressure,
two minutes of listening should be possible and will be sufficient for nearly 80% of patients, Langewood's added.
So there you go.
Okay.
Doctor, and quit interrupting.
Let me at least tell you what my symptoms are.
Yeah, right.
They don't want to hear it because they're busy running back and forth to room number one and room number two and room number three.
And they got at least half of those people lined up and they're little waiting rooms there.
And they're marking on the outside of the chart.
Who the hell are you people kidding?
Esmeralda doctor, mostly, okay.
You know what that means?
It means you're a doctor like my little dog is a doctor.
Gray robbers.
I see I get whipped up about that doctor thing.
And again, and because people are so tremendously brainwashed.
And of course, people like especially the old parts on Medicare, they don't give a crap.
They're not paying for it.
They're not going to have to write a check.
And it's something to do is it's a project.
It's an outing.
Do you know any people old parts in South Florida don't like at least once a week making out into this?
Just some kind of a doctor.
They just act up.
I went to the dentist.
I went to the throat doctor.
I went to the ophthalmologist.
I went to the...
Yeah.
They get their hair done.
Of course, the problem with my mother is she can't find a real doctor.
She's still working on it.
She's looking for one.
Let me know when you find a real one, Ma.
And then tell me who it is.
Because so far, well, at least Rimmer got me Dr. Hemp.
But that's like an Ian.
And you know, she's ear nose and throat.
Well, she's great.
But you got another thing.
If you could like cut yourself off at the neck, like Ted Williams.
Then she'd be perfect.
But you got other things going on besides your ear nose and throat.
You know what I'm talking about?
Like your back bone.
And other things as well.
Hey, you want a chance to win a free beer from the Vermont Teddy Bear Company?
Just sign up to be a pre-fuerred member.
That's free, too.
Find out more by calling them to a free at 1-800-829-Bair.
Or visiting their first-aid just website at VermontTeddyBair.com.
If you're looking for a fun and different gift for somebody's birthday new baby
or want to wish somebody well, sending a barricade gift is perfect.
Just call 1-800-829-Bair and a barricot.
And we'll help you choose from over 100 hand-crafted bears.
Personalize just for your loved one and deliver them like a colorful gift box
with a card and candy.
It's a creative alternative to flowers.
It'll be enjoyed forever because Vermont Teddy bears are guaranteed for life.
You can choose from bears like the new baby bear with a baby's name and birthday
and birthday on the bib.
Or wish somebody well with a good wish is fairy bear.
That's for real.
I didn't make that up.
The good wish is fairy bear.
Maybe I'll send one to Moses.
They've got bears for hobbies, not your patients like the gardening bear
and the cooking bear or the business man and woman bears.
That's right.
You want to think about it.
Over night and Saturday, the liver is guaranteed.
So call this toll free number or you can shop online, too.
Here's the toll free number first.
Don't get ahead of yourself, Fatso.
Call 1-800-829-Bair.
Or like I said, shop online at Vermont Teddy bear.com.
Show you care.
Send a bear, the creative alternative to flowers.
Call 1-800-829-B-E-A-R.
Be sure and tell them that old Neil told you to call.
My and local, this is Sports Real 560.
We can weigh you.
Friday, you bastard.
Have you ever had to explain to your parents, your offense?
I have downloaded things I masturbated against.
Seems all the time I'd have my eyes on the boots and be high.
Sick in the mind, but I used to do that all of the time.
Every morning, noon in night, I'd hit a porno site.
Upon a fight for bird, it's six-leg go.
In my own right, there were places I found with lots of horny bear chicks.
So my desk, I got those jeep eggs, all 20 gigs.
Until one day, my mother discovered this trophy.
Porn over, a kidney rotten up behind.
Told me my mind's in the gutter, and she told my dad about the stuff on my cell.
My computer made me a loser, and could lend me an hell.
I'm sorry, mom.
I never thought that you could do.
All those naked girls and guys, so tonight, I'm cleaning out my hard drive.
Yeah, I'm cleaning out stuff right now.
It's called spam.
I'm going to tell you, just during this last break, I went out there to check something.
And I've got like 745 pop-up ads on there.
Yeah.
And I just, I discovered the last ones.
Pain in the ass.
I mean, it should be illegal, don't you think?
It should be.
Well, why ain't it?
Because, because we want it.
Okay, now what's this pissed off in plantation?
As much as I love your show, I'm very disappointed in your comments on Al Gore.
Well, the stupid frack boy, I'm just so much as this in World War III,
Al Gore is one of the few people who have the guts to speak out against these warmongers.
You want to make fun of the way you talk?
Hey, I hate to break the news, dear. That's why he lost, okay?
He's got a personality like a dead man.
In addition to which his whole campaign was, every day he was trying to change who he was.
Change the Al Gore.
The one day was the tough Al Gore.
The next day was the schmoozy family Al Gore.
Kissing his wife on the lips for about 30 minutes.
Who you can?
Why don't you ever make fun of Bush's phony Texas cowboy accent?
Didn't you know he called Saddam a homo-sidal instead of a homo-sai-
Yeah, I did know that.
I talked about it.
Yeah, let's keep making fun of how boring Al Gore is while we watch our asses open spoke.
While your company's good-witcher, you're sounding like Anne Colter Tucker Carlson
and Robert Novak all rolled together.
See, here's some asshole because I say one thing that they don't like.
Well, blow it out your ass, okay?
Blow it out your lily white ass.
I don't think there's anybody on there anywhere been ripping the bush-mice there more than I had.
And this didn't just start a week ago Tuesday.
But with some people, it's never going to be enough.
And the Democratic, you know, you can make all the excuses you want for Gore.
He's a loser.
If the Democratic, I guarantee you can take it to the bank right now.
Barring some unforeseen circumcised, if things were as they are right at this moment,
if Al Gore were the Democratic nominee in 2004, you've got a China-Mins chance in hell, baby,
as in less than none, none and much less than none.
Is there any doubt about a boot that?
No, Janet's got a better chance.
That's right, and she's got no chance, and she's still got a better chance.
As we discovered two years ago, like I said, he couldn't win a fixed election.
It was fixed and he couldn't win it.
I mean, he just, and I saw that performance of his the other day.
And I'll tell you one thing, I'd rather have Ted Kennedy any day of the week.
Oh, hey, man, after that speech I was listening during the break.
Any day of the week.
I mean, he's a scumbag, and he's got chap aquatic, and he's got the drink.
But I'm going to tell you something.
We got to forget about all that personal bull crap.
He's dynamic.
He's articulate.
He makes sense.
He's the conscience.
He's the force of the Democratic Party, not wouldn't old Al Gore.
Right on.
I mean, he's, he's, he talks like a simpleton, okay?
And don't give me a song to dance about what a genius he is either.
I mean, sure, he's a light years ahead of Bush, which is why I voted for Al Gore.
And I would again, right now, not because I like Al Gore, because he's the anti-Bush,
he's the alternative to fascism.
That's what he is.
He's the buffer.
And all you're whining and wailing about, Bush, I consider him to talk every day about his accent,
make fun of him, and play a president, dumb shmit, or whatever.
But the fact of the matter is, he's still in there.
And he ain't going away for another two years, at least.
Yeah, I know.
The prospect is chilling.
Lockbox.
But this song to dance about, I'm sounding like Tucker Carlson.
My ass, okay?
Pist off in plantation.
That's for you, Schmidthead.
Anyway, don't forget to join the George Carlis and who else?
Miguel.
And Miguel.
Oh, well, oh, at the Bill Cytles thing, don't be, oh, he won't be a Bill Cytles.
He's not always this time there.
He's a good friend.
George and Carlos tomorrow 11 and 1 at Bill Cytles, Boulevard of Savings in Miami, just west of 27th Avenue on Northwest 36th Street,
where some of the people there might even have some ID who George is, but I doubt it.
Stop by for some of crappy, crem prizes and get that great free food, those sensational sandwiches, those fat-filled sandwiches,
from Atlantic City subs where the bread and iron make the difference.
And then, if that hasn't enough phenomenal excitement for your weekend in South Florida,
come by the Casterway Seafood Company located on the corner of University in Griffin Road,
this Monday, September 30th, well, Monday's a big day.
A humongous day, we got the opening of the brand new pizza loft in Plent in prestigious plantation where somebody's pissed off, too bad.
And then, at Casterway Seafood, George will be there with Carlos and Miguel, and anybody else who wants them for your child.
I'm a corner university in Griffin from 6 to 8 p.m., Q and prize van will be there with some craft and great food and drink specials too.
So we got all kinds of goodies coming up.
How come we're promoting that now, by the way?
Because Adam, remember, he couldn't get a spot on because we were sold out alive even though we're now.
And so he asked you, please, could you...
Or just as an extra incentive to plant the sea milk, because there would have been some spots on there promoting it, but he couldn't get any on there.
I see, because this grand has no idea what's going on.
Well, that's unusual. Maybe she's hanging out with Todd directly these days instead of...
Roy!
Maybe she's gone from extra large to extra small.
If you could program your TV to knock one person off at air, black him out, who would it be?
So you never have to see him again. George W. 93, Jesse Jackson 51, Carrot Top 41, Al Sharpton 31, Steve that El computer dude 29, Oprah's got 28, Brian Orkross 21, Martha Stewart 19, Dr. Phil is already up to 60.
How come you've got Dr. Phil McGraw?
And that's his name?
I know that's his name, but do we like neaties? I guess so, because it helped.
And quarter 15, Larry King 13, Bill O'Reilly 11.
Single digits for Billy Mays, the orange glow infomercial guy 5, kind of leaves a 5.
Romy still got 4. Who now that occurs about Romy?
Barbara Walters 3, Shepherd Smith's got a pair now. You got a CM.
They're polka dots.
Emma Legaci's got 1 and Richard Quest, they know who that is.
The guy would be a gruesome grotesque teeth and the really bad breath on CNN.
Bye, bye, bye!
