when you want them to zag they sag yeah it's just bizarre there was 990 votes on the
poor from yesterday and I said when we get to a thousand then I'll give you the result
and I will thought that during the break there that there would have been even a cranks
follow what I'm saying even the people that we ordinarily don't want voting 7500 times
now they won't do it what you don't want to do with the huh now that you've mentioned
it yes I'm sure they'll be right on there well what do you got I got 993 last time I
checked so in other words during the during the interim 994 one more we got
6 to go before I give it a result anyway while we're waiting for that waiting
for the audience to finally crawl on their hands and knees over their
pewdiepie's before we do whatever you had it might I probably with the phone thing
and maybe it should work oh should we try it again yes while the line is ringing
maybe he can answer well your carless will have to punch it out
punch it by line five or whatever put it on hold it'll be maybe it'll be him
oh look at that he put it on hold that's a beautiful talking to them and we don't hear it on the air
that means I think it's working but how come I got it like I got the on hold
the old look at that it's a beautiful thing I can actually punch it up and see if there's somebody
on there is that good to start okay let's not get carried away hello hello
oh ah they don't know you're talking to them you know why why what a knees talking to you
why is he talking to you it's a good question what are you talking about he's talking to you how can he be talking to you I got a fun stuff here he doesn't know that you're talking to the call the caller doesn't know they're on hello
they're an asshole Neil to caller you think it's an asshole or I think it's us again okay try to try another one Carlos come on I realize we're really putting you through a lot of a lot of work here this morning you punched it up and Carlos got it in the headset instead of on the air so we're still screwed up
he got one in the headset the caller when you punched up the caller instead of the caller going on the air it went in the headset and and the car was a little head piece
well how about line three I punched up line three he should be on here hello hello yes sir I told you see no problem
hi yeah I want you to take calls back I don't want to hear bedtime stories every day from the newspaper you're killing me yeah how can you how come sir when you come down when you come down a little bit
just come down a bit take a deep breath okay now you're still listening we've been doing bedtime stories for six months on the show and you're still there
sir did he disappear oh he just ran away I get yeah that was it he ran away he couldn't explain to me while he still isn't that must have been times like his boyfriend call and you know what he does one of your bedtime stories he wants their entertaining callers let me give you I'm gonna sum up the callers and two words and he's right there one of them
suck holes and sickies it's SNS member Hitler had the SS yes same thing with callers on talk shows 95% of the callers are suck holes and sickies oh gee how are you so great on those games on Sunday and Mark Albert such a piece of crap people that want to suck up to the host which is a very large percentage or a guy like this that just wants to take a cheap shot I mean you know I I can go back and do that again I can take all the stuff I got over here I got 6,000 different bedtime stories he calls them a lot of which I think is pretty important stuff I don't need to dick with that I can go back to doing this again it's a big deal I'm not gonna do it again I'm gonna do it again I'm gonna do it again I'm gonna do it again I'm gonna do it again I'm gonna do it again I'm gonna do it again I'm gonna do it again I'm gonna do it again I'm gonna do it again I'm gonna do it again I'm gonna do it again
I can actually get some sleep in my life instead of sitting in here to 11 30 at night like printing out crap is that with the audience wants well let's see do we have our thought we got a thousand six I think we got a little bit of a curvy to win should Neal start taking calls on the show again yes please 286 28.4% now you can just imagine of that 28.4% how many of them are people like this last guy
What is it that they hear from the callers that so-guy them entertaining?
Can they tell me?
And maybe we'll find out from some people today.
What is it that they hear from them?
Oh, it's the way you interact with a caller.
Interact with what?
What is there to interact with?
This last guy doesn't even have a conversation.
I asked him how come he's still listening if he don't want to hear bedtime stories after
six months of my changing the format and he runs away.
Like a typical coward.
Rhymes with Howard.
You know what I mean?
Shut up.
Yes, please, 286 calls.
Yes, but only a few 272.
I think we've already done a few, haven't we?
A two?
Well, that's a couple.
Three would be a few.
It makes no difference to me.
172, there is the 17%.
I guess that it was running about 14%.
You notice how strong that came on?
Right.
17% of this audience will listen no matter what the hell we do.
We can even put George on.
And I think that's what he kept.
About 17% of the audience this summer or close to it.
Pretty weak.
Six.
Anyway, why?
16%.
Moving right along.
Now, see now there's a whole bunch of them coming in.
Just calm down.
No more votes.
OK, calm down.
Ease off.
It makes no difference to me.
17.1%.
Like I said, see, keep them coming in.
Maybe one one day a week, 1336, 13.5%.
Absolutely not.
Please.
75, 7.4%.
And if he does, I'll blow my brains out.
67, 6.6%.
Now, if I were to done the same pool four months ago.
The result would have been different because there would have been a lot more people saying,
oh, yeah, the people that want to hear the calls, the idiots, the cranks,
there would have been a lot more than listening because you've got to understand a lot of those people are gone.
Right.
Which doesn't phase me at least because I said at the time, I'll rebuild an audience.
We'll just replace those with people with an IQ larger than their thumbnail as opposed to people who think,
but it calls very entertaining every day.
It wasn't entertaining.
Sikies and suckles, that's 95% of the colors, which leaves 5%.
And again, keep in mind that less than 1%, a fraction of 1% of the audience of any talk show actually ever make a call.
Keep that in mind.
I never eat very few.
Huh?
I'll never forget that.
Right.
And especially a show that's on in the middle of the day like this one,
how many people have got time in the middle of the day to sit and make a call to a talk show and stay out hold so they can say,
oh, gee, we don't want to hear any more bedtime stories, Neil.
Take some calls.
Take some calls to say, what?
It's like when the people when I used to do that thing and people would call and say, oh gee,
well, don't talk about this.
And I say, well, what would you like to talk about?
Did they ever have an answer?
Did they ever once have an answer?
No.
Not once.
Now, anything.
Give me a suggestion.
What would you like to talk about?
What would you like to hear us talking about?
Never once had a suggestion.
They just wanted to talk about it.
I never talked about it.
They just wanted a bitch.
They just wanted a bitch in belly ache and moan and grown.
And I guess that's where I entertain you with a lot of people.
I just got burned out.
I'm hearing a bunch of assholes on the telephone.
Now, maybe like I said, that's terrific entertainment.
Maybe we can get like double digits again.
We can have those ratings zoom in up again.
Let's pander to the audience.
Give them what they want.
What do you say?
No.
Now, here's, can I get to this one?
This guy deserves a real big tribute, even though I have no idea who the hell he is.
Kevin Bastard, this is the kind of market that you people are living in, okay?
Kevin Bastard finally writes a little thing about radio.
A guy that I never heard of.
Ron King, no relation to Larry.
No.
The evening 7 p.m. to 1 a.m. personality on soft contemporary music station, W.L.Y.F.F.M. life.
We'll sign off the year for the final time Friday, ending a 46 year radio career.
Well, good for him.
And his co-workers are promising to set him off at 1 a.m. with a goodbye worthy of nearly five decades of work.
It's been a great ride, King says.
This obviously is something I love doing or I wouldn't have kept doing it.
I have such wonderful memories of all the people I've been privileged to meet or entertain.
But I feel as though I've got an extended family number in the thousands entertain.
You find that life is entertaining.
And now I heard the carpenters on life.
King 64 is planning to move out West following Friday's departure.
But he's not saying what will come after that.
He's a special person who helped make this a wedding radio station.
Says Rob Sidney, life's director of programming and operations.
So his colleagues put their heads together and came up with several surprises that will make his last shift, last shift something special.
Kind of like Elvis, his last shift was something special, but there was no effinent.
We can't host pet rivers and Debbie Delgado will split the evening duties.
It says anybody ever heard Ron King?
No, Carlos ever hear of him?
No, George.
Nope.
Neil.
No.
Larry.
Drew.
No.
Okay.
So he's been a very important personality on life.
And Kevin Baxter decides to waste time in a prestigious hero writing a piece about that, which is shocking and scandalous at the very end.
That's okay.
Better write about that than a trend.
We don't write about trends.
Okay.
926 and 560 WQAM with your busy lifestyle.
You need some help to get some energy, especially when it's 100 degrees outside the humidity is 200%.
Only a mental do it for you.
Only medicine, exciting new product.
It contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with lots of other good stuff for your health.
For your, they got vitamins, minerals and herbals in there.
And they have a separate product for each part of your body.
There's one for your heart.
Well, not one for that.
One for your heart.
One for your blood pressure.
One for your cholesterol and prostate.
All in a soft-hell capsule.
So there is one for that.
And they also have supplements that grow health in your circulatory system.
Your digestive, your endocrine system.
Your skin and your bones, even your mind.
Don't forget small-village.
All using the benefits of the best olive oil that money can buy in olio-medma.
See, as soon as I mentioned prostate, a small-village came to mind.
And olio-medma is products for men and ladies as well.
You can get it in the whole food markets.
Walgreens, synanos, and nevarropharmacy.
If you'd like to get more information about what the hell it's all about, just call the olio-med people.
They'll answer all the questions you have with their toll free number.
1-866 olio-med.
That's 1-866 olio-med and you can order their products online if you like.
That's the easy way.
And oliomedamerica.com.
Live in local.
Here's sports radio 560.
You a-
U-A-M.
Where of exploding balls?
560 W-Q-A-M.
Presents the O-P-N-E-N-Th-N-E-Shall.
O-T-O-T-O-L-F.
Oil Howard David.
This is O-P.
And I'm Anthony.
Your wait-a-man is it's me with a low voice.
Oh.
Yeah, you got the affected boy.
Okay.
Hi, Anthony.
Yeah, hi, O-P.
And let's not forget our old pal.
I know Howard David.
Yeah, I was wondering how long we'd take for you to punch the girl around for me.
I really hit the big time, huh?
Here I am with the O-P-N-E-N-E.
Hey, Mo.
What?
Take off your pants.
Yeah, we're gonna rape you now.
You gotta be kidding me.
This is a family show.
Ah, wrong.
This is the Gopian Anthony show.
Look, come on.
Strap all your guys only did that in touch.
Yeah, thanks.
Get your hair done.
Get out of there.
Gotta fix the mess.
That's my delicacy.
I'm gonna have to catch my delicacy.
I'm a tender.
Why do you think everybody wanna rape me?
Why cos we think it's funny, that's why.
Yeah, you got a nice back.
I got noose for you, pal.
I'm still sprying.
Why, I ought to apologize.
Oh, no.
I got a stance tied, O-P.
I want the red ball.
And after that.
All right, my open white shirt chunky.
Let's sing that together now, shall we?
Okay.
Open white for a jumpy.
All right, stop spiking Anthony.
Okay.
Yeah, that's...
Yeah, use your lips.
No, don't sit up.
I said no, take.
You ready for some spinny ball?
Yeah.
You're not supposed to mean that.
I really saw it.
This will be she behind us, don't I?
I told you.
Yeah.
Mother, take it away, ball.
What?
You're just gonna leave me here?
We'll be right back.
I'm 560.
I feel so used.
I'm 33, 560 W to Q and we feel so used after seeing those numbers, Mo.
Man, how low can Mo go is our question.
I think that's the answer.
So, now, I'm confused because you say I took two calls.
Well, the first guy just we made contact with, right?
Right.
And then the second guy was the guy who was giving me a song and dance about.
He didn't want to hear no bedtime stories and go about it, taking calls.
And then when I asked him, how come he still there after six months of bedtime stories,
he ran away.
And of course, the reason he ran away is because I back him into a corner and he couldn't
answer the question.
That doesn't require any brilliance on my part.
I mean, here's another asshole.
Let's call him in belly-acon.
They don't like what he's listening to.
Doesn't make any sense to me.
It makes no sense whatsoever.
Six months later, he's calling.
Oh, gee, we'll go back to the cross.
Well, what are you still doing there?
And he can't answer the question.
And I'm already like a little up to just a tad depressed.
I never get depressed on issue anymore.
And I took two calls and I'm already depressed.
Now, who leos in the other room?
Yeah.
To see why this phone thing isn't working the way it up.
Why we have another technical disaster on a QA amendment?
It's certainly not on this end.
For some reason, we can't put people on screen hold.
You know, the little check mark that you normally see.
Yes.
If the regular hold.
And for some reason, when you punch up somebody that's on regular hold,
instead of going on the air, it goes back to Carlos back into the little headset there.
But you can punch people up directly if the line is ringing.
And we don't know why any of this is working the way that it is.
It's your selling on this end.
Oh, I'm sure.
Because no, seriously, because if he is punching up lines and it's going on the year,
that's got nothing to do with up here.
That's on your end.
That's not doing that anymore.
It's doing something else now.
So it's doing something else.
But like I said, on your end, down there, Julio, down there,
where they veer and they antelope play.
Where Bob Vermoth and Minnie Bob continue having a great day,
have not got a clue what's going on.
You know what I heard with the engine?
I don't want to say it because he's a good guy.
The engineer appeared what he had to say about them.
But anyway, no, he seriously, he couldn't believe he said,
you know, we got full-time jobs up here.
It's not like we're just kind of like sitting around on our ass waiting for them to give us orders what to do.
And the stuff shows up here like at the last second.
And right away they give us like a deadline.
It's got to be done in about five minutes.
And they couldn't believe it.
They were a guest.
A guest.
Just like the engineer in Amsterdam was a guest at the incompetence.
But nevertheless, that's Minnie, a Bob, and Bob Vermoth.
So let me tell you about what Bob Vermoth said about the Mo and Ho.
I guess that'll be tomorrow.
Here's our poll question today.
See, I'm all off.
Are you wanting to know why?
Because we took two calls and I feel like I'm all off.
Now, what's the story with Lion 3 here?
Is somebody on it?
Hello?
See, I see like, you don't hear it.
We don't hear it. Carlos hears it.
Yeah, I pressed it again.
Hello?
No.
Yes, sir.
Marie Koon.
Yeah, see, there you go.
Now, I had to press that twice.
Now, what does that mean?
I pressed it one.
I don't know what it means.
It can't be kind of like that.
Fucky on hold thing.
Right.
And then, I don't know.
See, there you go.
We got three calls.
There's a few.
See, somebody said maybe just a few.
Two is a couple and a few is more than two.
That's the definition of a few.
Three or four or more is a few.
Here's our poll question for today.
What should the punishment be for Madeline Gorman too good?
And I already gave this to Eric, so I'll read it fast.
The Indiana woman caught on tape beating her little girl.
Six choices for that.
And of course, George wanted to like embellish it a little bit.
For that Irish traveling gypsy bitch.
You know, I don't want to be that harsh on that bitch until we get to the last choice.
What should the punishment be?
Three years in jail.
One year in jail.
Now, these are just approximate times I've pulled out of my ass.
Okay, I mean, we can't have all the different choices on there.
Probation and loose custody of her children.
Probation only.
No punishments.
Spare the rod and spoil the child.
Or burn the bitch at the stake on national TV.
What's the punishment be?
And to see the way some of these people are making excuses for her.
Well, we don't really see whether she had her hand closed or whether it was a fist or it right.
Give me a frickin' break.
Okay, you maniacs on TV.
In addition to which, what are they letting her use the national media as a conduit,
as a Gary Condon for her excuses?
This, uh, traveling bitch.
Why?
My phone is ringing in the other room.
You think I should go get it?
You want to?
Hey, now, maybe it's my, maybe it's Hank's bookie.
Could be.
Hey, listen, Hank had a 7-1 in his track, baby, in August.
Hank was the great fat white hope for a QA in August.
Nice going there, Humber.
He held up his pants and held up for his end of the bargain.
See, the rest of us are like back in the spring book.
Remember how well we did?
How well Mad Dog did?
Huh?
Yes.
Remember that?
Right?
We were like the great saviors of the station in the spring book and out of the summer book,
even though we had a bad start.
Now, the Humber is like coming through.
When's the morning show going to come through and throw a number in there?
Come on, throw us a number already.
Will you, you silly old man?
Can't put a number in there.
You clown?
You silly person.
Okay.
Everything you ask him, it's the same response.
Every time.
Okay, I guess I better vote.
Oh yeah, let's see.
Should Neil start taking call?
Yeah, I think I'll change my mind on there.
No, I actually did say I'll blow my brains out.
Here is the worst story in the history of the human race.
AOL Time Warner Inc. and Walt Disney Company of Hell talks about merging their CNN and ABC
news divisions into a standalone news powerhouse the LA Times reported today.
The newspaper citing sources familiar with the situation at it, the negotiations got a
loopworm reception last week at an AOL Time Warner board meeting.
AOL Time Warner's parent company of CNN slash money, which is what this is in their website.
The talks have been sporadic for 18 months, but gained momentum in recent weeks the Times quoted sources as saying.
It is the closest to CNN's coming its two year effort to make an alliance with the rival broadcasters news division in a bid to cut costs, the paper said.
The Times said both companies acknowledged ongoing discussion about a news venture.
We've had conversations for the last 18 months and no deal has been reached.
Disney spokesperson Zenia Muko was quoted as saying.
AOL Time Warner spokesman Brad Torello told the Times we've had conversations with two networks and no deals have been reached.
Under the plan the two companies discussed the two news divisions would be merged into a new company with revenues more than $1.6 billion.
CNN would account for more than a billion of that and ABC the rest according to the Times.
AOL Time Warner would own from two thirds to three quarters of the new company and Disney the remainder.
The paper reported that in the operational control of the joint news venture might be more evenly split mitigating some objections from ABC.
CNN earns more than $200 million year before taxes while ABC News will earn estimated pre-tax profit of 10 to 15 million this fiscal year at the time said, citing people familiar with the numbers.
We got the numbers by the way from the trends yesterday and if I feel like it will actually get some of them out.
Not too good for us. Not too good for George.
Sorry. Not too good for more.
Oh, man. Not too good. But the Humper came through a big time. Thank you, Hank.
Thanks for holding us up with your suspenders. Need any more any.
So there's the deal. Wouldn't that be something as we have fewer and fewer choices and a smaller and smaller group of lunatics control all the profit and that's passed off as freaking news in the US today.
Very, very sad. That would be a tragic day.
A sad, sad day. Not that we got, you know, not that we got any choices now, but they're just reducing the number. Very sad.
Well, here's my vote on at the bitch. I'm sorry. Did I give that away?
On at too good. I got a great column about to the two good lady from Andrea Pyson near a post.
She says too bad to good. You were allowed to excuse for a parent. That's a good headline. Ain't it too bad to good?
That's great. Good old Andrea.
Anyway, it's 940 at 560 WQM. I feel like I don't know. I told yesterday this was going to be a tumultuous week on this show and on this station. Did I tell you that?
You did. And I had my thumb on it as usual. I can I can smell it, man, from million miles away. Just drop it and I'll smell it all the way up here.
Tom Lehman and Halipothi X GMCR Extendic that we're talking about them. In fact, they ought to be honored that we're talking about them on a show.
They feel honored. Just go down there and ask them. Tom will say every time Neil mentions my mentions my name. I get a twitch in my groin.
And right now you'll get a twitch when you see that 0% financing is continuing at Halipothi X. You heard right with approved credit from GMAC.
You can continue to get 0% financing for up to 36 months on all those nifty, stiffy new 2003 Pontiacs and GMCs or take yourself a rebate up to $4,000 on all 2002 Pontiacs or GMC models in stock.
The choice is yours. And while you're at Halipothi, they'll be glad to show you around. They complete line of GMC SUVs, including the envoy voted by Motor Trend as SUV of the year and the all new Pontiac Vibe SUV that's got the power of a big fancy schmancy sports car.
And you'll also was always find a dependable select to pre on cars, trucks and SUVs that have no lemons on the lot. And like I always tell you, credits of problem for you.
Maybe you haven't been working in a while. Maybe you have like some lawsy credit stuff on your credit record. Have no fear because if anybody else turned you down, Halipothi will cut you deal anyway.
So for a spectacular deal on Pontiac and GMC, this is the only place you need to be thinking about Halipothi Act. They've been doing it right by people for over 35 years. That same great location.
134-01 South Dixie Highway. That's US one right across from the most prestigious falls open every day, seven days a week. You can call them at 305-238-4040. And be sure and tell them that all fat and you'll turn you to call 305-238-4040 for Halipothi Act GMC. They be professional grade.
This is Fort Radio by City. You're way too way here.
The way something. Yeah? You were right. Burn the bloody bitches. I wasn't gonna play that.
I have no. This is Rosie O'Donnell. So you think I ain't a girl no more, huh? You think I ain't a girl no more?
Two. Would I like to pump out your one? Bang soon. Well for your information, I'm the queen, the queen of my castle.
Of course I'm a girl. Just ask any of my girlfriend. My good, Janna Pino or Ann Colton. Don't tell you I'm a girl. A girl? I'm a girl? Just I don't like being a girl. And I'm not a thing. If you...
Hey, what are you saying, Rosie Boy? Oh, hi, you Kelly. Are you ready for some golfing? I'd like to get one of my handouts today, pal.
I'm worried about everybody not thinking I'm fed. Think I might have something to do with you smelling like Bacchella Coyce. Fish market. You are a metal case.
Change what a girl. Get out. Hi. Then I can't give you this. Give me what? What do you have behind your back?
What the hell am I? Hand it over. Badgesill? You got me badgesill? I am just bought with all the problems you got.
I think you could clear up that mess, but tell you this. So, Ellie, you're the greatest.
Now you're right. There's a lot of that mashed potato yeast going around. You can smell it.
9.47 at 5.60 WQA. It's all over the place.
I'll tell you one thing, man. I got the cure this morning. Make no mistake about that.
And you notice the mighty cone guy. That was the guy. Yeah. He's still there. Sure.
It's not like we gave any great advance notice that we're going to take like a couple of calls on his shoulder.
In fact, probably most people assumed I would not, especially after the results of the poll.
Just for the hell of it, since they fixed the phone, let's try it out and discover by the way that it's all screwed up down there again as usual.
Because the engineers don't know their ass from my elbow, but nevertheless.
Because it's interesting when he puts a call on in fact line five was on kind of a funky, not unusual hold thing, but it was on, I don't know what that's.
That's regular. You're used to the screen hold, which is the check mark. That's regular hold that doesn't put people in numerical order when you punch up the next button.
No, but there's another hold that's got like a brackets with a dot in the middle. That's regular hold.
But that's not what it shows on here. It shows the little phone kind of like symbol.
Oh, I'm talking about that. That's like, it looks like it looks like a turtle. Yeah, that means that the line is on as an online line.
Five of banana had like punch it off. Anyway, we don't want to go into all this technical stuff because the audience is going to go into a coma.
And we're really we want to apologize profusely for getting emotional and getting carried away because the cranks want back on the year.
My answer is no, absolutely not no chance. No way Jose.
I'll tell you when the audience went when they absolutely pulled the final plug on having anything left to say at all.
I mean, they were running out a long time before that. But last 9 11 about three, four days after 9 11, you would have thought that everybody would have had something to say, right?
And I was in. And it seems to me I could be wrong, but it seems that by February, I did like a little experiment for a couple of weeks.
And I said no more calls. Member. I had done. I had done the previous December.
Not December of 2001, but the previous December. I did for three weeks. The first time ever. Oh, let's just not take any calls. Oh, you can't do that. How can you do a show? Well, we did it.
And so in February of this year, I did it again for a couple of weeks. Then when I came up here, we started taking calls for a very few days.
And it just took a few days to realize them. What's the point of this? What is the point of this? Oh, you sound so happy up there. You sound so great.
Oh, I don't like the tone of the show. You're like, yeah, what does that mean? Click.
Hey, if you want to talk to assholes, man, just get yourself the yellow pages of the white pages or the yellow pages of the phone directory and just go from our guard to zebra.
Just make some calls. You'll find plenty assholes off. You okay? I don't have time for assholes on this show.
We're preceded by one for three hours. We don't need to have any more on this show.
46 votes on the poll. What should the punishment be for Madeline Gorman? Too good. You had any woman caught on a tape beating the crap out of her little girl beating the snot out of that poor little kid?
Burn the bitch at stake on national TV. 14. Alright, that's what I voted. What did you vote? I guess. Probe shouldn't lost the custody of her.
She's got three children. Okay, children probably my mistake. You know why? Because I abbreviated that when I wrote that to Eric. You better get with the mystery. You not only got a bad trend.
I need a short changes on the poll. You better get your poll questions straight, Mr. I think moment. I had a point about you when he said. Yeah, fire that little spick. Anyway, probation and loss of custody of her children is what that should be.
I'm sure Eric will add the REN. Ren like Peter Ren and Bobby Ren of the Amapolese. 12. 12 people say that probation only 11 a year in jail for no punishment. Spirit of rod and sport.
Let's just three and three years in jail to spare the rod and spoil the child, baby. We got three people who said that. Just beat the snot out of that kid.
Exactly. Peter do a bloody pulp and don't take any crap from those pucky little kids. Well, you know, she actually didn't get the goods in the store. I guess is why mommy got the pissed off and they had like page your twice. Right. Cause the kid was out of control.
What do you mean the kid was out of control? She just wasn't getting the goods that she was supposed to pick up so they could like return her for refund. Right. We'll get to get all that stuff about her and about the gypsies. I mean the Irish travelers and the gypsy.
I mean, what are they? Oh, there's a great line in there about the trailer park. We'll get to that. U.S. sent Iraq germs in the mid 80s. I'm going to go back to my bedtime stories. Okay.
Whether that guy likes it or not. This is from the Buffalo news. No less. You ready? Ready. American research. Oh, and I haven't even got the Tony Blurry yet. It is clear. Well, we'll get to them.
American research companies with the approval of two previous presidential administrations provided Iraq biological cultures that could be used for biological weapons according to testimony to do a U.S. Senate committee eight years ago.
Oh, you know, I think a lot of you are too emotionally crippled to be listening to this. West now virus. E. coli.
Virtualism and. Emphrax. We're among the potentially fatal biological cultures that a U.S. company sent under U.S. Commerce Department licenses after 1985 when Ronald Reagan was president according to the Senate testimony.
The Commerce Department of the first Bush administration also authorized a chipmins of cultures that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention later classified as having biological warfare and significance between 1985 and 89.
The Senate testimony shows Iraq received at least 72 U.S. shipments of clones, germs and chemicals ranging from substances that could destroy wheat crops, deal with children and animals, the bone deforming disease, rickets to a nerve gas rated a million times more lethal than seren gas.
Disclosures about such shipments in the late 80s not only highlight questions about old policies, but pose new ones such as how well the American military forces will be protected against such an arsenal if one exists should the U.S. invade Iraq.
Testimony on these shipments was offered in 1994 to the Senate banking committee headed by then-demarras senators Donald Regal of Michigan and Alfonso DiMato of New York who were critics of the policy, the testimony which occurred during hearings that were held about the poor health of some returning Gulf War veterans was brought to the attention the Buffalo News by associates of Regal.
And we're not talking about gene regal either the driver. The committee oversees the work of the U.S. Export Administration and the Commerce Department which licensed the shipments of the dangerous biological agents.
Sodom who's saying took full advantage of the range of the regal said in an interview with the news late last week they seem to give him anything he wanted.
Even so it's right out of a science fiction movie as to why we would send this kind of stuff to anybody he said.
The new Bush administration he said claims who's saying is adding to his bio weapons capability.
If that's the case then the issue needs discussion and clarity regal said but it's not something anybody wants to talk about.
The shipments were sent to Iraq in the late 80s when that country was engaged in a war with Iran and President Reagan and George Bush won.
We're trying to diminish the influence of a nation that took Americans hostages a decade earlier and was still aiding anti-Israeli terrorists.
Iraq was considered an ally of the U.S. in the 1980s and anti-Wisaki by President for public relations for one of the U.S. organizations that provided the materials to Hussein's regime.
All these shipments were properly licensed by the government otherwise they would not have been sent to the U.S.
and why Socky works for American type culture collection, monasis Virginia, a nonprofit bioformatics firm.
The shipments not only raised serious questions about the wisdom of former administrations regal said but also questions about what steps the defense department is taking to protect American military person against Sodom's biological arsenal in the event of an invasion.
Regal said there are 100,000 names on the national registry of Gulf veterans who reported illnesses they believe stem from their tours of duty there.
Some of these people who went over there as young able-bodied Americans are now desperately ill he said some of them have died.
One of the obvious questions for today is how is our defense department adjusted to this threat to our own troops he said how might this potential war proceed differently so that we don't have the same outcome?
How would our troops be protected what kind of sensors do we have now in the Gulf or the battlefield sensors went off tens of thousands of times the defense department says they were false alarms.
U.S. bioformatics firms in the 1980s received requests from a wide variety of Iraqi agencies all claiming materials were intended for civilian research purposes.
The congressional testimony from 1994 sites in American type ship in 1985 to the Iraq Ministry of Higher Education of a substance that resembles tuberculosis and influenza
and causes enlargement of the liver and spleen. It can also infect the brain, lungs, heart and spinal column the substance is called histoplasma capsulatum.
American type also provided clones used in the development of germs that would kill plants.
The material went to the Iraq Atomic Energy Commission which the U.S. government says is a front for Sodom's military.
An organization called a state company for drug industries received a pneumonia virus and E. coli, salmonella and staphylococcus in August 87 under U.S. license according to a Senate testimony.
The country's ministry of trade got 33 batches of deadly germs including anthrax and botulism in 88.
Ten months after the first president of Bush was inaugurated in 88 and unnamed U.S. firm sent eight substances including the germ that causes strep throat to Iraq's University of Basra.
An unnamed office in Basra Iraq got West Nile fever virus from an unnamed U.S. company 85 the Senate testimony shows.
While there's no proof that the recent outbreak of West Nile virus in the U.S. stem from anything erected, Regal said you have to act to yourself might there be a connection?
Researchers at the Center for Strategic and International Studies said American companies were not the only ones who sent anthrax culture to Iraq.
British firm sold cultures to the University of Baghdad that were transferred to the Iraqi military.
The Center for Strategic and International Studies says the Swiss also sent cultures.
The data on American shipments of deadly biological agents to Iraq was developed for the Senate banking committee in the winter of 94 by the panel chief investigator James Tudi, Tuit and other staffers in the committee record May 25, 1994.
The committee was tried to establish that thousands of service personnel were harmed by exposure to Iraqi chemical weapons during the Gulf War, especially following a U.S. air attack on ammunition's dump, a theory that the Defense Department and much of official Washington have always downplayed.
And you want to know the downplay because it's too embarrassing.
How about that little bedtime story from the Buffalo News which I'm sure none of you have read enough to make you crap your pants in it.
Look out for that mosquito.
956 at 560 WQM if you want to lose some weight do like the beast is doing baby of course when the beast comes back he's not going to be on that morning show anymore.
But nevertheless at least in fact that will probably help him live a lot longer too you know it.
Yeah and you can and you can live longer too if you lose that weight you get better health.
The way to do it is the easy way of the balance for life because instead of worrying about how you figure out what you eat every day they figure it out for you.
The only easy choice you got is you take their little menu they send you and you make a choice between two alternatives for every meal every day that you run a program you check off which one you want and that's what you wind up within your little black sack.
Every morning by 6 a.m. bright and early there is your beautiful little black sack and you open it up you unzip that thing in the sack too.
And inside there are three delicious gourmet meals two delicious snacks and a little bottle of water.
And when I say delicious I'm not exaggerating the food is fresh it's made with the best ingredients lots of veggies lots of stuff that's good for you.
Nothing frozen no crap nothing artificial and believe me you'll be full you'll be full to the gullet at the end of the day and the weight comes pouring off you because you're not eating a lot of crap.
So instead of shopping and trying to account carbs and calories and do all the other impossible things which just doesn't work.
Let the balance for life people help you lose the weight the painless delicious way.
Call them right now get started right away 9 5 4 5 6 8 3 2 2 2 9 that's 9 5 4 5 6 8 3 2 2 2 9 or visit their prestigious website at balance for life.com.
My and local this is 4 20 5 6.
Way to way.
Through the callers.
Oh.
I'm so open for a.
Hey there we go.
Hey y'all my name is Lance the new gene Thomas friends the bushes nominee for this supreme part.
And you know there's lots of people's I did it think just off I smoke a little marijuana when I say cottage.
And it wasn't everybody enjoy.
Maybe the same I said you know remember you.
They don't think I'm fit to be on the supreme court.
Yeah I got to much.
Let's do this quick and get out of here. I want to sit y'all straight when I stop reviewing the law.
I don't just review the law.
Here y'all.
I've been talking.
All right.
And I took it to the east when I took it to the west.
And I took it while I look up Sandra Dayle kind of best.
I'll be talking.
Let's go bird one y'all.
Let's go burn my steak y'all what do you say and that looks like the winning the well so head by a little bit burn the bitch of the steak on
National TV 27 that traveling to good bitch to it for own a good.
Anyway I guess I better talk a little bit about the number should I?
Yeah.
A little later on.
Well you want to do it right now I don't think so whatever.
I don't think so after after taking that little spate of calls that we took there and of course having the take is a whole.
We are still on his hands and knees.
No he gave up and ran out of here.
He gave up?
Well I mean over.
We refuted the computer that was his best idea and it's still doing the same thing.
He was going to go research.
So you can just pick them right up while they're ringing that's the only one.
Oh no thank you.
No thank you.
All we know is that if we if we needed for some spectacular reason just like mustard to me on the phone yesterday said you know at least we had the capability.
We don't we don't have the capability of doing it right.
But at least we have the ability of putting it on the air like if something really monumental happened like the end of the world and we wanted to say bye bye everybody.
You know we could like communicate with them and say bye bye.
I put them on here you know it would be kind of like a nice touch.
But other than that I think a short of short of something really cataclysmic.
I have no plans for calls in the near term anyway like between now and let's see what year is my contract end.
I mean I mean it's what what is going to make it change?
Why is it going to be a different now than it was six months ago 12 months ago a year ago.
So it's going to change is there anything different?
No.
Are the callers all of a sudden going to have anything to say?
No.
They have nothing to say which is why cracks me up as much as I love Mr. Mad Dog as opposed to Mrs. Mad Dog because they don't know her.
Although I hear she's hot.
She's hot.
But nevertheless as much as I love him he has this thing where he says every day you know we were encouraged to call you are the show they're not the show.
I mean he's saying that to be like in gray shading or guest of the callers.
He knows better than that.
If the callers were the show we could have a bunch of monkeys coming here and sit down and punch up calls and just sit there and go make noises like like that you know but I cut him short.
Oh sorry.
I want to let him get all his material out the good stuff but I'm telling you man it's just you just it's pointless and if you listen to those sports and you're called which you don't because you don't listen to sports shows but if you did you know what I'm talking about it's the same.
I mean you're talking about people in serious need of a life transplant and yeah I mean good God I got my NFL package I said I probably watch more goddamn football than most of these super jock you know experts out there put together because I got the package and I'm not just watching one ballgame I'm all over the guy in place all the most of the paper it's of course but nevertheless.
And of course hockey games which they're not allowed to talk about there in the morning that's going to help you to know what hockey season coming up don't let Kelly other award don't even let him say puck you you know something like that.
Somebody's got to take the bull by the horns in that place and that's the problem we got 75 general managers 42 program directors now we got an operations manager we got 53 engineers everybody's in charge and we can't get anything done right and we're still making money and we're first.
And that's what allows them to continue that's what allows the Greg read the machine to continue pumping along just like power speaking away let's talk about power let's talk about a good story for Beasley huh power kicks out what did I tell you Disney what did I tell you the party is freaking over over there on party radio whether the rude with the same old crap it's over that's my opinion I might.
And you're right they kicked your ass after your big start those first few months after that big precipitous start let's take a look 18 to 34 that's their demo of course right right persons of course persons 18 to 34 men and women Monday through Sunday this is for the entire week WEDR the Schwarzenegger stations number one with a 12.1 they're wrapping it.
Power is right on the rest this I think is the closest they've come in recent memory to knock it off EDR for number one and persons 18 to 34 they got an 11.9 of course teens is also part of the demo we don't we don't bother with that because we don't have any but power 11.9 the number two now party is number three but they got a 6.4 down from a 7.1 in the last of trend and dropping like a goddamn turd into the bulls what they're doing.
The dropping like a big fat one right out of the business that's my opinion I might like that and if you look at specific day parts I mean the picture is even uglier I don't know where they get that number three in the market because for example in morning drive where we put the who's the guy they found out there on 4.41 by Ives dairy what else is
I don't know I'll be still our our guy I thought you were asking about the power about I'll be so about about the by dogs on a corner he's big what do you mean he's big I physically look I don't go in a tea room there and check guys out he's a little man with big ratings he's a little man with a big one
powers got an 8.6 to number three in a morning almost a Howard's ass and I'm not talking about how we're David either what howard I'm talking about the real Howard
EDRs got a 10th three in the morning in 18 to 34 bigs got an 8.9 and right under ass his power the 8.6 LB sook he's the best and they're not even on the first page party radio they're on a second page with a 3.6 that's a pathetic number that's my opinion I might
do number 10 who's number 10 baby who's number 6 who's number 1 so so based on that let's let's hear it for power and kids curvy man always like him ever since he gave me those backstreet boys tickets even though I didn't go to the concert always like kids
curvy tonight always except for whatever I was pissed off at him about what was I pissed off at him about I don't know because John gave him some music to play and he wouldn't
oh well that I hate listen it's no sweat off my ass I mean he could have been playing some really good music but then maybe got around a
plane that eventually I don't know he doesn't want to like be ahead of the crew he wants to play the same crap that South Florida FM is famous for playing crap that's
the name of the game in South Florida which is why so many see you know something it's good for the record business it's good for
the record stores that's why people sell somebody got a mcds and of course now that KAT is playing classical music they won't be selling so many classical CDs because those old
cockers out there those pseudo intellectuals they can get their classical music for free now on WKAT little static in there like that you think the raspberry man is cut in your
radio but nevertheless yeah he stuck in your radio right in the middle of Beethoven and Bach and Brahms Bach and Mozart and Chopin they're chopping it so there you go good
luck here 1360 on the now by the way WKAT I used to work there when I was a talk station catch the cat we used to you know we used
to have bus billboards now get out isn't that what they call those things true we used to have bus billboards and had like the red and
had the CBS logo and had the red outline of like a like a cat you know go like with the long neck like a zebra neck a cat and it said catch the cat
1360 WKAT talk radio was great thank you again by the way Sid Levin love you said he's the guy to give me the chance to be here today you know he's the
one he's the man Sid Levin and the Casper and Gary Lawrence who was a good guy anybody else who wanted to thank in the market no one
thank Greg no thanks thanks for your great engineers by the way Greg they're doing it baby even out here they're laughing at them they don't even
know who they are in their life and I got to continue my bedtime stories by the way okay I'm glad that those people are upset with my bedtime
stories are still listening you might learn something I know that's dangerous sir with my bedtime stories like that first
story wasn't that a little bit unsettling there about the Buffalo a new story about all the crap that we sent over there but you see
oh we're not supposed to hear about those things because see what we did is we all the psychon passions we left a genie out of the bottle
heck you but we let her out of the bottle now we don't know how to control her that's what we did so we built him up to beat the
Iranians we got the and then here's Tony Blair on their screaming this morning about well you know saw him kill the
million people in the awards war against the Rand who the hell I enabled him to do that who enabled him to do that he'd be he'd be a
speck of dust in the desert over there right now if it wouldn't have been for the USA back in him in that war against the
Rand they would have knocked him into oblivion he'd be better than a goddamn door nail and not to mention that but who the hell
gave him those chemicals which are just ready to that article so we could at least the poison gas and all of this
baloney about well he didn't use any of it against us in the Gulf War not so fast and you remember when senator Patrick Leahy
of her mom was taught a questioning about the West now virus and even I was questioning his sanity well guess what
maybe he knew a little more than we know see what I'm saying what he said I'm saying maybe he was right is what I'm saying
based on that story that I just read that bedtime story I just had from the Buffalo news which is I put into my
pile of savers which I don't have too many that I think are so damn important I put in my pile of savers something to keep in
mind and the next one from the international hero tribune which is reprinted from the Washington Post yesterday by Dana
Priest and Dana Milbank missing in 9-11 hearings what two presidents knew also I think will be a nice pile and of course we'll
get to the which I mean the Irish traveler and we got the Britney story we on down the line and then of course I got
that important thing about the Aaron Sorkin which I said be sure to remind me that it's in my pile but don't forget that there's so
many important things going on here so many important bedtime stories and especially the one about Ron King retiring from life
who I don't have no idea I mean wouldn't you think I've been in the market 26 and a half years going on 27 now wouldn't you think
that just by most of just sitting in a doctor's office you would exactly somebody somebody somewhere would have said hey you know
that Ron King that's on life I don't know anybody who knows who that is I just but it's in the hero so it must be accurate must be a very important guy
and he's been entertaining a lot of people with that carpenter I do like the carbon is by the way they have to be in the right mood for
month you know once every five years rainy days and she's kind of depressing you know and then you start thinking about her starving to death
right you know it's depressed oh well we don't want to be depressed we already got signed to worry about and of course we got Tony Blair
just clear I know who gives a weather reports now in a BBC in a spare time you hear that and of course if it's clear in the England
that is big news because that really happens it's usually cloudy and gay agree 10 12 at 5 60 WQM Todd Rex and Assault you know that
he is I'm going to mention at the beginning of every spot that he's got but he's only got two and he doesn't service them at all
in fact wasn't wasn't yesterday the day that the guy was getting back our friend at fast train we're going to get some great new
copy from this guy who writes his own copy I don't know remember that that was the excuse last week that was the story
did we get it is Todd direct to it is job is he a major major Assault by now you've heard the incredible learning potential of computer
professional guys and you've heard us talk about the incredible demand for a certified computer professionals out there that's right there's a big
demand for sales people to who really service their accounts you also it is talk about the great people at fast train so do yourself a big
favor get out of your dead end job start earning a paycheck that's worth looking at and pick up the phone call fast train
toll free at 1 866 fast train I can't believe you didn't get your stub yet sorry you can complete your program get certified just for sure at months and be on your way to a new higher paying career
like I said a paycheck that's worth talking about fast trains got four convenient locations in date and rowing including the new one in
Kindle they got convenient day evening weekend classes to fit your busy schedule fast trains got full time job placement
department over 30 experience to so if you pick up that phone right now in just four months you can be looking at a paycheck that will put a smile on your
purse and some money in your ass pick up the phone call fast train toll free 1 866 fast train that's 1 866 fast train when you call be sure
and Tom cod records a total waste of space or check them out on the web if you like it fast train dot com
five local businesses five cities three years old yours
you
way
people are ice
so you heard the secrets behind Saddam Hussein's mistress was that just have the story find out who Saddam Hussein really is when ABC confronts Saddam Hussein's babies mama
Saddam sorry I say never take it what is my check he always like a never old time he is a
long story the most methodical Arab leader in the 20th century find out the deep secrets of Saddam Hussein I thought this would come pick me up and he came and pick me up on his busted ass camel a camel
I was like a find out how he really isn't been I don't know how he has 15 wide 15 wide he could even hand 15 seconds with me okay why did you stay with him why did I stay with him he got dollars
okay he got business they was families all the beans okay he got pay for the miss Saddam Hussein's babies mama
you know I give pay for this tonight on ebc
penny t-560 w.c. I'm happy Tuesday to have made a beautiful day here in Toronto baby the sun is shining gonna be 72 today a
love it
don't love these numbers though wasn't too not too promising morning had a disastrous trend I mean just a
little bit embarrassing seat when you look at the men 18 plus and it says a four point oh that don't look too bad don't look
great but only to bad looks like about what it used to be but then you extrapolate the individual month and it turns out to be about a three
point oh and then you realize that includes six to 10 am would you put our first hour or Georgia's first hour in this case which you know
certainly higher than a three point so that means that actually they're doing under a three like two something
and the more I mean two something and men and this is the guy that's gonna like show us what talk radio is supposed to be all
about he's gonna reinvent sports talk to the sky who goes like that I don't think so mo you know you can have those
sick offense they're looking at your toes about your big play by playing all the other crap but that's not doing a
talk show you follow what I'm saying talking to the same bunch of boring chronic is not what I call doing an entertaining talk show
in the morning we need to lead in baby forget about mentioning in our name we need some kind of a leading we need to like
you know what I'm talking about little momentum there little mo
momentum I thought that's what more was short for was momentum as opposed to like Jackie mo or is it a post of the
more we hear and the more we get the amount of puke so anyway he had a bad number Georgia had a bad number yes
and is proud of it well when you want to live up to your expectation you want to be starting throwing good
numbers in there and then they'll expect like the next the same thing next summer
I'll take part of the blame for that because August we're talking about the month of August was a mitigate disaster
because I was sick quite a bit there in August right like two weeks two and a half weeks
now you're getting carried away I thought I was I'm just about you to do a show
well and that was not because of being sick because you reminded me that I had that extra week off in my
contract like starting August 5th or whatever it was so August I think I did maybe a couple of shows a
whole month right and it shows I mean you know see one thing I've noticed about you was that like the
end of June there in July you know when you started fine they can handle it for a while but they get
it all after the 85th show on eating as they start in a little bit nervous you know what I'm saying so
you wear a little bit then after while you're you much improved this summer did a fine job but after
the 724th show about sucking armpits they start getting a little bit nervous and then after that
fecal matter starts seeping into their radio and it can start smelling it they say I don't think so George
you know we're like we haven't done that yet I'm right now for the next time something to write down for
next summer okay assuming we're still here so anyway what do we have we had we're the hell is it
oh but we're I guess what here's the good news though in fact might even take leave it to him off
we're number one damn it talk about hanging on by his thumbnail and of course this is 10 to 3 so you can suggest
the mad dog did poorly but I don't think so but nevertheless George in men 18 plus a 6.1 is still
number one although WDR is right on his heels oh with a 6.0
oh so I did that out of order sorry so by a tenth of a point you held on there W.I.
D.I. went ahead of 5.8 there number three all that's a drop down for them so rush I'll concentrate on what I was
thinking rush actually isn't benefiting I'll tell you the guy who shocked now is the Humper let me say it again
Humper in the month of August had a 7.1 you had a 4.9 and a morning head like under a 3
under a 3 in the month of August when you've strapped 8.6 to 9 under a 3 share for all of that money
and all of that bluster in talk all of that attitude anyway the Humper had a 7.1 share let's
hear it for the Humper 7.1 after a couple of bad months and you knew the bad months were a
fluke thanks audiences pretty steady out there those degenerate gamblers there you know
maybe they were tapped out during the summer months but all of this they got like you know
somebody gave him like a little a little something on the side and Hank went back up to a 4.9
he's a back up to say one from the seventh in the last round to tie for a second in this one
and guess what he's tied with
oh I'm a shun if you the Schmidt Schmidt whatever the guy's name is
on I would be which is amazing to me which I guess that means people like a lot of commercials
because the last time I heard that guy all he was doing was like threatening to talk about something
and then they would go into about a 10 minute break and then they come back and threaten to talk
about something else and then they would do traffic and whether another 5 minute break and he come back and
go on to threaten about something else he was going to talk about but never did
so he's so Hank went way up but this guy must have had a big trend too for some strange reason
what does that say I don't know and Howard sperm had another gigantic trend he's I mean just
forget about him put him in a separate category legendary 8.9 in the spring book the next
20 actually went down a little bit to a 7.8 but in his last friend which is 2 thirds of the
summer book Howard the sperm is up to an 8.5 so we got the wrong Howard I think is what it's all about
you know what I'm saying I think that's the problem he's the guy that's got the audience out
there to got the men he's got the men we've got the emotional cripples who only know about his ball
games and jockstrap's that's all they know about that's all we got anyway can I continue now
because I feel like I've wasted about an hour and a half today you know except for that
except for the couple of things that I've actually talked about like the Buffalo news article
that was a very disconcerting to say the best and I think that's something that I'm pretty
well and I said we'd let the genie out of the bottle and now we don't know how to get him back in there again
we have to exterminate him before he turns he turns back on us with the crap that we gave him
see what I'm saying yep international hero tribune reprints from the Washington Post
conspicuously absent from three days of riveting hearings chronically missed opportunities leading up to the
9.11 attacks is what was known about al-Qaeda by the two key decision makers president George W.
Bush and his predecessor bill don't call me Bubba Clinton the Bush White House says that Congress is not
entitled to such information but a growing number of Republicans and Democrats on the joint House Senate
panel investigating the attacks said last week that if the White House continued its refusal to declassify
information on what Bush was told before the attack they would ask the Senate to take the
extraordinary step of overruling Bush's decision to shield the information it's silly in the
order to change their decision set or in snatch Republican senator from Utah and ally of the Republican
administration the president's getting poor advice amid rising calls for a fuller disclosure by Bush the
administration offered a concession Friday by dropping its opposition to that independent commission to
investigate the 9.11 attacks administration officials said the inquiry should not examine the intelligence
failures a caveat that led some families of 9.11 victims to dismiss the move is meaningless but
Democrats in Congress said the decision when months of opposition to an independent inquiry made it
less likely that Bush would eventually endorse an inquiry that included intelligence failures a senior
administration official did not dispute that view it's an independent commission they can by definition do what they see fit
the official said over the last several months the CIA working with a congressional panel expedited the declassification of
dozens of intelligence reports and communications before the 9.11 attacks relating to the hijackers the threat from
Osama Yomamabin Laden and the possibility of al-Qaeda is using airplanes as weapons an issue into the dispute between the panel and the
White House's whether the panel would be allowed to publicly reveal how much of that information was shared would
be seen your White House officials as well as with Bush and Clinton that would help to show what the president's new
about threats how seriously they took them and what they didn't part to try to thwart al-Qaeda since the information that the
panel is disputing has been declassified for the panel report revealing to whom it was distributed the White House would not harm
national security said Eleanor Hill staff director of the House Senate panel the Bush administration as the custodian of all White House
documents has the authority to deny the release of information concerning Clinton White House officials said releasing the
records related to the president the White House asserted would inhibit Bush's closest advisors and the advisors of future
presidents from giving their most candid advice for fear it might be made public and might be embarrassing
similar arguments have been used with hold information from Congress and such matters as energy policy and presidential
pardons a White House spokesman Sean McCormick said we will not do anything that could prevent presidents from getting
precisely the candid intelligence assessments and advice they need
to do
what
I don't
twenty seven after ten five sixty w and speaking of Todd Dreck see if it's me if I'm the new program director or the
operations manager somebody that's going to play bush boss in there I get right in time for a space to say okay where's that
copy me was supposed to have yesterday where you were as the follow through all what we talked about last week you follow what I'm saying no you think
they're doing it no have you heard the news about the three point nine five percent mortgage have you heard that of course you have
and if you've been thinking about it now is the time to stop thinking and start doing do something smart it's time to purchase a home or
refinance your existing home at unbelievable or rate of only three point nine five percent if you have a seven and a
half percent mortgage that three point nine five percent rate would save you over three and a half percent or over three
five hundred bucks the first year on a one hundred thousand dollar mortgage don't make things hard for yourself make them easy
and just pick up that phone make one easy phone call to financial group at one eight hundred nine four all
L. E. N. D. that's one eight hundred nine four O 53 63 getting yourself a mortgage someplace else will cost you in the long run thousands of
dollars extra each year so what's what's the point of like given money away think of all the money can say when you have a three point nine
five percent mortgage financial group is help thousands of folks just like you put your financial in the best possible
position by getting yourself a three point nine five percent mortgage call financial group today right now toll free it's one eight
hundred nine four O 53 63 that's one eight hundred nine four O 53 63 there an equal housing lender
credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change if you wait too long
four
DOA
stream
yes
to
Waitress to TV, you're the new American Idol
You'd be just in war, E.D.
And we're so bad, he made us mad
Then we're all bad
We didn't go on
You're like rocks and small town girl
But you're no fool
Just make sure you're good
To real your career
Like Paul and Dooh
When he's a stop
Simon the stop
Say goodbye to Dungleman, let me get to it
I am a bunkleman
We didn't go on
Can't it cross the new show up at Ryan Star
You'll be playing full now
Concepts you'll be singing
And far what can I say
A money game
Just go away
The winner of a American Idol
2002 is
How we gonna do it?
Yeah, thank God that wasn't rigged to you, you know what?
Yeah, that's really good
162 votes on our poll this morning
What's it the punishment be for Madeline Gorman too good
The Indiana bitch caught on tape beating the crap out of her poor little four-year-old girl
Uh burned a bitch at the stake on national TV 56
Probation and lost the custody of her chillin's 31
Probation only 31
A year in jail 19
No punishment spare the rod and spoil the child
13
And three years in jail 12
Left winged Sorkin blasted bush
Were pretending he is exhibited
What were pretending he is exhibited unspeakable courage
That's the headline never read the headline
The force behind NBC's west wing is blasting off against the real west wing and upcoming pages of the New Yorker
Which names Aaron Sorkin the country's loyal opposition
The Yorker reported reporter Ted Friend is penned a high impact talk of the town set for release in March 4th
Additions March 4th
March 4th
What's what it looks like here?
How can that be
I don't get it. How is that possible?
Anyway, it's got to be Miss print
Sorkin the creator producer or producer writer of west wing tells Friend
It's absolutely right that at this time we're all laying off the bush bubblehead jokes
But that's a far cry from what the times and CNN and others on whom we're live for unbarnished objectivity are telling us
Which is that my god on September 12th
He woke up as Teddy Roosevelt and became the rough writer. Maybe this was last March who now knows
Of NBC's own look at a day in the life of the presidency the bush White House inside the real west wing
Which aired as the lead into the West Wing repeat a few weeks ago
Sorkin charges the White House pumped up the president scheduled to show him being much busier
And more engaged than he is and Tom broke all that it happened
Now that's a miss print
Sorkin continues the show as a Valentine to Bush
That illusion may be what we need right now
But the truth is we're simply pretending to believe that Bush exhibited unspeakable courage at the world
Series by throwing out the first picture the Anky Stadium or that he by God shows those show those terrorists by going out to Salt Lake City and
Jumbling the first line of the Olympic opening ceremony
The media is waving pom-poms and the entire country is being polite Sorkin declares
I just began reading Frank Boone's campaign book ambling into history
The unlikely Odyssey of George W. Bush which begins with candidate Bush at a service in Texas for seven people who were killed in a church by a crazy gunman
Boone I described Bush making goofy faces at the press and it reminds you of a junior high school or on a museum field trip
Sorkin tells the magazine that he's planning to revisit the Bush Gore Florida showdown in an upcoming episode
President Josiah Bartlett played by actor Martin Sheen who's called Bush a white knuckle drunk is up for reelection this November
Bartlett is going to be running against governor Robert Richie of Florida
Who's not the sharpest tool in the box, but who's raised a lot of money in his very popular with the Republican Party Sorkin says
It was frustrating watching Gourry try so hard not to appear smarter than the debates
Why not just say here's my effing resume what do you got?
Where a completely fictional non-political show but one of our motives is doing our version of the old mad magazine scenes
We'd like to see and so to an extent we're going to return to the last election and try a few different plays than the Gore campaign did
So they're in Sorkin that thing about the march fourth issue that kind of like throws me you know
But that's got to be misprint. I don't get it maybe maybe in October 4
Whatever the hell it means it all is it makes sense to me. By the way speaking of Al Gore
I told George before the show is become a parody of himself
Anybody saw his pathetic performance yesterday. It was a tragic go away Al takes Janet and hop out of that red pickup truck
The two of you together off into the sunset
Not only that he's gotten big he looks like we were talking about Raymond Berthea the day he's a Raymond Berthea times two
He's a monster in a political business gigantic and
Thought I'm a who thing if just
Fig bed up. I mean he just he just a parody of himself
The all those bits that we got about him. That's what he found like now
Al Gore
I mean if the Democrats can if that's the best they can do in 2004 is Gore then I haven't helped us
It's all I can tell you we'd like to them
Okay, speak out of that bitch now. I'll play in it for women tape beating child
South Bend Indiana as we continue with our bedtime stories
A judge entered a not guilty plea to a felony child battery charge Monday for the woman caught on videotape repeatedly
Strecking her four-year-old daughter in the rear of a sport utility vehicle
Repeatedly striking her four-year-old daughter in the rear of a sport utility vehicle. See how he just
One little inflection there one change of pace in the way you read it
This hearing from Madeline Gorman too good lasted about two minutes
She was ordered to return to court October 7 for a status status hearing
Earlier two good attorneys Steven Rosen said the not guilty plea is a formality until he can determine how to handle the case
The plate comes after Gorman too good admit on CNN's American morning that she had smacked and shaken her daughter Martha and pulled her hair
Two good 25-centred daughter Martha had been acting up at Cole's department store in Misha Waka
Where they were videotape later, but she said there would be no excuse in the world why I did it
She said she was horrified and sick to my stomach and mortified when she saw the tape of her striking her child
I know I had Martha. I know I pulled her hair and I shouldn't have too good said
But she said her daughter was checked by two doctors and she was fine. She was still alive
Indiana's child protective services placed Martha with a foster family in St Joseph County unit
It could be determined if another member of the child's extended family could take care of her
As a condition of bail too, it'll be allowed only supervised visits with Martha
She won't be able to visit her two sons eight five and six without supervision and the two boys will live with their father
There were husband and supporting her the couple be willing to separate if that means he can get custody of Martha
Two good said Sunday and interview would see an end my hope is just to have Martha home
Go to parenting classes learn the right way to deal with the two good said it just want my life
Two good say she comes from a community called Irish travelers
Which is known for the I tenor at lifestyles of its members
She sent her husband his license to do paving work. Oh, just like you told me to the day. Yes about paving the
Travelways right and like after the first good reign it's all kind of like yes floats away really hard
Oh
Her husband is known is a license to a paving work in the family moves around the country and takes odd jobs
She indicated that Irish travelers often feel discriminated against and that's why I was nervous in the department store
She said hey guess what honey? There's no potato famine anymore. Go over to go to McDonald's. I got some great fries
lower and fat pretty soon
Prosecutor Maggie Jones said Sunday she was not moved by two goods and treaties that the girl be allowed to stay with their other
Family members my sympathies do not go to Madeleine at all Jones said these are the same family members
So after they witnessed the beating on videotape refused to bring the child forward for medical assessment or medical treatment
Jones said that the doctor's screen bill to help does not mean the girl was not abused
Bruce's could have been healed in the eight days the girl was gone
She said two good herself turned herself in right it rather than in Saturday
Say it again two good turn herself in Saturday to the Michigan police department nine days after the store surveillance camera
Recorded her apparently slapping and punching her daughter two good said her daughter never had a mark on her
But she said she had a message for other parents don't raise your hand to a child it ain't worth it
She's in front of a camera
Especially if her camera was watching which is why of course she kept looking around before she started doing it
Just to make sure nobody was watching surprise sweetheart surprise. It's candid camera
Even though he's dead. What's his name Alan front Alan thought what would you say?
Funt
Alan Funt he's still dead. That was a good showing it. Some was okay. Sure. I bet your vocal Brian liked it a lot
Especially when they used to have on Hermione Gingledon the Hans Conrad. Oh, that was it. I'm sure that was pantomime quiz
19 till 11 at 560 wqm if you look at in the mirror and you think hey, that's vocal Brian's head on there is a big ball spot
Or maybe you think you look a little like mo
Well, forget about those pasty looking smelly wings
Here's the answer for you the natural hairline system for our good close personal buddy Charles Alfieri
Charlie's been helping the famous and the infamous look their best for over 25 years
And you probably haven't ever noticed his work because it doesn't look like a piece
I mean you can you wouldn't like that Aaron Brown on CNN that's a piece
San Donald Sinan Aaron CNN that's a piece bad one
Bob Eisenberg and our sales department at muskweb on his head that's a piece
But if it's the natural hairline system you would notice because the hair looks like it's going out of your scalp
So if you were guys want to cover up that bald spot, but in the same time look younger and better instead of silly
Here's the answer for and it's affordable too when you call Charles Alfieri mentioned the arugins
And like $200 extra off the price of that natural hairline system
And Charlie also services and repairs all other kinds of hair systems too
Why do you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks and everybody who gets the natural hairline system gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee
If you know a lot of the way it looks and feels and smells
You know, I always talk about that smells part until I met Moe
And then it realized hope that cashmere book he really stinks up a hair piece if you don't have the way it looks and feels and smells
You can return it for a full refund say hey Charlie here's your hair back. Give me my money back no problem at all
Make the call today and you can look a hell of a lot better when younger and no time at all call 1-800-3-124-13
1-800-3-124-13 or log on to Charles Alfieri dot com
You know
This is close when you like to see you way yeah
Roger's got
And then let me give him a fly
I
Make a call
Don't go there 1046 at 560. Why did you fax me that that I just the smith candy immediately? Oh, well, you know
No, I don't know why did you fax me that same squiggly little handwriting?
It's always the same crap that I read about two words of insure I shmit can't I don't know I'm slipping
You you are slipping. I think I'd thought of the pressure those crappy summer ratings
Anyway getting back to um and I don't read them whoever the hell you are you a misfit you churred out
I don't read any of the crap so continue writing it little a quizzling simple then
New York Post Andrea Piser writes today too bad too good. You're allows the excuse for a parent
Mother of the year Madeleine too good has three small children four drivers licenses and two names to choose from
Depending upon the state in which he parks her trailer
But mommy dearest has not one permanent address
The country now is as familiar with two goods parenting skills as it is with a danger of hurricane
Isador this past weekend the savage in blue jeans was all over TV
furiously lacking her small daughter about the head a scene caught on surveillance tape
As horrifying as it was to watch I could not look away. She had to be stopped
By the time two goods surrendered to authority center day after running to two states and dying her hair brown
She'd morphed into the most despised human the side of Sodom who sang she also presented a self-serving story
Two good says her child Martha made a angry by wandering off in a store forcing management to page your twice
What kind of a mother lets a four-year-old out of her sight
This train wreck of a mom is one of these so-called Irish travelers
nomadic misfits of which I'd never had before heard
Travelers wander with the seasons looking for work in home repair
Previously, they drew the attention of authorities only for scamming customers
Two good is charged in Texas with skipping out on traffic ticket and stealing goods from a department store
About the beating she inflicted on Martha. She told an interviewer. I shouldn't have done it. I know. I shouldn't have did it
You know, it's interesting every time they quote here. They they quote her exactly the way she says it
Yes, the illiterate the I shouldn't have did it and don't raise your hand to a child that ain't worth it
Ain't it the truth ask Andrea?
The truth is that two goods of falling attitude toward child rearing is not so different from the thinking of many
Who see children as personal property and we raised as they see fit
Little Martha to good is now in the care of strangers while her brothers ages five and six are with relative
I feel for a child rip from her parents, but this travesty of a family can't continue
By forcing a bizarre authority shunning way of life on kids the travelers put them in danger
Too good inner time should be kept miles from children unless they agreed to settle down in a place where they can be watched
Until then I thank God for videotape
So Zandia pie sure today's New York Post
We usually write some stuff and makes a lot of sense. Nice going sweetheart
195 votes in our poll about Madeline about that too bad too good
Burn the bloody bitch at the stake on national TV 68 people say that including us burn that bitch
probation only 38 probation and loss of custody of her children's 36 or you're in jail 22
No punishments spare the rod and spoil the child 16 spare your rod and three years in jail 15
out of about 200 votes
Now there's a thing in the national post as well. I was gonna say this for later, but I think you know
I was the time for this bedtime story
Child's beating shines light on Irish gypsies
Which I had also got a confess. I mean gypsies we've talked about and George is always telling you off here about gypsies
This and gypsies because the only gypsies I'm really familiar with are the gypsies in Europe
Well, just pretend that they're here because they are no thanks
Like the ones in Rome that stole my credit card thing that time my credit card waller right out of my pocket right
Pretend they live across the canal from you the ones in Rome that are like I got their little kids
Chasing you around and they're holding the placards up in the ear while mama Sita is like a pull in your wall
They're here doing that here. Are they doing that here with like the uh with the cardboard today?
Well, they have a hundred and one different scams and by then they're so deaf that if they're so clever
And then by the time they get done you're lucky if you have any pants on you're lucky if you have one stitcher clothing left on your body
It's incredible
Child's beating shines light on Irish gypsies writes Michael of France, Guelante, Chris whatever his name is some
A greaser
In today's the national post
After putting her four-year-old daughter into the back of the family SUV Madeline Gorman
Tugud took a quick look around the parking lot just to make sure nobody was watching
But despite her best effort to conceal what she was about to do nearly every one of the television to see what happened that after
No outside in the Indian department store where a surveillance camera captured Mrs. Tugud shaking and
Slapping her daughter Martha in a violent fit of rage. Yeah, we seen it a few thousand times
Even Mrs. Tugud who later saw the clip on CNN admitted she had acted like a monster
Yesterday the lawyer representing the 25-year-old mother of three said his final likely plead guilty to a charger child battery
And throw herself on the mercy of the court
But although the contents of the clip are hard to refute and one point Mrs. Tugud stopped to take a rest before continuing with her beating
Some observers believe the mother's decision to plead guilty has little to do with the infamous tape
The two goods are members of a brand-o, a band of Texas-based Irish travelers
A group of nomads who move across the country in search of temporary jobs and quick paychecks
That's paychecks with a QEES
Okay
The community police say includes a large number of con artists and petty criminals who spend their lives
Avoiding public attention
But with Mrs. Tugud in the spotlight laying low as become nearly impossible
They don't like the attention from the media said jerk more of the national association of
Bunko investigators and organization dedicated to apprehending transient criminals
Bunko they don't like to be in the public eye said
Mr. Moore like other law enforcement officials who track Irish travelers stressed that most members are not criminals
But because the legitimate members sometimes cover up for the criminal element. It's difficult to differentiate between the two
It's a close-knit family group mr. Moore said outsiders are not allowed in kind like the mafia
Right
Irish travelers are descendants of an ethnic group called the Irish tinkers who came to the United States during the 1800s who escaped the potato famine
Hey, you can go to Wendy's they've got some great potatoes sour cream shives
Faith
Since then generations of travelers have roamed the country in search of itinerant work today most make their way across the country and trailer homes
Living for short stints in RV parks and motels while seeking out jobs that tend to involve painting paving and roofing
I wonder if that guy who comes every year and paves my uh driveways you think he's a traveler. I don't know
Just seems like a nice guy. What does he have to do it every year?
Because he needs to be done every year
Mine doesn't
Well mine does and he does a good job. Don't be knocking my uh paving guy. Okay. Okay
He might be listening right now for what you know
Might come and get your little greasy head. He's got a radio with his trailer
Although she does in his his van he grabs a van
Police, however say some Irish travelers prey on the elderly can get counting them into paying thousands of dollars for unnecessary work or jobs
Then ever get finished
Mike Haynes, it would tear Dallas police to pick it who spend most of his career tracking travelers said in one case
He investigated an 85 year old woman woke up to three man hammering away on her roof
When she went to see what was going on the men told her she had called them the week before and asked them to fix the shingles
Detective Haynes said the men would not leave until she handed over
$13,000 for the work they'd already done work in quotes
In another case detective Haynes said a group of Irish travelers repaired a roof for a 95 year old blind woman
Who lived in a house that resembled a shack?
They charged her 65,000 dollars for the job a house wasn't worth the what the roof cost he said
Mrs. Toobid's plan of Irish chips. He's known as the green horn carols. Did you know that? Nope. You do now
Mrs. Toobid's plan of Irish chips. He's known as the green horn carols are based in Texas and are well-known to police detective Haynes said
Mrs. Toobid was wanted on two other warrants before being charged with child battery
Authorities in Texas said she did not pay a
$202 traffic ticket she received in April and failed to appear in court to face unreleased theft charges
The culture is very secretive said Joe Livingston
They senior agent with the South Carolina law enforcement division who's investigated traverse for 18 years
They just had to stay on the move and on the lamb
Now didn't you say that the lot of modern South Carolina? That's their main enclave the largest concentration of them in the United States
But for Mrs. Toobid's thing on the lamb was impossible this time on September 13th young mother reportedly tried to return some items that
Coles department store in Michigan, Indiana, but the clerk refused
According to Don Wright author of the 1996 book scam
Some Irish travelers make money by shoplifting and returning the stolen items for a refund which is exactly what little George told us yesterday
Yep
A typical Irish traveler woman or team of women there are usually two of them operating as a team will generate about
$2,000 a day in revenues that way
$2,000 in eight tax free that sounds like seven hundred and uh some thousand dollars a year to me see a
Tax-free
Mrs. Toobid's lawyer says she was upset because Martha was misbehaving in the store opening toys and wandering away
Whatever the reason Mrs. Toobid was extremely angry when she left the store that anger commented in a
Second-beating the truck even the most hardened social workers
Nearly a week later local police how to leads and worried that the girl in the toilet a seek a Sequoia was badly heard
Released the video in the hope it would generate some leads that's a lot of cars
I wonder where they stole that on
Saturday well of course if you're making seven hundred thousand year tax free even by whatever kind of car you want cash for cash
On Saturday overwhelmed by the public backlash against her Mrs. Toobid hired a lawyer and turned herself in
She even appeared on some talk shows
Reiterating the fact that although she hit her daughter in the back and pulled her hair. She didn't punch her
My children ain't abused said Mrs. Toobid
It's free on five thousand dollars mail they ain't battered. They ain't abuse and they ain't battered
And they ain't all bad. Don't forget English with her second language
But yesterday after dozens of cameras followed in an out of the court the young mother refused to talk
Her lawyer said she's concentrating on the fight to have her daughter who's currently in foster care headed back to her family
Detective Haynes over believes Mrs. Toobid like the rest of her community
Just wants the whole spectacle to go away. They figure out a side out of mind
Mr
Right said that when some Irish travelers who've been based in the southern US began moving to Canada about a decade ago
They quickly realized Canadians were not familiar with their scams
They were really successful in Ontario
And then they spread out through the rest of the country since then they've gone all the way to Alaska like Johnny Horton would say north to Alaska
Remember that great song yep
North to Alaska good old Johnny Horton is he still dead?
He'll dead. Damn it
See there's a guy we should have put on ice Johnny Horton not Ted Williams
Who don't need Ted Williams he had a he was a sarpaus you know used to used to shoot
pigeons with VVs at Fenway Park and brag about it
Although you know something I'm looking out on my balcony right now
I think old Ted had a point he had a good head on his shoulders
1056 at 560 W. Kim we got Jim Man is coming up from Shula's steak two at one o'clock
Hank Goldberg a tree the Humphreys back thank God
The man who's saving the summer book for us with Patrick's entertain between five and six that should do it
Marlins on deck it's almost over Marlins on decks six 30 marlins at the suppose
705 should have a gigantic tuning audience for that Eddie K. After that abortive baseball game and the journey goiim overnight
Joanne Mark
Why do I always say goiim? I don't know why only one of them is
If
If your carpets look like crap and maybe don't smell too good either here's the answer for you dry concepts
Pick up the phone and call one of these numbers very very soon and in no time at all the people that dry concepts the experts will have your carpets
Looking just like brand new no matter how hopeless they look feeling smell right now in Broward 95 4 3 7 0 7 7 7 7 8
In datarpom beach its toll free 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 they show up exactly on time
They give you written guaranteed price before they start the job and when they finish your carpets dry in a couple of hours
They smell emity fresh looks just like brand new and you'll have a gigantic smile on your push
It's guaranteed I've been using them for over 20 years in my home
I like I always tell you everybody
I know it's got any smarts at all they give these people a try and they're like always very very ecstatic
And they'll never use anybody else again and once you call them you'll never do it either
It also to be sides cleaning your carpets and making them look just brand new
Ace du Penis unbeatable job a furniture cleaning and drape recleaning and spot dying
Fiber protection carpet repairs intent oriental rug service second to none
The authorization and if a flood hits your house complete water damage restoration too
If you want a guaranteed stupendous job at a guaranteed fantastically reasonable price
These are the folks to call dry concepts and proud here's that number again
954
370 7778 in datarpom beach toll free 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1
That's 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1
Clean today and retain the night with dry concepts
Ride in local
Here sports radio 5 60s you a you a yeah
I
Hi, this is Willie maze for orange clean. What are you doing in my house? I'm here to get the stain off your shirt
I don't have a stain on my shirt
What is that? That's doggy do
Oh my god you put out my shirt
Let's get that off
You're taking my shirt off?
You just dump the shirt right into orange clean
It's not coming out
That's never happened
Oh
Let me get those pesky nose hairs out with the gopher
The amazing reacher is that for nose hair?
No, no, but you can use the for nose hair
Tommy what is going on here?
Dad I have no idea
I'm Billy maze
Oh really I had your rookie car just worth a fortune
No, no Billy maze I'm fat and I'm white and I have a beard
Oh well then I don't know who you are
What are you doing in my house?
I'm here to get that dead out of your car
There's no dead in my car
Oh what you put the dead in my car
Watch this the amazing ding king removes that dead
It's still there
Now you can't see it
I can see it
No there's a dead there
No there's no dead
Yeah there's a dead
There's going to be a dead near cranium
This is Billy maze for the amazing foot repair kit
There's nothing wrong with my foot
You got to fix my nose
What did you drop down my foot?
Tired of foot pain
Yes I had
Put this cream on
Oh
How's that feel?
Feels no freaking spirit at all
Dad just give it a minute
Yes this is Billy maze
The amazing product
Oh sorry get him out of here
If he is one of the most disgusting annoying people on the face of the globe
You know what?
Who?
Billy maze
You've never seen those infomercials?
No
You've never seen him?
Nope
What about Carlos?
You seen him?
Oh yeah I watch all the infomercials
No I'm a favorite show
I'm serious
I'm dead serious
Hi I'm Billy maze for an orange clean is one of the ones he does
That and you know they're going to send you 8,700 bottles of this orange peel crap
And pretty soon your whole body is going to smell like a walking orange you know
Guys annoying
That I think the clean stuff that he that he sells is pretty good
Oh I'm not saying it's not good
I don't have no idea because I would never buy anything from an infomercial again
After getting burned a couple of times
I've all one of those juices from the juicy man
Anybody want it?
It's sitting in a closet somewhere in my house
Does it work?
It worked the first time till it got broken
Like I said it worked about a half the first time until it broke itself
And then of course there's always Ron Popeel and our spaghetti maker machine
Our pasta machine
Remember that thing?
I love to throw that away because it was taken up space
About 40 cents worth of plastic
Oh the machine
The machine
See like I told you everything with Ron Popeel he calls a machine
I will say his rotisserie thing
And you notice they keep on plugging it
Because it's the first decent thing he's ever made in his life
Yeah
Making more money than God
You know I was just thinking here during the break
And the reason that I came back kind of awkward
There was because I was in a phone with my money guy
Buying stock
Not
I was just checking to make sure we know where my money is
Because he tends to be a little little little like that
Good guy but little
So anyway I was in a phone with him on my cell phone
But I was thinking during that break
That our
Engineering department and our sales department have so much in common
And maybe it's because it's QIM
Do you ever stop thinking about that?
Yeah
Yeah
They have something in common as they don't give a crap
They're inept and they don't give a crap
Like the thing with the phones again
Oh look at this we got the phone
The dots are up again
And we have to go through another embarrassing
Which you have to make a big joke out of it
Make a whole stick and a bit out of it
Because they can't get anything to work with this goddamn deal
The amazing part of it is when we first
Started doing shows from up here
The phone worked fine
Remember that?
Yeah of course
I had a little bit of trouble
I mean the equalization was a little bit off
I had a little trouble hearing about the headphones
The phone worked
It worked okay
But now what we are
What we're going backward
We're regressing
Just like this business with Sunday nights
Every Monday morning I come in here
There's no audio feed
Every stinkin Monday morning during football season
You could bet your life on
In fact I'll bet Greg's life on it right now
Okay
Then I'll come in here next Monday morning
There'll be no audio feed coming from down here
From QIM
Because there's just
Nobody gives a crap
See now I'm in a very dangerous situation right now
I think it's because I took a couple of calls this morning
I'm starting to actually care again about stuff
And I shouldn't be doing that
That's a great bet
Yeah
If you're going to be a QA
And you have to stop doing that
That's the first rule
Carlos I want you to learn that right now
Especially since you run a payroll for like 48 cents an hour
Net
Is don't give a crap
Don't start being conscientious
Don't care about doing a good job
Don't care like this morning
We didn't get on the year
I couldn't hear what was going on the last minute there
Forget about it
Don't care about it
See what I'm saying
Of the most
You care?
No
Excellent
See there's a quick learner for you
Quick study
You don't give a crap
And by the way Carlos you're fired
No, no seriously
He doesn't give a crap and that's why you should do it
Plus because people have tried to be conscientious
You're just banging your head against the wall
It's schlock
It's radio schlock
And we're making all of this money
We got spots up the old
All right
Yes
Welcome
And so why the hell should they care
Show us sold out George
It'll maintain those marginal numbers in the summertime
Hang's on by his toenails
I think that's pretty amusing the fact
Of course keep in mind now that's many teen plus not
255 before four
We can't get that breakdown on just the trends
Now another
Another three and a half weeks or so
When the whole summer book comes out then
Then
We're gonna find out when push comes to show
As he have my one number two
See enough
I'm back there
See you keep saying that
You know you're the worst rationalizer ever seen in my life
First of all this is a guy who says to me two years ago
I know it was last year last summer I come back
And he says oh you know arbitrage got this problem
They can't find our audience in the summertime
And then when you come back they overcompensate
And they goose your numbers up
I mean what kind of a person says something like that
What I said
That's pretty that's pretty damn close to what you said
They overcome always
They overcompensate when Neil comes back
So in other words not the audience is coming back
Not you can actually see the graph on our website
On the hits on our website every day
If you want to stop being a denied you can go on or you got it
Right there in front of you can check the stats
No I don't know what huh I have
It's a graph it's a chart it's a it's not a complete accurate thing
But it's an indication of how many people are listening out there
George you don't have to take it personally
I don't
There's no point
Everybody wants to talk about looking fecal matter with their tongue
Not everybody wants to hear about that every day
Once a week might be okay all right
But a steady diet of that can lead not only to physical deterioration
But also to you know mental deterioration as well
So quit doing it
At least talking about it I mean you want it can look all you want
You can look ass
Correct them
All you like
And then you'll start saying
Don't don't don't don't
Then you won't have any numbers
When you start saying that look what happened to him
I'm getting a headache from the show today
I already have had a headache
It's all my own mistake from from that experiment with the phone
I took the pool yesterday
If I if I
It was I was a quick study like Carlos
I would learn immediately the messages
They're very satisfied
With the show the way it is right now
And you want to know why why
Because everybody who voted on that appol yesterday
We had almost we had over a thousand votes by the time I goost it up there at the end
We had over a thousand votes
Those people are all listening right
How do you like that
There's some shows in the market don't have a thousand people listening all together
Forget about getting votes on a goddamn website
Which most people can't vote anyway because aOL blows
Are we ever going to do anything about that
About AOL
No no about that situation
In fact that most people can't vote on our poll every day
We'll get 75 80,000 hits on there
And you know
6, 700, 800 votes because most people can't vote
They click it on they can see the result
But if they have aOL most people can't vote
If there's anybody with a 75 block radius who already voted
It blocks them out
Right right
Well that blows
And no we're not going to do anything about that
AOL blows
Are we going to do anything about the audio
Did they ever settle that thing with the talent with the um
Not that we would know
I guess they never did did they
Settle what thing
Oh the broadcast.com that business
Yeah they're about the commercial love
The people do the commercials
They're wanting to get paid for having their spots
Like my check we're still not running them
No I
I'm not asking whether we're running them or not
I'm asking whether they settled it
In fact that we're not running them just means that
You know
We're locked into being lazy
Don't know
Thank you
Okay 10 past 11 at 5 60 WQM
I'm going home
Oh that's right I am home
Hahaha
Feel like that guilty thing
You know I keep playing the guilty thing on that new to one arc
I can't stop myself
There's just certain things that I feel compelled to play
The spirit of Christ compels me
Like that Mickey Mouse thing with um
I'm sure the audience is tired of that
Not that I've played it that many times
It's a long bit
But the Mickey Mouse thing with Eisner and with the bluebird on my shoulder and uncle Remus
It's just I'm sorry I just can't help myself
It's kind of like
It's like that I just can't stop
And from the rumors I'm hearing around a building down there is everybody's going around a building all day long singing
Yo yo yo let's rape mo
Which I think is very disrespectful when you come right down to it
Don't you
Both of the significant number of longer-range missiles were effectively concealed from the previous inspectors
And remain
Including up to 20
Extended-range-scut missiles
Missile don't tell other ways to that aren't you impressed
Missiles
I still like that Tony Blair until I realized that Bush had naked pictures of him in a Billy goat
Or maybe it was Prince Charles it looked like a Billy goat
Anyway, it's 11 past 11
I guess I'll do the break I don't know I'm just I'm just so out of sync since we took those calls and since that whole
Yeah, I'm just I'm I'm burned out on technical experiments that don't work on this mother fm radio station
You know I'm talking about everything has to be a big song to dance
It's not that complicated. We had a work in here before we had the phone working from Amsterdam for Christ's
I couldn't hear a guy damn thing, but it worked once upon a time remember that
Oh, yeah, and then evidently a whole bunch of things got changed around down there
But don't bother tell us about it
Because you know that needle he changes his mind all the time
But looks playing this on muff because muff was the one who was insisting on and addition to which
Remember last week muff sends me that note about after the show could I stick around and talk to a mini bob
George Corso aka mini bob our junior engineer there
And I was gonna like redo this thing on it would have been some experiment remember that get off you'd off. Yeah
I mean here's a great engineer that comes in here yesterday
Wish to half-hour of his life on the phone with his guy and still couldn't get us right now because the problem wasn't on this end
And he's refiguring this and putting in numbers that have been invented. I could never have done that
I can never even crawl down the floor here and stuck the goddamn keyboard back in a computer
Because I just don't know where to stick it. You know what I'm saying?
Yeah
Might as well
12 minutes. Oh look at this Iraq reacting to a Tony Blair
That in mid 2001 there was a step change in the program
We advised mr. Blair to pass on his dose here
To unmovic and the iAEA
For proper assessment and soon enough the truth will come out
We had already invited mr. Blair before he revealed
His does here to send
Any number of British experts
For the necessary duration
To assess on the ground
The validity of his so-called evidence to this program
But they've only slowed its progress
Love it
See more than just bedtime stories we got news in a making their Tony blurs debating this Iraqi scumbag
1113 and 560 wqm
We want to get a new mattress do it this smart way like I've been instructing you folks for the last seven years now
And some of you have wise a lot of you have wise evidently because they love me at the alamad
Present and that what the fat boy always says when I ask him about new copy. Oh, they love you
They love you the gateway response. They love it
That's always the cop-out from our sales department. Then he writes up a bunch of stuff about
I can't wait to get back to South Florida so I can sleep on my regular dial amatris
Forget about it. Just forget about them forget about them forget about the engineers
Let's just enjoy life. Okay, like the hump are always said life is sweet. Just forget about it
Is now what more we says to
Just forget about it. So if you want to get a brand new name brand mattress unbeatable price and tremendous delivery service
The likes of which you almost never heard of in your life before and dial amatris are the people you want to do business with
Just call 1-800-MATRES
Talk it over with the betting expert. They'll hook you up with exactly the brand name and the kind of mattress
You're looking for the size the firmness etc. And they got the best in the world
I got Serta Ceeley Simmons King Coral only top brand name mattresses no crap and they deliver to you when you want when you're
Going to be home any day of the week seven days a week any tour window that's convenient for you
And they give you that 30-day in-home comfort trial to try it out the real way by sleeping on it and doing your thing
So be smart this time call dial amatris right now. You'll thank me in the long run call
1-800-MATRES like I always do 1-800-MATRES or check them out on the web if you prefer at macrus.com
My my and loo this is 4356
Sir Mary Catherine
Jesus
Good Lord
I am no how it's a day
I'm in the
Mansion all over my own face
I'm moving
Where is purple
They I don't know why they take me
All why they always wait me
It must be because I got you
Blue and red is purple
They are on my arm like a ramic now he mappellacca what I got beans on my nose
Nobody knows that under my clothes I wear fancy holes
But that don't mean that I'm gay
If you think my arms have aired you ought to see my legs
I might as well keep on smoothing shave
It's your little glazed the next time I'm raping it
I could go to a surgeon but that gives me the shivers
I wouldn't want to walk I'm looking like John Rivers
Where am I?
I buy a little beast the fat little freak
I did him a paper now he can afford to eat
The reason I dismissed that stinkin fat bastard
The gas he wouldn't shut up and he can't play conestin
Hey somebody talk over there nobody talk from the rat
I rap ten you talk
Like look at me I'm hit
I ain't no square
I'm a ding dong daddy man I'm really dead
I buy a ready what I want I don't care
But believe they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair
I got fired myself it even happens to the grapes
Westwood once said you'll get out of here or else we break your legs
So now I sit by the pool life since good as it gets
With my paladin cocktail placing bets on the jets
In paradise paradise I don't kiss nobody's ass in paradise
door door door
I'll be sure that I'm screwed because when I get the chance
But the cleanest aren't ready with my line green pants
How long does that take?
Killed me calling the plate
And we just a little thought so what I love this day
Yeah I think that's fine I want another sandwich buddy
I can do what I want but the management loves me
Can I tell you something mo?
Something you ought to know
But the longest time I wanted you to be my dog
You wipe my tight bow now I have straight bow bow
Who you don't take no for an answer to that
You wouldn't
Not you
You're mad at it
But I'm big tense
door door
yeah yeah
eleventh twenty at five sixty at wbqa
I am happy twos day to you
I like Bruce Williams to say happy twos day to you
What are they? A great broadcast is all time
Not hey my question died you just passed me this
Yeah who Hall of Fame center helped the steers when four super bowls
died today at the age of fifty
He died at Allegheny a general hospital in Pittsburgh of a heart attack
Reselected the pro football Hall of Fame in January of 1997
I inducted seven months later July 26th
How do you like that?
Born in Tomahawk, Wisconsin March 1852
went on to be an all ten big center for the banger's
Before being drafted by the steers
Playing more seasons 15 and more games
So in 2020 the other player in Pittsburgh history
Even more than Franco Harris
How do you like them apples?
Mike Webster is dead
shocking kind of young
50 heart attack
You know there are a lot of jocks who like my one going to it and they just they die
254 votes in our pool and a lot of you people would like to see old Tomahawk Tomahawk
Tomahawk there died two good man-huller name is that bitch
The child whooping bitch
What should be the punishment for Madeline Gorman
Too Good
I can't even say that I don't I just my tongue doesn't want to
Well blurt that out too good too bad to be true
The woman caught on tape beating her for little for your little girl that Indiana turned that tinker tinker
Gornabitch of the steak on national TV 90 people 35 and a half percent say gornabitch
Yeah
You're right. I sure I should might as well make use of that because it has so little other use that
Hopkins dropping what do we do with people like her?
Burn the bloody bitches. There you go
Hahaha nice going Tom. How's he doing by the way? We ever hear from him again not lately
Here's the guy I my hats off to him a great news guy a good guy
And he just finally got out of the business. He took off and he went to like South America somewhere said school all of this
You know good for you Tom. Hope he's doing well
Maybe he's in Costa Rica. Maybe he's hanging out with the the bug man, you know
Oh, it's bigger the bug man we got no more ants. Thanks Steve. Don't call us. We'll call you
You know what I mean? What do you mean?
I mean Steve the bug man did a good job, but we don't want to talk to rich. I mean he talks because he's
He's strange. He's a little bit st maybe all bug people are strange, you know what I don't know. Maybe it's the poison
probation only for the bitch 50 probation and loss of custody of her children 45
Uh one year in jail 29 three years in jail 24 no punishment spare the rod and spoil the child
21 21 of you lunatics out there. I know we'd get some votes on it. It's not just a cranky
There's a lot of people I think that I think that apparently will just beat the crap out of the
It's one thing they give the kid a smack, you know what I'm saying
But he just beat the bloody crap out of a warrior-rolled little girl
And it be banging on her and whiff on her like some kind of a real goddamn dog
Like a min pin
Maybe they got a point, you know
Well, maybe the little girl just didn't get the stuff she was supposed to get so they could return it and get the money for it
Right
Maybe she missed out on her ass Simon
Broward election steves be speaking of missing out missing out on your assignment
Broward election chief signs away power and wake a botched election
This is hysterical
Broward county election supervisor Miriam elephant seated virtually all control over orifice and local elections in a contract
You sign yesterday in response to criticism that she bundled the September 10th primary you blew it Miriam
Okay, you blew it
All election responsibilities and all personnel and budget decisions will not be the responsibility of a professional administrator
That state and local political leaders urged her to hire joke codder
Remember him used to play for the exit for the blue jays. No
Codder had run the offices day-to-day operations under elephants predecessor but left in January
Codder's employment contract leaves elephant as little more than a figurehead for the remainder of her first German office
It runs through November 2004 after the next presidential election
Oive and after elephant will have to stand for reelection
Her only direct duties will be to hire administrative assistant choose the offices lawyer and dole out voter outreach money
If she interferes with codder he can quit and collect his annual salary of $105,000
So all we can say is welcome back codder
The extraordinary deal aims to keep elephant and codder from sniping in each other publicly
If elephant makes any derogatory remarks codders in Ted Lowe's severance package
Codder could lose his job if he says anything negative about Ms. Elephant
The contract with codders part of the steps elephant agreed to take last week
Rather than face the prospect of being removed from orifice form his conduct because of the widespread election problems
In addition county administrators will manage the polls on November 5 as a personal birthday present to me
Elephant makes 122 grand year supervisor and her spokesman said he didn't know how she'd cover
codders new salary
She has a payroll of some three million dollars with 14 employees make more than 50 grand a year another employee
While her foeman is listed as deputy supervisor has salary in 95,000 six and their four assistant supervisors make between 85 and 60 grand
Of course, if water shares on the jury wouldn't he be the foeman
Elephant's lawyer Robert Bushall
Every name in here has got like a bit waiting, you know what
Robert Bushell I guess that is cast the contract is no different than codders responsibilities before jane
Carol retired as election supervisor in 2000 he said elephant has legal authority to sign over the duties because
She ultimately remains responsible under state law and if she has the same boxed up result in the next election
She didn't the last one. I tell you what we're gonna like put her on TV too. We'll make you a start to marium elephant
This is more of her relationship between codder and her then codder in the citizens of Robert county
Bushell said the buck stops with her even though he has substantial authority
The September 11th election is we all no tune in the way disaster as polls open late and closed early
Voters received an accurate read an accurate registration information
Uncoded votes were found after initial tallies were sent to the state
Neither elephant nor codder could be reached for comment of course yesterday
But codder previously told the south-fotus unsenthaled that he thought he could have the election system ready and time for new urban
We're all given the help that's been offered so we're hoping they've got our fingers and legs crossed
Oh
And by the way, what's his name? What's the bolt headed our James Carpella on cross-fair last night?
Which I hate to show but I saw about five minutes had some great things
He said governor Jeff Bush is the biggest fumbler bumbler the worst of any of the 50 states in a country
And the idea that he should be given another four years is so grotesque and unthinkable unacceptable
That it almost defies words even from a lunatic like him. How do you like that? Uh the worst fumbler bumbler of them all we got him
Right as we continue being consistent maybe not good, but we're consistent
26 after 11 at 5 60 like Tony Blair. We're consistent
The capability being developed incidentally is the multipurpose use good
Hey, with your busy lifestyle you need all the energy you can to feel healthy
And that's why we urge you to start popping oleumets start popping it and the oleumets too because it's good for you
It's got the best olive oil anywhere on a planet pure olive oil in there along with all kinds of other good stuff
And those little soft-shell capsules you just pop in your push their vitamins in their minerals in their herbals in their
God only knows what's in there and they have one product specifically designed to help your heart
One for your blood pressure cholesterol and prostate one for your circulatory system
There's a product help your digestive and endocrine's designed
All using the benefits of pharmaceutical rate olive oil and oleumets products for men and separate ones for you ladies out there too
Designed for your various Tories
Picks them up today. That's all over town
You'll find it at the whole food markets
You'll find the oleumet and Walgreens of course
Sinanos and Navarro pharmacies if you'd like to get more information about their sensational products
And how they can help you in the way you feel
Discover toll free number one eight six six oleumets. That's one eight six six oleumets
You can order their products online too if you like it oleumetamerica.com
My
And look
This is sports radio by six
You way
Yeah
For you Q&A
Go
Fuck yourself
Good afternoon
This is your captain speaking with just a little flight information coming up on the left
We're going to be catching a glimpse of the grand canyon on the right
You can be able to see the Hubertam in just a few minutes
Couple little facts here. I'm packing a colt King Cobra. That's a 357 caliber fire arm with the black rubber grip in a six-inch barrel
Copilot is carrying a Kimber custom defense pistol with all the bells and whistles
You'd expect from a custom gun of that kind with an alloy frame and bevel treatment on the entire gun
I let's got a gun
I let's got a gun
I let's get a loaded one
Down to nothing down
Better
Forget
For you overtakes of you
Instead of getting arrested something for what happened on the
You till we're real
And now the power
Back to lax and enjoy the rest of the flight
11.32.5.60 WQM happy Tuesday to you get all this done and we look forward to working with the members of Congress to get it done
Oh, yeah, let's get it done baby. Let's go over there and blow him. He don't he reminds me of Sodom
He's like Frankenstein's monster. That's what that's what he reminds me of and of course
It was this is W's hero was Reagan and of course daddy daddy bush
And those that why are they showing these real tight close-ups?
What is that
I think they're screwed up
I'm bigger pardon but zoom in on his eyeball again. That was bad
They were like the cameraman was a screwing up there and he was like a closed zooming in like they were gonna show us a zit on his fort or something
Hey, I even I feel bad for him which is saying a lot by the way, Joe
I got your facts. Thank you so much. Here's a guy that's got that diaries. You like that? Yeah
You read that a lot we love Joe a lot and he's right the new radio does suck and even listens to the news and I would be in the morning
Because of morning radio is so bad. I guess you don't listen to our boy in the morning is what it sounds like
And of course who does he likes Hank and Jim is says but as soon as I hear who do you think the fendzel draft in 2007?
Or what's the over and under on the unders and overs? I have to change a channel and then of course
It's the same crap songs over and over again on the FM on big dick 106
So we thank you very much especially for that last sentence there Joe. So wink wink nudge nudge. Thank you
We love don't we love Joe? I like a lot bomb threat stops trained you know this story
No, well, it's another bedtime story from Uncle Neil
In fact, that's why Bulk of Brian has curled up on his little couch just like mirror a la guardie
Was reading stories on the radio
A man allegedly made a bomb threat aboard an amtrak train forcing it to stop for more than two hours an amtrak spokeswoman said
You should conquer will annoyed bomb capital limited with 104 pastures in 15 crew members made the unscheduled stop Sunday
In McKee's port Pennsylvania this Pittsburgh suburb while the you know McKee's port. No, why not never been to Pittsburgh
Nope, don't
It's okay in this Pittsburgh suburb while FBI officials and a bomb sniffing dog search the train for explosives said amtrak spokeswoman
Karina van Veein
None was found FBI special agent Bill Crowley said Raymond Lamont Smith no relation to Dave Lamont 27
allegedly told some of aboard the train he had a bomb Crowley said police arrested Smith who had an outstanding warning Georgia
Ununrelated drug charge Crowley said Smith's last known address could not immediately be determined
Authorities were determining whether to file federal local charges passengers and crew members were allowed to
Re-board the train and continue out of Chicago nearly four hours behind schedule because some scumbags says
I got a bomb. I need like that piece of turd speaking of turd burgers
The guardian the British guardian the good a lot of the good stories come out of the British paper
So came because the United quite is twisted around is a lot of our publications here
soldier killed boy in cold blood say British volunteers. This isn't today's guardian
A 13-year-old Palestinian boy was deliberately shot dead by an Israeli soldier without any provocation
Say to British human rights volunteers who witnessed the incident and Israeli army spokesman confirmed last night that an inquiry had been launched
I was with three other international volunteers in a street on NABLIS on Sunday with Baja Albaish who often tags along with a
So warmly witnesses who gave his first name as Al
There had been some stone throwing. I hope his last name isn't kaita
There have been some stone throwing tanks and armored personnel curries which enforce the curfew
It happens frequently in our practices to stand up decide to observe
We always make sure the Israelis can see us and we don't stand with the kids as it can encourage them
He said the incident appeared to be over and the people in disbursement and armored personnel carrier stopped nearby
I heard a single shot and Baja was lying on the ground his eyes glazed and bloodstaring to come out of his mouth
It was clear. He had no chance
An ambulance came within two minutes and he died in a high velocity bullet had destroyed his left lung
Al who declined to give his surname because of the problems he says volunteers face at the airport when they leave Israel has been working in NABLIS for about six weeks
This is the worst thing I've seen in my time here
He says actually it's the worst thing I've seen in my life
There was no way Baja could have been a threat to a soldier 120 yards away with a flag jacket
And a helmet sitting in an APC he had nothing in his hands and even if he had had a stone couldn't have thrown it effectively from that distance
I went back today and measured the distance exactly the shot was not a ricochet as far as I'm concerned
These people are child killers whether or not they were aiming at the boy. There was no reason to shoot
Another of the four volunteers you would jazowitz for 24 from London said
An armored personnel carrier came and stopped on the left side of the street a soldier popped up from inside
If someone is rightfully aimed at some kids on the street
There was no stone throwing or shooting going on at the time
She said that in a month spent with Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza Strip
She had often seen soldiers trained gun sites on people without further incident
This time was different this soldier fired it wasn't accidental the soldiers decided to kill him
And Israeli spokesman said the army was trying to determine what happened the first assessment was that an army patrol
So I've shot lighting a fire bomb which then sent him on fire, but until we have better information
I can't comment he said a doctor at Rafidia hospital in Noblesse the teenager was killed by a bullet which entered through the shoulder and penetrated his chest
And of course on the heels of that
US abstains in security council vote on mid east resolution
But I guess we're supposed to be lawting the US for not at least vetoing it
The US decided not to veto a security council resolution calling for Israel to withdraw from Palestinian cities
clearing the way for its passage early day and handing a diplomatic victory to the Palestinians
The resolution which passed 14 to zip with America abstaining was negotiated by the European Union and Kabul together
With language from competing US and Arab proposals
The resolution that we've adopted this evening was flawed in our view that it failed was explicitly condemned the terrorist groups
And those who provide them with political cover support and safe haven in perpetuating conflict in the Middle East
Deputy to US Ambassador James Cunningham said
But the vote was a victory for the Palestinians and their Syrian backers on the 15 member security council
Arafat spokesman Nabul Abu Riddina called the vote a step in the right direction
I believe the substention from the United States is a clear criticism of Israel and its actions on the ground
And it reveals their dissatisfaction with Israel and its measures
Israeli or UN Ambassador you who to Lankerey said the US's abstentions should be seen in light of Washington's desire to preserve good and national relations
I had a possible military action against Iraq and of course to preserve that Jewish vote any of that they might get in the November elections
Oh, sorry, I didn't say that did I?
Did I say that?
I didn't hear it. Okay
Oh Blair outlines Iraq, but it's not that we need to do this story when we got it. It is clear
But it's a significant number. Yeah, I should play the little thing that before he says it is clear
I should play that little blurb that's on this tape. It's just a fluke is how it came out. Yeah
That's just how it came out. It's kind of like a little three-stoo just thing there before Tony start speaking
Where is it? It is clear
He gets seven dwarves isn't it? In fact, it wouldn't have been something if right after that little sound Tony Blair would have started speaking and gone
Like that that would have been great. I won't get to him in a second. We got a lot of other bedtime stories for you here
And of course we got Jim Manage coming up from Shula State to a one this afternoon the highly rated Hank Goldberg
You gave this out. Thank you hopper. He picked this up with his big fatties fenders and yanked this station right up by his bootstraps
Nice going thank God for the Humper during those horrible summer months
When George is chasing the audience away with those grotesque ass stories and of course Moe
He just he just chased them away period and they ain't coming back
Is what it looks like to me. I could be wrong, but I I don't think so
In fact, Moe we did a little research this morning. We looked through some of the old books of the the worst team
Was never had any gigantic numbers, but you know they they were like mediocre at best, but nevertheless
Moe I think maybe setting new lows before he's done with
How low in fact that's the question people are asking all around the market now around the radio market now that this new trend just came out yesterday
How low can Moe go that seems to be the question and I don't think anybody's got the answer yet
I don't think we you know what they talk about like on Wall Street about retesting the lows
Yeah, I think that's what we're doing on a morning show. We're retesting the lows from like back when John Moynihan was there
And some of the other weak need sisters they had in the morning
20 till noon at 560 WQM if you have weak needs you need good shoes that makes sense to you
Of course, or if you like Tom Mulling and you got big feet you need what time is the issue on tonight smallville eight or nine? Oh, let me check
How you gonna check? I got a thing here. Okay, you better look at your things. I forgot and I apologize for that because
This is one thing I should definitely know I can't afford to miss smallville or that's the end of me
That's you know, and of course this episode tonight
Is going to be so heavy duty man. We got that red pickup truck with Lana and it's flying through the air
And the Clark has got to save her ass and then the meantime we got the little spaceship is like hovering in mid air there in
Suspendered animation like Larry King 9 o'clock 9 o'clock tonight on wb smallville be there or b square okay
Or like Dick and Versailles let's go down to b squared
Can you believe he said that
The Lonnie Bernstein let's go down the b squared that's freaking dick and brick
Time to hang it up dick. Okay, once you get past the 80-100 time to say bye bye. Thanks a lot
Hey, I'll tell you a place where you'll say hi. Hi. I'm glad to see you
Hi, hi, and that's Brandy shoes and Pompato Beach
Brandy's is a great place to shop because they treat you right
They know your feet inside and out they got unbeatable selection and they got all the top names and on top of that
They have unbeatable everyday low prices too
They got the top names like I said rock ports, which are some of the best in the world
S.A.S.
Sparies Timberlain naturalizer and lots more as well
So you can just about be guaranteed whichever style you're looking for to suit you right when you walk in there
They'll have your size and stock even if you got gigantic big feet like Tom Welling or little teeny tiny feet like the beast
Then the beast have small feet
I never looked I would think so and of course when you weigh 600 pounds like the beast you can't afford to have small feet
It's bad for support
Anyway Brandy's is open daily nine to nine every Sunday 10 to five and they're still going strong
And that's in great location. You've known them and loved them in for years now 1290 more federal highway and Pompato Beach
And the good news for you is the final summer clear-ons close-out blow even though it's not officially summer anymore
It's the fall forget about that the close-out continues at Brandy's for a select group of famous brands up to 73% savings
Right now it continues for a third week at Brandy shoes and Pompato Beach
You
Funny Fox I was to meet Rodgers because I could hear the word asshole
autonomous
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
I'm not gonna waste a lot of time with this.
This is still a minor people like George Revin, big gas-guzling SUVs.
We have to see other why for the oil factor we could blow Saudi Arabia and Iraq and Iran and Sudan and all those farthest on the eastern edge or at least further in within the already are.
But it's all about OIL and NONEY.
We call that those rules were introduced out of revulsion over these spoils system under which federal appointments were reserved for political oilists practiced begun under Andrew Jackson.
Mr. Robes original model was William McKinley until September 11th we thought Mr. Robes admired McKinley's domestic political strategy.
McKinley was also the president who acquired an overseas empire and there's a definite whiff of imperial ambition in the air once again.
You smell it? I can.
He writes of course the new bush doctrine in which the United States will seek regime change and nations that we judge might be future threats is driven by high moral purpose.
But McKinley or Imperialists also thought they were morally justified. The war with Spain which ruled its colonies with great brutality but posed no threat to us was justified by an apparent act of terror the sinking of the battleship main even though no evidence ever linked that attack to Spain.
And the purpose of our conquest of the Philippines was McKinley declared to educate the Filipinos and uplift and civilize and Christianize them moral clarity aside the parallel between America's pursuit of manifest destiny essentially ago and its new global sense of mission has a lot to teach us.
First the experience of the Spanish American warship reminds us that quick conventional military victory is not necessarily the end of the story.
Thanks to American technological superiority Adam George do we destroy the Spanish fleet of Manila Bay without losing a single man but a clean high tech war against Spain somehow turned into an extremely dirty war against the Filipino resistance one in which hundreds of thousands of civilians died.
Second America's imperial venture should service an object warning against taking grand strategic theories too seriously.
The doctrines that they saw colonies as strategic assets in the end it's very doubtful whether our control of the Philippines made us stronger.
Now we're sure that the military action against the road states will protect us from terrorism but the road state now in our sites doesn't seem to have been involved in 9-11 what determines whose regime gets changed.
Finally we should remember that the economic doctrines that we used to justify Western empire building during the late 19th century that counties would provide valuable markets and sources of raw materials turned out to be nonsense.
Almost without exception the cost of acquiring and defending a colonial empire greatly exceeded even a generous accounting of its benefits these days pundits tell us that a war with Iraq will drive down oil prices and maybe even yield a financial windfall but the effect on oil prices is anything but certain while the heavy cost of war occupation and rebuilding for we won't bomb Iraq then wash our hands of responsibility will we are not in doubt.
And no the United States cannot defray the cost of a lot of Iraqi oil revenue not unless we want to confirm to the world that we're just old fashioned imperialist after all in the end 19th century imperialism was a diversion it's hard not to suspect that the bush doctrine is also a diversion a diversion from the real issues of dysfunctional security agencies of sinking economy a devastated budget and a tattered relationship with our allies rights Paul Krutman in today's New York Times.
I want Paul right on target babies got a summer right on it he's not cave in.
There's a few of us not keeping and now you notice the new poll 49% of the Americans it's no longer the economy stupid now 49% of the public believe that Sodom is the number one issue Iraq okay.
Oh yeah they've done a masterful job right before election time I'm looking at my watch here it says the 24th September what are we about six weeks away from the election something like that.
I just mentioned that in passing.
It's 11 past noon we got the mad dog coming up on the clock from Shula State to the Humper the man who is like just a giant sports talk industry who's saving our ass this summer in fact you ought to go in here and kiss him on the toes because he'll be in the studio today the
company. Can I kiss him on the ring. Kiss him on his ring okay kiss him on his ring is staying in suspenders whatever how come I keep saying suspenders.
I don't know I think Hank it looks snazzy in suspenders he probably certainly look better in Larry King but then again so with Quasimodo I mean Larry King is if you notice him lately.
No not lately or he's starting to look really bad you know and he's starting to look really really old.
Hey by now you've heard I'm positive the incredible earning potential of people in the computer industry computer professionals we call him you heard us talk about the incredible man for certain certified computer
professionals and the fact that Todd records a flaming asshole you've also heard us talk about the great people of fast train.
But some do yourself a favor pick up the phone call fast train tool free at one eight six six fast train you can complete your program get certified in four
short months and be on your way to a new higher paying career fast trains got four convene locations and they brought including that newest one in most
prestigious and highly congested Kendall fast trains got convenient day evening we can classes to fit your schedule they got full time job placement
department with over 30 years experience to get you started so if you want to get yourself out of your dead end job if you want a career where you can make some
serious cash and have a couple of nickels from up together here's the answer for you pick up the phone there's no obligation call a people of fast
train they'll answer all your questions call toll free one eight six six fast train tell them Todd direct to it to call and when they stop
laughing and pick up the phone again the lines of your questions call one eight six six fast train or check them out on the
web at fast train dot com
Sisters
Huayam
The
Rick Riley stole my briefcase.
Yes.
I liked a part in his face.
That's Marmy Dick, what gives him the right?
I think his wife won't abide it off tonight.
Rick Riley stole my briefcase.
What did he say to the human race?
Oh, Rick, you're a smuck.
Rick Riley stole my briefcase.
I like a part in his face.
Rick Riley, you're an asshole.
Say it again.
Yeah.
I need help.
Okay, the reason I played that, I shouldn't play that bit anymore because it says something about
the way he played.
I'm not going to say that now.
Rick, now that he bailed us out on his last trend here, nice going air, Humper.
Congratulations to you.
Well deserved.
Because basically the station is like, and I don't, you know, any case a great guy and Joe and Mark overnight.
You know, we got a lot of other stuff going on the dolphin games, but generally speaking, our station is like 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.
When you say, who me?
Anyway, and I'm not asking you anything.
Okay, because you're such a pussy man.
You're so non-committal.
They got you.
They have you right where they want your boy.
They got you so pacified.
Yeah.
You get out that cart we got back there.
Some of those meowing sounds because pretty soon the chief that no wonder you're worried about the Chinese.
If they were fine, they'd fry you for lunch.
Anyway, here's the fact that says I was flipping the reason I played that.
I was flipping the restrictions a couple of mornings ago in the douchebag on Zeta was trying to come up with a contest to win tickets and said,
remember when we used to do copper, no copper, donut chops?
Wasn't that a Rick and such bit?
I'm so really correct.
Of course it was.
What's wrong with young Ron anyway, you know?
I had no idea.
What the hell is wrong with them?
I'll ask them.
I mean, it's not funny anymore.
You know the fact that they just keep ripping off everybody else's deal?
Come up with something original, Paul, okay?
For, I mean, he had a couple of good bits there.
Those Sammy Smith ones and the Bill and Ted's excellent adventure and a Rick Sanchez.
And I was in.
That's his claim to fame.
How did they do in his last train?
Which we didn't do that great.
George didn't do that great.
And the mornings on our station.
Oh my god.
Oh, wow.
Getting pretty scary.
You know who I really wonder what he's thinking.
He's probably not saying too much because of course he never makes no mistakes.
I wonder what Rick is thinking about at this point, you know?
After we f'd up the morning show big time and got all temperamental and got all bent out of sorts
and chased away Joe and then probably sent depot and like rehab,
which is why he did that thing with the Indians.
And then of course, guilty is, you know,
Geldy now is like a prisoner of Zenda.
All he's got to do is start thinking about hockey and right away to kick his ass out of the room for a few minutes
so he can get it out of his head.
So anyway, speaking of the Jehovah's Witnesses, which I noticed that we had a,
wasn't that the one area where we had a serious decline in our response on the poll?
Yes, we did.
And here may be the reason maybe the busy reading Jehovah's Witnesses.com and not in your Rogers.com.
If I had known this was such good reading, I'd have visited that set a long time ago.
Well, you better get with it mister because maybe you'll get your numbers back up there
instead of talking about eating ass and stuff like this.
You know, Dwight Lauderdale don't have time to listen to your show every day.
Although I do hear the rumors inside Channel Tenney likes it a lot.
And you're show too.
Questions from readers on Jehovah's Witnesses.com.
Somebody has faxed this to us.
I think this is extraordinarily interesting.
Recently in the news was a court decision ruling that oral compilation by adults
is no longer punishable by law in a certain state.
Would such practice therefore be solely a matter for individual conscience
if engaged in by a Christian couple within the marriage arrangement, question mark,
and a question coming from the USA.
Wouldn't have a name.
Wouldn't have like an address.
Somebody in the USA.
And here's the answer from Jehovah's Witnesses.
We believe that aside from those who have been indoctrinated with the view that in marriage anything goes,
the vast majority of persons would normally reject as repugnant the practice of oral compilation
as also anal copulation.
If these forms of intercourse are not contrary to nature, then what is?
That those practicing such acts do so by mutual consent as married persons
would not thereby make these acts natural or not obscene.
Are we being narrow or extreme in taking such position?
I wonder what they mean by that.
Missionary.
No, as seen by the fact that several states of the West have for a long time had laws
against precisely such practices, classifying them as forms of Sodom Legal Usage
which were considered to be international dictionary, includes in its definition of Sodom.
This, carnal copulation with the member of the same sex or with an animal or unnaturally carnal copulation,
or unnatural carnal copulation with the member of the opposite sex,
specifically the penetration of the male organ to the mouth or anus of another,
into the mouth or anus of another.
Of course, dictionaries in state laws differ but our position is based primarily upon God's word, the Bible.
Yet such worldly evidence, in fact, remember in Genesis, where God says,
be fruitful and multiply but don't eat no ass.
Yet such worldly evidence serves as a certain purpose, one corresponding in principle to what the Apostles said at one Corinthians 5.1.
There he showed that the sexual relations of one member of the Corinthian congregation were of a kind,
condemned even by people of the pagan nations.
So the application of the term Sodom in modern terms to the mentioned forms of copulation shows that we are not unreasonable to say that they are not away unnatural, but grossly so.
Gross! I think they're only gross on the pen and who's doing it.
Therefore, the overruling of some state laws and the declaring of oral copulation or similar unnatural copulation as legal,
does not alter our Bible-based position.
In a world of the King's morals, we can expect that some law courts may succumb in varying degrees
to the growing trend towards sexual perversion, just as some of the clergy and doctors have done.
Some of the clergy, like, and others, it is not our purpose to attempt to draw precise lines as to where what is natural ends and what is unnatural begins.
You know why I think it ends and begins at your end?
That's what I'm thinking. Or maybe it's your mouth.
But we believe that by mediating on Bible principles, a Christian should at least be able to discern what is grossly unadjured.
I can't read any more of this, so can't make me sick to my stomach.
It's gross.
It's grossing me out.
Here's another good article from the New York Times today from that Kami Pinkle publication that all you write,
oh, that's right, the right wing is over with rush now.
Oh, good. We can breathe easy.
They're over there listening to that.
Look, they're not that right wing propaganda that makes them feel so good that they stick their finger deep inside their anus.
Like them.
And give themselves a little twitch on the prostate.
Nicholas Christoff writes in the New York Times today, the day after.
As soon as American troops are rolling through Sodom Hussein's palaces, the odds are that this holy Shiite city, Najaf, a hundred miles south of Baghdad,
will erupt in a fear of killing torture, rape, and chaos.
The Shiite Muslims who make up 60% of Iraq, but who've never held power, will rampage through the narrow streets here.
Remembering the whispers from the Bazar about how Sodom's minions burned the beard off the face of a great Shiite leader,
named Muhammad Baka al-Sadir, then raped and killed his sister in front of him and finally executed him by driving nails through his head.
The rebels will tear apart anyone associated with the ruling Bav party.
In fact, don't you think that a lot of those people over there could use a good bath?
In one Shiite city after another, expect battles between rebels and army units,
periodicals for an Iranian-style theocracy, and perhaps a drip toward civil war.
For the last few days, I've been traveling in three Shiite cities,
Karbala, Najaf, and Basra, and the tension in the Bazar is thicker than the dust behind the docky carts.
So before we rush into Iraq, we need to think through what we'll do the morning after Sodom is toppled.
Do we send in our troops just trying to seize the mortars and machine guns from the warring factions?
Or do we run from civil war and risk letting Iran cultivate its own puppet regime?
In the north, do we suppress the Kurds if they take advantage of the chaos to seek independence?
Do we fight off the Turkish army if it intervenes in Kurdistan?
Unless we're prepared for the consequences of our invasion, we have no business invading at all.
So I pray Sodom lay deluge.
What the hell does that do?
See, when they start with that French stuff, I don't get it.
Anyway, that's only a guess, of course, but it's exactly what happened last time Sodom was in trouble at the end of the Persian Gulf War 1991,
with the central government tottering a Shiite uprising began in Basra and quickly spread.
Here in Najaf, rebels tossed officials out of the windows of the Baut party headquarters to be hacked apart by others below,
rioters raped and killed children in front of their parents.
Sodom's suppression two weeks later, as U.S. forces stood by passively, was equally brutal,
with rebels hanging from landposts and dragging their deaths behind tanks.
Not surprising when I asked people in the Bazaar about the uprising, they mostly turned pale and remembered urgent business elsewhere.
It hurts my heart when I remember it said Nasim Jawad, a 40-year-old juror in the Najaf Bazaar,
who was one of the few to admit to being in the area at the time.
They burned the supermarkets, destroyed the laboratory schools and hospitals.
Mr. Jamad was prudent enough to adhere to the government lines that the rebellion was work of Iranian provocateurs and wouldn't happen again, but I bet otherwise.
In Basra, as they senior Baut party official, if he wasn't worried that he and his family would be targets of mob wrath,
he protested so passionately I couldn't help thinking that he had spent a few sleepless nights considering that possibility.
In the north of Iraq, the challenge for the U.S. will be different.
Many Kurds will demand at least quasi independence and will be a ferocious struggle for the city of Kirkuk,
which floats on the sea of oil. Kirkuk is aggressively coveted by the Kurds, by the Turkish-backed Turkmen minority,
and of course by the Iraqi Arabs who control it now.
More broadly, if the U.S. brings democracy to Iraq, it'll mean seizing power from the 17%-sooning minority who dominate the army and government and giving it to the 60% Shiite majority.
The offshot could be greater influence for Iran, a fellow Shiite country, with close ties to Iraq-Shiaite cities.
Iatola Command, he spent 13 years in exile here in Najaf, and many top Iranian-Iatola state for shorter periods.
Iranian hardliners are probably salivating in the thought of American-Ievi creating a Shiite Iraq so that the two countries could pull their nuclear resources and build the bomb together.
Of course there are happier scenarios as well. Iraq also has a 95% literacy rate and a secular middle class that eventually could be fertile soil for a democracy that would be a model for the Arab world.
So it's fine to hope for democracy as long as we brace for civil war.
If we invade Iraq, it must be with eyes wide open.
The most ticklish challenge ahead is not overthrowing Sodom, but managing the resulting up evil for a decade afterward writes Nicholas Christoph in the New York Times today.
Sure a little different from what we did last time, ain't it?
Sure a little different from what we did in Afghanistan last time, ain't it?
Nope.
26 past noon at 560 WQA, and have you heard the news about Todd Dreff being an asshole?
Yeah, good, because it's absolutely true. Truth and packaging, baby. Just take a look at him and you say, there's a little asshole right there.
Look at it. There's a little asshole. It's Todd Dreff.
Have you heard about the 3.95% mortgage?
True. If you've been thinking about it, stop thinking and do something smart because now is the smart time to buy a home or refinance your existing home at the amazingly low rateable, only 3.95%.
If you have a 7.5% mortgage, that 3.95% rate would save you over 3.5% over 3500 bucks the first year on a $100,000 mortgage.
So instead of making things hard on yourself, pick up the phone and make them really easy, call financial group at 1-800-940-L-E-N-D and I'll explain it to you.
That's 1-800-940-5363.
Getting yourself a mortgage someplace else will cost you literally thousands of extra dollars every year who wants to do that.
Think of all the money you can save when you got a 3.95% mortgage.
Financial group has helped thousands of people just like you.
Put your financing in the best possible position by getting yourself an amazing 3.95% mortgage.
Call financial group today and check this out. Call 1-800-940-5363.
1-800-940-5363.
They're an equal housing letter. Quitter restrictions do apply.
Rates are subject to change if you wait too long and when you call, tell them that Todd direct-order to call and they'll probably hang up.
Live and local. Here's Sports Radio 560.
You a-you-a-m.
Now can I ask you a question, Sir Kent?
Well what was that?
I'm not talking about the-the bit part of it.
That sounded like the chic on-on helium.
But what-what kind of an ending was that?
Well a-a clever and imaginative ending.
Tiny-kin!
Fuck this shit!
Tax-boo-ribbon!
Lots of bucks they wanted.
It's lots of bucks they needed.
Bye bye bye!
I just got the boot now and mine won't stop.
Bye bye bye!
Bye bye bye!
I told you Russian sorry.
Or did it in the play it would have been fun.
But I'm sure there's 20 million that's for sure.
Now I'm left just burnt down.
All this goods that could have played their dues.
All I've got to say is screw those Russian dudes.
Lots of bucks they wanted.
Bye bye bye!
Lots of bucks they needed.
I just got the boot now and mine won't stop.
Property too, that's the region.
After the promo is just a good thing that muff is back.
It's gonna take a little while to get into a whole full gear.
Like get down that sales department and keep in the elbow grease on a muff.
Keep on and baby especially that little puddle-wacker-todd-dreck
who absolutely refuses to do a goddamn thing at all.
Piece of turd man.
He's stealing from that joint.
But anyway.
And these promos you notice when clearance has been the interim pro.
That's right I forgot he is a program director.
Well he's gonna have to be overruled.
Promos are too long.
They're too prondrous.
We haven't had a new pro.
A mole pro.
Promo in Kunze.
We still got that al-micro thing on it.
And they're all too long.
We don't want to hear half of the guy show.
I mean here's his voice.
Here's a little, you know, 10 seconds.
Let's get back to it.
We've had that discussion a million times.
We've got these formatted breaks.
Give us a little bit of a promo here on the region.
And let's get on with the show.
Okay.
Not these long, prondrous interruptions that you people are famous for.
Like those 9 minute breaks that chase the worst team off the air.
You know what I'm talking about?
What are you talking about?
The promos are too effort long.
That's what I'm talking about.
And of course that last one.
And then the bizarre ending.
You know, the trick ending.
Like let's trick the host.
And I'm sitting here and I got, you know, I'm waiting.
And you know how worse you got your finger on it.
And the button too.
And like, okay, when is this?
Yeah.
You know, like, what is that?
Oh, and speaking of what is that?
Look at that market again.
How the Dow is down another 161 points.
And the NASDAQ, which was up a couple, is now down four.
And it's like a precipitous draft.
And NASDAQ is under 1200, the lowest in six years and continuing to drive.
And the Dow is like a 7700.
And we'll finish under 7700.
And if it keeps going this way on the day.
How do you like that?
I don't know.
And precipitous decline.
We better invade today, baby.
Oh!
Get our minds off all these depressing things.
What's invito's freaking Iraqis?
Those smatha heads right now.
And get out of more important things like OIL and MONEY.
Am I right or what?
You're right.
FNA.
Here's some other important crap.
CDC releases Smallpox vaccination plan.
Have you heard this?
Yes.
Federal health officials have put together guidelines for vaccinating within five days.
The entire U.S. population against smallpox in case of a bioterrorist attack.
These centers for disease control and prevention sent a manual to all 50 states in Washington on Monday
with instructions on how to vaccinate entire populations within a week of an outbreak.
Called the Smallpox vaccination guide.
The CDC manual tells states that rapid voluntary vaccinations may be required to stop the virus from spreading
in the event of an outbreak, but does specify what would constitute a...
Does a not specify what would constitute an outbreak of the potentially fatal virus.
Only scientific research centers in the U.S. and Russia are known to have the smallpox virus.
But federal officials are concerned that terrorist groups may obtain the virus
and release it to the U.S. Smallpox can cause severe illness, can kill up to 30% of those infected.
If anyone were determined to have the virus, health officials would discuss and determine a course of action.
And of course, all the smallpox virus that the U.S. and Russia had were supposed to have been destroyed, but were they?
No.
No.
See, these are the things that we keep overlooking.
It's like if you have a whole bunch of chemicals and dangerous stuff around the house,
then your little kid gets into it and dies.
You know what I'm talking about?
Right.
That happens all the time.
Sure.
And the same thing with the governments of these so-called superpowers of the time, the U.S. and the Soviet Union,
who had these enormous stockpiles of nuclear weapons and chemical weapons and biological weapons,
and well, let's put a padlock, a rusty padlock on the door and go away.
You know, it's out there in Siberia.
It's up there in...
It's out in Nevada and wherever.
Put a padlock on the door and walk away.
Nobody's going to get it.
Nobody's going to find it.
We hope it'll never leak.
Pragic.
Pragic, honey.
Brainwashed the public and believe in the hey, it's the good guys against the bad guys.
That's his whole mentality and that wild west cowboy mentality.
Us against them.
Good against evil.
The evil doers.
Talk about a mentality for Simpledance.
Talk about an Alfred E. Newman mentality.
Man, it's embarrassing.
It's humiliating and degrading.
And of course, what are we surrounded with?
Move them like that.
Just like when we opened a phone for about 10 seconds this morning.
And what are we here?
Move them, move them, move them.
Fast food gets healthy too.
I'm glad that I got around to this one.
We haven't got the Brittany yet.
I don't think we'll have to wait for tomorrow for Brittany.
That's a boring story if that's what you're telling me about.
What do you mean by that?
That she's straightening her eye up.
It's never a boring story when Brittany's involved.
Okay? There are people here.
I'll ask something here that name.
Hang on.
Puts up.
Brittany cleans up a rack.
No, I don't want to hear about it.
But it's got a picture of how she was and how how she is.
So you can still see the picture of how she was.
Fast food gets healthy too.
Boka.
You know who lives in Boka, don't you?
Bok do do do do.
You won't have any grease seeping through your paper bag
when you pull away from this drive through.
The fries aren't fried.
The chicken is farm raised and the burgers are made of lean buffalo meat.
For the more adventurous diners, there are tofu sandwiches,
veggie pockets with soy cheese, and one ounce cups of wheat grass juice.
Ah!
We were going so well till we got to the wheat grass juice.
Yeah.
The healthy bites grill open this summer
about the same time an e-ork man sued for fast food restaurants
for making him fat and unhealthy.
The restaurant owned by Health Express USA is hoping to capitalize on that bad publicity
and target the more health conscious among those who spend $100 billion annually
on burgers fried chicken and other fast food nation what?
$100 billion a year to kill us.
Although I do like Wendy's.
The restaurant is the four-year-old company's second four-year-old
quick service industry and its executives hope it services a model for franchises
around the world.
They've already fielded requests to open restaurants from Japan, Canada, and Kuwait.
Eating healthiest for everyone and people everywhere
really starting to recognize that said Susan Greenfield, a company founder and board member,
company executive said they wanted to create healthy fast food with a gourmet flair.
The restaurant has an upscale look with trendy lights and benches,
tools and tables that are the color of tomatoes, eggplants, and zucchini.
And wasn't that, wasn't that, we just asked in Tom Walling in the morning.
That's right.
What is zucchini here?
The average meal at healthy bites has a higher end price to sandwiches,
burgers and wraps with the drink and a side dish cost between $69 and customers
might have to wait a few minutes longer.
Nothing from the Portobello mushroom and veg and pepperoni pocket.
Is that vegan?
I guess, yeah, vegan.
Nothing from the Portobello mushroom and vegan pepperoni pocket to the
Tehrugan chicken salad wrap is pre-made and put under heat lamps to wait for customers orders.
In other words, it's all made fresh like at Pizza Law.
CEO Doug Baker said people don't mind a short delay for the specialty cuisine.
We're all like McDonald's on steroids, he said.
Oh, that's a bad choice of words.
He had no kidding.
Boy, 10-year-old Alexandria saw, and by the way, there's Joan Collins on guiding light.
Oh, we want the old Alexandria back, not that freaky worn out bitch Joan Collins.
Can you believe that?
Why would they do that?
That's not, nobody wants her.
I know.
10-year-old Alexandria Sutton, a self-proclaimed expert on chicken strips,
raved about her meal before heading off to swimming practice one recent afternoon.
She didn't even notice that the breaded pieces of chicken were baked instead of fried.
Their chicken fingers are a lot better than all the other restaurants ever meant to, she said.
Alexandria's mom and Sutton said she could have stopped in McDonald's,
booger king, or another more traditional fast food restaurant, but opted against it.
We were looking for something that might have a lighter meal.
Nutritionist Beth Ellen Delugio happened upon healthy bites a few weeks ago,
and as we turned at least a dozen times, she said like most people her clients are too busy to cook three meals,
seven days a week and now she can offer them a healthy alternative.
People are really starting to realize that nutrition is your best health insurance,
she said.
What you eat and what you drink is going to have direct effect on your health and your children's health.
The restaurant in Glitzy, Boca Raton is all, is pulling in almost four times as much business,
as health expresses first restaurant in Oakland Park.
Healthy bites makes about 20,000 a month in gross sales.
The company stock sells them the symbol H-E-S-S on NASDAQ's over the Cotter Bulletin Board.
Company executives believe their sales reflect America's growing sense of the impact of the supersized fast-filled meals coming through most routes through windows.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report that an estimated 61% of American adults are either overweight or obese,
and warn that the numbers are only increasing.
Other fast food restaurants have cashed in on the health food craze.
Subway proudly lists the nutritional contents for its subs on Actions and Posters,
and the Chain Created New Add campaign last year revolving around Jared Fogel,
who lost 245 pounds while eating subway sandwiches for a year.
You seen Jared?
Yes, he did.
I started to fork up a little bit again, by the way, Jared.
If you want to live a long life, you got to stay away from the meats and grease-bakers,
and that's exactly what we're doing here.
So it's in Boca.
I guess maybe we'll find out where it is in Boca.
We'll put it on the ear, because we have contacts in Boca.
And others too.
19-0-1 at 560-WQM, or you're sick of being paid advantage of real estate agents and brokers when you're looking to sell your home,
you're tired of that.
Well, if you are, check out SaveRealty.com.
Here's how this works.
You retain the right to set your home.
You can also show and set your home to buyers who call you directly.
And if you set your home this way, you pay only 1% in commission.
That's it.
SaveRealty.com cooperates with all MLS ReelDers.
You can also show your home to ReelDers.
And if they set your home, you only have to pay the ReelD of the commission
and they traditionally charge for bringing you a buyer.
The bottom line is you're going to save money.
Contact SaveRealty.com on the web at SaveRealty.com or call them directly at 954-788-2660.
If you want to stop dealing with real estate agents and brokers when you're selling your home
and save a lot of money at the same time, let's saveRealty.com.
Show you how to do it.
Log on to SaveRealty.com today.
SaveRealty.com the best and easiest way to set your home.
Here's that number again.
954-788-2660.
My and local.
This is 43560.
You weigh 2,000.
At the honey tunya.
McDonald's is cutting the fat in their fries.
But here at McDonald's we're upping the fat.
Let's up the fat.
Why eat healthy when you can enjoy those good old grease-soaked artery clogging French fries at McDonald's?
Let's up the fat.
McDonald's has doubled the fat, doubled the flavor, and doubled the size of our fries.
Now try McDonald's double-dead Swiss combo.
A burger in soft drink with 5 pounds of McDonald's double-dead fries for just 99 cents.
Because McDonald's knows what every ignorant, uneducated greasy hair acne-faced poor fat slob loves.
Let's up the fat.
Get a 40-metre deaf certificate.
Well, supplies last. Did somebody mention McDougal's?
1246-560-WDQ-A-Mick Death.
I keep thinking of that sign over McDonald's and Amsterdam.
Anyway, somebody faxes this to us.
Who's making the smallpox vaccine?
A company called BioPort.
Who's BioPort?
A company owned by the Carlisle Group.
Who's the Carlisle Group?
Well, you know what it says.
And we do know.
Don't we care?
Those of us who know?
I got a couple of sports stories.
Can we change the pace a little bit?
We're going to be segueing into the mad dog and Hank.
And of course, the Humper, who bailed us out.
Gold tender Trevor Kid made his first appearance in a Maple Leaf uniform on, let's see, what's today?
Tuesday, on Sunday night?
And was blown away by the crowd of 18,570 for an exhibition game at the Air Canada Center.
It's a far cry from Florida where the support for hockey, of course, is not as dedicated.
He said there was a full house out there.
The former Panthers said, holy cow, I haven't had that for regular season game.
And while never mind a preseason game, it was fun to get into that atmosphere.
The music was cranked up loud.
It was great.
He was also made by the turn out of about 1200 GTA minor hockey coaches for an open practice yesterday morning.
I don't think there are that many coaches in all of Florida.
Maybe George and Tennessee combined kids out of the crowd.
How do you like that?
Trevor Kid, bad mouth, well not bad mouth.
I'm just being honest about South Florida and the usual lackluster support for everything.
But of course, now that we got a morning guys, we're going to really talk up the Panthers in the NHL.
We should be in good shape.
And last call for Harwell.
This was in the yesterday's Toronto Sun.
Legendary Tigers broadcaster this final home game.
And there's a picture of Ernie waving to the crowd.
Ernie Harwell, certainly one of the top half dozen or so baseball broadcasters of all time.
A great guy.
We love Ernie.
Ernie Harwell said he only wanted to do his job.
But he's meant far more to that.
The several generations of Detroit Tiger fans.
I'm overwhelmed by all the attention the Tigers.
Hollow fame radio announcer said after he called it his last game in Detroit.
I always look at myself as just a worker and it's hard for me to comprehend all the attention.
He said the now's crowd of 23,930 paid homage to the worker.
Well, we'll retire after 42 seasons with the team and 55 seasons of calling Major League games.
He might even be more famous than that Ron King.
The guy that's retiring from, wasn't that the guy's name?
Yeah, life.
Life.
Never heard of you, Ron.
Fans gave the 84 year old Harwell a tremendous ovation which featured chance of Ernie.
Ernie during the 17th heading stretch of the Tigers 4-3 loss to the Yankees.
Since the All-Star break, there's been a video tribute to our well by different people during the 17th heading stretch of the game.
Yesterday it came from Harwell's wife in 61 years.
Lulu Harwell.
Remember Lulu?
Nope.
The same as that song.
She sang Lulu.
What was that song?
Whatever, the horrible song.
Actually, there was an onfield ceremony which the Tigers presented Harwell with Camerica's park home plate and a plaque announcing that the stadium's press box will be officially dubbed.
The year or how well Ernie Harwell media center at the beginning of the 2000s resseason most fans stayed for the ceremony.
An on and on echo is Ernie to this and that Ernie was great.
Is great.
Is retiring at the end of this season or got a few more road games to go and that'll be it.
And I feel sorry that I had to go with these Tigers.
Oh, so sad.
Pathetic.
You're in Harwell media center.
It's kind of like the foster hewitt press box and they believe gardens which then of course the foster hewitt media center at the year Canada center.
And by the way, you Canadian you can actually listen to the show enough already with a 72 with Henderson and I thought ready with his craft we living the past.
These people are crazy here.
It's one thing to be enthusiastic like Trevor kids said and show up and support your team.
It's another thing to be a little bit crazy.
The 72 Olympics, the whatever they call that series, the Russians and the Soviets.
I mean the Soviets and the Canadian whatever it was.
You know what I'm talking about.
What are you talking about?
That the big hockey series between the Soviets and the conucks.
Big dog and pony show.
And here they are all all week long on ESPN classic about all week.
This has been going on for weeks now every time you flip by that channel.
They're showing the same crap with foster hewitt screaming and shrieking like an old lady with her legs tied together.
Henderson and I'm already you crazy conucks.
Okay. I'm going to jump out the freaking window if I have to your Henderson one more freaking time.
I don't even like Paul Henderson. He's a star push and a born again Christian to boot.
Hey. Hey Paul stick it.
My life and love this is for radio by city.
Way to way.
Don't you go back to Canada you do bastards.
But so can it be.
Our home and the.
I was.
You.
We.
We.
We.
We.
We.
We.
We.
We.
We.
We.
We.
Yeah.
I know what's in the Olympics.
It was like a dog and pony show so Canada could puff up its hockey eagle again.
Listen you people are wonderful.
Okay. Don't you keep on with the curling and stuff.
Okay.
Boy.
It's an ego thing.
I think it's done.
Cherry's fault.
Yes.
Yes.
Cut the crap grapes.
Hey there.
Anyway, it's just it's annoying.
I mean stuff that happened 30 years ago.
Let's get over it.
Let's get on with life.
Okay.
Now this story that you just fact me see people are going to think this is very bizarre.
But I can relate to it.
You want to know why?
How many times have I told you about buying stuff in the store and in Amsterdam and not knowing for sure what I was buying?
That's what I was thinking when I read this.
A 91 year old is really died after his caregiver spread a paste like dish washing detergent on his bread instead of humus.
Who am I humus police say yesterday?
The caregiver would work for the old man for five years told police he couldn't read the Hebrew writing on the detergents container and served it up on a man asked for some humus a chickpea chickpea spread popular in the Middle East ever see a chickpea.
Police said the caregiver called an ambulance when his employer fell along Saturday but the man died in the hospital.
We're checking to see whether there was criminal intent or whether it was a negligent homicide.
A police spokesman said, well guess what Mr. Police spokesman said.
I think it's just can happen.
I can't read the language.
I think it was humus side.
I can't read that Dutch for crap.
And so you'll buy something and you'll think, hey this must be laundry detergents.
You know when you're sticking your washing machine you find out it was like a tapioca pudding or who knows what it is.
Why didn't the old man spit it out and say, fat?
Because he was 91 years old and he probably had a tough time swallowing it.
That's what Mo always says when he's getting raped.
In R.K. and Glaci, this is the most important story that I left this out to the very end.
It's a good thing we got to this.
You know, you may have to leave the Bill McBride story.
I don't know.
Do we have time for that?
We'll see.
And also the Britney thing like I said.
And then we aren't even close.
Not even close to the Robert Blake story.
God damn it.
Now how do we get sidetracked with this?
You know how we got sidetracked?
Calls.
With those awful wasting time on it.
We had a tremendous response on that pool but nevertheless.
On speaking of pools.
What should the punishment be for that the two good bits, the Indiana woman who beat the crap out of her kid in the car?
Burn the bitch at the stake on national TV.
144.
35%.
Probation only 85.
Probation and loss of custody for children 69.
A year in GL 41.
Three years in GL 40.
And no punishment.
Spare the rod and spoil the child.
33 assholes said that.
Pop star and reeky the greasiest concert tonight at the American Airlines Arena has been postponed till November the 2.
For motors blame to lay on transportation problems caused by the last minute edition of two truckloads of equipment.
Is that what Rick Raleigh used to say truckloads all the time?
Bruce Katz senior vice president of touring for clear channel entertainment.
Which is producing a greasy uses 32 city tour said that more lights out and stage equipment were added to the production after a Sunday night concert in Virginia Beach.
Promotors said between 9 and 10,000 tickets have been sold close to capacity.
Those tickets will be honored for Saturday, November 2nd show.
However, privately, people posted the show said late last week that slow ticket sales from the Tuesday night event made postponement possible.
Your following this?
Uh-huh.
Howard Katz said promoters decided Sunday there wasn't enough time to transport and set up the additional equipment for the expenditure.
Am I mean, which he said required the men had two more trucks to the six vehicles they were already using.
When a greasy saw the miles between Virginia Beach and Miami, we realized we wouldn't be able to get the full production.
I mean, Kat said he didn't want to go into his hometown without the full production.
There were mixed feelings. I never feel like if his show can go on it can should be postponed.
But this was very important to Enrique.
He wanted to do his best and biggest show for Miami.
And when we didn't sell all the tickets, wow.
Wouldn't have been kind of embarrassing in your own home town.
Yeah, that would be really bad.
And we love Enrique.
He used to be my good post personal friend before he started taking his clothes off all the time, becoming a big sex spot and very famous and wealthy.
Remember, he used to send me all those autographed CDs and every time it every time they had a new CD, I still got them there.
With his autograph on the back and you're the best and I love you and you like this.
But I like it Enrique. Let's see what it looks like.
Yeah, let's see what you got. Not much is what he told us. Remember?
That's what he said.
That's what he said. He's hung like a butterfly.
But hey, we'll check it out.
So that's pretty much going to do it for us today.
No more calls. We did a little experiment, boy.
And sometimes just like Dr. Jekyll said, you know, some experiments are okay and some are not so great.
Speaking of not so great, we don't have Joe Zagaki today.
Huh?
Oh!
Good news. We got the high rated Humber back today.
Thanks again to the Humber for bailing our ass out, airfade group.
Test summer book. The mad dog is next from Shula State.
Bye, bye, bye!
Hey!
Can you watch a show on 516-17-Q-A-N?
My name is Humber to Joy.
I bet the local, this is 516.
The radio's all yours now.
