Here's open part. Hello. Yes, Mr. Rogers speaking. Mr. Rogers Reverend Jones here and
I another another Fony Reverend. Yeah, I have a controversial show today on
a lot of from the past. What is it? You're having a controversial show on
colors from the past. No, we're not talking about colors from the past.
You're a bit. Bits that you're doing. Sir, what are you talking about?
You're playing old bits. No, no, I'm not. We had a call a while back and I
guess you did a tape and you made some type of a card on it. I guess that's
what they're telling me and we discussed not playing it on the air. What are
you talking about? The part that gave it, sir. That was one of my
Thursdays. Yes, sir. Yeah. You'd appreciate to not play that. I thought you were
going to read the letter. Did you receive the letter? Your game. Your game. Did you
receive the letters? Your game. Your game. Sir, your game. Did you receive the
letters? Your game. They'll be a lawsuit. Your game. Sir, your game. No, your
game, sir. Your game. What was you trying to say? I think you're trying to say
gay. Something like that. How's that overhead doing, Carlos? It sounds, yeah,
somewhere. What louder? No, no, we could use a little more level would be good.
First it started out kind of like that in the beginning and then it's like, but
it's after the weekend. What do you expect? Because this is a playground in
there. There you go. That's fine. Whatever you're doing. Whatever. We don't care.
Anyway, what was he saying? Gay. Something like that. And that turns out to be the
man who has really planted the seed. Believe it or not. Reverend Jones. Anybody
remember him? Planned of the seed is strangers that may sound a whole change
on this radio show. Your game. That's right. I'm at the track Saturday night. My
good close friend Dick Feinberg tells me that a real strange goofy guy with a
baseball cap turned around came in the night before. He says one of your former
listeners came in. I said former listener. Yeah, he said he's the Reverend Jones.
But he doesn't listen anymore since you stopped taking phone calls. Now we can't
afford to lose the Reverend Jones. And I said to myself, wow. And Dick Feinberg
had a great comment because I said, you know something. There was the in
Friday we actually took calls on the show. I think I'm going to go back to
taking phone calls. I'm not going to change the world on some stupid as radio show
in Miami on a station that you can't even hear inside of a building. That's
right. Like that. That's our signal. And anyway, so I said and Dick had a great
line. He said, you know something. It's your show. You can do whatever the hell
you want. Very good, Dick. Man, if you are as good as handicapping as you are
making very profound observations, we'd all be millionaires. But no, it's a
very good, very perspicacious observation by Dick Feinberg at Pompeville Park. And
I thought to myself, yeah, it's my show. I'll do whatever the hell I want. How do
you like that? Oh, wait till I get to the poor result by the way, and you're 250
phone votes from Ryan's scary don't count. But we'll get to those in time. And then
yesterday morning, what put me right over the edge right off the edge of my life. I
pick up both newspapers out there. But you know, it's got to be about six pounds
all the way. I eat nice equally balance. You go out there and you pick one up
in each arm and you're equally balanced. Six pounds of crap. Because there's
nothing to read in either one of these newspapers, the local fish wrappers, just
sections and sections and sections of ads and ads and ads and more God-day
ads and classified ads. Jesus Christ. So anyway, I go inside and I go to the
few sections that I want to read. And I get to the opinion sections. What
have you to call them? And I'm going to tell you I just about I just about dropped
a big loaf in my drawers. Okay. And that's it. There's no point. There's no
hope for this state. This is this is the end of the world. The end of the
universe. Like I've always told you, at least I was right about that. Both
newspapers endorse absolutely correct. The Bushmeister, the Harold and the
Sun Sentinel. These are the same two newspapers that expose released in part
this crap that went on in Pensacola with that secret hidden tape recorder. When
we're going to get a bigot again, the fanatical bigots with his homophobic
comments and then his comments about, well, he's got a special devious plan to
take care of it at the class size of my minute. In case it should pass. He'll show
it a public finger to I was going to deep six that they expose him as being a
liar, a bigot of piece of crap. But even though we don't agree with him
everything, we endorse Jeff Bush for real. And I said to myself, hey, screw it.
Forget about it. What are you going to do? That's right. Go back to having some fun.
Here we're not going to change the world on this stupid-ass show. Oh, politics
in this. Well, nobody gives a crap. Nobody reads newspapers. Then there was
another thing I saw in a week and you realized that the average age you won't
believe that's true. Because I double-checked it. I asked my dog. The average age
of somebody who reads the news, first of all, most of the newspapers are out of
business anyway. Right. The average age is 64 of people who read newspapers.
Nobody reads books. Nobody reads newspapers. The only people who watch CNN are
it's only wonder some hysterical thing like the sniper business going on. And by
the way, hey, moosey man, nice job. They only stopped this far to ten times. Ten
times. They stopped them in his caprice. But he wasn't a suspect because number
one, he wasn't white and number two, he wasn't in a white van. They were
white under my like Tommy shirt. Oh, it's not a hurricane shirt. How about those
coons, baby, behind them, her coons? Squeaking by another girls team. When are
they ever going to play another real team someday? Jesus Christ, what a joke.
Huh? I said never. Good. What a... See, that's the kind of stuff people in this
time are concerned about. That's what they're worried about. Football games. Hey,
how about that World Series? See, and that's one other thing. I'm whipped up to a
frenzy this morning. I really am. I'm just full of it. I don't need no guidance.
Stupid periodicals on audio or bedtime stories. I'm whipped up into a
psychotic frenzy over many things, most of which you folks don't give a crap
about. But I do. World Series was great. Well, the ratings were down. Who
gives a crap what their ratings were on the World Series? We give a crap about
the ratings on the show, which is why we're not going to let them go in the
crapper. By the way, September, we got screwed on the station. I just thought I
passed that along you. Who had the diaries? Julios and Rednecks. I'll always see a
great crossover there. Oh, sorry, Julio. Well, I said Julio and right away he looked
up like, you know, don't take it personal, guys. I'm surrounded by Julios. But
we're not talking about friendly Julios. We're talking about the enemy. And
coming back to the real world, I'm finally getting a grasp on reality. How
that pull come up before we get back to all of this crap, huh? In fact,
Lardass Limbo had a humongous, a big fat September there. Number one with an
eight two-year in men. Does anybody believe that? All of Rednecks and Julios,
all of Redwing maniacs had him in the September. They had all the diaries. Who is
the hottest of them all? We asked on Friday. We had the how many votes? A bunch. Almost
1600. I bet 1591. Some of which were even real votes. Mariah Scary 407, I guess
what she gets. She gets the buzzer which matches that one big, misshaped breast in
the middle of her chest. And by the way, honey, Luis says there ain't no
chance he's even gonna let you take a look at it. Much let's touch it. How do you
like that? Mariah Scary. So that was the crank vote. Do you sure this time in a
poll? So she gets the old... DQ. So the winner is expected. No surprise. Britney
Spears 333 votes. Halle Berry, who was the late edition, did very well. She moved
right up there on top. 243. Shakira did well. 232. Nice going, sweetheart. Then it's
way, way down to JLo because there's more debuted than just a big disgusting
ass. Okay? JLo 80. Jerry Ryan 60. I don't think most people know who that is.
I don't. She's right on the wall back there holding her crotch. Oh okay, Jerry
Ryan 60. Christine Aguilera 59, which really makes me wonder about the eyesight of
the public. Paulina Rubio 43, which again, I must not know who she is because she
beats Chris anybody. I mean, even Carlos looks better in Christine Aguilera. And I've
stepped on things that look better than Carlos, especially in Amsterdam. It's
all over the place, man. You've got to be careful there. Let's see. Paulina Rubio 43,
Tom Brady 38, who if he could play as good as he looks, they'd never lose a game.
Pink 28 and Greek A. Glacier's 27, Madonna 23 and Port Tom Welling 18. And a good news for me
is I didn't remember that yesterday the WB repeats a small veil on Sunday. That was a pretty
good show yesterday. You don't watch that show. Well, I haven't...
Of course not because that show is none of those spikestations. So you're not going to
be watching it. Tell you're talking about they had me working here. And then I asked George,
well, what did I miss? Oh, just another former of the show. And by the way, I don't want to rip
George Wallis on vacation this week, but man, just wait. Just wait. I'm going to rip him and ask
like, well, him and Miguel. Good. Him and Miguel. Couple of the most couple underachievers,
I would say. You know, I'm talking about underachievers, especially the lovely Miguel.
It's going to show just because he looks good. I'm not going to sit here and look his ass.
Maybe later, but not during the show. 10 past nine. That's where we got a whole new attitude
about this show today. This business is sitting here reading and Tom Jek is going to say,
see, I told you he's back in town. Being back in town has got nothing to do with it. You bald-headed
geek. You little simpleton. And we know you're going to be voting for the Bushmaster four or five times.
Mr. Progressive. Mr. Freedom. Mr. First Amendment champion.
It's a redneck place. Let's face it. Okay. It's a freaking redneck place. Go with a flow. I'm
voting for Bush. How do you like that? Not. I'm voting for George P. What does it name George P?
At least he used to look at once upon a time. 11 after 9 at 5 60 WQM. Let's face it. Then
I just get through same less face it. Well, let's face it again. Face the wall. Hey, we brought
something into whip a moa in a shape today. Tulio, you think this will get the job done?
Gonna whip that crazy old bastard in the shape. He thinks he's been raped at it before. Just wait.
Put that damn shame. Huh? Bloody old fart. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Moe. I'm see, I told you I was worked up.
Didn't get the chance to bond with him today. They'd get a chance to do that. Anyway, you've been here
to talk about fast train for a long time. I wonder if it makes any sense for you. The facts are simple.
Not as simple as Moe, but close. If you have the dedication fast train will provide you with all
that necessary training to become a certified computer professional according to Time magazine.
And you know what they know? The demand for computer professionals will continue to explode.
Their average student completes a training in just four short months attending school just
three nights a week once it completed your certification. Fast train will help in getting a great
new computer job and making some serious cash. That's what it's all about. Stop working for peanuts.
Okay? Even our trained monkeys don't want to work for peanuts. Fast train invites you to come in
and visit their train career consular determined which track is ideal for you.
Sayoto Don's, Levin and Jackson, harness raceway whichever one. Call fast train toll free at 1 866 fast
train to set up an appointment with four convenient locations. You'll find them in Miami in
Pembroke Pines for a lot of day on the brand new one in Kindle. There's a fast train found to be
nearby you. Don't forget ask the career counselor for list of students like yourself who are
currently at their dream jobs to call fast train today and get on the track to a great new job
before spring 1 866 fast train. That's 1 866 fast train or check them out of the web at fast train.com.
Yes I am.
200 years ago when they were slaves.
Eight bucks.
When I only have a mobile home a pit full and a pinch of skull.
So if you want to ask me how here's what I got to say.
You've got to kiss a nigger good morning. Another train monkey.
Hello Jordan.
Yeah and here today, my own. Just relax.
No.
You've got to kiss a nigger good morning.
When you put on how we fare a forging frame of two.
Yes a nigger good morning.
And that's your restitution for a slave of you.
Yes a nigger good morning.
You feel him that you're sorry for a slave of my mom.
I'm getting out.
Yes a nigger good morning.
And that's forever fun and who is dead and gone.
917 at 560.
I'll tell you these levels are just done and overheads don't get panicky now because I really don't care.
Okay, but I might as well be able to hear what the hell is going on.
I don't care.
So don't get the feeling at any point that I'm like getting all whipped up to a frenzy.
Like some of the temperamental assholes that work in this radio station.
They get all worked up.
Who gives a crap?
You know as long as we're on here as long as the spots are getting on here.
That's all we're here for as long as the parents keep coming in here with paychecks which
you'll get paid eventually maybe or not as the case may be because we don't really care
about that either as long as you just keep showing up.
So getting back to Miguel and I will get him in a minute.
Now we just got a lot of people here the answer.
See I should be more like Moe.
I should be a prick.
I should be a nasty miserable old prick.
I got the old part down.
But I should be of course the prick part well that's another story.
But I just that's what I should be but I'm just too easy going.
That's why you know Neil so easy to work for.
That's the problem.
And old softie so to speak.
Put up with any kind of crap.
Well we don't really want to do a best of CD this year because
Miguel had to do all the work.
So what else is he going to do?
Huh besides run up and down the hall running away from fat to reen back there.
What else is he going to do?
Go out with those stupid goddamn with a van all every day to get down here for two hours
with those stupid plugs that we do because the sales department sells fandom promos.
Oh yeah we'll give you 20,000 mentions for a hundred dollars yet right.
Of course they don't get any spots they just get go out and see Miguel at the
my chart lemonade stand whatever the hell he's got a lemonade like Larry Glick.
That's what we do on his station just make crap up.
But when it comes for this show no no don't want to run the board anymore because he wasn't
getting paid for it.
Of course he wasn't building anyway does it really make a difference?
See what I'm saying?
He's getting paid period unlike you which you weren't getting paid anything.
And I'm still coming.
Still not getting paid anything and he's still showing up.
God damn it am I worked up.
I'm whipped up to a frenzy.
See those two endorsements of Bush and those two papers yesterday.
They bring and I'm glad I'm glad because it brings me back to reality.
Like I'm going to change something sitting here pontificating reading all of these columns
by this one and that one.
What difference does it make?
It's entertainment.
Why I told you that 20 years ago.
Forget about all that bull crap with those boring gets in all this garbage.
That was Miguel by the way saying that I'll do this.
These all do this.
Yeah you're a lazy stick okay Miguel you're not for money but see he thinks because he
looks good and I'm at an old bag.
He thinks that's going to like don't make any points with me.
I'm not going to get any of that anyway.
So what difference does it make?
Huh?
I'm not even going to get a look at it.
So what difference does it make?
Right.
Plus I don't believe in crap and where he eat.
Bob Ramuth told me you know crap or eat.
That's what he told me that night he was drunk on his ass and amused to him
at that Indonesian restaurant at that buffet that was the worst meal ever had in my life.
And man he can really put that booze away and the more he drinks the looser that tongue gets.
And he starts in about screw in and on and on and on and you don't crap or you eat it all
so to say it was incredible.
I just mentioned that again in case you might be less than Ramuth you silly person.
And by the way since they left the stuff in Amsterdam see Julio wants to volunteer to go
over there and get the phones working in Amsterdam.
Hey he'll make the trip.
Now the phones are not working over there.
Oh yeah we'll leave the equipment there because we don't need changes this mind all the time.
I didn't change my mind.
I was perfectly happy to let them send all the stuff back because I don't like the hours number
one three to seven in the afternoon and number two I really not that crazy about sitting in a room
with mildew and mold you know gagging for four hours every day.
But I'll put up with it.
I'll tolerate it.
I'll humor them since they changed their mind but it would be nice if the phones would work since
we're going to go back to taking phone calls if we ever get any.
Not yet folks.
Not yet.
We'll let you know.
And that's another thing.
Oh I'm a Toronto well I'm a girl that want to answer the phones.
You don't want to get the Raspberry guy.
He don't want to talk to us.
He don't want to answer the phones.
What's he getting paid for?
And the same little George there that little little spick who's a superstar now.
Well we ain't going to answer the phones.
Now he just takes that headset off and sits it down there while he's on his cell phone
making dates on the side.
Eating the free food, calling up what's his name when it was a fatty sandwiches.
Getting the free food in here.
Who are you kidding George?
And he's listening this morning.
He's monitoring which should just amazes the hell out of me.
Well how could you be on vacation and be listening to this place you know.
You have to be a masochist.
You have to be a lunatic.
He even be thinking about this place while you're on vacation.
Anyway here's a couple of faxes.
You're thinking the girl's getting the message.
No.
Too late for that CD now.
You screwed it.
You screwed me right.
Stand me right in the back Miguel.
All the people that I go to back for in this place that's why I'm not going to back for anybody again.
Gildi went to back for him to save his squeaky god damn job.
What does he do?
Does he mention me on Friday?
No.
No because Mo's got him under his thumb.
He's so scared of moment.
He cowards in there.
Do you see him actually went and meant to get out of there.
He took like four of most two pays and took him to get dry cleaned.
Right there at nine o'clock when little hand hit the big hand.
Mo's flying out the door with Gildi right on his ass.
So to speak.
And the same with Miguel.
Went to bat for him and tried to get him that pay increase when he gave him a title or whatever.
Didn't do any good but at least I went to bat for him.
You thought we don't want to do the best.
Are you pleased?
So you're not going to do that.
I mean I could understand.
Let me just say this two things.
If the show was syndicated which it's not because I got the worth agent in America who's
you know too busy being a professional faggot but if the show was syndicated then what I was
doing before because I like the show see I enjoyed doing that.
I thought I was doing something productive but I forgot where I was.
Yeah.
I forgot what market I was working in and what station I'm on and what time.
Then forget about it.
These people don't give a crap about that stuff.
And number two if I had like you know six months to go I would take religion.
If I had that could happen.
I really would.
I take up any religion you like.
But if I had like six months so fine we don't do another best.
I've seen a big deal but I've been doing that for like a hundred years.
Right.
And like in midstream we break the whole continuity what we do we can raise a lot of money for charity.
For that dog place again which believe me I'll tell you right now folks dogs most of my
level out better than you people.
A lot of you people out there believe me including Reverend Jones and somebody else I know.
I'm getting pal I won't mention his name.
The worst the worst pit bull on the face of the earth in my view is like 75 steps above.
I'm getting pal of him.
And everywhere I go whether it's the track of the supermarket people stop me.
Neil is what you're saying about Moe is he really an asshole like that and I always say he's an asshole.
I always say that yeah it is it's true.
The most vicious the nastiest wild dog the ever stepped foot on the face of the globe is 400 steps
above I'm getting pal of him it whatever it is.
Now here's the facts from Laura and to bet if he wouldn't have had to run to the
adrack leader with his two pay and guilty maybe he could answer the question for his but I doubt it
because it's not about the gents.
It says I just came back last night from week in Las Vegas what a town it's the best city in the
United States.
I think it says Laura but bad handwriting Laura anyway we're under playing coming back to Miami
and who sits in back of me but Jay Fiedler from the Miami Dolphins with his arm all bandage up
and people are so stupid they were still asking for his autograph.
My question is why is Jay Fiedler flying coach with the rest of his deadbeats?
Doesn't he make enough money to fly first class that was room I would really like an answer to this.
Laura I love you but like I'm going to give you an answer to that how do we know?
Maybe he doesn't like sitting back up there in the front with all his goyem.
I don't know maybe it was the last seat of the play.
She said there was room in first class.
Are you paying attention Carlos?
I said when you better be paying attention to every word on his show okay?
She said there was room which maybe there was and maybe there was maybe she's just making a
whole story up I don't know.
I have no idea Laura I have no clue believe me.
Here's another great facts.
Bad timing on this one.
My first facts here goes he says.
Deer Neal and the reason I know it's he even though there's no name on it we don't have any
women.
I looked at the results of that pool that we took over the weekend.
We had 1500 votes now a lot of them granted chronic almost 1600 so say 300 were fake that's
1300 votes we had like a smattering of votes for Tom Welling Tom Brady and Enrique which
means between the fags and the women out there we don't have any about 80 our think out of 1500.
80.
Yeah we had we had nothing absolutely nothing women in the faggot's.
Maybe if we played more lies in an early records I might help.
Deer Neal number one said on the passing of the thanks for calling ladies she sounded like
my granny and Reeliny was a universal granny to all I will miss her voice did you ever get to
meet her any of her notes no number two you read an article keep reading the periodicals no
about the link between as see today I get to think keep reading the periodicals no and I read
it anymore bedtime stories okay and it's got nothing to do with Tom jica.
Tom you're still a little pots all right oh yeah but now that he's back in town and
it makes me weak to think about how stupid some of these people are especially a little Tommy
like it makes a difference where I'm physically sitting as to what to show it it's what I'm doing
on the show that counts Tom not where I'm sitting doing it as far as losing contact with this place
believe me death has got to be more exciting than living in South Florida death has got to be more
innovating more energizing than living in this town you can't complain about the excitement level
here because there isn't any except of course reading the great newspapers it says but the link
between the herbs and McVeigh and the Oklahoma bombing where was the article from I don't know sir
and third it was Friday but I like I remember and third please add to your website one of my favorite
obscure songs that you seem to be the only one who knows of it I believe it's called Yamama
is what he said are we gonna add that to the website so I thank you for your first
back it's a nice effort but you know over three you struck out how about those angels baby
what a great series hey wait I stayed up and watched the whole damn thing so that I stayed up
watch the whole see I'm not coming late to this I'm not saying I'm angels fan but you know the
year that they had the gigantic big run was at 96 I'm not a big basal fan oh well like I said
I wonder am I asking you and anyway if they had a phenomenon and they were scored like 10 15 runs
of game it was it was a very exciting year when the JT snow was playing for the angels and they
had the salmon was just getting going and get rid Anderson was just coming up and Jim Edmunds
and that crew and they were very exciting so I kind of like the angels then and then the fact
that they made it this year was it was great so don't give me this crap about wow it's boring yeah
baseball generally is boring and nobody here cares about it except for the few putzes we got
on the station sucking up to it again because I got nothing else to talk about beside Jimmy and Danny
and Danny and Jimmy and Jay and the Chris and Aronde good golly miss Molly yeah I know the Patriots
stonk yesterday they got no defense port Tommy Brady how about that face mask penalty didn't
get called in the fourth quarter under last dry that could have made a difference I don't think
you would have but that was grotesque was flagrant he grabbed a hold of Tom Brady's head and spun
it just around spun it around like god damn Linda Blair and who wouldn't like to do that
I'm to get it on the gut about it that's what I say as that for a funny show idea if I made borrow
a phrase from the great Marty Allen hello there everybody in paradise land I'm Howard David
it I hope you'll join me each and every Friday for my forget about it show that's what I
open the phone lines to all three of my regular low-income coales and let them vent on what the
bother and death I was up all night dreaming this one up at first I thought I'd go and would
handpuff it's like a sandy becker or maybe a pole to a vote for quisper quake but management
and I agree this will be a real show stopper now I run a family type show here so I don't want
no references to stick striker booze or faggages guzzlers other than that I promise you a hilarious
company a high jinx and open conversation forget about it Friday that goes for listening to
560 wq am what do you say we just play this the one o'clock I like it good I did sure
so beats a crap out of reading those stupid periodicals Tom and this asshole I keep spaxing
me this inside radio stuff I seriously would like to get a hold of this guy and just just
dismember him with a crowbar quit wasting our facts paper I'm not reading it nobody cares about
opi did this in Anthony to nobody cares okay but speaking of radio little time he took his
added again Q&A yesterday's uh Sun Sentinel in the same newspaper where they endorse Jeb Bush for
governor just like a freaking herald you know you people have they already think you're kidding
anybody pandering those sticks out there again in this town who are you kiddinets all you to
pander and pander they got a whole staff of carer practice over there just to try to so they can
walk at the end of it there's so been over like a god damn pretzel with other bending over
back with the pander those right wing lunatics but anyway here's one of the questions in little
time he's calling yesterday it says I'm a fan of Brooke Daniels I used to listen to her show on
w.w.w.w.d all the time oh you're the one huh I was just wondering whatever happened or is the
question from AE by email Tom's answer Daniels is one of many victims of clear channel dominating
the market and using primarily out of town tell and syndicated by one of clear channels some
city areas she finally came to where sense has got into a different line now why why doesn't Tom
just say she suck okay he didn't belong on here even to say hello she blew okay can't say that
she got into a different line she recently began a career in real estate with a south Florida firm
for battling Brooke why doesn't Tom admit that her numbers you couldn't find with a god damn magnifying
glass and the only reason she got reherited is because she ran into god damn PDD assassin bolger
right across the street here a jiffy Loub at jiffy Loub oh you want to come back Brooke sure
sure no problem come back I was wondering how the hell she got on the air in the first place
PD Bolster the assassin the same guy who brought you all those other great talents like Greg
him and then of course don't forget the really great the chic the best well I mean I wasn't really
all that gains on out yeah there you go another great great find by PDD assassin Bolger so time at
least you're consistent okay you're not going to be at least you're consistent and I'm sure the
battling Brooke is thinking she's probably got a whole new career opening up now that you put
your name back in headlights again here's our poll question today before we start taking these
tremendous number of calls that are just pouring in here now see they know what they want is for
me to beg for calls because it's Monday see I haven't forgotten even though it's been many months
I haven't forgotten Monday we got a beg for calls even more than the other days of the week
well we're busy we're getting after the weekend getting our life straight out again we're trying to
cover all the bets we lost on a weekend on a football games I'm going to tell you this right now
what makes me really sad is people had bet on professional sports which is most of the sports
audience in this radio station what's your take on it you know as soon as you hear that immediately
lunging for the dial just like well what's his name is on vino mad dog had a good line the other day
he said he think vino thinks that Woody Hayes is still coaching Ohio State I think you're right mad
dog not that he's out of touch or anything like that he wouldn't know Woody Hayes from Woody
Graber vino he's so far out of it but hey it kills a good hour and be a Friday for the Humper
or what Thursday I'm sorry here's our poll today and the reason I'm taking a poll is because I got
a good bedtime story about this cover a time magazine oh and not a bedtime well it's the only
one I got well I got two and they're both on the same subject it's about pot because all we're
going to be talking about any show from now on is drugs and sex and rock and roll that's it all
right that's it that's all we're going to talk about sex and drugs and rock and roll and Brook to
what is the disgusting bitch like her belong on a year for like two minutes man the babbling
Brookmeister come on time why don't you admit it why can't you just come out and rip somebody
yucky couldn't do it to this show well periodicals on audio why can you come out and say the show
Neel's doing right now is sucks I'd had more respect for if you would have said that you didn't like
it don't cause again you're gonna say well he's destroyed the show you know you can't please
this guy you want to know why because he's a little piece of crap he's everything that's wrong
with New York is Tom jicke and not only that but I'm top of it here's our question of the day
I told that was worked up into a frenzy who needs a periodicals all right well I've been in
La La line probably because I've been out of this time for most of the last several months which
makes me in a really good mood makes me realize there are other people who are progressive in the
world they're not here they're not here oh you're right about that time maybe you do lose touch
maybe you forget how repressive and regressive and back acid this place is man talk about and I'm
just talking about Florida I'm talking about the USA that's what I'm talking about and you go
back on an electoral college map and you look around the edges and you see all of that blue the
Democratic States California Oregon Washington you look on the East Coast and then of course up
around the North Minnesota Michigan Wisconsin New York Pennsylvania East Coast Jersey all in the
England and then the rest of it everything else is all red as in redneck that's why they color
the Republican States red because it stands for redneck and believe you me when you're in Florida
you're surrounded the only liberals we got here are a bunch of old Jews we don't want to do a show
for old Jews for Christ's sake oh man that's the last thing I need to talk about going full cycle
be like going back to KAT 26 years ago hello neo you know back to that crap again I don't want to do
a show for a bunch of old Jews over the age of a hundred waiting for the early bird dinner squeezing
their goddamn deal pickles the hell with it here's our poll question today what's your take on the
week carolus it's just but don't you know don't worry about it it's just it's awful in fact they
take up they there's an office pool pool every day to see whether we're gonna get on the urinary at
nine o'clock I have an easier time when I'm in Amsterdam and Toronto getting on the urinary
clock that I do here they're dealing with stuff like the one day Zach in there well I don't know
how to get it out we're sitting here for two minutes so with that air because we can't do the big
crossover hey we can bring a carloson the other carloson here he's a big crossdresser what's your
take on marijuana laws legalize and tax it decriminalize it oh there's Zach right there have another
sandwich Zach and put you right over the edge though and don't listen not a good idea for him to
keep sticking his head in the door mow finds out that he's concerning with us on this show and
lights what we're doing here he's gonna be he'll be out to be the next fat guy to wobble out of that show
and I heard that old john call mow on a way to work this morning the old sparser john talking
about the beast told him this and a beast oh where did you hear that what's your source for that
it's absolutely unthrew it's a freaking lie right right mow who the hell are you kidding huh
what's your take on a marijuana laws legalize and tax it decriminalize it traffic ticket only for
possession which is what being proposed like they're doing in Britain right now they're
written traffic tickets only legalize medical marijuana or keep the laws the same in other words
thrall mall in jail thrall man a huskow and let me say again nice going chief mosey most they're all
patting each other on a back over what a great job on catching the damn snipers up there and like
I said 10 times they stopped this sparser okay this scumbag this Williams-Mahamad Schwartz whatever
his name is 10 times but because they were wasn't in a wide van and if they wouldn't have been
stupid enough to call that damn priest to be making it to basically turn themselves in they'd still
be looking for me it's still being blown people away and then we got all these self-congratulatory
congratulatory people are on the media on CNN oh my god well maybe we did a little bit too much but
with people were hungry for information the only difference problem being you didn't have any
information you just had wild speculation not information wild freaking speculation but a beep
but a boop but a boop and I think it's a two white teenagers and well I wasn't two white teenagers
and it wasn't a white van and it wasn't the it fact nothing about it was white how do you like that
and then they got to tell us well you know the Caprice that they were driving used to be a police
car once well isn't that great boy don't you find that very uh assimilating that's almost you know
what it reminds me of we got a new Jimmy and Danny and Chris and Aron they we got crackers and honey
honey and crackers do you know how many times I've heard that over the last three days in the media
honey and crackers crack a very strange diet he was feeding that young man crackers and honey
you can teach it to your parakeet okay crackers and honey Jimmy and Danny and the
Chris and Aron they get serious the media is just it's hopeless and the idea that they're
gonna critique themselves anytime soon all I can say is forgot about it right
19 till 10 at 5 60 WQIM you want a chance to win a free beer from the Vermont Teddy Bear Company
just sign up to be a pre-fruord member because that's free too find out more by calling
1-800-829-BIRD or visiting their website at Vermont Teddy Bear.com if you're looking for a fun
different gift for somebody's birthday new baby or wish somebody well sending a program gift
is a swell idea just call 1-800-829-BIRD and a bear council will help you choose from over 100
hand-crafted beers personalized just for you loved one and delivered in the colorful gift box
with a card in candy it's a creative alternative to flowers which die in no time at all and this
will be enjoyed forever because Vermont Teddy bears are guaranteed for life you can choose from
bears like the new baby bear with the baby's name and birthday embroidered on the fifth or wish
somebody well with the good wishes fairy bear they've got bears for hobbies and occupations too
like the gardening bear and the cooking bear or the business man and woman's bears overnight
and Saturday delivery is guaranteed so called oh it says please save or bait him at the end of
every spot so I better so call today that's what it says on here you don't think they're going to
retive this do you because our sales people are lazy they're not going to retive this piece of
crap that came in from some agency somewhere they just hand you here's a sheet of paper okay
make magic with it I hope they're losing their ass out there in Vegas so call today 1-800-829
bearers shop online at Vermont Teddy bear.com show you care send a bear the creative alternative
to flowers call 1-800-829-BIRB EAR be sure and tell them that old Neil told you to call
my and look all this is 4256
to the more on hour at nine o'clock you'll hear more
thanks for the card mark
and
you
and
would
and get the munchies and make brownies filled with hair and would he share it with Jesus and the
saint. So
yeah
yeah
alright
I'm getting high on the back of the bus
Just in the most of getting storm
On a greyhound bus too long
To get some badic in old Rome
A couple of time backs to take home
No fun in heaven this year
I'm 47 at 560 W3 on 43 votes on there. What's your take on a marijuana laws legalize in tax of 36?
Traffic taken only for possession 3 decriminalize it to only legalize medical marijuana one keep the laws the same one
One real goody two shoes a repressive asshole out there says keep the laws the same. Let's fill up the jails
But all those damn weeds the puffers out there, huh puff this pal
I hear some facts from Larry and Miami who says why does Mo leave out mad dog show when he reads the lineup you and Georgia
I understand but isn't he Jim's partner just curious because he's a prick. That's why Larry, okay?
Here to two guys are working together on a football games
But I guess because mad dog is also part of the midday show here like 10 to 3 the old time slot
Therefore, we don't want to they'll want to plug him to my as if anybody's gonna listen to a show because somebody mentions it on the year
You just do it as like a professional courtesy. That's why you do it. It's just that it's done
You do it because it's done just like we give the time because it's done
Nobody gives a crap about the time if you're too stupid to have a guy then watch them
Well, why should you be listening to the show? How can you forward a radio? We just do these things because it's the way things are done
Except on this radio station where we got too many pussy's running to play soon
I have the balls to go in there to that silly old man with a bad hair piece and say listen
You promote the little guy damn station. You don't pick and choose who you're gonna promote on the show
That's just the way it's done here, okay? You silly old goose
What was that thing about the new surround the ducks to goose something like that?
Oh, and then here's a facts with his Andrew Sullivan first of all
I wouldn't wait I see the paragraph and they were mixed reference to our website
This is what Eric was a squeal at about last week that you weren't here
With Boca Brian and about well some right winger it was Andrew Sullivan that self-hating
Faggot who writes the thing about the bigotry and this and that and about racism and
Unfortunately the demonization of county rice is restricted to Harry Belafonte a liberal radio show in Florida
It's promoting a CD of humorous songs by one of its featured performers
The album which boasts a cover depicting bush kissing rice on the cheek features a song called kiss and egg or good morning
The star of the show by the way is white, but he's anti bush plugs books by Paul Magallan Molly
I've been so we can't be erases. Well, guess what Andy? I am erases. How do you like that and proud of it?
How do you like them apples?
I keep saying that over no oh no, no, you do not be erased. Yeah, I am I am and this idea of dark folks walking around with guns
Man, this is unacceptable. It's bad enough. We got red next running around with guns. They're dangerous
But not even the same category as these dark folks with guns first you learn to read and write then maybe then maybe maybe
Well, let's have a gun or two and here's some greaser that writes me this facts
Oh, he's the one that gave me the article over see I don't pay any attention to Andrew Seller and cuz like I said
He's a self-hating right-wing faggot. He's kind of like Alice Rantell only worse
So he sends me the article and then he goes on about he loves the bed lie bedtime stories
Well, I'm glad Fred because the bedtime stories are history. No moss. We're coming back to a real show on here
It's entertainment. We're not gonna change people
We're not gonna make people it was that in voting and in politics and in newspaper stories
Nobody gives a crap about those things
Nobody cares about that. This is an entertainment show. I lost contact with my senses
Also, we said what else to be saying here? Oh, yeah, and then it gives me instructions on how Dominic K&A
See his pronounced an Italian CH equals K because his last name ends in O and E
See this is some grease ball. So he's giving me Italian like I need Italian lessons
I asked George how you pronounce the name and he gave me to write give me to bum information as usual
Some little spick. What does he know?
Dominic can a say okay, you got it Fred and thanks for the facts for no more bedtime stories and no more Andy Sullivan at all
Got it
Should we take some calls?
No, not yet. Well, we don't have any yet. First of all
Oh, yeah, we want the calls back. We want and it'd be the same as it always was
I'll be sitting here begging for calls every day, but I don't care. See that's the difference. I don't care
That's what they want whoever heard of a radio talk show with no calls WQ I am
Do you hear anybody on there?
I'm nobody on there. I think that sounded like the phone system didn't it?
WQ I am
Yes, sir, I'm so glad to hear your voice. That's Woody
Yeah, I wish I could say the same. I wish I could say the same Woody
See just because I said I'm taking calls again. I mean I'm talking to chronics. Does it? No?
First one round of the box
I'm so glad to hear your voice in my response. Perfect. I wish I could say the same
That's my response and I'll throw in a one of those for you too. What are you okay? Talk about the lifeless masses?
You can put them on hold don't don't talk to them. Just put them on hold
They don't don't even see if just put them on hold follow pay attention when I'm saying you'll be the next Miguel
Believe me you want to be no Miguel
Amma Galia really but like like I would Bravo had Godfather to on again over the weekend sometime
And I I never even watched Bravo, but I was channel surfing and there was I can't turn it off. I can't turn it off
I've seen one two and three and even forward Sam have made yet
I've seen them all 4,000 times and if I come across one of those on a year, I can't turn it off and
they're in Cuba
And he finally realizes the little light goes off and Michael's head and he realizes that Frado was the one who betrayed him
We set him up. I saw that exact same part. I turned it on with Johnny Ola. Yeah. Oh, yeah
Johnny used to take me here all the time. You won't believe it and all of a sudden Michael has that look on his face
And then is there kind of like Waltson off there? He goes up and grabs him and gives him the kiss the kiss of death on the lips
Kiss a Frado good morning
You broke my heart Frado just like I was taking Miguel broke my heart
Don't want to take it put any calls on of online. They're my doing
Don't want to do the CD. He just wants to get paid
Which is good because he's taking a page out of my book. Let's work more pay in
Carlos's case. It's more work. No pay, but you got to let compensate for the rest of us
89 votes on a pool 69. I love it 69 say legalize it and tax it and let's light one up right the drugs. I care about the sex
I care about both. Well, see he ain't getting any you know, he's maybe getting some of the drugs. He sure ain't getting any sex not at home
Anyway, cover a time magazine the new politics of pot
7 and 10 American 72% what's our percent?
Uh, well, it's hard to tell because we asked the question differently
7 and 10 favor fines rather than jail time from marijuana possession 8 intense support legalizing medical marijuana 80%
80% and the DEA is still sending assholes out there in the California where they have laws on the books laws that they passed the voters passed
County and statewide laws
legalizing medical marijuana and they send the DEA and they're to bust them and put them in jail and destroy their lives
Your tax dollars and we're worried about why we can't find terrorists
And this is what the right wingers embrace it the point is there's no point
There's no point in talking about the substance because they don't care about the substance
Like I said a few days ago if they cared about the substance nobody would vote for Jeff Bush for governor again
Impossible much less have our two major newspapers down here endorse him for re-election
Bigoted in the end of the all right wing born again phony line hypocritical goody tushus tub of crap
Not to mention the fixed 2000 presidential election forget about those things, okay
It's it's shocking to me
But then you know as many years as I've lived in the state I should realize it's it's a hopeless place
So a good about it right that's all you can do
Anyway, we'll get to the article by time. It's a little bit time story
Then I see in a front page of the hero navigated on ballot issue to legalize you some marijuana
Which I talked about that many many times and those days when I was doing my great bedtime stories
WQ I am
Hey Neil yes, sir
Hey, why do you say you want calls you're afraid to take a call from anybody to disagree with you? Yes, such as what
On any issue. Well, let's hear what you want to disagree about anybody to disagree let's hear what you want to disagree about
All right, you got we'll see how long it takes to hang up on me, okay
You see how long that was were you timing it?
About a quarter of a second you know who that was that was that Dennis asshole again that was see two for two
I know both voices Jesus
No, it wasn't Jesus it was Dennis
No, he may have sounded a little bit like your buddy there one million times for Neil wrong not him
See it again, sir
I did that George's home listing monitoring he realizes the first old man mistake what I meant to say
He sounded like Jesus Christ, but it wasn't it was it was that Dennis again who wants to start in about the fags and the Catholics
Get yourself some help while it's before it's too late, okay
Come out of the closet before it's too goddamn late before your wife discovers you in the mad throws with your boyfriend in a goddamn closet
Manage
What's going on tonight and crying minds want to know that's why inquiring minds read the Miami hero is Maurice for a really having sex with an alien from outer space
It's in the house is while the hawk is the true mother of the elephant man
It's in the house John Kennedy sleeping with Max Henry it's in the hero is Jim Baker about to get birth is Jerry fallwell's baby
It's in the house
Scary hearts amazing rice diet from Florida across word puzzle that has no answers our own Pulitzer prizes just for us
I'm not letting to Neil Roger and we're so sorry uncle Albert, but we haven't heard of bloody thing all day
Mindless family rhetoric
And the latest
See this Dennis he tried to different tactic today instead of starting like the last time he did by saying well
Can we talk about anything and then we're off about the gay scout troop leaders and gay this and gay that and a catholic jerk
This time he starts about well you won't listen anybody disagrees with it
Dennis we got Dennis and Woody so far see what I'm saying. This is great
This is where it's at just keep him coming maybe five six seven oh five sixty
Pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line and of course the fact that most of these people have been shut off
We take in their waterway last day months most of it now they just foaming it them out for the opportunity
Because you want to know why it's time to get it off there you go mo you got your thumb on it
I think George has got to point. I think he snaps those at two pays on snap-ons
Now this is one of the great factors. I've ever received from one of our regular factors
It says was this in the hero this morning
The giants didn't lose the world series the Cubans did the Cubans did it
Now you want to know why see now you remember the Dan LeBasterd column that I've talked about many times when in marlins
One of the series 97 one of the most embarrassing columns ever written in a history of mankind and only somebody like
I was the only one I had to balls to stand up and say hey this is disgusting. This is grotesque
Talk about ethnic hatred
Talk about fanning the flames of
Professional spict them
All the marlins didn't win the world series the Cubans wanted because leave on was the winning pitcher as if nobody else was playing on that team
Now who is the kid the in fielder that they traded away to got the winning hit the little punky kid
The second basement you know what I'm talking about yeah, well whatever it didn't name's not important. He wasn't Cuban by the way
Like that's just my point, but leave on yesterday
He couldn't have thrown a strike of you of a stuck the big fat Cuban cigar in his
Yes
They got Craig council. Thank you one of our sports nerds came through with that little olympic Craig council
The marlins didn't win the series the Cubans wanted Dan LeBasterd who they because of the fact he's such a jackass
They put him on here in this radio so they put that professional stick on here every Wednesday morning to go in there
Wow, yeah, he won't be talking about leave on this ones. They're guaranteed you that
When Garrett Anderson hit that bases loaded double and cleared the bases man
I was squeezed myself. I was so excited
And then did you notice in the first inning because there was one marginal pitch there which was a ball was high on outside
And he didn't get the call and leave on and goes in the dugout and he's bitching at the plate on fire and bitching at cussing at the camera too
Yeah, excuse me at the camera. Well, guess what? Baffa and Gula baby. Oh, could that's for you leave on
Good riddance to bad Roberts. We're glad we got you out of here and anybody else that ever played here
We're gonna get rid of them too
Including the ones on the team now
But hey, they're gonna be given free weenies away
That's gonna bring those public people back if ever a town with belong where they ought to be given free weeners away
This is it
This is it
The Cubans won the world series. Oh, I don't realize it was
Like hubana nasiuna whatever the hell it is. Wasn't that what it was?
How do you say team and spick
A keeper
It'll a keeper nasiuna le kuba
Huh close
Perfect man up bad
Or there was the Cuban national team. It was the hubana sugar kings
It wasn't the guy damn Miami a marlin or for whatever the hell they are this week
The south floor to marlins
Here's the facts from jane and fort lauderdale said you know upwards of 50,000 people protested the war in Washington DC
Said yes, I did jane actually read newspapers and watch TV unlike this audience
Unlike this town
Unlike this country where they're too busy watching reruns of smallville pretty good show
The corporate media made sure they didn't cover it 15 seconds on CNN. It was all snipers all the time
If it weren't for the internet and c-span and everyone heard of it
But my sister and I stood on a corner of sample and federal and hell up sign saying jobs not war on saturday in
Solidary to the folks in DC when I was going jane. I'm sure it was very productive not
And let me tell you the thumbs up way out number the morons who want war
I think people are so brainwashed by the media. They don't know they have a choice
Don't feel so alone
We love you on a sad no Paul wellstone where the conspiracy theorists. Yeah, they'll be coming out of the woodwork
Two years ago we had the what's his name? Elkarnahan and Missouri
Right before the election now we got Paul wellstone any conspiracy there
No, no to plan there. They were flying in horrendous weather reminds me that little girl what that was her name
That went up in that plane
The 11-year-old girl I was flying to plane and I had that premonition on w. I. Would do anybody remember that no
And I said she's gonna die up there and she did
Jessica that was her name was she like seven or eleven
I think she was the leaven but she might have been seven. I remember hearing that story. Was she working at seven eleven?
That's seriously just a little Jessica and they had her flying to plane a driving reinser
Well, we got in the mother of saying well, we got a busy schedule
We got to get on a Minnesota for some more you know TV exposure for some more free airtime
Didn't make it
Anyway, so Paul wellstone is dead. Who is a great guy very liberal, but you know
We're not supposed to be liberal anymore because it's just not the American way also Jane points out the Palm Beach post endorsement
Right, which I knew they would because the Palm Beach post like I said last week has been damn good on this stuff
P.S. Don't trust the corporate media meaning the hero in the freaking Suncental which of course we know the Suncental is owned by the Chicago Tribune Company
A bunch of right-wing assholes from Chicago
Who also own the cubs by the way and look at them
What does that tell you when you're getting news from a goddamn corporate entity that owns the Chicago Cubs
What does that tell you about the freaking news that you're getting it sucks just like the cubs
It's really it's really not worth you know
Going through this but I will anyway hey deal
Yeah, oh and speaking of baseball broadcasters
I gotta tell you I gotta admit when you're wrong you're wrong
Well the career is the only time ever saw John Miller or hurt him to a game was on a ESPN stuff
Where he does all of that phony stick and he's a save you know puts on that phony excitement and I don't like that
But coming home from the track Saturday was when the giants were had five nothing in the o7th inning and the angel star mounted that great comeback
He was sensational. He was great really John Miller. He's outstanding
And by the way speaking of people doing great who get out of this town
Isn't it a bad break that poor Joe angel had to leave the marlins so we could go to the pen and winning giants
Yeah, what a tough break for good old Joe angel
And not only that but John Henry lets they stab you in the back and blow him out of here
So that the great Dave O'Brien the cookie cutter sound of Dave O'Brien
He can be the main man and he leaves here and flies off the ESPN
Yeah, sir's a bright leaves everybody hanging serves you right John Henry your little pucks up there with your Montreal Red Sox or the Boston Royal
Exposed whatever the hell they are this week
Would that phony deal they got going who are you people kidding
But thank god we got the weenies coming back speaking of weenies. I was in a car yesterday. It was the crow was on before the world series
The crow does he belong on the year to say hello no
And just like always the ass suckers. Oh gee crow. This is your last show in the world sir. Oh gee
We hope you come back next year. I don't I don't because I'm embarrassed to be in the same building with him
And you discovered the other days smells like a French warehouse
Yes, I did
Let's get serious. What what is the message there and the owner the only reason he's sucking around with that Marlon
Crap is because he still wants to be the manager
The crow he he's got his finger in everything back down all over the place
He's a wannabe really. Oh, yeah, that's the only reason he's sucking on to that stuff
Nobody cares about baseball here just hey deal
Thank you
And as far as the morning show you know if you're gonna start sucking out of the David Samuels now whatever the guy
That is named Sam David Samu Samson and Delilah you're gonna start sucking out of the Samson and Delilah
Oh god about it. Yeah, because there's no credibility there
God it shows up late for your show and treats you with this respect
Moe just don't forget that okay. Just keep that in mind. He didn't respect you
He had a tirade about that. I don't even remember how many I know he's yet a tire
I know that for for days and days that he had such a lack of respect
He showed up seven minutes late for the interview
In fact, he spent about the first five minutes
Chastising in for showing up late as opposed to like chastising and for being a liar
And putting one over on the public here, but the public cares used to have one put over on him
You know
Just like with the panthers which nobody cares about so they can afford to do that. Oh, and by the way the panthers
Not only at home, but everywhere they go. They're the lowest draw on the league
The pathetic falling leaves who lost again the other night
Blue the lead three times to the Rangers, but we're used to it now
But last Wednesday night is the first time in a coon's age
They didn't fill up the air Canada center or maybe there were 38 unsolved tickets every other game
They got standing remotely like 1500 standing remotely and who was the opponent last Wednesday the panthers
Who did win the game though? I should point that out four to one
What are we going to do about goddamn Pat Quinn and Bill waters and what's his name old Ken Dryden? Huh?
What are we going to do about them? I?
Think we gave all the money to Ryan McLean
We could have got out and got some goddamn good hockey players instead
They give it to Ron McLean who's doing us cream puff interviews with the old the silly old man
Anybody want to talk some hockey? No, no god forbid
But like I said they put the you know pulled the world over the eyes of the public. Oh well
We don't want pop out because he's disruptive. He's bad in the room. Yeah
He scored two goals neck-earn Saturday again by the way. I should point out
But we're gonna take that money. We're gonna go out and get some free agents and really build this team. Did they do it? Are they no?
They full of crap. Yes, they are
Yes, they are
We love you Panther. It's the same old crap in a stomp. They're gonna change
Never gonna change your bunch of phony balonies a bunch of snake-wheels salesman
They come down to pike. They take advantage of the old people. They take advantage of the so-called sports fans
Which we don't have any sports fans here. Maybe about 50
We got about 50 people that have a clue what the game is even all about tops. Yeah
I prefer Bowman myself
Yeah, we're talking baseball cards now. Anybody want to talk about that?
He said tops. I like Bowman
I like the 54 ones where they had like the TV screen with the players pictures and you ever see those? Yes, I was how about the flair
I like the bubble gum the flair was had the best bubble gum and of course every time you went out and bought like 10 packs of baseball cards
You had to like shove all of gum in your mouth
It was a bling it to her that you had a chew every piece even though you spit it right out and the gum too
10 past 10 at 560 WQ and we got 144 votes on air. They want that weed, baby
And before the end of the show today we're going to give you Steve M's address in Davy and his phone number
Gives you some really good crap
If you didn't want to get out of bed this morning
Because you were feeling cranky or you didn't sleep at all last night
Then do this smart thing call 1-800 mattress
That's the number 4 dial amatris when you call 1-800 mattress
You'll be guaranteed a great night sleep for years to come. I get this overhead is so low
I can barely even hear myself. How about if I crank it up all the way? How would that be?
When you call that number like I said you uh
Give it a little give it a little shot give it a little cranking there the overhead is there a button in there is there a
There you go. We're getting there
And dial amatris carries only the top brands like Serta
Seely Simmons King Coral and every size and cover level
Which means the mattress you want is in stock right now available for immediate delivery
Recently they set up the extremely lazy Miguel with a new bed and he's probably spending half the day in there all day
He's loving it. That's right lazy slob like him
The folks at dial amatris did what they said they would know BS no excuses
No bait and switch just a comfortable relaxing night sleep for the lovely lazy Miguel when the crew from dial amatris got the Miguel's house
They set up as mattress the way the old one and before they were even out the door
He was already fast asleep in the sack. Don't be tempted by stores going out of business who can't deliver
Now through the end of the month, which means you got only three days left
dial amatris offers you free delivery
That's right. You can get free a dial amatris delivery in just two hours or in any given to our window
You provide depending on where you live when it's convenient for you noone to two one to three etc
Tell Miguel to buzz off. Don't forget now for a limited time delivery is guaranteed free
But you only got three days to take advantage. Hey, how about those best-of-citys Miguel you lazy spick
So sleep like a baby like me and Miguel do effect
He sleeps on the weekend like 18 19 hours a day call one 800 mattress right now
One 800 MATT RES for dial amatris brand name beds for busy people and lazy ones too
You
Islands with
My lands with my land is honest give me another beer
And your way to me
Schwarzen
R other train
Here you do
About
Shoes
Way
Talk to what is caused.
George and Junior say he trust you,
but believe you.
Who's there lies all the greedy oil alone?
But then he make you clean all the White House bathrooms.
The cup of sea, the toilet, and then scrub the floor.
They tell you don't wear sandals, God don't leave them.
Your cold chiptool will make them wanna wretch at you.
Your mappin' leia looks just like it people throw.
If you'll be what you to be, that's what you do.
One day while you be flippin' pancake, you may realize.
Jesus Christ!
Jesus Christ!
That's 17 to 560 W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
Bad date of quitsnith and glute.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
