If you're in Zach in Dorine and Goldie Howard David Evan, I think in paradise on QAM
This is how Florida's only real
14 WQAM Miami Ford Lutterdale of people in broadcast
� station
and WQAM dot com
Solid citizen that he's become
You didn't dare go up to Miami because he might go berserk
He took losing so hard
A lot of others nick Nick wanna conny boy
You didn't want to be around him after they lost
And they were other guys who stayed on an even keel like chew of most of the time
Full of Zach Garrel, Lutterdale, oh!
This fall television changes forever
His tell it like it is style has already impacted millions of Americans
His appearances on Oprah have propelled him into the national limelight
Get ready for a doctor fill
Well Phil, we've been married 20 years
Don't cry! I'm not crying!
Look at me when you talk!
I'm looking right at you!
You're problem is you're stupid!
No, you see me and my husband got up!
Who's big but two on your stupid!
Why you crying? You see I don't have any sympathy for you!
You're facing me my husband!
I'm hearing the 80s!
We haven't had sex in my 10s!
Why wouldn't have sex with you either? Look at the can on you!
Dr. Phil, you know the problem seems to be I come home, I wanna watch TV
Tell me about you, tell me about her!
Well I'm not trying to tell you, she comes into the room now
Tell me what she does, tell me what you do!
I sit in the chair and I have the TV on
No, she comes too busy watching TV is your deal
That's what men wanna do, we just wanna watch TV, you can't do it
Why wanna do it?
And we can't do it! See your problem is you're dumb!
You're a dumb, watching TV it is!
Excuse me? I say you're a dumb, don't vibe ball me like that!
I'm trying to help you, you're on my show!
You don't have your own show, do you? You need some of this!
Oh, I'm out there! Don't!
Idiot! Oh!
Dr. Phil!
See Dr. Phil, he just does...
Now why are you talking so quiet? You see, already I can tell you're a pushover!
But he just doesn't talk?
Don't tell me what he does!
But I just don't understand why...
I've got some of this for you too! Some of this!
Dr. Phil, this fall!
He goes Mr. Nonserboyce and love for you too!
I owe $2.560 WQM Happy Thursday too!
And guess what, we're all still alive!
How do you like that? Aren't you shocked?
So George is not sick today, we think he's still alive.
And Miguel is there sitting in that room, that's your first time, huh?
Yes, sir.
Sitting at that other door, which he's very excited about, what is this?
This is... this is... shameful.
I saved that for now.
This is the second time that he's pulled this crap.
You know, yesterday he was building up a...
Oh, I think I'm getting sick, that kind of deal.
Which... you know, I give him credit.
I don't think he was sick like all through the summer, was he?
A little bit, actually.
No, no, I don't mean that, but I mean he didn't miss any work.
Well, he couldn't.
No, that's my point.
He couldn't because... well, no, why couldn't he?
When I was doing the show on those Tuesdays and Thursdays?
He could have been out sick.
But nevertheless, the poor guy that used to be sick like all the time,
at least three out of every four days, he hasn't been sick for a long time.
So I'm trying this other bank here.
I am that hemorrhoid.
On this thing, on the O360,
which I haven't used these in a long time.
Get down on your hands and ease and lick my boots.
I have your ears, Oscar!
I just am warning the audience for that case they hear different things.
Or in case I hit like the wrong button.
Like...
Get push!
Get the money!
Because that looks like we got Bill McBride in there by about 8,000 votes.
It looks like, but...
And of course, all the networks are busy ridiculing the crap out of Florida.
We're enjoying that now.
Florida.
Yeah, Florida.
We're used to that.
We kind of like that.
We like being dumb and stupid.
And things like that.
Anyway, this, that Miguel just fact to me, is so outrageous.
Join George.
I guess that's what he's doing right now.
He's doing a little appearance prep.
You've heard a show prep.
He's doing a little appearance prep.
Maybe he's getting his penis polished or something like that.
Join George from five to seven to nine at Treasure Island.
You're going to be there two I'm assuming.
Yes.
And Vokabrion?
Probably.
Probably.
Treasure Island tonight.
Located off the Palmetto just north of the 120-second street exit.
Stop by for prizes, Budweiser Specials Plus.
Check out this week's feature, Zo Britten.
Sounds like a guy.
Tonight at Treasure Island, you have to go and find out for yourself.
So, George, it's too sick to work, but not too sick to be at Treasure Island.
How do you like that?
Takes a big pair.
I'm better than the Vokas on a show that's difficult.
Yeah, I'm just trying these things out.
Our poll yesterday, 860 votes.
If the election for Governor will be held today,
for whom would you vote?
And I was changing again.
I hate that.
Every time I look at that damn computer screen, 861 votes.
Bill McBride, 501, 58.1%.
I got to go back to bank one, okay?
Or bank whatever the hell it is.
Because that's not on bank three.
Bill McBride, 501, neither Bill or Jeb, 181.
And Jeb Bush comes in behind neither 179.
So 58.1 to 20.7 is almost 3 to 1.
It was running about 3 to 1 yesterday.
So that's why Jeb was crappin' his pants.
And he had a cross-deck cometer to this morning about the three biggest counties in the state.
Can't hold an election.
It's a disgrace.
Yeah, he's only pissed off because not enough of Janet's butlerkers came out.
I'll tell you, she couldn't have done any better in Dayton Broward.
She had like over 70% in date and about 58% in Broward.
And what the hell more could you want?
But she just didn't have enough in Kamada, I guess is what it was.
And like I tried to explain to you, if she can't be the guy that nobody ever heard of two weeks ago,
how the hell is she going to beat Jeb Bush?
And the answer is she wouldn't.
So all you people out there, you know, your intentions were good, I guess, all these Democrats.
They voted for Janet.
But you know, I mean, what's the point?
What is the point of continuing to nominate candidates who can't win the general election?
What is the point? Is there any point in that?
No.
Unless having like a death wish.
Now speaking of amazing things, this could be the most phenomenal bizarre thing in a long time.
And let me say it again, we're alive.
We didn't have any terrorist activities yesterday.
We had then once this, a couple of suspicious things, minor, but nothing really meaningful.
No terrorist activity in Spiderman, John Ascroft was saying, and Tom Rigid.
On the anniversary of the 9-11 terrorist attacks, a date often repeated is 9-11.
The numbers that pop up for the New York lottery last night were 9-11.
Oi!
Can you believe that?
The numbers were picked in the standard random fashion using all the same protocols that lottery spokeswoman Carolyn Hayden said.
And the number of hate men, it's just the way the numbers came up.
Anybody believe Carolyn?
No!
Now we don't believe you sweetheart.
Lottery officials expected no late this morning.
How many?
Late this morning?
I thought it's a later one.
Well, a little later on.
How many people picked those numbers and how much they want to hate been said?
She said the number of winners must be high because the 9-11 combination reached the lottery set limit for combinations and sold out.
On any given day, seven to ten sets of numbers are closed out, she said.
So in other words, it's going to pay peanuts.
Jeff Cook, a clerk at an Albany area convenience store, said he sold 20 to 25 tickets with those numbers just in one store alone.
But another Albany area clerk, Farzad Kosrovich said people seemed reluctant about vetting and possibly winning on tragedy.
I think some people were disgusted with the idea of playing that number because it represents a black day in history of America, you said.
For the evening drawing, the state lottery users used a numbered ball circulating in machine.
Haven't said Wednesday was the first time in more than a year that the 9-11 combination came up.
How do you like that?
Talking about a strange coincidence or maybe the Lord was trying to send a message.
You think?
No.
Probably not.
So we're still alive.
And not only did that not only survive a day when we were in an orange alert which we still are by the way, but also survived a day when the...
I got a couple of articles about including one by little bald headed Tommy Jicca.
Oh!
About the media covered the in session.
I mean, it's a then good thing I have my digital cable here at about 75,000 channels because even channels like IFC, the International Film Channel, they had crap on it.
Everywhere you turn, all the networks, all the depression all day.
So I had to watch Scream TV, the Ahorah movies, and the Driving Movie Channel, all that Cornball crap, and the Game Show Channel.
That was it.
That was basically the only choice you had.
Everywhere you turn.
Let's put it according to St. John.
See, there it is again.
There it is again.
Give us a break already.
It's over.
This is 912 now.
Okay, we're starting a new leaf, a new page in history.
Give us a freaking break.
Can you do it?
Oh!
God damn it.
Same old crap.
Just on and on and on.
How many women crying?
And of course we've seen these horrible stories.
You know, see if they would have stopped last year, like a few days after the attacks, if they would have given it a breather.
Then it might have been significant, but there's never been, they've never let up.
So there was nothing new.
And then of course, the networks continued showing, you know, the planes going into the building.
The plane, the famous now.
Well, ABC, they only showed the second plane making the turn, banking, you know.
And not then, then they stopped it.
They didn't actually show the impact.
And then the next frame, they showed the building already like on fire.
I guess they want brownie points for that.
So anyway, final tallies says the Sun Centrelets McBride by 8,000 over Reno.
Oh!
Wow, that's a bush.
He's probably got to change his underwear every five minutes.
I'm sure we don't find no crack cocaine in any old under underpants.
Florida, gubernatorial candidate Bill McBride had an 8,000 vote lead over Reno
that Democratic primary early this morning, but was holding off on declaring victory as the state continues to sort out a race that's brought back memories of that grotesque 2006 presidential election.
The word fixed being mine, not the Sun Centrelets.
I want to make sure you understand that.
Sun Centrelets didn't say that.
I said it.
With all precincts reporting, I don't want to give you the number of votes.
You know what is.
The Earl Jones had 11.6 percent.
The a dark, complex guy.
And he's the one that kept Janet out.
You are aware of that, aren't you?
Yes.
Because the black folks who voted for Janet big time and compared to McBride.
But nevertheless, 11.6 percent.
Most of that would have gone to Janet.
It would have been a glanslide.
Although all precinctive reported results.
Orange County was still reviewing some ballots that didn't scan properly.
But it ain't going to be 8,000 Janet in the addition of which she got her ass whipped in Orange County.
McBride's campaign wanted the state division elections to make his victory official.
Before we set his sights on Republican governor, Jab Bush.
Meanwhile, Reno's campaign was mulling its options, including a recal request
to re-loss you to overturn the results.
Amid claims that thousands of voters returned away at the polls.
Janet said she would be the better candidate because she knows her Bush.
A final margin.
I have a better line for that, but I guess I'll save it.
A final, don't start with that.
You know, she could...
Now what's that echo I'm hearing in the back?
What was that?
Did you hear that for a second?
No.
Somebody's poaching with a pot in the other room, I think.
Hey, Robert, cut the crap, baby.
Whoever's in there, dickin' around.
Probably the beast.
Oh, he's not there today, is he?
No, he's not.
No, he's gonna weigh in tomorrow at the beast.
He's gonna...
He's hopping on it.
A final margin within a half percent of the total votes casted about 6,700 votes,
would automatically trigger a recalc, according to the unofficial results the margin was
7991 votes out of more than 1.3 million cast.
Both candidates were cautious yesterday as the threats of lawsuits and recalc loom.
At this point, I don't want to talk about it till all until I know what the circumstances
are was all that Reno would say.
He don't want to talk about it.
We'll see what happens in McBride said.
I thought it was gonna be close, but I thought it would have been settled by now.
I just hope this gets straightened out, he'd be saying.
I think he can beat the jab, myster.
Okay, I really believe that.
Make no mistake about it.
And then this pathetic story about this old cocker, I'll get to it in a second after the break.
And Gell said he saw the picture of this guy from Tamrak.
He's 80 years old, looks like about 180.
Isn't that what you said?
At least.
I didn't say that Bill, that was Miguel, that said that.
What does he know?
12 minutes after 9, at 5, I still can't believe that the little George is gonna do the treasure
animal thing.
Causing sick this morning, all he's probably like, you know, getting a makeover for tonight,
hoping that he gets lucky.
Hey, you don't have to get made over to take Oliomet, all you have to do is open your mouth wide.
Just pop it in your purse.
Oliomet is a soft-yellow capsule.
It's got a lot of good stuff in it, man.
It's got the best olive oil you'll find anywhere, pure potency,
along with vitamins and minerals and herbals to promote health for all different parts of your body.
By the way, Skippy, you're an asshole.
They've got one product for your prostate, one for your heart, your blood pressure and cholesterol.
Oliomet also makes one for your circulatory system, your digestive, your endocrine system.
There's a product specifically designed for your skin bones, even one for your mind,
and believe me, it couldn't hurt and floor it down.
I'll use the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil.
Like I said, the best you'll find anywhere is to know, forget Oliomet makes products for men and ladies as well.
You couldn't possibly forget if you listen to this show.
Oliomet is available at Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, DeVoral Pharmacy and Sonanos 2.
If you want to get more information about this product and what it can do for you,
just call their toll-free number.
There'll be more than ecstatic to answer your questions.
Call toll-free like I said, 1-866 Oliomet.
That's 1-866-OL-E-O-M-E-D.
And don't forget, you can order their products on their website and get more info as well.
OliometAmerica.com
5-8-Local V-S-E-560
The radio's all yours.
I'm Q-E-M
Little star, the Georgia's coming.
Warning, we have mercilessly taken the following material out of context with Appendorf's or Permission for Most Depicted.
It is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible.
We hope we reach that goal, or at least major lap.
Friends and distinguished guests.
Simply put, President Bush can read only at the most basic level.
I'm working with a variety of organizations to achieve President Bush's great goal,
learn basic vocabulary words.
Education is a top priority for President Bush, and I presented him with a children's dictionary.
I'm proud that my husband, just yesterday, he said kindergarten.
Because education brings opportunity, our public schools are open to every child in America.
And President Bush, thank you for your help.
Hey, you're welcome.
I understand Greg is working on teaching the President a new word.
I don't know how you spell it, but he's working on it.
Anyways, 917 at 560 QAM.
So this worker says he babysat Florida ballots, another part of this grotesque embarrassment.
A Broward County precinct clerk says he babysat ballots for nearly 60 hours,
because he was unable to contact voting officials to collect them.
Bill McCamey, 80, and the Miguel says he looks at least 180.
Now that's terrible.
He's old.
He's an old fart, is what he's trying to say.
Oh, 80, said he did the best he could at his precinct in Tamarack,
but McCamey's story of what went wrong was one of many that played Tuesday's primary elections.
McCamey was the only worker who was precinct during the final two hours of voting.
Everyone else left at 7pm after an adjacent precinct began shutting down.
And he wanted to know why they began shutting down?
Because they didn't get the word, they were supposed to still open the extra two hours.
By the way, Miriam Oliphat needs to be canned.
She needs to be fired.
I see several articles about that.
Well, the black people say this.
I don't care what the dark people say.
Fire her ass, okay?
Good.
And then that David Leahy and Dave County also, how the hell has he been hanging on?
Who's he got naked pictures of?
I think he's got naked pictures of Merritt Steerheim and Merritt Penga Pakenia doing it.
Must have.
Because Dave County, as usual, the last and the least and the worst.
As of this morning, they finally got the last two precincts in there.
Who the hell are you people kidding, huh?
McCamey tried to close out the machines on his own after failing to reach county election officials for assistance.
It took McCamey to a 12.45 am to reach the regional collection center.
That's Tuesday night.
But no officials were made, I guess, Wednesday morning.
More there at that point, so McCamey took the ballots home.
He took them home.
I decided I'd done all I possibly could do.
McCamey said, what else can you do?
Can't reach anybody else by phone?
McCamey was very cautious with the ballots even taking them with him as he ran errands Wednesday morning.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
Election officials arrived at McCamey's home around 1 p.m. Wednesday to finally collect a field box.
County Commissioner Suzanne Gunsberger said she hoped the election miscues would never be repeated.
Right, Susie, right.
As long as you got 95-year-old people all at all the polls, who haven't got a clue which side is up and which is down.
It's disheartening, it's disappointing, and really is a blemish for Broward County.
She said, McCamey said he will not fall into here working on the election.
I did a lousy job of clerking.
He said, let me ask you a question, okay?
Okay.
Because people under the age of 18 can't vote, right?
Right.
Why don't they make election day everywhere in the country on national holiday?
And they train a bunch of like high school and junior high school like, you know, 16, 17-year-olds.
People aren't enough old enough to vote, but who have the day off from school that day?
You follow what I'm saying?
You trust the kids, too?
What do you mean do I trust them?
At least they got an idea of where to plug something in and how to turn it on and whatever else.
You know what I'm saying?
These old parts there, the one guy, they were waiting for hours, the one machine.
You heard them talking on CNN this morning, John Zerillo.
And they come to find out that the outlet that they had the machine plugged into was dead.
So.
And they only found out when they tried to stick their pacemaker plug in there and it still wouldn't do nothing.
And they, oh, let's try this out, but oh, it works. How do you like that?
Now, this business that go into the pools and having people who are over the age of 100, it's not going to fly, man.
It's got to stop. It's got to stop now.
Well, I think that's a good idea or get some college students to do it.
Some anybody under the age of 100, people who still got their reflexes, still have some kind of idea with Elblop Planet there on.
You could earn community credit points, you know?
Something, right.
Community service.
I'm hearing like an echo this morning. Is it just me or is it my imagination?
I see where it came and it went.
I think somebody's dicking with something in the other room.
Speaking of that, speaking of, and to show you that high school students are, you know, they're pretty responsible.
High-point central high school officials aren't laughing at a recent prank where four students come and dear to school projector
and show to pornographic movie to one suspecting classmates.
Oh, right.
The incident took place about two weeks. I don't know where high point is.
Anybody know where high point is? No.
Somebody let us know where it held is. I think it's somewhere in New York.
The incident took place about two weeks ago in the cafeteria before a school principal, Joe Yeager, said the first bus arrived early that morning, beating the teacher who normally supervises breakfast.
Why don't they have to have a teacher supervising breakfast?
Do you ever hear such a thing?
Just a case.
In case one, in case somebody brings in pornophlex.
Four students took advantage of the situation by using the cafeteria seldom used video projection system to show an ex-rated tape.
One which one of the four apparently brought to school about 20 students were in the cafeteria at the time.
One of those students left the cafeteria. There's always one to notify a school administrator who shut off the tape.
Yeager said the tape ran for less than five minutes.
Sure.
Yeah, what an idiot.
What a moron.
I guarantee that kid got the snot beaten out of him after school that day.
I guarantee that those other 19 kids lined him up against the wall and just beat him busy.
The video equipment is off limit to students. Normally the equipment is locked up but the cabinet mistakenly had been left unlock Yeager said.
Before students responsible for the movie prank are in a lot of trouble, Yeager said school officials called their parents that recommended that the four be suspended from school suspended a sentence.
We're not going to have other students exposed to that, Yeager said, as he watched the rest of the movie in the privacy of his orifice.
How do you like that? We're not going to have the students exposed to that. God only knows what they'll be doing.
Speaking of that, don't forget George and Miguel at Treasure Island tonight and Vokabriner a whole bunch of other horny people.
Now, Eric's probably waiting for the pool. Although he's got plenty of time for brunch this morning.
I understand Eric's going to be brunching between 9.30 and 11.45 just quitting just before lunchtime.
Taking a 15 minute break to like evacuate the premises. That's just a rumor I heard Eric. I could be wrong.
Anyway, the poll a question is coming up right after this story to lead right into it.
They've been talking about this a lot the last month and first I guess I must have been sick the last time I saw this story. So I'm glad they brought it back.
Pop versus soda debate rages on in the South. It's called Coke even when it's Pepsi many at Boston say tonic.
I say I live in Boston two years. I never heard anybody order a soda by saying I'll have a tonic. Did you ever hear that?
No, I heard a pop on that tonic. Hey up here it's pop a.
Candidates pop upstate New York. It's pop in New York City at soda. A precious few even ordered a fizzy drink.
Do you ever hear of anybody say I'll have a fizzy drink with my hamburger? How cute.
No fizzy drink my ass. But the debate between those soft drinks and animes is a linguistic undercard in the nation's carbonated war of words.
The real battle pop versus soda up here. It's very big on pop like over a pizza pizza, which is the biggest pizza chain in town soda and I'm in that soda.
A slice at a pop for like two and a quarter whatever the big signs slice in a pop. Order of soda and Michigan or Minnesota and you're clearly an outsider.
In fact a lot of places if you order a soda they think it can be like an ice cream soda.
You follow what I'm saying? Maybe I had an ice cream soda. Yep.
Well in a lot of you say soda and one of those Yahoo places they think you're talking about an ice cream soda.
Because they don't refer to what as for pop in New York City and you ask for risk being ridiculed or popped in a mouth.
Bert Voe linguistics professor at Harvard University says many Americans are overly passionate about how they refer to the popular beverage family.
For reasons that are unclear to me people feel they have a license to attack those who say pop as stupid or logical.
I use Coke because I grew up in Houston. He said they're not too fond of that around here. However, it's not as stigmatized as saying pop.
Well too bad a we like pop here in a Rochester was pop too.
The pop soda Coke divide has always created vaguen usually incorrect assumptions about who says what were voe said.
But for the first time internet technology and 29,000 votes on a website has offered a definition of the debates borders.
That's going to be our poll today Eric. That's our poll question. What do you call soft drinks here? The choices coke pop soda tonic or I never drink that Schmidt.
Pretty good choices. See we always have to have one for the people like you know sourpuses. Oh I never drink that Schmidt.
What do you call soft drinks coke pop soda tonic. I don't even ever drink that Schmidt and you know there's some people order a coke even if they want a Pepsi.
I do. Well because yeah, although I do like Pepsi better because it's sweeter.
Anyway, the site created eight years ago is in fact I like Dr. Pecker better than either one of them but they don't have in most places right.
How about that? Why not? The site created eight years ago is a college project as visitors to one of their children.
I feel today like I'm in the old rock music days when we used to have a little reverb in the back because evidently there's like a pop crack somewhere and there's just like a little bit of reverb on there which is great.
I like WABC maybe let's get out the old jingles. The site created eight years ago is a college project as visitors to one of their childhood zip code and their soft drink term they use their vote is then placed on a map as a colored dot.
What is emerged is a swath of coke votes across the south pop votes in the Midwest and Canada and soda votes in the north east and Californian curiously soda votes in St. Louis and Milwaukee.
Who's winning? It's a bottle neck and neck. It says pop and soda each have about 11,300 votes. Coke has 4800 votes. That nation might we'll see what our crowd says.
Aside from the well we'll get to the rest of the second let's do the break okay with some more steel copy copy crisis at QA and by the way.
Copy crisis anybody paying attention.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling the football hotline.
Oh, baby.
Hold me.
Oh, yes.
That's it.
I love your illegal use of hands.
Oh, complete a pass to my wide receiver.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Fondle my end zone.
Spread my goal post.
Oh, that's an illegal procedure.
Oh, yes.
Touch down in my tight.
And oh, yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Oh.
932-560-WD-Q90.
Did you vote on here too, on a poll?
That's me.
Okay, so it's you and me.
We both voted for Coke.
I haven't said pop in the Koon stage,
because I haven't lived in an upstate in the earth for a very long time.
And here I wouldn't go to a place to say,
oh, I'll have a cheeseburger and a pop.
Oh, I just, I don't know.
It just sounds like goofy.
I don't know.
I'll have a diet pop.
I'll have a dietonic.
I'll have a diet fizzy drink.
That's wrong.
It sounds silly as well.
It's not.
It says historically, the correct term is phosphate,
which was defined by soda jerks.
Therefore, soda is clearly wrong.
I'll have a vanilla phosphate.
It was great, though.
You see, you're not old enough.
Either one of you remember back in the good days of the...
Well, I guess they still have a few of them around the soda fountains, you know?
They used to be all over the place.
And you go in and get a cherry coke, and they would be like,
you know, they have the real syrup, you know,
and they'd mix it with they have...
Oh, it was great.
Now it's all crap out of a bottle.
Be aware that soft drink is common in the South,
and using pop or soda will get you a very strange look it says.
New Orleans resident, Chris the Trent Acosta,
a coke person is one of those who might look a scant,
and people who say pop, who say pop,
in terms of she says creepy.
It's kind of dorky.
It's kind of like G. Wilkery, she said.
Yeah, she's right about that.
That's Hoki, which is why in Canada here we use it.
Hey, I'll have a pop.
So pop in a slice.
Logic has a little bit of a person's position on the pop.
So the spectrum, both said a kid hearing pop growing up.
And oh, how does it think?
Hmm, that isn't sufficient and logical for me.
I'm not going to use it.
They used just whatever they hear.
When Alan McConkey was a freshman of the California Institute of Technology in 1993,
he broke the ice with new classmates by asking soda or pop.
One way of page almost three, 30,000 votes later,
the computer programmer is now part-time linguist.
Florida splits almost right and half between coke and soda,
just like the Bush Gore thing they said.
We're learning that half of Florida is a southern state,
the other half people are moved in from the north.
Oh, no kidding.
Really?
Yeah, and that's what he says.
Well, so there we go.
We got the two votes on there, and they're both ours.
So that pulls going over bigger than Halibut.
But they pull us up by the way, nearranges.com.
Very important stuff today.
This might be a little bit more important.
US threatens world peace as Nelson Mandela.
One of the world's most recent, this is from the BBC, I should point out.
From BBC News, world edition,
one of the world's most respected statesman,
Nelson Mandela has condemned the United States intervention
in the Middle East as a threat to world peace.
In the interview with US Magazine Newsweek published yesterday,
the former South African president repeated his call
for President George Bush not to launch attacks on Iraq.
He said that Mr. Bush was trying to please the American arms
and oil industries.
And Mr. Mandela, 84, called some of Mr. Bush's senior advisers,
including Vice President Dick Cheney, dinosaurs.
He said that the US backing for a coup
by the Shah of Iran in 53,
had led to the country's Islamic resolution in 1979,
which of course he's right about that.
On Afghanistan, Mr. Mandela said that US support
for the Mujahadin, including Osama bin Laden against the Soviet Union,
and its refusal to work with the UN after the Soviet withdrawal,
led to the Taliban taking power, which again he's right.
If you look at those matters, you'll come to the conclusion
that the attitude of the US is a threat to world peace, he said.
Mr. Mandela said the US was clearly afraid of losing a vote
on the UN Security Council.
It's clearly a decision that's motivated by George Bush's desire
to please the arms and oil industries
in the United States or America, he said.
He said that no evidence had been presented to support
the claim that Iraq possesses weapons of mass destruction,
while former UN weapons inspector in Baghdad
Scott Ridder of questionable veracity has said there was no such evidence.
But what we do know is that Israel has weapons of mass destruction.
Nobody mentions that, he said.
The former South Africaun leader made it clear that the only member
of the Bush team he respect is Colin Powell.
He called Mr. Cheney a dinosaur and an arch conservative
who doesn't want Mr. Bush to belong to the modern age.
Mr. Mandela recalled that Mr. Cheney had been opposed to his release
from prison.
I think he's got a grudge, you understand?
He don't hold no grudge.
But I think he's got a thumb right on it.
Travel lags on a tax anniversary.
Oh, now we got the 16 votes.
How did that happen all of a sudden?
I got 25.
Oh, you're way ahead of me.
Well anyway, travel lags on a tax anniversary,
airports and train stations around the country
were much less busy than usual yesterday, as we expected,
with many Americans' jittery about flying on the anniversary
of the terrorist attacks,
not to mention, of course, the orange alert.
Airports and train stations around a country
weren't really less busy.
A Tampa International was virtually empty,
eerily similar to 9-11 last year.
This is in the same Pete Times.
By the way, the same Pete Times is by far the best newspaper in the state.
Anybody want to argue with me about that?
No.
Elsewhere, a 19-year-old Elizabeth Springs and ABCmen
stationed in Monterey, California, flew northwest to
Orlando, attended Memorial Service of the Pentagon,
the worst of it can close to avoid becoming a possible target.
Karen Briggs, who flew American from Boston Long Beach, California,
and business said flying on 9-11 brings it all back to the vulnerability
we felt that day that it could happen to anyone any time.
Travelers were given more reason to be nervous after the federal government
issued that terror alert in order to security workers at Airports,
train stations, and long waterways to be extra vigilant.
Extra, and can you believe this?
The next bottle I've got to say.
The Pentagon service for the unidentified remains of the Pentagon attacks,
and they're still covering this, and there's the casket with a flag around it.
And is this ever going to end?
No.
Jesus Christ, I don't want to sound insensitive,
but talk about overkill, talk about just, man.
Jet diverted after a strange behavior,
we had a little bit on this yesterday.
An airliner was diverted to Fort Smith, Arkansas yesterday,
because four passengers behaved strangely on the flight,
including at least three who locked themselves in a restroom,
possibly shaving their body here.
No injuries were reported.
I remember the hijackers last year.
Uh-huh.
That was one of the things that they had to do with shave off all their facial hair,
so that they would like blend in,
it looks just like a bunch of punks, and they did.
Federal officials speaking, of course, on condition of anonymity,
because everybody is mum and the world today,
because for obvious reasons, said the incident was not to be related to terrorism.
Do we necessarily believe those federal officials?
No.
I mean, the idea, first of all, you've got three guys jammed into a bathroom
on the airplane altogether, which sounds either like a goddamn gay orgy,
or else they're cooking up something not so good.
Kate STP TV in Minneapolis, where Northwest Airlines is based,
quoted an unidentified source, saying the three men were shaving themselves clean,
a source speaking on condition of anonymity told the AP that people aboard the plane
gave an investigator similar accounts.
After last year's terror attack documents found in the luggage of attack leader Muhammad Ottag,
gave what appeared to be instructions for the suicide hijackers that,
previous night, shaved the extra hair from the body and prey.
The men appeared to be of middle eastern descent, said Jim Harris,
a spokesman for Governor Mike Huckabee.
FAA spokesman Scott Brenner said some people were detained by the FBI at Fort Smith,
but didn't know how many.
The FBI office at Little Rock said the men were taken off the plane,
but their wearer bots were unknown.
Maybe we sent them off to summer camp because it's still summer goal of 21st.
The Bush administration had raised the nation's terror alert,
warning to what second highest level Tuesday, code orange, signalling a high-risk attack
on the anniversary of the 9-11 attacks.
Northwest Airlines flight 979, an Airbus A320,
traveling from Memphis to Las Vegas, with 94 passengers and a crew of five,
landed at Fort Smith late yesterday morning.
No fighter jets were launched to accompany the aircraft.
The Northwest pilots decided themselves to land at Fort Smith as a precaution
to the airline, said in a statement.
Little suspicious when you say they're inside a turlits shaven,
together all three of them shaving the body here?
They were joining the My High Club.
Is that what it was?
Maybe they already wore high.
I'm still here in Ed Echo in the back, and I'm getting used to what I like it now.
In fact, I hope we have it every day.
We have 47 votes. Is that what you got?
Yep.
What do you call soft drinks?
Soda 24, Coke 14.
I don't ever drink that.
Schmidt 6.
Pop 2 and Tonic 1.
Probably should have put fizzy drink under it too, so I'm gonna say,
oh, I call it.
Let me have a diet fizzy drink.
Can you imagine going into a restaurant, even into like Denys?
And saying, I'll have the grandstriens special and a fizzy drink.
I don't think so.
Hey, if you love your home, but you need more space if you're desperate.
Here's the answer for you.
Here's what you'd be doing.
Do what hundreds of other smart people are doing.
Call strictly additions.
Whether you're having a baby in another room, even if it's a baby you don't want, George.
If you're converting a car-port or patio into living space, if you're going into business for yourself,
and want to make a home office call, strictly additions.
They're your one-stop, shop, more space for your place, place,
with an absolutely worry-free approach to expanding your living space.
There was no shows by other contractors will not happen.
In complete work, no chance when you call strictly additions.
No one expected bills.
No worries about the job not getting done right.
And don't forget they take care of every single last detail.
They drop your blueprints.
They get the building permits handled all the inspections.
Strictly additions has got that easy five-step approach to total customer satisfaction.
First, they call the Schedule A free project evaluation employment right at your home or project estimator.
Will determine the scope of your addition.
Secondly, they'll schedule a bit of employment in their convenience room,
where you'll get a detailed proposal and an exact price for the work.
Third, select your finishing touches, go to Contract Fourth, review the ZONE, architectural drawings,
and then fifth sit back on your lazy ass and relax.
As your dream addition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality.
Give strictly additions a call two day at 9.5.4.791.8100.
That's 9.5.4.791.8100.
Check out the red and yellow pages.
They're licensed.
They're insured professionals who care about doing stupendous work for you.
Be sure to tell the old Neo-Portid calls strictly additions at 9.5.4.791.8100.
What are you doing? Look at that.
What did I do with that?
You know?
What did you do?
I did something.
I didn't know.
It's 2020, but it's two way out.
The ass is sick and they talk badly.
What's the craft they played on the whole?
That's power.
What a garbage.
The kids today don't know what's good.
Like that song, I'm happy I live in a split level head.
You remember that?
How can you listen?
I'm happy I live in a split level head.
I'm happy I live in a split level head.
You don't remember that?
No.
Why are mice around and by morons?
Come on, howie.
Don't you go be howie.
There's nothing to put in it from you, pal.
No.
You shut up, fatso.
Okay, that's it.
You're all fired.
You've been screwed with the roof.
You listen to me.
You're fired.
You'll think that goes for you too.
You who I am, I'm the king of paradise.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
I came down here after losing my charm of them
to be a big fish in a little park.
When they kicked me off the SP and they told me don't come back again.
I had some problems with mice, guys,
or mice, I moved to a thousand times.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Fire.
That begs the elation over we die.
Like I was fucking your own fire.
And I hope that chis'n goes one dies.
I hope he dies.
I hope you all die.
I'm a big fish in a little park to see you.
A big fish in a little park.
Did anybody else hear me?
I'm a big fish in a little park to see you.
I'm a big fish in a little park.
Yeah!
I want to see anybody else do anything.
945 at 560 WQM.
He has problems, you know what?
Anyway, 64 votes on our survey.
You got 64?
Six.
You got 66?
Uh-huh.
How come I'm a little bit in the behind?
You're slow to get it.
What do you cost off-grain?
I got soda 33.
What do you got for soda there?
35 for me.
Uh-huh.
So like I said, soda 35, Coke 19.
I don't ever drink that.
Schmidt 6, Pop 4 and Tonic 2.
Well, I'll have a tonic.
Although I do see, in fact, Tonic is something different to be honest with, isn't it?
Because you'll see like tonic water in the supermarket.
Tonic water's got the sugar-winner, I think.
Right.
You can have a gin and tonic, for example.
Right.
Yeah, tonic water that they use like to mix drinks.
And that's got sugar in it, man.
It's sweet.
So well, of course, so does a Coke.
What am I talking about?
Two dogs detected a cent of explosives in a van and a 41st story office, how are you
studying?
Forcing the evacuation of the Ohio Supreme Court and state agency or offices, the Ohio State,
how a patrol said, the patrol said a man was in custody.
No explosives were found, sent with detected three times by one dog and once by another one.
Said patrol lieutenant Colonel Paul McClellan.
The man in custody had told an employee on the 28th floor, I'm here to install a bomb, McClellan said.
The employee had asked the man what he was doing because he looked out a place, the 28th floor houses personnel offices.
Trooper was looking into custody, 117 pm.
Authorities didn't identify him or immediately provide any other details.
Evacuation was ordered to him, commuting within about half an hour.
About 4,000 state employees working the building, it wasn't immediately clear how many were affected.
He was there to install a bomb.
Maybe he said I'm here to drop a bomb like Fat Boy.
Maybe she misunderstood.
Maybe that's what it was.
Maybe he was looking for the turlip.
Always going to be at least one asshole around or all over the place.
There's probably a talk show caller or a factur.
Maybe the guy with a little squiggly handwriting that got George all bent out of shape yesterday.
Hey George, if you're listening which I'm sure you're not because you're busy prepping for a nice big appearance at Treasure Island.
Don't pay any attention to the source and he won't do it.
He is the most thin skinned little spick I've ever seen in my life.
He puts on a good veneer, you know.
Very thin skinned.
Pennsylvania Burrow Bands Gate Discrimination.
Council members unanimously passed an ordinance in New Hope, Pennsylvania that made New Hope the first small town in Pennsylvania to ban discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.
The ordinance approved Tuesday, Bands Discrimination and Housing Employment and Public Commodations.
Very similar to the one that's on the books and there's still a lot of books in date, how they should point out in spite of our good Christian friends which will get to in a minute.
Jerry Delvitch, the councilwoman who introduced the bill for the ordinance said New Hope and a clectic mix of antique stores, vote teaks and restaurants about 30 miles north of Philadelphia is a popular home for gay men and lesbians.
Stacy Sobel, the executive director of the Center for Lesbian and Gays Civil Rights and other local governments around the stable past summer ordinances.
The Bureau of New Hope has set a precedent for tolerance in its community.
Sobel said.
Let's hear it for New Hope.
There you go.
Voters keep Miami dates, gay rights law.
The final margin by the way was 53 to 47% when they finally got everything all tallyed up.
Pretty close, six points.
The poll, remember we had that poll last week, 20 points?
Forget about it, like I told you.
Because when they take polls on that, a lot of people lie because they know it's not politically correct to go into the voting booth and vote to discriminate to vote their hate.
Now this story, there's two different stories here and I want you to listen to the difference.
Sunsend more.
Voters keep Miami dates, gay rights law.
Miami dates, gay rights ordinance with stood a challenge from Christian conservatives as voters reject that they propose a proposal to repeal the law.
The county's political and business leaders had pushed for the ordinance's retention, fearing a boycott from gay and liberal groups and the rejection of the region's bid to hold the 2004 Democratic National Convention.
That was the why Penga Puccane was on board, so heavy duty.
You know what?
Phoney, a little hypocrite.
Well, let's see.
I'm a bug.
I told you 53 to 47.
Like I just said, the measure would have repealed an amendment to the county's human rights ordinance that vans discrimination based on sexual orientation and housing employment, lending and public accommodations.
Supporters and opponents of the ordinance waited until the last night for a final tally of votes as election officials wrangled with technical glitches and other problems that delayed the county's ballot count.
Here comes the best part.
Miami, Dave County mayor Alex Penga Puccane and outspoken supporter of the law said the repeals the feet, reinforced Miami's image as a progressive world class city.
And here comes the here comes the dumbest quote in the history of the human race.
All ethnic groups were on the same page on this issue today, panel said there's no room for discrimination of any sort where a community of inclusion and we sent a very strong message.
All ethnic groups are on the same page.
I guess you must have missed the point that the Hispanic voters voted 63 to 37 to support repeal.
Let me say it again, 63 to 37, while the dark folks in Dave County voted 54 and a half to 44 and a half against repeal and the non-latent whites voted 73.7% to 26.3 against repeal.
But according to mayor Penga Puccane, who continues pandering until his penis almost falls off, we're all the ethnic groups are on the same page.
Guess what mayor? As you wish, we're full of crap.
Alladio Jose, our master of take back Miami-Date coalition that spearheaded the repeal efforts had only a rigged vote could have resulted in the victory for the law of supporters and planned to call for an investigation of the matter.
The Christian coalition was one of the coalition's key members.
Antibiot Peal forces are in control of the mayor's office in the Department of Elections, our master said a similar ordinance was repealed in 1977 after beauty queen and orange juice queen spokesperson Anita Bryant led a successful campaign for its repeal.
He writes where restored 1998 after new ordinance was passed into law, yada yada yada, and then you get to the Harold story, which is a toll different tune.
By the way, we'll get to the Johnny and I just send what's your name?
Kim Hunter. Come on, you better get with it now that you know who that is, Kim Hunter.
The thing she's keen to tab hunter, I doubt it.
That'd be a good pull question. Can I smush macho, tab hunter or Kim Hunter? And who was doing Tony Perkins?
Harold says, narrow victory for gay rights and date. The fight to preserve a date county law that protects people from discrimination based on their sexual orientation has succeeded a Harold analisation of uncounted precincts indicates.
They're all counted by the way, but that's what happens when you got a newspaper. You have to put it in a bed like one or two in the morning.
Leaders of no discrimination, the last save day, the group leading the fight against repeal effort claim victory Wednesday with results available from all but a few precincts.
The repeal supporters vowed to mount a petition drive to try again.
And that repeal leaders took satisfaction to win, although the margin of victory in Tuesday's referendum vote was less than they hoped and substantially lower than a Harold slash NBC six poll last week predicted.
Six points is still six points. It's not chum change in the count of this size said George Mursouli, one of St. O's organizers, take back co-chairman Nathaniel Wilcox called the election of travesty instead of the group intends to redouble its efforts.
The group forced the referendum vote would lead 2000 petition drive that while successful, triggered a criminal inquiry that recently led to the rest of four group members.
Whatever happens if push comes to shove will start gathering signatures again, Wilcox said. Barbissa and Goymes, what he's talking about.
Just because we're not successful this time around, we're not giving up. We will not be slighted. We're not discouraged. We are emboldened.
He be saying will cox said that anti-refield groups outspent take back by considerable margin as much as send to one campaign finance record show.
They spent millions of dollars to defeat our efforts will cox said as we operate and we operate on a shoe stream budget and we did excellent.
Wilcox noted the group's initial petition drive early 2000 failed. He said the second referendum could put the repeal moving over the top.
Where do we get to the part about the ethnic thing?
A poll conducted for the heraldin and NBC six last week showed the repeal being defeated by about 20 percentage points.
A much wider margin than the apparent six percentage points difference on Tuesday.
Political analysts say polls on proxies subjects such as gay rights, immigrants and minority rights often miss the mark.
On polls like this people often give the socially desirable answer and don't want to admit to somebody they don't know that they're a homophobic said Kevin Hill, a political science professor at FI&U.
Kill added that support for the anti-repeal cause from business elected leaders did little dissuade voters.
While who listens to the beacon council? My voter cares what they think he said about the county's economic development arm.
It makes sure that opinion leaders do not have the same kind of influence over people on personal issues like this.
One voting block that seemed to take back respond to take back the emotional appeal was his spanic voters who blocked back the repeal 63 to 37% of the county's sample of predominantly Hispanic precincts.
And by the way we want to get the Puerto Ricans and the Nicaragua and the Colombians and the Hondurans and the Brazilians off the hook because Miguel I hate to say it while you're sitting there and of course George is saying yesterday.
But it was Cubans okay all Cubans which will get to a second the other ethnic groups black and non-Hispanic white supposed repeal I give you the numbers here comes another big fat silly person political consultant Armando Gutiérrez said he believes a misinformation campaign targeting elderly Cuban voters kept the ball and in close to even he admits it.
Miguel you notice with silent.
In my conversations with voters there was a lot of confusion he said they were saying I cannot allow people in the same sex to get married and I told them the ordinance wouldn't do this I believe a lot of the scare tactics worked.
How do you like that huh so the old Cubans thought it meant well the problem is the old Cubans are stupid is the problem.
So I think the way to solve that in the future from not just this election every other issue told us the old Cubans votes starting on November 5th.
So you know the ones we're talking about the ones we're out there in front of the goddamn Gonzalez House over there with Lazaro and what was your name Mara Screcias for that crowd you know the ones we're talking about the ones that always have the community whipped up into an uproar about crap those are the ones no more voting privilege for them in fact if you try to vote on November 5th they're all going back on the banana boat all those old Cubans big of the dance holes.
How do you like that to play that game who got wrong there's another one for you take that.
And you know what's Miguel is in there are you got a thumb in his mouth 90 90 votes on a pool what do you call soft drinks soda 50.
Yeah I'll have a cheeseburger in a soda and a diet soda.
First of all when you're in a restaurant you order like coke and I'll say oh well you only have Pepsi is that okay I was sure that's even better right or thing.
Yeah yeah I mean I'll have a large coke or a small of vanilla coke or a larger coke classic soda 50 coke 24 I don't ever drink that Schmidt eight pop five hey come on let's get some Canadians upstate New Yorkers on air huh only five pop is our middle name in upstate New York and tonic three that would be like asking what do you call hot dogs and of course like you know Texas hot colonies that will do that like some other day that's a good one weeners there's a whole bunch of names for hot dogs.
Red hot white hot fact wonder if you guys call Wayne Arnold maybe they'll bring you some good idea there you go sing leave it to me even I'm sitting here not any food during the show which is another reason the show is improved so dramatically is I'm not sitting here with a mouthful while I'm on the air 956 at 5.60 now when I was in Amsterdam I might have had a mouthful but that's a different story and I did not I was almost never on here from any way was I.
How many shows that I do from there like one.
I would much rather have done the show than be sick most of the time was not the most pleasant summers okay with a nasty sign in fact and affection for.
Man what a pain in the ass that was but thanks to my good friend doctor ham thanks remember.
Anyway let me tell you again about your hair blowing all over the place because it's thin and wispy in fact maybe some of you guys only have just a handful of hairs left you can probably count them.
And then of course the next day half of those are gone like vocal Brian you can count his hairs like in 10 seconds but if you want to get some hair back and look better and younger than you have in a long time you know the answer we've been telling about Charles Alfieri for a very long time on his show because he's the best he's got the natural hairline system you know that's your choice you need to get yourself some great looking here that looks like it's going out of your scalp which is what Charlie specializes in or you can have a mostly looking the thing it looks like a farm animal died right on the top of your head like Bob Eisenberg there is one of the I hear the rumor has he's got a new piece is that true.
Okay that's why I heard of course you don't probably don't see him I didn't see him either when I was down there Bob Eisenberg got a new piece and he still looks like a silly ass so you choices that you can either look like him or like mo which we don't even want to get into that looks like somebody took a bunch of cashmere code OK and just ported on top of his piece you know on top of a dead rat but if you want to look sensational better and younger than you have in years call Charles Alfieri at this number toll free 1 800 3 2 1 24 13 mentioned my name you'll get 300 bucks extra off the regular price because the summer special is contained.
I'm continuing right now so it's the smart time to get you some here 1 800 3 2 1 24 13 there's no obligation to show you how much better when younger Charlie can make you look or check it out on their website if you like it Charles Alfieri dot com.
Why in local here sports video 5 60 you a you a yeah what's going about that county.
You know sweetheart these times we live and have me fight and I wish there was a place to go where we could feel safe honey this might just be the
time to move to a bump. I thought it was an Egypt why there's a bump right here in America here you know East
Bump and let me tell you there was nothing in bump that any terrorist from one of its act.
What about bump.
It extends it to live in bump.
Bump is cheap but we have to act fast if you want to live in bump because everyone's going to want to move to bump.
Very very soon.
But what bump become a target once everyone moves to bump.
Oh get well cross that bridge when we come to it.
Okay Bob sounds like bump for us.
Bump because the safest place to be right now is out in the middle of.
Bump.
10 or 205 60 WQ I am.
That's usually coming trees were discussing that before the show this morning for some strange reason.
That's the famous celebrities coming trees and we got to now from yesterday to the right tragic story.
I wonder who the third one's going to be.
But got about it.
Okay.
Hall of Fame quarterback John United's dies of heart attack at 69.
Oh.
John United's the Hall of Fame quarterback who broke nearly every NFL passing record won three championships for the Baltimore Colts in an 18 year career.
Die yesterday at the age of 69.
United's died of a heart attack Baltimore Raven spokesman Chad Steele said.
Steele had no other details.
United's underwent emergency triple bypass surgery in March 93 after a heart attack.
Do you think that might have something to do with it.
Could be.
Johnny you with his trademark crew cut in black high tops was the first to throw for 40,000 yards and our ranks seven.
Sir passed by a group of quarterbacks who played after him with rules that make passing easier like Tom Brady.
Now he's not passed him yet.
How about those patriots, baby?
I noticed nobody on the station still wants to give many credit.
They still don't believe I believe.
I got that sports illustrator right over here.
I look at it and I believe.
United's retired 1973 season with 22 NFL records yadda yadda yadda yadda.
He'll be always a legendary name in the NFL history league commissioner Paul Taglia.
Boo Boo said one of the greatest quarterbacks to ever play the game.
He put him eyes the position with his leadership skills and his ability to perform under pressure on the NFL's 50th anniversary in 1969.
United's was voted the greatest quarterback of all time.
It was also selected a quarterback to the NFL's all time team in 2000 by 36 pro football Hall of Fame voters.
There goes on for like pages and pay.
Am I going to read it?
No, he's dead.
Johnny United's is dead.
There's one number two.
Kim Hunter who won Oscar for role of Stella Stella in a street car named is there to die at 79.
Kim Hunter won a supporting Oscar in 1951 as the long suffering Stella in a street car named is dire and appeared in three
plan of the eight movies that Wednesday she was 79.
Hunter apparently suffered a heart attack under Greenisville's department said her daughter Catherine Emmeth.
The actress enjoyed a long and busy career in theater but less than films partly because she was blacklisted during the red hunting, the red baiting 1950s.
The ugly McCarthy era McCarthy era Kim Hunter was a fine actress in a wonderful person.
St. actor Charlton Heston who co-starred in Planet of the Apes the world is lost in unique talent.
Well, he's thinking remember who she was.
I was going to say he remembered.
I remember.
I think that's a positive thing.
You son of a bitch.
A street car named is there was the highlight of Hunter's career.
The play was a cast with Marlon Brando as Stanley Kowalski Carl Maldon as Mitch.
But I got to say Carl Maldon is a good actor.
Is he still alive?
I believe so.
He's still alive.
Good actor.
He was in all fall down streets of San Francisco.
He was Mitch in street car named desire which I just said.
And Jessica Tandy is the transient co-blants Dubois director Elias Cazanne admitted in his autobiography a life that he had trouble casting still because I endure looking at girls he said.
He added of Hunter the minute I saw her I was attracted to which is the best possible reaction when you're casting young women.
Brando Maldon and Hunter played their roles in the somewhat sanctified the sanitized film version.
Hunter Maldon Vivian Lee is Blance won Academy Awards.
Despite his unforgettable performance, Brando did not.
I wonder if he would have sent that little Indian girl up there to get it if he would have won it.
Hunter told the New Orleans Times picking in the 1990s that after she left street car she tried to avoid seeing the play with other cast.
It's simply that I have no objectivity about it she said.
It was so much a part of my life will be unfair to the productions and the performers.
Hunter subsequent films were few and they lacked a lustre of street car among them.
Deadline USA is newspaper editor Humphrey Bogart's estranged wife remember that?
No, never heard of it.
Anything can happen as Russian immigrant Jose for where is wife remember that one?
No.
Neither do I.
Storm Center a minor film starring Betty Davis of course you know that.
Oh no!
Never heard of it.
And the young stranger and permute affair I never heard of any of those so.
She was a good actress though Kim Hunter she was okay in our book and now she's dead.
Speaking of depressing things Howard Kurtz and I generally can't stand Howard Kurtz.
He's always on CNN every Sunday in that awful show.
What's the name of that show where they supposedly rip the media?
I don't know what the name I can never remember the name of the show.
And I don't want to know the name of the show because it's a bad show.
And they pretend that they're like self analyzing the media in their full of crap.
And he also wrote that ass-talking book about the stock market in which he licked Jim Krener's a butthole about 8-1000 times.
God Jim Krener doesn't belong on here just to say hello and go buy who's a madman
which shows you that the gambling channel is totally responsible and so far this morning
before Greenspan opens up his big-quality post markets take another precipitous crap.
Television marks somber anniversary rights Howard Kurtz and the Washington Post.
And like I said I think he's usually full of crap but I happen to think this is pretty good article.
He says it was a day that will keep living in infamy thanks to television.
And now they're at the UN. There's some Jews from Israel.
The smoke, the sirens, the twisted steel, the suit covered masses running in terror.
We saw them all again today on every network and almost every hour indeed we had no choice.
And you are absolutely correct. Absolutely man we're air air even a goddamn comedy channel they were doing it.
There was a touching moment of silence today 46 a.m. the first moment of impact of the twin towers.
But no other silence on the air during the day long remembrance of tragedy packaged and narrated by America's anchors.
They were in charge of setting the emotional tone just like a year ago.
It was a quiet somber respectful tone even as they replayed their own words during those hours of death and destruction.
Even as they orchestrated the instant replay horror like an endless of prudor film not no one's as not one suspect for the last time.
9-11 Redux was a moment both made for television and larger than television as Rudy Giuliani began reading the names of the deceased of the strains of Yo-Yo Maz cello.
Yo-Yo-Yo-Ma? Yo-Yo-Hoo?
Yo-Yo-Yo-Maz cello a long slow cadence continued by others through the A's and V's.
Television was forced to stop. There was no theme music, no anchor chat, no hopscotching to far-flung locales.
Well, would ordinarily be deemed too dull for broadcast could not be abandoned in mid-sentence.
Agile cameraman captured shots of crying relatives in the crowd in case anyone was missing the point.
And by the way you'll notice, with everybody's always noticed, the one thing television news likes more than anything else is catching people crying.
Am I right?
Very symbolic.
So they're obsessed with that.
I'm not talking about actors. I'm talking about like real life people crying and they keep the camera on like for an embarrassing length of time and just the tragic.
Journalistic convention of the day ruled the day from the moment the morning shows had the trade center collapsing and the Pentagon smoldering because quite simply use your most dramatic footage on television.
Even if we all seen it a thousand times and countless times more in our heads, even if it still has the power to see her 365 days later.
How tough is this day for you, Dan Ratheres, Kristy Fierer, who lost her husband in the lower Manhattan carnage? It's the time to heal, she said now.
The victims and survivors were everywhere. Diane Sorrel, he'll Jill Gartenberg's baby. She recalled her husband's last words, your obligatory wedding picture was shown.
A sort of officials made the electronic rounds, Julianne on ABC, Michael Bloomberg, CBS, New York Fire Chief Nicholas Scapeta on CNN, then Julianne on CNN, Bloomberg on Fox News, Scapeta on MSNBC.
Lincoln, Churchill and Twain were quoted.
Kim Russell said George Bush had to be the healer in chief. A small orange box at the screens bottom reminded us of the high terror alert now as much of a fact of life as the temperature or the Dow.
There were no commercials thankfully. ABC handled the moment of silence definitely as its camera switching from New York to Washington to London to Afghanistan.
ABC also showed the most disaster footage as in a there-day minute-by-minute reconstruction of destruction.
Fox intended to justify its own reprise of the pictures. We do not air them lightly, Anchor John Scott said.
We feel it's important for this nation to remember why we're at war, as if anyone could have forgotten.
As if the most hide-bound cab driver needed the media's help to recall what happened on 9-11, as if we all have been reminded every day since then.
Soon television was engaged in a split-screen morning zipping from ground zero to Arlington to the crash site in Changsville, Pennsylvania.
When defense secretary Rumsfeld spoke at the Pentagon, NBC was the only network to blow him off as Katie Kuerk interviewed an American soldier in Afghanistan and on the right half of the screen his wife and darling little girl is Kuerk put it in Boston.
We now go back to the Pentagon where another somber ceremony is taking place. Kuerk said, but Matt Lauer talked over Rumsfeld and NBC quickly switched back to ground zero where relatives were laying flags and flowers on the hallowed ground.
ABC and CNN also focused on New York where young Brittany Clark was remembering her father while CBS, MSNBC and Fox struck with Rumsfeld.
Giorringly, the remembrance seemed to compete with each other just after 10 a.m. CNN was covering the ringing bells in Changsville to commemorate those who battled the hijackers on flight 93 when a head to switch to the Pentagon for President Bush's speech on those who were killed because they were Americans.
Once the president had finished the talking heads took back to the airwaves while CNN and MSNBC went back to Pennsylvania for a Tom Ridge speech, Tom broke off Kuerk and Lauer held forth on NBC, Peter Jennings endured step on top of us on ABC and rather involved sheifer on CBS.
Somehow the coverage was taking on the familiar media babble feel of a political convention or inauguration.
At one point a sergeant made a station and a major station of the Pentagon told CBS that it was like being in hell a feeling we could all share today says Howard Kurtz.
Now he's going there Howard a feeling we could all share today. Oh brother. Thank God the media doesn't overdo things you know what boy.
And then Tom jikers which will get to after the break eat little Tommy jikers gonna come even even added that to his cooking show schedule that let's hear for Tommy working heavy duty baby two articles today and a cooking show schedule for little Tom jikers on Central.
Is he doing it or what? No.
136 votes on our soda pool. What do you call soft drinks and I see some people will say well gee this is in the very intellectual but of course not we need to lighten up a little bit.
Okay and what's wrong with the goddamn soda or pop anyway huh and if you don't like it will give you a pop.
So to 81 coke 31 boy that even closes it and you want to know why that is why that because we have an enormous number of people from the northeast as you know from New York bossed in whatever in South Florida right.
Yep and they say soda all of them each and everyone except of course for the people in Boston who call it tonic which I never met one of those.
Thank thankfully coke 31 I don't ever drink that Schmidt 14 pop seven and tonic only three and I think those three probably just fun enough don't you think.
They can't really say tonic.
No I mean I wouldn't even say fizzy drink before I say tonic tonic sounds like something you take like a burium in them with a tonic right.
My rhymes with colonic tonic stick some tonic in your colonic and man clean out your like crazy 12 minutes after 10 to 5 60 WQ I am let me tell you where to stick your butt and that's on a great new mattress from dial amatrus that's the way to do it I've been telling you for a very long time how fat boy doing is he going to send me any new copy this year no he's too busy stuck in the toilet.
He's locked in there he tried wheeling his way back in there in the handicraft thing you can't get out just stuck in there anyway if you want a great new mattress when the old one is not doing a good job on you in your back call 1 800 mattress because dial amatrus of the people who give you a better deal all the way around first of all you don't have to leave your house you just make that one easy call and talk to people who know their craft secondly they give you like a phenomenal deal as far as price except every day prices and selection they got them all they got the top brands in the world SIRTA SEEDY SIMONS KING CORE and because they got the deepest selection they're going to be a lot of people who are going to be a lot of people who are going to be a lot of people who are going to be a lot of people who are going to be a lot of people who are going to be a lot of people who are going to be a lot of people who are going to be a lot of people
who always got the one you want in stock ready for immediate delivery they got the best you're going on delivery any tour window that's convenient for you when you're going to be there 11 to 1, 2, 2 to 4, 3 to 5, 5 to 7 you got it you starting to catch on and that 30 day in home comfort guarantee and by the way delivery is any day of the week 7 days a week so if you want to get you a great new mattress it's going to last you when you give your great nights sleep for years to come pick up that phone just make one easy call the dial amatrus that's what I do call 1 800 mattress 1 800 MACTTRES or check them out in a way of that mattress.com
And look, this is 4.050.
You ain't way here.
Holy mackenon, this is Jobol on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs,
and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God!
Hey, Oven! Are you okay?
Wow, I was trying to take my morning D, and felt like I was on fire!
Woo-hoo!
Uh-oh, sounds like you might have an STD.
STD? You mean I'm getting motor oil?
No, an STD.
You know, a sexually transmitted disease?
I bet you're getting some STD chipmunker things out on the corner.
Oven, did you forget to wrap that rascal?
But we only did it once.
That's only fixed, ya big said.
Now you have to go to the doctor and put some medicine.
Wow, looks like I learned a valuable lesson today!
Woo-hoo!
One thing is staring tape from Tana Fairings,
there to go with bird without you!
A ride!
1017-560 WQM,
even the chipmunks you got from, you know what I'm saying?
No biggie, I beg your pardon?
Nobody's safe.
Oh, and can I ask you this question because I'm watching Coffey Annan.
Okay. You win.
And I'm wondering, is she from Paris,
just akin to Tony Perez, you think?
There's Coffey!
Or in the world,
that all Iraq's weapons of master struck him.
He wants those inspectors back in here.
Now, President, he's going to be speaking to you.
And I have no idea what time that is, but I'm afraid it may be dangerously soon.
You think we ought to put some of that on when he speaks?
Yeah, well, we'll play it by you.
Yeah, you want to hear it because you're a bush-licker, okay?
You're not fooling any of us.
We know how you voted on that referendum on Tuesday.
You're not fooling us.
Might he call on? Might he call on? See, this is another guy.
He sucks up because he's making a big bucks on his show.
Now, when I watch this story, let me ask you this question.
You're replacing George in there today because George is out sick.
Are you going to get paid for this?
No.
What kind of a racket have they got going on in that goddamn place?
Anyway, what do you like?
Some kind of a puppet on a string?
Well, I'm here for George. Give him what they offer.
I see. In other words, you're doing it for your buddy because then he'll let you do what he's running the night.
Maybe he'll get you in with the Zo-Britain.
Zoe. Yeah. Is that her name, Zoe?
Well, yeah, girl, there's Zoe. See, Zoe.
Zoe's like a Lanzo.
Yeah. Well, maybe she looks like a Lanzo.
Maybe she got a pretty large penis.
Could be.
I guess you'll find out tonight at the Treasure Island.
Don't forget, McGarlin, George, and the Bokobrine and a bunch of other very desperate guys are going to, well, I guess you're not desperate.
We'll be there five to seven tonight at Treasure Island.
Just off the Palmetto north of the 120-second street exit.
We'll have our usual crappy QA and prizes and, but why is there specials?
And Zoe, Britain.
Well, why didn't you correct me on that the first time I read it?
All right.
You were just going to sit there and let me read it wrong all day long.
In addition to which nobody calls anybody Zo.
You know, if the Lanzo is their first name, they're called Zo, I guess.
Like a Lanzo. You're so big, it's had her been so on.
And we wouldn't want to make a fight because he's got that kidney thing, you know.
We don't want to make fun of him.
Isn't that in bad taste?
Yeah, watch out with Zo.
Boy, the future is scary, right?
Big Arnie, one of our most chronic factors of all time.
He says his Jews become smaller and smaller percentage of population because it's the liberal Jews that help keep freedom for minorities in our society.
And also they help keep a lack of censorship in the media.
Whether or not people believe in the non-existent God, the Jews as a race of people are the most prominent liberals keeping this country from these crazy thinking nuts like the Christian Coalition.
And by the way, Jeffy knew your Arnie, whatever you say.
Now here's Tom Jikers thing. I know we get to it.
I bet she's got their radio cranked up so a lot. He's getting vibrations from it.
You know, Tom, who doesn't like the way that this show, you know, Tom, you're entitled to your opinion.
If you don't like the way the show is now, that's fine. You don't have to listen.
Listen to Lord acid. And then he's right up your alley.
Listen to what's his name, Bill O'Donnell.
O'Reilly. I like Bill O'Donnell better.
You know, Bill O'Donnell, a magic man.
Let's start doing harness racing names. Elmer Conrad.
Time on their hands to fill a rights time, Jikin, today's sun,
sent along with the cooking show schedules in there too.
The first anniversary of 9-11 brought more of TV's finest hours.
Unfortunately, only two or three were in Wednesday's marathon coverage,
which began before dawn and extended past midnight.
And by the way, we're still going on this morning, Tom.
The medium's unparalleled ability to bring the nation together was reiterated
by the stirring images transmitted from morning ceremonies in Lower Manhattan.
At the Pentagon and the field in Shanksville, Pennsylvania,
were flight 93 dove to its death.
The aspect of the commemorations with the greatest potential for tedium,
the three hour recitation of those who died at the World Trade Center,
produced moving scenes which will live forever with those who witnessed them.
Historian Doris Curran's good one on NBC noted that as staggering as the death toll was,
the litany was a reminder that each victim was not just an individual loss,
but a source of overwhelming sorrow for everyone who knew and loved them.
Many survivors were seen sobbing as they walked on the seven-story ramp to ground zero,
where they placed a flower in a circle of honor,
summed up in the wind-whip dirt to scoop up soil,
for many it was a substitute for the mains of loved ones whose bodies will never be recovered.
ABC's Peter Jennings occasionally interjected personal details of those who lost their lives
at their workplace who tried to save the lives of others.
WPLG channel 10 split the screen between the ABC feed
and locally generated shots of ceremonies in South Florida, including an assembly
at Fort Lauderdale's Lockhart Stadium.
A last the biggest public wake in the nation's history as CNN's Bill Hemerdub today
was essentially over by noon, which left the networks eight hours to vamp until the evening events,
kept by an address to the nation by President Bush.
Incident history gave way to mockish reminences and unproductive finger pointing and monotonous rehashes.
Predictably, the networks couldn't resist filling time with some of the most disturbing footage from last 9-11.
ABC was the most frequent offender, but every network found a backdoor way to justify
reusing tape all had promised they would use with great discretion.
ABC went a step beyond exhibiting still shots of traits and a workers leaping to their deaths,
images that for the most part of the public had to mercifully spirit.
You know, my luck, I happen to be channel surfing at that time, just when they put that crap on last night.
And I sat there with my mouth a gait, you know what I mean?
I'm thinking, why are they showing this? Did you see them?
No, fortunately I missed that.
The pictures of the people, I mean we've seen the moving pictures of people jumping out of the buildings,
but they showed the freeze frames still shot, and were just sick, really sick.
And they showed like a whole stare until I found out, I don't know, they may still be shown for all I know
because I finally am moved on.
There was so much time to fill in so little compelling material to do it, so it's Tommy,
that video librarians must have been the busiest people at the networks.
Nevertheless, these rehashes were more compelling than the town meeting,
a cavalcade of talking head saying nothing fronted by NBC's Tom Broca.
The sign fell gang had a celebrated buzz phrase, which perfectly described the lumbering three hours,
yada yada yada.
It was a welcome respite when local channels butted in several times for updates
on the latest election fiasco in South Florida, and a violent storm which was menacing Broward County,
the latter proved to be a false alarm, but it's still a matter of the closest thing to anything significant
on the year-all afternoon.
Right, Tom Jekker, not bad, Tom.
Not bad, keep working on it, you'll get there.
Not as good as the Howard Kurtz column, but then again, he writes for the Washington Post,
not the Florida Sun Sentinel.
Get on with it, writes, Christine Oblizard in the Toronto Sun.
There were some pretty heavy duty stuff up here, and you know what I'm not using most of it?
That article from the Toronto Star read a few days ago, that was excellent.
Magnificent, did you hear that, of course not.
You were listening to that crack.
Nope, you were in the back room doing durin, no doubt.
Get on with it.
Well, not that.
Morning, that's with you.
Morning, and maybe she's talking about a lot of morning.
It should be private, not themed to the world on CNN, she says.
What an excellent point.
What more can one person write about today that hasn't already been said about that awful morning a year ago
and planes brought down the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center slammed into the Pentagon and crashed into a field in Pennsylvania.
We've lived and relived those gaspley images.
We've read the point in stories of so many people cut down in the prime of their lives.
And of course we should all pause to pay our respects to innocent victims of those dreadful acts.
But after today we need to move on, says Christine.
Over the past year we've seen an orgy of grief, and rightly so, what's so many taken so brutally,
I guess we all need the time to reflect on our collective laws.
Frankly though, some of the memorials are becoming mockish and embarrassingly tacky,
that I feel sorry for the families of the victims.
How can they mourn and come to terms with their grief when we expect them to carry the rest of the world along with them?
Public tributes have been so frequent, so inappropriate, and so modelled that they only serve to open still raw wounds.
I feel for those people not only must they cope with their losses,
they have to somehow, through their grief, come from the broader population as they come to grips with what happened.
Morning is no longer a private thing, it must be done in front of the world on CNN.
I'm not sure if it's just the U.S. is a young nation or if it's simply that they ever present TV cameras have changed the way we mourn,
but it seems to me that grief these days has expressed far differently than it once was.
And this is not necessarily a good thing.
I suspect it's TV that has changed everything.
In Britain for example, when John F. Kennedy was assassinated, the BBC pulled all programming
and ran only an image of a globe turning to funeral music.
Now they'd run endless replays on CNN.
But how much comfort or spiritual healing do you get from a daily dose of TV-driven hysteria?
It seems to me that Brits had the most meaningful response after 9-11,
to Queen Order of the Playing of the Star Spangled Banner outside Buckingham Palace that they after the attacks,
not just a comfort American tourist ran into London, but as a gesture of solidarity and defiance in the face of tragedy.
And it seems to me this is what's been lacking in American response.
There's no stiff upper lip.
Oh sure if you drive South, you'll see plenty of bumper sticker outrage and flag waving,
but you shouldn't confuse Jingle with the kind of steamy determination you saw in the two world wars.
My parents lived through the London Blitz for three years along with millions of others.
They spent nights hurling in air raid shelters as wave after wave of bombers devastated the city.
As a London police officer, my dad used to go out, have to go out in the blackout.
Every day the city would awake to new devastation.
It Londoners didn't panic. Of course they had strong leadership.
Not only did Winston Churchill's order to reg get them through, the King and Queen's stoic support for working people gave them courage.
Can John Crachan and George Bush come anywhere close?
It's the same kind of strength you see from that generation of Canadians who served overseas in the war.
Came home and said very little of what they had done.
One man I know spent months in a German prisoner of war camp and almost starved to death on a fourth march.
Another widow told me about her merchant marine husband, who ran convoy in the Atlantic Pacific and in the Inotions.
For a P-03 times it wasn't something he talked about.
You came home, you got on with it and you coped without grief counselors because back then that was the way it was.
In Israel every day it seems, cafes are blown to bits by suicide bombers yet as radies continue to go about their daily lives in defiance of the terrorists.
One of the oddest incidents over the past year was the bid to carry the ground zero stars and stripes flag in the Olympic Stadium.
I couldn't help wondering why you'd want to carry a symbol of destruction for all the world to see.
That flag belongs to the past, it should be in the Smithsonian as a reminder of those dreadful events.
And Americans should carry the biggest proudest flag they can find at international events to ensure you can't keep a great nation down.
So let's mark the anniversary today with Salam Reflection and with heartfelt sympathies for those whose lives are ripped apart by the attacks.
But as a society America must move on before it becomes paralyzed by self-pity.
Good call by Christina Blige and the Toronto Sun, eh?
Two, good.
1027 at 560.
WQM, how is Todd Directo and haven't seen him in a while?
He's still the same asshole?
Sure.
That's what I'm here. That's the report we're hearing up here in Toronto. Todd Direct's name asshole.
Let me tell you if you want to get out of a dead-end job and start making some real big bucks like Todd is making and we have no idea why he's making it.
Get yourself a great job and of course the way to do that is become a computer professional.
How do you do that? Well you find a good school that'll help you do it.
There's only one that's got four convenient locations all over Dayton, Brown.
Not of course a new one and kindle included.
There's one school that's got certified Microsoft instructors convenient to evening weekend classes.
One school that's got full-time job development department over 30 years experience.
When you go to fast train you can complete your program, get certified in just four short months.
Hands on training we're talking about.
And like I said, it's fast train.
That's the school you ought to need to be getting with.
You've heard us talk about him for a long time.
So today if you want to get you a real career and start making a paycheck as we're talking about,
get off your butt, pick up that phone and call fast train.
Be sure and tell him Todd Direct recommended that you call 1-866 fast train.
That's 1-866 fast train or check them out on that wicked worldwide web at fasttrain.com.
And look all this is 420560.
Way to way.
I don't know what it is.
It's too cool.
The folding commercial was childishly edited from its original form into our own perverted version.
Any reassambulio in actual commercial about this program is fairly adolescent in no way affiliated with the advertiser.
But it does make us laugh.
What's in your ice cream?
Power for a BD80.
It sounds like Tupi.
Now check out Briar's in the black pack.
Now, sugar, cream and natural butter.
Briar's ice cream.
It's only natural.
It made me go up.
Oh, you know what?
I forgot to mention again I've been last promo.
That bull is a terrible skill.
Oh!
Yeah, I forgot to keep reminding that to the audience.
Another cream puff.
Another walkover.
Pretty soon they're going to start playing high school teams.
Look at this.
We scored 400 points this week.
We're number one, baby.
Anyway, it makes the people feel better.
You know, they can't do an election right, but they sure got some football teams.
So here's a facts from Malarie who says the Catholic movie board was called the Legion of Legion.
You're a decency.
You're correct, Larry.
Kit Carson, the western show from the 50s, the actor named on one of me, Miri Della Street
from the Paramation Show, and their kid played the part of hero.
Yeah, their kid was William Cat.
Yeah.
Some of the greatest American hero.
Mm-hmm.
Flanheaded William Cat.
And Kit Carson, I guess somebody could look that up on the internet, right?
Maybe a re-chuck could look that up.
Kit Carson, western show.
You think?
He's working on it.
I'm sure he is.
Is he going to give me that information about getting rid of the spam, by the way, because I can't get it up.
You'll get it to you.
Oh, seriously, he gave me the name of the thing, and I checked it out, and I tried to add a weird, and I tried to download it, and it wouldn't like a...
It wouldn't download.
I've got a whole bunch of sites here listed, all.
I'll get a copy of that.
Excellent.
Okay, also it says on election day, close government offices and...
Use...
Close government offices and use that workforce to carry on the election process.
Well, that's not a bad idea.
It should be an actual holiday.
I mean, the idea that we have elections, we're always vision and belly-ick at about the fact that not enough people vote, and then they get there, and they have to wait like two hours, they still can't vote, and then a bunch of 400-year-old assholes have no idea what they're doing, and they give them the wrong balance.
And this is a goddamn country where we really want to...
We don't want to have people vote.
We don't want to have a lot of people vote.
In fact, if you were a number of people can vote, then the easier it is to control and find a few dead people to like get the outcome you're looking for.
This next story is so important that I...
Looking through my stack here, through my piles, I realize that I printed this out twice, and once you hear it, you'll understand why, okay?
Maybe it has significant meaning to me.
London.
Scientists in the US have come up with news that may help millions of men.
They've succeeded in growing major parts of penises in the laboratory.
The headline on this is, research holds hope for genuinely challenged men.
The test tube penal parts were successful, they used to rebuild the members of rabbits,
who after rest and recuperation, put them to the use that rabbits are famous for.
They were able to copulate, penetrate, and produce sperm, Anthony Atala, whose team in Harvard Medical School carried out the experiments.
They told new scientists magazine.
He said the researchers were not trying to grow entire penises in the test tube.
Oh my God!
What's that in that test tube?
It's a penis.
He also said the technique was an early stage it would be a while before the technique was tried with human tissue.
I wonder if Jan has got one of those.
The scientists had only been successful in growing the erectile tissues of rabbit penises, not the entire organ,
and all cases the erect member had been reduced firmness of a 60-year-old against that of a more virile 30-year-old.
The reduced firmness of a 60-year-old.
Well, I got news for you, Mr. Rabbit, okay?
I got a real surprise for you, sweetheart, and it's about the size you can relate to.
I would say that I have like, you know, kind of like a rabbit penis.
People smuggled by air candidate travel.
All my friends in air candidate are not going to be too happy with this story,
and it's from the Toronto Starry, so it's not some propaganda from some other foreign country.
This has been going on for years at Heathrow Airport, they say.
London, a British airport security officer charged with smuggling people on air candidate flights to Canada,
said the practice is widespread and has been going on at Heathrow Airport for years.
Ever been in Heathrow in London? It's a dump.
It is a real dump, and the other problem is, you know, what the other thing is, too many brits there.
Anthony Krieger, a supervisor with a security firm employed by air candidate at Heathrow,
testified at his trial yesterday that he was part of a ring that led people aboard air candidate flights
with fake or stolen passports from 1998 to May 2001 when he was arrested.
And of course, that was a great time for it, too, isn't it?
This has always been going on. Krieger told the court in the London suburb,
unless the government spends a hell of a lot of money on security at the airport, it would be impossible to stop it.
Krieger's testimony raises serious questions about security and one of the world's busiest and dumpiest airports,
especially in the wake of the terrorist attacks last year.
Detective Inspector Mark Pepper, in a relation to Claude,
seen an investigating officer for Scotland Yards Human Smuggling Unit at Heathrow,
estimated in the interview that hundreds likely boarded Canada on flights illegally
by using the smuggling ring Krieger work for. Hundreds.
Once in Canada, passengers would apply for refugee status.
Despite the arrest of Krieger and two others who worked in a security firm,
there is no evidence the smuggling ring has been disbanded.
Krieger 38 said the group preferred smuggling people on air candidate flights bound for Montreal and Vancouver.
Toronto, he said, was generally avoided.
Well, thank goodness for that. We got enough foreigners here already.
The setup of Pearson Airports International Terminal made it too easy for Canadian immigration officials
to determine that the illegal immigrants arrived on air candidate flights from London.
So Lisa, doing a good job here at Pearson Air, that's another dump, but we're building a new one.
So Jo Kostal and his two buddies had a great time here in Toronto, I steered him right.
Air Canada would then be fine for carrying the illegal passengers raising suspicions
that could have jeopardized the London smuggling operation Krieger said,
if they would have come to Toronto on the roads and got caught.
In Montreal, the illegal immigrants could wait instead in the terminal for hours
and mingle with passengers that arrived from around the world.
Before requesting political assignment, they destroyed all identity documents and ticket subs,
making it difficult for Canadian officials to know where the LA came from Krieger said,
but air candidate caught on nonetheless.
Nice going, air candidate.
Oh!
Better late than ever, sweetheart.
The airline took its suspicions to Heathrow.
I guess I better mention my friend Helen, right?
Because she'll get upset if I don't.
How you doing, Helen A?
The airline took its suspicions to Heathrow's authorities who opened an investigation
and led to the arrest of Krieger and two of his colleagues,
Faiz Alam Ramon, 28th and Pritash Vajra, 22th.
Those are just the kind of people you want to have smuggling illegal folks
to enter the Western Hemisphere, right?
Not.
All three work for initial aviation security, private security from that continues to be employed by Air Canada
to check passports, of course, before boarding in guard planes at Heathrow.
All three have played a guilty discharge of conspiracy committing corruption
by accepting bribes to smuggle people.
Krieger is suspected of helping the smuggler up to 48 people,
including Algerians, Iraqis, Afghans, Pakistanis, and Shri Likens
on Air Canada flights from London between July 2000 and May 2001.
He admits having smuggled more than 16 people, most of them from Indian nationality.
The rest he said likely boarded their Canada flights through the mistakes made by inexperienced employees
of initial aviation security.
He's gone, by the way.
Who's that?
Oh, the president.
Since of our world.
Can you believe I'm reacted by saying the president?
Yesterday we remembered the innocent lives taken that terrible morning.
Today we turn to the urgent duty protecting other lives without illusion and without fear.
We've accomplished much in the last year in Afghanistan and beyond.
We have much yet to do.
And there's how many cars I need still alive by the way.
Many nations represented here have joined in the fight against global terror
and the people of the United States are grateful.
The United Nations was born in the hope that survived a world war.
The hope of a world moving toward justice, escaping old patterns and conflict.
We've got to draw from the UK.
And fear.
That's the last draw.
Okay, we have to do a break, Georgie.
Don't do any good stuff while we do the break and then get to the important stuff like we're going to war up here when we come back.
Georgie.
Not you, Georgie Bush.
Do you think I was talking to you?
Yeah.
You better start saying.
You talking to me?
Hey, let me tell you one place we're talking about.
See, you're taking up time now that the president could be speaking.
Our deliberations would be more than talk.
See?
Anyway, more than talk at Brandy's.
They really deliver what they promise because they got phenomenal selection of great name brand shoes.
And every day, unbeatable prices.
That's what made Brandy so famous is how can they sell these great names at such low prices?
Well, they've been doing it.
That's why everybody loves shopping there.
The people there know your feet inside and up and they'll hook you up with exactly the kind of shoes you love.
Rock ports, SAS, Sparies, Timberland, Naturalizer and lots more.
They got them all.
And like I said, always, at unbeatable prices.
And exactly the size you're looking for too, just about always in stock at Brandy's shoes.
They're open daily nine to line Sundays 10 till five.
And you'll find Brandy's in the same great location they've been doing people's feet right for years at 1290 North Federal Highway and Pompo-no Beach.
And right now it's a final summer crew and closeout sale for a select group of famous brands that up to 73% savings only at Brandy's shoes in Pompo-no Beach.
Five and a local, this is five sixty.
The radio's all yours now.
Two in.
I used to continue their march to seize other countries and their resources.
He's going after a record now maybe.
He's going after a record now maybe.
He's been appeased in staffed thousands.
He would have endangered the peace and stability of the world.
Yet this aggression was stopped by the might of coalition forces and the will of the United Nations.
To suspend hostilities, to spare himself, the rock dictator accepted a series of commitments.
The terms were clear to him and to all.
And he agreed to prove he is complying with every one of those obligations.
He has proven instead only his contempt for the United Nations and for all his pledges.
By breaking every pledge, by his deceptions and by his cruelties, Saddam Hussein has made the case against himself.
In 1991, Security Council Resolution 688 demanded that the Iraqi regime cease at once the repression of its own people, including the systematic repression of minorities, which the council said threatened international peace and security in the region.
This demand goes ignored.
Last year, the UN Commission on Human Rights found that Iraq continues to commit extremely grave violations of human rights and that the regime for oppression is all pervasive.
Tens of thousands of political opponents in ordinary citizens have been subjected to arbitrary arrest and imprisonment, summary execution and torture by beating and burning electric shock, starvation, mutilation and rape.
Oye, wives are tortured in front of their husbands, children in the presence of their parents and all of these horrors concealed from the world by the apparatus of a totalitarian state.
In 1991, the UN Security Council through resolutions 686 and 687 demanded that Iraq return all prisoners from Kuwait and other lands.
Iraq's regime agreed that it broke this promise.
Last year, the Secretary General's high level coordinator for this issue reported that Kuwaiti, Saudi, Indian, Syrian, Lebanese, Iranian, Egyptian, Bahrainian and Omani nationals remain unaccounted for.
More than 600 people. One American pilot is among them.
In 1991, the UN Security Council through resolutions 687 demanded that Iraq renounce all involvement with terrorism and permit no terrorist organizations to operate in Iraq.
Iraq's regime agreed that it broke this promise.
In violation of Security Council resolution 1373, Iraq continues to shelter and support terrorist organizations that direct violence against Iran, Israel and Western governments.
Iraq's dissidents abroad are targeted for murder.
In 1993, Iraq attempted to assassinate the Emir of Kuwait and a former American president.
Iraq's government openly praised the attacks of September 11th.
And Al-Qaeda terrorists escaped from Afghanistan and are known to be in Iraq.
In 1991, the Iraqi regime agreed to destroy and stop developing all weapons of mass destruction and long-range missiles.
And to prove to the world it has done so by complying with rigorous inspections.
Iraq has broken every aspect of this fundamental pledge.
From 1991 to 1995, the Iraqi regime said it had no biological weapons.
After a senior official in its weapons program defected and exposed this lie, the regime admitted to producing tens of thousands of leaders of anthrax.
And other deadly biological agents for use with scud warheads, aerial bombs, and aircraft spray tanks.
You and inspectors believe Iraq has produced two to four times the amount of biological agents it declared and has failed to account for more than three metric tons of material that could be used to produce biological weapons.
Right now, Iraq is expanding and improving facilities that were used for the production of biological weapons.
United Nations inspections also revealed that Iraq likely maintained stockpiles of VX, mustard, and other chemical agents and that the regime is rebuilding and expanding facilities capable of producing chemical weapons.
In 1995, after four years of deception, Iraq finally admitted it had a crash nuclear weapons program prior to the Gulf War.
We know now where not for that war, the regime in Iraq would likely have possessed a nuclear weapon no later than 1993.
Today, Iraq continues to withhold important information about its nuclear program, weapons design, procurement logs, experiment data, and accounting of nuclear materials and documentation of foreign assistance.
Iraq employs capable nuclear scientists and technicians.
It retains physical infrastructure to need it to build a nuclear weapon.
Iraq has made several attempts to buy high strength aluminum tubes used to enrich uranium for a nuclear weapon.
Should Iraq acquire fissile material, it would be able to build a nuclear weapon within a year.
And Iraq State Control Media has reported numerous meetings between Saddam Hussein and his nuclear scientists, leaving little doubt about his continued appetite for these weapons.
Iraq also possesses a force of scud-type missiles with ranges beyond the 150 kilometers permitted by the UN.
Work at testing and protection facilities shows that Iraq is building more long-range missiles that can flick mass death throughout the region.
In 1990, after Iraq's invasion of Kuwait, the world imposed economic sanctions on Iraq.
Those sanctions were maintained after the war to compel the regime's compliance with security council resolutions.
In time, Iraq was allowed to use oil revenues to buy food.
Saddam Hussein has subverted this program, working around the sanctions to buy missile technology and military materials.
He blames the suffering of Iraq's people on the United Nations, even as he uses his oil wealth to build lavish palaces for himself and to buy arms for his country.
By refusing to comply with his own agreements, he bears full guilt for the hunger and misery of innocent Iraqi citizens.
In 1991, Iraq promised UN inspectors immediate and unrestricted access to verify Iraq's commitment to rid itself of weapons of mass destruction and long-range missiles.
Iraq broke this promise, spending seven years deceiving evading and harassing UN inspectors before ceasing cooperation entirely.
Just months after the 1991 ceasefire, the security council twice renewed its demand that the Iraqi regime cooperate fully with inspectors, condemning Iraq's serious violations of its obligations.
The security council again renewed that demand in 1994 and twice more in 1996, deploying Iraq's clear violations of its obligations.
The security council renewed its demand three more times in 1997, citing flagrant violations and three more times in 1998, calling Iraq's behavior totally unacceptable.
In 1999, the demand was renewed yet again.
Oye! As we meet today, it's been almost four years since the last UN inspector set foot in Iraq.
Four years for the Iraqi regime to plan and to build and to test behind the cloak of secrecy.
We know that Saddam Hussein pursued weapons of mass murder even when inspectors were in his country.
Are we to assume that he stopped when they left?
No.
History, the logic, and the facts lead to one conclusion.
Saddam Hussein's regime is a grave and gathering danger.
To suggest otherwise is to hope against the evidence.
To assume this regime's good faith is to bet the lives of millions and the peace of the world in a reckless gamble.
And this is a risk we must not take.
Delegates to the General Assembly, we have been more than patient.
We've tried sanctions.
We've tried the carrot of oil for food and the stick of coalition military strikes.
But Saddam Hussein is to fight all these efforts and continues to develop weapons of mass destruction.
First time we may be completely certain he has a nuclear weapons is when God forbid he uses one.
We owe it to all our citizens to do everything our power to prevent that day from coming.
The conduct of the Iraqi regime is a threat to the authority of the United Nations.
And a threat to peace.
Iraq has answered a decade of UN demands with a decade of defiance.
All the world now faces a test and the United Nations a difficult and defining moment.
Our Security Council resolution is to be honored and enforced or cast aside without consequence.
Will the United Nations serve the purpose of its founding? Or will it be irrelevant?
The United States help found the United Nations.
We want the United Nations to be effective and respectful and successful.
We want the resolutions of the world's most important multilateral body to be enforced.
And right now those resolutions are being unilaterally subverted by the Iraqi regime.
Our partnership of nations can meet the test before us by making clear what we now expect.
If the Iraqi regime wishes peace, it will immediately and unconditionally forceware, disclose and remove or destroy all weapons of mass destruction, long-range missiles, and all related material.
If the Iraqi regime wishes peace, it will immediately end all support for terrorism and act as suppressive as all states are required to do by UN Security Council resolutions.
If the Iraqi regime wishes peace, it will cease persecution of its civilian population, including Shia, Sunni, Kurds, Turkamans and others.
Again, as required by Security Council resolutions.
If the Iraqi regime wishes peace, it will release or account for all Gulf War personnel whose fate is still unknown.
It will return the remains of any who are deceased, return stolen property, accept liability for losses resulting from the invasion of Kuwait, and fully cooperate with international efforts to resolve these issues.
As required by Security Council resolutions.
If the Iraqi regime wishes peace, it will immediately end all illicit trade outside the oil for food program.
It will accept UN administration of funds from that program to ensure that the money is used fairly and properly for the benefit of the Iraqi people.
If all these steps are taken, it will signal a new openness and accountability in Iraq.
And it could open the prospect of the United Nations helping to build a government that represents all Iraqis, a government based on respect for human rights, economic liberty, and internationally supervised elections.
The United States has no quarrel with the Iraqi people.
They've suffered too long in silent captivity.
Liberty for the Iraqi people is a great moral cause and a great strategic goal.
People of Iraq deserve it. Security of all nations requires it.
Free societies do not intimidate through cruelty and conquest.
And open societies do not threaten the world with mass murder.
The United States supports political and economic liberty in a unified Iraq.
We can harbor no illusions, and that's important today to remember.
Saddam Hussein attacked Iran in 1980 and Kuwait in 1990.
He fired ballistic missiles at Iran and Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, and Israel.
His regime once ordered the killing of every person between the ages of 15 and 70 in certain Kurdish villages in northern Iraq.
He has gasped many Iranians and 40 Iraqi villages.
My nation will work with the UN Security Council to meet our common challenge.
If Iraq's regime decides us again, the world must move deliberately decisively to hold Iraq to account.
We will work with the UN Security Council for the necessary resolutions.
But the purposes of the United States should not be doubted.
The Security Council resolutions will be enforced.
The just demands of peace and security will be met.
Or action will be unavoidable.
And a regime that has lost its legitimacy will also lose its power.
We are supporting the O-5CC U-A-M.
Are you sure?
Yes, I am.
In the Gulf War, letting off the hook, I think it's time to give us but a will.
So it's time to blow those people to army right.
The U-A-M.
While Iraq's till there's nothing left to see, I'm here up till 6 p.m.
I'm here up, blow up the creed, I'm here up.
And that's a way of God's will and the chemicals that God has been under in my bones, God.
If we land the creed, we will not be wet because some of them still won't be dirty.
I'm here up, bring it to an end, I'm here up.
Blow them up again, I'm here up.
I'm on CNN, I'm here up.
Oh!
Blow them up.
Blow those people up.
I'm here to keep them cold.
I'm here up.
I'm here up.
I'm here to keep them cold.
I'm here up.
I'm here up.
I'm here up.
I'm here up.
I'm here up.
I'm here up.
I'm here up.
I'm here up.
I'm here up.
I'm here up.
I'm here up.
I'm here up.
I'm here up.
So now say who is he?
Should he come up yet for the strike?
hostile policy against nations under the pretext of anti-terrorism, Al Jumhurya added.
Washington accuses President Hussein of harboring terrorists and possessing weapons of mass
destruction.
Yadi Yadi, ordinary rackeys fear their country will again come under American bombing as
it was during the 91 Persian Gulf War that forced Saudi Arabia to reverse his 1990 invasion
of Kuwait.
Events like September 11th are sad, but it's an opportunity for the American people to
feel what bombing could do to nations.
Ali Ahmed, a 47-year-old who runs a Baghdad stationary shop city yesterday, the first
anniversary of the attacks.
America has proven that as no respect for nations by wanting to change the government
in Iraq, how would an American feel toward somebody once the changes government?
Sanctions imposed by the UN Security Council for Rights and Vase of Kuwait cannot be lifted
until the inspector is certified, Baghdad has surrendered nuclear, chemical and biological
weapons and the missiles to deliver them.
If they enjoyed seeing us suffer under sanctions for 12 years, we should enjoy seeing them suffer
said, Samira Kathim, a 53-year-old housewife, my children never stopped asking me at night,
when is America going to bomb us?
Samira, I think we have the answer pretty soon.
Whether you like it or not, pretty soon.
Yeah, I think they pretty much made up their minds, haven't you?
Sounds like it.
Did we ever find out about Kit Carson, by the way?
Not yet.
Now, I'll reach out to still working on it.
These people here wouldn't know Kit Carson from Johnny Carson, that's all I can tell you.
Okay, but us old timers, I just barely vaguely remember the name.
243 votes on a pool, and of course, you know, we went a little over on the break there
a couple of minutes because we got the crucial stuff, right?
I think we got it all in.
243 votes on a pool.
What do you call soft drinks?
Because there seems to be this big debate.
This is depressing stuff that the public is worried about.
The government's worried about oil and money.
I mean about terrorism.
And the public were concerned about what do you call soft drinks?
I'm serious.
This is what we're concerned about.
Of course, who's going to win the big football games this weekend?
243 votes.
Soto 150.
Overwhelming.
Coke 46.
I don't ever drink that crap 25.
Pop 16.
And tonic 6.
Six people want to gin and bin.
Tonic.
Come on a chapter 11 at 560 WQM.
If you heard the news about the 3.95 percent mortgage, it's true.
If you've been thinking about it, here's the time to take some action.
Now's the time to buy a home or refinance your existing home at the unbelievably low rate
of only 3.95 percent.
If you got yourself a 7.5 percent mortgage, that's 3.95 percent rate could save you over
3.5 percent or over 3.500 bucks the first year and a 100 thousand dollar mortgage.
Don't make things hard for yourself.
Don't make them more expensive than they have to be.
Pick up the phone and call financial group at 1-800-940-L-E-N-D.
That's 1-800-940-5363.
Getting them more at someplace else costs you $1,000 extra every year.
So just think of all the money you can save yourself with a 3.95 percent mortgage.
Financial group has helped thousands of people just like you.
Put your financing in the best possible position by getting yourself a 3.95 percent mortgage.
Call financial group today and be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck told you to call 1-800-940-5363.
That's 1-800-940-5363.
There were an equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions do apply and don't forget rates are subject to change if you wait too long.
Next week we all voted for one.
Here's your one first.
Don't talk about this drumming stupidly.
Don't talk about this drumming stupidly.
Find this drumming stupidly.
Find this drumming stupidly.
Find this drumming stupidly.
Don't talk about this living.
Don't talk about this living.
Don't talk about this drumming stupidly.
Find this drumming stupidly.
Find this drumming stupidly.
Find this drumming stupidly.
Find this drumming stupidly.
Find this drumming stupidly.
Find this drumming stupidly.
Find this drumming stupidly.
The board is building a bananas
and the nonstop, around-the-clock, patriotic flag-waving,
Jingle-wistic bullcrap, and right on the heels of this,
and we're going in and right before the elections,
two coming up in just a few weeks.
But you'll notice in the primaries the one Tuesday,
all of this talk about super patriotism and all the other
crowd didn't, it wasn't born out by large numbers of people
going to the polls anywhere.
And of course in South Florida, even those people that did
here, I'll have some of them, couldn't vote anyway.
And you do understand that in their infinite wisdom,
the Republican legislature decided to shmit
can the runoff election for this election only.
A lot of people wonder, well, how come since nobody got
over 50% of the vote, how come there's no runoff election
in this primary?
Well, they specifically decided that there was going to be
no runoff in this one.
And of course, if there would have been a runoff,
Janet would win in the landslide in a runoff
because she'd get all of those dark evotes from Jones.
Right, right about that?
Absolutely correct.
But there ain't going to be no runoff.
And it looks like Bill McBride, who is Jeff Bush's worst
nightmare, is going to be the Democratic candidate on
November 5th.
Anyway, you make up your own minds, OK?
You decide whether you want to go in and blow them to bits
and take whatever the consequences are, rattling the horn
it's nest.
The best memorial rights Joe Connison, genuine freedom in New
York Observatory yesterday.
He says I can offer no advice about how best to observe
this week's anniversary.
In our home, the television is off.
While the radio is tuned to WNYC, the public radio station
that proved so essential to the city in the time of horror.
Whatever we do, we'll be thinking about the bereaved, of course,
especially those who lost comrades and loved ones
in the uniformed services.
As everyone who lives here knows, those thoughts require
no prompting from the media and occur with a random frequency
regardless of dates and ceremonies.
If I do turn on TV during the day, it'll probably be to hear
the firefighters and the cops play their bagpipes at ground zero.
The spirit of last autumn in New York, however,
blunted by a return to daily routines hasn't disappeared.
The feelings we all experience when we walk past the firehouse
represent a change at a last-word generation
and possibly much longer.
The attack took place on a Tuesday morning, which, for me,
meant the imperative of a deadline.
Later, some readers responded angrily to the column that I wrote
after watching the Twin Towers fall that it was too political,
too critical, and too partisan.
On reflection, I came to understand that reaction,
although I wouldn't withdraw a single word I can see why this
might have found those words inappropriate
to the emotions of the moment.
But this anniversary occurs in the season
that is inescapably political, and its observance
will be employed for purposes of state and of party.
To assess the past 12 months in those terms
and to analyze their impact on the future is in no way
disrespectful a private grief or patriotic unity.
It's what citizens do in a democracy.
Any assessment of this historic year
should and fairness take account of the Bush administration's
achievements, the destruction of the Taliban regime in Afghanistan
was a just war conducted with fewer civilian casualties
than many expected.
It destroyed the main sanctuaries of the totalitarian enemy
and disrupted their capacity to attack again,
as the nation's leaders in that conflict George W. Bush
and his aides can rightly claim the victory,
even though it swifted certain execution utterly disproved
his campaign complaints about the condition
of the armed forces under his predecessor.
Mr. Bush also deserves considerable credit
for what didn't happen to American Muslims and Arabs,
and those who merely look as if they could be Muslims and Arabs,
he protected them with presidential authority and prestige
from the mass recriminations they might have suffered
and the nation alarmed and infuriated
by Islamic fundamentalism.
Those lotable accomplishments, however, do not
expunge the administration's responsibility
for the most sustained assault on Constitution,
liberties, and decades.
The president's defense of Arab Americans
as a group is overshadowed by the actions of his attorney
general, who has held hundreds of individuals in prison
for months while refusing to name them or describe their offenses.
Open courtrooms have been transformed in the secret chambers.
The administration is irrigated to air itself
the power to arrest any citizen, suspected of connections
with terrorism by its definition,
and hold that person indefinitely,
granting no access to an attorney or to a court.
Indeed, it claims the power to do so
without public explanation,
and it's the five judicial orders to redress those offenses.
This government's even attempted to enlist millions
of postal workers and meter readers
to spy on the rest of us.
That initiative is in with drawn for the time being,
yet it is stillness using the establishment
of its ominously named Department of Homeland Security
to break unions while undermining whistleblower
and freedom of information laws.
And the supposed defensive liberty
under the rule of law, both law and liberty
are being destroyed.
The same attitude that clubs, the Constitution,
is undermining America's relationships
with traditional allies and undermining
the nation's stature abroad.
Afghanistan has hardly been secured against the scattered forces
of the Taliban.
Osama bin Laden has still assumed to be at large,
and Al-Qaeda retains sufficient resources
to provoke an orange alert.
Yet the attention of the administration
is rather prematurely turned elsewhere.
The determination of the President
and his aid to invade Iraq is hardly disguised
by their related consultations
with various foreign heads of state.
They're insistent focus on a war resolution
in the weeks before a national election
where the President's party fears losses
because of domestic issues,
has only provoked additional doubts
about Mr. Bush's preemptive policy.
And their stated opinion that we can wage war
without congressional assent
has only amplified their contempt
for any constraints on their power.
Among the most vexing questions
confronted this year by New Yorkers and all Americans
is how best to wander the memory of our dead.
To build a concrete monument
while surrendering Constitution
of freedom in democratic order
will do them no honor at all.
Right, Joe Coniston and the New Yorker observer.
Jennifer Harper writes in the Washington Times yesterday,
nobody was ready for healing on December 7th, 1942
and closure was the last thing anybody wanted.
America on the first anniversary of that other date
that lives in and for me often the benchmark
by which 9-11 is judged,
wanted blood and vengeance without apology.
No flowers, no teddy bears,
and no exploration of the national angst.
No presidential admonitions to think of Shinto
as a religion of peace.
No appeals to understand the frustrations
that drove the misunderstood Nazis
to rape Poland and bomb London.
The front pages of the nation's newspapers
were stuffed with news of war,
a battle racing in Tunisia,
the launch of the USS New Jersey of Philadelphia,
and on the front page of the old evening star,
a single photographic reminder
of the destroyed harbor at Honolulu.
On an inside page,
private Joe Lockhart,
who had first spotted the incoming Japanese planes
at a radar station above Honolulu,
was the subject of a small item headlined,
hero of Navy prefers to forget Pearl Harbor.
We have to give it our time to what's happening now,
he said, and wait for history to catch up with it
when the war is won.
That was the extent of the observance
aside from an account of an air raid wardens parade
down Georgia Avenue,
and the advertised police from clotheers and jewelry stores
to remember Pearl Harbor and the Viwore bonds,
skimp on gasoline, and safe kitchen grease.
The Washington Post had no stories
about the anniversary on its front page
that would recount it like other papers
around the country, neighborhood memorial services,
blood drives, ladies auxiliary lunches,
and the hasty weddings of men in uniform
and sweet-faced bribes.
Grit and gravitas were the order of that day.
We may stand for a moment in meditation
and on the, what is it?
In mediation on the courage and sacrifice
of those who now on land at sea and in the air,
hold a loft of flag of the US of America
and the New York Times observed.
In her newspaper column December 8th, 1942,
I think that was supposed to be meditation.
In her newspaper column December 8th, 1942,
first by the Eleanor Roosevelt told Americans
why she opposed the commemoration of Pearl Harbor.
It is not a date for a holiday, she wrote,
it's the date that should make us work.
That was then in the fashionable phrase of today,
and this is September 11th, 2002,
and the grandchildren of WWII generation
can afford the indulgence of an extravagantly
mockish anniversary and what they are told is war.
In the 60 years since Pearl Harbor,
200 books have been written about that first date
to live in infamy.
In the year since 911, more than 400 books have been published,
interpretive TV document dramas include
relics from the rubble, portraits of grief,
and faith and doubt at ground zero
of PBS production that included photos of people
leaping from the twin towers.
The people who study such things scratch their heads.
Why do journalists have this need to
one-up each other, ask war and Watson
to the American Press Institute?
Why do we have this anniversary mentality?
What would happen if we did nothing at all?
That would be a statement in itself.
Times and technology were different, of course.
You says need the public only knew the real tool of Pearl Harbor
when a year later, the Navy released numbers
of ship sunk and lives lost.
I've often wondered how the 24-hour news media
would have treated Antietam Mr. Watson says
of the 1862 Civil War battle that to this morning
remains the bloodiest day in American history.
Americans are divided on anniversary coverage.
Some say it's a moral duty to relive the attacks
through newspaper and television accounts.
Others find the overkill, gruelish, and invasive
surveys disagree.
A Gallup poll predict that 78% of the country
plans to watch the TV coverage.
A San Francisco Chronicle poll found only 2%
of those pulled wood watch.
Part of the ritual of life is to look at anniversary dates
with reverence and to be reminded
about real events Mr. Watson said,
but when we see excessive coverage, we know it.
We know when the media is playing around the edges
of getting off message.
Syracuse University media analyst Robert Thompson
compares 9-11 and verse recovered to the Super Bowl,
noting it was a media declared holiday.
The Americans of that era now fading swiftly
into the unremembered past had no time for such naval gazing.
We have no instinct for glory,
we'll find a very different New York Times
on December 8th, 1942.
What we surely do have collectively is the determination,
not determination to put all we possess
into this necessary non-present past.
Our emotions are deep and not noisy expressed,
but we know that we're destined to play the decisive part,
not on this cut and loam but throughout the world.
That knowledge steadies us and brings us together.
Written yesterday morning's paper,
the Washington Times, with a misprint.
1127 at 560 WQAM, speaking of misprints,
could this be that same piece of coffee that the...
Sure could be.
Is Todd Wreck in the building?
Is he working there anymore and he leaves?
He's around.
He's around.
He's around the forebrix short of a full load.
Anyway, let me tell you about becoming a high-paid
computer professional.
We've been talking until your blue in the face
about the large number of jobs that are available
out there and the computer business.
Well, here's the deal.
How do you get to a good school?
It'll help you accomplish all of these things.
Get out of your dead end job and make them some serious bucks.
There is only one school that's got four convenient locations
in Dayton, Broward, just as Todd Wreck,
he'll show you exactly where all of them are.
There's one school that's got certified Microsoft instructors,
convenient day evening and weekend classes.
There's one school that's got full-time job placement
department over 30 years experience.
And when you go to Fast Train, you can complete your program
and just for sure are the months.
And like I said, get your way on the road to a serious career
and a big fat paycheck.
So get off your butt, pick up that phone,
get all the information with no obligation.
They'll be happy to tell you exactly how the deal works.
Call Fast Train Tool-Free at 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
That's 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
Or check them out on the web if you like at fasttrain.com.
Slide in local Pierce, 4th radio, 560, C-U-A-U-A-M.
He wants to be the same God Bless America
and pasties and a G-String up here.
I'll do it.
It's an all-new CBS vault starting with an all-new CBS
evening news with Dan Rather.
Dan Rather reporting, I'm feeling kinky.
At 8-An All-New King of Queen.
Just as long as I can get a chance to wrap my long legs around
that's the wrong body of your heart.
Followed by an all-new O-Y-S.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes!
Two-Sticks and all-new Shad.
Wednesdays, it's an all-new 60 minutes, too.
Office.
Thursdays, it's an all-new Survivor.
Then Friday, catch an all-new 48-hour.
See, that's it.
Saturdays.
It's an all-new, touched by an angel.
It's for him.
It's for your all-new CBS vault lineup.
We got what you want.
And don't forget today that everybody in the world is looking forward to a week from next Tuesday, September 24th.
Smallville Return for the new season.
Anyway, thank you very much, Audrey Chuck.
I did two things for me.
First of all, he gives me the thing with the Kit Carson, the bio.
Kit Carson, 1809 to 1868, American, 100 Trapper in Scout, Yadi Yadi.
Yadi was an infant, his parents moved to Howard County, Missouri.
He later became an apprentice to a Savler, and he did this, and he did that.
He was appointed Indian agent for the youth and Apache of Towson, Mexico,
during the Civil War, he helped organize the Mexico, Infantry, etc. and so on.
So there's what Kit Carson was all about, that's who he was, and of course there was a TV, the movie character.
So that doesn't tell us anything about Kim Hunter, but we don't really give a crap about poor Kim Hunter anymore,
because she doesn't give a crap she's dead, right?
She's dead.
And also thanks for the adware download sites, so I can get rid of this damn end of the end.
I'm reading the thing on the bottom here, it says, I don't know if you have Kazah,
but if you do, and you want to get rid of as much of that crap as possible, you replace it with Kazah with Kazah Light.
Right.
Is that like Champion Light?
Is that like Miller Light?
Because it's on Light.
Okay, thank you very much.
I'll reach out.
No problem.
Oh, let's see, Colin's football player dies a couple weeks ago, we had a 10-year-old girl die playing the contact football.
And I still don't understand why little girls are playing contact football.
Do you understand that Miguel?
No.
She's dead.
She's sure he was playing football.
And then there was another kid who died, I don't remember how old he was, a high school kid I think.
And here's a Colin's football kid.
Big Rapids, Michigan.
A college football player died after collapsing during a tackling drill.
Ferris State University said today, Ferris State.
Ever been there?
Yeah, of course.
You haven't been the Ferris State.
And either of, although I remember Ferris State because I used to broadcast all of it at the college football and basketball.
And they played Ferris State.
And you like that, huh?
Didn't realize it was around that much.
Michigan, baby, that's quite a state.
You don't want to go there, though.
They don't like your kind there.
In fact, they don't like, they don't like any kind in Michigan.
They like mad dog, though.
Freshman linebacker Matt Skloran, 18 Collector in Practice here today afternoon.
University spokesman Jim Thorpe said emergency workers were unable to relieve him.
Reviven and preliminary reports indicate he died of heart failure.
18-year-old kid.
Nobody cares.
And they just, you know, make a pro-god guy's dying.
High school kid, little girls.
Since then, any airport terminal evacuated after that.
And I'm not suggesting that we banned football.
Don't get me wrong, because I got my NFL package in here.
And I'm a big Patriot fan and Tom Brady fan.
And I invited, why I should point out that I was a Patriot fan long before Tom Brady ever, you know, put on a Patriot jockstrap.
Right.
I was.
You got to be kidding me.
I was the root for the Patriots long before anybody.
Although I was following Tom Brady's great career at Michigan.
I always liked those well-verranged, didn't I?
Only when he was there.
That was kind of amusing.
Since then, any airport terminal evacuated after he reported security breach.
Hundreds of people were forced to evacuate in their port terminal because of a security breach today.
At Cincinnati, Northern Kentucky International Airport.
Two concourses were evacuated from an hour and 45 minutes at the Delta terminal, which handles most of the passenger traffic in the airport.
The spokesman Ted Bushelman said he said he had no other information about the problem which is reported by security screeners.
We ought to get Ike Siemens to cover that for us, you know what?
Send that over to the governor to Cincinnati.
At least get him out of Miami.
And he can tell us about what a great job the screeners are doing and yaddy yaddy yaddy into his usual suction job.
Am I God, Ike?
Isn't it time to hang it up, hang up the microphone before you make any worse of a fool of yourself?
You silly old goat?
God!
276 votes on our poll on theoriders.com.
What do you call soft drinks?
Soda 170.
Coke 53.
I don't ever drink that Schmidt 30.
Pop 17 and tonic 6.
Oh, speaking of people, it may have had maybe a few too many pops.
Buzz Aldrin.
You remember Buzz Aldrin, our great astronaut?
Buzz Aldrin says he was defending himself when he swung a man who asked him to swear on a Bible that he had been to the moon.
The former astronaut's publicist said,
I want Miguel to swear on a Bible that he's been to Ferris State.
You're going to do it?
Sure, I got one right here.
Put your hand on it.
And the Bible too.
Buzz Aldrin was forced to protect himself and his stepdaughter when he was aggressively confronted outside of Beverly Hills Hotel,
publicist Robert O'Brien said they prepared statement,
no relation of course to Pat O'Brien.
Authorities were in and of course we're talking about Pat O'Brien, the actor, not that asshole Pat O'Brien on the football.
What was he on?
Drugs?
Authorities were investigating report by Bart Sibrell, 37,
as said he was attacked by the former Apollo 11 astronaut on Monday at the Lux Hotel.
Aldrin 72 had left the hotel and police arrived around 413 in the afternoon,
was not interviewed, said police within a jail on party.
Sibrell of Nashville, Tennessee, says he doesn't believe Aldrin or anyone else has ever walked on the moon,
describing himself as an investigative reporter.
Sibrell told KABC TV was trying to confront Aldrin about his 1969 lunar mission when Aldrin swung at him.
Aldrin had just finished an interview with a Japanese TV production crew and the confrontation was videotape.
Oh right.
Let's get a hold of that.
Sibrell said he confronted Aldrin twice before with surprise that Aldrin reacted the way he did the third time.
I was very surprised that he hit me.
I thought it was very foolish to him to do in front of two video cameras.
Sibrell said he's got a good punch.
It was quick too.
I didn't see it coming.
Nice sucker punch there, Buzz.
Oh!
Aldrin's publicist said the videotape showed Sibrell blocking the way.
Is Aldrin in a stepdaughter or leaving a hotel?
Yeah.
Investigated report of my ass.
To the moon, Alice.
Yeah, he's a moon man.
He's a frickin' moon man.
Here's the guy that's doing good.
Superman, you know he'd make a comeback, didn't you?
He might walk again.
Christopher Reeves regained some movement in sensation in his hands and feet.
Seven years after a horse riding accident, they left him paralyzed from the neck down.
The Superman star can also breathe on his own for 90 minutes at a time.
No, that was bad.
Now it was my finger, okay?
To be able to feel just the lightest touches really a gift for you said.
And of course thanks to our president and those right-wing Christians,
we don't want to do that stem cell research because we want to save those unborn embryos.
Oh, so he's got to do it on his own.
Like everybody else with Parkinson's and diabetes.
The actor has received treatment for the past three years
through the activity-based recovery program that is Dr. John McDonald created.
The therapy consists of electrical muscle stimulation combined with repetitive motion exercises.
The results Reeves can move the fingers on his left hand and the toes on both feet.
He can feel a pin prick on most parts of his body
and can tell the difference between hot and cold and sharp and dull,
which is sure better than most of our sales department,
because the motto in our sales department is where there is no sense, there's no feeling.
No one who has suffered an injury as severe as Christians and failed to have any initial recovery
as we gained the amount of motor and sensory function he has said,
McDonald, the medical director of the spinal cord injury program
at Washington State University School of Medicine in St. Louis.
Reeve had hoped to walk again by a 50th birthday September 25,
but he says he's still encouraged even though he won't reach that goal.
The fact is that even if your body doesn't work the way it used to,
the heart and mind and the spirit are not diminished,
he said it's as simple as that.
Reeve documents his progress in a new book,
nothing is impossible reflections on a new life and an ABC program on September 18.
Let's hear it for Superman.
Oh!
He's okay in my book, he's all right, never stole a freight train.
He's got that kind of like pinched nose.
You know what I mean?
He's no George Reeves.
Now you don't remember George Reeves do you?
From Superman on television, the real old ones?
Yeah, remember him.
Do you?
Yeah.
The guy with a real out of shape, you know, he had that tight out of belly.
He had a pot belly.
And then of course, he allegedly committed suicide.
It was kind of like that guy, damn lunatic and bagged that,
he was supposedly committed suicide, that terrorist.
Every supposedly shot himself four times in the head.
Twenty-two noon at five sixty, what's that schedule there?
I haven't been remiss, we've had so much going on,
we had the president guessing on the program today to tell us that
we're going in, baby.
We're going in, whether you like it or not, we're going in,
we're going to bust his craft to the smithereens.
Let's see, we got Mad Dog, Jim Mandator one, no changes there.
Hank, oh, and you know something?
Now there are a lot of people in this audience aren't crazy about the president,
but I want to tell you, I'd rather have him on the show than Bino Cook.
Wouldn't you?
Who?
Bino Cook.
Jim Manditz, one to three, the Humper from three to six three five
with that Bino Cook, our five to six, believe me.
Why he does that, it's only the killing hour.
Trust me, Hank knows better than that.
And by the way, let me say it again, Mo, quit trying to suck up to the Humper,
he's not taking it, you're not fooling him.
Marlon's on deck six thirty five, Marlon's at the Met 710.
Really?
Please get that baseball craft over with Eddie K. after the baseball game,
and Joe and Mark overnight to set up some material for tomorrow morning six to seven hour.
Marlon's on filly though.
I figure it's important?
They're in Philadelphia.
What did I say?
Met.
Well that's what it says on the schedule.
I know.
Oh, don't tell me that clearance made another mistake, uh oh.
Oi!
How's Mark doing?
Let's call up Mark.
It's the 19th till noon at five sixty, w.
If you remember, I got some amazing news from the pizza loft.
Jeff Cohen called in this morning and tells us we checked that the opening is pushed back a little bit.
Probably because they're having to deal with all those idiots in plantation, the zoning people.
Man, they are so per-snickety in plantation, they're the worst.
I'm assuming that's the reason, or maybe just because he's trying to show up Marcy for telling me it was supposed to be September 3rd.
But anyway, the new pizza loft in plantation,
Napoleon Sunrise, right at the Honwell Greens there, will be opening any day now toward the end of the month or whenever it gets around it with.
But in the meantime, they're still going strong.
You can go to the one in a, a baby there, university drive between Griffin and 595.
And the pizza loft lies in the landmarks to look for is that the Pier 1 imports and then Kitty Corn of the New Army in the little cafe.
You'll see the great pizza loft has been going strong for years now.
Fantastic food, big fresh portions, teeny tiny prices.
And of course, they got the best garlic balls you've ever popped in your post, three different kinds of delicious pizza.
They got takeout delivery and of course they cater as for the list five bucks per person they do a
dependant job. Here's the number to call 954 916 888 954 916 888 it doesn't get any better or any
of course maybe you're running to the rumors there. You see I didn't edit the real reason he's
opening in plantation because the rumors are doing all the freebies over there in Davy and so now
I gotta have him out by me in plantation.
My life and love this is for 205 60.
It's free it's me. Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
we take a good hard stiff look and to start them. They gave us one of the defining songs of 80s new wave.
Now they give us a line of bulls**t about why they let Burger King use it in a commercial that one time.
They were modern English.
Oh yeah I asked anyone when we were out met with you we were thinking of of cheese yeah that's it gooey and delicious cheese.
Oh melting on top of two old baked patties. I mean come on let's rock and roll man.
Tonight you'll hear modern English one man Colin full of it Harris asking us to believe that he knew the song would be used in a commercial years later.
When you think of it a woman is like cheese really. She's tempting and delicious about 30% fat.
All those years he told me that melt with you was about how great that sex was with me.
Now it's about a f**king cheeseburger.
Colin's ex girlfriend. Wanda Camelbear.
I just feel so cheap. It's like all those times he was with me.
He might have well been dry humping a sandwich.
Finally we confronted with the image of dry humping a burger the leader of modern English stared down his demons and told the truth.
We didn't frighten so for a commercial we needed the money.
There they're guys as far as using your song and a commercial ghost you're in good company.
With a bunch of other jerk off sell out scumbags most of whom were far more famous than you.
It's a big juicy shopping with look at show business tonight on inside the behind.
It's 1147 at 560 W. Camelbear.
There's Alan Greenspan. Oh they just chopped them off too. I'm seeing it.
Justice I was going to put them on for about two seconds.
They chopped his ugly ass off.
He's a bop bop bop bop bop bop.
In the meantime the market is
while he's speaking watching it take a precipitous drop.
After the jokes and questions of integrity linger rights William Gibson they watched in chief
you're on the sunsend all day.
As once again we're laughing stock but you know something I think most people would have
adopted so what else is new you know we're beyond embarrassment anymore in a state of Florida especially
in South Florida. I mean with all the humiliation all the worldwide between alien and the hanging
chats and this election here on Tuesday is there anything worse that we can know.
I don't think so I mean we're kind of used to it like our trademark.
I think maybe we can turn it around like something we're proud of.
New thing for the for the Chamber of Commerce people for the tourism industry.
Hey come on down and see all of us idiots.
See how in F.E. Wheeliar. See all our old funny thaty people who work with poll workers.
All the 150 year olds who are trying to walk a try to jay walk across the Hellenbeale Beach Boulevard.
Oh by the way it's double point Thursday and Hellenbeale Beach Boulevard don't forget.
It's a small joke so far a source of roofalm is meant leading to a deeper cynicism about
the valuable voting rights where you may gips in and these scum sent to the day. Floridians can't count
as the punchline but the underlying message is that all too often some votes don't get counted.
Florida's latest latest election spectacle. The chaotic primaries on Tuesday once again
turnished the state's imagination wide but more importantly it also contributed to a sense that
elections in general can be arbitrary or exclusionary or even rigged. Oh I can't believe that.
Florida's purported model of election reform widely was seen around the nation as a failure
though some observers gave the state credit for least trying to modernize its methods and equipment.
The late night TV comedians haven't yet and got a hold of the story but the murmuring has begun.
I bet you last night they did. glitches plague polls in Florida said the Chicago Tribune
headline in morning after voting goes on goes a rye again in Florida reported the Atlanta
voting problems in Florida question mark count on it in tone the San Francisco Chronicles online
edition the Guardian of London proclaimed Florida's election curse strikes again as the son of Chad
fills the voters. I like it. The Tampa Tribune added this jab for some primary voters another
Florida duh election. For Florida's sake it's good thing that this is being overshadowed by the
9-11 commemoration said Richard noise political analyst at the media research center in northern
Virginia. Most people understand hanging a bad election but two in a row especially after
elections officials went to such great lengths until everybody the problems would be fixed
makes Florida seem a bit like a laughing stock he said just a bit. The episode could turn into
another national fixation if late-tallies and democratic gubernatorial primary between Janet
and Bill leave the contest on the next few days and of course even though the bride was 8,000
votes ahead of the end it's still up in the year. If this is the last day of the story the 36
hours of confusion it will probably not become a national story but if it drags on with
recounts or lawsuits or tends to end to another election that ends in a tie I expect to see the
late-night comedians jump into it noise said many political observers are not amused.
This is going on this is going to reinforce a good deal of cynicism among the voting public not
just in Florida but all over the country and they're already highly cynical said Brian Vargas
professor of political science and director of the public opinion lab at Indiana University.
Things like this in the log one are mostly the press voter turn-off we're seeing a steady increase
in people saying my vote doesn't make a difference when you have any kind of counting scan let's
just answer to it. Indiana like many states has explored an election reformed upgraded equipment
but tight budgets have prevented Indiana others from following Florida's lead while states
will make congressional action on legislation that would send money to help them meet new national
election guidelines. Indiana's primaries in May had a record low turn out of trend found in many
states see what I mean about this newfound patriotism and everybody is no she it's easy to go on
by a flag for 98 cents but all of this bull crap about newfound patriotism don't count on it.
People say yeah Florida haha haha it says it was a joke but what people all realize is that it
goes against the image of the integrity of the entire system Vargas said some people say what
happens in Florida must go on here too why should I go to the trouble to register find out what
the campaigns are about and show up to vote the reaction was muted on the west coast where Florida's
troubles in the 2000 election in two days primary seemed distant and indistinct to the extent
that anyone is watched that comes across as Keystone cops said Fred Smolter chairman of the
political science department at Chappan University in Orange County California but the final answer
is a growing realization that the active county votes is quite complicated and problematic
and your state should be loaded for release attempting to come up with a touch screen approach
inevitably they're going to be promised that anything new that you're going to do but like I said
maybe if we had some poll workers under the age of 200 it might help just maybe election reformers
nevertheless go to turn a negative development into a positive one by using Florida's hard lessons
just for final passage of federal reforms the Florida experience shows that real reform means more
than replacing voting machines said representative steen hewyer democrat of Maryland who the house leader
on reform legislation that's why it is crucial to the integrity of our democracy and public confidence
in our election system that congress immediately finishes work on federal election reform
lawyers said the American people deserve no less in our democracy the man's it he'd be saying how
do you like that huh sound like fighting words to me 300 feet our votes on our poll very important
poll today could be the most important one we've taken in a kounz age what do you call saw
hey and speak out of that by the way have you ever thought about this how much you never even thought
about this what soft drinks do dark folks drink huh no seriously at just crossed my mind for the
first time what's cool it kind of the soft drink all that bad that is so good no one
do you know getting paid for this does cool eight count what i do black really drink a lot of
cool eight i know i know i know they did a jones down but we're not talking about that but seriously
they drink a lot of cool eight and you know what else i bet they drink a lot of Hawaiian punch
you know why why because it's real sweet like watermelon i i i i i i could be wrong but i think
that many dark folks have a taste for a stuff real sweet and i do two as a matter of fact so maybe
once upon a time i had like a little black in me i don't know i don't remember it hey speak
of that don't forget to join george five to seven o'clock with mcgill and with bokeh brine you
can rub bokeh's a ball spot which will take a long time at treasurer island located off the
palmetto just north of 120 seconds three there's it you know the reason i chuckled
before i finished this in sip and promo is because i think about that silly wig that he puts on
for comedy sake now and then and i ask him like do you wear that like when you get out of your
card you walk in the building with that oh yeah he does he that he does i mean if anybody could see
it in fact maybe he'll model it for you that would be reason alone to get out there tonight to
see that wow when you see that you'll just piss your pants i guarantee it five to seven tonight
treasurer island that's just the off the palmetto north of the 120 second three there's it you'll see
the signs stop by for prizes but why is it specials and check out this week's feature zoi
written at treasurer island my five to seven george too sick to work today but well enough to go
there and get a little head tonight oh and wait a speaking of that speaking of a head case
this guy i i can i can smell another press conference anytime uh-huh fb i returns to
hand full apartment they're they're just going to destroy this guy they're going to like uh kill him
fb i agents investigating last year's anthraxatex search to the Frederick apartment once
read it by via warframe defense experts steving jay hand full for the third time yesterday sources
familiar with the investigation said hand full spokesman pat clauson said the former US government
researcher had not lived in the apartment since august 12th clauson city presumed the apartment
was vacant the justice department is described had filled 48 a virologist who worked at the
west armies by would defense lives as for detrick the ninety nine as one of about thirty persons
of interest in the fb i's investigation of those anthraxatex that killed five people late last
year had filled in june contended uh-concentred rather than when fb i searched in the Frederick
apartment in a complex practically next to it a for detrick the fb i returned with a search warrant
for a second search august one the fb i's given no reason for the searches and is repeatedly
said that half fill is not a suspect in the hand at the anthrax case they just like hassle and
they get they get their jolly's from it during this period had filled discarded some possessions
in trash receptacles outside his apartment complex and packed others for moved event rooms
Louisiana where it accepted a hundred and fifty thousand dollar job is a bio defense expert training
first responders and lsu hand full on several occasions is protested as innocence and said the
noteworthy gained during the investigation is completely utterly destroyed his life lsu
fight him life with our explanation after getting that telegram from the fb i how many searches
this is to take before the fb i gets in right clause tonight this is exactly the kind of stuff that's
driving everybody crazy on this clause and said half fill and his life encounter when the fb
august 30th when he voluntarily appeared in Washington field office to give a blood sample and
law agents take his finger print and palm prints well you know he's keeping everybody busy they're
using him to keep everybody's busy all of it is they think they got the guy because they don't have
the guy they haven't got a clue they haven't got the fact in fact my little dog has got a better
idea who did the anthrax mailings uh... then uh... the whole defense of the state department
the defense department all the ships at sea
not to mention of course the justice department and it's glorious leader john ascrop
even the gals got a better idea who done it
eleven fifty six and five sixty wq way i bet you tom lamens got an idea when you go down
on a howl potty x-ray tom who do you think done it and he'll he'll look at you and go
but if you want yourself a great deal this is the place because tom lamens and howl potty x-gm
c are doing it again as zero percent financing continues as i speak that's right with the
food credit from gm a c you can get zero percent financing up to thirty six months on all brand new
two thousand three pony x and gmc models which obviously they're they're in they're there
would be nice to know a little more about that but of course the constraints of weak copy doesn't
tell us or take a rebate up to four grand in all two thousand two pony x-r gmc models in stock
one thing about qa and you can't complain about the copy because they don't give us any check out
the complete line of gmc suv's while you're in hell including the envoy loaded by motor trend is
suv the year plus cd all new pony x vibe suv like i've been telling you for a very very long time
the vibe has the power of a big fancy fancy expensive sports car hamlet also got a great selection
of dependable pre on cars trucks and suvs and if anybody in the world turned you down for credit
this is the place for all you deadbeats because they'll work you deal somehow even if tom has to
make the payments so for a great deal on pony x and gmc's see howl potty x gmc if they're old great
location they've been doing it there for thirty five years one thirty four or one south thick sea
highway that's u.s. one right across from the falls open every day seven days a week helipod
gmc we be professional great
my life and love this is 4205 60
but now i do believe it be the world that's well-balanced
jordan miam a little pain honey i'm going for a vaccine
that's where now i got a rip out if i get infected it's gonna be hell
before that virus gets to hold on me i'm seeing the clinic where my shot's to free
no it ain't no fun
oh it's a simple procedure but need a ghost in and it's over and done
jordan miam a little pain honey i'm going for a vaccine
just bring my heart and a one your brain honey i'm going for
my vaccine good have a good time from 0 to 5 60 it's our big new to one hour
nine dollars a man is coming up four o'clock this afternoon we got three hundred and eighteen
votes on the survey i told you it's a biggie this is probably the most definitive
blood study what a beautiful day it is here today okay is it rain in there yep
no come on and that horrible tropical storm is like whipped up a whole bunch of nasty weather again
you know it no sunny shining it is so beautiful i'd like to go out and do this your out of
balcony but of course i would have to like crawl into the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh
console here to get to the other side it's kind of amazing because our brilliant
our engineering department and jokas tello asked me said how come you have that guest mic on
the other side you know exactly the one that's there well there's a boom with a guest mic on
the other side the only problem being uh there's no chair and there's no place to put a chair and
if anybody were to get to the other side they have to crawl under where i'm sitting here and
crawl to the other side of the console but other than that i'm going there boys oh and a phone
still won't work but other than that i'm not complaining though i have no complaints everything
is beautiful through every nineteen votes what do you call soft drinks you know we left one choice
off what's that what do you call soft drinks yeah somebody would have voted for that in fact that
would have been more cute than those businesses i never drink that stuff anyway what do you call them
soda 194 is that right 194 that's sixty point eight percent coke 64 i don't ever drink that
schmit 34 pop 21 now we're getting some pop people okay come up state in New York and maybe
some uh Canadians how's it going hey Chicago too maybe is that what that article said no it is though
i know that now how old were you when you left Chicago 10 but i've been back and my cousins still
call it pop over there oh and you probably go get that heavy heavy real sick pizza you know
yeah i don't like that oh i don't either you know at the time it was okay but now that i look
back on it each each sliceway seven pounds and soft of greasy yeah it's not good pizza uno
pizza we own all of us but anyway uh tonic six tonic is still stuck in it i don't believe anybody
calls uh a coke i'll have a tonic please yeah likely story the life you're asked right out of the
joint anyway let's get to the important stuff street gang found a way Nobel Peace Prize nominee
cleared for execution for murder conversion well this i guess this guy's been all over the place
huh a convicted killer who co-founded the crypts street gang and later became a Nobel Peace Prize
nominee has been cleared for execution by a federal appeals court all right Stanley Williams
could be executed by injection as early as next year unless the ninth US Circuit Court of Appeals
reconsider its decision the US Supreme Court intervenes with the governor grants him clemency
governor davis is that his name gray Williams in a high school friend Raymond Washington created
the notorious crypts gang in la in 1971 hundreds of spinoffs and coppicat gangs have since emerged
across the nation Washington was killed in the gang fight 1979 Williams big took to his fellow
gang members big took that's a great nickname in it hey big took continue continues his final
ways and transform the crypts into a national enterprise Williams now 48 was convicted of killing
poor people in 1979 while appealing his debt sentence he spent time writing children's books
and coordinating an international peace effort for youths all from his nine by four foot cell at
San Quentin State Prison the work has landed him Nobel Peace Prize nominations the last two
years but his efforts always haven't swayed prosecutors and police groups who believe he should
remain behind bars he's created one of the biggest criminal networks that the world has ever seen
I think will be glad to see him executed to deputy attorney general Lisa Brawl Brawl whatever
name is I don't think writing a few kids books negates what he's done but it's so cute Williams
was sentenced to death in 1981 for faithfully shooting a convenience store worker it was also
convicted of killing two Los Angeles motel owners and their daughter during a robbery a few days
later Williams claims he's innocent he said and his appeal that jailhouse informants lied when they
testified that he confessed to the murders despite its decision on two date the appeals court
seems sympathetic to Williams flight although his good works and accomplishments in incarceration
may make him a worthy candidate for the exercise of gubernatorial discretion they are not
matters that we in the federal judiciary are liberty taken to consideration judge proctor hug
junior wrote a spokesman for governor davis said it's too soon to know whether the governor will
intervene barbera back now a journalist who's helped Williams with his publishing career and
maintains a website for the condemned in eight words inmate uh... was shaken by the courts ruling
that's incredibly bad news she said Williams was nominated again he was nominated again this year for
the Nobel Prize a move that's drawn sharp criticism from police groups but of course he hasn't won it yet
not great they have enough to wonder yet maybe this will be the year and then they'll give them the needle
you know i made a really bad mistake
what do you think last break i went in the kitchen in the refrigerator and got me a little Swiss cheese
you know just a little something nibble on here during this last hour not a good idea
i don't know about you but the Swiss cheese like create certain
like on your tongue and in your throat
you know what I mean no certain like little irritations on it
yeah it doesn't maybe you don't eat Swiss cheese okay i don't think you would eat Swiss cheese on their horse meat
sure you do you do yeah now did you call me an arm or not no what a chicken what a pussy man
no one of that to read pushes you around a building like that no one no one they get you to work for
free all the time you're a pussy you should have just had the uh... uh... we took pick up the phone
to call Hudson do it tomorrow George won't be back tomorrow he'll be real sick from getting
uh... whatever he's gonna get from Zoe tonight see i got a surprise George you ain't getting
nothing from Zoe you're getting something from Joey
when that piece of something that Zoe turned out to be Joey
well i guess you'll find out we'll see moving right along here some more bad news i don't
think the audience can stand anymore yeah this i don't know Swiss cheese just
i like it i like it a lot but it just uh... i don't know it leaves like in it very often
leave my tongue like battered and bruised
there are many things in life that you might like a lot but they'll leave your tongue
just wounded bruised how much of a media giant all in this story from cbs news very disturbing and
just when you thought it couldn't get any worse from a handful of companies butchering up the entire
radio and tv industry and i'll read this can there's no there's no end in sight federal regulators
will take a new look at rules limiting ownership of newspapers and television and radio with an i
loosening restriction boy man they got any looser they'd be confused with kathy willets
the fcc is scheduled to begin a rule making process today that is widely expected to produce new
regulations that'll make it easier for large media companies to merge all that sounds great maybe
you can merge with somebody since there's all those rumors about the beesleaves let's merge with
anybody like that uh... uh... what was the pork sandwich guy that was called me a few times remember
that guy always called me for a drive-through i think it was at the turkey cheeses a pork sandwich
guy oh yeah uh... we're worried about you and that merger the merger another crazy person the clear
direction of this is deregulation said blur eleven a former fcc official now an analyst would like
mason he said the agency will have to address whether he's regulations may limit media diversity
uh... may limit media diversity oh well what people say if they're cable companies one newspaper
in their town half the radio stations and thirty percent of the tv stations were all all owned by
the same company said where do the new lines get drawn the fcc said in june that would use this
week's meaning to be an official reviews of two rules one concerning the number of tv radio stations
a company can only one market another preventing any of the four major tv networks for from merging
with each other the agency will also examine two rules that were rejected by an appeals court this
year in fact the government those rules involved restrictions on the national reach of companies that
are on multiple tv stations and companies that want to own two tv stations in the same market the
fcc is already looking at a restriction that prohibits one company from a broadcast station and
newspaper in the same market as well as a rule that limits radio station ownership all my god
pretty soon keep channel can own every station you can have people to be in the pd of every
goddamn station in town the assassin the agency wants to combine its work on the various rules to
make the regulations more consistent and to be able to survive legal challenges the fcc is said
it's combined study any potential changes to the rules are expected to be completed by spring 2003
fcc chairman michael paul son of course of secretary of state colon paul has expressed
skepticism about broad ownership limits and concerns that many of the agencies rules are based on
hunches rather than facts paul's comments of led to speculation the rules will be relaxed to
repeal leading the way wave of media mergers oh my god oh my god yeah you said it honey
bad news
producing two companies on every goddamn tv station every radio station every newspaper every cable
company every pub tent they'll be in your they'll be everywhere they'll be in your house they'll be
in where you work they'll be deep inside your back dome everywhere no reason to get nervous
the order is time to ask what's he said that it's very important for meanwhile it is important
it's important that we get some new copy to it seriously I want you to get a hold of clearance
and tell them if he doesn't get with it and get with screw in see this is the problem clearance
is a good guy but he's a little punk so he doesn't understand that and nobody takes him seriously
now if we had moth there who also is hard to take seriously but at least moth is like an adult you
know he's like about eighty and so when he goes back there and says hey screw in ufn fits we need
some new copy there neal starting to act up again we get some copy you know but when clearance
goes back there you know like that nothing happens you see what I'm saying we like clearance
but clearance is a little when we kid so if we're going to get anything done because we have a
major copy crisis Qion when I first came to the station I wondered why the other guys on
here used to like tape their live spots and then I began to realize they do it because they never
get any new copy and they get they just get really sick and tired of attempting to make magic out
of the same horse poop you know what I'm saying how do you do it how many different ways can you
make a slice of Swiss cheese taste you ever thought about that depends on you cook it and not
only that I do like I like a melted Swiss cheese though hmm do like that a lot see now I'm getting
hungry right about this time every day I start thinking about where I'm going for lunch and what
what kind of food I'm gonna have I think I'm having a tad in for lunch today that's some good
sounds good maybe like a little baby cow little vio parmesan little penny pasta on the side
sounds really good to me little minestrone fact if I was right there I go into that new pizza
lot even though it's not open yet and I've actually they cater for me special I take my friend
Marcy from all greens in there and we sit down and have a private feast at the new pizza level test
stuff out 12 13 at 5 60 WQM summertime is still around man for another few weeks and even when it
gets in October and sometimes even November it is just hot as hell in South Florida only
ometh is a product that'll keep you in good health no matter how humid how hot how many allergies
are flying around all your ways of soft-tailed capsulets got a lot of good stuff for you when
you're health it's got the best olive oil you'll find anywhere combined with vitamins and minerals
and herbals to promote health for all different parts of your body they make one product specifically
for your prostate one for your heart one for your blood pressure one for your cholesterol they've
got supplements to promote health and your circulatory system your digestive and consistent your
skin your bones even your mind all using the benefits of the finest purest olive oil I
deliver fine and all your men's got products for men and females as well all your men's available
at Walgreens Whole Food Market tomorrow pharmacy and sedados as well go in there and speak in English
see how long you last don't forget if you want more information on this great product just
call your toll free number 1 866 Oliometh that's 1 866 O-L-E-O-M-E-D and you can order
products on the internet now I'm sure you know it at OliomethAmerica.com
this is 560 the radius of yours
Q-A-M
Howard David forgot about it that's what I say as that's a funny show idea if I may borrow a phrase
from the great Marty Allen hello there everybody in Paradise Land I'm Howard David
I hope you'll join me each and every Friday for my forget about it Joe that's what I open
the phone lines to all three of my regular low-income callers and let them vent on what's
bothering them I was up all night dreaming this one up at first I thought I'd go and would hand
puppet like Sandy Becker or maybe a fold to a vocal quistler quick but management and I agree
this will be a real showstopper now I run a family type show here so I don't want no references
to sticks jigger booze or baggage gusslers other than that I promise you a hilarious
gickery company a high jinks and open conversation forget about it Friday that goes for listening to
560 wqa I'm sure it does probably a 10 still eating more of switch cheese you know stop it I should
I should stop it first of all eating on ears bad that's why these shows are so much better
and sitting down there shoveling food my post-war I'm on ear I don't mind doing that but it's
just it don't sound good and then you get like mush mouth and especially when you're reading I
mean back in the old days I would sit there in the assholes on the phone you know I think you
read it the best and I know I'm not and of course it's easy to do when you got a mouthful of food
they don't know but when you have to actually talk when you have to articulate is he what I'm saying
for dog now like I will be a switch cheese in my mouth not good not good don't maybe I should
get some tonic to wash it down although I do have my diet coke my caffeine free which I wish I had
some champion light here they sent me two boxes only one of them made it here don't you hate that
is it actually coke or Pepsi no it's diet caffeine free diet coke see if I want to diet caffeine
pre diet Pepsi I probably have to schlep it back from dominion which is quite a waste from where I am
here and I only buy it because when you're smart you know when you walk around you're not using a
car you you buy your sodas at the convenience store which I have one right across the street
from my place here so the soda is the heavy stuff you buy worth close follow right and like regular
groceries which you buy a whole bunch of stuff it's not really heavy which you have to schlep
several blocks you just buy that at the good soot store which have a great 24 hour dominion not
too many blocks away a beautiful store and as great as my public is there in the acres this
dominion my brand new it's huge it's not you could eat off the floor in fact maybe I'll go
in there and do that today he read off the floor it's fantastic you've been in dominion now what
do they have in Chicago Piggly Wiggly I remember I remember jewel isn't that you're like Wiggly
Wiggly Field someone you're there now were you and ever Wiggly Field yeah now we're talking now
we're talking a real ballpark you know right what a beautiful place what a great place we did
shows uh did George ever tell you no Murphy's Bleaches across the street that we did some shows in IOD
and George came there the first day with us and helped set it up and then Disney put him on a
plane send him back okay you can go back now we're not playing for any more hotel for you
so George got like a brief taste of Chicago and that was about it and we did go to those
of places by the way not pizza reo no what's the other one I couldn't tell you there's another very
rather several of them famous there but they all have that same real real super thick I'll tell you
one thing boy you like food Chicago is a great place now Joey seeing his buddies they were debating
whether to come Toronto or Chicago and they made the right choice they had a good time here but
next time he's got a few bucks of course they'll be married by then like I said now that's okay
she's she's all right she's good she's got a good sense of humor so next time he and his buddies
want to have their reunion they go to Chicago they can stay at the um what's that real fancy at
the rich Carlton right downtown there um suspect that Alkaida financier nab US forces kept
your man who's believed to be a top financier for Osama bin Laden's Alkaida and it worked for the
or the Taliban during an operation in southeastern Afghanistan the military said yesterday
see that cheese again troops also detained at least eight other people and sees more than 150
clasped a cobblestone rifle 200 explosive booby traps a mortar several cases of hand grenades
rocket launchers rockets heavy machine guns and military communications equipment said
lieutenant colonel martin Schweitzer commander of the 82nd airborne third battalion the arrest
MSU weapons he just replaced during an operation champion strike which began Saturday and ended
this past two day the operation involving about a thousand troops mostly from the 82nd airborne
division was centered in the Burmelle Valley about 150 miles south of the capital of Kabul the
valley is in patica province on the border with Pakistan the operation began shortly after 8am
Saturday with the raid on the Burmelle bizarre about six miles from the Pakistani border that's
kind of like the swap shop is what i'm hearing kind of like the flea market between two and three
hundred soldiers surrounded the market and started searching by late afternoon soldiers had gone
through the 200 buildings in the bizarre resting 14 people including the suspected financier
eight of them were brought to the US military base in canar six were released he's a significant
target twice the said the financier was not identified it's great to get the bad guys and
now of course they're beating the crap out of them to get all the information we can that's
what we should be doing to keep the crack calling these to fuck to pull out their fingernails calling
them Assad from Israel and just uh... you know torture them to within an inch of their life
that's a good idea exactly FBI called search of voka anthrax building successful
all right the FBI said yesterday it's investigation that the anthrax tended for him home of the
national inquire my very favorite publication in the world by the way see i've done a complete
turn around on that used to be one of those skeptics used to always poop who the tabloids
and then over the years as i became more skeptical about the so-called mainstream publications
and i started reading the inquire in the other role i mean the other ones are good for laughs you
know once in a while the globe with the star or the sun has something that you know is accurate
but it's always good for laughs but the inquire
gets the accurate stories first like the robber Blake's story the oj stuff
they're on top of it so if you had the the stuff about uh... what's your name
britney poop in her pants poop sided again anyway the FBI said yesterday it's investigation
that the anthrax tainted for him home of the inquire would advance the national investigation
in the last years attacks oh i'm sure that what the FBI called its largest hazardous evidence
collection ever agents and government scientists obtain nearly five thousand evidence samples
during the more than five hundred fifty entries in the quarantine building owned by tabloid
publisher american media ink and we love american in media ink
using new techniques to search for large quantities of anthrax for is
investigators see i probably should have queued that up if i was going to do the story i was too lazy to
do it and practice using new techniques to search for large quantities of anthrax for is
investigators hope the return of the building of solid nations first fatal and for that
casualty would reason five the stalled eleven month old investigation the stalled investigation
is not sound promising and they keep bringing his hat till guy and because they know we got nobody
else to hang their hat on FBI spokesman judi or wella declined to say whether investigators
recovered the letter that brought anthrax into the building and fatally infected photo editor
robert stevens the letter is considered a key piece of evidence in the attacks and investigators
hope to compare it to those center congressional offices of senators patrick lehi of remant
and tom d'accholus out the coda five people died in the nation wide attacks another AMI
employee was hospitalized for weeks but recovered FBI officials spent twelve days scouring
the three story sixty seven seven thousand square foot building for clues and their attacks
ending their search on twos day election day it's just a coincidence federal officials
quarantined the building October 7th or wella said yesterday that the FBI's crime scene investigation
at the AMI building is over in the building is back in the AMI hands jerald mccalvey an AMI
spokesman said the company hasn't yet decided what to do with the building folk of mayors
Stephen Abrams who said he hasn't hasn't been told the FBI has finished said the city hopes to work
with AMI in the federal government and finding a way to clean it up and use it for something
well that's in boker right that building yeah i know somebody no but i'm saying it's in
boker i know some maybe you want to move in there but got about it oh you i sent it to bill
now some democratic florida said he'll introduce legislation that will legislation that will require
the federal government to take over the building or provide assistance to cleaning it up after
the quarantine american meeting movie of tent quarters to write it offices nearby to publish it six
outstanding supermarket tabloids including the inquirer the globe and of course a bizarre but always
very entertaining weekly world news 353 votes on our very very important survey today
what do you call softwares seems to be a nationwide battle going on about this as we try to
define who you people are and what you're all about oh sorry what do you call softwares soda
two hundred and twelve that's sixty percent soda i'll have a soda please
uh
uh
diet soda
well what about if you want like an orange soda do you would call it still soda though right
isn't it yeah it's all soda yeah see like here you say i'll have an orange pop i've
ever heard people say that i have an orange pop
soda two twelve coke seventy two twenty percent i don't ever drink that shmit thirty eight ten
point seven percent of this audience they don't drink crap like that they drink a little boo
vodka with their lungs maybe a couple of martinis with several extra olives in it
pop twenty five we're moving up there baby we're popping it
and tonic still stuck on six i wonder what the brits call it is it probably the brits would call
it tonic wouldn't you now in in europe when you get a die coque it's called cola light
were you aware of that no i was not well now you are seen that you're learning something on
this you're already decided fact you're not getting paid and clearance ain't doing much for me
without sales department you learn the third thing here cola light that's what it's called all
over Europe i coque you don't say die coque cola light in fact even on the can it says cola light
even in the can twelve twenty six it's five sixty wqm in fact when i was over there in european
aims today and i saw this ugly guy looked us like Gary Sarner almost every day he was in the
middle of town hanging around he was everywhere i couldn't avoid him which goes to show you you can't
get away no matter where you go from the qm sales department such as they are you know anyway
vip sportsbook dot com is the only sports book to be endorsed by all the industry watchdog groups since
nineteen ninety six i have a feeling i could be wrong but you want to take a look at the log ugly chuck
does ugly chuck got the log yeah i got it take a look at did they did they put some of these on here
three times today which is illegal they're going to get i'm going to throw the flag and penalize
the water not see fifteen yards if they did are some of these spots on here three times today
i'm checking it looks like it doesn't look like it but now maybe just feels that way you know
me saying anyway the casino times news recent issue says you can look but you won't find a better
overall sports book then vip sportsbook dot com maybe you're looking for more than just a world
class book that offers twenty four hour vip service and the safety of a leader how about the
highest parlay odds in the universe up to two thousand one minimum bette of only five bucks and
free withdraws twenty four hours a day and is if that isn't good enough a fifteen percent cash
bonus ended your first deposit man am i getting hungry guys this isn't some jungle book located
like in west day this is duck based vip sportsbook dot com where you treat it with class and your
money is safe sign up online to get a fifteen percent cash bonus ended that account or call them
toll free at one eight six six vip bets and that gets you started plunging your brains out it's
easy to get started get online and go to vip sportsbook dot com and don't forget when you sign
up online you get a fifteen percent cash bonus be a winner at vip sportsbook dot com where you are
the vip
we're supporting you five six you way yeah
hi
almost way too long turrets
call duck
mama y'all get off you duck
call up mom and see how she's done
why you can't we go down
when our computer goes online
why you can't we go down
everybody's gonna die
oh
people will panic with burns and i think i read that in a magazine
in a comic book store
if you believe it's the end of the world and see the market
crashing again
or there's a lady on the long side
or something away
cut thirty three at five sixty here's a great fact from one of our listeners
that says i spent ten years in the restaurant business and black people would
always ask for grape and orange soda i think you're right they like sweet drinks
like cool aid well i was Miguel's choice cool aid and i think i think you're
right about that too and i also think i'm right about hawaiian punch
the name makes sense to you if you like something really sweet
think different right cool aid i want to know i would think so
although not really i think a wine punch is even sweeter oh i was cool aid of course
now i don't think i forget because i haven't drunk it in so long
you haven't drunk in it i haven't been been
being drinking it but don't know you have to add sugar to it is already i
forget to cool aid you i'd sugar yeah right so so cool aid is the sweet as you make
it right so if you like something extra extra thing maybe it has something to
would like that lip thing you know like they're like you have like a certain amount of
taste buds in your lips you think we have taste buds in our lips are only on our
tongue you know like a real big i don't know
they have big lips maybe like you like something sweet anyway dark folks like sweet
there's no question about that which is probably why they like watermelon and butter pick
canned ice cream now it would seem to me that dark folks would love fish food
because boy you can't give and nestlies turtles now the joe tell you about that
he said he tried it yeah and what did he say to you uh what did he say he'd like
uh the fish would better but he loved the turtles don't don't kid me now don't don't try to turn it
around because i asked him when he was sitting right there he said well that's a tough call you
know he didn't want to make me feel bad but they loved it the three of them sat on the in the
thing on the other room there and they were like sucking it down like crazy and the turtles too
and also they were buying up all the candies that we have up here you realize that there are many
many kinds of candy bars like crunchies and uh several others that you can't find in the states
oh you got to send them over here no they don't need no candy okay chocolate lovers get it
while you can what is that a blistering rally on cocoa markets is starting to hit the wallets
of chocolate lovers with pieces of with prices rather of pure rich products climbing the most in
fact maybe nestlies turtle is going to go through the ceiling go right through the sky
addicts who save the intense semi-sweet taste of chocolate with high cocoa content are likely
to shell out more in coming months and speculators show no signs of curving a buying frenzy that's kept
cocoa prices hovering at 15-year highs well i'll be god damn first it's with a god in with a gas
pump whatever we were addicted to like driving prices of other sweets with chocolate coatings however
less affected since cocoa is only a fraction of the total content while in germany a price war and
weak economy as board makers to swallow the extra cause yeah let them swallow it there okay those
Nazi bastards the way that although i do love a cologne and berlin the way it looks now will have
and did i tell you that they have the best ice cream in the world in germany no you didn't don't
let anybody bullcrap you know the gelato and italy is wonderful and even in Amsterdam we have a
little bit of yeah but the best ice cream in the world is in germany i know that sounds strange
but man oh man it is to die for in fact if you go to germany it's a good chance you might
the way it looks now will have to raise our prices considerably again next year set an official
adduct premium chocolate maker drost which raised prices by 4% earlier this year drost
do you ever have drost chocolates they suck so they can raise their prices all they want
there is tasteless as like cardboard you never had drost chocolates the roe st never heard of it good
that's probably why you're still alive crap drost i mean you go like at the airport and you go into
the duty free shops and they have like a good diver chocolates and all these every other kind of
exotic chocolate under the sun all these other great belgian chocolates besides good diver and then
they got drost now you're gonna buy a bunch of tasteless crap that tastes like cardboard or you're
gonna get like some good diver man if you want to like kill yourself with chocolate good diver's
way to go make no mistake about it so anyway there's the story about price of chocolate going
up there's a squeezing us every way they can it's all if anything's good if we like it they just
squeeze and squeeze if like squeezing the big zit and all that squeeze as much as they can get out
of us i'm surprised they just don't pick us up bodily and like you know shakers until every
guy named dime falls out of our pocket 22 people treated for tuberculosis this is a fishy story
see i don't like fish and when i read a story like this i mean although i do like shrimp our
shrimp fisherman who's tuberculosis went on treated for months in fact at least 22 other people
official said the 31 year old man whose name was written out released had laryngeal tuberculosis
one of the most infectious forms because it became transmitted during normal speech
not just sneezing or coughing said Joseph jiblecki program manager for tv control in
mobile county alabama the man had the disease for nearly a month and his weight had fallen from
145 to 95 pounds when he was flown to a New Orleans hospital at the end of july 145 to 95 pounds
of 86 people tested 22 tested positive so far and we're being given medication while they had
the infection they had not developed a full blown disease test results of some of the people
were pending we believe we pretty much made contact with everybody he's exposed jiblecki said
those who haven't cooperated with the follow-up testing need to realize this can be a highly contagious
deadly disease after intensive treatment the hospital man was released in mid-August he was sent
back to alabama with the banjo on his knee and told him reports of the mobile county health
department while he was not contagious at that point he was told to wear a mask as a precaution
and continue with his medication this walker if both can walk around whatever we're gonna say
you can certainly walk around with a mask on your push in fact now that they mention that I have
seen people walking around with like uh have you ever seen that like an elevator seeing people
like some kind of a thing over their mouth if you're an elevator oh yeah oh can I apologize
again to that guy i'm so sorry and the pride you know something we never saw him again either
the whole time i was there i never saw him again well i don't think you'll see him no more
things like paulian the godfather drop the big bomb won't see him again probably left the building
probably resigned wouldn't i wouldn't blame him and like i said i'm in a fog i was thinking about
that again the other day in the shower i was like laughing my ass off three hundred and seventy
votes i think we're gonna make four hundred before the end of the show one o'clock you know that
because it's a very very important question on the pool today it's not like some man be panty
political thing you know like who you're gonna vote for because most aren't gonna vote anyway
here are a bunch of liars in fact the people that said need to one out of four yesterday they
were probably being honest most of these people aren't gonna vote especially after this debacle
this time i'm gonna though i'm gonna go over and oh it never reminds me i slipped my mind she
and then just had on a couple minutes ago it looks like they're not gonna have to have a recount
that's what secretary of state jimmy smith says he says that bill mcbride looks like he's
gonna be the winner he's got eight thousand more margin very close to it over general we know
and it looks like bill mcbride is gonna kick jab bush's ass in november man you think the
well was on drugs the other day that whole family's gonna be in their sharing with her pretty soon
their worst nightmare bill mcbride war hero good all around guy a guy from the west coast from
Tampa so he's got that kind of yahu appeal as well and the other the other great thing he's got
going for him in certain parts of date yeah he's not janitor reno excellent you put all those
together oh and you got a very formidable opponent okay a guy who in just a couple of weeks came
from oblivion from nobody had any even his family didn't know who the hell he was and all of
a sudden he kicked janitor reno's shaky ass and i know most of you people out there your democrats
voted for janitor reno bad mistake bad move trust me what i tell you maybe looking your wounds from
getting them you know don't be crying oh we want to recon just to be happy because the best thing we
can do is to debush ourselves in november have you heard the news about the three point nine five
percent mortgage well it's true so if you want to do something really positive for yourself and for
your cash flow now is the time to buy a home a refinance your existing home at the unbelievably low
rate of only three point nine five percent unbelievable if you have a seven and a half percent mortgage
the three point nine five percent rate would save you were three and a half percent over thirty five
hundred dollars the first year on a hundred thousand dollar mortgage make things easy
around yourself by picking up that phone and calling financial group one eight hundred nine four
oh led that's one eight hundred nine four oh fifty three sixty three getting a mortgage any
place else is going to cost you thousands of dollars extra each year think of all the money you can
say with a three point nine five percent mortgage financial group is up thousands of customers just
like you use put your financing in the best possible position get yourself that three point nine five
percent mortgage call financial group today tell them that old Todd wreck useless as a dog turned
Todd wreck told you to call one eight hundred nine four oh fifty three sixty three that's one eight
hundred nine four oh fifty three sixty three the Renekuil housing lender credit restrictions do
apply and don't forget rate something to change if you wait two damn long
some
ok
OK
Don't make me feel fine.
Would you invade my whole life?
Okay.
Would you tremble if I touched your lips?
Would you love if I touched your lips?
Now I just die.
It's difficult for me to love.
By invading my whole life.
It looks just like a zero way.
Oh!
I know I might make some pain.
It would be easier on me, baby.
Would you could find the K&Y?
Fractome.
Yeah, boy.
Would you unbuckle my heart?
Would you cry if I held my butt high?
Oh, don't you feel?
Make me feel fine.
I'm just invading my whole life.
Oh, please invade my whole life.
Yeah, he used to be like, good post-personal buddy and then he made it really, really big.
You know, when he started taking his clothes off and doing those emoting, emotional, sexual videos.
Now I'm small-putted.
He used to send me those personally autographed CDs.
How do you like it?
It happens all the time, man.
Just like Johnny Depp, there's another one.
Some people.
What does that mean?
In other words, when you're rich and famous and very important, then you're going to come back and see us.
No.
You're going to need to be votes at our pool.
What do you call soft drinks?
Soda, 229, Coke, 79.
I don't ever drink that Schmidt 42.
Pop, 26.
And Tonics got another one, seven for Tonics.
Oh!
This is enough to make me never want to go back to Europe.
This is story from CBS News.
Europe pulled on Y-9-11 happened.
According to a recent pool, a majority of people surveyed in six European countries.
Believe American foreign policy is partly to blame for the 9-11 attacks.
I just don't like their attitude.
Every time they get in trouble, they can want us to go bail them out.
But in the meantime, researchers interviewed people in Britain, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands,
Netherlands, and Poland for the survey, which was done for the Chicago Council on Form Relations,
and the German Marshall Fund of the United States.
The French were the most critical of US.
What did I tell you about those pigs?
The frogs.
The French were most critical of US foreign policy.
With 63% of the frogs saying, US foreign policy was partly to blame for the attacks.
The Italians were the least critical, 51% of them blamed US policy for 9-11.
Among the other four countries, 57% of the Brits, 52% of Germans, 59% of the Dutch,
and 54% of the poor saw such a connection, 59% of the Dutch.
What did I tell you about them?
Great country, nasty people.
Marshall Bowton, President of the Chicago Council on Form Relations, said to.
They, the poor, found that many Europeans also disagreed with how the US's handle conflicts in the Middle East.
Bowton said that when he was in France, some residents told him they perceive American policy as anti-Muslim.
They believe it's provided the scene which the terrorists can swim, so to speak, he said.
Europeans are more critical of Bush and is handling a foreign policy than Americans.
56% of Europeans say it's poor, 38% say it's excellent or good.
Americans gave the Bush administration's foreign policy a higher marks, 40% of poor, meaning it is good.
Despite their differences in Americans in Europeans, here many of the same views that Steve Grand,
and official with the German Marshall Fund, he said the line of events have strengthened the bond between the US and European allies.
It brought Americans to be more internationalist, recognizing that America's got more of an important role in the world.
At the same time, it's made Europeans more sensitive to the threats, and you see a real readiness on the part of Europeans to address these new threats.
Well, as far as making Americans more aware, I don't buy it.
I just read a whole story about that, one of the papers up here the other day.
I think over last weekend, saying that in spite of the attacks, Americans still have no idea about the rest of the world, even Canada.
They haven't got any idea where to fight it on a map with both hands, much less all of the European countries, and those Asian countries, forget about it.
No chance.
You think if you went up to the goddamn Dateland, for example, with a globe of the world, and said, okay, show me where the countries were unnamed, show me where Iraq is or Afghanistan?
How many of those people just say out of 100 people you think could show where it was?
Most of them were Floridaists, come on.
Yeah, but they sure can vote.
They sure know how to vote.
They almost take about it.
See, this is the problem with Florida.
You got too many goddamn old, old, old, dead people walking around pretending they're alive.
You got too many old Cubans who are living in a goddamn pac.
Maddick called Maddick on that crap.
That's a disgrace.
That's a shame.
And this Armando Gaudierre is with his big fat pupka in that ugly white shirt, which you got to wash once in a month, at least.
You know, make an excuse.
Well, they thought it meant gay marriage.
You know something that tells me one thing, stupid, because Mayor Pinga Picanian others went on Spanish language radio.
They explained it.
They let him know what it was all about.
So that's just an excuse for bigotry.
And they take these pools and talk about liars.
Liar, liar.
The thing is on fire, man.
All you silly old Cuban queens.
What the hell are you kidding?
Straight back on a banana boat.
Any Cubans over the age of 100?
You're out.
You're going out this weekend.
In fact, what we're going to do is have your swim back home.
Maybe you can find Ilyan on the way.
Don't forget, by the way, speaking of Cubans, Georgian Miguel and Voka Brian, who's going to wear a guile peridonite and a silly wig.
And the treasure is all located off the palm of that old North of the 120-second street exit.
Stop by for some really embarrassingly bad QA and prizes, because we have no promotional budget, okay?
And because the reen probably gives a good stuff to Moe.
And the prizes too.
And Budweiser's specials plus check out this week's feature Zoe Brittonite at Treasure Island.
When's the reen going to be performing at Treasure Island?
What week is that going to happen?
12.52 at 5.60 WQAM.
Matrix shopping is a gigantic waste of time.
Well, you see it's a good segment, because I was just thinking about a big ass.
Right, Tom.
And of course, you want to put your big ass on a comfortable mattress.
And the way to do that is call our good friends and Dalmatris, the experts.
People really know their craft man, 1-800-MATRUS.
When you dial that number, you'll be immediately if not soon or connected to a betting expert consultant,
or is it an expert betting consultant?
In other words, to make a long story short, somebody understands what it's all about.
And they'll hook you up with exactly the brand and kind of mattress if you want like a queen or a king or a twin or whatever.
And whichever brand you prefer, they've got only the best.
No off-brand, they got Serta, Sili, Simmons, King Coole.
How can you beat that?
And their prices every day of the year, every day of your life are unbeatable.
Out some phony sale, where they give you like a bait and swish, and send you some actress that you wouldn't buy with somebody else's money,
they give you the best and they deliver to you when it's convenient for you any day of the week, seven days,
within the two-hour window that you pick, like 11-1, noon-to-two, 1-3, 2-4-3-5, 4-6, etc. and so on.
So if you want to fan to AND they give you the 30-day-in-home comfort guarantee,
you'll let you try it out this smart way up to 30 days to make sure it's right for you and your back.
So if the old mattress is handed, get you a great new one at an unbeatable price, the easiest way in the world by just making one simple phone call to Dalmatris,
1-800-MATR-S, 1-800-MATR-ES, or look up up on that worldwide web at mattress.com.
Slide in local, we're sports radio 560, you ain't at UAM.
Oh God, Neil.
How you doing, honey?
Hey, can I buy you a smear at all?
I'm a friend of the hell.
Ah, it's my limo right outside.
Nixon take recorded calls and broken two hotels.
That's right.
Gerald Bort had trippin' fall on tiny pee with chill.
Oh yeah, I never trusted one damn thing Jimmy Carter said.
With a wire.
Reagan's biggest problem was his white big old damn head.
Now we've got a president who does much more than Blair.
Yeah.
Touch the knob.
You'd get the job, just lift that tiny skirt.
If you mind a ball is girlfriend, they tell D.O. Reena.
The thing is, if it slides, the third eye Clintons big oldie.
Oh, I'm not surprised.
I got his furry ball in.
And true, too.
Clintons big oldie.
I like this all.
Let's do another verse.
This time I'll help you.
He's partially young ones who make their homes down south.
The only job required man is have a purly mouth.
Then it's all better small.
They all fall in his tracks.
Let's go, honey.
Take a water.
Sit here on my lap.
You might bump into split-wheely at your local bar.
In the parking lot, it's special council-cannot-star.
If I sleep too foxy fillies, I sit down between us.
He'll touch it's top and he won't stop.
He's thinking with his Weena.
Oh, I'm fine.
I'm fine.
Oh, I'm fine.
Clintons big oldie.
I'm fine.
I didn't grab their weld all that.
Quite a few more of them up.
Quite you.
You're doing this to my lap.
I'm sure Miguel doesn't share my sentiments, but I miss him a lot.
I ain't no mistake about it.
You'd watch if he had a TV show, wouldn't you?
Who?
I'm sorry.
Anyway.
Excellent.
Just a sensational way to bring this affair almost to a close.
I broke a record today, by the way.
You'll be very proud of me and pleased to know that I have my clothes on, my socks and my shoes.
And you want to know why?
Art.
Because it's Thursday.
Thursday is made day.
Not made day, but made day.
The maid comes and says, I'm getting made today.
I'm getting made.
No, I'm going to be a made man.
It means you're a peshy.
Now, the maid comes in the afternoon Thursday, so like I get out of here right at 1 o'clock.
So during the breaks, I take the opportunity, like you know, clean up a little bit, put on a real shirt.
Because I've said you do the show on my walking shorts, you know, with no shirt and believe me, it's not a pretty sight.
So anyway, I'm all ready to go.
Am I even my shoes on, my beautiful shoes from my new balance?
I'm ready to go.
Outstanding.
392 votes on a pool today.
What do you call soft drinks?
I still wish we'd have put crap on it.
I would have been good.
But soda 234 in this crowd.
We got a lot of New Yorkers out there.
We got a lot of people from the Northeast.
We have many, many people from all of these places.
Coke, 79.
I don't ever drink that Schmidt, 45.
Pop, only 27.
So we don't have too many upstate New York people, is that I guess?
Or certainly not too many Canadians, eh?
All the way to the hockey season starts, man.
You already got my tickets in the mail yesterday at home?
Ready for the hockey season?
No.
Gonna be long, bad one, man.
Gonna be weak.
And last but not least, Tonic with seven.
The mad dog will be a tonic for years, one o'clock.
He's coming up next.
The hopper this afternoon, and why is Bino Cook on the Year?
