No!
No!
Now, the Neil Roger show on 516-122-A-N.
One million pounds for Neil Roger season to his house.
Absolute incorrect answer.
Oh!
Here's another one for you, Holly.
The Leicester charge.
Wasn't that Bernie Gansou saying there's another one for you?
I think it was.
I killed Bob Keach up.
It wasn't accident.
I busted the cabin in the air.
I know 2 at 560 WQA.
I'm happy Tuesday to him.
In paradise, everybody.
971 votes on our survey yesterday.
And of course, so we asked one of the strange questions that we asked on this show,
because unlike a lot of other boring shows, terminal shows where they pontificate and say nothing,
this is a strange show.
And it's always going to continue to be a strange show.
And no asshole is going to come in and tell us what to say on this show, whether it's politically correct or incorrect.
They can stuff it.
Whether it's stick or they can just...
Stick it as a matter of fact.
Well, we'll get to that in a second, okay?
971 votes on the survey.
We asked if you ever been required to swim naked in gym class, because...
And you see, when things happen to you in life, you assume that everybody else is required to go through the same crap
in high school in Canada, work academy in Canada, when New York, a little town of 10,000 people.
We were forced to re-required.
We were required to swim naked in gym class.
Not that it's a big deal, but it seems to me it's rather dehumanizing and embarrassing, especially you have a very small penis.
Anyway, no absolutely not 830 people said that, 85 and a half percent.
But that means 14 and a half percent shared that experience.
That's your end because Ms. Reloves company, right Howard?
Yes, in public school, 62.
Yes, at the YMCA 57.
Yes, in private or perocule school, 21.
So almost 15 percent of the audience had to be subjected to the same ignominious crap, embarrassment and humiliation as I.
Wasn't that makes me feel better?
Then I make you feel better, George?
Much.
Since you were the one who thought that all Neil just made that up, he's just talking more fang.
I think you made it up.
I just thought it was unique to your situation or maybe that town, that time.
Well, Canada is kind of an unusual town, but anyway, here's a fact.
I know that's right and with what I'm going to talk about because I was sitting here 715 this morning.
See, Howard, I know you're frustrated because you couldn't get George fired.
And that was a very good call.
Right to the end of the show.
That was excellent.
I know you're very upset because you got all paid out of shape about that baby Schmidt, you know, all that baby crap about those silly facts is all of which.
Basically, you said the same silly crap that we've been seeing here on the show.
But you see, we actually have an office pool.
That's what I discovered from some of the contacts I had.
Not George, George isn't the mole anymore, but from that big QA ratings party last night they were taken up an office pool.
How many people will Howard David try to get fired by the 4th of July?
And the way it's working so far, it's not going to happen.
Although we just have a lot of people very intimidated.
Some of the underlings who are very, very nervous because they know if they don't genuinely like Kisses Ring and look at them crosswise, then they're probably going to get the rest fired or at least he'll do his best.
See, here's a guy that came into town and if you'll recall, try to remember.
I was the only one after that article in very Jackass when he made the comment about how sports talk is boring and he's going to do this.
And of course Hank took exception to that and Mad Dog took exception to it.
And the other people on the station were like, eh, like that, you know, like what's this guy all about?
He's an asshole, things like that, which I guess maybe they were more perceptive than I was.
But at any rate, I stood up. I thought, hey, here's a guy who's like a national play by play guy.
I've heard his play by play. He's very good at that.
And it's, you know, it's great as opposed to having like some punk from off the street come in here.
So I actually did give the guy a chance and then I heard that show.
And of course I hear the great, the biting social commentary, the riveting social commentary that goes on every morning, most of which are incorrect.
But nevertheless, I don't know about you, but when I get up in the morning, I now, granch his sports talk can be pretty pondering, especially now when there's nothing really going on there, nothing except the baseball team that nobody cares about.
But the fact of the matter is when I get up and roll out of the second in the morning, I don't want to be like hit blindsided with all the morbid depressing stuff first thing in the morning.
With somebody pontificating like the authority of mankind. Anyway, here's this facts.
And then we'll get to back to Mohawar and his most. In fact, I would say that what I heard at 715 this morning was the most intemperate, irresponsible comment in the history of radio.
Let's go and mo. Not everybody can say that. I mean, the comedy made about Dave Johnson. That was just mo being stupid.
You see, this is this goes back to Greg Read again, just because some guys are good play by play guy doesn't make him into a talk show host.
You can sit any asshole in a world down behind a microphone and that doesn't make them a talk show host.
That doesn't mean that they know where to draw the line where they have any common sense or concept of the things that you say and the things that you don't say, such as the irresponsible crap I heard about 715 this morning, as I was sitting here downloading some stories.
Anyway, here's a facts from our young African American soldier. And by the way, I'd like to point this out to you, how I guarantee we got a lot more dark folks.
Listen to this show right now than you'll ever have if you're on the air for like a little more than five more minutes. Guaranteed.
We have many, many dark folks who listen to this show and you know something they understand this show. They understand the humor.
They got a good sense of humor, which they have to have to survive.
And this isn't the near Roger show didn't just start when you came to find it to town. Okay, sweetheart?
I've been doing this stuff and trying to desensitize people and lighten them up a few shades for years on this program.
And you can call it stick or you can just plain stick it if you like.
But the fact is no slob from out of town with a bad hair piece is going to come into this town with his lime green pants and tell me or Rogers or anybody else I don't think what to say on the air.
It isn't going to work sweetheart. Not going to happen.
I'm not worried about being politically correct as a matter of fact Bill Mars getting fired not because politically incorrect is out these days but because it was a crappy show.
Just keep that in mind. Ho it howie moho whatever to hell your name is. Just keep that in mind. People that do bad shows get canceled.
Anyway, here's the facts from our young African soul American soldiers says no collars. Stay firm. Well, I'm trying. I'm squeezing it right now.
Although this time in the morning. It's not too firm. It says Neil. I don't know if you were listening to the station this morning. Yes, I was.
But there was something said that really annoyed me an asshole caller named Pat called in and jumped Howard about the race issue and referenced the reporting of the young Hispanic girl and her boyfriend being kidnapped on the beach and later the female killed.
The caller was upset because Howard did not reported about the young black girl that was burned in a car a few nights ago. Well, first of all she was Haitian.
Secondly, I'm afraid of the entire reporting released because neither the police nor we know the entire story two guys with a Jamaican accent and dreadlocks just don't walk up to a female for no reason.
Push her into a car and set it on fire. They've got better things to do like monitor their street pharmaceutical sales.
See, here's a guy who knows where it is. Where be at. Howard then to suck the ass of the asshole caller named Pat played a very white song. I guess to prove that he's not a racist.
And then went on to say that he listened to that stuff on that very he listens to stuff on that very station. The guy would be shot in the head of was any other place.
Face it. He was talking about mad dog. Well, at least the African soldier got a good sense of humor. Why is it his responsibility to be poured on local news?
He's being paid to talk sports. It sucks that he's making so much and you are absolutely correct. Talk sports. Damn it. Why does he constantly try to slip in little innuendoes to get it you or your show? Well, the fact of the matter is he's an overgrown child.
And there's nothing worse than people who live to be a certain age like you know 65 70 whatever he is and just never outgrow their childishness because it comes back to ego.
Here is a man who really nobody needs. He needs an ego transplant. He needs an ego adjustment. You know, they're always talking about having attitude adjustment.
He needs an ego adjustment. Because those of us who've been in a business more than five minutes were not impressed by your ego by your pomposity.
We don't care. We don't give a crap. But anyway, the actual comment was in regard to that in the context of that conversation about race and everything he's saying that everybody is so sensitive now, which I find amusing because here's a guy that just a few months ago wrote this book called nigger and now we're desensitizing people from using that word and the idea being which I've been trying to do for years using words like kike and spick and nigger because they're just words.
They're just words. It's desensitizing people to that stuff so they're not all uptight and getting bet out of shape over just words.
But here's a guy that says, well, we've got and of course it's never by name. He won't he won't dignify me since the email episode by mentioning me by name on here and certainly not George at that little spick. I'm sorry.
Under the guise of stick we've got certain day parts on this stage and somebody if he was saying these things in other market, he would have a bullet through his head actually wrote it down just to make sure I got it fairly close.
Of course, we could have the clip from the audio from on the air, but he's got everybody so intimidated in the other room who work on a show that they don't dare provide that audio to us because then how would be running around he'd be on the phone with Greg and with corporate and have it a nervous breakdown trying to get them fired. We don't want to see that happen.
So we don't really need to have the audio to play it because I'm sure if you've actually heard it.
Under the guise of stick, here's a guy if he was saying these things in another market, he would wind up with a bullet through his head.
The most irresponsible comment in the history of talk radio, moho.
And if it was coming from somebody that I felt had any idea what they were doing, I might be concerned about it. Anyway, thanks to my African soldier for your facts because you're right on target. At least you got your thumb right on it.
But I guess it's the outpouring of frustration from the fact that George isn't getting suspended. George isn't getting fired and we're not going to overreact a bunch of baby crap.
In fact, I'm not at liberty to tell you all of the stuff that's happened as a result of his tantrum so far and how it affected some of the people in our building, but needless to say, there's been a lot of angst and anguish and ringing of hands in the psychosis because of much to do about nothing.
Grow up, sweetheart. That's my best suggestion to you. Check your ego at the door every morning when you walk in there, grow up and maybe like Geldy say something once in a while.
Even though with that squeaky voice, he actually knows what Ellie's talking about on occasion, especially about hockey. I didn't hear anything about hockey this morning.
I heard somebody hockin' a china about race and about politically correct and everybody's a python. We're all sensitive. I don't think that's the case at all.
Matter of fact, we're going to take a poll on that just to see whether I'm right or wrong. Whether I'm some kind of a racist son of a bitch.
We have asked that in the past, but this is a little bit different. Not that long ago, whether I was a racist. Remember that? I do.
Yes. But anyway, our question today, which is a little bit different, do you have any problem with Neil's comedy bits or comments about race?
Eric, let's make sure that race is in capital letters in dark black. I'm sorry. Race.
Here are your four choices. Know their funny is hell. Know I agree with them. Yes, he's a racist or know and how or David is an asshole. Those are your four choices this morning. Do you have any problem with Neil's comedy bits or comments about race, race and italics or capital letters?
I'll leave it up to you, Eric, since you're the expert in putting things in big dark black. Know their funny is hell. Know I agree with them. Yes, he's a racist or know and how or David is an asshole. Those are your four choices. Let me see which one I'm going to vote for. I'm thinking.
12 minutes after night at 560, your family station WQAM. That's right. We're family, baby. We be family.
See, and I wasted all that time talking about that crap. I got a lot of important stuff to take care of here today. You know what? I got some important stories.
Oh, don't put any of these people on hold, Miguel. Don't waste your time. In fact, let me let me take care of that one for you. There you go. Bye-bye. No calls today. Remember that song, No Milk Today with the Herman Cermets? Yes.
There's a good bit for broker Brian. No calls today. The callers go when we might have one thing. We do what is a call? It might be called No Calls. Huh? I don't know. I'll find it or call him.
When you work on it, okay? And you know something and more I hear you babbling about this in Mumbling. I'm thinking maybe Mojo's got a point. Just a joke. So how was the party last night? Fine. Wonderful. And you let me down again. Did I say call me when the party started? I thought I said that. Oh, I'm sorry.
Of course, that was Mogreen who said that and look what happened. I shot right in the head right to the glasses. Hey, it's Howard. Howard David.
Tonight a special history channel presentation. A reenactment from the actual transcripts of the Tuskegee Airman. Berlin, 1944. The German sky is darken with the first all Black V17 bombers quadrant.
Where are you from? How are we looking back now? I'm thinking for my team. Are you can be later? Just tell me when we open the talking. Yeah, we got the problem. We ain't got no balls. Oh, we got this boat of Ellen. Now how'd that be? We're still green. We're drop on anyway on these coordinates. 5, 6, 7. Oh.
Yeah.
Oh, he's one of a million doing here with a ski key. I'm in one or Melan's or day tonight. All the history.
See, there you go again. You relentless son of a bitch. You racist bastard. You 918 at 560 WQ AM. Maverick Dutch right wing politician.
Pim Fortune has been shot dead nine days before a general election, which his party was expected to make big gains in the Nittalans.
Fortune 54 was shot in a head in chest at least three times a close range 6 p.m. yesterday as he was leaving a radio station in Hilversome 20 miles southeast of Amsterdam 12 miles southeast of Amsterdam.
The killing is cast down over whether elections may 15 will actually go ahead. His death was officially announced later in evening by Prime Minister Wim Coke.
After this assassination, Pim Fortune is gone. Coke said in the hagg after breaking off the campaign engagement. This is a deep tragedy. I'm shocked. It's a tragedy for those post to him for his loved ones and for our country and our democracy.
The man was believed to have been carrying a gun as reported and arrested outside the media park in Hilversome.
Journalist Sandra van Horren told CNN fortune was shot in the head just behind his left ear and in his neck and his chest.
Fortune spokesman Matt Herbentold Reuters, the cigar-chomping politician, had received regular death threats. Most Dutch political leaders traveled with our bodyguards often using public transport.
The only exceptions were Coke as head of government.
Fortune, however, had his own bodyguards and his party headquarters in Rotterdam were always guarded. He'd been involved in minor scuffles with protesters in the past.
Opinion polls show that Fortune's newly formed leaf bar needle and party, livable Netherlands, running on an anti-immigration platform was on course to win about 15% of the vote in parliamentary elections,
CNN European political editor Robin Oakley said Fortune might have been part of a coalition government.
Fortune, a former TV analyst, was a plain-speak politician who targeted fears over immigration, saying that the Netherlands was full-up he criticized Muslims for not embracing Dutch culture.
He also said that being gay he would be persecuted in a Muslim country. He was a gay right-winger.
Eh? Well, that's what he was.
Fortune's rise mirrors a right-wing resurgence in several European countries, which we've talked about in France and so on.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair cancelled his visit to the Netherlands today, saying whatever feelings political figures arouse, the ballot boxes, the place to express them. In other words, please don't shoot me as what he said.
So there you go with that.
And it goes to show you crazy people with guns, no matter where they have been in the world, they are dangerous, crazy people with guns.
I just mentioned that for my good friend Glen and Miramar, and please don't fax me, okay, waste their fax paper.
I just mentioned that for your benefit and all the other NRA guns-squeezing assholes out there.
How's that new pool coming on there? Because this one I think is going to be pretty interesting.
And I'm going to tell you right now if I find that I'm offending a lot of people out there, I may have to reconsider those comedy bits, you know what?
Did you think?
How did you think?
Yeah, scrap them all.
Although it's funny when we took the pool about the comedy bits about the Volkabrion bits a few days ago, what was the most popular one?
The restitution song Kiss and Nigger Good Morning, which was very funny to some people including our new morning guy up until those emails that little incident.
But now this is way like a little child of getting back.
Done in the name of Stick, bop bop bop bop, hey, give it a rest, how are you okay? Blow it out your ass.
Pontificating, bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop, you know, I'm unimpressed.
Anyway, Car Arson burns North Miami women.
And this is the story that they were seeing how he and the other media people weren't talking more about this, and also that little girl, which we have a story about.
And the judge there about Rilla, a little five year old Rilla, judge Joe Letterman, she's having a nervous breakdown.
In fact, they keep showing her outbursts on CNN this morning.
Nice going. Let's vote for her. What do you say if she's in elected judge? She's the best.
Absolutely.
What's happening on the pool? Is your screen blank on here now? Is he working on it?
No, there it is.
What did I tell you? I'm telling you, my psychic, how about yesterday?
Remember I was talking to you on the phone about various matters?
And I mentioned Clarence's name, who's taken over while Duff's on vacation.
And I mentioned it and the other phone rang. And who was it? Clarence.
How do you like that?
My psychic powers are, I put that misclio to shame that bitch.
And I wouldn't even have to rip anybody off.
Let's put it on our website. Neal's psychic reading, something like that.
Let's see. Here's the initial seven votes on there.
Do you have any problems with Neal's comedy bits or comments about race?
No and Howard David's an asshole three. No, they're funny as hell two.
No, I agree with them one. And yes, he's a racist one.
I didn't know how it had access to a computer this early. I guess maybe in a bullpen.
Car arson burns North Miami woman. In North Miami police,
who tried to piece together the events that led to 21-year-old Oedaline Modestine,
almost being burned alive inside her car early Monday morning.
Modestine's injuries were so severe she couldn't speak as today.
So detective canvester North Miami neighborhood and interviewing relatives and neighbors
and sifting through the charred remains of her green Toyota Camry.
Lead detective Alonzo Ramer called the case very unusual.
He said monestines family told police she arrived at her house on the 1300 block
of northeast 135 street about two a Monday, but soon went out to get a book from her car.
That's when two men with dreadlocks,
who spoke with Jamaican accent.
Alonzo Ramer asked for her came up to her and asked for her keys Ramer said when she refused,
they ordered it inside the car,
doused it with a flammable liquid and set it on fire.
Laughing, they set the car on fire and ran said monestines by their patriots.
That's when she got out of the car and started screaming.
At first we thought that she was crying because her car was burning.
Yeah, man.
But he quickly realized his sister's cries were due to her burning skin and not because of the flaming car.
Unable to put his emotions into words all her father, Pierre Modestine,
could say was that his daughter was studying to be a teacher.
It's bad, very bad as he motioned to these sections of the body where his daughter was burned,
face neck, torso, arms and legs.
Olderline Modestine was in critical yet stable condition late Monday at Jackson Memorial Hospital's
Ryder trauma center with burns covering more than 36% of her body.
Neighbors said they smelled what they thought were chemicals or wires burning.
We thought maybe it was an air conditioner, then we heard this boom said Rudvy Taylor,
who was staying with nearby relatives, when we went outside,
saw it was a fire, we didn't know the girl was in the car.
Modestine recently graduated from IME Day Community College and is majoring in secondary education at FIU.
At IME Day she was introduced to a high school friend who would eventually become her husband.
Alcy Colan, 25, and Modestine were married Friday in a private civil ceremony.
He said the first time he saw her, he told her he was going to marry her Monday when he saw her at the hospital.
He wasn't sure what to say, she doesn't think she's going to be the same.
On Saturday, the day after their wedding, here comes the very suspicious part.
The day after their wedding, the backseat of Modestine's car was slashed,
police are looking for a possible connection between the Duincent and North Miami police spokeswoman Kathleen Rogeiro.
Colan said he doesn't have any idea who might do this, she didn't have any enemies.
How do you like that?
Sir, a couple of Jamaican scumbags, I just mentioned that in passing.
Now is that a racial comment?
When I say that?
Yeah, sure, who cares?
Oh, it's not.
No matter who the hell did it, they did it.
I thought you were talking about the word Jamaican.
Don't pick up, what is that?
Oh, don't pick up, is that the tune of Don't Hang Up by the Orleans?
That's it.
See, I only broke a Brian and I remember Don't Hang Up by little Eva and the, that was the cookies.
Little Eva and the cookies.
A few Orleans that don't hang up.
Oh, don't pick up, is that what it's called?
That's what I find out.
Don't pick up, don't need those chronic collars.
Don't pick up, don't.
The famous swordsman of Ascoles, that always called you on the phone.
Wanna hear their voice on the radio?
Don't pick up, they contribute nothing to the show.
Don't pick up, no, no, the show sounds fine this way.
Don't pick up, no, no.
We've already heard it all, thank God he'll not have the balls to do his show without the calls.
Don't pick up, let them go find something else to do.
Don't want chronic collars like the guy with the eyes.
No more armies you and your two, and that is gone.
Thanks to you.
Don't pick up, no, no.
We like the way it's going.
Don't pick up, no, no.
What more can these morons add to order you a bunch of packets of bags?
Or can I call someone to back?
Don't pick up, in their place the back machine will do.
Excellent, good timing, 927 at 560 WQM.
P.S. it's a freaking catchy song, Love We We.
I love comma We We.
That wasn't like an editorial comment, as in Love We We.
They want us to find a way.
There reimbursin' for back pay.
Yes.
From 200 years ago, when they were slaves.
Long me 50 dollars.
When I only have a mobile home.
A pitful and a pinch of skull.
So if you want to ask me how, here's what I gotta say.
You've got to kiss a nigga good morning.
Alright.
You're dealing back inside it for its labor tomorrow.
Kiss a nigga good morning.
And that's where everybody was dead and gone.
If I was born in 1802, holding slaves ain't something I'd do.
But what for dead people did to you?
I have to take the blame.
When you're still four and old, not yet.
With a can of Spanish area impact.
It's hit a 40 acres and a few.
I have a better way.
You've got to kiss a nigga good morning.
I want to give you a kiss.
And put on how it fair and more in frame of two.
Alright.
You're a nigga good morning.
And that's your reason to do so for its life and you.
You're a nigga good morning.
And him that you're sorry for its labor tomorrow.
You've got to kiss a nigga good morning.
And that's where everybody was dead and gone.
There you go, we will be that's for you in 1935-65.
The Shanley is getting a reign there in Cambridge, Mass.
Night that he is dumbfounded by apparently a new batch of documents that have been unearthed
at the Archdiocese of Boston on Monday.
What we do know so far is the documents that have been released by the Archdiocese
have been incredibly damaging.
They show the Shanley advocated sex between children and adults and that he was an early adherent of a group
that later became the North American man.
Yeah, we know all that Paul, that's old stuff.
We'll give us something new.
Give us something exciting and new that we don't already know, bitch.
God, that Paul is on, man.
Barbie doll.
Are you watching CNN?
Right now.
You see that he's standing there with a look on his puts.
Man.
What a model case.
Your troll.
Oh, brother, old troll is an understatement of the century.
And there were reading documents before during the break.
I was listening to some of the audio about some of the documents that were passed from the Archdiocese
from the honorable Cardinal Law and back and forth from this one and that one about well,
how he had plans to like live in a foreign country and like to be anonymous and with a PO box in the US
which probably would be the best advice at this time, et cetera.
So in other words, let's ship him off somewhere where he can go hide instead of putting him in jail where he belongs.
Well, guess what? Did it work?
No.
No, thank goodness.
Thank the Lord.
Thank you.
Good.
Right.
Scombat.
I know from materials that I'm not going to do here for the first time this morning.
This is his lawyer.
How'd you like to be his attorney?
How'd you like to be an ISPO guy's shoe?
No thanks.
Representing a serial child molester.
Scombat son of a bitch.
Anyway, hey, the second annual Goldies gang golf classic benefiting underprivileged children in South Florida is coming up Friday, June 21st at the Inveri Golf Country Club 75 bucks a player, two man scramble for more info call 305-650-0163 or you can get more information about it on the QAM website, WQAM.com.
That's coming up June 21st Friday in very country club 75 bucks a player.
So you got a lot of time and I'm going to stick that back here.
We'll give some promos because Geldy's a good guy, right?
Even with a squeaky voice, we like Geldy and what a shame he has to work with that piece of turd.
Speaking of race, court rules against doctors will that required money to be spent on white patients.
This is quite a story.
Yeah.
Thanks very much again to my Boston.com fanatic out there who keeps facts me this stuff every day.
That is a great website.
It's the Boston Globe ongoing in other words, current news stuff that keeps coming off from the Boston Globe site.
Boston.com.
Anyway, Baltimore, Maryland appeals courts, ended a legal battle over a doctor's will that left several million dollars to a home for the elderly but required that the money be spent on new building for white patients.
The Maryland Court of Appeals, who had yesterday said such provisions are illegal and cannot be enforced by the state's courts.
The ruling addressed in 1962, well, of Dr. Jesse Coggins, he left money to the Keswick Multicare Center in Baltimore but attached this stipulation that the money go to white patients who need physical rehabilitation.
There would be like if I left all my money when I have left after matured, decimated my portfolio, well, left all my money after I croaked, after I take that bullet to the head to like golden retrievers.
You see what I'm saying?
Yes.
All you can do that, can't you?
I guess?
Yeah, sure.
Well, no, because they have like doberman rescue.
The dogs have like various, I'm not comparing dogs with people, but I'm just pointing out that you could do that and nobody could make a big stink about it.
Well, how come we can't separate the money while anyway?
In its ruling, the Court of Appeals held that the center was in tend to about $30 million.
The ruling overturned a 99 circuit court decision that went against the Keswick Center, which is contented for years, it should not lose the money simply because it does not discriminate on the basis of race.
The will provided that if the center follows the provisions, the money should go to the University of Maryland Medical System instead.
Judge John L. Ridge wrote that the question was whether a court will enforce the racially discriminatory condition by ordering that the proceeds be paid to the alternative beneficiary.
I answered this question, shall be no.
L. Ridge wrote, instead the provisions of the will should be applied without giving any effect to the word white, without the word white in there.
So in other words, some shfarts, some Chinese, some Japanese, some Honduran, some Mexican, some Cuban people might get it instead of just white people.
Former South Florida altar boy says he was forced into orgies with priests dissonous unsentinel.
Boy, Hollywood, Florida no less.
A former altar boy sued the Vatican, the Archdiocese of Miami and two Roman Catholic priests yesterday saying he was forced to participate in orgies with priests as a teenager 30 years ago.
The new lawsuit filed against father Ricardo Castelano and father Alvaro Gui Shard is in connection with a three decade old sexual abuse case according to law offices of Herman and Murmelsstein which is located on Sterling Road, probably not too far from Mommy's house on Sterling Road.
You know Sterling Road? Very well. You know the Ark? Of course. Don't eat there. Never been there. Good, don't eat there.
The former altar boy is 45 year old Jose Albino, Crius, Jr. He's the second male to come forward claiming he was the victim of the two priests while they worked in the church of the little flower and Coral Gables.
The pseudo ledges Crius then around 15 was sexually abused by the two priests then forced to join a sex ring and sexually service visiting priest over a three year period.
I didn't want to be here. I don't want to be here. I'm here to stop this from happening to other kids. Courier said noting that Castelano and B. Shard are still priest in South Florida.
Courier, maybe I'm pronouncing that right wrong. It's a very serious issue.
Courier said he could have sued anonymously but the only way to handle this is to confront this and say my name.
Courier specifically charges that both Castelano and B. Shard hosted orgies at the church of the little flower where the priest had sex with numerous teenage boys.
Courier also alleges Castelano's operated a teenage prostitution ring where he and other boys had sex with visiting seminarians from Rome.
The abuse occurred between 1971 and 1974. He said he's speaking, seeking unspecified damages in the suit which was filed in circuit court in Fort Lauderdale yesterday.
Archdiocese of Mimey spokeswoman Mary Ross Augustus said yesterday she couldn't comment on the allegations because the Archdiocese of course hasn't ever received a copy of the lawsuit.
We Shard now works at St. Francis the sales Catholic church in Miami Beach, Castelano says pastor at San Isidro Catholic church in Pompano Beach.
The new allegations against the two priests came just two weeks after Rita Chinchilla and Miguel Chinchilla senior Coral Gables filed a lawsuit in dates circuit court alleging that Miguel Chinchilla Junior was repeatedly molested in the 70s by two priests who were main active in local art stices.
Chinchilla Junior died in 1993 at age 31 after years of drug abuse and promiscuous sex that his family said was triggered by the abuse.
Church officials in Miami denied the charges as did the Guishar to Castelanos. All of them said the family is hoping to make money.
They specifically point to a 1988 affidavit sign by Chinchilla Junior in which he exonerated the priest and said he was pressured by a therapist to make up the allegations and of course that was later that story was later recanted.
So there you go you believe whoever you want okay I would say that their threat or their credibility at this point a little bit thin right the church I'm talking about just a little bit thin any of them any of them men and dresses.
There's father Shanley the greatest physical complete innocent who has no inclination to run.
Right lock the door and throw away the key just like I'm guiding light okay.
Want a lollipop little boy.
Now see here are you.
They call me Mr. Reaves.
Oh one day soon I'll win a race in my rocket.
Idiot.
Oh well hey baby you showed up.
Find today.
Oh home Mr. Reaves.
Did you win the race?
Oh well I came in to the third of this place.
Well your earth don't tell so we're gonna play.
Well get that honey.
How's about a date?
I'm gonna hang on a date that chance.
Not if you keep calling it last.
That's why you don't go out with me.
You ain't too slow you can't compete.
Where'd I make it slow on the street but I showed be fast on my feet.
They call him Mr. Reaves.
946 happy Tuesday to 8 here on 560.
QM we got the mad dog Jim Manditch and one Hank is back from Malooville.
Hank will be on from 3 to 630.
Baseball pregame at 630 the pod raise in town to play the Florida baseball team at the 705.
8 to key after baseball and Joe and Mark the dirty boys overnight 2 to 6 in the AM.
And then we start all over 6 o'clock in the morning with Mohone.
$750,000 bail a day prosecutor wants for a Reverend Shanley.
Witness.
Lich victim or witness.
How do you like that?
I sure hope the arts dice he's done all of a sudden find that money real quick since they're crying and poor mouth to the victims.
And Cardinal Law is making it up as he goes along but a beat better move the set stuff.
Here's a facts.
Did you read this before you facts this to me?
Yes I did.
Here's an idea for a new pool.
Ways to give you a bit of Mohone Howard.
Now see first of all I don't unlike other people on the station.
I don't try to get anybody fired either George or anybody else including some of the other hosts.
I've never played that game before and not going to start now but nevertheless here's an interesting list.
One choke him with his wig.
Two sent him on a weekend trip to the Middle East.
Three cinnamon and rumolone and make him listen to the best of the Moe show.
That should be painful.
Four hang him by his nuts.
Oh never mind.
He doesn't have any see.
These are a nasty vision.
In fact, you know what they are George?
They're not nice.
No they're not.
Sign from a Moe hater.
I'm his spanic and think you're hilarious and do not find your racist hotel Moe to a kiss your ass.
You can kiss my ruin.
There you go Moe.
That's for you sweetheart.
Kiss my fat old pimpley ass.
On second thoughts state of hallway.
DCF worker told Judge five year old Rilia was fine after her disappearance.
He said, oh we're fine.
Yeah.
Miami honest this judge.
Judge Letterman and my pronouncing the writers at Letterman.
I don't know.
L.E.D.E.R.I.I.I.
And I think it's Letterman.
I think it's Letterman.
No relation to David misspelling Jewish.
Oh, which child welfare worker in charge of a missing five year old girl told a judge during these 16 months after the child's disappearance.
That the girl was just fine.
The judge said yesterday.
Oh we're fine.
Nearly two months after where your Wilson was last seen in January of 2001.
Case worker Deborah Muskely, a circuit judge Cindy Letterman ruled the child was in date here.
What is it?
Case worker Deborah Muskely told Sir Geiss A.Leth the word out.
That's because of this damn article.
That's because of the Sun Sentinel.
Okay, you know, when you print stuff out off your website at the Sun Sentinel, every now and then it leaves words off the edge of the page and it makes it look indecisable.
And it makes everybody look like an ass.
Okay, I just mentioned that for the Sun Sentinel that we doesn't care about details and making mistakes.
In a report submitted August 31st, 2001, Muskely said Rilia's custodian was addressing her needs.
The juvenile court judge said.
Aside from everything else she misrepresented the child's well-being to this court letterman said.
And she was smoking. She was pissed off. In case you haven't seen that video about 500 times, she was fired up and pissed off.
Detectives are now treating Rilia's disappearance as a possible homicide.
Investigators are waiting for DNA test results from police in Kansas City, Missouri to see if a girl found beheaded their last April was Rilia.
The actions of Muskely who resigned in March for her performance in other cases are among the targets of an investigation into Rilia's whereabouts.
It is absolutely despicable what happened in this case, Judge Letterman said.
Despicable.
What he just said, Rilia was ultimately the court's responsibility but said she held the Department of Children and Families to blame and hinted that Muskely could face charges of perjury and making false statements.
Ed Griffith, a state attorney's office, spoke to him to climb to comment whether Muskely is facing any charges calling it a broad ongoing investigation.
The Department of Children and Families said Saturday that now it requires supervisors as well as case workers to visit every child's home and caregivers and children ruled enough to write will be required to sign a log after every visit.
They're going to make them sign their log.
I think that's what the priest were doing too, weren't they? They said, here sign this, son, sign my log.
God.
And like I told you last week when everybody was getting all psychotic and it was a horrible story about the girl that got killed in her boyfriend with his next life, crap happens every single day.
There's more and more of these stories, whether they're white, Hispanic, they're black, whatever they are.
It's grotesque and barbaric and unacceptable but it's part of the American F and way. It's just life.
Life and death because it's a violence society with a bunch of animals running around with no respect for human life.
For priest of the Joliettais, he's accused of sexual misconduct. They've been relieved of their duties bringing to 10.
The number of priest of diocese has removed amid a sexual scandal, roiling the church.
Diocese officials say yesterday, roiling. Don't you like that word?
It's like boiling but better.
Isn't that what they say in that CCR song, roiling, roiling, that, that, and in here?
Yeah. I think that's what they be saying. Maybe they're just not pronouncing it right.
See, there he goes again. How's that pull comedy before I continue with this story?
Do you have any problems with Neil's comedy vits or comments about race, race? Not the horse race, not the Derby race, not the Palpatot part.
And here's the result so far out of 109 votes. No and Howard David is an asshole 65. That seems to be leading by a large margin.
No, there are funny as hell 32. Yes, he's a racist eight and now I agree with him for so 101 are like, you know, don't have any problem.
Well, then there's eight folks out there who are still listening, but they think it's racist. They think it'd be bad.
Anyway, getting back to this story from Jolietta, Illinois.
Last month, don't you love people that say Illinois? No, I hate them.
Oh, and there's another thing about people from the Midwest, not that I want to generalize.
But they have this way of pronouncing words like M-I-L-K. They pronounce the I as an E. They say milk. Yeah. Have you ever heard people do that? Yes, I have. Yeah. Why do they do that?
I don't just like when Bill Cullen on a prices ride. Love Bill Cullen on the original prices, right? But he was from the Pittsburgh area. And there's another Midwestern expectation they have like in Pittsburgh, which is not really the Midwest, but it's kind of like sometimes lumped in with it for some reason.
And they'll say he's used to say doors instead of dollars, dollars, dollars. Why did some people down here say Miami?
Oh, Kester Yahoo's Yahoo's. But the old crackers even Irv Shinler and old Jew. They used to work with me on KAT. He used to say WKAT Miami Beach Miami.
And that's because he's a good old Southern Jew, I guess that he would say that.
Can I get back to this story, please? Since we've only got 7,000 child molesting stories.
Last month in a delayed response to lawsuits brought by alleged victims, Bishop Joseph Imash of Joliet turned church files over to local prosecutors covering all cases of alleged sexual abuse by priests. No charges have yet been brought against them.
Imash and auxiliary Bishop Roger Kaffer informed personers of the affected churches during mass on Sunday. Those removed were father Edward Poff, a semi-retired priest who assisted with masses at St. Pat's Church in Jolietta.
He was accused in 1994, father Lowell Fisher. Oh, and of course not with a bunch of names of people that you know who you own, who they are. Just a bunch of child molesters alleged.
Here's another one. Oh, geez. And you know, when you're hearing all these stories and they're coming from all these different parts of the country, you're wondering, well, all of this story is going to come in from Green Bay and Kalamazoo and Rochester and Albany. And you see what I'm saying in Sue City.
See, we're only hearing a selected group and obviously wherever there are priests, there are our pedophiles. I hate to make that generalization, but I think I am absolutely correct.
I think I'm safe in saying that since there seems to be this epidemic. For example, here's another one from Charlotte. Didn't we have one last week from Charlotte? I think we did.
Because I was talking about the Carolinas and your affinity for North Carolina because you have a place up there in its sheep in the mountains, right in its sheep and there's no people around.
A sixth priest in the Roman Catholic diocese of Charlotte's been accused of sexual misconduct. How do you like that?
Oh, diocese spokeswoman John Joanne Keene said yesterday that reports them from an alleged case of sexual abuse that occurred nearly 40 years ago involving a priest who since died.
She said the diocese is required by law, turn over the allegation to it. Oh, we don't care about that. You know what I mean? That's not worth our time. We don't have time for that crap. There's too many dead child molesters. Let's stick with the ones who are alive. And for example.
Oh, yeah, here's here's my favorite. This is the priest story of the day. Oh, even more exciting than Reverend Shanley getting.
Coming on across there in Cambridge. I was going to say a rain, but that's not fun. You know, he's getting nailed to the cross. Wouldn't that be great?
You think they would burn him at the stake in Boston like down there in front of a right in the middle of a coply square like I said the other day. I think that would be great. In fact, I'd like to match.
It burns. Priest resigns over Marty Grappic. You're this is one of the great stories in history mankind. It's short. Humal Louisiana. I wonder where the hell that is. H.O.U.M.A. My pronounce and that right. No clue.
Homa, Homa, Homa, Homa, Homa. In fact, you know, the first person that ever told me about that place was Rimmer.
Yeah, that's what he said. That's what he called it. Anyway, Homa, Louisiana. And see when you're Louisiana, don't make any difference how your pronounce names anyway because everybody there's pretty much illiterate.
A Roman Catholic priest has resigned as pastor of a church after a coffee table book showed him shirtless in a Marty Grapp crowd next to a drag queen and well muscled men in biking shorts.
The Reverend Thomas Bouteri, 47, pastor of the St. Louis Church in Bayou, blue. Oh, I love them. New Orleans names, don't you?
Bayou, blue appeared in the book masking in the madness. The diocese of Homa.
Oh, I see. It's also it's like a one of those like Nina, Mn. Ashow, Wisconsin. The diocese of Homa, Thibido feels that these photographs could be a source of scandal for some and thus prevent father, buttery from effectively exercising his ministry.
Well, that has like a little little to it, doesn't it? A little prevent father, buttery from effectively exercising his ministry.
Diocese, spokesman Lewis Aguirre said statement on Monday yesterday in a statement. Buttery said no allegations of abuse of any kind have been made against them.
The photos were taken last year in New Orleans, French quarter, which is known for rockest parting on Monte Gra and lots of factory and drag queens and stuff like that.
The question to Richard Lou Ketset, he was troubled by motorist resignation. If you're going to judge somebody's dress in Monte Gra, you must not be from here, Lou Ketset.
If Jesus came to Monte Gra, where would he be? I have a feeling he'd be right there. That's right right next to the drag queen and the well muscled men and biking shorts. Right about that.
Oh, you bet. Don't you think he'd be there? He'd be on a float. In fact, didn't they always say that Jesus was coming back on a motorcycle?
And for Wilder, Jazz McKay was trying to prove, you know, claim that he was he was he be him for a little while there.
And I think the cops people were buying it until they open up that crypt.
A state judge yesterday ordered Cardinal Law to be deposed tomorrow in the sex abuse case of the Frog Priest John Gagan.
Suffolk, superior court judge, Constan Sweeney, who's also by the way pissed off just like Judge Letterman ordered Law to answer questions in the case tomorrow morning.
But the not a request by plaintiffs attorney, Michigan, or a median that law be required to post a ten million dollar bond if he left the state.
Sweeney said the court had significant concerns whether law would be available for deposition unless it was ordered soon.
His choice of whether he he's available for deposition is done entirely belonging to him. She said if the Pope tells him to go to Rome, he goes.
She denied a request by the art star sees for a seven day notice before the deposition.
Hereby, who represents 86 alleged victims of Gagan was pressing on with litigation following Friday's decision by the art star sees to back out of a settlement agreement.
The art star sees finance counsel rejected the settlement agreement with the yearbytians clients because of concern about the growing number of people legend clergy abuses we reported yesterday.
If only got 30 million it might be like hundreds of millions.
Meanwhile, another attorney representing 150 alleged sex abuse victims wrote to the art star sees of Boston to suggest a mediator be appointed to provide a vehicle for those alleged victims who want to settle their cases.
The lawyer Rodrick Mithley said many clients intended to pursue lawsuits especially after the art star sees back out of its settlement in the Gagan case on Friday.
So cardinal law unless he shipped off the role in the interim will be he's going to testify with the parliaments tomorrow morning.
How do you like that?
I'm just going to have to be given a sworn deposition.
Is he going to swear on the Bible?
I guarantee you and the first time he's swearing especially lately.
Were you fudge packing?
My guest tonight is the rare person who wouldn't have to change her name if she became a porn star of jewels here.
Where's the weirdest place you've ever had sex?
I love sex really.
Is there something you practice everyday?
Where do you fall? Are you good at it?
Yeah sure.
I'm so good at it now.
Can you show me?
I'm serious.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
So not you guys.
Are you alright?
I think it's off?
No.
You should have sex in as many places as possible.
I just...
Too long everybody!
Oh right.
Hopefully not with Carson Daley though we pray for that.
It's a 1002 at 560 WQM. Happy Tuesday to you.
Guess what's starting right now.
There's Judge Letterman again.
I'm worried about the status and well being and placement of this child for one year.
Why would you think I would allow the department to remove this child sibling without my consent?
Why would you even think that?
And why would you try?
What is the department hiding?
I had a girl.
You go girl.
Well she's the best ain't she?
I love that.
They keep showing that over and over again as poor Rhea.
I mean I don't think you see her no more.
You know?
Little five year old girl.
And I don't care what anybody says but the fact that the matter is George and I were discussing this before the show today.
She's considered to be well like another little crack baby and nobody cares.
We can't find a real father and a mother and grandma and you know just another little kid lost in the system vanished.
Pathetic.
And what I started to say is...
Michael Skaikles murdered a fence could get a boost of members of the famous Kennedy clan to show up to support their relative that says this is from the AP.
But prosecutors have their own asset in the charming and graceful woman who generates widespread sympathy.
The trial is starting right now this hour.
Let's hear it.
Oh!
Finally.
You think they're gonna ever convict the Kennedy of anything?
I don't think so.
Maybe this time.
Doris just this once.
I don't think so.
Dorothy Moxley, whose daughter Martha was blood into the blood into the death of the golf club in 75,
is expected to be the first prosecution witness to testify as Skaikles' murder trial starts in just a matter of moments this hour.
This hour get on the edge of your seats.
Moxley is not expected to offer concrete evidence.
Though her diminutive presence looms large, she campaigned.
That sounds like something D.Fa would say.
Looms large.
She campaigned for nearly 20-70 years to find her daughter is killer.
Michael Sherman Skaikles' defensive attorney has recognized the sympathy factor.
He repeatedly asked prospective jurors if they'd be swayed by a desire to provide Moxley closure, even if the state could not prove its case.
Closure.
As in closure, Martha's ravenous nuts.
I just think it's important for the jurors to understand it to acquit Michael Skaikles.
They're going to have to look at her and make her unhappy, Sherman said.
She's a factor in this case.
I think it's better to address it than to ignore it.
Now, 41 Michael Skaikles accused of killing Martha Moxley when the defendant victim were 14-year-old neighbors.
Skaikles is the nephew of Ethel Kennedy, who's crazier than a bed bug by the way, and talks to Bobby through the psychics, through the amidiums.
She ought to be on that show.
What's that quack show, which I still have no idea why they were there after Miss Cleo, and yet they let this asshole on the day.
Crossing over with John Edward.
That's not his real name.
Crossing over with John Edward.
His real name is John McGee.
What a... how can they put that on the ear and assholes watching that crap, talking to dead people on the ear.
That's even worse than the IMA show.
At least he's got a few live people on with him.
Like that news guy that sucks his ass everything, his brother Fred on the phone, we never see.
Probably just as well.
Anyway, there you go. The Skaikle Trial is getting underway.
There's a little something to sink your teeth into while we wait for the Robert Blake Trial, where George is going to go and personally testify that the bitch deserved it.
In fact, you know something, you really blew it, because you should have taken a suspension.
You could have taken some time off if you could have picked the dates.
Now, I'm sure that you could have had them fly you out there.
I'm sure they would love to have a witness for the Blake side. They need all the help they can get.
Had you go out there and say, hey, she's a piece of crap, she's trailer trash, she's a devious, dangerous scamster.
A con artist.
A scamster, right?
Here's that more on that story, like right here where I am, which I told you about a couple weeks ago, and it's coming to a head.
I better not say head and conjunction with the story, that's a bad choice of words.
In order to get a prom date, Mark Hall has a court date.
The gay Aasua teen, that's Aasua Ontario right up the road, eh?
From me. The Aasua Ontario teen has taken a fight to have his boyfriend accompany him to a dance to the Ontario Superior Court in Whitby.
The Durham Catholic School Board has already vetoed the idea claiming it's against the homosexual lifestyle.
See what I don't understand is, are they going to have sex at the prom?
No.
I don't think so.
So what the differences it make?
Hall feels he's been discriminated against on the basis of sexual orientation is seeking $100,000 in damages.
He believes his chances are good.
I have my tuxedo. I'm getting a limo soon, so I'm pretty optimistic.
So is his lawyer, David Elliott, who argues the board's position violates the charter of rights and freedoms.
This notion that somehow because of the Constitution, Catholic schools are above the law is just wrong, he insists, and we have a public policy in Ontario that says the discrimination based on sexual orientation is wrong, and that applies to Catholic schools.
Lawyers for the school board get there say two day.
A quick decision is imperative. The Prometman Senior John Perima Catholic Secondary School is scheduled for this Friday.
So we'll keep you posted on that, okay?
Because I know everybody's on pins and needles waiting to hear about that.
Aren't you?
Absolutely.
But there's an interesting line in there from that attorney David Elliott who says, the notion that somehow because of the Constitution, Catholic schools are above the law is just wrong.
And of course, isn't that what we hear like with this business about canon law?
And well, we'll just ship him off and we'll do this or we'll just defrock them or something like that, as opposed to anybody else, the brick layer, the plumber, the radio sales guy, anybody down the streets that they molest the kid, they're going to jail for 20 years at least and locked the door and throw the key away.
This idea, once again, you know, it's not just enough that they don't pay taxes and they can go on in like a kind of public with all his fakery and just fleece the money out of their pockets.
That's not bad enough.
But hey, we're above the law, baby, we make our own laws. We'll decide and we'll sit around and talk to the old man over there and see if he'll let us do anything about it or not as the case may be, depending on who's pulling his strings and how things are in Sicily this week in Sicilya.
Yeah, let me show you Sicily.
Tyson?
I better get to this story now because I don't want to get, I don't want to, I don't want to let down my dark folks out there.
Myth or reality, do black men have larger penises? This was fact to me by one of our chronic factors yesterday. Now is this picking on dark folks to talk about this or not because it seems to me that if black people have larger penises black men anyway, I'm not sure about the women, but if black men have larger penises that that's probably a feather in their cap or a sort of pride.
Yeah, oh there's Michael, Skakel, we're going to the court.
Gakel's brother, Tommy and Tudor, Ken Lillton.
Lillton will likely take the stand early on in the trial. Prosecutors, granting him full immunity.
Skakel, not NASDAQ's down another 12 and a half points. We can make it to the 1400s by the end of the day. Anybody got any main life now?
All the people from CNBC, we want to know when your trial starts. We want to know when your out-asses are going to be in jail. All you fakers, all you fraud-meisters speaking of Ms. Cleo, she's a piker compared to them and the fraud that they helped to perpetuate.
Barbiturate. No question about it. They put one over on the public while that bull crap about, well, you know, PE ratios don't mean anything and the new economy, all this other crap.
And then I'll have a sudden, guess what? Oh, yeah, the bubble burst. Sorry. And all those people at those brokerage houses like Merrill Lynch and the other ones who were touting stocks to their clients while behind closed doors, they were saying, it's a piece of crap.
You know, things like that.
Major, major fraud. And you know, something I thought that certain people, I don't want to mention, maturche and others were saying before the election year and a half ago.
I thought they were saying that the market wanted bush, isn't that what they were saying? That's what they heard.
This wasn't the bush that they were thinking about. It was good for the economy because big business wanted bush. They wanted all those nice tax cuts, which he's doing the best to give them.
But nevertheless, everything continues getting worse and worse. We didn't like those eight years of prosperity. Things were going a little bit too well.
Thanks a lot, Al Gore. Thanks a lot, Julie Berman. Thanks a lot, Ralph Nader.
And thanks a lot, all you illiterate idiots out there, the punch pad you can in in Palm Beach. Thank you very much for helping give us this crap, this Dreck, this right wing twisted swill.
So what do you think? Should we do the story about the black penises or not? I think it's a, well, is that a long story? Yeah, then you might have to break first.
Let's see, here's another one from an everyday listener, Miami left a choice off the pool. You forgot to ask if we think they're funny and you're racist.
Hey, don't be picky with my poll, okay? One thing about this kid, I do good poll believe you may have been told by many. I do some of the best poll anywhere.
So don't be giving me a bunch of crap, but that's a good point. We could, we could have put a whole variety of money, but let's keep it simple.
Four nice choices. Don't you think that's a good number yet? It doesn't make it do complicated.
We got 171 votes out there already in much less than an hour.
Do you have any problems with Niels comments or a comedy bits about race? In other words, about dark folks and white folks and stuff like that.
And of course, race doesn't just mean about black people. How about the trailer trash stuff that we play about white trash? Isn't that like also racial stuff?
That's cultural anyway. It's racial man. White is a race. Of course you wouldn't know that because you're Cuban. Oh, I wouldn't know that anyway.
Let me, can I give the results and don't start getting all defensive again. You and the team up with your buddy there. You know, I'm going to have to talk to Greg again.
And if there's one thing I'd like you to keep in mind, Greg, hate you. Okay. I don't want to get your nervous again. Now that we got you off the hook. I'll never forget.
Do you have any problems? I mean, seriously, I want to say this to the audience right now to think that this man who's worked this show for 10 years, who maybe he mumbles a lot. Okay. Never still afraid train.
He may not be the most dynamic guy you'll ever meet to say the very best, but the fact of the matter is to think that he was on a virgin head of crap, his pants, who just his wife had that unwanted baby and put his whole life in a ringer and, you know, his life is flashing before his eyes.
That he had to go through all kinds of crap because we got an egotistical arrogant humorless pompous ass that came in out of from out of town in the morning to think that this guy had to have his job threaten. There were a bunch of baby crap over fusilli emails is unconscionable.
Unconscionable.
See, and I'm not going to pay back stupidity with more stupidity because there's nothing worse than being stupid.
But I will say this that maybe a public hanging maybe in order at least a threat of it because there are a lot of people who would love to be hung speaking of black penises.
Anyway, can I give the poll result before I do the break, please? Please because you get me sidetracked. I'm getting all emotional about this crap and I shouldn't get emotional. I should consider the source.
And I'll tell you one thing. Did I have this guy pegged right from the get go or what after this first couple days on here? Did I have him pegged?
Oh, that's right. You can't speak. Well, you can speak now. You're off the hook. They can't start all over again. They can't bring back you whether they call it like a double jeopardy. No, it's not what the.
I don't think that applies here. Double jeopardy. And that is one of your favorite shows. Only suits what that watch that show. It's for idiots. Can't we all just get along? Can't we get long? Will you stop promoting this story about long black penises?
Do you have any problems with the amount of guess I better do the break and then we'll get to it. See you back me up against the thing here. Since we have a lot of spots on here.
Oh, the most what's kids show on television may be going off the air. SpongeBob Squarepants could wrap up production at the end of this year.
The show's executive producer and head writer Steve Hillenberg says he needs a break and wants to try something new.
We get reaction now from the star of the show. SpongeBob Squarepants.
Oh, what the hell do I do now? I just signed the papers to put a big edition on the pineapple and I'm up to my bikini bottom and dad.
My girlfriend's having cheeks is pregnant and Patrick. Poor Patrick. Good morning.
Good morning Patrick. I got a surprise for you. I got a surprise for you too pal. The sex change operations off. We're getting canned.
There there Patrick. Take your paxle. Panway lower the volume please. Squidward. No more crabby patties. No more happy ending massages.
We're fired. I know. No more parties with Robert Daddy Jr. Hold on there little square gun.
Oh, shut up, Sandy. I was about to dump you for high-ve clown. We're all fired. It's over. Over.
Now maybe you because you got you know kids maybe you can tell me what that's all about. SpongeBob Squarepants. What do you want to know?
Well, what's it all about? It's just a cartoon. It's just a cartoon that happens to be very popular with teenagers.
I see. And Miguel. And it ain't have that. It's funny. It's cute. Now it's square. What is it? SpongeBob? Is he like shoe Steve?
Oh, and guess what? The deal at the church and the activity is just about done.
To have a trial. No matter what you say, the Israelis are the only ones.
Of course, haven't they been saying this for a long time? And the Nasdaq just went in the minus column again and the stocks are falling one more time.
I don't know how much lower they can go, but it's getting real grim and really ugly. Nice going there, Bushmeister.
Oh, look at this. Our black men shlongs bigger. That's not what it's. More information. Well, doesn't say shlong. It's just something about Nixon.
But anyway, I got something more. The other articles much more significant and meaningful. So anyway, that was okay. That bit that we just played because I thought it sounded amusing, but I have no idea what that show is.
There it is. It was. No, no, no. It was weak. The bit. Yeah.
Okay, well, I won't play it again. Okay, I'll take off the check mark because you know me. I always put a check mark on the ones that I like. Yes, you do.
Okay, I'm writing no right next to it. I wrote a big myth or reality. Do black men have larger penises?
And I think that this is something that just about everybody's concerned about white, black Chinese, of course, you know, I still am in amazement.
You know what? That there can be a billion Chinese people. Is it one or two? No, it's one billion.
When Chinese men are in doubt like button mushrooms. In fact, they're an enormous number of Chinese here in Toronto.
And this is one of the reasons that I'm here because it certainly makes me feel much better about myself.
I'm not saying that the stereotype is always true with Chinese men, but my goodness. They are there.
Button mushroom would be like an exaggeration, like an acorn, like a thumbnail. But anyway, we'll get to the Chinese another day.
Myth or reality to black men have larger penises in any case because the difficulties of the sort research comparing black and white sexuality has been rather scarce.
Why is that? Indeed, many people working in the field of human sexuality consider the question itself to be racist.
Given that human sexuality means just that human sexuality. According to these scientists, the very notion of race's suspect with skin tone and hair type existing among human populations along a continuum, for example, light to dark straight to kinky, etc.
And we all like kinky. These researchers believe that there's simply no scientific validity acclaims that such trivial differences constitute evidence of the existence of actual racial groups that differ to any appreciable degree in behavior or capability.
Nevertheless, for better or worse, for richer or poorer, most people believe the idea of race and some of considered research and race differences to be useful.
So what does the research say regarding sexuality? And here are some of the answers. Although it says before reporting results of studies, let's look at the stereotypes of whites in blacks.
In comparison to black men, for example, white men are often expected to show less sexual interest to have started sexual activity at a later age, to masturbate more often, to have fewer extramarital partners and fewer partners overall.
Black men are thought to have larger genitals, to score a four-play, especially cunnelingas, and to be generally more virile.
Yeah, that's right, virile. As in making lots of babies like Evander Holymolyfield. White men are often thought to be more virgional than black women who are suspected of being more loose.
Overall, blacks are thought to be more permissive and casual about sexuality than whites, both in attitude and behavior.
So how do these stereotypes hold up? Are they myths? First of the stereotypes or reality, they'd be describing general trends not to behavior of all individuals in the group.
That is, even if black men really did have larger penises, that would not mean that any given black man had a larger penis than any given white man. For example, like, a gildy, for example.
In fact, you know something that just dawned on me. Finally, see how you're following this some stuff once in a while how it all ties together. Now we know why Mo won't look guilty, speak what he's jealous of.
Anyway, it goes on to say you cannot predict the characteristics of any member of a group based on the average characteristic of that group. For example, men tend to be taller than women, but most American women are taller than most Japanese men.
And even in America or in Japan, you can find many women are taller than many of their male con-nationals.
You following this? I'm following. Take notes. In any event in a review of research conducted between 1938 and 1979, Martin Weinberg and Colin Williams found surprising support for some of these stereotypes.
Black Americans, at least during those years, truly did seem to display greater overall sexual autonomy in attitudes and behavior than did their white counterparts.
This greater autonomy did not seem to result from social class, but from an African-American culture itself. That is, white Americans from similar social classes not display the autonomy of their black counterparts.
The differences between blacks and whites were also found to be more pronounced among men than among women. In other words, black and white men differed quite a lot whereas black and white women differed but to a lesser degree.
For example, although black men and black women were more likely than white men and women to be engaged in premarital sex earlier and more frequently, only black men, not black women, were more likely to have done so with a greater number of partners.
Similarly, both black men and women were more likely than whites to have had extra-marital sex, but only black men were found to have done so with a greater number of partners.
In addition, the samples of black Americans appear to be more accepting of sex generally and report fewer sexual problems than whites. How do you like that? How do you know how to do it?
If they are reproducing like crazy in the jungles of Africa, they share how to know how to do it without too much learning over there and without too much protection, either unfortunately.
Sex tended to be taken more in stride by the black samples. As for penis size, while this question seems absurd and has seen and there is some more missing in here.
As to reports regarding sexual autonomy, all these claims are made based on what's called self-report data. In other words, nobody took cameras into black and white bedrooms. They simply asked people about their sexual behavior. However, Americans are notoriously poor reporters or their sexual experiences.
Therefore, the differences between blacks and whites simply need to be a difference in accuracy and honesty in self-reports, a problem that plays studies in sexuality in general. In other words, people lie a lot about sex.
Just ask Bubba, he'll tell you, and none of your business. There are only theories, no facts to explain why whites and blacks differ in sexual matters. However, some earlier theories proved to be false. For example, it was once thought the differences were the result of social economics since blacks tended to come from lower social class than whites. As mentioned, however, this does not seem to be the reason.
Weinberg and Williams believe that due to a particular historical condition of slavery in its aftermath, black Americans developed a distinct subculture that was not subject to the moralistic restrictions that emerged under controls of traditional families and societies.
Stolen from their own families, nations and societies, forced to marry or divorce, raped and enslaved, moralistic dictates were less firmly established. You're following that, of course. Why were the differences more pronounced among men?
Weinberg and Williams argue that black men are in the peculiar position of being outnumbered by black women. In addition, it appears that white women are more interested in black men than black women are interested in white men.
Should I read that again? I've heard that. Yeah, go ahead. It appears that white women are more interested in black men than black women are interested in white men. Thus, black men have more sexual opportunities again refer to Evander Holymolyfield.
Second, according to Weinberg and Williams, white women have traditionally been seen as protected class who form a contract with men in marriage whereby they give up independence and exchange for protection and support from the men. White men therefore live in a cultural environment that restrains their sexuality more and provides more opportunities for getting into trouble.
Because of the degradation of slavery, however, black women were not so protected in their marriage contracts with men were more subject to interference from whites.
Therefore, within black subculture men are less restricted in matters of sex. Are these explanations reasonable? It asks perhaps one thing is for certain. This area of research will continue when gender strong opinions and passions for long time it says.
There's a little bit missing in there which really frosts my ass, but we'll get to it one of these days.
You're a bastard.
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
You call that a penis?
The average penis size is around 6.4 inches, with 10.2 inches being the largest in the sample.
A survey found that black men on average were only slightly bigger than any other man.
Now because these are statistics were only talking averages here.
It says, rest assured there are black men out there who are hung like a donkey.
And of course there are white men also.
Nonetheless you won't be guaranteed a trouser monster with every black man.
So where's the perception come from?
Evolutionary scientists have pointed out that black men's penises do not expand as much when he wrecked.
And those are closer to their maximum size when flaccid.
Aha! Caucasian men on the other hand experience significant differences in length between the erect and flaccid states.
Absolutely correct sir.
The theory behind the states that white people evolved in colder climates where it was not necessarily advantageous to have a longer tajor hanging.
What the hell is tajor?
I'm going to look it up right now.
There's a new one for you.
The TODGER there's a new one.
It was not necessarily advantageous to have a longer tajor hanging out in the snow constantly in danger of frostbite.
Thus the Caucasian penis evolved to be smaller when it was not being used.
Black men however had no such constraints and thus were able to let the old fellow swing free at all times.
All right!
Is now swing free sweet cherry. It was nothing any of that song?
Swing low.
As a matter of fact don't you remember Tom Dooly?
Kingston Trio.
Hang down your head Tom Dooly.
I knew it. Draft Tajor.
Pipa I'm spread to Colorado while you're looking that up.
Are you really looking up the word?
Absolutely am. That's the only one.
Query minds one and all we can learn something else and it's not even 11 o'clock yet.
How was that learned something?
Besides the fact that Howard's even a bigger asshole than we thought.
See if it was me if I'm running at place already I would have an investigation into what can I have that tape going on my desk.
I'd have everybody that building listening that in tempered grotesque comment it was made around the circa 715 this morning on WQA.
By a big Gapompas piece of turd.
How are we stealing from?
About T-O-D-G-E-R.
About in the name of stick this man certain people on the station meaning of course the unmentionable one is saying things in the name of stick that if he was doing it someplace else somebody would put a bullet through his head.
An unacceptable in temperate comment the worst in the history of talk radio.
Of course I use the term talk radio loosely when you include him.
Stick to the play by place we'd are okay do something you know about because this year is how I ended.
Solidic Colorado have you found the Tajir yet?
No it's not online so we're going to the encyclopedias.
Maybe there is no such word maybe it was just like it sounded cute but I never heard of such a thing.
Tajir.
Like old Tajir?
Old Tajir? Like Dodger? How do you Dodgers doing tonight?
By the way don't forget the local baseball teams playing the pod race should be a big crowd on Tuesday night for that especially like a hundred degrees in the shade should be a trend see they need to stadium.
Oh and I got a story on that too later on if we have time but I doubt it.
I got too much good crap here today I got a pile that's just the shocking.
An FBI official set a pipe bomb found in a Colorado mailbox yesterday appeared linked to 60 others found in three Midwestern states raising concerns that the domestic terrorism spree is spreading.
Oi! We have a rather disturbing pattern where the subjects are moving west rather quickly if the agent Mark Mershawn said we're looking for somebody who is mobile or moving mountains to determine who that is.
A resident found the device in a sandwich bag with a piece of folded paper in a small mountain community of solidic Colorado about a hundred miles southwest of Denver it did not explode.
Mershawn said he didn't know whether the uh...
Now we're going to have the whole Mark Mershawn that's his name.
He said he didn't know whether the paper found with the device was another anti-government later like those found with other pipe bombs.
The fact that the other devices were found in clusters makes the authorities fear that more bombs may be delivered in the area Mershawn said.
Postal carriers knew so they'd have been told not to deliver to close mailboxes but that they could deliver to the home front door in state.
All she has today in other mailbox bomb was found in rural Nebraska the eighth found in the state the latest Nebraska bomb was found near Hastings in the mailbox as somebody had been away for a weekend authority said this one also thank goodness did not explode.
The latest bombs were found as hundreds of nervous letter carriers returned to work across the Midwest.
Male delivery had also been suspended Saturday and rural residents in at least four Midwest states in Colorado were asked to leave their mailboxes open or remove their mailbox doors as a safety measure.
How do you like that?
So just over the last several months now seven eight months what it's been like I said yesterday first we had to worry about antracks on every piece of mail in the mailbox and now we got to worry about a goddamn pipe bomb.
Because there's a lot of crazy crazy people running around on the loose did you find what was ever a tiger? No but there is a site called the tiger dot com that the girl found.
Which is about what penises yeah really yeah so maybe it's like an internet penis.
Maybe there's not really such a word but maybe on the internet they've got their own lingo.
Ben Van Mungolingo remember him used to pitch for the Dodgers I think and see there's Dodgers and Dodgers and all ties in now told you what I tell you folks don't forget we got the mad dog right.
Coming up a once in mandates one to three Hank Goldberg three o'clock six thirty to pregame show seven oh five you're a team taking on the pot raise at P.P. Park and you K after baseball and the dirty boys join Mark who are highly rated overnight number two the dirty boys between two and six break H.U.
At five sixty WQ a.m. We just can't seem to get the morning show right so once again we softly advise if our crackhead chicken hop consulted that we apologize for that too.
And now five sixty WQ a.m. proudly presents the Mogen David show.
Morning Mo that they said good morning to who I am Mogen David yeah good because I forgot who I was if that you name again felt you.
No down the but you can call me Kelly that is this year.
Locked with a baker to salty. I got fresh Nova.
And while you're out did me coffee I get a punch card full here for scoogans I get a free cup.
Oh yeah I'll never tell you about the time I have lunch with Joe Peppaton.
No. How about that hurry can shuffle board team they don't got that no more since when they got rid of the rock up watches on Collins Avenue.
That's a good thing I bought the no mogen rules.
Oh I see the card.
Yeah cracking band cracking band I got your crack right here.
Bam! What was that?
That I flipped my wig to you.
It smells bad in here like toe cheese.
So by the essay we do a nice remote from the festival flea market sounds good to me.
Yeah they got a lot of nice benches.
Okay let's go.
Okay.
Let's get out of here.
Can use another vacation.
We are guest 1045 at 560 WQM Jefferson can reject the slave descendants.
The sentence of Atama Jefferson's slave repeated to have borne several of his children will not be welcomed into an organization for Jefferson relative.
Damn it.
In a closed meeting Sunday the Montessenal Association voted a continued restrict membership to Jefferson's descendants through his daughter's Martha and Maria.
That excludes descendants of Sally Hemings a slave at Montessenal with whom Jefferson is rumored to have had a sexual relationship.
The association cited a panel of scholars who concluded there was insufficient evidence to establish Jefferson's paternity of Hemings children.
Let me ask you this how come they didn't have it like an impeachment trial?
For Jefferson?
He had a wife you know.
Maybe he was screwing the slaves.
Of course they didn't have any CNN or MSNBC or Fox thank God.
But how come there was no impeachment for Thomas Jefferson?
I don't know.
During the meeting Lucien Truscott the fourth a supporter of the Hemings claims displayed a photograph of a black man with a zipper across his mouth which he said John works junior a former Montessenal president emailed to him after the meeting works that he regretted sending the photo which he called insensitive.
He said his intention was to remind Truscott of a pledge association members made not to discuss the having issue with the media.
I just sent this as a reminder to keep his mouth shut works said I regret that it was a black face and have had been a white face. I would use that instead.
The scholars committee that concluded there was insufficient evidence of Jefferson's paternity was formed at works behest the N.A. test of showing a male in Jefferson's family fathered Hemings son Eston.
But the study commissioned by Warsaw G. the Jefferson's younger brother Randolph was likely to follow.
And it goes on and on.
See I think I'm right those dark folks can't catch a break.
Oh, Texas have been slightly less sensitive not as inclined to explode when the mail found in Amarillo, Texas up the device.
And so that's what we've learned so far.
They're obviously very concerned that this is happening very quickly that this person just is on the road and has no plans of stopping anytime soon.
Leon and if it is a same person, Russia, this person's been driving around quite a bit because we're some 300 more plus 300 some miles.
In between the last two sites, correct?
Exactly. I mean, it's 400. I'm not sure how far Amarillo is from Salada, but I know Salada from Hastings is at least 400 miles.
So yes, traveling very quickly. Of course, the residents in Colorado have already alerted last night to keep their mailboxes open as well.
Now, let me ask you a stupid question. How do they know it's the same person? I'm sure they don't. Right. But if the bombs are all looking similar or whatever when they find them, the ones that aren't detonated.
Yes, then maybe it's the same person. It may be it's the same person and maybe it's a group. Maybe it's not good.
If they all look the same, maybe the group are like making them like by the dozens. I don't want to get anybody panicky, but I'm just.
It's just another example of how the media rushes to judgment and this business about well, he sure moving around real fast. Maybe he is and maybe he's not. Who the hell knows? We don't know.
Just like all the latest reports about the Osama, Yamama again, and is he alive and is he hanging out there in the mountains by Pakistan between Afghanistan and Pakistan? And is he doing this and is he doing that? And is he is he? And they still haven't found anybody.
And let me say it again. They never would have found a unibom or if it's if the brother wouldn't recognize the guy then messages in there that they would have published it.
Never what had taken about 600 years to find him right and I was only by a stroke of luck. We don't find anybody. We haven't found a mole or Omar. We haven't found any of these people.
We found out who killed cock robin. No. Speaking of that, priest who ran youth home in 70s accused this from the Boston Globe again. Boy, this is it's just a mind boggling.
A priest who ran the Alpha Omega home for troubled youth in little and during the 70s was accused yesterday of molesting 18 aged boys, all but one of them at the home or at a vacation house in New Hampshire.
The Reverend Bernard J Lane was named in seven separate lawsuits filed in suffix superior court. The Archdiocese of Boston had previously settled at least six cases of abuse involving Lane, who was now retired and living in Barnes said New Hampshire.
Two of the boys were not identified in their suit content that Lane said he had adopted them because their families were unfit and dangerous.
According to the suit Lane allegedly moved the boys into his private home in Littleton and enrolled them in local schools. They just moved them on in.
After about six months, the boys had Lane abandoned them and they returned to their families. In a separate suit, the boys say two other men in addition to Lane allegedly molested them.
Neither of the men, the Reverend C. Melvin Sirret who succeeded Lane at Alpha Omega and Dr. Scott Ward, a former psychiatrist at the home of Nalives in Philadelphia, could be reached for comment. What is a lot of that going around?
Ward later faced criminal charges in Philadelphia for allegedly abusing a teenage boy, attorney Nance Lyons, who filed a suit said that Ward called one of the boys he allegedly abused in Massachusetts to ask if he would appear as a character witness at the trial.
Oh, can I read that sentence again? Could you please?
He said he wanted it. It wasn't so bad.
Jesus, in the history of my life, he's supposed to go on the witness stand and say, I wanted it.
Yeah.
One plane, if David Lemieux, no relation to Muriel, now 40 living in Leo Minster, said, I don't think I'm pronouncing that right. That's one of those New England names.
Is that Lemister? I don't know. Said Lane abused him in Alpha Omega when he was 15, though he's now married with three children. Lemieux said the abuse like the struggles with drug addiction, alcoholism and issues of his own sexuality.
Lane stole away a good portion of my life, said Lemieux, the only alleged victim identified in the suits. Lane was also accused of molesting a family friend from Walburn for four years, starting when a boy was 13. Neither Lane or his attorney could be reached for comment.
Alpha Omega's got had a contract with the state to house youths who had run into trouble with the law. Lane was removed from the home in 1978 after abuse allegations led to a state investigation.
He remained a priest until his retirement three years ago.
However, the Globe is reported that the State Department of Youth Services started investigation into Lane around 1976 or 1977, but the probe stall when Lane refused to cooperate and would not let a team of investigators into the home.
The lawsuits also name several defendants, life resources, Inc and the Alpha Omega Corporation, both nonprofits, life resources, Alpha Omega's parent corporation.
And it goes on and on and where it stops. Nobody knows. I don't think anytime soon.
Amarillo, Texas, we got another pipe bomb. This one did not explode. Now it is interesting that the pattern from as compared to the first ones in Nebraska and Illinois and Iowa, the ones that did explode, the recent ones, another have exploded.
Right. Do we have any idea why that is? I think people are finding them without triggering them, but I'm just speculating.
I don't think the answer is we really don't know. That's the answer. I don't think the FBI knows. Of course, the FBI couldn't find a needle in a goddamn glass of water. That's the FBI for you.
People in the news, ABC appears ready to dump Bill Mar. All right. ABC is in discussions with comedian Jimmy Kimmel, cohost of Comedy Central's The Man Show. Anybody know who Jimmy Kimmel is? Yes, cohost of The Man Show.
Is he funny? Probably funnier than Bill Mar. Okay. Anyway, he sees discussions with Jimmy Kimmel. The serve as a host of a program that would replace Bill Mar and then it was troubled late night show politically incorrect with Bill Mar.
According to several sources in L.A. It was not an old former show with Kimmel. This host would take but ABC, a unit of Walt Disney come company. A state of its desire to attract younger viewers to late night.
This was a primary motivation behind the network spin in March to rule David Letterman from CBS to show that would it is placed nightline. Kimmel would bring a niche following a niche particularly among many team to 34 demographic popular with advertisers, many team to 34.
Never let it be said Johnny Carson doesn't pay us. That's even a half century later. Bob Sweeney knew the former King of late night TV when Carson regaled friends with magic tricks at the Seventh Seas Lounge in Omaha, Nebraska.
One night in the early 1950s the W.O.W. radio personality stopped by the bar saying he needed $10 for camper. Are those great colliders by the way? Yes, they are. W.O.W. Wow.
Sweet gave the money after making bartender named Zim right out of I.O. You want an napkin. Sweet kept the paper for years but eventually misplaced and figuring it was gone with the $10 Carson borrowed on a whim. He recently wrote to Carson reminding this turn not only about the loan but ribbing him about interest to the money was promptly mailed back the $10 with a note.
Bob in my opinion it was a no interest loans and silly Johnny Carson and that cute yes it is. So at least he pays back his debts as small as they may be from years ago as opposed to some other people we know in show business who made millions and millions.
I don't want to mention names of course because that would be bad because I'm sure he's a very nice person even though I know him and he's not.
Spider-Man star Toby McGuire says the scene where he's hanging upside down in the rain while kissing coast our person dunced wasn't much fun to shoot.
There was rain pouring up or down my nose I couldn't breathe and I was gasping for breath out of the corner of Kristen's mouth McGuire 26 and L.A.
Poor girl I was giving her mouth the mouth rather than kissing her but in the midst of that I was sneaking some pleasure out of it he be saying.
McGuire plays a science geek who becomes a web sling here after bite from a mutant spider William Defoe well I'm sorry I always do that don't yes you do.
Why do I do that it's just I don't know anybody I don't know anybody else name Willem do you he's the only one his parents were willing to foe.
Coast stars as his nemesis the green goblin and dunce plays the object of spider-Man the fiction and that movie is gross I mean it's gross and huge money which I'll get to that later on huge gigantic.
And I saw some of the clips from there and you know I guess if you like spider man I never even like spider man in the comics all that much I thought it was adequate was it okay it was fine not great but okay not perfect I like dick just crazy myself.
I think we'll take that pool one day maybe tomorrow since spider man is so hot right now.
Your favorite comic book action hero now I would take Tracy be in that category because I love dick Tracy.
You know that's a good question because I don't recall him ever having a comic book he was in comic strips no I'm talking about comic strips I'm not talking about comic books in that case then sure.
You remember that the crime stoppers thing they used to have that little thing with every cartoon right.
Did you read the crazy yes I did and here I thought you didn't know that once you told just the other day you don't know dick.
I'm like you can't captain marvel and prince valent and spider man and so many.
And we can do like comic strip or like any of them there was rocket man course that was in the movies while I loved rocket man every Saturday at the cameo theater and Rochester they would have the the cereal what what's her name call it in the movie with James con misery can't catty baits what did she call it I think she did.
The problem cereals no no she didn't call them cereals does something oh she had a funny what were you right.
Yeah the passion plays the something she had a name for a very funny name anyway rocket man was one of those and I loved it and used to have the thing on his back you know look like oxygen tanks on his back and he would like he fly.
He flew a lot.
It's not get me fired up when I hear someone say that.
America's number one motion picture planted in the eight breaks in almost 70 million dollars opening weekend but the movie was not without its problems here's a scene it wound up on the cutting room floor.
You're a mocky mock no no no no I made your Leo Davison from the US Air Force.
No you wanted to look his other block.
No that was his brother.
Johnny.
I love the funky.
I saw you on the side of a bus in your underpants.
Let's see your jockeys now.
Stop it stop it stop it off you I'm gonna accomplish it.
Hey monkey you want to funky bunch of banana.
Hey I got all your songs on the side.
Oh shut up.
Stop it stop playing that.
Spider-Man scale new box office I told I'd have this.
Spider-Man the latest comic book superhero to wind up in feature films wanted an North American box or a Swiss history with a record smashing 114 million dollar hall from its first three days of release studio executive said on Sunday.
The film released by Sony corpse Columbia pictures trashed the three year old record of 90 point three million said last November by Harry Potter and the sorcerer's stone.
You know I'm sorry is it me.
I understand why these huh.
What's your point no my point is the movies that break all these box office records I guess it's all like kid movies where the kids are.
You're absolutely correct movies are a youthful thing boy.
Spider-Man also broke the boy wizards benchmarks for high single day receipts and fastest to reach the century mark said Jeff Blake Columbia is president of worldwide marketing and distribution.
Additionally Spider-Man posted record setting weekend bows in Malaysia Singapore Thailand and the Philippines and will open in Japan the world's second biggest market next Saturday.
As the first major release of the liquid of summer season begins it's a high standard for other keenly anticipated movies including two other franchises star wars episode two attack of the clones may 16 and Austin powers in gold member July 26.
They finally got a name for that movie yes.
Spider-Man crushed the other movies that this weekend's box office to other new releases were still born.
I love that line the gang drama deuces wild open at number seven with 2.7 million while Woody Allen's Hollywood ending began with 2.2 million tied at number 10 with Columbia's panic room still born.
The scorpion king which had ruled the box office last two weekends left number two with 9.6 million the 17 day total for the action adventure rose to 74.8 million dollars.
Spider-Man is about a high school geek play by Toby McGuire who's bitten by a spider and soon able to scale walls and shoot webs from his wrist.
Cursed and dunced coasters is love interest and waiting to see I did it again.
God when you stop doing that what is wrong with you man you're an asshole.
I think maybe most got a point.
Willem Dafoe stars as the film in the screen goblin Sam Raimi directed the film which reportedly was budgeted between 120 and 130 million dollars.
Oh so this was an expensive film to make yeah it was you could say they're going to make a lot of money on it but not like it sounds.
The audience was evenly split between males and females and between viewers aged over and under 25 Blake said an exit polls were bullish exit polls they do exit polls now on movies not just the life of the
David the critics were also enthusiastic they asked George he said it was okay.
I gave it a B that's high for me.
Yeah it is very high in other words you were bullish B is in bullish as in bullish mid.
It had all the bells and whistles and the latest technology but it's also moving a lot of heart and real romance at its core he added.
Spider-Man Saturday grossed of 43.7 million dollars broke Harry Potter single they record a 33.5 million also said on a Saturday and the new film reached 100 million three days while Harry Potter took five days to do that.
Yeah stick at Harry Potter okay what do you know it grossed 31,000 plus per theater a record for a film released more than 3,000 outlets 3615 in this case Blake said.
A script's already being written for the first of what the films producers hope will be many sequels said Avi A. Rod CEO of Marvel Studios they marvel enterprise how come they never made a movie out of Captain Marvel.
They did in the 70s or early 80s and it was really bad he couldn't say Shazam right.
Oh wrong Captain Marvel I'm sorry.
You don't know Captain Marvel there.
Well there were two the old one and the newer updated Captain Marvel.
Well what does that mean I don't understand there there was the original Shazam Captain Marvel and then there was an updated other cosmic Captain Marvel.
Who didn't say Shazam he didn't say Shazam he didn't have a little kids who believe in Santa Claus even those kids know that Captain Marvel says Shazam.
So they never did a movie about the old Captain Marvel which would be nice by the way they just had that TV series if you recall.
Anyway Avi A. Rod CEO of Marvel Studios the Marvel Enterprise Inc. Unicharge with turning its table of comic book characters such as Blade and X-Men and the future franchises.
The world was waiting to see Spider-Man A. Rad said it's nice clean interesting character.
What else clean about a spider?
Spiders are fat.
Teenage girls consider the film more of a romance than a superhero film.
My boy's were drawn to Dunst and older audiences to the special effects in drama he said.
The boys were drawn to Dunst.
They wanted to see her naked.
They wanted to see her boobies.
They wanted to see her doing it.
Was there like anything even mildly sexual in the movie?
Well that rain scene that you were talking about with the water flowing up his nose.
I saw that. They showed that on TV.
Yeah, you saw Wes.
That's why he's extremely ugly.
Sheer her dresses all clingy and everything.
That's pretty sexy but that's about as good as it gets.
And like I said he's extremely ugly.
Not extremely just.
He's a geek.
Speaking of how people look which of course is what the world revolves around because where that's just the way we are folks.
You can deny it.
You can lie about it.
There's more than life than looks like money maybe.
Oh man, this is from the New York Daily News.
No less.
A man had a federal judge flipped through a penthouse photo spread yesterday.
He for ruling the steamy snapshots almost certainly show a shapely former model.
Not tennis tempers and a corner.
Hoya.
I have it in full color said judge.
Denny chin.
Who ordered who plays a mean chin ball by the way.
Who ordered the magazine to stop distributing its tune issue which claims to have topless pictures of corner.
Hoya.
After sending a secretary to buy a copy of the skin mag.
Chin said the 12 photos.
The first one was a peered and he picked Judith.
Salt has been at.
Who sued penthouse yesterday for $10 million.
Salt has been at.
28 who married in the Benetan clothing fortune.
Am I saying that right or is it better time.
Oh.
Well, he's not corrected myself.
Nice going.
He says the pictures were taken seven years ago without her knowledge.
How do you like this?
That's how desperate they are at penthouse.
That's Bob Gucci on the right.
Yes, it is.
They are in trouble.
And we we've been reading they were in big trouble and they're on the verge of going bust.
And so this is how desperate they are at penthouse is he's running fake.
He's running stunt pictures of people famous people.
And neither party knows what that was going on.
Even a cursory glance at the sunbathing shots reveal that corner Kovah is not the sexy star of the pictorial judge said.
And the judge knows his porno stars.
Okay.
He knows his naked babes.
It's hard to believe any reasonable observer would believe they show her said chin referring to the 10 page layout.
Penhouse had insisted the pictures were definitely of Kovah, but lawyer back away from the claim yesterday.
It appears penthouse may have well made a mistake said Victor Coffner a lawyer for that magazine.
Kovah denied being the woman pictured in the sexy photos and is planning a nice fat lawsuit of her own.
Nice going Anna.
You can share the money with Pavell.
He needs it.
So when they make him what nine ten million he needs it.
He could use it.
Chin yesterday branded penthouse reckless and ordered it to halt distribution of the June issue.
Even though almost all the one point two million copies of it the new states.
Yeah, cut it out now.
Stop it too late.
The way penthouse is used to suggest to me it doesn't care whether it's true.
Just that it'll help sell issues.
Chin who said another hearing for a week from today next Tuesday.
Sold has Benetton who's married to a tenant clothing year Rocco Benetton.
My son.
That's right.
Why do I keep saying it like it?
Well, it looks like Benetton to me.
It's got two teasing Rocco Benetton.
Benetton will you will them to foe.
Says the 12 snapshots were taken after she peeled off her bikini top in Miami.
In 1995 in Miami.
How do you like that at the root of every story where there's two malt and sourced and stuff like that.
At the root of every one of those stories that sooner or later comes back to Miami.
She didn't know at the time that anyone had photographed her but she said she started a spectacle.
She was the subject of the controversial penthouse spread when she heard about on a syndicated TV show last week.
The next day she said she picked up a copy of the magazine at a at what airport you think.
Miami International.
Absolutely correct sir.
And said she was stunned to see herself.
It's a fraud on the public but outrageous to my clients had jubberstein allura for sold has Benetton.
Benetton.
Besides her resemblance to the woman in the pictures sold has Benetton is more evidence.
A photograph of herself wearing the sun dress scene in one of the penthouse shots.
The gorgeous woman in the pictures appears to be about the same ages chronohoid who's 20.
Sold has Benetton was about 20 Benetton was about 21 when the pictures were taken.
Why do I have to keep saying that?
I'm calmer sold has.
Okay.
I'm not sure that's right.
Covener former city corporation council refused to say who the photographer was or how penthouse obtained the pictures.
Cornucov's rank number 68 of the woman's tennis tour but is number one in the hearts of male tennis fans.
She is now dating Latin pop star Enrique Iglesias after a stint with a hunky hunky hunky.
Sergei Federerov the Detroit Ravings who's about as hunky as my little dog.
Hunky hunky hunky.
Oh give me a break.
Would that hunker?
Maybe that's what they meant.
He's got a hunky hunker.
Sergei Federerov they don't even mention pop love burying there.
How do you like that?
So she's hanging out with Enrique.
Did you see the pattern developing here?
I mean do you believe that with her and Enrique?
Are you buying that?
Yeah.
Likely's story.
God.
Who are these people fooling?
Evidently a lot of folks.
12 and his past 11 and 560 WQA.
Him reverend Shanley.
He reigned in a rape case.
The flight she said that if Shanley could make bail.
Must to do so under the passport.
He would have to surrender his passport.
He would have to remain in the commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Also that he was not to have any contact with any children under the age of 16.
And he was not to have any contact with any potential witnesses.
Well what does that mean under 16?
So in other words if you can go to the local penny arcade and find some 16 year olds that's okay.
Or 17 year old.
Kind of a deal of sad.
God.
That's America for you.
There's justice baby.
There's no fact in the church.
So cannabis.
Our home and need a grant.
High potency.
Will not you own your hand.
Oh, we feel shy eyes when she's by our side.
We claim joy because you see.
It's a legal drug recording tool.
A good old dio see.
God made this dream.
Curious and dreaming.
Oh, can it best be.
Best that come to me.
Oh, can it best be.
Oh, 1118 at 560 WQM boy they're uptight here.
They're really uptight.
I was talking a few days ago about the Canadian psyche.
What an inferiority complex these people have.
It's very sad because it's a great country.
A wonderful people, friendly people, very progressive country.
But they are so like back during the Olympics when they had that big scandal with the Russians and the figure skaters and the French judge and all that business.
And when during the hockey games and Don Cherry who's a good friend of mine, but a real xenophob.
When these people are all screaming, oh, the whole world hates Canada.
They hate Canadians.
And we're all laughing our ass off because all of the rest of us know that for better or worse, nobody gives a flying crap about Canada.
It's America's hat.
Nobody hates them.
Nobody loves them.
Nobody even knows from them.
Okay.
So on the national post, this is hysterical.
Headline story on the front page today.
US thinks little of Canada says pull.
A tendency to take the near neighbor for granted.
All of a least it doesn't say the US hates us like poison.
While Canadians embrace their southern neighbor that spelled NEIGH, VOUR, as their closest friend and trading partner, the majority of Americans dismissed Canada as almost irrelevant in economics and foreign policy,
according to a new policy, since it's both countries.
Only a few of the Americans contacted for the Ipsos read pool provided to the national post identified Canada as their country's greatest friend and ally.
More than half chose Britain instead.
And we talk about inferiority complex.
God, they must know more.
Americans also underestimate Canada's economic importance the poll suggested.
The vast majority of Canadians, 82% of the U.S. is our largest trading partner, but only 14% of Americans pick Canada as their country's most important trading nation.
So in other words, Canadians are smart and Americans are dumb, well we know that.
Japan was a country named most often by the Americans surveyed, followed closely by China.
The pool of 1000 Canadians and 791 Americans highlights a deep disconnect in how the two nations perceive each other.
It's a function of Canada's size and significance, politically economically strategically, in terms of the radar screen for most Americans,
said Ronald Prussin, professor of U.S. foreign policy and international relations in the Head of the History Department at the University of Toronto, a.
There's a tendency to take the near neighbor, especially when the neighbor isn't very powerful or very threatening, very much for granted he said several observers said the views of Americans on Canada's political and military importance reflect reality while their mistaken views on our economic world are a clear case of ignorance.
In other words, they're stupid.
You know what we don't like?
Stupid.
Let's say it again.
Stupid.
We don't like that on the show.
We don't like stupid.
In fact, people who are stupid, maybe should be shot like in the toe.
Not bullet through the head.
Shot in a toenail, maybe.
Not bullet through the head.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Okay?
Moe, you silly old fart.
You out of control, lunatic.
Speaking of old men.
And here's one right around mosegas, as a matter of fact, in this story.
Sad light beach, Florida.
A $6.34 plumbing bill nearly crossed a WWII veteran, the roof over his head.
Are you familiar with this story?
No.
Another one of those wonderful Florida stories.
Before an alert friend noticed James Provenzano 81, like I said about moseage,
was almost evicted from his subsidized department because he neglected the pay for repairs.
A $6.34 plumbing bill.
The friend paid the bill in the eviction notice for Provenzano's home and garden department was rescinded.
The notice arrived on April 12, giving two weeks for payment.
It was paid on the 17th.
When they start doing things like that, I get furious Provenzano said last week.
I was furious, I was mad, and probably because it wasn't nice.
Eviction proceedings are initiated if a tenant doesn't pay a bill regardless of the amount,
and does not ask for a hearing within 14 days, said Frank Chabber's executive director of Brevard family of housing authorities.
Were a satellite beach up by Melbourne?
No idea.
I got an eye.
What is that all about?
You're supposed to be the one who knows all of this crap.
That's what I was trying to tell Greg when all this stuff was going to say,
he knows something.
We don't know what it is yet, but he knows something.
Anyway, it's pretty straightforward, Chabber said, if the repairs because of negligence are caused by a tenant, they have to pay for it.
Provenzano said he had a leak from a kitchen drain, which was fixed months later.
The notice of the eviction came showing he had failed to pay the bill of $6.34.
I got some advice for your old man, Jimmy.
Pay it.
Just pay it.
Oh, it's paid okay.
Don't be dicking around with a goddamn, uh, whoever you're dealing with.
For the repair people, just pay it.
Equipian a deadbeat.
So we're a satellite beach?
Probably up by the cape.
They have all those base names.
I don't want to be able to have a base name.
Probably isn't good enough on a ship.
Well, my map doesn't have that.
Probably isn't good enough.
I have a crappy ass map.
That's what that Benetten abroad told me, you know, close is not a match.
But you know, Cape Canaveral is by Melbourne.
It's by what?
Cape Canaveral is by Melbourne.
So I think you're right.
See, I know where Cape Canaveral has been.
I've been there.
I've been to the beaches in Cape Canaveral, which are beautiful.
I've been in Melbourne.
I have a friend who lives in Melbourne or used to.
But satellite beach, that's the well fits in Provard County.
It's got to be right up in that neck of the way.
Somebody will let us know.
Somebody will call in.
Look at that.
There are people on the phone right now.
Come and try to tell us where it is.
Miguel more talk to him now.
He's on strike.
So let me just do a Cuba story to make him feel better.
All of this one won't make anybody feel better.
U.S. concerned by Cuba's relationship with enemies.
The Bush administration.
This is from USA today.
The Bush administration said yesterday believes Cuba has at least a limited offensive biological war.
A warfare program and maybe transferring its expertise to other countries hostile to the U.S.
We are concerned that such technology could support biological warfare programs in those states that undersecretary a state John Bolton.
Bolton did not identify these nations, but noted that Cuban President Fidel Castro visited Iraq, Syria and Libya last year.
All of which like Cuba are on the State Department list of state sponsors of terrorism.
Bolton said all are attempting to develop weapons of mass destruction.
Bolton, the State Department's top non-proliferation official called on Cuba to seize transfer of biological weapons technology to rogue states and to fully comply with all its obligations under the biological weapons convention.
His remarks are prepared for delivery to the Heritage Foundation and ultra right wing way off on a right conservative research group as well as here way off on a far right heritage foundation.
Bolton said that despite Cuba's membership on the terrorism list, that nation's threat to American society has been underplayed.
For four decades, he says Cuba has maintained a well-developed and sophisticated biomedical industry supported until 1990 by the Soviet Union Bolton.
See, I'm always trying to tell you guys that we ought to talk more about Cuba and what a threat they are.
And Miguel always says, ah, and I'm trying to forget about that stuff.
Did you find satellite beach? We're looking for it. We're both looking.
This industry is one of the most advanced in Latin America, leads in the production of pharmaceuticals and vaccines that are sold worldwide.
Ineliston, Cuba defectors have long cast suspicion on the activities conducted in these biomedical facilities, he said.
He noted an official US government report in 1998 concluded that Cuba did not represent a significant military threat to the US or the region.
Bolton said the Clinton administration may have overlooked Cuba as a potential threat because of the influence of what he called the country's aggressive intelligence operations in the US.
He said this included recruiting the Defense Intelligence Agency Senior Cuba analyst Anna Belen Montez, described for Cuba, or is that Montez.
Whatever, remember Chris Montez and Les Danes, remember that song? No, it has.
Montez not only had a hand in drafting the 1990 Cuba report, but also passed some of our most sensitive information about Cuba back to a van.
He said Montez was arrested last fall and pleaded guilty to espionage on March 19.
How do you like that, bitch, huh? So I say it's time to invade Cuba. What do you say? Let's do it.
Let's get it over with already.
You know, before they get us, we hit them before they hit us.
Speaking of your health, speaking of staying alive, I see I'm very dubious about this stuff because every few days another one of these stories come out and you just have to know that the people who are peddling these products are the ones who are promulgating all this propaganda.
Team may help survive heart attack, heavy tea drinking. And I thought that heavy tea drinker was bad because of the panic acid and tea.
That's what I always thought that's supposed to like tear your guts out. But anyway, now they're saying heavy tea drinking could reduce the risk of dying after a heart attack or study suggests.
Shouldn't they be able to tell from the brits they drink a lot of tea?
The study of 1900 heart attack victims found those who drank the most TV for their heart attacks about 19 cups a week were 44% less likely than non-drinkers to die in the three or four years afterward.
Moderate drinkers of those who had fewer than 14 cups had a 28% lower death rate. The study looked at deaths from all causes not just heart disease.
I have to say the magnitude of the association we found between tea drinking and mortality and people who survive a heart attack was pretty dramatic.
Certainly more so than I think I would have expected said Dr. Kenneth Muckamall assistant professor of medicine and Harvard Medical School where they're famous for doing a lot of these bogus studies.
The study was published in today's issue of the American Heart Association journal Circulation. Several studies have found that regular tea drinkers seem to have a lower risk of heart attacks though remains unclear why.
Researchers involved in the latest studies suspected findings are linked to flavonoids and the oxidants found naturally in various foods derived from plants.
Tea is a major source of flavonoids in American diets. We found that tea drinkers generally had lower death rates regardless of age, gender, smoking status, obesity, hypertension, diabetes or previous heart attack. Muckamall said.
Alice Lichtenstein who I didn't have a country named after her.
At least a nutrition professor at Tuft University said more research must be done before a firm relationship established between tea and heart health.
She said there might be other aspects of the participants' diets that could account for the results. The researchers acknowledged that this is always the case that more study is needed.
In other words, they don't know what God damn thing. So anyway, yes, satellite beach is just south of Coco Beach right by Patrick Air Force Base.
What did I tell you Coco Beach? It's where they got the great beaches man. Beautiful beaches in Coco Beach. I'm going there right now as a matter of fact. I'm heading for there. I'm going to get on my surfboard and hang 10 centimeters.
Oh God Neil.
This week's book recommendations from the Jerry Springer Book Club are living in the backseat of a Camaro. Me and my mollet that do it yourself home to industry kids. My brother's cheating on me.
Nine kids in a win-a-bego. It's not incest after their merry. Curious charge in the hungry rot-wilder and pots and soup for the soul. The Jerry Springer Book Club at Bordam's Books.
Love a 32 at 560 WQM. We need some help from some of our stockbroker friends out there in radio land. That one in particular that's always faximated good stuff because I see the doubts about 55 points, but the NASDAQ which is just that's all vanishing all the text stuff is down another 10 or 11 points.
And there's no end inside and just keeps going down every single day in the low 1500s and on a way to like who knows maybe a thousand.
Oh breaking news from CNN.
I love when I'm very early word of a plane crash for getting work news. Associated press of an Egypt airplane that apparently has crashed according to the Associated Press in Tunis Tunisia once again this would involve an Egypt aircraft an Egypt airplane.
And that's about all we have.
Okay thank you. That's it. That's all they got. And it could have just been an accident. It could have been like something else or it might not have been. It could be this. It could be that.
And let's have a big discussion about that on talk back this afternoon and three o'clock CNN. Oh that show. Yeah. What do you think? What do you think it was? You think it was like sabotage? You think it's like some crazed loan around there? And what about these pipe bombs? What about that? Huh? Huh? What do you think? And what about that kind of flu and that building in Milan? Huh?
Oh my god CNN the hysterical news network and of course the reason there is hysterical is because nobody's watching them anymore.
People are watching Fox which is kind of scary but at least it's an alternative and they're watching MSNBC not that many of them though which is why they're changing their line up all around.
And they're just watching other stuff you know like tonight is Tuesday so not on the clock they'll be watching smallville. I guarantee everybody connected with this show be watching it.
I will be. Yep Miguel be watching it.
I've got to check out Ali is not too.
Ali on he in here no more okay get over like I said forget the Cuba stuff will you please.
Yeah we got nine o'clock we got the smallville on the nine of course no important hockey game we got some of the other stuff going on but you know we can wait till tomorrow for another desperate losing hockey performance by the Leafs and that's okay you know get it over with already enough is enough it's almost June for Christ's.
Man passes airport security with guns alright in New Orleans no less isn't the funny how the really the smegma seems to like Drift South it just kind of like you know you can just see it in the streams and in the Mississippi River and.
A man carry two loaded handguns to a security checkpoint at Lewis arms can you believe that I never even know there was such a place.
Louis Armstrong International Airport on Monday but was arrested at random check before boarded a flight to LA I've been in New Orleans for so many years and I think I ever flew there anyway did you.
I've never been to New Orleans oh good man believe me that's one of the highlights of your life is the fact you've never been there what a turl it.
God in fact when you steer that flushing sound on all in the family when Archie would go upstairs that was no lanes used to hear a turl it.
That's the one FBI special agent Julian Gonzalez said the semi automatic handguns were fired in the man's backpack at the continental airlines gate at Louis Armstrong International Airport I wonder if you have to wipe your forehead over there when you go there in real hot.
Man Carlos Stevens 30 city work for no limits records and told investigators he needed the guns in his work according to acting US attorney Jim let him.
But I think they're let him do it again however Roy mom junior joy I'd lawyer for no limits and Stevens is not a play by the company but as an independent contract he's worked with no limit Stevens with charge with the tempting carry weapons of more near craft Stevens carry the guns to an extra security checkpoint run by St Louis based Huntly USA corp report official said I called on Lee was not immediately return again I consider this a massive failure whoever's responsible is messing up terribly let him say as they keep letting them through there with the weapons again.
Only just a random check there actually find a guy had the guns before I got on the plane they're doing a lot of job.
So speaking of getting all choked up about the stock market not that I want to talk about it because I know it's boring and very depressing maybe some of our experts out there because you see in some of these stocks like Oracle and like a son which we were you know son is like under six dollars now I think it's around six bucks.
Six bucks a bargain and and POM of course which I have a Schmidt load of POM like two bucks and change and small change and you have to begin to wonder whether some of these companies are going to go out of business whether it's not a good idea to just dump it for whatever you can get out of it now while the getting is still good or whether somebody a lot of these companies are just going to go bust like maybe even Cisco and Oracle for quite a lot which Oracle is about.
Huh Oracle is about eight bucks now.
I mean everything in anything connected with anything anybody who even knew somebody with the tech industry automatically it's just in the toilet single digits most of the stuff and close to it.
Nokia AOL all of it so we need to inquiring minds one or maybe you'll factor something 305 650198 not that necessarily we're going to take your advice but at least you know a little pat on the head would be good.
305 650198 because we're not taking any calls are we absolutely not absolutely positively not.
Hey by the way for some of you hot babes out there which we know we don't have listen Fox looking for talented Miami Beach Britney wannabe's here's your chance.
This from the hero no less so there's a chance it might be true Fox TV is looking for talented 16 to 24 year olds to audition in Miami Beach to compete that they never knew TV series American Idol the search for a superstar from the first time.
We're marrying June 11.
A panel of judges would evaluate each talent each individual on talent ability looking style to come up with a short list of contestants to perform on here weekly the home audience will vote weekly via phone for their favorite contestant and his or her future status as an American Idol.
Oh his or her.
Okay open additions will be at 80 a Saturday at the fountain blue hotel 4441 Collins Avenue Miami Beach parents please accompany upstairs under 18 priest will not be allowed in auditions will be featured during the
premier show of the June 11th on Fox for audition rules and requirements visit www. Fox dot com slash idol.
How do you like that 816 to 24 year olds being Miami Beach.
Saturday 8 a.m. at the fountain blue hotel 4441 Collins Avenue Beach if you think you're hot if you think you're talented if you think you're both of the above you're probably not.
Georgia's going to be there like just hang out about.
Check out the scene see you show some of them.
I want to arrange an appearance that would be good as a reporter.
Yeah we probably get I read it you know bring a few sandwiches over there something like that.
Sure how much you want to take a peek.
Hey it's how it how it David.
But no piece of his return.
Colin.
Colin.
Colin can't deliver.
The separatory lake no progress.
Try my food to stop to the warmest sheens when it came down to tough negotiations.
Power really took one on the chin.
Biscuit.
It's concerned.
But no piece of his return.
Colin.
Colin.
Colin can't deliver.
I'm 44 by the way maybe I want to leave a message for the old man in the morning the grumpy old man that politically correct is out and long has been politically incorrect is enough to show because.
Bill Maher is bad and it's a terrible show but politically correct is definitely much more in than it ever was before politically correct is out it's old it's outdated it's outmoded only old old fogies want to be politically correct.
267 votes on our survey today speaking of being politically correct.
Do you have any problems with Niels comedy bits or comments about race we asked today.
In the wake of the Intempered Grotesque remark that was made about 715 this morning on the Mohaward show.
About in the guise of stick I'm saying these horrible things on a year and if they were done in any other market I would certainly have a bullet in the head.
I've gone air mo brilliant I say instance suspension least till football season starts no mistake about it.
Do you have any problems with the Niels comments about race in the comedy bits on no and Howard David as an asshole is leading the ways it has been from the get go 159 votes on that.
No they're funny as hell 136 votes yes he's a racist 47 but down to 12.8% now on that.
Who think I'm a racist.
In addition with let me ask you is there something wrong with being a racist.
No not really at least drawn.
And then no I and then I always said that that I have a problem I have a problem with dark folks because they're just too many dark folks where I scumbags that does make me a bad guy because I have the balls to say that okay some other people just want to sugarcoat everything just like talking about Bud see like and saying I'm sure he's a very nice man.
He's not a nice man he's an asshole.
He's an asshole he's a game player he's a liar he's devious he makes all kinds of dishonest backdoor deals he went right in front of Congress and lied through his teeth about the baseball owners losing all that money.
But I'm sure he's a very nice man why why say that you know all this old funny that he's about well if you can't say something nice about somebody yeah that's pretty entertaining.
Let's just do a nice show from now on and see how many people will continue to be listening who and how wants to be nice.
It's one thing to be nice in real life this is a radio show and this old man still don't get it.
Anyway am I getting worked up again about that little little bit.
Hey I got news for if I was as grumpy and grouchy and the bent out of shape as this guy gets about little minutia like those emails I already have the lawyers on the guy the info I be calling the FBI I mean here's a guy that's like I don't even want to say it you know I'm you know I'm thinking right now.
No well good that's right you got to stay out of it you just you just got to reprieve anyway there funny is how 139 yes these are racist 47 12.6% and now I agree with this comments in the comedy that's 25 so like 80 what 88% almost 87 and a half percent.
373 I just mentioned that in passing okay because we're not thin skinned on this show we even give the audience every now and then just like on this pool a chance to take a little shot here and there not that kind of a shot Howard not that kind of a shot you maniac you lunatic you you just obsessive silly here old man with your lime green pants.
Punctificating with a social commentary about the day I see I would like to follow somebody that I could really get excited about.
Look at the way with Rick and suds the way we bonded there and even though you know they were okay when they were doing the mornings that come in an hour early we would bond look at the little spill over the hand can I had their little crossover at two o'clock that was fun.
Because Hank and I love each other okay we like each other a lot I'm not talking about yeah we're too big to love each other that way and thanks got too many hookers online but the fact of the matter is we're good friends like on the year anyway.
Nothing we go out and eat together like hang out of the strip joints together but the fact of the matter is I like Hank and he likes me we get along just fine in spite of all the ask us that certain other people are trying to do to him which they have no effect by the way Mo it has no impact he's unimpressed and by the way so Dave Johnson so with Dave Johnson.
Unimpressed with you and your hair piece anyway did I make my point three counts dismissed against X Dolphin star in our case see I try to play it fair in other words I don't just bring the stories on when some jock or X jock is got you know if he gets so off so to speak.
Squirt squirt will be delighted to put it on although it's still in limbo.
Four lotterdale says the Sun Central Circuit Judge Joe Lazarus on Monday dismissed three charges fire bombing attempted murder and attempted aggravated battery against former army often safety Jean Atkins citing a lack of evidence.
The only remaining charge left against Atkins is solicitation to commit a fire bombing a third degree felony punishable by up to five years in prison he had faced a maximum of 10 years on the four charges how can we have any facts is yet from our stock broker friends like the guy Raymond James I don't think they understand what the question is.
The question is is it time to dump all of those like like a shit tricks and the Cisco and all of those what was the other ones I mentioned Oracle Sun are they going to go out of business is what I'm worried about and I'd like to get something out of before they go bust because the Nasdaq seems to be having a hole in it just like my portfolio it's like a sieve you keep putting water in it keeps leaking out the bottom.
There is no evidence of direct participation Lazarus said he also said there was no evidence that met the reasonable mine standard one on which most people would agree that Atkins do an advance about the crime.
Lazarus will probably be asked by the prosecution to reconsider the dismissal of three counts when trial resumes today earlier in the day yesterday Atkins denied in court ever asking anyone to fire bomb or otherwise harm his ex business partner Atkins on trial in a private county courtroom for attempted secondary murder and related charges stemming from the April 1998 fire bombing in suburban Miramar testified about 20 minutes.
The defense attorney Fred Hadad engaged atkins in a rapid fire question answer session about the early morning attack with Molotov cocktails that left the home of Alfred Simmons and flames it was flaming Atkins said he supplied the money for the construction partnership and Simmons atkins college roommate brought the know how in contacts the business folded months after Simmons left to join a rival firm in his denials Atkins contradicted testimony of three prosecution witnesses said he hired them to mess up Simmons and revenge for leaving the construction business that to it started around 1996.
Three men were convicted in the fire bombing. How do you like that? Antonio Holloway, Antonio.
Although it is now here. It's printed and Tiono now that can't be right. Can it never heard of that before. No, well it's a dark name. I know they butcher those names and see there he goes again.
Antonio Holloway served the year and wasn't it sweet seeing Antonio talking to oh, that's right. You'll see it today down there on NBC. Yeah Antonio calls Pilar today calls Mama Sita from Vermuta.
Where were the hell are hanging out just as that guys about to shoot him. He's just everybody's getting shot these days.
Getting ready to shoot him and sheer in that guy for because he's pissed off and going to get even revenge for something that we don't know about yet.
That's on passions for those of you who don't have good taste in watching TV.
We're busy wasting your time watching stupid stuff like meat the press.
I'll tell you one thing that Tim Russell he ought to be ridden the face you know for the way he sucked up on that Catholic church thing.
Who are you kidding Tim baby? Who are you kidding huh?
Here's another one which you how come nobody's talking about this.
Antrax.
Karen St. Louis. That's right. Let me say it again.
Antrax.
Karen St. Louis authorities are investigating the possibility that a white powder inside the letter opened yesterday in the Thomas E. Golden Federal Building in downtown St. Louis might be anthrax.
We ran a task force over there for an anthrax scarce at Fire Department kept in Bob Heinecke.
The letter was postmark indicated been sent from out of state was open at 1 p.m. in the building central mail locations at Don Hines chief pubic affairs for the US Marshal service in Washington.
Emergency protocols went into effect the appropriate agencies were notified has mad fire public healthy said they were on a scene conducting investigation yesterday.
But evidently since we haven't heard a number while sometimes it takes them a couple days right.
At least like everything else we just don't know.
Not that we should be coming on glued by this but it just seems to me that when it comes to things that the government ought to know about we just don't know.
Like where's Osama Yamama is he still alive we don't know where's this lunatic that's putting the pipe bombs in the mailboxes all over the west and now in Texas today in Amarillo.
I don't know.
Yeah we don't know.
How's Ted Kaczynski doing well up until his brother up until his brother spilled the beans we didn't know about that either.
Come and listen to my story about a man named Ted.
A Harvard graduate here and voices in his head and then one day he was feeling kind of weird.
He moved to Montana and grew himself up there.
Crazy that is.
Cycle path.
Strange eyes.
Well the first thing you know Ted begins to prove.
Can folks said Ted that's a uniform or two said California's where the trials gonna be so they loaded up the shack and moved it carefully.
Exhibit eight jury points weird smells.
His lawyer says that Ted's the craziest if you don't believe it just read his manifest.
Ted says he did it because he hates technology and that's why he mailed all those people TNT.
Mail call.
Letter bomb.
Duck and cover.
Well now it's time to say goodbye to Ted and his defense.
He would like to thank you folks for paying the expense.
You're all invited back again to this locality to fight a person's decision of his autobiography.
Soon to be a movie HBO Jerry Springer y'all tuning now you hear and speaking of I don't know guess why we're not getting no facts from our friend at Raymond James.
I don't know brokage.
That's right.
They don't know.
They don't know.
Maybe they don't want to be any advice because their fam going to rip them an ass on the air.
If I like sell some score or son and they wind up going up in about six months to like triple what they are right now or quadruple or like up to 100 bucks.
See nobody knows the trouble we've seen.
With all this chicane with a so called investment crap and that's what it is.
It's a pile of crap.
Oh well Citrix is going to do this and this one's going to do that and these are great companies.
They're not going to go out of business.
Yeah, that was part of the line for my old friend mid church.
Oh these people are going to go out of business.
Are they so what are you worried about?
It always comes back.
Right.
How's it doing right now?
Now they're mentioning okay Mitch.
Tells the hell is it come on flip flip that thing on air flipping you jackasses.
Oh the S&P is up point 22 22 cent.
What we do baby the now's up 52 but of course the now's only 30 stocks.
Let's see that we don't care.
Oh the next next down.
Nasdax only down four and a half.
Oh let's have a party.
Let's rekindle the goddamn QM ratings party.
The Nasdax only down less than five points down maybe come making a comeback today.
It might make about 23 cent.
In fact it seems to me the last time the Nasdax had an update which is like one out of the last 18 something like that.
It was up about 23 cent or 36 cent.
I'm pretty sure of that because I remember the day.
Boy I don't want to get people out of shape this because the fact we're watching our money vanishing or more you keep putting in there it just keeps falling out the bottom.
I'm not talking about putting more in these stocks but no matter what you put it in the total value of your portfolio keeps vanishing and vanishing and vanishing and vanishing because every day it just keeps disappearing.
Nice going air w you doing a hell of a job with the economy baby.
Just a few more tax cuts for the rich people that should do it.
Miami cop charge with stealing and burning on squad car.
A city of Miami police officers been charged with torching his own police car which was found burned after reported at stolen Dave County police said.
In addition to arson Kenny Carpenter 39 was charged Friday with tampering with evidence and official misconduct for the April 25th report.
Carpenter bonded out of Dave County jail Sunday for 15 grants and jail spokeswoman Shandra Gavin Carpenter Shandra Carpenter repeatedly changed his statements about the incident and had asked the investigating detective to ignore his previous statements.
Dave police said an assistant public defender was at the bond hearing but the office said that yesterday Carpenter would likely have a zone attorney of future hearings.
City of Miami police spokesman Delridge monster for questions on a case to Miami detectives yesterday.
Moss and Dave police spokesman Ed Munn said they didn't know why Carpenter would torch his police car.
Carpenter statement to police following his arrest will not be made public for another three weeks month said.
What the hell would that be all about?
That's interesting.
Carpenter first told city police that the white 1998 tourist complete with shotgun pistol and lights was stolen from in front of his house in the kindle area.
April 23rd the car was found a day later burned away Halk.
That's what it says here burned to a Halk.
It's southwest 117th Avenue 150 second street and an unincorporated area of the county patrol by Miami days.
How do you like that? He burned his own patrol car but maybe in three weeks they'll tell us and maybe not.
Just like you said we don't know.
1156 at 560 W. Come are we getting any more faxes or maybe your fax machine isn't working because I'm sure they're working on James still getting bull crap from chronic faxers but nothing good.
Nothing good about the stock market. Nothing good about anything.
See you can't get any advice you can't get any guidance you can't get any council we're just we've just been turned a drift here with all our money like down to toilet and any hopes of getting it back or forget about it.
Just kiss a goodbye.
I want to bang you in the butt honey.
Oh you don't want to hug your got to don't you?
What did you get? Oh fuck one.
Too bad.
Hi, stay cold to me. You can call me Yummy.
Whenever I'm in town I listen to wait a minute I am in town.
Don't step on it.
You get like boots a lot.
Yes, they like boots a lot.
Boots a lot, boots a lot.
You got like boots a lot.
Really like boots a lot.
You got like boots a lot.
Boots a lot, boots a lot.
You got like boots a lot.
Down in the locker room just sweet boy.
Eat down the locker room with all that noise.
Shake it, you get like boots a lot.
You got like boots a lot.
Boots a lot, boots a lot.
You got like boots a lot.
You got like boots a lot.
Turn your way to Jackalat.
Guess I learned to jackalat.
Got you when you jackalat.
Got your way to Jackalat.
Jackalat, jackalat.
You got to way to Jackalat.
Got you when you jackalat.
You got to way to Jackalat.
Got a lot of football.
But football feels you never can tell what it means.
You can't be a show.
You got to win your chocolate.
You got to way to Jackalat.
You got to way to Jackalat.
You got to way to Jackalat.
You got to way to Jackalat.
If I had a flag along.
If I had a flag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
If I have a trust.
If I have a tricygger.
If I had a long tag along.
If I had a long tag along.
Don't be sad to make the good marriage.
Don't be sad to make the good marriage.
Don't be sad to make the good marriage.
Don't be sad to make the bad marriage
Don't be sad to make the bad marriage.
Don't be sad to make the bad marriage.
Don't be sad to make the good marriage.
Don't be sad to make the good marriage.
Don't be sad to make the good marriage.
That's another big tank of
was in the
you know just Saturday during the running of the derby they were like
with the 25th anniversary of Seattle's slew in the derby 1977 and they had all these
features and they were showing us the three races etc and so on
guess what happened?
a back surgery he died
yeah
Seattle slew dead at 28
oh of course even Georgia members Seattle slew
sure you've heard the name absolutely
written by Frenchman Jean-Cruge the Frenchman
he was a jockey and of course everybody was a little bit nervous about him because
he was known to be a little bit erratic and after he won the first two legs the
prickness and the the Kentucky derby and then the prickness a lot of people said
hey he's definitely a sense to win the triple crown as long as the Frenchman
doesn't fall off that was the joke as long as he doesn't fall off and then
of course during the stretch run as he was several lengths ahead in the
bell mod and on the way to the triple crown as they approached the wire
Jean-Cruge stood up in a saddle and raised the whip to salute the crowd and
everybody held their breath
exactly just like that
Seattle slew dead at 28
oh
pin on our parade sorry about that sorry I always got to give you bad news
here's something that's pretty interesting that I've been holding on to for several days
and I appreciate this being faxed to me and probably whoever faxed it said
what are you going to read this no faxes yet on the stock market uh
no
look at all the times that I didn't want any advice that I was saying I'm never
going to put another time in my life in the market and look at all the times I was
getting those faxes unsolicited from our good friend especially the guy at
the Raymond James and associate stock brokers maybe they're all in jail or
something
maybe all the stock brokers are in jail together but we can only hope
now I'm sure not that guy all we never know
but now that I'm asking for advice should I get rid of this should we all dump it
should we get rid of our sisco should we get rid of our shiptricks should we
get rid of our son palm all of these things nothing nothing that's okay but
anyway the following is a letter read by author Claire Bras Valentine at this
year celebration of the muse at Cabrillo College are you know where Cabrillo
College is no idea neither do I anyway it's worth knowing that the author is a
woman of 60 plus years conservatively dressed and obviously quite talented
it's an open letter to John Ascroft attorney general of the United States
it says on January 28th 2002 attorney general John Ascroft announced he spent
$8,000 of taxpayers money for drapes to cover up the exposed breast of the
spirit of justice and 18-foot aluminum statue of a woman that stands in the
Department of Justice's Hall of Justice John John John you've got your
priorities all wrong while men fly airplanes into size skyscrapers dive bomb
the Pentagon while they stick explosives into their shoes and then book a seat
right next to us while they hide knives in their luggage steal kids on school
buses take little girls from beds at night drive trucks into our state
capital buildings while our president calls dangerous men all over the world
evil doers and devils while we live in the threat of biological warfare nuclear
destruction annihilation you are out buying yardage to save Americans from the
appalling alarming a vulnerable aluminum alloy of evil the terrible 10-foot
titty you might not be able to find bin Laden but you sure as hell found the
hooter in the hall of justice it's not that we aren't grateful but while we're
begging the women of Afghanistan to not cover up their faces you're begging your
staff members to just cover up that nipple to save the American people from
that monstrous metal memory how can we ever thank you so in your office every
morning in your secret prayer meeting while an American woman is sexually
assaulted every six seconds while anthrax floats around a post office and
settles in the chest of senior citizens you've got another chest on your mind
while American sons arrive home in body bags and heat seeking missiles fly
around a foreign country looking for any warm body you think of another body and
you pray for the biggest bra on the world John because you see that breast on
the spirit of justice in the spirit of your own inhibited sexuality and when
we see when we women see our grandmothers our mothers our daughters our grand
daughters our sisters ourselves when we women see that statue the spirit of
justice we see the spirit of strength the spirit of survival while every day
we've you innocent bodies dragged out of rubble and women and children laid
out like thin-lipped dolls and baptized into death as collateral damage and the
hollow out Afghani mothers milk has dried up underneath her burka in famine and
shame in her children are dead at her breast while you look at that breast
John that jug on the spirit of justice and deal with your thoughts of lust and
sex and nakedness we see it as a testimony to motherhood and you see it as a
tit it's not the money it caused it's the message you send we've got the right
to live in freedom we've got the right to cheat Americans out of millions of
dollars and then just not want to tell Congress about it we've got the right to
drop bombs night in day on a small country that has no army no navy no
military at all because we've got the right to bear arms but just we better not
even think about the right to bear breasts so now john you can be photographed
while you stand there and talk about guns and bombs and poisons without the
breast appearing over your right shoulder without that bodacious bosom bothering
you and we just wanted to tell you the spirit of justice and the spirit of truth
John there's still one very big boob left standing there in that picture pretty
good huh yeah let's hear it for Claire uh...
brass Valentine all right at Cabrio College where we're going to have a look at
I'm saving that I'm putting that over my column of stuff to save which I
don't have that many of that I save any stock market stuff and the stuff that
you're fixing here is all crap I normally wouldn't actually
dredge thing but I thought this begged to be a lesson he listens to the show mad
drudging she's probably looking for a little publicity here can't hurt
I think he just has thousands stations
well this is the only thing that you fact is a bunch of like a lot of these
that we had some good stock advice on here for crying out of the stock broke
is out there no one you've got in the hiding
you assholes you grave robbers you you hocksers of crap
you direct mysters
anyway in the drudging report which you're right we seldom to read because he's
a silly person he's a silly lady he says made romantic reversal from normal
radio practice stations are being paid big bucks to carry bill or is new
naturally syndicated talk show the drudging pork and out of disclose
or i'll use radio flagship in new york city w o r
alone is being paid three hundred grand according to sources
just to carry the cable stars radio program which launches tomorrow
by the way did we find out which stations carrying it in south florida
if i was carrying it no
difficulty clearing or i'll be in the wash and dc market raise the payout
price to two hundred thousand to go into insiders a payout that was rejected by
all major stations in the region how do you like that i like it
it is not known if k a b c n l a was awarded cash to run the daily program
incentive secure your riley came after syndicate or westwood one and
fit of uh... biocom which is all together had trouble placing the controversial
tv host and best selling author
unlike his targeted radio competitor flush limbaugh has never paid attention
paid stations to carry that that's that's not right
uh...
but rush limbaugh was on q a m they were paying the station to carry that know that
for a fact
i know that for a fact so once again mad drudging
hook him up with time jica
unlike lush lush limbaugh has never paid station to carry broadcast which is
incorrect or rather launches this week under a cloud of controversy says mad
drudge this is without precedent the spoken word format of commercial radio
noted a broadcast executive of personally rejected no riley offer
but a source post of the riley no spin team explains this is simply money for
marketing
as first reported in the space last november fox news host riley's been planning
to join the radio wars initially uh... denying a deal was a foot months later
or rather in syndicate or westwood one struck a deal
the radio factor with the laran is the biggest launch in the history of talk
radio to air record to hundred five radio station station wide
trumpeted a business by press release issued by riley syndicate of this week
stations ready to the program include w a i t in chicago
w t c k c
i can't even say k t c t
san francisco
k r l d and allis and w a l k
in lana which i never heard of in my life
ice-cointer mad drudge but a bad mistake because the limbaugh people did play
the pay w k m to carry it before we're going to work with i n z i d
where we want to
jay a lot of people making a lot of mistakes so that that
twelve minutes after noon of q m don't you make a mistake this year by
sending flowers to mom again from other's day because it's old it's still you
know
it just keeps getting bigger
the story
the rock bomb
beach
in the world
uncle tade
did throw on some boxers shorts but screws are bar and rage with some babes
excellent
our money
women
and
who
uncle tade
let's use our
into the slash name to press these baves and do the wild thing
in the compound
no way bill
yes way dad
excellent
they're rich
they're powerful
they like this
when they can't
and
and
next
and
and
and
and
and
and
and one of the two great bids he ever did in his life on the original ideas one of the two
ever had in his life how's your own doing is he okay
what's wrong with
nesley's turtle baby so i went to my dominion yesterday i got some very good
news for you
yeah now you can imagine in a big beautiful brand new supermarket
that has that's got like
about like a dozen different parts of the store where they have freezer
compartments with all kinds of frozen like pizzas and vegetables and everything
the desserts
so the ice cream my area is like enormous huge
but the good news is they only had nestley's turtle and half gallons
lucky
you
no i'm a diden by it
i would eat in half gallon i would probably be here right now would have brought
at home and and uh... edit
but they do have it and why would that be i wonder i think i guess to get the
smaller containers you have to go like the convenience stores in the little
dinky places
to get little dinky sizes only one leader which is more than a court by the way
i just mentioned
everybody down there's been trying to find nestley's turtle and you won't find it
because it's not down there a can't get it
no half a gallon i guess i could like you know eat a little bit of it at
time like a little bit yeah sure no i wouldn't
commando kody i think was the real name of rock and man but i'm going to take that
survey the tomorrow like some day about your favorite action figure cartoon
comic book
cereals
no no did we figure was it the passion plays was that what you called it you know
what it baits i think you're right
the passion plays i mean what does that mean passion plays they were
there were cereals they were like fifteen minute little uh... cereals
they were continued every Saturday there was a superman one and
uh... rock and man which i think it was really officially called commando kody
maybe somebody of fact that answer to but i don't think so
i think so fact now is only be used for crap from what you tell me
got a nice wall street article here no advice just
talk her up there no i don't want articles about wall street i don't want
stories i don't want exposes i want it advice i want information
the audience i'm sure there are a lot of people out there who are like crappin
or pants let's see the does of the eighty eight let's hear from the down
oh
uh... look
assuming that from all of that information they were able to glean something
john helter named his type on suspect for sure all they're saying is we are
interested at this time
in talking to the we being law enforcement interested in talking to him
and again he has not been charged
and kelly often times law enforcement will have a list of suspects a list of
people that they essentially track based on previous
run-ins or previous experiences was this a man who was on that list and we know
i do not know bill yeah okay
i'm telling you we're not alive in washington there's a whole lot we do not
know that certainly kelly want to cut you lose so that you can able
yeah cut her loose luke john helter named his pipe on suspect does that mean they got
him in custody twenty two years old is that right
that's right twenty two white dark hair blue eyes until
okay hum the court with minnesota
re-nice i'm sorry bill green eyes i don't want to get that right
to get it thank you kelly come back when we get more okay
okay so obviously they don't have a custody of the but let lucha on helter
holder
helter
name this pipe on suspect
hold on a step five and a half point
like i said i don't see me in advice okay
haha
oh man investing my ass what did i tell you wasn't either one guy that had the balls to
say it's not investing its gambling
you're gambling there's no more investing anymore in americans gambling
wild highly speculative gambling only for people that got lots of money to lose
speaking of losing money what about a vagus story sounds good to me
the mobsters who brought Las Vegas to life may soon be called upon to save its
sad old downtown bugsy sequel in this boys are long gone and organized crime is the
lasting the sultans of these scrubbed up strip want to talk about these days
but Las Vegas mayor oscar goodman has just suggested that the city start showcasing
its sorted gangster era by opening a mob museum
a lot of people here want to forget the past or keep trying to erase it you said
but i've never been ashamed of where the city came from we ought to bring back
some of the mystique
i think he's got a good point you know it
more than just a museum
yeah i mean the mystique i think is what it's all about
that's why everybody loves the godfather is that or they though family thing
and the the uh... consulieri the whole organization of the family and the food
and they throw in your sausages and the meatballs all these things you know
in the church and the baptizing counties baby while they're blowing everybody away
yeah that's what it's all about that's why everybody loves the godfather
it's the mystique
or as i suggested to mow this morning mystique it up your ass anyway it goes on to
say goodman a celebrated lawyer who spend his career defending underworld
figures before being elected mayor three years ago is the kind of guy who likes to
sip martinis in a shiny suit and dream up ideas is crazy enough to work in this one
could be a beauty it says i think it's a winner
los vegas is luck would have it is about to take control of a seventy year old
federal building that's an architectural gem and it's only a few miles from the
vibrant strip in a dreary corner of downtown that most tourists devoid and
that city leaders are desperately trying to revitalize
yeah downtown to me i mean i know they did a lot of stuff down i i don't like downtown
and so many people say to me oh when you go to vegas next time really got to go
downtown that's where everybody wins down there i i don't like it
no one's decided what to do with the building yet but goodman recently unveiled his vision for it
a museum filled with mom and rubyia goodman even promised to donate treasures from his personal
collection of gangster artifacts including an original type of a mafia induction ceremony
wow would you love to hear that absolutely right now we're talking about we're talking about
the real thing not some glamorized romanticized thing from a francis Ford
coppola
the building a former federal courthouse was the site of a famous nineteen fifty
senator in that an investigate the gaming industries links to organize crime
the irony of opening a mob museum in the same place delights the mayor
many in lost vegas which is meant to pass decade trying to clean up much of its
act aren't so sure they want to remind anybody about that part of the city's
history still the idea seems to be winning some support i guess you can't deny the city's colorful
past said erica brand vick a spokesman for the lost vegas convention and visitors of thorey
i think it's a great idea let's do it let's do it let's get the god damn body of uh
myer lansky and maybe we'll have like even a mummy of his little dog and put him in the museum huh
a little doggy is to walk on columns avenue see at one point he must have lived on my
beach must add a condo on a beach because he lived in halandale and when you notice him godfather
too they went to visit him it was in halandale right remember that sure
boy but evidently at one point in his illustrious i think toward the end
when he got to be a real old Jew he just lived in one of the high rises on colons avenue
and they always said all the old ladies used to really like him because he was very friendly when he
was out walking his dog and would say good morning and you'd seem like at wolfies which is
probably why doesn't there anymore have we heard anymore by the way speaking of wolfies about the
new e-furbished and revitalized wolfies they were gonna build no you should send that article no
see what i mean i mean i'm not saying that i don't want a poor cold water on their parade
but when i had that article those couple of days we talked about wolfies just one more nail in
the coffin baby all the good stuff they're dying down there all vanishing pretty soon all you're
gonna have left is about 50 lacaretta's all around town that's gonna be a no more delis no more
nothing no you know other than emerald coast probably no more chinks we got to save emerald coast
very sad when wolfies close down and the articles kept saying oh yeah but they're gonna build a
brand new like it's gonna be better and yeah i hope so for your sake but don't depend on it how
many votes on that pull four hundred and forty two heavy duty man heavy duty that's why they're
not busy faxing right now they're busy on the pole they're working on it do you have any problems
with meals comedy oh and by the way the collar the collar who was on the phone just like most of the
collar is being an ass sucker that he was whatever Howard would have said Howard could have said
uh i think that anybody who makes a racist comment should be like uh we should we should bring him
in here and shoot him right on it you know no matter what it was he would have said the collar said
oh absolutely right Howard that's exactly what he said we made that grotesque comment about people
who are doing things allegedly uh uh tongue in cheek or allegedly doing stick in the name no hiding
under the day a guys of stick doing things that they would could take a bullet in the head for in
any other market the most intemperate comment the most irresponsible ass and i comment in the history
of talk radio nice going how he oh and a collar oh yeah you're right oh you're so right
suck suck suck suck you're so right that's another reason collar is suck most of them are just
a bunch of suck holes looking to ingratiate themselves and agree with whatever don't you think that
uh yeah don't you agree that no yeah agree that most collars are assholes yes i was saying to
George before the show today most normal people when i say normal that covers a lot of territory
especially coming from me but most your average pedestrian run of the mill people would not
collar radio talk show would you agree with that absolutely i wouldn't it's it it's just not
something you do but what's the point
442 votes on the survey the question of they do you have any problems with Neil's comedy bits or
comments about race no and Howard David is an asshole 195 people said that no they're funny as
hell 165 said that yes he's a racist 53 11.9% said that and no i agree with those comments 29
so in other words we got like 88% on our side pretty good for this crowd 88%
stick that in your pipe and uh or whatever you like
rectum Maui come on baby come play with these titties
timmick pay he's on trial for that fateful day
i am sure he's guilty as a j do you believe in timmick pay dane courage
oh he's turned up to the iris
jennad greeno and the 80 f it took a beating in the press wide
beat place that bomb and cause so much drive
will he get the chair or instead will he get life to the clay
you
heard a rumor that he might be gay
boy according to my 48 i hate the government just as much as most of you
but i'm not ignorant though i have a low IQ
militiamen most of them are doing 8 to 10
they can't have their weapons in the pan
will timmick pay be joining the oh i'll see you no more
i just mentioned i played that because of the fact that they uh i've got to lead on the
sky to searching for him in texas the pipe bomb guy okay whatever the hell his name was before
what was his name most you pick up i got there's certain form in texas
here's the facts from chris who says how her david should suck your
if it wasn't for you wqm couldn't afford to pay him that ridiculous salary you make that
station and then it says him chris f him thank you chris and you are absolutely
correct sir that's okay because he's a sour push for no sense to you more i guess came in a
town thinking we were all gonna like jenny fleck and get on our hands and ease and kisses ass
it doesn't work that way how it okay it's like uh that's why people listen to this radio station
because it's outrageous because we actually say something we just don't sit around name dropping
and kissing each other's ass and even hank who likes the name drop uh rips ass okay he kicks ass
and rips ass as opposed to just kissing ass just like that bit about bud sealing i'm sure he's a very
nice man if i hear that one more time i'm gonna pick my butt out okay how he finally after much begging
and pleading out again this guy named don and i thank him for faxing the this it says i serve on
the pension board for a multi-million dollar company and um i can barely read this a multi-dollar
i'm sorry a multi-million dollar fund in broward county last winter i attended an investment
conference in new orleans that featured many top money managers from new york and elsewhere
at these conferences the managers tend to tell the truth because they know institutional investors
are invested for the long haul your local stockbreakers are afraid to scare you out of the market
so they tend to present a rosy scenario yeah like matured oh don't worry it always comes back
right the outlook from the majority of speakers was rather dismal the most logical speaker in my
opinion was a guy from boston who had 30 years experience running funds he said the doubt would
have had best to break even year in two thousand two but that the nasdaq was overvalued and
should eventually sing to a true value of about twelve hundred he said the only thing keeping it
up was too much wishful thinking by people remember nineteen ninety nine valuations are refusing
to accept three percent bonds only when reality sets in when they begin to sell an earnest looks
like we may be reaching that point hope this helps is done it helps a lot done thank you god bless
you for telling the truth telling the freaking truth instead of this crap that they pedal 24 hours
or at least whether or not to inform ourselves and pretend to be a news station round the clock
about fifteen hours a day on that frequency and bc and i don't give a crap how many of bags
she's got under her eyes maria barter rumble wouldn't know a guy damn stack stock if they stuck it
up her ass okay all these losers they got all these pretenders they got on that network on cnbc
the gambling channel they should be in jail right now okay they should find a summer your mama and
stick his ass right in there with all of them every one of them even our good friend head David
well give him a separate cell kosher oh by the way the good news is finally we got some good news
today thank goodness the Egypt air crash and tunis they were talking about before yeah they had an
emergency landing no injuries no fatalities maybe no no big woop yeah well the u.s. led coalition
never find Osama or his body they asked on cnn yes forty one percent no fifty nine percent of the
American public said hey they're not going to find him or his body no Osama your mama that goes to
show you how little confidence we have and rightfully so they couldn't fight a guy damn egg
and an omelette the FBI but maybe they got this guy texas and then again maybe not
man that for stocking Caroline Kennedy what a Kennedy she got their problems these days you know
a Canadian man apparently obsessed with the Kennedys was awaiting a reigning yesterday on
charges that he stocked Caroline Kennedy Schlossberg in the lobby of her upper east side apartment
building official that's the first name that i pronounce right today and i'm very proud of it
police said Sydney wait thirty nine years to a richman british colombia has been sending
Schlossberg on solicited letters and parcels for the past two years some of the letters contain
threats police said wait apparently never tried to contact Schlossberg in person before police
said but last week in the venture to see her more than three thousand miles from his home in Canada
although he arrived at four thirty p.m. Sunday he told the dormant he had a one a one p.m. appointment
with Schlossberg the dormant gruesome suspicious because he knew Schlossberg wasn't home police said
that's generally not a good idea to see you have an appointment with somebody when they're not
home are you expecting a call from somebody unless it's Greg Reed of course because then you know
you won't get to call anyway the dormant then recognized weights name which the man had given
him and linked it to many letters and packages Schlossberg received police said the dormant called
the 19th precinct on offices arrived him and it's later and took weight in the custody police said
oh by the way resolution is in limbo and a standoff at the church in the activity in Bethlehem aren't
you surprised by that no oh we got to deal we don't have a deal get Monty Hall in there to
make a deal okay because you guys over there between the Arabs and the Jews and the Jews in the
Arabs Christ they couldn't decide on where to eat deli oh I think it's falafel today don't you
anyway this guy was charged by police with harassment aggravated harassment and stalking all
misdemeanors Schlossberg 44 is the last survival member of former president Kennedy's first family
she has a reputation for keeping a far lower profile than other brothers including your brother
John F. Kennedy Jr who started a political magazine before he died in that plane crash in 1999
and just keep in mind that we're irreverent see we're also bastards on the show because we didn't
suck his ass JFK Jr just like all the tabloids did and all the other magazines that oh he was
wonderful he what did he ever do started that magazine yeah exact and crashed that point plus
most people with two eyes or even one eye believe that he was never he was never JFK son anyway
he looked like Aristotle and we know that Jackie bitch we know what a slut she was she was banging
and everything and of course there was JFK so there was a lot of banging going on baby so why is
everybody so bad out of shape of a bubble that's what just that's that's what kills me about
America such hypocrites your presidents have been screwing their brains out for years I mean
Roosevelt died there with his mistress at his side and warm springs or hot springs or you know
I don't think they were too hot with him but nevertheless they're going on forever Jefferson with
a slaves he was banging now they're arguing about who's really the descendants of Jefferson
and the slave women and all of this crap last time I checked he was the the turd president you
turd yeah so that goes back a few ways but oh my god bubble and then they talk about while she
was so young compared what the hell difference is that make every old fart with some money
wants to bang some hot young chick all you old farts out there that are salivating that are
yanking yourselves raw with pictures of Britney there when there was Pepsi spots who now are you
kidding man see that with that now with this there's no deal where you can like eliminate the spots
what that was right was talking about yesterday I don't have that what do they call it Tivo and
uh yeah T. Well I don't have that one but I think we're the with a new technology where you can
like eliminate the spots that's out because now people are going back to the VCRs they want to
make sure they get the spots when Britney's on there they don't want to miss any sporting events
if Britney's Pepsi spots are going to be on there and when she was 17 in fact I guarantee if she
would have been famous when she was 16 she still probably looked pretty see I can't even say it
because I know that small bills on the night she still looked pretty damn good when she was 16 okay I'll
guarantee you that and the same old leeches that were sitting there screaming about god damn JF
about JFK and about the Bubba and this one and that one all at least JFK had better taste he was
banging some hot looking chicks one thing about Bubba he don't care you know he's a dog if it's warm
he's uh he's into it more ways than one hey how'd you like to have a big one we're talking
now and I see don't right away they want to put two and two together and give five and a half we're
talking about a big paycheck a big impressive paycheck that you can do something with if you do
want one then fast-ranking up you get it get managed I f**king them out this is Senator Ted Kennedy
and I want to talk about one of the most important priorities for America's future cuts in education
for every child in America we cannot rebuild and modernize America's schools the doors will be closed
for many students we ask you the American people to stand with us by letting the president and
congress know there's not one dollar in the budget for education democrats ask the president to
join with us to keep billions of dollars and six hundred billion dollars in new tax breaks for
the wealthy thank you for listening you're welcome 246 at five sixty wqa so anyway Luke John
Helder that's the name of the scumbag that they're looking for who's got is a green eyes or blue eyes
green you sure that's what they said green are you sure well whatever he's got he's got two eyes
and a nose and he's twenty two and he's a punk so somebody faxed me the text which I already had
this but you know it'll kill some good time the text of the wording of the letter found with the
pipe bomb and this was the one in Scott County Iowa it says it doesn't know if it matches let this
is from CNN dot com it's not known if it matches let us connect to the other mailbox pipe bombs
and the content is it says mailboxes are exploding why you ask attention people you do things
because you can and want desire to if the government controls what they want you to do they control
what you can do if you're under the impression that death exists and you fear it you do anything
to avoid it this is the same way pain operates naturally we strive to avoid negative emotion slash pain
you allow yourself to fear death world authorities allowed and still allow you to fear death
in avoiding death you're forced to conform if you fail to conform you suffer mentally and physically
our world powers utilizing the natural survival instincts in a way that allows them to capitalize
on the people to live avoid death in this society your forced to conform slash slave away
i'm here to help you realize slash understand that you live no matter what it's up to you people
to open your hearts and minds there's no such thing as death the people i've dismissed from this
reality are not at all dead huh they're not at all dead conforming to the boundaries and restrictions
imposed by the government only reduces the substance in your lives so there's that substance
against when one percent of the nation controls 99 percent of the nation's total well it's a wonder
that why there are control problems is it a wonder is it the United States draft to provide
freedom for their people do we really have personal freedom i've lived here for many years and i
see so much limitation does the definition of freedom include limitation i've learned about the
history of various civilizations in history and i see more and more limitation do people enjoy
this trend of limitation if not change it as long as you're uninformed about death you'll continue
to say how high when the government tells you to jump as long as the government's uninformed
about death i'll continue to tell you to jump is the government uninformed about death or are they
pretending you've been missing how things are for a very law for very long i'm obtaining your
attention in the only way i can more info is on its way more attention getters are on a way if i
could i would change only one person unfortunately the resources are not accessible it seems killing
a single famous person will get the same media attention as killing numerous unfamous humans there
is less risk of being detained associated with dismissing certain people sincerely someone who
cares ps more info will be delivered to various locations around the country signed a crazy person
no no no no no no no no it's like that a stark raving crazy person how do you like them apples
uh remember when we used to get reams and reams of faxes just like that from someone in the audience
um hmm crazy person um hmm we have to call the cops on um hmm yeah kind of like bubbles up in my
mind now thinking about yeah yeah right um hmm anyway there you go
fine a maria baby more more uh support there for uh what i've been talking about for years
forced sterilization when they find this come back and you look in the background out here in
damn tea you'll find some real smartly crappy i'm saying i wonder which side of the trailer park he
grew up on now see there you go again making all those comments those racist comments about white
trailer trash which has nothing to do with dark people by the way oh and i was thinking before which
neglected to mention this. Who do you think is the white is the dark folks in
South Florida their favorite cracker radio personality? That's a good question.
Who do you think? Well we don't have enough dark folks to take a poll on it.
Plus other people would dick with our poll. But you see what I'm getting at?
Sure. I have a feeling it's almost certainly. I could be wrong about that. But I
think if you went out there like tonight about 10, 11 o'clock you know just drive
over there in Overtown Liberty City, drive around town and just roll down your
windows and acts. Who do you be like and what white guy you like on the radio?
Who do you listen to? Do you want to do that? No I'm not gonna be the one to do
that. Well why not? I don't go to that point. We just asked and then most said
that's a good idea. That'd be a good place to send George. He said he would go
because he's stupid. He's stupid.
Ten. Roll another plant.
I'm taking a next semester and I know why.
I'm taking a next semester and I know why.
I'm taking a next semester and I know why.
I was gonna go to court.
I was gonna pay my child support but then I got high.
No you wouldn't.
I know why.
I was gonna run from the cops but I was high.
I was gonna pull right over and stop but I was high.
Now I'm gonna pay a plea checking.
I know why.
Because I got high.
Because I got high.
I was gonna make love to you.
I was gonna eat your pussy too.
Now I'm taking a last semester and I know why.
I'm trying to shut up.
Because I got high.
I missed it my entire life.
Because I got high.
I lost my keys and white.
Because I got high.
Now I'm sleeping on the sidewalk and I know why.
Because I got high.
I'm gonna stop singing this song.
Because I'm high.
Baby, I'm singing this whole thing wrong.
Because I'm high.
And if I don't sell one copy.
I know why.
Because I'm high.
Because I'm high.
Are you light on me?
