Daddy, Daddy, Daddy, you sucky!
My short daddy, idiot.
There's two things I know for sure.
Daddy, you're a loser.
She was sent here from heaven,
and she's daddy's little girl.
I went back home in my pants.
Thank God for all of the joy in my life.
I think mommy cheats on you.
But most of all,
for butterfly kisses,
at your bedtime prayer,
sticky little white flowers,
all of them burning.
Why is the mailman always here?
Oh, but all that I've done wrong,
I must have done something wrong.
Daddy, why don't you get a job?
To deserve a hug every morning,
and butterfly kisses at night.
Daddy, you smell like beer.
I'm dropping out of high school.
She's looking like a mom,
a little more everyday.
Daddy, I'm pregnant.
One part one,
the other part girl.
I don't know who the father is.
The film and makeup from ribbons and curbs.
The last of turn tricks my pants.
The wind's out in a gravy world.
I drove the car into a tree.
But I remember.
Can you just send me some cigarettes?
Butterfly kisses at night.
Hey, how about a toast for the bride and groom?
She'll change her name today.
Daddy, I'm getting married again.
She'll make a promise,
and I'll give her away.
Dad, that's my ass.
Standing in the bridegroom,
just staring at her.
I think I have siblings.
Ask me what I'm thinking,
and I said I'm not you.
No, I gotta let her go.
I'll always remember.
Hey, Pop.
We're moving in.
And looking the more.
And butterfly kisses.
Dad, I have some news.
I'm a lesbian.
A ride.
Hey, but guess what?
Let's be in his inn now.
So it's not all bad.
903 at 560 WDQ, I'm happy Monday to you.
Yeah, you know I played that?
Father's Day coming up?
No.
OK.
Because this week we're going to be
doing the one hit wonder thing,
which somebody suggested.
Somebody faxed that in several days ago,
and I think that's a great idea for a pool.
I'm not going to do that pool today,
but we'll eventually get to it.
Now, you know who did the original
of a butterfly kisses?
No, I don't.
How do you like that?
I'll give you a clue.
May 10th, 97 is when it first hit the charts.
97?
Yeah.
And you never going to know
because it was a one hit wonder.
Bob Carlisle never heard of it.
Exactly.
That's my point.
See how great these one hit wonders.
Although if you go on the internet,
you'll find anything on the internet.
It's amazing.
And I just typed in a search for one hit wonders
and show enough.
There's all kinds of crap.
A real good one, classic rock list.
I'm going to have to go out and buy the book,
the billboard book.
They got a whole separate book of one hit wonders.
But this list is mighty impressive to me.
Question mark on the students 96 tears
from Saginaw Michigan.
Question mark.
Did you know about him?
Her.
I know they did that song.
I know that song.
Right.
She was a screamer.
Question mark.
Amboid Duke's during the set of the mind.
I got a lot of these.
I just hold your head up.
See the thing of it is these are one hit wonders.
But boy, the songs man, the some pretty heavy duty stuff.
Right.
Blue cheer summertime blues.
I could live without that.
Blue's image right Captain.
Right.
That's one of my favorite favorite songs.
That's a good song.
Well, we'll get into that eventually.
Shocking blue and penis.
Stealer's wheel stuck in the middle with juice.
Stuck in the mall with we.
I think we have them reserves.
Correct.
Don't we have a.
Got that tempo.
Yeah.
Well, we don't have time for it right now.
Here's our pull from over the weekend.
What do you smoke?
I wonder what somebody's smoking in traffic there at QAM.
We don't have any program log today.
I wonder what they're smoking over at balance for life.
The beast who lost two more pounds.
Let's hear it for the beast.
Even though he is a little stupid.
32 pounds he's lost on balance for life.
And just to show how much they appreciate the great job
he's done.
They don't show up with any food this morning.
For his wondering for either Jorwellie.
I mean, you don't count.
I know. I don't count.
Without you.
There's a crap about you.
Although I will say this.
George had a bonding experience with Moe
in the hallway by the tea room this morning.
And I barely didn't have too much impact
because he still didn't mention our name.
My name your name.
He didn't maybe he.
He don't mention anybody's name when he gets to one of these
moods, which is like just about every day.
He doesn't promote anybody else on the station
except sucking up the Hank.
And it's not going to work by the way Moe.
I keep trying to tell you that.
Talking about how even though Hank's a genius,
he couldn't have picked Sir Robert or Winnie a Belmont
on Saturday, 70 to one shot.
Who did?
Nobody.
That's why he was 70 to one.
Wow. I mean, how can you see?
It's the same old crap.
I'm just sick and tired of it already.
Thirberg racing sucks.
War Imblin goes to his knees at the start.
Almost fell down.
It's a miracle that Espinoza didn't fall off.
Had no chance.
And then of course people don't understand the game.
We'll say, yeah, but he moved up there on the inside.
Actually had the lead a little bit.
Well, of course he had to use all his horse
just to get back in contention.
It didn't have a chance to run his race,
which that's not the way he runs anyway.
And then by the time he got the lead,
a little bit on the inside by about a neck,
he puked his guts out.
He was done. He was finito.
So it just wasn't meant to be.
It's just a curse.
There's a hex over Belmont.
Then of course Tyson got the crap kicked out of him.
We're not going to talk about all that sport stuff.
That's been exhausted.
We're very pleased that he got the stuffings kicked out
of him. Well deserved.
Delighted.
Who knew what else was there over the weekend?
Oh, yeah, and the Japan beat Russia one,
nothing.
And they were like burning down Moscow as a result of Pista.
They were riding in the streets.
They set on fire at Japanese restaurant there in Moscow.
Right by the Kremlin.
I guess it'll teach them to try to export that sushi crap.
Anyway, we had 1262 votes on the pool.
What do you smoke?
What are you smoking right now?
What's the water Nazi smoking that our logs all disappeared?
We don't even have a log for this show today.
Maybe somebody got in here and took the logs
and the balance for life's sacks.
Yeah, that could be it.
Somebody stole our balance for life's sacks and the logs too.
Anybody buying that?
No, I don't think so.
We have crappy security in this building,
especially over the weekend.
Everybody's in here.
Anyway, we asked what do you smoke?
I don't smoke anything.
453.
We got a healthy audience man.
Almost 36% of this audience isn't smoking anything.
They're not going to damage their logs.
Just because George keeps trying to, like, you know,
influence them.
Well, he tries to influence them because it's good for business.
202 people smoke pot.
Just pot that 16% of this audience.
So just a bunch of pot heads cigarettes and pot
just to make sure that they are disturbed.
They just scorched their lungs.
129.5%.
Cigars, my kind of people, 119.5%.
I used to smoke cigarettes but quit 110, 8.5%.
I used to smoke pot but quit 94, 7.4%.
Probably with the economy, you know,
they couldn't afford it anymore.
Or maybe they're just old parts.
Although a lot of old parts smoke pot, don't they?
I don't know.
Yeah, sure they do.
I don't know what I need to do.
Oh, come on.
A lot of old, you'd be amazed.
I would be.
Cigarettes 90, 7.1%.
Cigarettes only.
But if you take cigarettes and pot that's 210,
it's almost 17%.
And cigars and pot.
Oh, sir, I'm not done.
Would you calm down?
Cigars and pot.
56, 4.5%.
And I used to smoke cigars but quit.
And just like I told you, very few of us smoke cigars
and actually quit.
Well, what's the point?
You're not going to inhale them.
And it's not like only smoking them constantly anyway.
Only 18 people, 1.4%.
Of course, we used to have like a real good cigar sponsor
is the over the years.
And then of course, so we had problems with that.
Speaking of problems, what are we going to do about that balance
for life thing with no black sack today?
Troy, you're really shooting yourself in a foot, baby.
You're making a bad, bad mistake, Troy.
Because the beast is really doing it.
32 pounds, he's lost.
In less than three months, he's a shadow of his former self.
He started, I believe, at 286.
Now he's 250.
No, he started at 284.
And he's 252, right?
Yeah.
Got my numbers right?
See, I haven't lost contact just because I'm up here.
Those assholes down there.
Oh, he's going to lose contact with what's going on.
In fact, I got a story today that's the epitome of everything
that South Florida's all about.
You know what it's about?
I give up.
It's from the Sun sent alerts about the Akando turns adults only
and then they're trying to kick out the couple just had a baby, the young couple.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Same old garbage.
Same old tired garbage.
Because that's what South Florida's all about.
It's not a place for living and breathing people.
For young people, it's a place for people who are either brain dead,
actually dead, or waiting to die.
Because it's just a stupid place.
That's what it is.
I saw that story I said to myself.
Jesus Christ.
And this really be happening or what?
Same old tired crap over and over again.
The one-hit misses, I think, is going to be good this week.
But we don't want to do that today.
One-hit misses?
Yeah.
One-hit wonders.
The hits and the misses.
I didn't get to that part of this website.
This is a really good website.
It's classicrock.about.com.
And then you click on the hits.
And it's got a list.
There are 39 that I counted on here.
There are classic rock.
One-hit wonders.
T. Rex, Bang-a-Gong.
Oh, yeah.
Zagarin Evans in the year 2525.
There's not...
Well, I won't say there aren't any.
But generally speaking, this list of 39.
Almost every...
I'd say like 35 of my really like a lot.
Looking glass, brandy.
It's like they poured everything they had into the one song.
And then when...
One I can't stand is a Mungo Jerry in the summertime.
I hate that.
Oh, come on.
Oh.
I thought he was a blackbird.
You liked that song?
Mungo Jerry.
I did 100 years ago.
I hope they played it today.
You look.
You mean I hate that.
A piece of turd.
Speaking of turd, log out at WQM.com and start playing the Toyota
baseball trivia challenge.
Weekly prizes include golf or four-it-chulas.
The grand prizes that fit for two to New York over the
day weekend to see the Marlins play the match so log on and start
playing at WQM.com.
You're welcome, Clarence.
No problem.
Anything for Clarence always gets me my checks early.
I sure hope you remember that today was payday.
You know what?
Today's the 10th.
I just mentioned that in passing because he clearly
ain't like our permanent program director like Muff.
He's not going to come running in there and say, oh yeah,
it's already was mailed out.
You should have it by now.
I don't know.
See if it was Muff.
He'd be running in there like the tears in his eyes.
Because he kind of acted stupid once in a while, you know?
11 minutes after 9 at 5.60 WQM.
Here's a simple question.
If somebody offered to give you several thousand dollars over the
next three years, would you accept it?
Yeah.
I'm sure you would because it'd be a little stupid.
Not to do it.
Stupid.
Don't be stupid.
Which makes it really foolish to pass up an opportunity to
refinance or buy a home with just 3.95%.
Here's the deal is a Fannie Mae program out there at 3.95%.
Both for refinancing and for the purchasing of homes.
Think about it just 3.95%.
And all you have to do is call financial group.
It's a toll free call.
1-800-94053-63.
And they'll explain to you just exactly how this works.
That's 1-800-94053-63.
To be more specific, you can get yourself a hundred grand,
with payments of only $475 a month, or get 200 grand with payments of $950 a month.
You'll save yourself a crapload of money, and it will be downright stupid to pass up an
opportunity like that.
So do the math and do the next logical thing.
Get all the details by calling financial group toll free 1-800-94000.
That's 1-800-94053-63.
There were equal housing-letter, credit restrictions do apply, and rates of sub...
We'll be there.
No portion of this program will be reproduced with a...
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
At WKM, Beats the broadcast group incorporated.
You're a fan!
If we say it long hair, people need an out of life.
Why is the most important of all of my cool?
When cheer isn't as hard as mine.
Is it you look like a plaza with a young man at home, too?
Well, now open your jacket and then I'll snack.
And I'll have a day and a half through.
Time, time, way, I'll say a sign.
Buying up the ceiling, you programed in my mind.
You this story, too, that means I'll say a sign.
And the wings in all the sluggers will fire outside.
While I jump the fence around, be in the shadow.
Wait, you really fight?
Oh, you pull up a fence to keep you loved.
Oh, you keep on pushing in.
And I knew a huge audience, how you could face it.
Say, man, you're some kind of asshole.
Time, time, way, I'll say a sign.
Buying up the ceiling, you programed in my mind.
You this story, too, that means I'll say a sign.
Well, can you even break me?
Oh, and now Mrs. Up can't you read?
Can't push will or can't push the brain.
You should talk in high as we.
What means supposed to be queer?
Free, free, low hair.
In the wings, she got the power membership,
Off to ran out of teeth, here.
I know I already have.
I 18 at 560 WQM, I said I want to think about Wayne.
He may not pick the releasedies consistent.
He was an asshole when he came to town and he's still an asshole.
Maybe just a little bit bigger or a lot bigger than he was when he got here.
Now that's not true.
We liked him for about five minutes.
Remember those days?
I remember.
You like patting him on that bald spot and said,
but we like you.
You like Sandy Claus.
Now we turned out that he was like an asshole.
So a sign is by the five man electrical band.
That's another one hit wonder.
Right?
Human beings, nobody but me.
That's a great song.
That's been used for about 8500 commercials too.
In every movie and all over the place.
Yeah.
It's your need of the center of the mind by the Amboid dukes.
Boy, that was out freaking standing, you know what?
Yep.
Never heard from them no more.
Won't see them no more.
Amboid dukes, they're probably like 85-year-old.
In fact, they probably live at cemetery village by now.
What year was that?
That's not on the 30.
I have to look up in the book.
I'm not going to pick up that book.
It's right down here on the floor.
I'm not going to bend down.
Here's our poll question today Eric speaking to people that won't bend down.
How do you rate the job president Bush and his administration are doing?
This is kind of a gap filler before we start the thing with you.
One hit wonders tomorrow.
Okay.
That's because I don't have the book.
Although I do actually have enough here to start.
What do you know?
What do you think about starting it today?
Yeah.
We certainly have enough to start.
You don't want to do the thing on Bush?
You don't want to do a little bush bashing today?
Oh, it's fine.
Are you kidding?
Here were the choices that I was going to give.
Excellent.
Okay.
Fear.
Poor.
Or he's a bozo on the disaster.
Sounds great.
Yeah.
Let's save this for tomorrow because I want to get a little more organized with the one hit wonders.
I want to get the book.
Here's our poll question.
Eric, like I said.
How do you know?
I mean, everybody's talking now about the failures of the FBI and the CIA and that thing with Carl Rove opening up his mouth on Eskbar Magazine.
And all I know wasn't the car was Andrew Card.
I'm sorry.
Warning about Carl Rove taking over the whole place now that Karen Hughes is going off to Texas.
And this guy hasn't got any idea what else is going on.
We're talking about the president.
Oh, it's speaking of Ralph Nader.
You asked those that voted for Ralph Nader.
I got a great Ralph Nader story, too.
Eventually, I'll get to it.
You know something I just have too much stuff today.
We might have to.
And I don't have a schedule either.
I should point out.
We got no schedule.
We got no log.
We got no black sack with the food from Balance for Life.
But I think the whole place is going to hell on a hand casket if you ask me.
They're sure a lot of stupid things going on there.
Man, I thank God I'm not there.
By the way, there's a building wide search for the logs.
Yeah, I would imagine.
You thought we had an inquisition before where there was emails.
Man, we got a gigantic inquisition going on now.
They got the hounds out.
In fact, we probably had to bring over some of the people from power so we could make it in Man, Georgia, have to get involved, too.
And the girl, we can make it an authentic Spanish inquisition.
All right.
Miguel's not here all week, by the way.
Why is that? We're seeing on the location.
Yes. Well, good for him.
We'll be back till Tuesday, the 18th.
What kind of vacation is that?
That sounds like one of those longer extended jobs.
Like I'll take care of this vacation.
He must be catching on.
Nice going, Air McGill.
Here's that poll again.
One more time, just in case Eric was busy with the Egg McMuffin.
Oh, I found another McDonald's yesterday.
Not that I ate there, but oh God, disgusting.
They're everywhere.
I mean, like, you know, if you're cleaning out like a cabinet somewhere at home, you might find a golden arch in there somewhere when you at least expected.
They're all over the goddamn place.
You try the new grilled chicken flatbread sandwich?
No, I did not.
Now, why are you talking about food just because your sack is there and already Georgia is trying to sabotage your weight loss?
Here's a guy that's done so well.
We're trying to save his life.
Was just a big blob of turd.
Now, he's a somewhat less, well, he's lost 32 pounds and doing great.
And just because the black sacks didn't show up before the show this morning, George starts talking about, wow, I wasn't even hungry, but all this food talk.
What do you guys start?
What are you talking about me sabotaging it?
You guys were the ones bringing it up.
I never talked about food this morning.
These suggested Wayne Arnold's and pizza loft.
Yeah.
And we're not, you're not going to need the one alive.
I'm telling you right now, you're not going to need the one of them.
No, he actually suggested that we get something healthy in here.
And so I'm going to work on that.
Like balance for life.
I think that if we...
That would be good.
I think if we rip him an ass enough, certainly Troy's got to be listening right now.
And even with his bad haircut, hey, Troy, there's no black sacks at QAM.
You asshole, you idiot.
You psychotic idiot.
How do these people supposed to stay on a straight-nero?
Thank God there's spots now.
Oh, look at that.
It's coming up shortly.
9.40.
I don't think that the sacks are going to show up by 9.40.
How about some fried chicken?
Fried chicken.
Are you crazy?
Are you nuts?
How do you rate the job?
Oh, and how come I'm asking this so pull now when I heard that voice?
How do you rate the job president and push this administration are doing?
Excellent.
OK.
Fair.
Poor.
Or he's a bozo and a disaster.
That's all one by the way that last.
We don't want to have two separate categories.
Excellent.
OK.
Fair.
Poor.
Or he's a bozo and a disaster.
I'm thinking real hard about my vote.
So already it's not even 9.30 yet and you learned that Bob Carlisle, the one who's saying the original butterfly kisses.
They didn't sang it.
He talked to that guy.
And I forgot that already.
Well, I'm mentioning that again for you.
Bob Carlisle.
One hit wonder.
And that wasn't one that's on this list by the way it's one I discovered myself in the book.
I was just coming through it in the book too.
I could do that right now.
Only well, let me get to some of the stuff I got, please.
God, I got a story here by Mark S. Rose from a new book.
This is from the New York Post excerpt from his new book, Michael Rose.
Goodbye, good men.
About the priesthood.
Man, it is just enough to make you flip your thing.
That's a gay club you wore.
I haven't told you for a long time, but it really spells it off for you in grizzly terms.
Speaking of grizzly stories, girl refused bathroom pass.
Mesa, you teach you.
Do you see this story?
No, but good job.
Sue away.
This is in the hero no less.
Oh, here's the schedule.
Let's hear it.
All right, let's see if we can get mold this morning.
He's done.
I mean, his show is done for this morning.
Joe Rose for C, it's a good thing we got this schedule.
I wouldn't know that.
The mad dog's off today.
Boy, you would think it was like summertime or something the way everybody's like screwing off.
And I'm sitting here.
I didn't even realize.
And I got a big smile on my face who went on the white's already the 10th of June.
Rhymes with spoon.
And come like July 2nd.
That's my last day before my two months summer like two day a week thing starts.
Yeah.
Plus there's a whole there's like a week off before that start July 9th because the 4th which
would be my first show from Amsterdam is July 4th.
It's a holiday.
Am I working on a holiday?
No.
No way Jose.
So that sounds very promising to me.
Speaking of vacations, little dog Joe Rose this afternoon for a mad dog who'll be back tomorrow.
We got Hank and Chula's a 3 this afternoon.
Josh Friedman proving that not everything is nothing is perfect.
Totally on, but just for half an hour, 7 to 7 30.
Marlins on decades, 7 30 805.
The Marlins at the Royal's Kansas City was but there's a great rivalry isn't it?
No.
Oh brother, this interleague play.
Some of it's okay and some of it really blows.
Ed Kaplan right after baseball and then Joe and Mark the duty boys overnight to talk about
Amber Lynn and a lot of other crap like well let me get to this story.
I don't have time.
Let me do the break.
But let me forget girl refused bathroom pass.
May soon teacher.
This is a Ponce daily on middle school.
And guess what you did.
And guess what she was forced to do right in class.
That's a little clue for you.
Okay.
All right.
Is that enough to make you want to scream?
I've been close.
It's enough to make me want to sue the goddamn school.
That's how pissed off and fired up.
I am about that.
Kind of teach your ears that anyway.
What kind of a freaking school is that down there?
Does anybody speak English at that school?
No.
Probably not.
It's where my mom went to middle school.
You know something?
I don't know if it's because you're working at Morning Show now,
but you're starting to sound like Robert now.
Is that what that was cruel?
You know something?
If I told you once, I'm told you.
Yeah.
Times that he started to sound a little bit like Robert.
He is.
So what are you getting for lunch?
Fried chicken.
No you're not.
You better not be getting it on the fried chicken.
Look, if anything we'll get a nice salad.
Maybe a chicken salad, chicken Caesar or something.
No dressing of course.
Yeah.
How about to know what you need?
You need to use that sounds good.
I want to see that goddamn Troy walk in that door.
In the next five minutes with your black sacks is what I want to see,
because they screwed up big time.
And there's one place of all the delivery spots he's got
that he shouldn't be screwing up at 0QAM,
because let's face it.
Let's face it when your carpets get crappy.
You can do a lot of different things.
You can help out the yellow pages and play Russian roulette
with your valuable carpeting.
Not a good idea.
In fact, it's kind of stupid to do that.
Or you can pick up the phone and call our good friends
to drive concepts.
That's the smart thing.
That's what I've been doing for over 20 years now.
Every time I finally get fed up when a carpets look and smell bad enough
and you finally say, uh oh, can't handle this anymore.
And of course, not only they look and smell bad,
but also the dirt and the germs and the dust
that cause your allergies to really swell up and get out of control,
they're all buried down there in the fibers of your carpet.
So if you want your carpets looking and smelling just like brand new,
do like I said, the smart thing called ride concepts,
because they dry clean your carpets.
That's why it's called ride concepts.
It's the same concept they used to dry clean your clothing.
And your carpets dry in just a couple of hours.
They smell a lot of fresh.
And because they get out the deep down dirt,
way down dirt, the fibers of your carpets,
your carpets stay cleaner longer.
They last longer and they are just phenomenally.
They look just like brand new.
And of course, don't be fooled by those 599 specials
that leave your carpets soaked for two days.
And wind up ripping you off at the end of the job
by tacking on all kinds of electric charges,
because dry concepts give a written guaranteed fee
right before they start the job.
No bad surprises at the end.
It's just a beautiful brand new looking carpet.
And they also do a stupendous job of cleaning your foot
or furniture and drapery too, like I just said.
So, feature yourself in your carpets to a spring cleaning
two day in Broward, call dry concepts at 9.5.4.3.707778
and date in Palm Beach, column toll free 1-800-2485071.
1-800-2485071, clean today.
And...
St.
St.
St. Bernard.
The man taught me days in one on sports radio 5.60.
You a.m.
But I don't care, go back to Canada, you cute bastard.
Put on my final ones and I'm headed for the street.
Just check out the best of hustler and I'm starting to feel the heat.
Suddenly I see people
and check it out my buttons I see.
Yeah, I got a first class riser.
It don't pitch to 10-my-g.
And I'm sporting a Woody.
I'm finding it impossible to conceal.
I'm sporting a Woody.
I feel like an absolute out of wheel.
And so the ghost could always
He was sporting one too
Followed him up to the gate, it's a basement
Just to see what he would do.
This ghost in the face would be there
As he headed for his room, Jesus Christ.
There's a pretty little ghost
She's waiting for his post
Got him a jungle room
Where's sporting one?
Is it Memphis?
It's really impossible to conceal.
I'm sporting one, isn't Memphis?
I feel like an absolute out of wheel.
I'm sporting one, isn't Memphis?
It's almost impossible to conceal.
It's going to be a Woody, isn't Memphis?
I feel like an absolute out of wheel.
Okay, I'm sure you know who did the original event, don't you?
Walking in Memphis?
Oh, I knew the guy's name, but I hated that song so I forgot it.
May 25, 1991.
That's the way we could hit the chart where you got up to number 13's matter of fact.
I'll give you a little bio, and then of course you'll absolutely still not know who to help.
It was bright.
Born 59 in Cleveland, pop-op rock singer, a writer, pianist.
Said he had a great penis.
One in 1991, Best New Artist Grammy Award, which goes to show how much they knew, nothing.
Mark Cohn.
Oh yeah.
COHN.
That was a medley of his smash, walking in Memphis, and that was it.
That was the end of him.
Don't see him no more.
Maybe he's hanging out with Elvis.
He's either hanging out with Elvis or maybe with Jesus Christ.
One of the other.
But one here no Mark Cohn, no more.
Do you want to know another one?
Okay.
This could be a lot of fun.
We could write a song all the way to the third of July.
I love it.
What is well, it feels like a holiday here in the building.
Yeah, well, what's going on there?
First of all, you come in much later than usual this morning, which is really nobody's business,
but I found that to be a little bit disturbing.
Yeah, I got hung up.
He got hung up.
And probably made a deal around the corner with one of his Jamaican friends.
And then then he tells me that there's nobody there, and there's no log, and there's no black sacks,
and there's no cars in a parking lot.
And what else?
It seems that some of the stuff may have been removed from talents and mailboxes in the
control room.
Some of the stuff may have been removed from talents mailboxes, and it was right next to the
logs.
Uh oh.
So in other words, there were people in there like Thieving and Stealing over the weekend.
Maybe though.
It's not certain.
We're not sure what the thing is.
Well, that's the preliminary evaluation of our inquisition, okay?
That's a strong word though, Thieving.
I like pilfering better.
There were a lot of people pilfering over the weekend, and they're in the Yankees stuff.
There was a lot of Yankees going on.
Well, who the hell would do that?
I don't know.
No, seriously, how can they get in in...
Oh, I got an idea, because as all these other people have those shows on the weekend,
you know, and they have all their little boyfriends and girlfriends in the...
in-betweens come in and hang out.
Uh huh.
Yeah, but why would those people be sealing logs and things like that?
Or maybe Mandage's kids were in there this weekend.
That could be it.
They're a little old for that now, I would think.
No, I don't think they're ever going to outgrow that.
Less crane.
Desiderada.
Remember that?
No.
1971.
Less crane.
It was like a talking thing.
Don't you remember that?
Nope.
Originally a labor...
No, I don't have it.
Originally a piece of prose.
Desiderada.
It's a thing where he talks, uh, I don't know.
Anyway, he was a...
Less crane was a TV show host, he was a ABC's nightlife, not nightline in 1964.
Do you remember that?
No.
Desiderada?
I would have heard it maybe.
How about Tom Cochran in life is a highway?
Okay.
I remember that.
Not a bad song.
How about 1985?
Cochraven when your heart is weak.
So who killed that?
Cochraven.
I don't know, but I must have been right after the era they recorded that song.
Pop group from Los Angeles, Cochraven.
Oh, there are so many.
There are so many.
I could...
We could kill months.
Norman Conner's, you are my starship, 1976.
I remember that.
Chris Conner, I remember that.
Wait before your time.
I miss you so.
How about your vocal brand members that?
What year?
1957 on Atlantic Records.
Chris Conner, I miss you so.
Ray Conniff.
Somewhere in my love.
1966.
That was from my doctor's jebago.
Remember some of my love?
That was the first.
I actually had the doctor's jebago sound effect for a minute.
I don't know.
I...
We could just kill the whole rest of the show, sir.
The Dan Lears in one summer night, 1958.
One summer night.
That was before your time.
Great song.
I still remember it.
Do you?
Well, I mean, in replays, obviously.
How about David and David?
Welcome to Boomtown.
Nope.
Welcome to the Boomtown?
That was 87.
You should know that.
It wasn't that big.
Bobby Day Rockin' Robin.
We had the Cockrobin.
How about Rockin' Robin?
Remember that?
Sure.
Corny, but still...
Ray Corny?
Okay, so I'm gonna work on that.
That's gonna be a mammoth project.
I'll tell you that right now.
A gigantic project.
Almost as big as the Inquisition that's going on a QM right now.
About who still the logs and who did all with everybody's meal.
And maybe even some of the emails.
An attorney for Pounce Daily on Middle School of Students filed notice
to seal the girl's math teacher and the date County Public School System
because the girl says her teacher refused to let her use the bathroom
and forced her to have a bowel movement in class.
This is one of the worst stories.
The suit seeks unspecified damages for humiliation that seventh grader
Sophia Goudierre said she suffered.
Corny gave us a turn age Jason Sektan said.
Sophia 14 says she had a stomach ache, April 24th.
But her teacher Edwin Victor Lewis did not give her a bathroom pass.
Sophia says she asked several times until Victor Lewis was in emergency.
Sophia also says Victor Lewis humiliated her in front of the class by saying.
If you can't hold it you should be wearing pamper's.
Can you imagine if your daughter had a similar situation in class and the teacher said.
If you can't hold it you should be wearing pamper's.
I don't want to imagine that.
Yeah.
I guarantee you'd be right down there with a piece.
Yeah.
So he his mother Judith Goudierre was furious when she heard her daughter's story.
She says she wanted Victor Lewis to make a personal apology to Sophia in front of the class.
But that never happened the family says.
Goudierre's went to the school and talked to one of the vice principals demanding the school apologize as well.
Her request wasn't taken seriously she said.
I was totally upset by this Goudierre said she should be by the way.
My daughter's never had a conduct problem.
The teacher had no reason not to believe her.
If she said she needed to use the bathroom for an emergency.
Officials with the United Teachers of Dates say that Victor Lewis A union member will be defended by school district attorneys even if she's also named individually in the suit.
Who she huh.
I don't understand that.
This is in the world by the way.
So if you're trying to follow that I don't get Victor Lewis did not return phone calls.
He can comment like Greg Reed.
Sophia who had a B average for academics and A's and B's in conduct under last report type.
Said she'd been uncomfortable with the school since the incident in this more than 12 days.
School officials say that Victor Lewis has been teaching for more than two years as a complaint free record.
Ponce principal manual Garcia says teachers at Ponce can give bathroom classes during class at their own discretion and free emergencies.
He added that some teachers are more strict with passes because some students use them as excuse to get out of class.
If the parents prevail a can forth the district to become more responsive to parents said Bernard Pearl not a director they children in the U.L.O. clinic of U.L.A.
School a student soon their teacher is not unprecedented.
I've never heard of a case like this in date but where the fourth largest school district so I wouldn't be surprised if it happened before.
All she had to do was take like a like a crap.
That's all.
Nature's calling.
Maybe it happens to the best of us.
Schmidt happens man and he said you know if you can't hold it you ought to be wearing pamper's.
Like to go down or just slap the crap out of him you know that hyphenated piece of third.
Twenty till.
So let me ask you since it's time for a 20 till 10 a.m. time for the balance for life spot to the black sack show up.
Yeah we got a fact from Troy who's very upset and he wants us to call him so that he can get to the bottom of it.
He knows something he ought to be upset he's going to be allowed to represent what I rip on ass.
Did they show up at my house Friday night to leave me to stuff when I was down there for five days.
Did they show up leave me to weekend food? No. No.
I could add Saturday and Sunday I could have lost actually a couple of pounds.
Didn't show up.
We love balance for life and a beast is doing great on it. The food is delicious.
In fact the stuff they brought me for Monday through Wednesday was great.
Didn't I rave about that great that fantastic egg for young with you.
So Tommy whatever was in it that was unbelievable that did you get that to it was grace.
I was standing in fact I wish I had that right now and also the wraps I'm going to tell you the wraps are phenomenal.
There was like a turkey pastrami wrap or something like that.
It was sensational. The um the omelettes in the morning are great.
All kinds of good stuff they provide all the food at balance for life.
They bring you three home only balance gourmet meals two delicious snacks even a 60 ounce bottle of water.
So you have plenty of food to keep you going all through the day.
It's in that little black sack. You don't have to worry about shopping or making any choices or counting calories or carbs or doing anything.
Because all you do is hopefully the little black sack is right there.
What you do at home at your work by six o'clock in the morning. Believe me they will never ever screw up again.
At least not with us a Q.A.M. or or you know what we could do.
We just call them stupid right on the air. That's what we do.
Of course we already know the choice.
Anyway if you want to be smart call balance for life and start losing weight like crazy like the beast is doing.
Here's a man who right before your ears is saving his life.
32 pounds off. He's like a public can almost breathe a little bit right now.
A little bit.
Even in spite of the hurricane loss over the weekend. Well too bad about that they suck.
Okay. So get with the real control and proven weight loss and eat healthy lifestyle.
And don't forget to even let you choose between 12 tennis regimen.
You'll eat that you're on a program.
So with great news if the black sack shows up.
Get in shape for summer starting right now call balance for life 954.
5683229.
That's 954 5683229 or check out their website at balanceforlife.com.
And say a little prayer.
Can't.
Arlen's traveled to Kansas City to battle with a royal.
Discovery stars at 730 on sports radio 560 Q.A.M.
Neil God.
Are you ready for the blues?
This weekend your PBS station presents the famed Kansas City Blues harmonisist.
Knows hair Johnson in.
Get ready for the blues.
Let me tell you.
You don't want to wait if you're ready for the blue y'all.
What you guys are doing. You guys are doing the body of C1.
They be here by a bus full of fat folks.
They're catching one with your best friend.
They know what the blues are about.
It's not easy to get ready for the blues.
That's why Knows hair Johnson and others take three hours talking about it
without ever actually playing any music.
And then you guys will get thrown out your mama fuel.
Find out you got a bullet in sensation in your mojo.
Run out of spray paint.
It's got a huff and whore color man.
Then you know you ready for the blues.
Get ready for the blues.
This weekend on your PBS station.
Make possible by a grant from the chub group.
If you had the kind of money they do, you'd have a chub too.
9.43 look off and then blue baby.
I think that's there's a good point in there.
Anyway here's the fact that says I tuned in to WQM for the first time in a long time this morning
and I said to myself, joy Reynolds is back.
Come to find out later it's Howard David.
They both sound the same.
I don't think Howard used to sound like that but then...
We'll chable and rate me.
And it had an effect on his voice.
I don't think he sounds anything like Joey Reynolds.
Do you?
No, not at all.
No.
Thank God for that.
Thanks God for a small favor, small.
I just talked to Troy from Balance for Life.
And what did he say was he apologetic?
He, well he's very out of breath.
He's very upset because...
And he well should be because I'm going to carve him an ass who knows that.
According to his manifest, everything was delivered on time.
He's talking to the driver right now.
Make sure and check up.
But everything was delivered according to his record.
Well now wait a minute.
Just a second here.
Let's get involved in the inquisition a little bit right on air here.
Is it possible that the food was delivered and somebody dick with that also?
It could very well be knowing this place.
Since we have all these things that have vanished, the logs are disappearing
and people's mail be disappearing.
And maybe the little black sacks be disappearing.
Not that anybody even knew what the hell was inside.
Just out of spite.
Maybe we got some Ojón provocador in that place going on now, huh?
Maybe, but Troy is, he's very upset he's trying to get to the bottom of it.
Or maybe he's a delivery guy just wrote down a bunch of stuff like he delivered to him and he didn't do it.
Maybe that's it.
Maybe he ate it.
Or maybe he ate it.
Or maybe he gave Troy the benefit of the doubt.
No.
Okay.
Absolutely not.
You kidding me?
He's been crazy.
Did you ever see that haircut?
No.
God almighty.
Anyway, here's a fact from Ron.
Who says he's the Camero SS guy? Do we know what that means?
No.
I don't know what that means, Ron.
But thanks for he's got a good list for it.
In fact, anybody that's got one hit wonder stuff, he can start faxing that in today at 305, 650, 0198.
Even though we're doing a different pool today, we'll start that tomorrow.
Once I get the book and then not only that, I'll give me some time to do some homework on there and go through.
Because you'll notice just in a couple of pages and going through my top 40 book.
Look at all the good stuff I found in there. Look at all the crap.
44 votes on our pool.
How do you write the job that President Bush and his administration be doing?
He's a Bozoa disaster, 21.
Excellent, 12.
Okay, seven.
Okay.
Fair three and poor one.
So here's the list from Ron.
A little bit of soul by the music explosion.
See, I'm going to have to verify those and find, you know, by looking up in the book, making sure that was the only hit.
But I'm sure in that case, Tracy by the cufflinks.
Yeah, remember that, don't you?
No.
Tracy, that, and that wasn't it.
Oh, yeah, that wasn't it. That was something.
Now that's not how that came.
That was something.
Something don't be here. I was. What was that called?
Billy, don't.
Billy, don't be here.
But it sounded kind of like that.
If I had it here, you'd recognize it.
Winchester, a cathedral, and Ron didn't know it was by the new vaudeville band.
He has a question mark.
Shame on you, Ron.
No wonder you drive a Camaro and not a Corvette.
Bonnie and Clyde by Georgie Fame.
Excellent. He reading himself there real quick.
Get together by the ungluds.
Very good. That was a big hit.
Suspicion by Terry Stafford.
And Elvis Sounder like. That was a good song.
Suspicion.
A little green bag by the George Baker selection.
I got one of those.
And double shot of my babies loved by the swing of medallions.
Boy, this is excellent. I love that. I love the music shows.
Because it kills a lot of good time.
Speaking of killing good time.
This guy, Dan Ralph Nader.
And I'm going to say it again.
You assholes out there devoted for Ralph Nader.
And help make a boy's president beside the fact they stole Florida.
You people frothed my ass to show you what a total asshole Ralph Nader is.
I read this story a couple days ago.
It was right after game six of the Western conference NBA.
Did you see this beast?
He left the room.
What do you mean he left the room?
Oh, no.
He had a...
Gee, if you can't hold it, you ought to wear a pamper's side to work.
Okay?
He didn't tell me why he was leaving.
He just left.
He left very suddenly.
He started acting a little bit stupid.
Better watch it.
Better watch it because he's producing the show.
And if he looks at MoCrosside one time, it'll be the end for him.
He'll be finito.
Ralph Nader. This is in New York Post today.
Editorial by the Post's Matter Fact.
Ralph Nader.
Has a new cause, cleaning up, officiating in the National Basketball Association.
Huh?
Yeah, appalled by the number of fouls called against the Sacramento Kings in Game 6 of the Western
Conference Championship Series with the LA Lakers, Nader's demanding an official review.
Nader believes that the public's confidence shaken because of corporate misbehavior demands greater impartiality and professionalism in sports.
That sense was severely broken during Game 6 he complains in a letter to NBA Commissioner David Stern.
Actually, the Kings received more fouls in Game 7, but couldn't hit their free throws, grounds for another investigation.
It's quite clear what's going on here.
Nader almost single-handedly made the trial or is what they are today.
His dubious probes of the auto industry in the 60s and 70s and his hordes of public interest research groups helped ignite the litigation explosion in our Hobbles legitimate business.
Does he need to make pro sports next?
Last year, one baseball fan sued another one over one of Barry Vaughan's record-breaking home run balls.
Will Nader now help spool lawsuits over calls from Murphy Reason Umpires?
Whether it's the assembly line or the basketball court doesn't matter, Raff Nader is unsafe in any arena.
What a great short but right to the point, editorial in the right wing New York Post today, I love it.
A lot of you clowns out there, it's not a lot, but some of you bozos out there voted for Raff Nader.
Remember some of those old grizzled farts calling in after the election and trying to defend the indefensible about how come why they voted for him and so on?
If I live to be a thousand, shame on you people shame on you.
Who did that song shame on you?
Give me a moment.
Now you're looking up in the guy that I have no book, Beastle Verify.
He is not as you do, you got a book there, but I have it nowhere near me.
Well I have my book in my hand right now.
Shame on me, there is no such song as shame on you.
There is no such song as shame on you.
No, I'm thinking of it.
I mean, you think of it, but that's because I just planted the seed in your brain.
No, no song at least.
No song or soul or something like that.
I hear it in my head.
Shame, shame, you know something I think you're right.
There is shame.
Shame on you if you can't dance to, I'm thinking of it.
It's some shame by everyone's champagne king.
Maybe that's it.
And then Zane also recorded shame, but it wasn't called shame on you.
Well whatever.
See once we start getting the music, it's just enough to drive you up the wall, go ahead and nuts.
You can lose it.
Let's see, making predators, I better not start doing this one right now because it's too long, but it, believe me.
Believe me, it will capture your attention.
Oh here's some good news.
My home-old level since everybody's concerned about my, my cholesterol was only 207, which isn't that bad.
Not, should be under 200, but 207 for a fatal slot like me and all that bad, especially you all that nestle is churd, which I did again this weekend.
Oh sorry about that, I couldn't resist.
I'm in my supermarket and I'm looking at it and now why did I stop and look in the ice cream?
Why?
Why did I do that?
Because I went to my dominion store and I walked, I marched right past the ice cream cooler, I flew by there.
All the way to the corner of the eye, I did see the half gallons of nestle is churd, I thought, oh no, that'll, that'll be the end for you.
I flew by.
But then in my other supermarket, I walked in here and I, I'm looking at the ice cream thing and it was like, uh, nestle is flavor, but not turtle and I thought, okay, I'm safe.
But I looked on the labels, you know how in the front of you looking the real small print, they label what, where everything is supposed to be.
Right. And it said nestle is churd, well, some other kind of flavor.
So I moved the first one out of the way and low and behold, guess what was right behind it?
That's these turtle, goddamn it.
A liter.
I said, take me to your liter.
And of course you're going to say, well, you didn't bring in home, you eat the whole thing all at once.
Of course you did.
Try it.
That sets like a little more than a cord.
A cord of ice cream, is that disgusting or what?
Sounds good to me.
It was good.
It was outstanding.
You loved it.
But my home level, since I'm taking my folic acid with bees, that the sundown product, which I give you the wrong name on that.
I have to go look at a bottle.
Now normal is 4.3 to 15.3, but you really want it under 10.
And in spite of a lot of the cardiologists out there who are most of my real assholes like my former doctor, like Dr. Dick, who are obsessed with cholesterol levels,
in spite of that, just like Dr. McColley, Kilmer, McColley Culkin, or whatever his name is, says,
Homo cysteine is the real marker for heart disease, baby, for heart attack.
And my home level was 7.4.
I think that's the second best I've ever had.
How do you like that, huh?
Awesome.
Not because I'm doing anything all I write, but because I'm loading up out at folic acid every day.
I pop those things like crazy.
See, I'll tell you, there are two or three things.
The Omega fish rolls, I don't want to get on this nutrition crap because their audience likes to eat.
But the Omega 3, 6, and 9 fish rolls, the coq 10 and the folic acid, those three things when you can actually see a difference in the way you feel and also your body chemistry based on supplements,
then you really can poo poo these asshole doctors and other jerks who don't know what they're talking about, who say,
oh yeah, that stuff, all that does is give you a healthy toilet pool.
It doesn't do anything because you pee it right out.
Wrong.
You're wrong, doctor.
By the way, I got to from now to the middle of October to find a doctor down there, I think there's a chance.
There's a chance.
See, the good thing is I don't really need to do that much anymore, not that I got my friend Ed in that lab there or a collaboratorist.
Thanks again, Ed, you're the best, baby.
9.56 and 5.60 WQAM.
If you're tired of hassles with your cellular phone service, if you're tired of that $50 a month tan that you thought you bought which winds up really costing you hundreds of dollars a month,
then get on the team with Team Celtic at Celtic Communications.
You're authorized next tell representative.
For over 25 years Celtic has been providing South Florida with the best service, they take away the hassle from dealing with the cellular company, not to mention the expense too.
And right now, Next tell shared rewards plan, nausea share 4,000 monthly minutes with free and incoming calls for only $54.99.
Celtic's got a great selection of other plans no matter what your budget, with most including free incoming calls, nationwide long distance, collar ID, voicemail and,
Next tell unique direct connect to a radio feature.
So whether it's one phone or a thousand or a Brazilian phone, take it from me in a very own, starting quarterback Jay Fiedler, who's all over the place.
He's got his finger in every slot you can find.
Celtic Communications, you're authorized Next tell representative is the only smart way to go.
Call 1-800-SELT-2 today and get yourself connected.
That's 1-800-C-E-L-T-E-C and the number 2.
Celtic Communications.
C-8-1 wishes for all your gift giving needs.
The Neil Roger show on 560-Zillion Q-A-F, Miami for learning.
I wouldn't believe a word Neil said if that tongue was no-verized.
I sound kind of like Gene Hackman, but I'm not.
And the name of our company kind of sounds like Lowe's, but it's not.
It's Blows, the Lousey Home Improvement Store.
Whether you're looking for a cheap nail gun that hits the mark about 80% of the time or so.
Or, advice from a num-scull who doesn't know what the hell he's talking about.
I can't just grab the saw, okay now, sweep the trigger, go ahead, go ahead.
Everything you get for Blows, Blows.
Who can I help next?
Yes.
Remember, I'm not Gene Hackman, and we're not Lowe's.
We're Blows.
Blows.
Proving we don't know home improvement.
10-0-2-560-WQM.
Now, our audience blows.
Look at these effects that you just facts to me.
Do you think they're having a little difficulty understanding what I'm talking about?
I'm talking about one-hit wonders.
Facts me your suggestion for one-hit wonders.
And we had a couple of good factors, and out here's one that says,
How about F-True, Brat Patrol, Father's Knows Best, and leaving to a beaver?
And here's another one that says the Untouchables.
Maybe I fact the wrong side.
Right.
By the way, an update on the Inquisition?
Yes, they're now going to the video tapes from all the video cameras.
Good, excellent.
There's been some real dittling around it, and you know what it strikes me?
Probably a disgruntled X-employee.
Isn't that what usually happens?
A lot typical.
Somebody that still has access to the building.
That's the problem.
Because no stranger, no outsider, would come in there and dittle with the logs.
They wouldn't even know what a program log looks like.
They'd see if they wouldn't even know what it was.
Am I right?
No, or the value of it.
I think it's all on the black market.
Yeah.
Well, you mean an EDR?
Maybe that's what they did with the black sacks.
Yeah, maybe they took everything that was black.
I don't know, but it looks to me.
Now, see, this is a question of who do you believe?
Do we believe Troy that his delivery guy showed up?
Because they didn't show up at my house over the weekend Friday night.
He didn't show up for that.
He didn't tell him you were going to be back Friday.
Now, that's a lie because George knows better.
They fact me sample menus to fill out.
And I told the George.
I said, tell them bring them what I like, bring whatever they want.
I don't need to fill these up.
Remember that?
I remember it.
Yeah.
Troy was here.
So don't give me a song and a dance about it.
They didn't know that I was going to be there.
They knew I was going to be there.
And they screwed up.
They f'd up.
Okay, they f'd up.
F-troop, f-up.
Speaking of f and up, 89 votes in our poll so far.
How do you rate the job that the president and his administration is gang if Nazis are doing so?
I mean, his administration are doing so far.
He's a Bozo and his disaster 40.
Excellent 21.
Okay, 17.
Okay.
Fair 7.
And poor 4.
New York Post making predators.
How did the Catholic Church wind up with so many predator priests?
Some shocking answers can be found in goodby good men.
Michael S. Rose's new book on malfeasance in the Church's seminaries in America and in Europe.
To preserve confidentiality, some names are pseudonyms.
The issue was never one of my subele suitability for ordination.
The rather was the gate clicked there by giving veto power over who God ordained says Joseph Kalleni, former seminarian at Montalai and seminarian Chicago.
This is to put it mildly.
That's a gate club you moron.
How can any healthy heterosexual seminarian expect to be properly formed and prepared for the Catholic priesthood when he is constantly subjected to that which is so clearly contrary to church teaching and discipline?
How many heterosexual seminarians orthodox or not have decided to leave the seminarian abandoned their vocations because of the gay subculture they were forced to endure because they've been harassed or even molested?
We're not talking here about the presence of a few homosexual-oriented men who conduct themselves with perfect chastity.
Rather, they exist in intense and off-the-offent threatening atmosphere.
According to former seminarians and recently ordained priest this gay subculture is so prominent at certain seminaries that these institutions have earned nicknames such as Noter Flame for Noter-day Seminary in New Orleans and Theological Closet for Theological College at the Catholic University of American Washington, D.C.
St. Mary Seminary in Baltimore has earned the nickname the Pink Palace.
The Pink Palace.
Yeah, I'm with you.
Father Andrew Walder ordained for the D.C.'s of Bridgeport, Connecticut in 2000, spent several semesters at the Baltimore School as a seminarian for the D.C.'s in Patterson, New Jersey.
The problem was so bad he explained that some of the students in faculty used to get dressed up in leather to go to the block.
Baltimore's equivalent of 42nd Street Manhattan.
Seminary and sometimes accompanied by faculty members would do this regularly while to explain they would meet in the foyer and then head for the gay bars.
The situation is not new and the claim is not uncommon in March of 2000.
Father Andrew Greeley, a well-known liberal pre-sociologist from Chicago, testified that seminary professors tell their students that they're gay and take some of them to gay bars and gay students leap with each other.
Walder said he tried to explain to his bishop, Frank Rodimer, what the atmosphere of the school was, with such an open acceptance and sometimes encouragement of the gay subculture.
My constant theme to the bishop was that this is not just about homosexuality, this is about an agenda in a celibate seminary, it's something directly in conflict with the teaching of the church, these people are promoting this conflict.
Father John Fregilio of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, diocese, remembers visiting St. Mary's in Baltimore when he was a seminary in in Pennsylvania.
There was no discretion at all he said of the gay subculture there.
The few times that was there some of the seminarians would literally dress like gays from the village.
They would even go so far as to wear pink silk it was like going to see La Cajafol.
In my day at St. Mary's said Father John, despite now a religious order priest from the southeast, down the hall there would be two guys together in the shower and everybody knew it.
Seminarians who accept the church's teaching on sexual morality have not only been dismissed from seminary as troublemakers, they've also been threatened by classmates and faculty, especially in religious houses, that if they did not submit to homosexuality to espousing defend homosexual acts, if not take part of them, their priestly careers would be in jeopardy.
In the mid-30s James Stesaker attended a Midwestern seminary, in his mid-30s, from the time he first arrived there he found that his Orthodox views of the church were not wanted.
He was even accused many times of leading the younger seminarians away from what the formation staff was trying to win still in them, what they were trying to stick in them.
During the second year of a seminary studies it was visited late one night by three of these younger seminarians who looked up to Thessigrism of an older brother and role model, taken off guard Thessager was frightened by what they had to relate.
They began to describe how the college director had been forcing them into sexual situations and how they'd begun to wish they were dead he recalled.
Having a background in social work Thessager took to side of the seminarians and spoke to them as any counselor would, about the empowerment of rape victims.
My main instruction them was that they had a right to say no. He also advised that none of them informed the director that they had spoken him about the sexual abuse because it would mean vocational death to them all.
Eventually however one of the young seminarians left the information slip. From that time on my life became a living hell of the seminary he recalled, Thessager soon asked his diocese if he could transfer to another seminary.
At first they seemed happy enough to accommodate however when Thessager received his final evaluation it was terrible. I'd always received glowing evaluations in my prior reports he explained.
Thessager figured that since the college director knew of his knowledge of sexual abuse of several seminarians he had decided to sabotage Thessager's vocation.
The vocational death he had predicted some months before came to pass at least for him.
Charles Enderby a former businessman from Ohio was in his thirties when he began his Novice... what is it? Novice... what is that?
New guy?
Some Catholic thing. For an East Coast religious order in the early 1990s he was immediately struck by the outwardly homosexual mannerisms of some of the other novices.
One of them Joseph Mercado had worked as a massage artist before entering religious life actually brought his massage table to the Novice interview he recalled.
While Mercado was only mildly open about his homosexuality, Franz Asher was militant. Enderby described Asher as a little man in his early forties when a highly inflected voice.
He had a sense of humor said Enderby but consistently mocked church teaching on celibacy and particularly liked to mock Mother Angelica. One day he even said he wanted to make sun dresses out of the altar lemons.
According to Enderby Asher began almost at once to a harass Jeffrey Raymond who Menderby regarded as the only novice other than himself who was definitely not part of the dominant gay subculture.
Feeling threatened Raymond confided in Enderby he told him that Asher first was trying to convince him that he Raymond was a latent homosexual who just needed to accept being gay.
With Enderby's assistance Raymond who was in his early twenties brought a complaint of sexual harassment to their novice master Father Sixtus.
Huh?
I wonder if he knows biggest dickess.
Although we active concern and sympathetic said Enderby the novice master took no action. Asher's harassing behavior continued and a second complaint was made to Father Sixtus this time the novice master appeared less sympathetic.
He literally threw up his arms and asked us related to Enderby what he was supposed to do with the vocations office kept sending in gays.
When Raymond and I complained the third time said Enderby Father Sixtus threatened to kick us out. He was very angry with us and we realized that our novice master would do nothing to solve the problem of homosexual harassment.
A few months later on a cold night in March of 1994 and to be recounted Raymond and Asher were watching TV in a community room and each had been drinking wine.
After Raymond retired to bed that night Asher ended Raymond's room uninvited the doors had no locks and sexily molested him.
The next morning Raymond angry and dejected to Enderby what had happened and then informed him he was leaving religious life after a few brief words with Father Sixtus Raymond bought train tickets and left never to return.
Although Asher later attacked and raped another novice said Enderby he emerged again with impunity not only was he not asked to leave he was promoted to the position of dean of novices a position that hadn't even existed before that said Enderby.
The other words he knew his positions.
The Orthodox seminary is presented with another predicament in this regard if there's anything deviant or immoral going on with the seminary and he brings it to the attention of his superior he's likely risking expulsion.
Many members of seminary faculties don't appreciate those who go to the superiors with complaints especially about sexual foibles.
Reflecting on his experience at Mount Angel Seminary in Oregon Father John Lewandowski remarked many of my fellow students reminded me of the three monkeys, one with his hands over his eyes, one with hands over his ears and the other with hands over his mouth.
The maximum scene of evil here no we will speak to evil seems to be a standard survival tactic in the seminaries yet that type of information doesn't exactly prepare seminarian to be a bold preacher of the gospel.
Nevertheless, that's the environment in which many priests are being formed today. Those are excerpts from Goodbye, Good Man, a brand new book by Michael S. Rose in the New York Post today.
Going to go out and buy the book me. I show you. Okay. It's 12 minutes after 10 at 560 WQM. Don't forget log out at qm.com. It's there playing the Toyota baseball trivia challenge weekly prizes include golf or forward chulas. The grand prize of trip for to New York over the day weekend to see the Marlins and the meds. So log on and start playing with it at WQAM dot com.
You know, mattress shopping is really stupid at least the way most people do it because they waste a lot of gas, a lot of time and a lot of energy to why should you want to do that when you can just sit there on your lazy.
Yes, and make one easy phone call to our good friends and dial a mattress. One 800 mattress easy to remember easy to call one 800 in a TTR. Yes, you'll be immediately if not sooner connected to a betting expert whose only job is to send you the best name.
Mattress in unbeatable price. They're not selling a lot of lamps tomorrow and sofas on Thursday and take it from me when you call dial amateurs are be talking to people who even know their crap.
They got all the top brands in a business. Certainly Simmons and King Coil. So do like I always do when the old mattress is lumpy and giving your back all kinds of heck pick up the phone call dial amateurs and get the best new mattress in the universe. Like I said at an unbeatable price. And don't forget you pick today and the to our window for your delivery when it's convenient for you any day seven days a week.
You can also get that 30 day unbeatable in home comfort guarantees you can test your mattress the only smart way by sleeping on it. So whatever you do don't pay stupid by the mattress the smart way by calling dial amateurs toll free one 800 mattress one 800 MATT RES or check them out on the web if you like.
At mattress.
It's not the same time.
I think it's really.
Oh, no, he's losing control.
Just bang on the floor.
Hey.
Hey, Scooby, I found the cyber phone.
Shaggy, get a hole here.
Come on, Jack, let's dance.
Let's go.
Wait a minute.
I think I found a clue.
Why, something will get him in the next baby place.
Not even a Scooby snack.
Well, almost.
Yes.
Go, Scooby, go.
You know we got a mystery.
It's also Scooby to do it.
Don't hold back.
Let's gooby, do it.
You come through your door.
I have a stupid snack.
Scooby, hey, Scoob, pick up the beat.
I'm thinking this mystery is pretty close to being solved.
Scooby, Scooby, this is true.
I think this is for you.
Why, you.
Oh, my, my, my, oh.
Scooby, this is true.
I think it's for you.
I think it's for you.
I think it's for you.
You know, Scooby, guys, you know.
You know, Scooby, do it.
Scooby, do it.
I think you're a little bit too.
You're all free to go!
Ten, eighteen, and five, sixty W.Q.M. Happy Monday, too.
What a great day, man! The sun is shining. It's beautiful.
I'm going to be like twenty-six today. What's that?
Seventy-nine, Fahrenheit?
I guess.
Last time I turned... What do you mean you guess?
You better get a little on us, dear. I know what you're bringing with you.
You're bringing a little bit of work. If you're going to be...
If you're going to redeem yourself, you have to be the one that solves this mystery that's going on in that building now.
I'll be shaggy.
Isn't it amazing how many inquisitions have been going on here the last several weeks in that the QAM building?
By the way, something.
Yes.
I just talked to Troy from Balance for Life again.
His driver swears the food was delivered, so he will make new sacks and bring it on over right now.
How do you like that, boys and girls?
The food was delivered and the sacks have disappeared.
The logs disappeared.
The mail?
The mail disappeared.
Somebody has been dicking around in the QAM building and believe you me.
If you think that Greg went nuts the last time with his inquisition, there is going to be an investigation going on right now that even Shilah Kholms would be embarrassed by it.
It's going to be incredible is what it's going to be.
So, whoever's been dicking with all the stuff down here at QAM, you better watch it because you're going to get it.
I say we nail him up to a cross right there, right there, Kitty Corner, a Chuck sub center there.
On a corner of Ivesderry Road in 441.
We have a little chunk of lawn over here in front of the building.
No, I'd like you right out there at the intersection would be good.
Real heavy duty crap going on.
And here's a suggestion for you, by the way.
Don't fax me anymore stories anymore.
Pre-stories today?
Oh, I only faxed you a couple of the 10 that I've just gone through.
Well, don't fax me anymore because I got enough pre-stories here.
I got pre-scumbing out my ass, okay?
I got enough stories here to take me until seven weeks from Succus.
By the way, before we get to that, and also the area in a huffington, which I can't stand her,
but once in a while she writes something pretty interesting, did the drug war claim another
3056 casualies and 911 she writes, which I think I'm going to get to that in a second.
But before that, our sugar hunger was out of control.
This is an examiner, one of my very favorite tabloids.
Guess how much we eat, and this is a good one for the beast.
Guess how much sugar each American eats every year.
It's an average number, of course.
How many pounds? How many?
I said 800 pounds.
Now, see now you're just being silly.
Stupid.
212 pounds.
The average American, we're not doing so bad.
The average American eats 152 pounds a sugar a year.
That's 30 more pounds than just 20 years ago.
Now, see the beast said, how much did you say 200 and what?
212.
That was you before a balance for life.
No, that was more like 312.
Food companies took out the fat, but then they replaced it with sugar.
You'd be surprised at all the healthy products that are loaded with sugar.
Everybody knows about soda and candy, but not a lot of folks realize many foods like yogurt and power bars,
cereal sticks, gelatin cups, and puddings are loaded with carbohydrates, which convert to sugar in a body.
So a lot of those sugar free are like chocolates and a lot of those other sugar free products
have been trying to tell you for years are going to kill you because they're loaded with carbohydrates
and convert immediately to sugar in a body.
They're going to kill you, baby.
I'm telling you that right now.
Don't blame fat old when you're croaked on your deathbed because I warned you.
By the way, how about some Nestle's turtle sounds good? Sounds good to me.
Well, as long as you're going to croak anyway.
And why are they making a bit?
Oh, this son of a bitch, this Richard. What is his name again?
Bullseye, his stack.
Bullseye, that's a...
Oh, God.
I like him.
You like him?
I think he's quirky.
He is the most obnoxious human being on the face of the earth.
He even makes Osama Yamama look like a good guy.
Richard Quest.
Everything that's wrong with the Brit.
He gives me the Schmitz.
I'll tell you that right now. Richard Quest, who used to be on CNBC, the European version.
That's why I saw him first over there at Amsterdam.
And now we get to great pleasure since he jumped ship since CNN is picking up every loser that ever came down the pike.
They got Richard Quest on there.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, oh man.
You like him?
I think he's a quirky funny guy.
That's a family.
So John Leslie, known as Jack, he was the one who gave the game away earlier last week.
When he said he's holding it.
Yeah, he came out of here.
Anyway, Ariana Huffington writes,
The Phoenix memo, the Rowley letter, the Oklahoma Red flag, all elements in this true and tragic story of fumbling feds that has more smoking guns than a Quentin Tarantino movie.
So why did the FBI, whose job it is to find smoking guns, fail to see the smoking guns popping up all around it?
In announcing his big reorganization plans, director Robert Mueller seemed to consider the FBI tragedy of errors, a question of flawed management flow charts,
note that nothing that re-agigored PowerPoint presentation couldn't fix.
But there was a much more fundamental problem plinging the Bureau before 9-11,
and it wasn't one of office politics but of office-wide priorities, namely the agency's crippling addition to America's war on drugs.
Is this exactly what I've been screaming?
Yes.
While Osama Yamama bin Laden and his al-Qaeda minions were diligently preparing for their murderous mission, the FBI was looking the other way with equal determination.
More than twice as many FBI agents were signed to fighting drugs, 2500, and fighting terrorism, 1151.
And a far greater amount of the FBI's financial resources was dedicated to the war on drugs.
And this pathological prioritization of the drug works then, and well beyond the allocation of money and manpower, it was ingrained in the culture.
Counter-terrorist emunits were treated like the Bureau's ugly stepchildren, looked down upon by FBI management because they weren't making the kind of high-profile arrest that spruce up a supervisor's resume and make the evening news.
Let's face it, canvassing flight schools and search a suspicious students is nowhere near as sexy as one of those big drug busts with a bags of coke or bales of pot piled high for the cameras.
It's now painfully clear that we're terror warning signs of plenty, but they were disregarded by distracted FBI officials who had their eyes on a very different prize.
In Phoenix, where the now infamous Ken Williams memo originated, counter-terrorist imagines complained bitterly about the efforts being given the lowest investigative priority by a supervisor who preferred glamorous drug-fighting investigations.
Even though the anti-terror squad was understaffed having been assigned only eight of the division's 200 agents, it had managed to infiltrate groups suspected terrorists through the use of paid informants, including a man with being trained to be a suicide bomber.
They had also uncovered local men with ties to the World Trade Center bombing Shik Omar Abdel-Rachman into a virulently anti-American Muslim organization linked to Al-Qaeda.
So what was their reward for all of this?
Regular head-butting sessions with higher ups who blocked it having to allocate resources for information that didn't lead to immediate arrests.
I'll bet double-owns to donuts that the Phoenix agents doling out cash to drug case, which is very rarely ran up against the same sort of resistance, what one veteran terrorism squad member described as,
micro-managing, constant indecision and stone-walling.
Meanwhile, across the country in Boston, riot Hijazi, an admitted Al-Qaeda member who had become an informative exchange for avoiding jail, tried to warn FBI agents about Arab terrorists and sympathizers, particularly Nabil Amarab, a member of an Al-Qaeda terrorist cell who was arrested in the wake of 9-11.
But the FBI wasn't interested in Hijazi's terror leads. They only wanted to hear what he knew about heroin being smuggled into America from Afghanistan.
And it wasn't just the FBI, this drug war Oberolis mindset infected the entire law enforcement community starting at the top.
I want to escalate the war on drug-set attorney general John Ascroft in this first interview after being nominated to the post.
I want to renew it, I want to refresh it. And he was true to his word, witnessed the $43 million the Bush administration gave to the Taliban just four months before September 11th, which we talked about a lot on this program, by the way.
Sure, there was this small detail of harboring a guy named bin Laden, but the Taliban had agreed to ban the production of opium poppies, and so the drug war was trumped the terror war once again.
So this kind of thinking was, is this kind of thinking finally a thing of the past, yes, I'm not so sure, even after last week's highly touted reorganization, which included the reassignment of 400 narcotics agents to counter terrorism, there will still be 2100 agents spending their inviable time and energy fighting a fruitless drug war.
This despite the fact that combating drugs didn't even make director Mueller's official top-ten listed priorities, which raises the question if the drug war is suddenly lower on the FBI pecking order the combating white collar crime number seven protecting civil rights number five and taking on public corruption, all levels number four with a bullet, then how come one out of six agents will be still working that beat the numbers just don't add up.
According to high ranking FBI officials, mother originally intended to pull the plug on his agencies, involvement in the drug war, shifting every one of his counter narcotics agents to counter terrorism activities, but was talked out of it by drug war generals who can't admit defeat.
Not only should the White House follow through on Mueller's instinct and choose the war on terror over the war against drugs, they should insist that the FBI hire new kinds of people to fight this new kind of war.
Merely reassigning traditional FBI agents to fight terrorism is enough former Senator Gary Harder co-chair the U.S. Commissioner National Security told me the new counter terror team should be more like the Delta Force, not standard issue agents in dark suits and ties, but young imaginative 21st century investigators recruited from outside the bureau.
At the same time we should make sure the administration doesn't just transfer the drug war and it's a tenant lavish funding from the FBI to the DEA, which will note that she'll up on a hill any day now looking for more money to break up the drug fighting slack.
As the Sering Budget deficit reminds us federal coffers are not a bottomless will, everything comes with a price. Sadly it's looking more and more like the price of the drug war may have included the 356 lives lost on 9-11.
Excellent. 10-27 at 5-60 WQAM. You heard me talking about a big one, everybody wants to have a big one and you can have a big one too in just a few short months of big paycheck.
The demand for certified computer professionals is through the roof, fits skyrocketing, so pick up the phone and call our good friends at Fast Train toll free 1-866 Fast Train.
Summer classes are forming right now, if you call you can be certified in a brand new career before the summer is over.
Fast Train offers Microsoft certified instructors for convenient locations including the brand new campus in Kindle, job placement assistance, day and evening classes too.
And for people whose job was affected after 9-11 fast trains and operation paycheck training provider call fast train even to call us free.
They'll answer all your questions 866 fast train or check them out on the web at fast train.com. They can have you certified and ready for a brand new money making career in as little as four months.
So call them today and get yourself started on the road and making some cash call 1-866
Fast Train offers Microsoft certified instructors for convenient locations and operation paycheck training provider call fast train.
Fast Train offers Microsoft certified instructors for convenient locations and operation paycheck training provider call fast train.
Fast Train offers Microsoft certified instructors for convenient locations and operation paycheck training provider call fast train.
Fast Train offers Microsoft certified instructors for convenient locations and operation paycheck training provider call fast train.
Fast Train offers Microsoft certified instructors for convenient locations and operation paycheck training provider call fast train.
27-11-560 WQM your Inquisition Station for the New Century where the crack just keeps going on.
It just I don't want to go into it. But it does make me feel very glad that I'm not there to see the fallout from what happens every weekend.
I mean this weekend was extreme you know what's going on at QAM but every weekend's a nightmare.
Speaking of what's out float is all about here's the epitome of it.
This story from the scum Sentinel.
Pines condo turns adults only then targets couple with new baby.
Pembroke Pines where I used to live and where George also used to live.
Maybe if the beast is lucky enough someday he'll live in Pembroke Pines.
Maybe.
And when it gets to be by the E5 maybe he can live in cemetery village out there in Pembroke Lakes.
So take that take the T set to the T rule and flush it right down the turret.
Okay. Hate that. So look what else we got here.
Green-eyed lady you just said sugar love. I think that's what we're bringing what Troy's bringing for lunch by the way.
Yeah. Yeah. We got a low for you Troy. Okay. We're working on a big one right now.
Now see don't be blaming Troy. He has to take all the heat for that fall.
Although I'll tell you one thing nobody stole the food from my doorstep that he did not deliver last Friday night.
He said choice, Trafford said to him that he beat that you'd be here Monday.
I don't want to go back into it okay. I don't want to go back into the whole thing.
He's very upset over the whole thing. He should be and I was upset too because I expected my goddamn food and look at all the crap I ate all over the weekend while I was there.
I'd like a goddamn pig and if I had my black sack I might add it.
I'm not a person. Songwriter George Whiting was living in South Florida condominiums when he wrote my blue heaven.
What is another one of my favorites? Fat stomino but not a one hit wonder.
My blue heaven in 1923 love song that says in baby makes three.
Had he been here he would have had a right and baby makes zero.
Just as Daniel Cruz 27 and Elizabeth Cruz 24 condo owners of these sprawling Hollywood golf and tennis club.
They bought their units for 49 five in 1998 when they were newly wedged.
They love the amenities and the fact that their mothers lived in the complex.
It meant that when the time came there would be two nearby babysitters.
Just a little left over flim from last week.
Though Holly Brook was known as a haven for active retirees.
Active retirees.
It had no age restrictions. As original owners died their air sought to one load the apartments at low prices which lured younger couples.
Two years later on February 4th 2000 the complex voted to become an adult's only community.
Current residents were grandfathered in but babies were not.
Babies were not.
Six weeks ago Elizabeth Cruz gave birth to megan their first child.
Now the association that runs the 1902 apartment complexes telling them that either the baby must go or they must go.
Holly, what would your choice be?
I'd leave.
How about flushing the kid down the toilet?
Well.
Why sell an apartment to a young couple that just got married put them through credit and background checks and expect them not to have babies.
Daniel Cruz said that's what young couples do.
That's why they screw their brains out and they make babies.
Sometimes even when they don't want one.
Last week the Cruz received the letter from the association telling them that they were in violation of the rules because a child under 18 was living with them.
Along the child remained the letter said compromises Hollybrook's status as an over 55 community.
Federal law requires at least 80% of the units in a complex to have at least one resident over 55 to be considered adult only.
I got to read that again.
Federal law requires at least 80% of the units in a complex to have at least one resident over 55 to be able to have at least one resident over 55.
You have to be considered adult only.
You follow that?
Okay. I guess that's the rule.
We'll give them 60 or 90 days to find a place to live.
Association President Carl Schechter said if they don't we'll turn it over our attorneys to get a court order.
I remember stories like this years and years ago when I was on WS News 20 some years ago.
I remember grotesque horrible stories like this and it's still going on.
The Cruz's attorney Leonardo Renaud said he might try to fight the order although he'd prefer to resolve the situation amicably.
They are owners not renters. It's callous he said their daughter is just born and they're telling them to move.
In fact, I remember the one story where some people had a pet monkey in the association said the monkey was okay but people had a baby and they made them move out.
That's the true story.
Old was the monkey.
Old enough to know better.
Well, maybe the monkey might have been a senior citizen I forgot. That's right.
But the board's attorney Gary Polly of Coffin for Lauderdale said a January 3rd ruling by the Florida Supreme Court makes it unlikely the cruises could win in court.
The unanimous landmark ruling upheld the right of condo associations to change the rules even if they have a negative impact on some owners.
A rule change doesn't harm anyone's rights to court said because condo owners are aware that rules can be changed.
Yeah, right. Well, what kind of a stupid reason is that?
What about if the condo says if you're under 90 they're going to kick your ass out?
The Supreme Court has said that when the covenants are amended properly it's binding and all owners even those who bought with the expectation of having children Polly of Coff said.
Although the cruises dispute the legality of the vote that resulted in the age restriction, Shector said everything was proper.
83% of the people voted in favor of banning everyone under 55 and everyone had the opportunity to vote.
If you have a child before the effective date the child has grandfathered and checked her said any child coming in later by birth or any other reason cannot live here permanently period.
The cruises call the station, the situation and the station ridiculous.
Both grandma's live here, there are sitter so the baby will be here anyway said Daniel, file clerk for a law firm who hopes to get his bachelor's degree in information technology in October.
This was our little paradise because it was affordable, has everything we want and look at the beautiful view of the lake and golf course at Elizabeth Cruz, a student at a local fire college and a unit coordinator at Pemberpine's hospital.
Did you know we had a fire college? No, I did not. Well, now you do.
Elizabeth said she had been told several times by doctors that she couldn't get pregnant, that megan is my little miracle.
The couple is looking for another home while I try to sell theirs in case they lose.
We put it on the market two weeks ago already we had nine calls Daniel said, but everyone's under 55 and everybody's got kids. Well guess what?
No, Elizabeth took three months of unpaid maternity leave but she's going back to work six weeks early because they'll need the money to move.
Shector said the kind of association got no choice but to force the family out. We're not commandos, we're not doing anything to try to hurt them.
We're just enforcing the rules and prove by owners he said if we make one exception left and do it for all you are commandos you asshole.
You're a commando and you're a frickin asshole. How do you like that? You disgusting old fart.
I hope you get bleeding hemorrhoids. Okay. Check ass. I hate condos. I hate the P out. I had the whole thing.
How's mom doing by the way?
Twenty before 11 and five sixty. Oh wait a minute.
Because David was just discussing of using one of those radioactive disbursement devices a dirty bomb.
These senior officials saying they have no evidence that those radioactive material.
Yeah, this guy that they just nabbed as crop made a big deal out of they just have the guy who was like planning on doing a dirty bomb deal.
We got one. Let's hear it. Let's get back to the war on drugs.
You know, summer times here man. Now what's it like down there today? Is it the run and hot rain and thunderstorms?
Hot suffocating human unacceptable. Well, olio meds are proud of that.
It'll make you feel your best to keep you in good health even in the Hades even in South Florida in paradise.
Olio meds in soft gel capsula contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and herbals to promote health for all different parts of your body and your system and your thing.
They've got one that helps your prostate one for your heart one for your blood pressure and one for your cholesterol.
Olio meds also got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system.
Your digestive and endocrine system, your skin and bones, even your mind, all using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil the best of money can buy.
And olio meds got products tough both men and women too.
It's available all over time because more and more people are starting to pop it in their puts so pick some up today at Walgreens, at Whole Food Markets,
and we're all pharmacy or synonyms and you can call this number to get more information on the products, how they work and what they do and where you stick them.
Call 1-866 olio meds. That's 1-866 olio meds or one of the products off their website. It's easy. Just log on to...
Locations.
The show in Mark's show. Over 9-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10
Good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good
good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good
good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good
good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good
good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good
good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good
good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good
good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good question Dondinマイト아니 senior
next time, we have 2 examples of jokes which don't take this fact when we went to Ratchezna, we had 3 examples of what's cancer from the
reactions of this story in the court ofulaudum improvement and do you know we are just talkingить
More than two thirds of an estimated 50,000 respondents
support the use of medical marijuana.
I say this thing that somebody sent me about medical marijuana.
We don't care about that.
We don't give a crap.
I mean, that's what we don't care about.
But that's not the important thing.
The important thing is that this war on drugs is killing us.
Crazy.
It's insanity.
Speaking of killing us, US-based Al Qaeda agents
may attempt to hit the subways of New York and other cities
with a lethal nerve gas by Independence Day
a federal source in Washington told the New York Post yesterday.
State and local law officials around the country
were warned by the feds about the possibility of a new subway
attack allegedly intended to bring America
to its knees on Independence Day, said a new report
by Philadelphia TV station KYW, which obtained the internal warning.
NYPD sources said they were warned two weeks ago
about the potential of an attack by July 4th.
But city cops have been on guard for a subway attack
ever since 9-11 when the NYPD and the Transit Authority
beat up patrols and Titan security had made
your subway stop so terrorists could do the most damage.
The Transit Authority could not be reached for comment
from New York Post.
Tom Jickel writes, I bet you're shocked that I'm reading
a Tom Jicke thing, if not about radio.
Of course, he never writes about radio very seldom.
That's a good idea during the summer holidays.
Let's all chip in and buy a radio for Tom Jicke.
What do you say?
Anybody want to donate?
No.
We can get the same people who donated to buy Moa Howard
is the birthday gift.
Yeah, there was a memo circulating around last week
for everybody to chip in by Moa Howard, a birthday gift.
Anybody a cop up any cash?
No, I did actually.
And did they, what did they get him?
We got him a gift certificate for a Tommy Bahamas shirt.
Me and Dorine pitched in.
Oh, you and Dorine?
Yeah.
Two fat people.
We'll chable and rape me.
ABC's Bachelor brings cattle called us out Florida.
Would you like to choose a potential mate
from a hero of 25 women or be one of the women?
Opportunity Beckham's writes a little Tommy.
In yesterday's Sun Sentinel,
the bachelor will conduct casting calls
for would be bachelor's and bachelor's
from six to nine PM today at the Miami Beach Club
level 1235 Washington Avenue and from five day PM tomorrow
at Sawgrass Ford out there by me 14501 Sunrise Boulevard.
You know where that is, don't you?
What?
Right by I 75.
You know, right out there by the end of sunrise.
The second edition of the ABC program
will be filmed this summer probably in LA
for airing in the fall candidates must be between 21 and 35.
And of course, single those have been previously married
are eligible, but only if they have no children.
Like at that condo place dresses optional.
However, being dressed is required as crashes.
The bachelor might be the auditions are public events anyone
wants to supply a picture presenting himself or herself
in the most flattering light is welcome to do so.
There'll be photographers on hand for those to wish to have
a new photo taken to be considered by the show's casting directors.
Candidates will be asked to fill out a questionnaire
with pertinent details about themselves.
There'll also be asked other questions such as why they'd
want to meet a potential mate on the bachelor
and do us three adjectives that best describe themselves.
The application can be previewed on ABC's website,
abc.com for Lauderdale and Miami are among seven areas across the U.S.,
at which the first stage of the aditions will take place
according to a representative of the show.
That's the night six to nine at the Miami Beach Club level,
1235 Washington Avenue and five day PM tomorrow at Sawgrass
Ford 14501 Sunrise Boulevard.
And good luck to you because I've seen some of you
and most of you'll need it.
File of never again, but Murphy regards sexual revolution
as factor in the abuse's news day.
At a special service of healing and forgiveness yesterday,
the leader of the Long Island Catholic said there were no excuses
or justifications for sexual abuse by a priest,
but that the so-called American sexual revolution
with all its permissiveness has certainly been a factor
as he stood on the altar of St. Agnes Cathedral
in Rockville Center, Bishop William Murphy vowed never again,
the criminal betrayal of trust and the destruction
of innocence of a child.
However, he emphasized that the sinfulness of the human condition
can at times overwhelm the best efforts
and the total commitment of even all of us striving together.
Similar masses, which included special prayer songs and petitions,
were held yesterday throughout the diocese
for victims of sex abuse in their families
with more than half of Long Island's population
at an inviolous houses Catholic,
Rockville Center's the nation's sixth largest diocese.
Recalling how Catholics responded to terrorist attacks of 9-11,
Murphy said, now we face another reflection
of tragedy of huge proportions
that is struck at the heart of the church and her life.
He said the church needs to honestly face the problem,
correct what is wrong, and through penance, pardon and forgiveness,
we start the church to its true purpose.
Making money.
Only half the cathedral was filled for the 1030 AM Mass,
which was televised live on the diocese cable channel,
celebrating the mass with Murphy was Monsignor Robert Brennan,
the new vicar general of the diocese.
During his homily, Murphy repeatedly said only a few priests
were involved in abuse, just like Wolfletcher said on CNN yesterday,
I wanted to puke.
What a suck hold you are, Wolf, you're a piece of crap.
While saying there would be no excuses
and no justifications for it, Murphy said he sought to explain
how the church got itself into this state.
The sinful condition of humanity is certainly
at the base of this tragedy,
more than three decades of the so-called American sexual revolution
with all its permissiveness has certainly been a factor,
a false sense of freedom,
and on healthy and sinful desire for self-gratification
are all part of the problem he said.
At the end of the surface,
his Murphy greeted personers outside the cathedral,
most wished him well and said they would pray for him.
However, one tall middle-aged woman,
her face taught with anger confronted him.
Your timing was off, she said.
Both my brothers were molested by priests
before the sexual revolution,
the woman told Murphy before walking off.
She declined to identify herself in an interview afterward,
but said she had traveled from another parish
specifically to hear Murphy.
His talk was watered down, it was most the excuses she said,
what did the sexual revolution have to do with it?
People didn't go around molesting boys
because of the sexual revolution.
Other parish leaders offered little reaction to Murphy's
mentioned the sexual revolution and said,
he hit the right tone with his address,
which was applauded usually after unusual
after Hamiliyah's conclusion.
They liked his tone.
This is exactly what we needed asking for forgiveness
from victims and victims families to say
there will be no more tolerance to this,
said NASA District Attorney Dennis Dillon,
regularly attends the 1030 AM mass.
Dillon's office is investigating
how the ICs handle abuse complaints,
praise Murphy, saying he made significant changes.
He's been a positive influence during the crisis.
It's about time to acknowledge all the rumors
and go to the pulpit and ask for God's help.
They need help, said Emma McGreen, a church usher,
he and his wife, Laura, to left the service.
How do you like that?
Oh, I see, as they left.
I thought maybe they'd like to walk down, I guess not.
So there you go, more covering up,
like the dog in the backyard trying to cover up its tracks.
1056 at 560 WQM, don't forget to log on to QM
and start playing the Toyota Baseball Tribute Challenge.
Weekly prizes include golf or forward chulas,
grand prize at Fritz Pratton, New York,
over Liberty Weekend to see the Marlins play the meds.
So log on and start playing with it at wqm.com.
And don't forget Joe Rose for the Mad Dog,
one to three this afternoon.
Aren't you excited about that?
Very much so.
Yeah, I hear that Joe wants to get back into a radio
full time.
I keep hearing you.
All you fat people, yeah, you're the one
spreading the rumors when I'm here.
All you fat people out there,
here's a store where you can shop and buy all kinds of great stuff
and not worry about the same fat.
And that's the lights of West Boka.
And now it's splendor coming out.
A lot of these diet products have dropped those sweeteners
that were harsh on your stomach before.
They just sit on the magic throne all day long.
That's right.
Now you can pick up all kinds of goodies
that are almost no carbs and don't affect your stomach.
The lights of West Boka carries thousands of diet product
supplements, vitamins, diet books.
Everything you need to lose the pounds you thought were so hard
to get rid of.
The lights also carries the biggest selection
of bakery products like pancake mix,
bread, cookies, cheesecakes, brownies, muffins,
any clears.
And the lights all, oh, it clear sounds good, you know what?
I know a place here where they got some real good
of clears.
And the lights also carries low carbon sugar free products
like pasta, sauces, ketchup, crackers, candy,
and champion life.
Chocolate and their famous carbon-light ice cream too.
Head to the lights of West Boka.
And don't forget, you can try before you buy.
That is correct.
Taste anything in the store for free before you be buy it.
The knowledgeable staff at the lights
have put you on the right path to losing that weight.
Call 1-877 Low Carb or check them out on the web.
At lowcarb.com, already a gimme visit.
Hop in a car and head over to the store
at Northeast Corner of Glades in 441 and Boka.
And be sure and tell them that PD Lady sent you by
to the lights of West Boka.
Stay counts.
The rules just right.
The Neil Roger Show on 5-6,
Tony Q.A.M. Miami for Leonardo.
GEMANDICH, I am a pussy.
Hey, do, ma, do, ma, do, ma, do, ma, do, do,
Do, why, do, why, do, why, do, why, do, why, do,
I have to go.
Go, go, go, why, do, why, do, people think I'm gay?
Why do, people say such things,
assuming I like doing things,
why did they think I'm gay,
They told me,
but no one knows
if I really get the holes,
why did they think I'm gay,
Oh, I'm a studly handsome guy, I'm drunk most afternoon.
It's not of your business, why?
I like show tunes, all the rumors make me sick.
People think I drive a stick, why did they think I'm gay?
I'm gay!
Help me pass the word on.
This dude here's no Elton John, why did they think I'm gay?
Guys in the gym, they can't cope.
They're afraid to drop the soap, why did they think I'm gay?
I ain't one bit family man, I'm a manly man.
Last I checked it in a sin to be a license fan, tell me why.
Oh, tell me why, why did they think I'm gay?
Why do they think I'm gay?
I love it out to it 560 WQ, so anyway this scumbag, I mean this suspect that they arrested.
Guess what name, well it all depends on which name you want to believe.
Either his Arabic name, his Islamic name, or the name he was using here, Jose Padilla.
Yeah, Jose Padilla with two L's baby.
And it was Apparante, he was flying from Pakistan to DC and guess who turned him in?
His brother, Abu Zubayda.
Really?
Yeah, we're finally starting to get some useful information.
Let's hear it, good old Abu Zubayda, always liked him, okay?
Because that's one of the few we can pronounce the name.
And this is an asshole who was like working on putting together a suitcase bomb, a radioactive bomb in a suitcase.
And that he was going to unleash on Washington DC.
I like it when they call it a dirty bomb.
Yeah, a dirty bomb, a radiological bomb, a suitcase, whatever you want to call it.
He doesn't have all the same legal rights, he does have the rights of a prisoner of war.
Yeah, well let's fry his ass anyway, okay?
Rights.
Just fry his ass, give him a quick trial.
Oh, you're going to like this.
Oh, in fact we're going to hold the rest of the story, we should probably mention that Troy showed up with our food.
Why should we mention that?
Because it's good and it's great and it's here and now we're all happy here.
Oh, thanks Troy, get out of there, is he there?
No, he came and left but swore to God up and down inside ways that the food was delivered.
Oh, I believe him, I believe him because there are too many things missing there at QMFE 2 in LA.
We have an inquisition going on now to try to understand and figure out and put together the pieces of the puzzle.
How come the program logs all disappeared and everybody's mail was all school and over the weekend and and the black sacks for George and the beast disappeared.
So there is a major inquisition going on right now making the most recent inquisition, the Moa Howard inquisition, Pillinowin significance.
Speaking of inquisitions, if I can get to this story eventually from Newsday,
citizens armed with shotguns will patrol the streets of the heavily Jewish Brooklyn neighborhoods because of comments
that suspected terrorists made about targeting them or rabbi said.
Jews with guns baby.
The patrols to begin June 16th are in response to comments Abdel-Rachmanyasi made during an interview on CBS 60 Minutes June the 2th,
said Rabbi Yakov Lloyd found her in president of the right wing Jewish defense group.
Yassin who sought by the FBI in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing said an interview from a compound in Iraq
that he and his accomplices originally targeted heavily Jewish neighborhoods in Brooklyn.
They later decided to attack the two in towers because they believed most of the occupants were Jewish, yes, and said
six people were killed and more than a thousand injured in the night.
This is the 93 bombing we're talking about.
The largest segment of the population in the Burrow Park and southern flat-boost neighborhoods is Hasidic and Orthodox Jews.
There are 290 synagogues in the area. Hasidic.
Just bite your tongue, I'm trying to.
Lloyd said the street patrols would include 50 to 200 people of various religious faiths mainly Jews carrying shotguns in bags
along with people licensed to one and carry other types of firearms.
Others will carry bats, pipes, cell phones, and walkie talkies and will patrol the street stately from 9 p.m. to 3 a.m.
except Friday of course the Jewish Sabbath.
Of course, and certainly not on Yom Kippur.
This will be a very effective determined against terrorism directed at American Jews and other targets Lloyd said.
The Rabbi criticized the police department for not adequately protecting neighborhoods and said
the only people who will use his vigilantes already look at us that way anyway.
It is illegal to carry an exposed shotgun on city streets in your police department spokeswoman Valerie St. Rose said
she said it was unclear whether carrying one in a bag is illegal.
Maybe they can do that in sunrise. They can carry a piece in their bag.
Piece of what?
I think they may already have a piece of that in there.
Well monitor the patrols if there needs to be police action taken.
The Jewish government will be taking sets of St. Rose who declined to say how many officers routinely patrol neighborhoods.
A community leader from Williamsburg another heavily Jewish neighborhood in Brooklyn said he opposes the armed patrols.
The Jewish community condemns such a thing we don't need it.
We can't have civilians running around with guns. It's going to look like Beirut here said Isaac Abraham.
What a great name that is. Isaac Abraham.
The Jewish defense group is a group of men and women who are proud to be Jews and committed to defending, demonstrating and rallying for Jewish causes and against anti-Semitism.
According to its website the JDG founded by Lloyd and Queens in 1985 says it follows the principles of the late rabbi Marrakehani founder of the JDL Oy.
In January JDL chairman Irv Rubin and a group member were charged with conspiring to blow up a mosque and the office of an Arab American congressman in California.
Rubin and his co-defendant Earl Krugel pleaded innocent in a schedule on trial October 1.
That's Earl no relation to potato Krugel.
You do like potato Krugel, aren't you having the idea?
Yes.
We love potato Krugel on his show. I'll tell you that right now.
And home in Tasha.
So let me ask you now aren't you glad you didn't go ordering a bunch of fattening food that trucking by with your sack?
I knew he'd come through.
I knew he'd damn well better come through. I'll tell you that.
Guess who writes a paintbrush? You're like the New York Post even though it's supermortar.
It's interesting to me my two favorite papers are the Toronto Sun and the New York Post and they're both politically very right wing.
But they're both great papers.
And that interesting?
Huh. I guess not.
I don't care about a newspaper's politics.
If I want to read the opinions I'll listen to my own.
How do you like that?
The paper Murdoch is a funny character because he's an asshole.
Yeah. But he puts on good programming.
He puts on good, very ultra liberal cutting edge programming and his politics are all ultra right wing.
All I do notice like I said a couple of weeks ago Fox News has moderated quite a bit.
And as long as you view what like I said is a bunch of cartoon characters and you don't take it too seriously.
At least it's entertaining.
It's sure a lot more entertaining than CNN.
Oh CNN just absolutely blows.
And to see Wolf Blitzkrieg on her yesterday with a story on the priest and he is his panel including that William Bennett.
William Bennett is there like their house moralist on there?
Top of crap.
And that the closing toward the end of the piece Wolf Blitzkrieg says, well of course we want to make sure we emphasize.
It's only a very very tiny tiny just a handful of priest and the overwhelming majority of them are good upstanding.
Yeah right you should live so long you idiot you you pandering suck whole God do I hate CNN.
In fact I'm going to go in the other room and watch MMS NBC right now.
You know if I had more time left to do in the show from Toronto this year and for next year what I'm going to do is I'll get the digital cable in all the rooms here.
Because I don't I don't have MMS NBC on the this is just a regular cable.
Okay that's that's the only reason I watch CNN is because I don't have a Fox News or MSNBC in here.
So we got this crap.
Bodge area so it is not a nuclear explosion.
Good thank God for that.
Guess who writes this thing I'm going to read Mark Furman one of our favorite people.
Skakal family dumped Michael he writes in the New York Post yesterday.
Michael Skakal's family and their lawyers abandoned him.
They threw him away they didn't have compassionate love for the convicted killer of Martha Moxley.
He was just someone who could turn his to family name.
They victimized Michael and in doing so they created the most most of the evidence that convicted him.
On the day Martha Moxley's body was found Ethel Kennedy was overheard saying this can't touch the Kennedys.
That says it all right there they don't care about the child.
They want to cover it up because it's just another dirty little secret they'd rather hide.
Kind of like the Catholic Church.
And last time I checked aren't they I'm sorry.
First Michael was sent away to the Elon treatment center in Maine.
Then the family told people at Alon to confront Michael about Martha's murder that was incredibly self-serving.
What they were trying to do is find out how much he remembered and what he would say.
And this is not his father rushed in senior this is attorneys.
Because Michael was confronted about Martha's murder other kids at Alon knew about it.
Which encouraged Michael to talk about it.
He talked about it with his roommates when things were quiet.
He talked about it with friends.
Then pathologist Henry Lee started making overtures about whether there was any DNA in the Moxley case.
Again the Skickle family responded with we can't have anything touch the family.
So they hired the investigative firm Sutton Associates.
They didn't do this to help Michael. They did this to make excuses for evidence that Henry Lee might find.
They had Michael changes story from I came home at 11.20 and went to sleep and woke up at 9.00 the next morning to a most incredible story.
They actually had Michael go back out into the community.
Pete and Martha's window, climate tree, yell out Martha's name, feel something evil in the darkness.
He went to all places where Martha was beaten, killed or hidden, very very crafty attorney stuff.
But at Backfire they shot themselves in the foot.
Now we have Michael Skickle putting himself at the crime scene and every place that Martha was struck murdered or hidden.
Without a doubt Michael Skickle and the Skickle family convicted the Kennedy cousin.
The state did not convict him.
Michael Skickle was supposed to be somebody's son and instead his family abandoned him because of his name because they wanted to protect it.
And now all the people who actually caused the cover up are free.
Someone should go after the parents, the attorneys and the neighbors.
These people actually ruined this man's life.
Had he confessed he probably would have gotten two years in a secure hospital facility.
He might have gotten help. He might have done something with his life.
How do you like that right Mark Furman?
Yesterday's the year of post.
Screw him anyway. Not Furman. Skickle.
Oh I agree. But the point he makes about the Kennedy cover up. That's the most important thing.
Same old tired crap.
Very sad.
Speaking of politics, 262 votes on our poll about how president they, how do you rate president Bush and his administration so far?
How do you like the job they're doing huh? 262 votes.
116 say he's a bosom of disaster.
That's 44.2% of this very perspicacious audience if I say so myself.
53 say he's doing excellent job. 50 say okay.
27 said fair and 16 said poor.
So if you take the seat you got like 50% who say he's doing like your crappy job.
And then you got the the other 50% who say how can that be?
Oh I see fair we're counting fair and well whatever.
I got a nice back there for my close friend Bob Eisenberg.
He said by the way my week still looks like a dead muskrant.
That's what it said right the bottom of the facts.
But he said thank goodness it's not the worst looking hair piece in the building now anymore.
Tom layman said it again baby my good close personal friend Tom layman who loves me loves the show loves George and loves the beast.
How do you like that huh?
In fact I think Tom layman intervened on your behalf George.
Thank you Tom.
It's Halitz 2002 Neo Rogers Neil deal blowout sale when it out blow it out.
That's what I always say.
Stop by Halitz Pontiac GMC 13401 South Dixie highway.
That's on US one across from the falls right now where the lowest sale prices marked on the invoice on all 2002 cars and trucks and stock.
Choose from 1.9% financing or get you up to a $3,500 rebate if you like.
Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the envoy was voted by Motor Trend as the SUV of the year.
It's pretty nifty plus the all new vibe SUV as we've been telling you it's got the power of a sports car at a much lower price.
Halitz also got an unbeatable selection of dependable.
That's the operative word dependable pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs.
If you've been here in town for credit at some scumbag car dealer because you're not good enough for them you're good enough for Halitz they'll work you deal.
Don't forget going on right now it's the 2002 Neo Rogers Neil deal blowout sale going on at Halitz Pontiac GMC 13401 South Dixie highway on US one across from the falls.
The same great location they've been treating people right and making great deals for over 35 years open every day of your life.
Seven days a week for more info call the Neo Rogers Neil deal hotline.
He just wants me to keep saying that the Neo Rogers Neil deal hotline at one eight eight eight five three four forty two eleven.
That's one eight eight five three four forty two eleven.
I'm going to get you Tom.
Halitz Pontiac GMC.
Halitz Pontiac GMC.
Mark Lings, play the mist.
Hold on and start playing a service of Sports Radio 5C.
QAM.
Greg H.
You.
Hello Neil the idz Greg and do forgive me for being so thought allowing myself to call you but I've
And he slashed his tires on my Cadillac!
No, it's true! It's true, all true!
Reading acquisition, the buyer joy I want to pitch him,
I'm the door I'm on a cakekin with my Gucci shoes!
Where his position for a cell's lock the Swiss is,
Personnel the deep permission from that fat gay Jew,
Who's in for ho? I confess I find sex stock for it!
It's a foreign sports talk!
I like bets, red flags for full sports,
I'm a story, I dream of Ricky Williams in a dress!
Reading acquisition, drives on hate unless you're sniffing,
Sports retain the best position,
For him sports hopes spend their lives!
Oh, right! And the sweaty judge for tons!
Hey, Craig, how was George's joke today?
He talked about women like he does every day!
Talked about women, what are they?
Well, they're not as exciting as sport-hole fans!
Reading acquisition, sport assholes,
Where they can kiss and pose ground holes,
Can't get permission to make George go away!
So I set my thing in Gucci's shoes,
And make the best that they refuse,
At least let me suspend him for a day!
Yes!
1119, I'll tell you one thing,
Whoever's going to be responsible for this thing,
They're checking a videotape right now boys and girls,
They're going through the monitors,
And a videotape from over the weekend to see who diddle with the logs,
And who diddle with our black sacks.
That should be a piece of cake,
Find out who took the black section,
Or the camera's right out there.
Yeah, because there were cameras right out there in the lobby.
So evidently, whoever took this stuff was either so stupid,
Not to realize that they were being photographed as they took it,
Or, didn't care.
Or, we'll find that they were never delivered in the first place.
No, okay.
I don't believe that either.
I'm just being a craphead.
Yeah, you are, you know, they delivered special,
But you don't even need that goddamn stuff,
You're not fat, and they deliver you that every goddamn day.
And instead of being, you know, I think most got a good point about you,
I think you are.
Jesus Christ!
I'm just busting choices.
You ought to be stuck in choice ass, man,
Right now, you have your tongue all the way up, all the way up,
All the way to his colon.
It is, I have an extra tongue that I just keep in there.
Yeah.
I'm serious, I mean, they treat you pretty damn good,
They're balanced for life, I just get lunch and a couple snacks.
I'm the guy.
Yeah, no, you're not the guy,
You're just again, you're clinging on,
You're just again clinging on my name and my existence.
Yeah, you weren't here when they first came on,
And so for two weeks I did the thing.
Yeah, and they just got in there and bring you into the free food.
But you know, that could be cut off real easy,
If you don't watch your peas and cuisines, I'll tell you that right now.
That could be stopped immediately, if not sooner.
See how quiet it got all of a sudden?
We'll chable and rape me.
Well, we'll talk about that tomorrow.
At a later date.
But what I was starting to say before you came up with that ridiculous suggestion
That they never even delivered, well, we will find that out.
Because the cameras will show if it was ever sitting there,
They're always sitting right on that desk,
Right.
Where goofball sits, where Carlos freaky,
Carlos sits.
In fact, maybe, you know something,
Maybe the black sacks got up and crawled away.
Because they didn't want to be,
There were Carlos was, they were want to make sure that they got out of there before he came in.
Maybe they crawled right across the floor, got on the elevator again,
The high tailed out of there.
They grew some legs.
Before it came in there.
Maybe they grew up here.
I don't think Carlos will, but.
So anyway, the investigation goes on,
A tremendous acquisition of QA, where we just can't keep things going.
Sounds like we got some real problems there,
Which makes me very grateful I'm here in beautiful Toronto,
Where the sun is shining, it's nice out there, baby.
Oh!
79 today.
At least 300 church abuse suits have been filed, says news day.
At least 300, I've got so much church stuff here,
It's going to make you want to get on your hands and ease and look for wafers.
At least 300 civil lawsuits, alleging clerical sex abuse have been filed in 16 states since January,
When the case of a pedophile priest in Boston's burglams against Roman Catholic diocese across America,
A nation might review by the APS found.
Lawyer said the rush of litigation is truly dramatic for such a short time,
In that several hundred more cases, several hundred more are being informally mediated between diocese and accusers.
That ensures American bishops will remain under enormous legal and financial pressure,
From the scandal even after they overhaul their abuse policy in that meeting in Dallas starting this Thursday.
It's off the charts, said Pat Schultz, a Minnesota attorney who's defended diocese against hundreds of abuse claims,
Daniel Holden, attorney for Orange County, California diocese, said would take a couple of years for their cases of loan to be resolved,
And more will certainly be filed in the coming months.
Oh, but it's just a couple of bad, yeah, right. That's what Blitzkrieg would have, you believe.
Just a couple of bad apples.
New York attorney Michael Dowd said he was still preparing about 60 molestation claims against diocese in his area.
Chicago Cardinal Francis George may sell the mansion where the city's archbishop's have lived for more than a century,
Accounting some of the proceeds could be used to pay legal fees and abuse cases.
I hope you're good Catholics out there, feel good about yourself every Sunday,
when you go and put that money in the collection plate, knowing it's going to pay off people with bribes and hush money
and to settle abuse cases because you got a bunch of perverts in there abusing kids.
Almost 250 of the nations, more than 46,000 Roman Catholic priests have been either dismissed from their duties or resign since the scandal began in January.
I think I have another story here that says it's like 281 now. This one says almost 250.
I think the number is 281. Let's be up to date.
Beyond the toll in loss and of staff and credibility, the financial cost of these cases has never been fully calculated.
Estimates of what the churches paid out since the first major scandals broke in the 80s range from about 300 million to an over a billion.
AP report is across the country interviewed lawyers and reviewed court documents last week.
To count the number of abuse lawsuits across the nation, the talc does not include a handful of cases alleging this conduct by lay church workers.
Nice season Kentucky faced the most law suits, 122.
With more than a third involving claims against one priest, the Reverend Lewis E. Miller, who denies any wrongdoing.
Hey, that corn sure is special ain't it, Lewis?
Three other suits alleged abuse by Lexington Bishop Kent Rick Williams, while he was a Louisville priest, he's also denied any wrongdoing.
The bulk of their remaining claims were concentrated in states hardest hit by the scandal.
At least 73 suits have been filed in Massachusetts, where some of the most notorious abuse cases involving former priest John Gagan and Reverend Paul Shanley have been winding through the courts.
Gagan whose case sparked the crisis was convicted this year, far more than 130 others have accused him of arresting them.
Another 41 claims have been made in New Hampshire, where Bishop John McCormick has been on his scrutiny for his former role in supervising accused priest in Boston, and for his response to abuse claims when he became head of the Manchester Diocese,
at least 25 additional lawsuits have been filed in California.
In states where no new claims have been made, many old suits are pending, that ICC's of Providence, Rhode Island for example, is a defendant in 38 abuse lawsuits filed before January.
And some of the newer lawsuits spill over into other states, Wisconsin has got no recent claims, but a suit filed this year in California named the Milwaukee Arts Diocese is defendant.
Intense media coverage of the scandal is probably responsible for large number of suits lawyers say, the volume of causes increased dramatically, said attorney Darryl Papayon of Baton, Louisiana.
I'm truly talking to someone every day he said, Papayon.
Lawyers on both sides acknowledge that some people may be coming forward with false claims hoping the case in unavailable church, but shifts the Minnesota Lawyers as he believes the number of fake allegations was likely very small.
Steve Rabino, the Jersey Attorney's brought hundreds of abuse claims against the Catholic Church, said psychologists vet clients for him using polygraph examinations and other techniques.
Shultz believes the scandals brought forth what he calls marginal claims, people may not have been sexually abused, but experienced some misconduct by priest in the past, and been willing to let it go before they learned how bishops protected the abuse of clergy.
When I started doing this workout often point out that bishops that most victims would come forward first to the church and would only turn to the court system if the church didn't act responsibly, Shultz said, there's a lot they can do to prevent claims from turning into lawsuits.
Yeah, like harsh money. Rabino agreed that a bishops reputation redeeming with victims often determines if claims are mediated or lined in court.
Each bishop has a different approach to dealing with this, each state's got a different statute limitation, he said, there's a variety of variables that impact how dices are addressing this.
No one in the church has an official tally of number lawsuits filed before this year, Sylvia Demarest, Adalis Attorneys, been tracking abuse claims, says at least 1500 US priests have been publicly accused since the 1980s, 1500.
Even with a scandal dragging into it six month, new claims are still being made every day, you're not going to be able to stop this for being upset.
1126 at 560 WQAM. If you're looking for a big one, maybe like maybe father tool, we're talking about a big paycheck. Of course, that's what everybody aspires for making some serious bucks. Get out of that dead end job and pick up that phone or call our friends at fast train today because the demand for certified computer professionals has gone through the roof.
Call fast train toll free, they'll answer all your questions, get you on the road to a real job, making some serious money like I said. Call 1-866 fast train.
Summer classes are forming right now, if you call now, you can be certified in a brand new career before summer's over.
Fast train offers Microsoft certified instructors for convenient locations, including the brand new campus and Kendall, job placement assistance, they need in classes too.
And for those individuals who job was affected after 9-11, fast trains and operation paycheck training provider call them at 866 fast train right now or check them out on the web at fast train.com.
Fast train can have you certified and ready for that brand new career like I said only moments ago and as little as four short months. So call fast train today and start putting some real cash in a bank. Call 1-8-
Come on baby, come play with these titties.
Little Monica story coming up.
Well, he don't know where a stoke goes. I can see how there was some confusion between humor door and humid horror.
And then Arkansas, the term cedar box means the her naked stars reportedly to go in blind.
Oh, he was working hard late nights in the over the office working on a practical joke.
He took him back and knew though put an explode in loading for Monica was blowing rings of smoke.
Bill's a cause and Monica's a china.
Oh, right.
She let's out of giggle.
Every time he makes it we go. Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
But a cigar and her vagina she don't mind.
Or people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband.
Feel that Hillary was wrong.
Up in the Lincoln bedroom she was morning morning.
Our door was doing her with bills old bond.
Bill's a cause and Monica's a china.
She let's out of giggle.
Every fricking time he makes it we go. Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
Raccoon.
So I promised there a sure one Monica whiskey found an effective way of getting out of jury duty in Manhattan last Thursday by turning on the water works the New York Daily News reports
sources said a tearful of whiskey pleaded with court officials to let her go home saying she was still scarred from her dealings with courts during the Clinton impeachment scandal
She clearly was traumatized by the system said a courthouse official was spoke to the former White House intern she was in tears
She was doing a what's your name on her passions of when it's crime all the time I
Give up
The little scrawny mouse you looking when it's cry all the time that no not tabitha tabitha is a witch
You don't know your passions mister. Well, I don't when you want to know she's a spec. Oh, yeah, I know all the specs
Yeah, you should her mother is Pilar and her brother is our Luis and Miguel and what the hell is her name?
Okay, I got well anyway the lawyers on the case involving a firefighter suing this city as potential jurors
If anyone have a problem being impartial the whiskey indicated she could not be impartial sources said a lawyer took a recite and
Grilled her outside the presence of other jurors
Lewinsky tearfully told court officials she felt the firefighters lawyer was being abusive during the questioning
She was finally exuded from serving on a case get that lot of here
Teresa that's the name I'm looking for
Teresa she's always squirting them and I guess Monica probably watches passions when you think oh, yeah
In fact wouldn't surprise me if maybe like another he's back on a show Julian
We've sought a big stogie this week and goes after Timmy with it or maybe total or maybe both
You know, I'm thinking of myself. I'm playing at the Monica bit and he says something about your favorite topic
Back home doing her in a behind and you know the Catholic church. It's just amazing to me how well they brainwashed their flock
Because basically everything is sinful anything having to do with sex is sinful other than of course
Man and wife missionary position got him are gonna try to make a baby sex everything else is sinful right?
I mean anal sex which is kind of a music is always talking about how the Julios are all being bigger than anybody else in an anal sex they like their
ass and
Yet the Hispanics almost they be one of Miss Catholic so all new people you keep showing up there every Sunday
You keep dutifully doing your thing and mumbling the words and the standing up there and let them stick the wafer in your pose
And drink into wine into a old-either an idiotic crap going through the rituals and then you walk out of there thinking
Hey, I saw a bunch of crap. Why are they going why do they continue showing up?
Brainwashing like you said God everything
Certainly, I mean anal sex and we are gonna make no babies that way masturbation can make no babies that way
Precepts out of marriage sinful everything is a goddamn sin God damn it
Hey, I'll tell you something that's a real crime that I missed a Goomba festival
Actually what I thought I would do over the weekend that this coming weekend here
Go to the little Italy go to the Goomba festival probably a lot more fun
Which reminds me nobody has faxed me to warn me woman that the caravan
Fest is coming up here in Toronto. What a weekend. It's gonna be I hope it's not until July
Because I sure don't want to be here in the middle of that again two years in a row
I made the mistake and I wasn't even living here then I was just like you know coming up on a weekend
Oh two years in a row I hit the shfarts fest
Anyway speaking of that coke and a grove now you guys probably were there this weekend, weren't you? Oh, yeah the whole weekend
I just can't doubt just don't throw it for my apartment. Yeah, how many rocks do you throw?
For Haitian born Miami resident LA Regne a few South Florida events bring people together the way the coke on a grove
Goomba festival does
Look at everyone in the crowd said Regne a who grew up in the Bahamas before coming to Miami
Everyone is here not just Hispanics or Caribbean people or others, but everyone's here together
held annually in the grove for 26 years now the festival drew thousands of visitors to the stretch of Grand Avenue between Douglas
Rotten Mc Donald Street this past weekend
Hope you didn't miss that
Regne a music teacher at Dave County Public Schools proudly displayed his heritage in the wildly colorful costume
He wears when he plays saxophone with the Bahamas junk anew review
Oh, maybe they're gonna be on our list of one-hit wonders
Yeah, my be Bahamas junk anew review I
Have Haiti here, Regne said pointed the Haitian flag embedded in his sparkling head dress
Then pointing to the blue yellow and black of the Bahamian flag on the back of his costume and I have the Bahamas here
He's got it on both ends. Yeah, man
junk anew is a performance style based on Afro-Bahemia music and dance that started in the Bahamas when slaves were given a three-day holiday from their
Masters after Christmas the wild and hyper-canetic junk anew evolved during these periods
See you learn something else on his show today
How about you never heard of the junk anew before did you never there you go
Goomba organizers said they returned to the festivals American Bahemian roots this year by joining forces with the Bahemia government
To offer authentic entertainment such as visage one of the most popular clips so bands in Bahamas
We want people to leave here with an understanding of the Bahemia and American cultures and how they mix for everyone's benefits at Marsha
Jackman, I want to see related to Sarah Jackman
President of the Miami Bahamas Goomba festival in the Grove the all volunteer group that sponsors the festival
We also wanted to make it a family-oriented event
Well, let me ask you the seriously. I'm not being sarcastic. Is there like a
Like an Italian American festival that takes place anywhere in South Florida in South Florida right not that I'm aware of
Or like a Polish American you see what I'm saying. I don't think we have large numbers of those kinds of people in South
You've got you've got the spict thing there what they call Kaya Ocho and then you have this Goomba thing right how about like a
I don't know there must be large groups of other kind of people who like a Chinese festival
Of course, you don't have very many Chinese people not here
In fact, I got a good suggestion for the politicians from Mel Asman and the people of powers that be in Toronto this year
It's not too late replaced the Kara Bane Festival would like an all Chinese festival
Be sure boy, they got a lot of Chinese people here or what man incredible
Which is fine with me and spider y'all your cost of comments about Chinese gangs and all this time
You always conjure up the worst in every group, you know
Every time I mentioned about what nice people the the Oriental people are and they are Oriental we decided
Remember that argument. Yeah, remember hey you want to rock all the same to me
No, no, you're on the wrong side of it because you kept saying there Asians I wanted to be going by right today
We're saying Oriental is people would like the slanted eyes. I hate to say that but that's a real like Asian Asian can be Indian Indian people are not Oriental
Pakistanis are Pakistanis Oriental so Oriental is Oriental is okay
20 till noon at 5 60 I'm all over the place you wonder why cuz I got 600 more stories here about the churches in the place
I'm just loaded with it. I'm loaded with it. There's no end to it
Here's a simple question for you if somebody offered to give you several thousand dollars over the next few years would you just take it?
Huh?
Of course you would be stupid not to do it which makes it really really stupid to pass up a chance to refinance or buy a home at 3.95
Here's the deal when you calm down
You know Moe is gonna get you next time you meet you in a hallway. I'll guarantee you that
Here's the deal. There's a fanny-made program available 3.95% for both refinancing and purchasing of homes
Think about it. Just 3.95% already have to do is call financial group at this toll free number 1 800 9 4 0 5 363
That's 1 800 9 4 0 5 363 to be more specific
You can get yourself 100 grand with payments of only 475 bucks a month or get you 200 grand with payments of only
950 bucks a month you'll save yourself thousands of dollars and it would really truly be downright stupid the pass up a chance to do that
Do the math and do the next logical thing get the details by calling our good friends at financial group at
1 800 9 4 o'lenn be sure to tell that Todd direct to a day call by the way 1 800 9 4 0 5 363
There were an equal housing lender credit restrictions do apply and rates of something to change if you wait
Spread them and say cheese
What's up, mr. Foster?
Well, Steven I go in for a lap dance and all I get offered is a lap top
It makes your head spin their sexual conjures are easily solved by the folks in hell
Just give them a call and they'll hook you up with the right woman for you at the right price for you
Hey, Steven isn't this your dad's car?
No, you're gonna say it aren't you? Yeah, I guess but I think he knows
Dude you're going to hell. Let me say it again. Steven you're annoying baby get off my TV said you know in the beginning of those spots were
You know they were kind of cute. They were okay and
Now I don't know if you see him as often as I do. Yeah, yes, we do. Oh
Every time another one of those come on. I just
Pop my head up at the set and scream Jesus Christ God Steven get lost
1145 at 560 W. Kim we got Joe Rose for the mad dog today only one to three
I don't mean today only but I mean this week am I right about that this week? Did we get the whole schedule? Yeah? No? No look at that Friday
Now what does that all about?
I guess the mad dogs figured out like the rest of us how to get a nice busman schedule
He's only working three days this week tomorrow Wednesday and Thursday today. You got Joe Rose and then Friday Joe Rose at Hooters
Getting a really good assignments
Hey, Goldberg at Chula's at the three this afternoon Josh Friedman
Rounding out a very fat schedule at seven o'clock then of course you got Marlins on Dec. 7 30
Marlins of Kansas City 805 Eddie K after the baseball game, Julie Mark overnight
Josh Friedman now whatever happened with his stapling is public. I guess it all came back. Yeah
Now the the smell load didn't come back, right?
14 till
I
Thought you were always tell me when we first came to QA and you tell me that the bad smell was because he had a stomach stapling
It was like the pus from his intestines. I don't want to say this right alongside
I say that. Oh, I that was the impression I got before the stomach
Stuff but some others he always stunk is what you're saying
So there's another thing you learned on a short not even quite noon yet. You already learned a Josh Friedman still those things
Two brothers who say a precessionally touched them 13 years ago filed a lawsuit Friday against him the
Dices of Palm Beach and New York Dices. I'm gonna tell you that Palm Beach Dices man if they had prebles or what? Oh God
The brothers both of whom were adults when the alleged incidents happened saying their lawsuit that the two Dices
New or should have known a father Matthew Fitzgerald's dangerous and exploitative propensities as a sexual abuser
Dangerous and exploitative propensities as I say I love that
Fitzgerald 59 said Friday afternoon that he's innocent of any allegations of inappropriate behavior and believes that the lawsuit is motivated by money
Fitzgerald had been active with the Palm Beach Dices from 1989 to 1997 until two allegations of inappropriate behavior with adults came to light
The 97 accusations came five years after another misconduct allegation involving an adult had been leveled against him an accusation that I see said was not proven
He was forced by the I see to take a leave absence in 1997 and a retirement in 2000
Subsequently joining food for the poor South Florida's largest charity
But in April he was fired from that charity and stripped of his rights to act as a priest in an April 22
State in the I see said a repose his credentials because his presence as a priest in the area where his pattern of behavior is known
Would continue to cause further scandal prior to arriving in Palm Beach County in 89
Fitzgerald a bit with the Dices of Rockville Center on Long Island after Fitzgerald had a misconduct allegation level against him in 1992
The Dices of Palm Beach reportedly contacted his former Dices and learned there were prior reports of inappropriate behavior
The two brothers filed the lawsuit in Palm Beach County Circuit, according to the names John Does to shield their identities
One of the brothers who filed suit held a news conference Friday afternoon
The 33 year old said that when he was 20 years old Fitzgerald grabbed his crotch and whispered a crude sexual comment to him and they were loaned in his family's house
At the time Fitzgerald was serving at St. Ignatius Loyola Cathedral in Palm Beach Gardens
Fitzgerald also once suggested they take a trip to New York City together
But then they would have to share a hotel room the brother said wow
When contacted as pop it'll be told on Friday Fitzgerald said he has no idea who's making the accusations against him
He's never behaved as legend lawsuit. He said he believes the suit may be
financially motivated but declined to elaborate
How do you like that?
Come on, let's go on a trip to New York and we'll share the same hotel. It's only a one-bed deal by the way, but it's a queen
And here's a great one from the Aboston Hero. I love the headline
Because this is a story from Jackson, Mississippi so the headline says miss
Period miss conduct sudden priest abuse case cases haunt law
Miss conduct
Jackson, Mississippi a man who says he settled a priest sex abuse suit here two years ago for $43,000
I said yesterday his mother asked Bernard Cardinal law to intervene to remove his molester more than three decades ago
But law did not act on the request
The allegation is the second direct warning to law the one-time figure general of the diocese of Naxx's Jackson about a molester priest
The law failed to remove the allegation also brings to four the number of alleged molesters who served during his ten year here
I told my mother when it was going on my mother went to law she told him about they didn't do nothing
Mark Polensche of 46 of Haddie's berg said about his alleged molestation at the hands of Reverend Bernard Haddickon who died in New Jersey in
1996 after numerous reassignments
Polensche said Haddickon sexually abused him for about three years beginning when he was 12 and that his mother may reached out for help from law
Whom she said he'd gotten to know and both worked in the civil rights movement in the turbulent 60s
Boston Arts Dices officials declined comment on the Mississippi cases referring questions to the diocese of Jackson
Those officials did not respond to repeated calls but are expected to wish you a statement this week
The new allegation follows laws reported admission last week at a Boston deposition
That he failed to keep the Reverend George L. Broussard his post-friend in classmate and chose a phenium seminary in Columbus, Ohio
Away from children after being warned Broussard was molesting children
Witnesses at the deposition said law also acknowledge discussions about child sex allegations against another priest, but similarly did not act
Alas is how come he's not in jail yet by the way cardinal law can you answer that question for me? No, I can't
Alas who's being filed here early as today chart that's in the Jackson charges law with negligence resulting in ongoing molestation of Kenneth Morrison
37 now of Chicago and Morrison's brothers all the molested by Broussard a
Second suit on behalf of a sole plaintiff Angie Phillips charges that the Reverend Thomas voice now of Batesville, Mississippi
Repeatedly raped her in the 1970s beginning when she was 12 and
Phillips lawyer Anthony Simon said law was in charge with another priest the Reverend Paul Madden molested a Mississippi boy while on trip to Ireland
Bernie Law was at the Hamlet happens at Simon was also co-concil in the Morrison suit
In the Morrison suit
Broussard who has left the priesthood now lives in Horner, Louisiana
It charged with molesting boys at Jackson St. Peter's parish a prestigious cathedral kitty corner from the governor's mansion
The law was warned by Dr. Francis Morrison that Broussard was abusing boys at the time Morrison had no idea his sons were among them
Law did not act before he left Mrs. Sebedi become bishop of Springfield Cape Gerardo, Missouri in December 1973 Simon said
And this mystery goes on forever anyway because on for long ways
But the bottom line is he still didn't do nothing over and over again
He just shuffled them around if he did anything at all
This is from the Aboston Herald advocates for priest abuse victims will withdraw from lawsuit
Hope to participate in bishops meeting that big meet their holding their meeting Dallas on Thursday and
Adversity group for victims of sex abuse by pre-said yesterday
It'll withdraw from a lawsuit that prompted Roman Catholic bishops to bar them from this week's meeting on ousting predators from the priesthood
David Cahessi national director of survivors network for those abused by priest snap
Said his group wanted to remove any obstacles to talk to him will formally withdraw the lawsuit today
We don't want anything to get in the way of genuine dialogue that might ultimately benefit children close
You said and let her to bishop will and Gregory present in the US conference of Catholic bishops
We hope you see it as a tangible step-hired reconciliation and toward making the church safer
Or did he say the church and how they say to wingland beast the church? He's on the phone. Oh, he's not a phone with who I don't know
Well, let's find out maybe it's thanks bookie, huh?
He still doesn't know we're talking about him. Maybe it has to do with the interrogation the the inquisition that's going on
You know that whole thing is just fascinating to me. Yeah, that place is out of control if you ask me Josh
Josh is looking at the tapes right now good. Josh is checking the tapes out right now
If anybody can put his thumb on it. It's clearance clearance Darrow baby
System Mary Ann Walsh a spokesman for the bishops conference that you could not comment until today when conference administrators
Would have their first chance to review the group's offer
Chloe said been scheduled to address the bishops during the opening session of the three day meeting at starts Thursday and Dallas
He had members of snap along with other victims and also been invited me privately with three cardinals and dress a close session of the bishops
Panel advising a national policy on disciplining abuse of clergy a clergy what I just say clear time to finalize last Thursday
That same day snap joined a class action lawsuit in Minnesota against the bishops conference in several diocese
Seeking devoid confidentiality agreements and settlements with the victims
Gregory said the litigation created a legal barrier to discussion
He would do his invitation to clothe as he and snap and said he was very disappointed that his efforts to meet have been met with lawsuit
So they're trying to iron that out today in other developments in Baltimore the Reverend George Lozkarn was placed on leave of absence after he was
Confretted with an allegation of past sex abuse Thursday and admitted to it the Baltimore R. St. I.C. said he'd be admitted
It in Kettering, Ohio a priest who underwent treatment for touching a boy in a properly in 1988 was suspended after new
Allocation surface recently Cincinnati Archbishop
You said the Reverend Lawrence Stritt matter 69 is not the night the allegations archbishop Daniel Pallarchic told prisoners during masses yesterday
You think that's it
Is it
Massachusetts priest removed from post
But like well let's create set on CNN to a worldwide audience yesterday. It's just a little tiny handful
Yeah, maybe that's all they want to get is a little tiny handful
At least it's tiny when they start
Worcester mass now the beast knows Worcester right now like in the Western Central Mass
There's he's still on the phone
He's not stuff and that was Clarence updating me on the search at all and what he say he they're still coming through the tapes
And they are on a search on a building wide search and inquisition looking for
They're going room by room orifice by orifice. They're going in the
Roadster they're looking in the dumpster. They're looking everywhere man. They're gonna do fingerprints
Whoever's going around with us this morning, man, you're screwing it around people screw to the whole radio station
So, Clarence is all under control. He's got a stuff together and
By screwing with the logs, you know who they screwed with this time
The water Nazi I'll tell you one thing you know it's screw with an odd water Nazi whose favorite saying is don't f with my logs
Isn't that one of her favorite expressions?
Right so somebody not really screwed with their logs, but they stole them they they they yanked them
Got some real heavy-duty crap going on a QM
See everything was going too well the trend just came out the other day. We had those gigantic numbers
I we don't know how but the numbers just keep going up and up and I think it's just great
Everything's going along too well
Moe actually spoke to me a couple of words when I was there last week actually spoke to George in a hallway this morning
Didn't promote our show today or anybody else's on the station
But at least they you know he's on speaking terms with George now
Which is a step in the right direction stupid
1156 at 560 WQM thinking of painting your home or business don't paint protect your investment with
Liquid ceramic liquid ceramic the technology born in NASA's face program is available right now in South Florida
Liquid ceramic is the most advanced exterior interior and roof coating available
You two can have the same high-tech ceramic technology that shields the space shuttle protecting your home or building and you'll never ever
Have to paint again. That's correct liquid ceramic is guaranteed for as long as you own your home or building
So forget about repainting every few years liquid ceramic won't fade it won't peel its guaranteed this state of the art coating yields an R24
Insulation equivalency helping you bring those electric bills down to liquid ceramics available in over
1800 different colors so check out liquid ceramic today call 305
347 51 22 liquid ceramics been manufactured and sold for over 40 years in the good news for the people in South Florida is
It's available right there right now call 305 347 51 22
That's 305 347 51 22 or visit them on the net at liquid ceramic dot TV and when you call be sure and
As good as they sound only participating locations
This is how it David when I take my Felden I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour not George because he stupid
It's the bell Clinton talk show
Thank you. Thank you for joining me. We got a great show tonight my first talk show sector stay Colin Powell will be dropping
Dick Cheney will be here
President George Bush will be here and I
Know I guess you guys were so damn goble eat. I think those guys were really gonna show here
Anyway, you know last been pretty good to me after the presidency. I still see Hillary now and again
We went to a baseball game other day picture came up to me and whispered something in my ear and I leaned over to Hillary
And I said bleed it she took off the picture said wait a minute. I said throw out the first pitch
No, you know, but I met some nice women I met a woman nice girl speaks eight languages nice part is she can't say no in any of them
Oh, you know, I still like to stay fit. I went out jogging just the other morning. I tripped and
Dog gone of the fell right in the river and this little kid can swim and open to me and drags me out and I said
How can I thank you when he said well how about a new wheelchair? I said well
He sure don't look handy capy said I will be when my dad finds out I saved your ass
If I'm glad I got a talk show here, you know, it hasn't been easy to talk though
I've had a little problem with my voice so I went to a specialist and I asked the doctor the best way to stop losing my voice
He said stop eating your words
Well here's something weird you know, I went skiing out west and I'm looking in the snow there
And I see someone had relieved themselves and written Clinton must die in the snow
So I called the cops and then they took a sample of that yellow snow and called me the next day
And they said Mr. Clinton that yellow snow belonged to one of your best friends I own Gore and I said
Dying I knew I couldn't trust him. What could be worse than that? And they said it was Hillary's handwriting
Don't go away. We'll be right back
I'm gonna get on grampsy. I wouldn't hate to watch that stupid ass fight
They had this weekend a lot of people are belly. I can't their wasted their money on but nevertheless
1202 at 560 W. Q. A. M.
Massachusetts priest removed from post-woster can I get back to this please?
I interrupted myself about 20 times because you're gonna like this one a central Massachusetts priest has been removed from his assignments after the
Woster diocese was notified of an allocation of sexual abuse against him the Roman Catholic diocese on Friday removed the Reverend Raymond P.
Messier from his duties in a thal and Peter Shum after a lawyer told the diocese is that my son ever at a thal
asked to be from
How far is old ATH well?
Athel
He don't know and Peter Shum after a lawyer told the diocese that a woman led his messier molester nine-year-old son in
1980 messier is the sixth priest in the diocese that's been removed since February that's just in Wester
Six just in Wester since February arched diocese spokesman Raymond L. Delyle told the telegram and coseta
Wester that messier will not be engaged in any public ministry in the diocese or elsewhere
In keeping with our policy will cooperate fully with the DA's office and their investigation as allegation he said a message left yesterday at the
rectumary of St. Francis of Assisi and Atholsie can comment from Messier was of course not immediately returned
Messier was also assigned a St. Peter Church in Peter Shum and was chaplain of the eighth all-fire department
According to lawyer Carmen Durso
Messier was caught sexually abusing the boy at a Charlton camp owned by the priest's family
Wester bishop Daniel Riley said he'll meet with personally. There's to determine what additional assistance
It is needed by each the communities and ask for prayers for the elect to become in his family
Messier's removal came the same day that two men filed suit against Reverend Lee F. Bartlett and the Wester diocese
alleging sex abuse when the men were their early teens
Joseph P. Cody now of New Hampshire and Kevin A. Donnelly now
California said they were forced to participate in what they called the Greek Olympics while staying with a priest on Cape Cod
They alleged that while they were guest at Bartlett's Eastham home they were given alcohol
Photographed and pressured to run naked through the streets
Delal said that I see hasn't seen the suit and wouldn't come at a message left at the for Lee Bartlett and Wester was of course not immediately return
Nobody's return nothing okay including our sex of food
Riley removed Bartlett from active ministry and March after allegations of sexual misconduct surfaced
Yeah, let's run naked through the streets. Let's do the geek and Greek Olympics
Now here's the facts from our friend Detroit at balance for life who's apoplectic over this whole is
Seeing ours it wasn't bad enough. He stiff me over the weekend on Friday and Saturday or Saturday and Sunday that wasn't bad enough
But then of course he winds up looking really stupid with this whole thing that happened
They even threw no fault of his own the balance for live driver reports the bags were dropped off between 7 and 7
15 this morning what sounds about right?
Yeah, because that's about the time when I'm there that I usually come waddling in and you too and I'd usually sit in out there in that front desk
It says many power 96 vans were parked in front of the building at the time. How do you like that?
Yeah, as we try to put these clues together on the disappearing black sacks and the disappearing logs and
The disappearing sanity of QA and that seems to be falling apart of the seams
Oh, Ron Ron is back way Ron get a life were you okay? I appreciate all the oldies, but we're gonna start that tomorrow
Ron is out of control in addition to which we really don't need that much help from the audience
I don't think on that do we not if you have that size we got all these websites including them when the Eric recommended one hit wonders dot
Central dot com is that right I forgot I
Hope that's it if not the straight me out Eric that would be it
Now here's the facts from Toronto no less
But this isn't what I'm looking for oh, yeah, this is another wonderful thing
They have they have all kinds of festivals that go on here because there's all kinds of ethnic groups
They have like an Italian festival and they have all kinds of things it says each July on the first weekend after Canada day a
They celebrate the celebrate Toronto Street Festival transforms a series of key intersections on the same the city's famous young street
The longest street in the world into a series of amazing a festival sites
The celebrate Toronto Street Festival was created 98 as part of mayor last min vision to bring the people of the newly
Amalgamated city to run together in the spirit of celebration in civic pride yada yada yada yada this is not the one this is
I searched for a caribana caribia the only thing that I could find was this which was near the dates that you mentioned now
Now this is not the one oh well this this is one for like white people and Asian people and
You follow what I'm saying right I searched I'm not saying that there are gonna be any Afrokuners in this
There might be like one or two we would hope not but there might be one of them I'd say found associated with this they had some guy beating on a drum
Leading me to believe that this was the one mm-hmm. I'm not touching that you just keep digging your whole deeper and deeper stupid what
Because you make it sound like it like a jungle thing
And if you find the jungle one that's what I'm looking for anyway
We got a real asshole by the name of Glenn Garvin who writes a you know those papers dear
I think I'm gonna start a new policy not even check the herb of the Sun sent it anymore
Because you got such a bunch of Yahoo's that write in those papers
Now Glenn Garvin is the I guess new are you familiar with him writing TV stuff in here?
I never heard him before don't read the Harold
The new TV sex corpses and vulgarity and it's a very lengthy thing
But it's worth reading because it goes to show you the kind of goody two shoes that write crap in your newspaper down there
The he's the Harold TV critic Glenn Garvin so any credibility that it might have had before reading this piece of swill
He says 50 years ago when a married Lucille ball was having a baby on I love Lucy the network sensors wouldn't allow the use of the word
Pregnant this year on friends Rachel had a baby resulting from a one-night stand and on the day it was due tried to speed up delivery via a
Quickie sexual encounter with a male roommate
40 years ago Ozzy and Harriet had never had a scene of any kind take place in Nelson's bedroom
This year on Buffy the Vampire Slayer a fist fight between Buffy and a vampire turned into rough house sex so violent that it literally knocked the house down around them
30 years ago network official told singer Helen ready they would cancel her show unless she started wearing a bra
This year contestants on fear factor warded a strip naked on camera to stay in the game
20 years ago an outrage NBC sensor vetoed a Saturday night live sketch where Bill Murray and Gilda radoners
Nurtie characters put on a dopey high school nativity pageant you can't give newbies to Virgin Mary
You can't give newbies to the Virgin Mary this year Cameron Diaz hosted SNL and sang dirty children's songs that purported to be about
her suit selfish and rainbow kitty cats what that was her suit
Look it up HIR SUT. Oh see here. This is our women. Oh
Yeah, it's not pure pure in paranoia. This is not your father's broadcast TV TV once expected to be a polite guest in our living rooms as turn into a more of a drunken party
Crasher Glenn Garvin you're an asshole man
Sex violence and language that in earlier days would have triggered FCC threats and congressional investigations is now routine
Says showbiz historian and critic Michael Mevitt who's a real you know Michael Mevitt a real right wing asshole a
Real goody two shoes. He's like the bill vetted at television
He says I'm not sure I'd use the word shifting. I think the word collapsing might be more appropriate
You're thinking exaggerates comedian George Carlin used to do a routine called seven dirty words
You can ever say on television the ones that'll curve your spine grow her on your knuckles five of the seven and now been uttered on primetime
Air and no one doubts the last two one referring to the female anatomy the other to oral sex around their way
Every week the CBS crime show CSI features medallated corpses that would gag a maggot
Televised urination has become so routine that when FX is the shield had a cop whizzing on a suspect
Producer Sean Ryan Bragg that we shot in a very tasteful way as PC's go
That's a sort of comment that outrageous Laura Mahaney vice president of the conservative parents television council
Which is lobbying advertisers to boycott the shield?
What you've seen is a run to the bottom of the bureau where the networks are seeing who can put the filthiest stuff on the fastest
You never would have seen references to oral sex or inferences of oral sex even five years ago
How about during public eight huh bitch? I?
Guess that was okay when Ken star was talking about oral sex and put the filthiest crap that he possibly could there to titillate the public
Now all you now you hear it all the time even on shows today PM. It's like a freight train run a mock
Everybody's getting blow jobs everywhere you look how do you like that? And it's all because of television. It's all because of the president
It's all because of Monica Lewinsky and that goddamn cigar
And then it goes on at great lengths as whether or not you share Mahoney's the Mahaney's discussed it's hard to argue with their facts a brief
Chase lesbian kiss on the 10 p.m. L.a. Law scandalized the country in 1991 this season when lesbian witches on the 8 p.m.
Buffett of Ampire slay
Levitated because the oral sex was especially good it passed almost on notice see I hate to break the news to you
Glenn Garvin whatever on your name is but time is moving on okay. It's passing you by
Sometimes I feel that life is passing you by Glenn
So the fact that Jack par almost got canned for saying water closet on the tonight show on NBC about the
47 years ago whatever the hell it was
Now not only don't they say water closet anymore
But they actually talk about diarrhea and taking a crap and Mr. Whipple squeezing the shaman all this other stuff
Okay, how come Archie Bunker could say goddamn 20 odd years ago, but he came out yeah Glen Garvin
You're a goody two shoes. You're a real fossil is what you are. I'd like to know how old that guy is
Probably not on it or probably a young punk is older older guys about some real money
And you can be sure he works cheap if he works for the hero right in the column like that being the TV critic
Whatever happened to Terry Jackass remember Terry Jackass that worked with the hero was the TV critic
He probably got a real job at a real newspaper not that he was all that great, but sure surely wasn't right and swill like this
Get a life Glenn
12 minutes past noon at 560 WQ I'd be honest with you Bush is doing pretty good on our poll considering its our audience
357 votes how do you rate the job he and the administration be doing now?
He's a bozo and a disaster is leading 163 45 and a poor job is got 26
But you put those two together to unlike 53% right so 47% say he's either doing fair
Okay, or 68 people 19% say excellent. They like Bush
I do something you won't like his shopping around for mattress especially now and it's 172 degrees outside
What's the point what what what are you trying to be a professionally? I mean that's I guess
You don't have to run around all over town as it I mean if you want to go to the supermarket and buy groceries
I guess you got to do that
But mattress shopping you can have him come right to your door and bring you a great new mattress take away the crappy old
Butting if you do the smart thing call dial a mattress
Just make one easy phone call 1 800 mattress and they'll give you a stupenda service
You won't even believe how great it is because first of all you talk to somebody who really knows their stuff
You pick out exactly the brand and kind of mattress that you're looking for and it got the top makers in the world
Serta silly Simmons and King Coral they have unbeatable everyday prices that are just amazing and
They offer you delivery whenever it's convenient for you any to our window that you pick like between noon and two or between one and three or two and four
Or three and five or four and six etc
Any day seven days a week and of course because they've got such a fantastic stock the mattress you're looking for is always in stock
Ready for immediate delivery to no bait and swish and they give you that 30 day in home comfort trial to check it out
To by sleeping on it to make sure it's great for you in your back
So if your old mattress is lumpy and worn out if it's had it get you a great new mattress and a great night sleep for years to come
Like I always do call dial a mattress the smart way call 1 800 mattress
1 800 MATTRES or look them up on that wicked worldwide web
Damn binge
Ah
BK
Hi
Lee
My
Wastling sweetie!
But why are we stuck in his arms?
Please!
What?
Why?
If you think it's a flim-flim-flim-flim!
Hi, guys!
Do you like my eyes?
Want to get some night and straws and suck down some mytides?
I've been working out!
Want to feel my thighs?
You'll fly high!
How do you know if you never tried, guys?
Tonight I got a date, and I'm trying to get my head straight,
but I can't figure out which spice girl I want to impersonate.
And Dr. Gay says...
Sweetie, you're a queen!
Uh-uh!
Look at that, Wayne, boy, you're on the team!
Well, since age 12, I felt that my first mouth.
And ever since then, never fell, the chase in that tail.
Got pissed off and ripped my ex-boyfriends' nips off,
kicked him and said,
I didn't know Blistek made the pissed off.
Look, a fat pound of pole, then paint on my mole.
Or gas-me-control is my ultimate goal.
Come here, Slatt!
Wait!
Get away from me!
I'm your bro, dog!
I don't give a f-up!
I take them, so take your clothes off!
Hi, my name is...
Hi!
My name is...
Sue!
My name is...
It's just a flim-flim-flim-flim!
Hi!
My name is...
My name is...
What?
My name is...
It's just a flim-flim-flim!
Hi!
My name is...
What?
My name is...
Sue!
My name is...
It's just a flim-flim-flim!
Hi!
My name is...
My name is...
Hi!
My name is...
It's just a flim-flim-flim!
From 1965 to 1960, WDQ-A-M...
Here's the facts from Jay and Paul Meto Bay,
who learned his lesson this weekend...
Says, I turned on the radio Sunday,
I've never heard this guy call the crow.
How about you, B-M-E-B?
Troll-B-Meab-D-B-B-B-O-K-B?
Jay says he sounds like Gilbert on a bad day.
Gilbert on a bad day!
I thought it was a joke at first and I realized it was.
I will never listen to the radio on weekends again.
Still in shock,
Says Jay in Paul Meto Bay.
Going locker room in pump pump pump!
Yeah, that's Greg Reid's idea of radio right there.
You got it.
You got your thumb on it, Jay.
Don't make that mistake again.
So, how's the acquisition coming?
What scene by now?
They would have seen something?
Well, is this...
Huh?
Well, it seems they found out the exact time
when the bags were delivered.
Now they're going to go find that tape and look and whatnot.
Oh, God.
Now, my first explanation,
I don't want to start putting the finger blame on anybody,
but I will anyway for fun.
I'm thinking somebody from Power 96,
especially since there are all those vans out front.
Why would there be a whole bunch of QM vans out there?
Were they there when you got there?
This morning?
Right.
All of our vans are always here when we get here.
Oh, so in other words, Troll,
Troll is trying to be a big shot over there,
a balance for life.
He's trying to play like Kojak.
Oh, it's big in a cold check.
Guess what's on that screen channel that you can't get
that's on my digital cable?
The Nightstalkers.
The Nightstalkers on every Sunday.
I saw yesterday.
Sorry, sorry, you can't get scream.
It's a great channel and also driving classics.
It's got some of the campiest movies ever made.
Great stuff.
Rhode Island Gunman,
Complaint of teasing a culture of ribbing among employees
at the Providence Journal's production facility,
may have contributed to the frustration
felt by one man who allegedly opened fire on three
coworkers killing two and wounding another in Providence.
Call us Pacheco, a 20 year old employee at the Providence
Journal's production facility had cried this week about his job
and said three minute work.
We're taunting him said Patricia Bogey as Pacheco's former
system in law police said Pacheco 38 went on a shooting
spree Saturday morning.
Now, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Okay.
Oh, I see a 20.
I for a minute.
I thought it was 20 years old.
A 20 year employee.
He was 30 81 on a shooting spree Saturday morning of the
Journal's production facility and in the nearby
suburb of Warwick police later found what they believe was
his body in a Burdard vehicle.
Pacheco was accused of killing a supervisor, Robert
Benetti 38, then leaving the building and shooting
co-worker Charles Johnson in the face.
The body of co-worker Matthew Fendetti 29 was found
shouted at in his home a few hours later.
Eric Reynolds and insert her at the plant who had known
Pacheco for 18 years described him as a good quiet guy.
He said, and always beware of good quiet people.
He said there's a culture of good nature dreaming among
employees at the plant somewhere along the line.
He just flipped out Reynolds said Bob Veren who supervised
Pacheco for about 15 years also was a long time friend of
Benetti.
The supervisor was killed.
There's always good nature teasing, but one day a
person can come in and take it and the next day doesn't
want to hear it.
Veren said, and of course, that's the American effort.
And why now, whether it's kids being bullied in school or
somebody being ribbed on a job is you get pissed off.
You can't take it and just start blowing people away.
That's the new way because guns are good.
Guns are great.
That's what America's all about.
America was built on guns on a sea of guns.
Probably got 50,000 dead people every year because guns are
great.
That's why it makes me nauseous to look at the results of
our poll here on the president today on the NRA president.
On the in-run president.
But nevertheless, hey, you vote however you feel.
Okay.
Who the hell am I?
We had a terrorist arrest in Washington today that the
spick is spick a K a Muslim whatever the hell he is.
County issues thousands of anti radiation pills, not
don't get nervous, not they'd rower Palm Beach.
Why not?
I know why not?
Because you don't you're not getting any.
He just be glad you got your black sack finally from
Troy today.
You're not getting the radiation pills.
A suburban New York County Saturday handed out thousands
of pills meant to give residents limited protection from
radiation in case of disaster in a nearby nuclear power
plant.
Now we got turkey point.
Well, how come you're not giving me that's what I said.
Why is just your county officials are giving out free
potassium iodide tablets known as K I not to be confused
with K.Y.
K I to anyone who lives within 10 miles of the Indian
point nuclear power plant about 35 miles north of New York
City about 140,000 people live in that 10 mile radius.
People lined up outside a Yorktown Heights school to pick up
the pills, which can prevent thyroid cancer, if taken within 24
hours of a nuclear exposure, the pill works by preventing the
thyroid gland from absorbing radiation.
Officials said the pills would protect people long enough for
them to be evacuated from the area, but they warn that it's not a
panacea.
Why should your county spoke from a Victoria hotman told the AP
that 2617 people had picked up over 10,000 K I pills by the end
of the day Saturday.
These are not protecting it's everything in the nuclear
accident.
I think it's really important to emphasize said, Dr. Lauren
Wissner green a thyroid specialist at NYU Medical Center.
What it does do is decrease the ability of the thyroid gland to pick up
this radioactive iodine, which can cause a high incidence of
thyroid cancer, especially young children.
Indian points owner, the New Orleans based energy
corporation says its plan is to deny with multiple safety systems
and the prospect of the next end of the threat in the public is
unlikely.
That's what he said.
Baltimore, an FBI sting operation, have to research physicist
in Maryland after he showed up for what he thought was a meeting
that have sex with a 13 year old,
neural authorities announced Friday.
Federal prosecutors in Baltimore said George Chambers, a civilian
physicist with a naval surface warfare center near Washington is
in custody after arriving in a shopping mall in Columbia, Maryland
for an internet arranged rendezvous.
The affidavit filed in federal court in Baltimore says Chambers 45
entered an internet chat room called, I love older men, where he began
months of chatting with an FBI undercover agent posing as a 13 year
old girl.
Why are there a lot of stupid people out there?
What at least then I just looked at each other like, God, if you were so
inclined, man, what are they going to learn?
I'm going to go to that website called bust me, please.
Yeah, called assholes.com.
Massacus.com.
The court documents says Chambers, they do you want to meet the girl
for the purpose of having sex with her?
Hey, if an avid says it's an interrupt you, but this is a very
monumentous occasion.
Okay, wait a minute.
Go ahead.
We have the logs.
All of them.
Okay.
Wait a year to this story.
Okay, well, let me do the break because I don't want to interrupt this.
Okay. All right.
Stand by for a very like they've always seen news, news break on CNN every
time like something rather like before they had news break and then come
to the US, you know, it has to win their next game to stand in the
World Cup.
Like that's a news break.
We got some real breaking news coming up here on QA momentarily, folks.
Big heavy duty stuff.
We got the logs and the tapes are being surveyed and
surveilled as we speak and the inquisition continues.
This has been the year of the inquisition at QA and we're pretty excited about it.
Okay.
1226 at 560 WQM, your psychotic station for the new decade and the new century and the
new millennium.
Summertime's already there.
Just stick your head out the window and man you'll pull it back in in a hurry
like a turtle because it's hotter than hell.
But only a medicine product that will help you feel your best and keep you in good health
all year round even during the inseparable summertime in South Florida.
Oliomedes' soft gel capsula contains the best olive oil that money can buy along with
combined with vitamins and minerals and herbals to promote health for all different parts of
your body.
For your prostate, your heart, your blood pressure and cholesterol.
Oliomedes also got supplements for all health and your circulatory system.
Your digestive and endocrine system, your skin and bones, even for your mind,
all using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil like I said the best
of money can buy.
And Oliomedes got products for men and three ladies out there too.
Oliomedes available at Walgreens Whole Food Markets Tomorrow Pharmacy in Sedanos too.
Pick some up at your nearest store or call for more information about it if you like
and they'll tell you exactly what it does for you.
Call tool for E-1866 Oliomedes.
That's 1-866-OL-E-O-M-E-D or other products on their website too.
Stoogers and the Marks Brothers and pick out better leadership than we got.
E-Tays in 1 on sportswear E-O-5-CT.
They're in 2-Q-A-M.
It's D.
Make your Miami Town at 5-6-0-W-Q-A-M.
Q-A-M is not a happy place.
No.
It's a guy damn crappy place.
Uh-huh.
Wear everybody hate.
Uh-huh.
The sight of your face Q-A-M is not a happy place.
Jesus Christ.
It's a stinkin' big disgrace.
Q-A-M is not a happy place.
Oh no.
Rock worshippers who love O.J.
Backstaffing reprobates.
The equipment always breaks.
It's a hot and smarty place.
Q-A-M is not a happy place.
No.
A real depressing place.
Q-A-M is not a happy place.
Whoa.
I'm so worked up about this bullet.
Now we got it coming here.
I went in the refrigerator.
Got me just a little piece of low fat cheddar cheese.
Pretty good.
Sounds good.
Yeah.
So what's the story?
Okay.
This is pretty funny actually.
So uh- Joe Rose's mailbox in the control room.
Yeah.
Right there where they keep the logs.
Yeah.
So evidently maybe they got stuck in his box.
And when he came in Saturday to do a show,
he noticed there was a bunch of stuff in his mailbox.
Oh no.
He wants to crap.
Oh no.
So he took it home to go sort through.
So he's got a big heart on.
So I guess he came in this morning and was just sorting through his stuff to get ready for his show.
And uh-
Producer just happened to be sitting there and saw the logs and his bunch of mail stuff
that he was about-
He's an asshole.
He was about to throw away the logs.
He's an asshole.
Because he didn't know what they were.
So he figured they were junk.
He's an asshole.
So if Joe Rose wasn't feeling it for Mad Dog today, we would never see the logs.
He's an asshole.
Nice going Joe.
Now you know why they come to the little dog.
Blockhead.
All of these things.
That still doesn't solve the balance for life,
mystery though.
Well no, but now that we know that nobody stole the logs,
that tells you to be on a shadow without nobody took the sex because they never got delivered.
We're still looking for the tapes.
What do you mean they're looking for the tape?
Well because it's the last nice tape so they have to go find last nice tape.
Ah!
Well that's okay.
We'll drag it out.
So the big mystery, the big acquisition area is much to do about nothing.
Come to fight out that Joe Rose is a dumb joke is what he is.
And took the logs home.
That's no fun.
No, and especially when you work like about one day out of every two months like he does now
on a station, why would he assume he gave it a big,
big, go-shmit load of mail like that?
Because he did it.
He had it piled up.
He gets a lot of fan mail.
I'll just continue.
1233-560-WQYM, the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee,
said yesterday significant numbers of people from inside the government were coming forward
with new information on U.S. intelligence failures related to the 9-11 attacks on America.
B.D.I. Senator Bob Graham, Florida Democrat, said some of those offering information
to the joint investigation of the Senate House Intelligence Committee were emboldened
by the recent disclosures of FBI whistleblower Colleen Rowley.
He also said it was becoming clear there are some people who deserve to get sanctions
as a result of what they were doing before 9-11.
We're already getting significant numbers of people coming to us,
either in person or with materials that hadn't been previously known, Graham told CBS's
Face the Nation program.
I think the testimony of Ms. Rowley has given encouragement to folks inside the federal bureaucracy.
In other words, one whistleblower steps up and then all of a sudden everybody wants to blow it.
Senator Richard Shelby, the ranking Republican on the Senate Senate
Select Committee on Intelligence, said such failures extended beyond the FBI and CIA
to the super secret National Security Agency and elsewhere.
Shelby also said the sweeping plan for a new Department of Homeland Security proposed last week by
President Bush did not effectively address the failures of intelligence gathering uncovered so far.
In a stinging letter to FBI director Robert Mueller, Rowley questioned his handling of information
and accused FBI headquarters of hampering field agents from fully investigating Zachery's
Musawi, the officials now believe intended to become the 20th hijacker in the attacks.
Absolutely not, it doesn't address the intelligence problems that we have.
Shelby told the CBCBS program, this is a proposal of Congress has got to look at carefully.
Graham added we're going to have a full discussion on this plan and then we'll come out with a better plan.
Shelby said the public would be hearing of more instances of FBI and CIA intelligence figures
beyond the FBI's failure to connect the July Memblebuy and Agent Phoenix concerned about
Middle Eastern men possibly connected to Wassau Mabin Laden taking flight lessons to the
year August the rest of Musawi Minnesota. We will and I add to that NSA and other members of
intelligence community Shelby said we're going to find that there were a lot of missed opportunities
and a lot of it will go back to lack of sharing of information. I do like that huh? I don't
and lack of manpower and lack of coordination and lack of financing because we're too busy with a
freaking war on drugs and I don't want to you know pee on anybody's parade but since that previous
article mentioned the 43 million dollars that Colin Powell cheerfully presented to the Taliban a year ago
a May year ago last month as a matter of fact just 13 short months ago 43 million and they had
some show on air again last night I forget where the hell it was about how they were pressing the
people. Oh I know what it was it was about the zoo in Kabul the reopening of the zoo and how they
had to save some of the animals and so on. I guess it was on the National Geographic when I was
channel surfing and they showed all these little story I'd kids you know who hadn't been able to
go to the zoo and I'm thinking to myself here we knew that the women were being treated like dirt
like 50th class citizens right even the men had to wear their hair to a certain length they were
being repressed there were there were no liberties of any kind soccer players were getting their
feet cut off this was one of the most brutal totalitarian regimes in the history of the human race
and yet we didn't give a flying crap we couldn't care less about the Taliban we couldn't care
about anybody's rights over there and as long as they agreed to stop growing a poppies over there
for the opium hey no problem we'll give you 43 million because you'd be nice guys now it was
only after the attacks then we decided they were evil doers up until that time they were okay in
our book I realized that's a that's a bitter pill to swallow while you're waving your little flag
there with the 50 stars and all the other bull crap and that's a bitter pill to swallow but it
happens to be the freaking truth and what a wicked wicked price we pay if we never learn our lesson
you know whether it's in Chile or in the caragua or wherever the hell it is we never learn our lesson
always can or whether it was the shaw of Iran we always conspire with scumbags and as long as
there are scumbags they're okay in our book speaking of this Coast Guard warns of waterfront
threat and you notice since the since the whistle blowing started now everybody's screwing around
to cover their ass oh we got threats so we got scuba divers we got people are going to come out
from underneath the fire hydrants everywhere under your bed don't even be too sure about your mama
up out your toilet right up front from the toilet bowl if there's a big hand that comes out of
there guarantee it won't be Mr. Whipple it won't be the tidy bowl man it'll be an evil doers
the U.S. Coast Guard has related information of a new national terrorist threat from scuba divers
or swimmers along the nation's coastline you see a scuba diver an original maritime threat report
went out Friday in a government official said yesterday that the maritime industry including
ferry boats and cruise ships was notified by the Coast Guard the official would not speculate
on scenarios or targets or discuss specific security actions taken by the Coast Guard or the
security agencies a Coast Guard official in Washington told CNN the report was carefully
thought out to get the word out to the right people a threat report was based on additional
information that came into more than one federal agency involving both scuba divers and swimmers
the official said see somebody swimming in the water get them federal law enforcement recently
has been checking with scuba shops and dive schools to corroborate information already received
a U.S. Coast Guard commander said yesterday that a warning and news release issued by the Puget
Sound Washington Coast Guard unit was a little bit too aggressive and it had been misinterpreted to
be limited to the waters of Puget Sound when effect it was part of the national news threat alert
issued Friday night but it was the Puget Sound units release of information now thought to be mistaken
now thought to be mistaken that triggered Sunday's clarification by the Coast Guard
Coast Guard commander Jim McPherson said he could not say what agency had initially issued the
warning nor could he discuss specifics of possible targets McPherson also said the alert was a
new message and that the Coast Guard was working in conjunction with the FBI in additional maritime
threat reporting in other words they haven't got a freaking idea what's going on how do you like that
but we do have this arrest today let's hear how many people are actually on the grounds there at the
time oh look at this no I don't know how many are there a conception they killed one wounded in Missouri
uh Abby shooting I'm not sure how many people actually live there are there each day though I would
guess uh 50 to 100 people would be there each day uh more guns we're getting from the scene which
is pretty remote in our state uh we think we have at least three fatalities and one injured but we
think the countable higher boy that's amazing do you know who the shooter wise was a shooter
a member of the community there no we have no idea like said we have officers on the scene the sheriff
of not away counting will be handling the uh the reports and now what exactly is an Abby
like a church well I know that but I mean why do they call them an Abby I don't know I mean like
people are right letters there do they write like dear Abby I don't know well we'll find out I'm sure
anyway shooting at a Missouri Abby it's like a North Cuck concept conception junction in uh
extreme northwestern Missouri 1240 at 560 WQM Father's Days here make dead feel special like getting
him a comfortable new pair of athletic shoes from our good friends at new balance stores but I love
my newest pair they're the best I've ever had they are neat nifty new balance you'll find in
pinecrest adventure and book a retumbor they got fantastic prices for you and a whole family
on the world's best athletic shoes and right now till Father's Day by any new balance you and get
you a free cushion support in solar thirty dollar value I love these new balance shoes that I'm
wearing my I'm not wearing them right now I got bare feet but as soon as I go out to the
Robbie Warnham and man the comfort they give you and your feet feel great this is the way to go
so go to new balance where the staff knows footwear and your feet like nobody else and they still
measure with the old fashioned way the length of the width and your foot too to make sure you get
a perfect fit each and every time new balance stores don't forget three locations for you in South
Florida in Miami's Pinecrest they're on the second floor of the Evans-Romall and in bulk in the
town center or check them out on their website if you like a new balance Miami dot com and don't
forget until Father's Day by any new balance shoe and get a free cushion support in solar and be
sure and tell them that Neil sent you by but hurry because the offer is
you
trouble with Father's Day gifts in the past
hey you go dad happy Father's Day what you get me this year
a manicure what happy Father's Day what you get me this year a petty cure what do you think
it happy Father's Day a rumble therapy candle are you on drugs and a strategy reading I don't
want that crap this year get dad something he needs you go dad happy Father's Day anger management
classes what anger management classes had to write you little bitch like me you fat bastard
1245 at 560 WQM I'm just looking at this article I have from the globe about Chelsea yeah Chelsea
baby shocker and I'm thinking a great poll to take one day after we finish our one-hit wonders
the ugliest first lady or daughter of any president in the last 50 years 50 years
oh how many people do uh do we remember Eleanor Roosevelt I don't remember what she looked like
oh man gonna be hard to top her you got Amy Carter okay Miss Lilian
and you have Barbara Barbara Bob Bush Chelsea I tell you Chelsea and and Eleanor Roosevelt
are Miss Lilian hard to pick amongst them and Amy I don't remember I know she was grow test
but I can't remember exactly what you looked like look like her dad oh kind of look like the
outside of a bruise rectum did first former first daughter by two pregnancy test kits his pal say
she wants to be a mom soon asked the globe love struck Chelsea Clinton is telling
it's something she ought to kiss the ground that anything even close to being alive not that her
boyfriend is much but the cloud would even touch her she is nasty man love struck Chelsea Clinton
is telling pal she wants her boyfriends baby and some fellow students believe she's already pregnant
Chelsea is glowing says one friend she looks so happy and so much in love the former first daughter
was seen buying two clear blue pregnancy test kits on special for 15 bucks at a pharmacy close to
Oxford University in England and England where she's studying according to a person who claims to
have witnessed the purchase the source close to the university newspaper says the moment claimed
to be shopping in the store and called to tip them off he declined to have all the name of the
source but added she said Chelsea was smiling as she waited for the package she's waiting for a
package according to her Chelsea didn't see more or her concern she just let the kits into her bag
told us that the counter-resistant then raised her eyebrows and said that's Chelsea that ugly bitch
that's Chelsea just days later Chelsea called off a long plan visit to Chicago to appear on Oprah
the show was about TV and children she was scheduled to talk about the passage she's penned for a new
book by professor James B. Steyer who taught her when she was a student at Stanford it was recorded
May 17th without Chelsea at aired May 20th rumors began to circulate around the ancient halls and
corridors of Oxford that Chelsea was having fellow student Ian clouses baby it didn't want to fly
she won't answer any questions says her student pal but the thing is that she's in the family way
and does mind a bit she kept saying how much in love she is and how she wants a baby with Ian
oh can you imagine what that baby's gonna look like oh god
her eyes were shining she just gushed about him where soulmates will always be together she told me
I just want to share his life I want to have Ian's baby she said forced sterilization baby
for both two lay now I guess huh if ever there was a postage child for forced sterilization it's
Chelsea Clinton stop and think about Elanarosevelt mislullion Amy Carter and
Chelsea oh man 1249 at 560 WQ and we got the absent-minded professor Joe Rose for a mad dog
a one if he remembers to show up he's already here no I know he's already there with a program
logs but what a no wonder he got keen you know what because he was kind of stupid all over
entertaining his own bizarre dumb shot way yeah but it was kind of stupid hey pop it up park is where
it's in fact Mark major I want a salute Mark major I think it's the first time I've ever cashed a
ticket I mark major well he didn't do a lot of driving at Pompadopar but Wednesday night that was
my last night till October Pompadopar and Saturday and Wednesday two wedding night not a whole lot of
money not enough to like for turnpike tools but two wedding nights back to back it's an omen so thank
you Mark major wherever you are railing me out the last race at Pompadopal on Wednesday you want to go
have yourself a good time every Wednesday Friday and Saturday it's live harness racing in its
best at Pompadopar post time 7 30 at a p.m. free general parking free clubhouse and grand senate
admission every afternoon evening and of course you got sign-up testing every day seven days a week
starting at noon with highlight harness and thermo action Pompadopar offers you the only
nighttime horse racing action in the entire state here the thundering hooves and root humble winner
from outside the track apron where you can nearly reach out and touch the horses or cheer for your
favorite horse from our fifth floor sports park and when you're out there at the apron be sure and
shout a wally henna see how's it going a every Wednesday is done on a Pompadopar could grab your hot
dog so-to-large pretzel or popcorn only a bucket piece and Wednesday Fridays and Saturdays when we
have live racing at Pompadopar we offer a special audience can eat buffet on the fourth floor
players lounge soup salad tons of veggies main entrees to choose from and great desserts all for one
low price be sure to get there early before fad rich because otherwise there won't be much left
also Friday and Saturday there's a carving station with turkey ham prime rib pork or flank steak too
Pompadopar where the action is located on power line road a block south Atlantic Boulevard horse power
you can go going on now
thank you cold rain we days are free on sports radio 560 QAM push the bus and max
I can't wait to get the flip of this whole little turning general game
you go driving cross country in a brand new 18-wheeler
I might fall around the heavy load or just disconnect the trailer and go behind janan
oh and I'll be trucking on down the road I'll have a chicken fried steak with every choking
two guys and five and if I'm eating filly then I'll ask her if she needs a ride
when I pull over at a resting place I'm gonna wrap her legs around my face
because I am janan green oh and I'll be trucking on down the road
the fellows at the weighty station ought to know that those who work at night
and by the next mile mark girl how the filly by my side
and with the steering wheel between my legs and the filly sitting on my brakes
I'll be janan green oh and I'll be trucking on down the road
yes I'll be janan green oh and I'll be trucking on down the road
254 560 WQAM only a six minutes away from Joe Rose for the mad dog and one thing we found out
today if we had any doubts about Joe stupid yeah speaking of janan Reno that's the reason I played this
no that's that's on it I love oh in fact let's do that again stupid yeah one moment please
uh
uh
uh
dear field beach the fictional president of the west was in south florida on saturday promoting the
candidacy of a woman he'd like to see in the governor's office in real life is she got any
chance no she got the china man's chance in hell no martin sheen spent a weekend with former
attorney general janan Reno adding star power to her to her bid to convince voters she can
defeat and come in jan uh governor jublish in november i'm tongue tied just thinking about the
prospects which are none and much less than none one of the person my job as acting uh
president of the west is that i get to meet some of my heroes which is very gratifying zijin
who plays president joseiya Bartlett on the highly rated series the west wing he pointed
to Reno as one of his heroes and said he was a huge fan the three day campaigns when he started
fried and i with the fundraiser at the bill more hotel magables saturday morning's rally at
cemetery village do more than seven hundred supporters who rarely let Reno finish her sentences
before bursting into applause they kept going oh boy others and attendists included a slew of
local politicians and one time democratic gubernatorial opponent lowest franquil democratic west
bomb beach who dropped out of the race on thursday while franquil did not give her endorsement she
spoke forcefully against bush and embraced Reno who leads in a pulls for the democratic nomination
but also trials the governor by double digits by a whole bunch a year ago we all thought the next
election would be about the last election about votes not being counted franquil said it's not
Not about that, it's about people being discounted by an arrogant governor.
Reno speech touched on class sizes and teacher salaries, health care for senior citizens,
and growth management concerns.
She also continued with both the name of William Wilson, the missing Miami 5-year-old, who
was supposed to be out of the state's watchful eye.
I don't want this to be a state that loses its children, that walks out on its children,
then neglects its children, Reno said, I want it to be a state that cares about children,
and drags them kicking and screaming out of the abrum closet.
In spite of the fishermen, I'm sorry.
Senior citizen Lee Bailey, a dear field beach resident, said she was pleased with Reno's speech,
and was hopeful, though not convinced that Reno can overcome bushes leading the polls,
with nearly five months to go on a race.
Reno and she later went to a rallying Democratic Hispanic caucus, dinner and dance,
in Orlando, in a period at a rally in Tampa yesterday.
They went to a dinner and dance at the Democratic Hispanic caucus.
How do you like that? I bet there was a big gathering there, huh?
In Orlando.
Like I said,
love this story if I have time from the New York Daily News.
He's a regular guy. He's a model neighbor who walks the dogs,
just like Myrlansky used to, and spends a lot of time at the local Little League field watching
his grandkids play baseball.
Does that sound like a man reputed to be the new boss of the Gambino crime family?
The day after Peter Gotti and 16 co-defendants were arrested by the feds on a host of
labor racketeering extortion and gambling charges, his son insisted his dad is only the boss at home.
I don't know where...
