Get him on with this.
This is South Florida's only real Swat season.
WQAM, Miami Fort Lauderdale,
a reason broadcast group feature.
MWQAM.com.
World, world, world, world, world.
David's a bitch.
It's Friday, you bastard.
That was a classic, baby.
That was just exactly what I thought it would be.
And like I said,
she starts out real sweet and friendly.
And then she gives me like a grilling like I'm on a witness stand here interrogating me.
We don't have the answer to you.
And we don't have to like Congolese or George W. Bush or Al Gore or Jewel.
We don't have anybody else.
Like a post, just a video show and also up there.
I'm stopping it.
This doesn't include the call.
Yeah, the first one though.
So that's the third one though.
Right, the first one is the whole of the call.
Well, that's the one I had queued up and he said,
oh, the third one's a good one.
See, God is punishing you for your association with this program.
That's why you lost $100 bill.
That's why twice in one week the audio vault is all screwed up.
And fat Julio, the engineer's got to come in here and bail your ass out at the last second.
Here's Heather from Fox News.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
I'm okay, I think.
Thanks for taking her call.
We've been trying to reach you for the past couple days.
We're trying to reach me.
You've called people I haven't been invented yet.
You've called dead relatives of mine.
What's the story, Heather?
We are working on a story about the CD you're promoting on your website.
That's called Chissa.
I won't say it.
End word. Good morning.
Heather, are you listening to the show?
I guess I am.
I've been listening to Ask a couple days.
And just see that.
Well, wait a minute.
Did you hear me go through the entire rationale of what that song had nothing to do with Candeliza Rice?
Uh-huh.
What about the song Candeliza Candeliza?
That's obviously about Candeliza.
Uh-huh.
And I want to know why you're playing this on your show.
Well, I'd like to know why.
This is really interesting.
Why are you calling me asking me why I should play this?
We have song parodies about Bill Clinton dozens of them.
Nobody ever complained about that.
We have song parodies about Al Gore dozens of them.
Nobody ever complained about those.
Well, there's an African-American folks up here in New York who are pretty offended by it.
Well, wait a minute.
Let me say this to you, Karen.
We're not in New York.
Uh-huh.
Okay, we don't broadcast in New York where I'm WQM in Miami.
And the fact of the matter is that except for people like you and the people at that right wing newsmax.com
who want to make a big stimulus about this, if it weren't for that they wouldn't even be aware that we exist.
Okay.
The other thing about this organization that's offended by it is a national organization.
But the fact of the matter is we've been playing these songs for many, many, many months.
We've never had one single complaint.
And when interlopers like you from outside, like from Fox News or from some right wing website,
want to tell us what I mean for you to ask me how come you're playing that because we want to play it.
Okay, Neil, but what's comedy?
What is it?
What does it do for you?
It's called comedy.
It's called comedy.
That's what it's called.
Do you have a sense of humor?
Do you think it's funny?
And it's called comedy.
And it's a comedy.
And it's a fun.
And it's a fun.
And it's a fun.
And it's a fun.
Well, Harry Belafonte called her the house Negro.
Okay.
So we'll call her whatever we want.
But this is a little bit different.
I mean, he was taking issue with some of the least bit difference.
No, it's not the least bit different.
She is the house Negro.
So you people at Fox made out understand this.
Not everybody in the world is the right wing or like Rupert Murdoch.
There actually are those of us who are progressive or moderate liberal, whatever we are,
who also have the right to speak to express whatever hell we want.
So repeat again what you just said for me there.
You think she is or what?
She's the house Negro.
Uh-huh.
And you don't find anything wrong with that.
Well, what do you mean wrong with that?
It's a fact.
That's my opinion.
Am I entitled to my opinion?
You're certainly entitled to your opinion.
And that's basically what Harry Belafonte said as well.
And this is why nobody returned your calls.
Heather, whatever your name is.
Because we knew that you were trying to stir up a bunch of crap
and take something out of context.
When I asked you, did you listen?
Did you listen?
You guys have been playing it.
We're not doing the Bellarolli show.
Okay.
It's my show and I'm not going to have you scream over me.
You're trying to talk me.
Okay.
It's not going to work.
Okay.
So I asked you in the beginning of the conversation, which I was very calm and I asked you,
did you hear me explain the origin of that song, the rest of the Tusion song,
the fact of the matter is that I'm sure he must have been on your channel Randall Kennedy,
the Black author who wrote the book, Nigger, The Strange, Career of a Troublesome Word.
Not that I'm aware of.
Well, he was certainly on CNN.
He was on MSNBC, and he was on Fox because he was no route.
I don't know if it was Oscar, didn't he?
We weren't aware of it from Jack Kennedy.
We all have good questions for you.
Are you aware of that book?
You portray yourself to be the sort of liberal voice.
But yet, you're...
I don't portray, I don't put labels on me.
I'm, for example, when I call your public, I echo myself a human being.
You see, you people on Fox, it's this old liberal and a conservative,
that stuff went out with high-button shoes.
I'm thinking, living and living, living.
In addition to what, why do I have to add Miami, Florida,
answer to some assholes in New York on Fox News, how I do my show?
What is it, your business?
There are a lot of people who care, there are people in Miami about this too.
Who are they?
Who are they?
Who are they?
Name me one person in Miami who's concerned about it.
Both we know down there, certainly, and I've got...
Name me one!
Name me one!
It's offensive.
Name me one!
Name me one!
Name me one!
I don't care what you say.
And we don't like cobbling her.
We don't like cobbling her.
We don't like cobbling her.
We don't care what you say.
We don't like cobbling her.
We don't like cobbling her.
We don't like cobbling her.
We're calling her whatever we feel like, she's a public goddamn figure.
Bitch.
And blow it out your right-wing ass and you and Bill and by the way, O'Reilly didn't make the number zero.
Oh, no, Lisa.
Hero.
Anyway, it's a 906 and 560 WQI.
I'm happy you're Friday too.
That's the Heather, our friend from Fox News.
If we can get her call once a week, we'd have a 90 share.
Oh!
Call us again next week, Heather.
We'd love to hear from you.
With more of your contrived horse crap.
Here's this bitch calling us because she's obviously been pulled up to it.
First, she's pretending to be a producer.
Then she comes on and she's like trying to out-shot and she's gonna do it talk to you.
And she's grilling me like I'm on a guy they might understand.
Well, how come you say this?
That's my opinion.
How do you like that?
I don't have to justify it to you or anybody else.
The people from Fox don't tell us what to say on here and guess what?
We don't need it as anybody else yet.
Yet.
Now maybe after Tuesday that'll change, although with all the Harvey Pitt business and the Haitian business,
things seem to be taken a turn for the worst as they say in the sausage factory.
For the right wingers, they seem to be taken a turn for the worst,
which maybe explains why they're so panicking and hysterical.
And you can read your newsmax.com and you can get all the lyrics you want
and get all the right wing paranoia you want.
And I think, like I said yesterday, this was the day that Fox News Network,
for anybody who had any doubts about the fascist news network, they out of themselves.
They came out of the closet as your official standard bear of right wing repression,
censorship, and paranoia.
That's what they are.
So thanks very much for calling Heather,
but I'm glad that we were able to do it on the earth so we could show the whole world
what you're really all about, you people, you people.
Yeah, you're kind.
You want to show here, Miami, and you know, if the people out there are complaining,
I asked our operations managers and program director of the janitor.
I asked somebody out in the parking lot, I didn't even know who Nelly was.
He heard any complaints about the rest of the Tusson song, about Condoleezza.
He said, no, we like that stuff.
We think it's funny as crap.
Why are you playing it?
Because we feel like it.
How about all the goddamn parodies we got on Hillary?
Anybody ever complained about those? No, they love them.
We ever get any complaints about the parodies we play about Mo?
No, as a matter of fact, we get requests because it's time to get it off.
We bet. They love them.
We're not interested in having the, and if there's some organization again,
it's going to try to muscle us, it's going to, yeah, screw them.
Okay?
Screw them.
In addition to which, you know, if there were, we'd hear from them directly,
not through some intermediary.
Maybe Fox News is the Pimp Network.
Just like Jim Sarni is the, what's the name I got for him?
Now I got his column.
They, what a clown this guy is.
He's the QAM spin room column.
Every Friday in the Sunsino.
Thanks a lot, Jim.
Even Muff was in here earlier soon.
Boy, that guy's like, he's like molding putty in your hands.
Yeah, he's like playing with Play-Doh.
I guess that's what Muff did on Halloween to play with Play-Doh.
And Socrates.
At any rate, he writes this morning about QAM signing for two more years with a Marlin.
Oh my God!
Well, you know, it kills some time.
That's what it's a kill some time at night.
Jeep.
Must have got a hell of a day.
Probably their panacea curious.
And so Jim Sarni says, there are baseball fans inside Florida.
They just don't tune into the games.
They're ratings went from a three-six last season up from a disappointing two-five in 2001.
And then he quotes Muff Lindsay Sand.
Baseball does well here.
And Marlins are an important part of our summer programming.
In other words, we got it cheap and it kills some time at night.
And it sure gets better numbers at night than the Panthers,
which there's nobody listening in a wintertime for hockey.
Because nobody knows here from hockey for me.
By the way, those Leafs tied Atlanta last night.
I know are we depressed about that.
Oh, a little girl's team.
And we blew the lead again and had a settle for a tie.
And the people were too happy about it, eh?
Not too happy about it, eh?
B and C?
How'd that pull come out yesterday, Mr. Hot Shot?
So thanks, Jim Sarni, for like sucking up.
I got the hour by hours out.
And you know what it averages out?
How many people, how many men are listening to Marlins baseball at night?
About 3,500.
And then he give in time.
3,500 an hour.
So there are baseball fans.
Yeah, right.
And there's a few thousand watching on TV.
But you know something?
It's like saying, oh, there are people who like that restaurant on the street.
They just don't go there.
They stand outside and they sniff.
Oh, the aroma is great.
You know, they get it for free.
But they won't go in and spend their money.
It's the same thing with saying that they're baseball fans here.
If they just don't go to the games, then they aren't really fans, Jim Sarni.
They're not going to give it any tangles support.
It can't exist there.
Don't you understand that?
You ugly, ugly old man.
He makes me look good.
He's very new.
Have you ever seen his picture?
Well, man, looks like he's...
Looks like...
Oh, he just walked by Moe's bag or something.
Like the aroma's got that.
But it's scrunched up, pus.
And I've heard that there's nothing worse than a scrunched up pus, but I'll take your word for it.
Now, how many votes?
I guess we better do the break, because we got no spots today.
Nice going with that sales department.
Oh, by the way, PD Lenny, you're out of the closet too.
Roomor has it.
What I tell you about him being too faced in a backstabber.
He's always ripping poor screw in.
My good-closed personal friend, screw in, behind her back, our sales manager, the lovely screw in.
And her good friend, Roy.
But when it comes to when they were in Vegas, guess who at the dinner?
They took him to a nice restaurant, the wholesale's department for dinner.
Guess who we sat next to?
So, Roomor, sucked up to her, put on a good phony act.
You're not fooling anybody, PD Lenny.
Okay, you're out of the closet.
You're phony, you're a backstabber.
But don't forget.
It's time to get it on.
It's 11 after 9 at 5.60 W.
You can't...
We'll be playing at the Heather piece about what, 20 or 30 times today, because it's almost 5.
4 and 1 have been it's long.
Kill some good time.
Plus, it's Friday.
Almost 1200 votes on a poll yesterday.
See, people that don't understand this show that want to come in like I told her,
take stuff out of context and stir up a pile of crap.
And especially, right, wingers that want to do that.
Oh, well, you know, you're supposed to be your liberal.
I'm not supposed to be anything.
I'm just an asshole here, getting paid to open up a mouth and give my opinions.
And don't have to take orders from Rupert Murdoch or anybody in New York or DC or any other goddamn place, yet.
Okay, let me tell you about a great place, Dylematrus.
Hey, the weekend is here.
You know, you don't want to be tossed and turned it all weekend long and not getting any sleep.
The weekend is a time to sleep in.
That's what I always say except that damn little dog.
Well, anyway, pick up the phone and call Dylematrus and they'll come and take away that crappy, moldy, nasty, worn out old mattress reviewers
and deliver right to your door and set up a fantastic, great new mattress.
A name brand mattress at a price that you just won't believe.
Unbeatable price.
In fact, the whole deal is unbeatable.
So like I keep telling you, it's really stupid to go to a deal fashion way.
You're running around from bedding store to department store and back and forth.
Because there's no point in it.
You can't get a better deal all the way than from Dylematrus.
They give you the choice of CERDA, Celi Simmons, King Coole, the top names in a business and because they've got the deepest selection of name brand mattresses,
you don't have to get worried about a bait and swish.
Exactly the one you order is the one you get and they deliver it to you within a couple hours after you call.
Or any two hour window, seven days a week when it's convenient for you, you pick it and the window too.
And they give you that 30 day in home comfort guarantee so you can sleep on it, rock and roll on it, whatever you like for up to 30 days to make sure it's right for you and your back.
So if you want to get a great night, sleep tonight and for years to come call Dylematrus right now.
Like I always do like the lovely Miguel does and he is still screwing his brains out on it.
Call 1-800-MACRUS, 1-800-MATTRES or check them out in their famous worldwide website at macrus.com.
Right back to local business is five cities.
CERDA use all yours.
P-U-A-N
There's a butt ass mallet with the studios of Channel 10B.
HONDELP
Good evening for a special report on the hunting of Channel 10.
Good Country Boy sandwiches are good, they're good, they're good, they're good, you'll see what's for eight micro-keys.
And the Matthews are the ones who raise a good news, they're one of three boys, they're saying my cookie, sweet little one a minute.
What's the name?
I went to the store, I turned it to the station, I went to the school.
I'm 16-5, 6-6-2, you're up happy Friday to him, add dog in one, you got hankin' tree and then you got an after that good luck here.
What do we got?
Oh, day one, thanks you with five.
Who does college football preview with Clarence, Josie and Donnie B, Jr.
7 o'clock tonight, followed by Eddie K.F.G.A.
And ESPN radio overnight because the overnight guys are on vacation.
But a short vacation I noticed, just like a long weekend.
That's good, we can't afford to have them out here too long in Omsand, we in deep crap.
1182 votes on the podiums today, which of these words do you think is the most offensive?
Should have asked Heather about that while we had her on the podiums today from a fascist news network.
Should have asked a lovely Heather, bitch.
Which of these is the most offensive? None of the above, they're just words, 751, 63 and a half percent have learned that they're just words.
And let me say it again, I find it just amazing that we never had one call about the parodies on Bob Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Al Gore, Ted Kennedy.
It only matters when you insult somebody they'd like.
Some right-wing asshole like Condoleez and all this bunch of omurian Nazis.
None of the above 751, Nigger 299, 299 Nigger votes, Kike 55, Faggot 45, and then it was way down to Watt.
And then it was a top 18 and spicking last place 14.
All righty, 14, they're used to that, I got them conditioned to it.
And you see how well that works? I bet you've had what have done that pull five years ago, spick would have been way up there.
Because we have all these Julios out there listening even though they're in a closet.
They're in a closet with their little transistor radios.
They still make transistor radios now. Huh?
I don't know.
I get you get a real good one for 100 bucks.
That's $100 Bill that you lost.
I've told a story before about this friend of mine in Detroit.
And one of his friends was going off on his motorcycle for the weekend.
And I don't know where he'd won something.
I don't know if the track or one lot of money.
So we had $1,000 in $100 Bill. He had $1,100 Bill.
And he said to my friend, he said, I don't want to carry around all that money all weekend because I'm just going where the hell he was going.
So I'm just going to take 200. I'm going to give you the 800.
The other 800 to hang on to for me.
This is a true story. He gave him $8, $100 Bill.
So my friend and I would go to lunch in Detroit at some sloppy diner where the hell it was.
We go to lunch. And by the time we got back to the office,
which at that time had my boiler room at agency radio, at agency business.
And he was in, I don't know what business he was in, but in the same building.
Get back to the office and he starts from lunch through his pocket.
And he said, oh my God, in the restaurant, he dropped on the floor.
Three of the $800 Bill. So now he's down to 500.
Okay.
True story.
So he's in a panic. Go back in the restaurant.
And naturally somebody had picked it up.
I mean, he's out of China.
And he's getting that money back.
So in just a matter of an hour, he's already parlayed this poor guy.
His 800 bucks into 500.
So what's the solution? We got to go to the track.
We went it back.
Yeah. So that night we go to Northfield Downs outside of Detroit.
Go to Northfield.
And you know, in those days, I used to read, went a lot of money at the track.
That's a true story, boys and girls.
Not anymore, but in those days, I used to gamble pretty good.
And I don't know, maybe it was luck, I guess.
But not that night.
No, not that night.
So we go to the track. I couldn't pick my nose.
Okay. I couldn't catch a cold.
And the air be bad. Break.
Everything is going wrong.
And he make a long story short out of the 500 he had left.
He loses $450 of that.
Now, I wasn't there whenever the Southern guy came back on his motorcycle
to find out that his $800 had been parlayed into 50 bucks.
You know what I'm saying?
Tell me $50.
Yeah, I think that's the 50-loan delivery, too.
Is that a true story?
Did he kill him?
I don't know. I wish I would have been there.
I'd like to have been a fly on a wall.
So that if I had the wings I could have gotten away from there real quick.
But oh man.
I feel a little better, but what a drawable.
$800, $100 bills.
And it comes back and has 50 bucks.
How do you like to try to sprain your way out of that one, huh?
They can be on their TV again.
Are you stepping on me again?
New England Paul, who is again really chronic on a fax machine,
says, listen to the show yesterday.
It could have been your best show ever.
I don't think so.
Don't get too carried away.
It was a great call.
But I wouldn't say it was a best show ever.
Maybe this week.
Love it when you're pissed off and fired up.
Oh god damn it. That's good, Paul.
Keep up the good work and keep playing all your bits.
Tell that bitch to kiss your big fat ass.
Well, hey, guess what?
Heather kissed my big fat ass.
My big pimply old wrinkly ass.
And just when you got your lips on it,
I'll give you the lecture gift in there too.
Did I give the poor results?
Yes, I did. Thank goodness.
Because boy, he didn't waste any time.
Even though he did not respond to my question that I asked him.
See, one thing about Bokeh Brian and about Eric up there,
and wherever he is.
They got there like I said yesterday.
They got their own little business going with our website.
I mean, excuse me to ask any questions.
So I could say on the air here's something intelligent
and tell the poor suckers out there what's going to happen
with the orders and whether the MOBIT CD is going to go out.
I don't know.
So I asked him a little question on the poll this morning.
That I fags the Eric.
Do I get an answer?
No.
Do I have any idea what's going on with that?
No.
Did Brian tell you anything at Treasure Island last night
before you lost your $100?
No.
No.
See, I don't want to start playing the Bouch Boss,
but I guess I'm going to have to.
It would be nice if you people would communicate just like all
other contract times that started days and days before I found out about
when the website and without all other CD and with the rest of the
Tushan song all went all the crap at the fan.
Don't talk to me about it.
I mean, why don't anybody want to tell the old fag about it?
He might say something on the air and the audience might discover
what's really going on.
See, I'd like to be able to just once in my life to come on here and say,
hey, folks, here's what's going on.
So the audience can discover what it is instead of this like back door.
Who is that?
Eric.
Yeah, what does he have to say?
Thank you, a fact.
Oh, he's sending me a fax.
Great.
Here's today's poll.
I thought of this coming to work this morning.
I don't know what prompted me or just what event of the last 25 years has been
the greatest head, let me try it again.
Which event of the last 25 years has had the greatest negative impact on South
Florida?
The Maryl boat lift, the 2000 hanging chat election, Hurricane Andrew, or
Alien.
Now, I must believe in something out.
It seems to me there's been so many other bad things that have happened here,
but they must have skipped my mind.
Liberty City riots.
I guess I should put that on her too.
Liberty City riots.
Eric.
Liberty City riots.
Remember that?
Oh, you weren't here.
No.
You were out of banana boat somewhere.
You were hanging out there with Alien down there in the Caribbean.
Liberty City riots.
I guess, and if there's anything that I'm missing there, I'm sure somebody will
call it in or fax it or whatever.
I think that's an excellent question.
If you ask me, I'll tell you who's really I'm starting to like a lot.
Jack Capertey on CNN, the goofball they have in the morning with Paula.
See, they're starting to change the whole approach now because they're getting
butchered by that fascist news network.
Our good friends at Fox would have silly assholes that sit around and yuck it up in the
morning.
So now they're sitting around and yuck it up too.
They sit on that sofa.
But he was talking about our good close personal friend, the chairman of the
very briefly, I'm sure.
He'll be gone before he can say, uh, asshole.
Harvey Pitt, who is the pits.
What the hell do I do with that, sir?
Oh, here it is.
Paul Krugman writes in the New York Times that he had a pit principle.
And the lead is scandal with Harvey Pitt yesterday.
And so they asked the viewers to email them, which they have a different topic that they
ask about every day.
There wasn't one person who emailed them out of the hundreds or whatever they got,
thousands maybe supporting Harvey Pitt.
Not one.
He must go.
Okay.
It's like the Fox watching the chicken coop, the Fox network watching the chicken coop.
That's what it's like.
So there's our poll question.
Let's see.
Miami boat, the Maribol of the hangar chain again.
And we got to put the Liberty City rights on there too would be a good one.
How about the influx of Haitians?
No, that's not good.
What are you laughing about?
That hasn't been a picnic with all due respect to our good close personal Haitian friends,
which I'm sure we must have one or two.
No, no, sure we do.
The pit principle writes Paul Krugman.
He says, so Harvey Pitt decided not to tell other members of the Securities and Exchange Commission
a small detail about the man he had chosen to had a crucial new accounting oversight board.
After turning his back on a far more qualified candidate, William Webster reports Steven Lavitan
of the Times headed the audit committee at U.S. Technologies.
Now that companies being sued by investors are claimed that management defrauded them of millions.
And what did Mr. Webster's committee do after an outside auditor raised questions about the company's financial controls?
That's right, it fired the auditor.
Mr. Pitt's response when this story broke beats anything a satirist could have imagined.
Pitt speaks probe of himself, read one headline, honest.
Mr. Pitt's own agency will investigate how he chose Mr. Webster.
Meanwhile, what was Mr. Webster thinking?
Nobody thinks he's corrupt, but having failed so spectacularly to police executives at a single small company,
how could he imagine himself qualified to enforce honest accounting for all of corporate America?
Yet it's no accident that Mr. Pitt picked the wrong man.
Mr. Webster was chosen over better candidates precisely because accounting industry lobbyists,
a group that still clearly includes Mr. Pitt, believed he be ineffectual.
Let's call it the Pitt principal.
The famous Peter principal said that managers failed because they rise to the level of their incompetence.
The Pitt principal tells us that sometimes incompetence is exactly what the people in charge want.
In this particular case, ordinary investors demanded a crackdown on corporate malfeasance,
and Mr. Pitt pretended to comply.
But this administration is one by and four people who are prompted handsomely from their insider connections,
remember Harkin Halliburton, and why won't the administration come clean about that energy task force?
So he picked someone with an impressive but irrelevant background, whom he could count on not to get the job done.
This principal explains a lot.
For example, the Treasury Secretary's job is to pursue sound fiscal and economic policies,
so if you don't want that job done, you appoint a prominent manufacturing executive
with a little understanding either of federal budgets or of macroeconomics.
He'll be just the matter of presiding over a lightning-fast transition for record budgets or pluses to huge deficits.
He'll even cheerily declare that the latest indicators look good just days before consumer confidence plunges to a nine-year low.
The Attorney General's job is to uphold a constitution and enforce the rule of law,
so if you don't want that job done, you pick a former senator who doesn't have much respect either for the law or for the constitution,
especially silly stuff about due process, separation of church and state, all that.
He'll be just a matter of respawned when actual crisis by imprisoning more than a thousand people without charges,
while catching not a single person who's committed an act of terrorism, not even the anthrax mailer.
Talking about John Ascroff now.
The same principle can be applied at lower levels, intelligence and defense experts who realistically assess threats to national security and the consequences of US military action.
So if you don't want that job done, you place it in the hands of prominent neo-conservative intellectuals with no real world experience.
They can be counted on a perceived terrorist links where the CIA says they don't exist and to offer blive assurances about fighting a war in a densely populated urban area when the military itself is very nervous about doing it.
But the most important application of the Pitt principle comes at the top.
The president's job is to unify the nation and lead it through difficult times.
If you don't want that job done, you appoint an affable fellow from a famous family who's led a charm business and political life thanks to his insider advantage.
He'll be the kind of guy who sees nothing wrong in seeking partisan advantage from a national crisis, even going so far to declare that members of the other party don't care about the nation's security.
That way a great surge of national unity and good feeling can be converted a little more than a year into a growing sense of dismay with more and more Americans saying that the country is going in the wrong direction.
Right Paul Kroban in today's New York Times and you are absolutely correct. Right on it Paul.
927 at 560 W. Kimmelder should I vote I guess I'll vote during the break. I'm not really sure what my answer is going to be on that poll today.
That's the kind of like the kind of poll where you have to go like I don't know how to think about it for like two or three seconds.
I'll tell you one thing you shouldn't be thinking for like even one second about where you're going to buy you a great new car Tom Leyvin down here at the Hall of Pontiac GMC is the kind of guy you want to do business with.
No BS no games he pulls all the punches out you know what I'm saying in the card. Tom loves the near Rogers listeners to which is why it's created the Neil Deal at Hall.
You know I love when Bob Eisenberg comes in here and gives me an old tired piece of coffee just changes the date on the top.
You see that? Wow but you're not fooling us at all here Bob okay.
And it's a good thing that Tom is an easygoing guy or he'd give this a kind of the real sales guy.
Save big dollars and all Pontiac and GMC's and stock during the Neil Deal that's going on again.
Just mentioned heard about here on the show mentioned Bob Eisenberg's name and after they picked themselves up the four from laughing their ass off they'll give you a hell of a deal.
Stop by Hall of Pontiac GMC at 134 or one South Texas.
The highway that's US one across in the falls where air be vehicle is marked with what's supposed to be the lowest price mentioned in the Orangers deal and save even more.
Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the envoy and the all new vibe SUV that's got the power of a big gutsy gas guzzling sports car.
Hall of Sonsa got a tremendous selection of pre-owned car structure SUVs and like I tell you every single day of my life on this show.
If anybody else if everybody else turned it on because you got crappy credit because you look like a deadbeat have no problem because Tom's got a great sense of humor he'll cut you deal.
In fact even Carlos could probably buy a car there but I think that might be going a little bit too far.
Get a Neil Rogers deal and Hall of Pontiac GMC across from the falls on Dixie Highway open every day seven days a week Hall of Pontiac GMC who be professional grey.
We're sports radio five six you a half bad date of quick sniffing glue.
Welcome back to the highly rated Mo how would they be better to show.
I'm putting to my own.
Good.
Okay stupid. Where were we?
We were doing it.
No, you were doing that to me.
Oh yeah sorry Mo.
That's better.
Oh, rendez.
Chris.
I didn't see you could pay that death.
Okay.
Now you.
Chris.
Yeah.
Oh rendez gets me.
That's that's it.
Now I might watch you.
Poof.
Or rendez.
He's up with you.
Bow.
What's with the kung fu grip?
Sorry Mo.
We got one of our three very important coolers on the line here.
WQAM what do you want?
You have to hear more.
I'm coming.
I'm spinning out.
What's your cake?
You know to say that goddamn thing is saying what he had done.
I'm playing with my very poker.
I'll head down.
Oh that's quite understandable.
Why I sometimes have to.
Help me out.
Oh my god.
Go ahead, jumpy.
Dad!
Sorry.
You got me told.
Almost there.
Say or rendez.
Or rendez.
Or rendez.
rendez.
Or rendez.
Or rendez.
Or rendez.
Or rendez.
Or rendez.
Help me or rendez.
Or rendez.
Help me or rendez.
Or rendez.
Or rendez.
Or rendez.
Or rendez.
Yeah, oh.
You're on the screen.
Don't.
All right.
Look at that.
Look at all over my wiki.
Dad!
I'm getting killed.
Now I'm 33 now and they're starting to get you hear them sawing down there on the second floor again.
Yeah, I'm starting to hear it.
And then that's a sawing.
It feels like they're like pushing all the floorboards up.
I think the whole goddamn floor is going to come up just off to my right.
Under the refrigerator and the microwave over there.
Any second.
And it always sounds worse in that studio.
It sounds like it's like right under clearances ass in the other room.
In the old PD's office.
Following as a message from Michael Moore's website also want to let you know he'll be on.
Oh no.
Well, you know, everybody can't be choosy.
I guess you've got that the movie out.
You know who's going to be on.
Oprah.
Yeah.
For the whole hour today talking about pulling for Columbine.
I don't see any facts from both of Brian or from Eric.
So I still have it.
I just measured that in passing.
Here's a fact from Paul and Greenville South Carolina says love your show.
Can't we hear the way to that Fox call again?
Oh, you will.
PSI did the girl named Heather at Fredonia State.
She was a terrible lay.
That could have been the one Paul.
Sounds like her.
Sounds highly frustrated.
Highly anal.
You see this story in a hero today?
Rilla held in dog cage.
Police are told little Rilla Wilson disappeared.
You know how the HCF has done such a great job under our governor, Jeb Bush.
I want to tell you something too because it's very obvious how desperate these people are getting right now.
Running around trying to whip up all the dark folks out there.
All that liberal voice down there.
He's racist.
He hates you dark folks.
And this one and that one.
And don't vote for those liberals.
Right.
I think black people are going to turn out in record numbers on Tuesday.
Because the predicting a light turned out across the country.
You dark folks for once in your lives might actually if they let you vote, which I doubt.
But if they do, you might actually tip the outcome of the election.
And all you Haitian people in the aid county.
If you don't go out there and vote for Bill McBride two or three times each on Tuesday,
there's something really wrong there.
Because this guy's talking out of both sides of his ass.
This governor, you're okay.
Oh, well, I think the rule ought to be changed.
Of course, his brother is the one who mysteriously and still won't.
They still won't tell us what it's all about.
How long is that sign going to go on right under God damn is clearance doing that in there or what?
Either that or maybe clearance and more and they're having like a little somebody's getting raped at it again.
Huh?
It sounds like sign, but you know that the sign sound.
Don't you that familiar sign sound.
In fact, let me see if it's still in there.
That big black number.
Yeah, it's still in here.
I thought maybe somebody stole that was using it on Moe after the show.
Could be.
I think he'd like it.
Anyway, poor little Riggia.
This is disgusting right on the front page of the hero.
State and local investigators are trying to corroborate witnesses accounts that the two caregivers are missing two caregivers.
You know, with a quotation marks, you have to make with their hands.
Of missing child or foster child, Riggia Wilson sometimes kept your locked inside a dog cage
according to two law enforcement sources familiar with the case.
Investigators say they obtained a dog cage large enough to hold a small child
during a search of the home of Jirland and Pamela Graham.
Detectives hope to prove the woman used it to confine the rumors of missing since January 2001.
Lawyers for both women strongly deny the allegations last night,
characterizing them as scare tactics by police.
The girl born away, crack-addicted mother had behavioral problems according to the Grames.
Jirland Graham complained to close friends and has said in interviews that the child would defecate all over the house.
Well, you know, that's like tiny.
Okay, now back in my first got to dogs,
you had to put in those little training cages to house break them.
Right. But the dog is 14 years old now.
And of course, she was five years old when she disappeared.
I don't think that you put like five year olds in cages to house break them,
to train them, to potty train them.
But nevertheless, that's what goes on here in the state of Florida.
Forrest sterilization, baby, it's the only answer.
And if that pisses off Heather or the people at Fox News or you want to make it an erasist comment, go right ahead.
Twist and turn and manipulate for your own fun and advantage.
Just keep taking people's words out of context and twist whatever you want.
Forrest sterilization, we're not talking about for any one group.
We're talking about people who shouldn't be allowed to reproduce and believe me,
there's more than just dark folks in that category.
Seriously, if he don't stop that the sawing down there.
Oprah.
And this is, you know, usually the banging, at least it sounds like it's fairly distant,
a little bit, the drilling and the banging.
But the sawing, he's got to be raping Moe in there.
He's got to be.
Clarence has got to be humping him.
Got to be.
What else could that be?
It's right up against the wall there.
Can you hear it?
Yeah.
Can you hear it?
Man.
83 votes on the poll already.
What have ended the last 25 years has had the greatest negative impact on South Florida.
Mary L. Bolif, that was my vote.
Trust me when I tell you.
Uh-oh.
I still don't see any facts, by the way, from all here it is.
There it is.
Back time, fatso.
Let's see what he says before I do the poll result.
It says we're going to be sung to revise Moe CD starting Monday.
Between now and then I have to do the new cover art.
Provide a way for people to confirm or cancel regards Eric.
Well, best regards Eric.
See, at least I got to be sponsored out of it.
It would be nice if you let me know this because those people who ordered the other CD are listening probably now.
Maybe some of our game ready to turn it off like Rick the mailman.
What is that pounding on a goddamn wall again?
What are they doing in there?
They're drilling.
They're pounding.
They're sawing.
They're sucking.
And something else that I think rhymes with the last one.
Man.
So thanks for responding Eric.
Here's our poll result right up to the moment.
88 votes.
Remember 88 radio, 88, WCBS, New York.
Of course you know, you ain't never been in New York.
You would know WCBS from anything.
Mary Al Boliv, 43.
What you've added last 25 years has created the greatest negative impact in South Florida.
2000 Hengenny Chad election, 33.
Hurricane Andrew 5.
Alien only 4.
You're small potatoes, Alihan.
Out of sight out of mind.
And Liberty City Rites only 3.
How soon we forget.
21 to 10 at 560 WQ.
We're going to take a ton of calls here today.
Man, we're going to take 4,000 calls between now and 1 o'clock.
Or I'm going to stay over restra.
We'll push that mad dog right off the edge of the map.
But we'll push the whole schedule back.
You know, like on the ass end there.
Who needs ESPN radio?
Who needs that crap?
By the way, thanks again for the POP piece, Jim Sarni from all of us here at QAAM.
Thanks for all the suckin'.
In fact, Muff City's exhausted from it.
Here's a place that you'll love.
Delights at Westboker, you low carbohydrate.
What is it?
Carbohydrate and sugar free atkins.superstore.
They got a great new selection of low carb cookies.
Oh man, they're unbelievable.
14 different cookies.
And they're delicious from three different bakers in the West.
They got peanut butter, chocolate, chocolate chip, lemon.
Lemon cookies to me are kind of like bland, you know.
And the coconut.
All sugar free, low carb.
And there's plenty of bland people out there, so try lemon cookies.
Stopped, I'd like to sample these.
Ready to do the great products before you buy them if you want.
Delights gave us a loaf of their new carb, a low carb bread called, uh,
Sinkly low carb bread.
PD Lenny, I think put it under his armpit and took it home for his girlfriend.
Spread some of the new, a new La Nuba jam on it and you got a great low carb breakfast.
You'll be jammin' it.
And don't forget is your official atkins retail center.
Delights at Westboker sells every atkins, diet brand.
Product at 25% up today.
Tomorrow, week from Sookis and every day.
And of course, everybody knows atkins for a lot of people out there works very effectively.
So check out Delights at Westboker, they got a friendly, knowledgeable staff to lead you down the path to good health and help you lose that disgusting fat.
It's grotesque, it looks fat, it's killing you, believe me, from somebody who knows.
You're open right there on the corner of a Glades in 441, every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10.
You can call them toll free at 1-877 low carb and you can even check them out in the web at lowcarb.com.
Delights at Westboker, your official atkins retail super store.
Delights at Westboker, your official atkins retail super store.
You're open right there on the right path of the Glades in 441, the day, seven days a week from 10 to 10.
Why day are you bastard?
so
And go there is a party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut
And go there is a party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut
I heard that with dark red
And please let me
Is wordhead
And please let me
And please let me
And please let me
And please let me
A devil no, a devil no
A devil no, a devil no
A devil no
Hello, this monster
A good girl who wants to be a media home
Proverbs it on top quiver
You want power?
On this lady?
Is what I'll give you
She's got a book to read about slandering
Nobody knows for about slandering out
With a big scoop of mouth and a one to the left of mangola
Such a good christian girl
You want to strangle her
Fontyfigating who she's eating
Political pundits, pontificating
From on the law and masturbating
A republican's ganky home
She's a better relishin' mo
Making liberal a dirty word
You know, in a mini-sturcho and camel dough
And culture knows what cake can be
In a mini-sturch that spells fish
She's a tall drink of water on the side of a large order
With a back alley look to be like your broad-star
If you got the money she'll spread those legs
With a cigarette and a shark's name
And cother and cother
Political pundits, angel of the right hand and easy lay
I'm 44 at 560 W.C.A.
That skank was on the Fox News last night
I was channel surfing
And it was Hannity and Sherlock Holmes
Well, what a... I mean, the show's on that channel
Or just amazing
But I got those big numbers
Sure, because the right wingers found that they got their own network
And a lot of other naive people are too stupid to understand where they're coming from
So they got number on there
We'll see how long that lasts
But at any rate, so the skank was on there last night
Pontificating the same tired crap
But I'm eating them all in digment and then out of shape
Old news, okay, you guys ought to realize she's old news
Washed up dead meat yesterdays news, get rid of her
Atheist Eagle Scout faces expulsion
Thank God that the Eagles and the Boy Scouts are such great
Upstanding organizations
Eagle Scout, Darryl Lambert, is here in 37 Merit Badges
Worked more than 1,000 hours of community service
And helps lead a Boy Scout trooping his hometown
But the 19-year-old has another distinction that made lead to his removal from the Boy Scouts
He's an atheist
Oiii
How do you like that?
Oh my God
Great
Lambert was given roughly a week by the Boy Scouts regional executive
To declare belief in a supreme being and comply with Boy Scouts policy or quit the Scouts
The official in Lambert were to talk again this week regarding Lambert's answer
All the way different a date hasn't been set yet
We've asked him to search his heart to confer with family members to give this great thought
Brad Farmer, the Scout executive of Chief Seattle Council of the Boy Scouts told the son of Bremerton
If he says he's in about Atheist he does not meet the standards of membership
No fags, no atheist I guess that leaves me out
On membership applications, Boy Scouts and adult leaders must say they recognize some higher power
Not necessarily religious, mother nature would be a separable farmer said or mother something
As a private organization the Boy Scouts are permitted to exclude certain people from membership
The organization vans gays and atheists, gays and atheists and especially atheist gays
Lambert has been a Scout since he was nine so he wouldn't profess a belief and doesn't feel it
Saying it amounts to a lie, I wouldn't be a good Scout then would I?
I'll come on lie a little
The issue arose about three weeks ago when Lambert got into an argument with a Scout leader at a Boy Scout
Leadership training seminar over whether Atheist should be expelled from the organization
Farmer's office soon contacted him to talk about his non-belief
You ready for this to talk about his non-belief? In other words, you're gonna believe God damn it, oh, excuse us
Lambert discloses Atheist him to Scout leaders overseeing his Eagle Scout application last year but still received the award
The issue was surfaced before in 1998, 16-year-old twins Michael and William Randall refused to take an oath to God
Were awarded Eagle badges after a 70-year-old legal fight with Orange County, California City Council
You can't be a good person unless you believe in God
How do you like that? But you might make a difference whether you're good or bad but you can't be a Scout
Unless you believe in God and you're a heterosexual and screw in some bitch or whatever you're doing that's it
You better get with it mister no more this atheist crap
They've given him a week to declare belief in the supreme ban
Oh man
Oh and the good news is because Mo has done such a great job on his dolphin games
Because it's gonna be a tough game in Green Bay Monday night
For a little pet talk they're gonna invite him in the locker room before the game
You don't like Newt Rockney, you know he's gonna they're all gonna huddle around Mo and he's always gonna do
Who's gonna get Ricky up low?
Yeah
139 votes on the pool
What event at the last 25 years has had the greatest negative impact on South Florida?
70 of us say Mary Al Bolta, 50.3%
The 2000 Hanging Chad election, 34.5%
See I'm thinking about as far as greatest negative impact as opposed to like embarrassment
See what I'm saying?
Now the pool asks great negative impact so I think so far we're right
As far as the embarrassment the Hanging Chad could have been the winner
Herk and it might still be Herk and Andrew 12, Alien only 6, poor little Alien man
That was pretty embarrassing for a small potatoes and Liberty City riots 3
Well again the question though isn't embarrassing
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Here's Miami, hello
Hey Neil
You left your bush off that pool I can't believe it that would win a hands down if you put him on
I would put him on there right away
Yeah Bush isn't an event
Well he's a pretty big event
Negative event
Okay vote over your vote off non-truist
Excellent call, there you go we got one other call on the board
Here we go when he's calls again oh no
After the highlight yesterday after such grandiose moment on this show
And now we're right back to this again and we listened to that was that a call
Did that man have anything to say?
No nothing
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Here's our last call from Margate I can't believe we're back to this again hello
Margate is gone that's our last call there's nobody on it great
You know I think I'm gonna say and then just go home
Bye bye bye see ya
Oh we want the calls back that's the meat and potatoes that's the bread and butter
And the show is the calls and get whipped up to a frenzy about it okay
So here we go we're on a roll the show has been taken off like a god they have a spaceship
Everything is rocking and rolling we had that great call which I played again
And these people like that same old tired crap man
And Tom jick it tells me I gotta come back here to take the pulse
There isn't any goddamn pulse
You've got to be kidding me Tommy and by the way go to Charles Alfie or a people are laughing their ass off at you
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line
Let's get it going here baby let's get going get off your dead ass
Oh there's gonna be a big bro to turn out here on Tuesday
Not they're already making excuses
Oh the lines are gonna be too long and these new fangled machines and the ballot is so long
Yeah okay whatever you say
Palm Beach hello
Neil yes sir
Love the show hey and Colter has two distinctly different sized breasts
Really?
She does a good job of covering up with her long hair
I didn't see that she had any of them last night on five maybe she like shaved them off or something
I said I get a normal one and one's pretty much gone
Maybe she'll own it to Mariah
Great day okay see you another good one
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line QAM hello
Hello Mayo
Yes sir you still joking that chicken
Yeah talk this
Everybody QAM
QAM
Okay it's gonna be a hysterical Friday
I can see it already getting the mood for it QAM
Hello Neil yes sir
You demand yeah
Yeah
And
And
Like I said this bull crap about wow the colors are this and they're
The big part of the show you have got nothing to say
You have nothing to say before I went away for the American March and I come back here after a seven or eight months hiatus
And you still got nothing to say about anything
People like him is he funny is he interesting is he amusing nothing nothing
Have something to say God damn it you got a goddamn election coming up on Tuesday
You got all kinds of crap going on here with they don't care about any of it
About anything
Sirius amusing in between how about we ask what do you get for Halloween what was in your sack that's a good question
What was in your sack what's that
Something to hold for Miguel
Something to hold for Miguel yeah
Tickets to a race that we're not supposed to mention oh the one the Budweiser race that we can't mention because it's like we got some other crown world
Or something sponsoring it okay we won't mention Budweiser
Well, what do you mean tickets to hold for Miguel? I don't understand that is Miguel like in the building is here you like his pimped hour what
And by the way Miguel isn't allowed to go to Treasure Island anymore because his girlfriends get really psychotic about it
That's true story was either last night no and he won't be there anymore either great one thing when it goes out to the places to suck up the free booze
But when he might be you know looking on something else at Treasure Island the answer is no way Jose and Miguel either
Well, I got that new mattress to break in that would a Q.A.M.
Here's a line two hello Neil yes sir Neil happy ready Tuesday wait till Tuesday my son Monday
Yeah, wait till Monday
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and this this really is it's the end I came in here on such a high like floating on cloud nine
Everybody in this town was talking about that Fox bitch yesterday about that verbal exchange we had on this radio show that it was the talk of the town
There's nothing in the newspaper because nobody here writes anything about radio and God forbid that she give us too much publicity except Jim
Sorry, you're right about how everybody does baseball which they don't
Quote in a bogus numbers from muff muff could have told me he had a 22 share he would have written it he don't have any idea
Come on muff next time Tom baseball at a 30 share you'll see it in the paper
Delray Beach hello
Delray Beach hello Neil sounds like you yes how are you good
I'm the unbelievable call yesterday yeah I think she would have called you a damn bag it if you were to let her on another five minutes
Uh-huh that's right we people think
Oh
This is good Diana Butler theft case thrown out I'll better register some of these bedtime stories because otherwise I'm not to put too much pressure on these bastards you know
Let's see we started with the calls again last Thursday I think and today's like well that's eight days not too much too much pressure for these bastards they can handle it
They ran on a material after the first half hour Diana Butler theft case thrown out the case against former well Butler Paul
Varella's been dramatically thrown out according London after it was clear to stealing from the state of late princess Diana the case is cost two
And a half million dollars US Varell hugged his barrister Lord Carla a carlie all G is a QC and solve them controllably when he realized the trial at old Bailey and London was being aborted today
Varell phoned his wife Maria from the courtroom to tell her a new the news he said send a letter to Maria
Varell 44 is denied charges stealing more than 300 of the princess's personal items after a death in a 97 Paris car crash
Royal expert Robert Johnson told CNN jobs the Webber's name is the trial was halted when prosecution barrister William Boyce told the judge
Mrs. Rarrett justice Rafferty that Varella informed Queen Elizabeth in a private conversation following Diana's death that he kept some of the princesses possessions for safe keeping
So the Queen knew about it, but she just said back and let the trial go ahead and I think it's a bad idea might kind of look good
Freaking Queen nothing worse than a freaking queen WQ I am they now reuse okay
Question for you from your poll I think you're leaving off a very important event that happened probably I guess about three years ago
That's that's Danny and Jimmy okay good five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and the Verizon wireless line
Here's Miami hello WQ a M you're on the air in Miami hello
Neil yes sir I'm a Julio and I would just like I know that you like to get your facts straight
I just want to say something when you mention go a book up there and I mentioned who
Just when you call but when you said to call but you in regard to the to the immigrant love
When you said the Haitians you both twice because of
His brother in in Washington
Love
Because his brother in Washington lost
So what language are you speaking
I'm speaking Julio
Sounds like a good job. I don't know can I finish what I was going to go ahead all right well you mentioned that
To change your loss in Washington
Remember that who changed the laws was your boy Clinton
During his watch he changed the law and and allow when people land such a land there a lot to stay
All the only Cubans that's a Cuban adjustment act of 94 that has to do with Cubans that's the wet foot dry foot that has got nothing to do with Haitian
That happens to people in China also when they allow to come in here you want to know why communist to come in is the Haiti's not
What happens in Cuba is the same thing yeah, that's what I just said
So what is that what is that what does that have to do with Haiti? I know you don't want to be confused with the fact
What does that have to do with it?
What is that?
Sir, I let you speak do you want to hear about you want me to hang up because I'd be glad to hang up
Go ahead
What does that have to do with the Bush policy that they very quietly last December slipped through not telling anybody about it
And they still don't want to document it that says that Haitians are not going to be released in the community after they get here to be to be given their political asylum
But they have to be kept in indefinite detention unlike any other refugees or immigrant
But they had never been the law that the Haitians are always being turned back on list they have been some racial background
Sir, you aren't listening to what I just said they weren't turned back they were allowed to come up on sure
Under the watch by the way the Coast Guard and your administration your homeland security folks
Under the watch of this administration and homeland security which is making people all around the country like
Running the bull baby under the bull if you think that we're safe okay
Fudge back in
All right
Oh my god
Jesus Christ
Jesus
And
Oh
Your cold chiptool will make them wanna wretch and you
Your nappy-layer, look you slide, it'll be velvro
But you'll be what you'll be, let's open through
One day while you be flippin' past eight, you may be livin'
That's a dream in you just like your esterone
That's when your head will move from time to time
From the lilo, until bush and rummere, they be cracked as old
10-0-2-5-60 W.Q.M. Happy Friday to you
Well, I'll tell you this great kind of Lisa article
that's been faxed to me right now by one of our listeners,
John and Formaris. Thank you, John, for wherever the hell he is
It's comin' over, but God, it's so long, John, it's so freakin' long
You co-zombad, I'll still read it anyway
192 votes on the pool, which of end of the last 25 years
had the greatest negative impact on South Florida
Mary L. Boatlift, Mary Lito is, don't get upset about it
Unless you want to, 100, my name is Mary L. Boatlift, 100 votes, 51%
The 2000 Hanging Chat election, 59, Hurricane Andrew, 15,
Alien and Liberty City Rights tied for deadlust with only 11
Way in the year we're in
Let's take a caller to and see if we continue with the great stuff we're getting
And then we'll read that, I'll read the article
Here's a Pember Park, hello
Neil, yes sir
Did I hear you correctly the other day and say that you gave up cigars?
Yeah
Oh damn
Sorry
Here's a Pompato Beach
Neil
Yes sir
May you better be careful with that Fox network
Or they're gonna pull out the real heavyweight and Shepherd Smith, my call
Oh no, I can't handle that
Or maybe that hard-hitting Neil Cavuto
Let me ask you this, do you think the Shepherd Smith and what's the guy,
Combs, Alan Combs, do you think they got off the same ship?
I'd tell you both, they look like aliens
They're the star, they look like aliens
And you once said the Shepherd Smith used to work for Channel 7
He used to be right there in our park in La Repi, I'd IOD
He used to like wave, kind of like a little, kind of a faggy wave when he walked by
Yeah
Well that explains a lot
Uh-huh
Well, they probably rubbed off on him
I tell you, what are food farm, that was a Channel 7 man
You know if that lady up in New York wants to defend black people
Why defend somebody who's a multi-multi-millionaire?
And why not go and defend the disenfranchised black voters in the airport?
Yeah, but listen to this
What differences does it make? What her opinion is, I didn't invite her to call on her to show an end
And give me a lecture about Condoleezza or about the administration
The point I try to make to her is that it's at least at this point still some other free country
And I don't have to like Condoleezza or George W or John Askroff
Or any other wolf with any other Nazis, Rumsfeld, I don't have to like them
Which he doesn't seem to understand, she's giving me a lecture about
Oh but she's so educated but it's a plus it's a sad tire, it's a parody
And I talk about a humorless bitch
And if they had their way she wouldn't be allowed to vote either
That's right, you better believe it
Yeah, okay, I'm gonna go out and kiss her sparks through good morning
Alright, see ya
Ha ha ha ha
Only on the cheek though, watch it
Condoleezza's nonsense about democracy writes John Chuckman
Yellowtimes.org columnist is a Canadian website
How you doing, Tradjan? How's it going, eh?
Condoleezza wants to bring in democracy to the Middle East
Ms. Rice and Expo, what is now an obsolete subject to Soviet Union
believes this can be done the way the United States brought democracy to Chile or Iran or Afghanistan
That is violently overthrowing governments
Does democracy come from the full belly of a B-52 in the murderous aftermath of coups?
Apparently not
Virtually none of the countries that America's freedom-loving army of enlightenment has bombed and shot up over the last 60 years
Is today democracy
One is reminded of the claims of Napoleonic France that it was spreading revolutionary principles by conquest
The conquest part was vigorously pursued but the Libert Egoilat effort and fraternity part left a little something to be desired
Pardon my French, it sucks
Ms. Rice displays the little understanding of the history of democracy or the circumstances which make it possible
She's down alone in this
Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright's efforts on democracy initiatives displayed a similar lack of understanding
Although it must be said Ms. Albright's favor, she was less inclined than ever the hysterical Ms. Rice to classify unprovoked attack by the great powers and initiative for democracy
Democracy is simply a natural development of a healthy growing society
Over the long term it requires no revolution, no coup and no sacred writ
It grows and blooms as automatically as flower seeds tossed in a good packed of earth
Although it's a plant whose maturity is measured in human lifetimes rather than seasons
The early United States, well after its revolution, was no more democracy than was the mother country
The growing authority of parliaments had long limited the authority of Britain's monarchy, even that mighty ruler Elizabeth I, more than a century and a half before George III and the American Revolution, felt the limits of parliament closing in on her
George III, despite later American myths, was very much a constitutionally limited monarch for some time up to and during the revolution
There were many prominent American colonists who felt that the machinations of the British parliament were thwarting the intentions of the king and endangering the health of the empire
Even at that early time people understood that elected government was just as capable of bad policy as a role one or an aristocratic one
Indeed the genius of the British unwritten constitution was seen by most thoughtful American colonists as being in the way it combined the three forms of government to offset each other
The direct origin of the American concept of checks and balances by three branches of government
While the British franchise was then highly restricted it was no less so in the early US
It's estimated that maybe 1% of the population could vote in early Virginia with all the restrictions of age, sex, race and ownership or power
That's actually roughly comparable to the percentage of people making decisions and contemporary communist China where about 60 million party members hold sway over 1.2 billion people
The American Revolution didn't produce anything resembling a democracy in order to delay the constitutional convention
It took about 200 years of growth and change in the US for that to happen
The powerful Senate, able to block the elected president's appointments and treaties, only changed from being an appointed body to elected one 1913
The Senate to this day uses undemocratic operating rules and bizarre election patterns to shield it against public opinion
The popular vote for president didn't matter originally apart from the fact that only a small number of males meeting property requirements could vote
The members of the electoral college drawn from political elites were the ones whose votes actually counted
This absurdly out-of-date in anti-democratic institutions still exist and it can cause serious problems as we saw in the erection of 2000
Women only got the vote in 1920, blacks in the American South only received an effect to franchise a few decades ago
In some places like parts of Florida, recent elections suggest that methods may still operate to limit the franchise of black citizens
America has two parties sharing a quasi-monopoly on political power and they produce much the same effects in the body politic that quasi-monopoly is produced in the marketplace
The two quasi-monopoly parties are financed through a corrupt system of private donations, America herself still has a considerable way to go along the path to democracy
Yet Americans generally believe that their revolution in constitutional convention created a full-blown democracy in your perfect system of government right from the start
Perhaps this explains the blind faith that people like Miz Rice, Condoleezza, and thinking that if you can just have a big war or a coup somewhere, you can create a democracy
Democracy comes gradually because it represents a massive social change that affects all relationships in society
The chief driving forth toward democracy is the emergence of a strong middle class whose members have too much at stake to leave decisions to a king or group of aristocrats
The size of the middle class expands by steady economic growth
In the west this process of change has proceeded steadily since the Renaissance and the rise of science and applied technology with variations in the pattern of individual countries reflecting adjustments to peculiarities of local culture, invasion, civil wars, and varying rates of economic change
Many of these societies, America looks as scantz ed in the world today, make no progress to a democracy because they make little progress of any kind, especially economic progress
Static societies with little or no economic growth are ones where ancient customs and social relationships do not change where kings or warlords rule distance they did thousands of years ago in early societies
Economic growth is like a magical solvent that begins to road old relationships and given enough of it over a considerable period of time, it erodes old ways of governing completely
This process is observable, even within regions of a country. The American South was remarkably backward and static for a good part of the 20th century, but the shift of business and middle class populations of the Sun Belt during the middle of the century brought some rapid change, ergo the phenomenon known as the New South
It has been said that if in the wake of 9-11 the United States truly had wanted to battle for democracy and human rights, it would have dropped dollar bills rather than bombs on Afghanistan
That of course is an exaggeration but it contains important truth
The US could make a genuine contribution to the spread of democracy where it to focus its attention on the economics of the world more backward places, it might start with some generosity and for an aid
The US is the stingiest of all advanced countries and giving economic assistance to poor countries, giving it an annual rate of 1-10th of 1% of its GDP
Reducing or doing away with American agricultural subsidies than in popper's third world farmers would also be a great help, so will the tariff and on tariff barriers that the US uses against many products from these struggling countries
Paying its dues to the UN and ending its childish carping about that important institution would help since UN agencies perform many valuable services for the world's children, its refugees and international cooperation and understanding
In general, concerned for democracy calls for the US to start behaving more like a responsible neighbor in the international community and rather less like an 18th century French aristocrat who barely notices as his courage stumps over the body of whoever happens to be in its path
Written by John Schuckman and candidates said John Schuckman is a former chief economist for a large Canadian oil company. He has many interest in his lifelong student of history. I bet it's not Chevron
He wouldn't be picking on poor Condoleezza, that Chevron Mouli
Good column. Thank you very much, John. Whoever you are. 11 past 10 at 5.60 WQA and we got the mad dog coming up on the clock. That big game on Monday night baby even feel
I can't just smell the pressure. I hear mad dog yesterday ran blood out about well, you know, he's got the bad knee a bread bar. I mean, the so we had no division kind of like suggesting they should sit him out, you know, when it doubts sit him out. That's going to happen. You think no chance. No chance.
It's going to be ugly. I think it can be really ugly that high school quarterback in a ray Lucas. He's going to be crappin' his pants before the game and then once the game starts, uh oh, maybe better loan a moose bag. Hey, speaking of mold, we all have different lifestyles and therefore we need different things to make us our health the best.
Only a mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with lots of other good things they're in there. I don't suggest you bite open the capsule to check them out, but they're in there vitamins minerals, or we'll take my word for it. Other nutrients scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs in your body. Look for only a man's three great new formulas. They have one to help you sleep one for weight management.
And of course, coq 10, which is great for your heart, all using the benefits of the purest, the bestest olive oil that you can find.
Oliumeth is an outstanding product. You can pick them up today. Right now, get in the car and head over to public secrets or Walgreens for more information called oliumeth toll free at 1-866-oliumeth. That's 1-866-653-6633. You can also order Oliumeth online at oliumethamerica.com. And if you visit your nearest publics and buy an Oliumeth product and date are broward, wait till you hear this.
You can receive a coupon for a free Larry Coker bobble head doll while supplies last. Don't forget to visit their sampling committee at sports center.
Be sunted with it often to be playing home games and pick up some free oliumeth samples and product information and improve your health by popping oliumeth in your push pretty soon.
This is 420-568.
Hey, you bastard.
1016-568-WDQM, we got a call allegedly from New York. Hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Neil God.
This isn't the aboyant, guys.
Yeah, it is.
What did I tell you?
Oh, my chronic now.
Yes. That's okay.
See, that's bad.
Listen, for what it's worth to see an end pollsters, the analysts, they're analyzing it in the poll too.
They have jet winning by an excessive five points. I don't know where they get that number from, but that's what they say.
Yeah.
In that case, you have my sympathies.
Hey, by the way, I do an unbelievable Frank Pintangeli.
Okay, good. Well, I called and do it sometime.
What I tell you, I tell you, during the break, I said to Carlos, I said, I look on the screen here.
It's in New York. I said, that's either a crank set of call from New York with a fox crap that was going on or it's the aboyant guy.
And it was the aboyant guy.
I mean, he's a good guy, but boy, talk about chronic.
I don't know. If I was in New York, it seems to me I'd have, you know, more productive things to be doing in like, you know, cinema call in the show, which we appreciate his loyal.
And his patronage, et cetera, and so on, and especially at least he's like, I don't like you larger than his thumb, which, you know, because it's coming from New York, it's probably a better call than we get from down here, which is not indictment of the callers here.
Is it?
Yes, yes, it is.
Man.
See, I don't think that, you know, it makes for great theater and great radio and great drama and it's exciting and screaming on, but I don't think you understand what happened here yesterday, okay?
I don't, I don't think a lot of you people understand what this is all about.
What's going on in this country? That's why the countries in the shape that it is right now is too many stupid people out there living with blinders on.
In Lala land, dumb, like Frato, not smart, like us, dumb, like Frato.
Who would say too many Hail Mary's when they go fishing? Look what happened to him, huh? But I've been.
And by the way, mad dog, here's our Super Bowl ring rhymes with but I've been.
So you stick to your team. We're about them. Okay, don't worry about the guy that patriots. We got our problems. Big problems.
But you worry about your own team. Okay, suck pretty bad. They're against Buffalo against a marginal girls team.
Anyway, what happened here yesterday was that it is grace.
People calling from the outside. Who now knows who put these assholes up to this and it's not really important at this point.
Although we have a pretty good idea, but nevertheless.
Colin here to give me a song and an answer about well, how dare you be a plaintiff? Do I? Why are you doing it?
Because we feel like it because it's my goddamn radio show. It's a radio station in Miami, Florida.
And if you're looking to strip a bunch of goddamn racial hate last night by the way in a Hannity and a cool show, whatever the hell that thing is, that's what they were talking about.
So that's obviously the point that the right wing fascist knew that we're his trying to make.
Oh, you black folks don't find in these liberals, man. That's the whole thing with us.
That Andrew, I'm a self-hating fat Sullivan column in his website. You can look it up if you want. That's what it's all about.
Doesn't mention my name, but just makes reference to that white talk host in Florida.
Oh, yeah, all these liberals, they're racist. Well, I got news for I okay all my dark friends out there.
If you got to choose between all us limousine liberals and these fascists, it's not much of a choice. Not much of a choice.
Pathetic like they're fooling somebody.
All this is an effort to keep them home on Tuesday because they're scared, crapless that have a hole in enormous bunch of dark folks of hot on Tuesday.
And it's going to be a lot more difficult to disenfranchise them this time than it was two years ago that they could tilt the not just here in Florida but other places as well, like in South Carolina.
And Arkansas places like that, other Yahoo places.
560, 560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Give me a song and give me a primer about Condoleez and how bright she is.
I don't care if she's got IQ 700, okay. She's the house Negro. That's what she is.
Nothing more, nothing less. She's about as heavy as a goddamn feather. Talk about lightweight. She to call her a lightweight will be an insult to every lightweight that's ever been born.
You're only thing lighter than her talents is her skin color. And that's the reason that she's in there. Oh, that's right. You didn't see them point after after he retired from the Congress. You didn't see them.
I'll point JC Watt in there. Did you? No way. We already had one watt. He was a disaster.
Let's put Bill Tanner in here. He can go around saying what he can do that real good. I know the things too.
Here's a lady in plantation. Hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. Hey, Neil. You're getting me all worked up here. Good. I missed yesterday's show. I'm sorry. I'll play it again at 1030.
Oh, my God. Listen, what do you think that woman would have thought about all the why doesn't she go after Saturday night life for everything they did to Janet Reno?
And if I'm there, I mean, or something the best part of that to show you that at least Janet Reno had a sense of humor. She went on the show. I know.
She went on the show and played right along with it. I know. This is great. I just want to say something about the way that the country's in right now.
And I think that to me, everything is political. I mean, I'm talking about what shoes should I wear this morning? Oh, wait. Let's take a poll.
What kind of tie should I have? Let's take a poll. Seriously, things like Stenso research, he has to go ask religious right what they think before he can make a policy.
You know what I'm saying? What do they come to? Between the religious right and the NRA, man. That's what runs this country right now.
What else is speaking of the NRA? Are we any safer now than we were before 9-11? Why doesn't anybody talk about our borders? Why does anybody talk about our nuclear facility?
And let me ask you this question. Wouldn't you think after what happened here a few days ago with a boat with a Hayden's gunman? And today they got this big story in the Sun Sentinel about how they had a builder on Ricket, like Noah and the Ark. They built the Rickety Ark and it came over. Like we're supposed to feel sorry for this. If we can't control our borders, then what's all this dog and pony show about homeland security?
But Neil, nobody's listening. Nobody's listening. Do you know how many times I've tried to write to and call Jeb Bush just about the nuclear facility? I want to know who's guarding them. Do we still have those rented cops?
You know, oh, oh. You know, people that you see in the Condocando Commando when it was a little, a great gay housey. On the weekend, they go in the guard turkey point.
That's right. No, but everything from oil and the thought is...
I don't know if you saw it on Monday. There was a story on Channel 4 news, which I couldn't find in any newspaper Tuesday about the six people they intercepted. They didn't catch them.
Six people in a van. It was a white van again, by the way, who tried to get to the nuclear point. The turkey point, the nuclear plate. Did you see that?
No. Yeah, and it never made the newspapers. We never made one more word about it. And by the big. That was the end of that story. It was on Channel 4 news Monday. I went back to the end of a lot of stories.
I mean, a couple of years ago when they stopped those guys in the Midwest and they had the map of turkey point.
Right. We never heard about that. Never heard another word about that, just like those buses that were being hijacked?
No, but I don't understand. We got a president that's doing more fundraisers. He's always been a fund raiser.
Right. I mean, they're shootings in Washington and he's been a fund raiser. You know, we're at war. He's been a fund raiser. Dick Cainey, he's been a fund raiser.
Now, but let me tell you something else about political. Why can't the farmers in the Midwest who want to make money selling the grain to Cuba?
Are we going to let one small tiny group of people dictate the whole US policy that has nothing to do with South Florida?
Yes. No, but it doesn't work.
You can answer your questions yesterday. I already are.
But it's the same thing about Ilyan. Why can't people have the nerve to step forward and say, these are the laws of the United States government.
We have to be consistent. This is the way we've all been doing it.
I want to say it's like this thing with a Vatican, like a canon law. Well, we don't care what the laws of the country are. We make up our own laws as big of a law.
And that's the way it is with this old Cuban mafia that we have here in South Florida. They make up their own god, they rule as they go along.
But this is America. The law should be for the good of the American people.
But you're in Broward County. You're not in Dave County. Dave County is stopping in America a long time ago.
But with this administration, it's not just Cuba. Think about the Muslim population in Michigan. They are going to dictate the policy.
Now, you know those guys that close down the whole strip of because they made those jokes to piss off that woman?
Yeah. You know, they really want to get her riled up. Nothing's going to happen to them because it's politically incorrect right now to do anything to a Muslim.
But the guy who got fired for the anthrax thing with the sweet low. She's heavily lost his job.
And I'll tell you something else, the mood of the country is too bad because nobody will stand up. We just lost Paul Wellstone.
This is a guy who stood up for his principles no matter what anybody thought or no matter if it was politically correct or incorrect.
I know you didn't like Bill Marb. Bill Marb, I put it off the air because it was politically incorrect to say he said the word negar is wrong.
He has shown many times. And he also criticized him.
And let me ask you something. We know why he got the knocked off the air because of his grotesque comments about at least the hijackers have guts.
That was unacceptable. But you know, he had a right to say that they all thought it right.
To lose the show over it?
Sure. Absolutely because the sponsors all build out. I mean, if you're going to say things that outrageous, you're going to lose all your support and you're going to want to beat off the air. That's what happens. That's the economic reality of it.
Okay, when it comes to our safety. But let me ask you this. If he used the word negar many times because I never watched that show. I hated it.
But if he used the word negar at time, how come? How come Heather from Fox wasn't calling and being all over his ass?
He had the guy on the show. They wrote the book.
Right. And your notice, she didn't know who but when you hear the call, you know she doesn't know who that is. They got to wrote the book.
What? How could she not know?
Because she claims he was never on Fox or she don't know about it. Don't confuse her with the facts. She's just a flunky producer.
Okay. One more thing. Yes.
Terrorist. I mean, if we're so concerned.
Okay. What I was trying to get at it. Why everything is so political. I'm sorry. I haven't talked to you for a long time and I miss it.
When John asked about that before the Senate, he said, oh, you guys are all, you're with us or against it.
You're not being very patriotic. But then when he was asked, he said the FBI wants a list of the people who bought guns at the gun shows in Michigan to see if any of the terrorists were on the list.
All of a sudden, it was unpatriotic to go after the NRA.
What I'm saying is just like you, the oil companies, the religious right, whoever it is that's got bushes here, they are controlling everything.
And it doesn't matter what we think at all. And they have no pit bulls on the side of the Democrats. We have no Tom Delay's. We have nobody to go bang on doors.
We have nobody who's going to go after him because it's, you know, they're all scared. They're all scared.
Vote about four times on Tuesday. Just make sure.
Can you think of anybody in the Democratic Party that stands up like Trent Laught and Tom Delay with their fists in the air and tax everybody?
No, but Dick Kebher came along and he said we ought to give, we ought to give, amnesty to all these 10 million people or whatever it is in the country.
That's the kind of crap we get from the Democrats. So we're screwed. Have a great weekend. Just forget about. Hide under the bed.
Okay. I'll see you. Bye-bye.
1027 and 560 crawl under the bed. Okay, because we want to let everybody in Dick Kebher. There's another guy. He thinks he's going to be president someday. He's got to change.
No, thank goodness. I'd rather see Hillary in there than Dick Kebher. And I'd rather cut off both my ankles than have swillery in there.
Oh, don't be making fun of swillery now.
My life and lovel. This is 430560.
You way, you way, yeah.
Best.
Oh, I don't know what it is about. They're one little voices or they're big noses.
Goofy hats. Tiny little meckles. I don't know. They just rub me the wrong way.
And I see the tis a lips and every speech of regifts it's in the news. Hillary hates Jews.
Stewing hatred through balls, dust and people's mumps of alls it's in the news. Hillary hates Jews.
You won't catch her like a manora.
Gachi must have a wonderful aura.
When she speaks I want a crush. She could use a good rap. It's in the news.
Oh, Hillary hates Jews.
Here's Heather from Fox News.
Hi, Niel. How are you?
I'm okay, I think.
Thanks for taking her call. We've been trying to reach you for the past couple days.
We're trying to reach me. You've called people I haven't been invented yet. You called dead relatives of mine.
What's the story, Heather?
We're working on a story about the CD you're promoting on your website that's called KISS.
I won't say it. End word. Good morning. Heather, are you listening to the show?
Yes, I am. I've been listening to past couple days and just see you don't be able to.
Did you hear me go through the entire rationale of what that that song had nothing to do with condoliza rice?
Uh-huh. What about the song condoliza? Condoliza?
That has that. Well, that's obviously about condoliza. Yes.
I want to know why you're why you're playing this on your show.
I say I'd like to know why this is really interesting. Why are you calling me asking me why I should play this?
We make we have song parodies about Bill Clinton dozens of them. Nobody ever complained about that.
We have song parodies about Al Gore dozens of them. Nobody ever complained about those.
Well, African American folks up here in New York are pretty offended by it.
Well, wait a minute. Let me say this to you, Karen. We're not in New York.
Uh-huh. Okay, we don't broadcast in New York. We're on WQM in Miami.
And the fact of the matter is that except for people like you and the people at that right wing newsmax.com
I want to make a big stimulus about this. If it weren't for that, they wouldn't even be aware that we exist.
We have some, uh, this organization that's offended by it is a national organization.
But the fact of the matter is we've been playing these songs for many, many, many months.
We've never had one single complaint and when interlopers like you from outside, like from Fox News or from some right wing website,
want to tell us what I mean for you to ask me how come you're playing that because we want to play it.
Okay, Neil, but what's the value in it? What is it? What does it? What does it do for you?
It's called it's called comedy. That's what it's called. Do you have a sense of humor?
Do you think it's funny? And the call of the call condolese the right in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, in a, while
Harry Bellafonte called her the house Negro case of what color whatever we want.
But this is a little bit different. I mean, no, it's not. It's not the issue. It's not the least bit different.
She is the house Negro. So you people at Fox made out understand this.
Not everybody in the world is the right winger like Rupert Murdock. They're actually are those of us who are progressive or moderate,
liberal, whatever we are, who also have the right to speak to express whatever we want.
So repeat again what you just said for me there. You think she is a what?
She's the house Negro.
Uh-huh. And you don't find anything wrong with that.
Uh-huh. Well, what do you mean wrong with that? It's a fact. That's my opinion. Am I entitled to my opinion?
You're, you're certainly a, and that's basically what Harry Bellafonte said as well. And obviously this is why nobody returned your calls.
Uh-huh. Heather or whatever your name is. Because we knew that you were trying to stir up a bunch of crap and take something out of context.
When I asked you, I don't think anything. Did you listen? Did you listen?
We're not, we're not doing the Bellafonte. It's my show and I'm not going to have you scream over me. You're trying to talk me. Okay. It's not going to work.
Okay. Uh-uh. You know, I asked you in the beginning of the conversation, which I was very calm and I asked you, did you hear me explain the origin of that song, the rest of the Tusion song, the fact of the matter is, and I don't know.
I'm sure he must have been on your channel Randall Kennedy, the black author who wrote the book, Nigger, this range career of a troublesome word.
Not that I'm aware of.
Well, he was certainly on CNN. He was on MSNBC. Maybe he wasn't on Fox because he wasn't that. I don't know. Maybe he just didn't weren't aware of it.
You know, I've got a question for you. Are you aware of that book?
You portray yourself to be the sort of liberal voice. But you're, I don't portray, I don't put labels on me. I'm, for example, when I call myself a human being. You see, you people on Fox, it's this old liberal and a conservative. That stuff went out with high button shoes.
I'm thinking living and living in addition to why do I have to add Miami, Florida answered to some assholes in New York on Fox news. How I do my show. What is it your business?
There are a lot of people who care and there are people in Miami. They care about this too. Who are they? Who are they? Who are they? Name me one person Miami who's concerned about it.
Both we know down there, certainly. Name me one. Name me one. It's offensive. Name me one. Name me one. Name me one.
Name. Been. joke.
Name.
him and kill him by the way.
You just come down. Okay. Any way, Beast didn't lose it this week.
I got news for you better not let that happen again next week because if it does then Troy's gonna cut off your water and your food too
And your little black sack
But he stayed the same 226 he's lost 58 pounds
Got like a shirt and a real tie on today looks all like a like a little businessman almost, you know
Well like a fat businessman like a fat you businessman from UM
By the way, there only six touchdown favorites
See I was asking some of it this morning. Why do they play those games? What what's the point? Why can't Rutgers just forfeit?
Nobody gets hurt that way, you know
Six touchdown favor. Why see this is what happens? Okay all you nerds out there
You sports there's with these teams. Oh, we're gonna kick some ass. Yeah little girls teams, okay?
At least I admit it to make believes last night
I think would be the Atlanta trashers and other girls team after
Hang on for a tie a freaking overtime tie right there in Toronto with the Scare Canada Center and there's scary
All right that herky jerky Lou may I like to put him on a slow boat back where he came from anyway
So some of you know where I think this came from I don't know who faxed me this this thing that Heather and Newark
That's her name a little Heather that we just heard again
We'll play it again later about 10 12 times. It's long kills him good time Heather and NAU
ERT Newark, Newark, Newark
You're on the Fox News channel as a New York based correspondent 2001 after receiving your master's to begin journalism from Columbia University
Well, excuse me Heather. I'm impressed not
In 1998 she became a Washington DC based Fox News contributor commenting on politics and domestic policy during that time
She worked as a government affairs consultant representing corporations and trade groups before Congress
Her work focused on healthcare and social security issues
Heather's media work started in Washington 1992 as a host and producer for former WFTY TV's weekly program young country
Later she was a business reporter for first business a syndicated business new show
This must have come from them because it was followed up by a bio on condolese
So I don't think she's she's got her eye on condolese and maybe she'd like to do condolese
Maybe that's what it is because she takes it very personal and uptight so to speak part of that expression
That we had the goal to be called and condolese all of these things you don't say
We're gonna continue doing the show that we've always done the show Heather
We're in Miami and I'll tell you Newark radio must be really really bad for you to have to be listening to a god
Them show on the internet here in Miami in fact ask the a brilliant guy. He'll probably agree with it
Once Howard goes off in the morning believe me. I don't even want to go into that
You know old Howard don't say the mad dog or the angry puppy wrong Howard a
Fissue family triangle here's a news journal editor from Daytona Beach yesterday
Neil Bush igniting profits in the F cat market Neil Bush
It's a triangle of back scratching geometry only the first family could pull off
President Bush signs in law federal requirement that forces states to rely on standardized testing to measure school achievement
Governor Bush makes standardized testing a centerpiece of Florida's a plus plan a scheme that turns students into cash cows for their schools
If they perform well in the Florida comprehensive assessment test the F cat and youngest brother Neil Bush pedals computer software
Decided to help students study for the F cat at 30 bucks per student talk about a windfall for a prodigal bush
Until recently Neil Bush have been kept out of family photo ops since his involvement in the 1.3 billion dollar failure of his Colorado Savings and Lone
Association in 1988 the failure of Silverado banking savings alone was one of the most notorious examples of the SNL collapse of the 80s
And SNL regulatory agency found Bush who have engaged in multiple conflicts of interest while director at Silverado the industry bailout eventually caused taxpayers
1.4 trillion
dollars
So a beacon of ethical conduct Neil Bush isn't the surprise or release the latest twist in a history of Bush conceits is that
Neal's powerful brothers are letting him so candidly try and relate their policies with their with his venture as
Its founder and CEO Neil Bush started Texas based ignite ink three years ago swiftly raising 7.1 million dollars from 53 investors in
2,000 alone and so far earning them at least 20 million
Using such devices as rap songs that each gets about the funding fathers Franklin Madison Washington a lot of cats
Who used to be continental congress way back?
We could sing it
Ignite is developed a middle school curriculum. Heavy on the use of technology and such gimmick re PR tactics is empowering students to learn according their own
Attitude we give students a sense of control over the run education by offering choices about how they learn he said
Whether ignite is effective is not the yet the point the company is too young in its products to green to judge
The question is how the company's product ended up being used as part of a state funded experiment and efficiency at a
Coe middle school in the Orlando area the school has received millions of dollars in state grants for the study
Not counting the ignite software being used there for free if Neil Bush needed a foot and floor to his door
He got it so readily that ignite is now being marketed to schools across the state
The Harold reported this week that the Florida Department of Education could find no indication that ignite had approached the state about its product
Or that the governor had talked to his brother about the business maybe not
But it smells more than a little fishy to use three words that Neil Bush famously used before a congressional committee 12 years ago to describe his own grayish
business transactions at Silverado
As Bush triangles go this one's angles are more wrinkling than right not only are the schools
We made ever more dependent on the F-Cat strings
But the bushes whatever their self-absorbing assurances about ignite's Florida foothold seem oblivious of this latest most profitable conflict of interest
editorial yesterday's Daytona Beach
News journal
Like that huh very good
Can't complain about their ethics you want to know why because they don't have it
You in
Why the you best it
Yeah
A girl in extra wide jeans
A girl who's head weighs a ton
Oh
And she's living with the women at the funny play toys
In the house of the
The old George when she was young at a restaurant with a boy
He didn't know that she was gay
Until he noticed each time they went out she went for the seafood buffet
Just look at all roses dike sisters now just look what they have done
The minute she comes home from work to that door
Well, how
And she's come
She laid it down to stop publishing the rosy mag left a laid off staff not paid
And Rose is girlfriend who's pregnant right now
I guess she just only got laid
There is a girl with extra wide jeans
And retain her cheese
Be called
And she goes by the name of rosy
Oh
D in the house of the
It's time to get it on
That 47 and 560 WDQM happy Friday too. I have another wonderful day here today
Thanks for your resume. I had that we have no openings at the moment though
Here's the fact that says I just want to thank you for such a wonderful show yesterday
It took some real cajon's for the lady to call the scutzer problem on the year
Kindly says a public figure in there for open to ridicule. This is any public figure is
I hope you ditch the colors today. Oh no
I have a feeling we're going to be hearing a lot of
Faggot and Maddickon and after a masterpiece of a show like yesterday's
It would just be a leave of bad tasting you and tell Jean-Luc to his mouth all three of us
Hey listen don't take it personal. Okay. These people can't help themselves
It's just the way they are and look at where I don't even blame them look where they are
I bet you that all these people in the first came here they were like rocket scientists
And now they've been here long enough their brains frying the sun. They're surrounded by a bunch of
Like that and it rubs off
So Moe is losing it huh? I'm sorry
Here's the facts from big L. It's it. That's the scuttle butt around a building is that Moe's right on it
So don't be picking on my good buddy Moe. Okay, we better start bonding with him
Because I don't want to see him like go off the deep end
Although he did leave his depends like right outside the door this way. We forgot to take him
Or that's just his bag well that day that is bagged must it open that was that was unbelievable
But
And then he made the beast clean it up that was the worst part
Ah
Can't stand it
Oh my god if there's a butt I smell out of here. Okay, well go home have a nice weekend relax for that big game on
Monday don't freeze your uh don't freeze your tachosov Monday either there gonna be cold and hell and green bay, you know
So rickian Williams is what
So here's this facts from big L
That says today's poll question you believe jab bush really cares about whether the education budget is properly funded
Well, that's really not today's poll question, but that's what big else says
But he points out some interesting things like
Bush GOP economic policies fail Florida families do friends and families still need a good reason for a democratic
Here's how Republican economic policies have hurt Florida
100,000 Florida workers have lost their jobs since Bush their office
100, 7,100 Florida workers in danger of losing unemployment benefits
7.17 billion 401k benefits lost by Florida workers
415 million lost in the Florida State pension fund new to corporate scandals
17.5
17.5 the percentage of Florida's population currently with no health insurance
What's more Bush has presided over a 94% decline in the federal and the federal budgets are plus
That's 5.3 trillion gone in less than two years
jab bush is administration allowed mutual fund managers that were contributors to his campaign continue to missmanage funds for nearly two years before filing
dismissing them the Republican says it increased the education budget by three billion dollars the fact is
The first year the budget was decreased by one and a half percent the second year by another one percent
The fact is over four years in the term of real dollars after factoring and inflation were spending about the same
Even though we have more tax revenue than we had four years ago the actual percentage of the education budget actually takes up
His less the best part is even though his brother the education president the White House can correct the inequity
Florida still acts behind and per capita federal funding for education
In fact 80% of all states get better education funding from the federal government than Florida does ice going jab
You're going to call up your brother as Kerry meek was asking the other day. You're going to call him up
No
Several times he's placed a veto on funding for the inner city after school education programs in Dave County
He vetoed other inner city funding programs that had educational pursuits, huh?
Right now Florida ranks 49th in high school graduation rate and 44th in the country and SAT scores lovely
Well, thank you jab bush for improving Florida's education system
Imagine we finished I had a six states in the SATs and it was actually one state with the worst graduation rate. We're doing it
How do you like that? Thanks big Al good point and then guess what I saved
I saved this article from way back on October 16th from the Sun Central by Steve Goldstein not guilty
Not that Steve Goldstein. What?
Stephen L Goldstein the Sun Central who says whack back on November 5th and he's got
24 reasons to vote against jab bush on Tuesday
I'm just going to read these again. Just as a reminder a little while just as a reminder
Not that I'm going to have any great impact. Don't get all nervous either. Okay, and all you right wingers up there at fascist news network
Don't get all paranoid and psychotic
319 votes on the pool what have ended the last 25 years has had the greatest negative impact on south Florida
Mary, you know what we forgot to put on there what mold coming to town
Hey, oh, we better add that on there Eric
That needs to be the sixth choice kind of even it out. We don't have enough choices on it
I don't like the polls where we have limited choices. Mole Howard arrives in Miami
Don't you think that mirrors being on there? Oh, that's right. Don't say anything
Don't say he won't bond with you in the hall if you get on his bad side
Now what was so funny about that bag break and I thought it was disgusting myself
Here's a hi-lea hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Um, you mentioned the panic. Oh
That we've stolen oh
You've had all your little friends talk and I say something. I beg your pardon
You've had all your little friends call up and talk and I think my liberal friends. Yes, you're chronic
I guess reaching one more thing. You're gonna say you're just chronic
Well, you can't handle your voice. You make me you've got a creepy voice. Can't not doesn't you have a creepy voice?
Yeah, you know my skin is crawling. I feel like I got like red ants. Maybe it was the drugs
That PD Lenny left in here. It's got nothing to do with what you want to say. It's just you
You know, I mean have somebody else call and say right it down
Fies and by the way, how long did I leave that bitch on here yesterday? It was giving me a bunch of crap
She was on there for like five minutes
So don't give me this garbage about I only let people talk who agree that's bull crap
I just don't like chronics. I don't want no chronic. This goes we're back to taking calls again
And one thing I'm guarding again is chronic like that asshole Dennis that called in yesterday
I had a dump him for his intemper remark. Get some mental health. Okay, Dennis before you hang out with you
And Dennis had a great time last night. He went out trick and treating with his boyfriend
for Halloweeny
He said he liked the trick part
Here's Miami. Hello
It's the neo-Nate police
And you know what I said we should do with all the patients
Oh
Too many greasers here today, man. Here's Palm Beach. Hello. Hello neo. Yes sir. Could you answer a question?
Who was the house Negro for Clinton? Did he have any black surround him besides uh miss
Betty Curry? He was surrounded by a black bill
Okay, let me ask you this where does Bill Clinton live now?
Where's his office? That's not my quest. Where is his office?
To me, I'm going to head more black and minorities in his administration than anybody else in history
I'm not going to sit here and wait and try to give you an education, okay
What the hell and then by the way Bill Clinton ate on the ballot and either was George W
Where you say always try to divert divert deflect you know to see this one was worse. Uh not true
More minorities than any president in history served in Clintons two terms
That's not a debatable fact and you can scream and you can how are you gonna get all that out of shape
You're one of those assholes. You can't they don't confuse the sky with its facts, okay? Because they're very dangerous
The facts are very dangerous
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Here South Miami. Hello. Hey, good morning. No. Yes, sir. I got to follow that trifecta, huh?
Jesus Christ to be easy
Anyway, man first time I heard that new bid you have on the
With a mo and a rendez in a girl. Yeah, I swear to God. I almost crashed my new truck into a wall
Okay, I played it for several people are yesterday after the show and herde
I thought Hank was gonna have a stroke. I said that's a big kick out of it. He loves him
But you know, not quietly he was laughing so loud you could hear it next door
Anyway, real quick. I did my good deed for the vote on on Tuesday. Yeah, what do my mom's house?
Yeah, four elderly neighbors that mel in their ballots of course being Cuban. Guess who they were wanting to both
But guess who filled in the the paper? Oh, right. Excellent. I know what I mean. Yeah
So there we got four on our side, man. Yeah, see we can do it too payback as a bitch. I could get in trouble for that, right?
Hey, we're tracing the call right now. We're gonna turn it over to Heather with the fascist news network
You know what you're mad at me? Remember that lady called you a while ago
Talking about Aruca and she said I don't know
Well, Francisco Aruca remember that bit. Yeah, it sounds like her. Maybe it is the same way to me if you hang on just one second
She's there. Where the hell is she? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Hey Neil real quick
I know you got to go manages the bomb. He called several awards on live TV good night. I almost pissed my pants
Yeah, he is he is I'm panic and more ways than one okay
See
He called Jimmy several while pussy wow. I don't know
How do you like that? I'm not gonna win the Jimmy Cifullo stuff. Okay, cuz Jimmy's a pretty good guy, but he's
He's
Here's a West Palm Beach. Hello. Yeah, Neil that was that was awesome this conversation with Heather
She is she's a hotie. I've seen her on the on the network here
Now let me ask you something is she got a she got a show. I thought she was a producer. She's got her own show
No, she's never own show. She's she's one of their reporters. She used to appear
She was going to actually she was going to journalism school at Columbia at the same time Gore was a
You know after the election Gore was
What would my yeah, and she would come on below Riley show. Oh, it's a spy
You know on Gore and tell you know just kind of try to make Gore look bad on the Riley show
But she's you know she's like probably about
20-7-20 very hot blonde, you know, huh typical Fox news. That is you were the heavy of that orange a pancake makeup
You know she's not
Uh
I don't know she's just your typical kind of like
I'm trying to say is that everybody who appears on Fox news network has to wear like about 14 the layers of orange pancake
You want to adjust the uh the contrast or the the hue on your TV set and of course then you turn to one of the channel
And you realize it's not your set but the reason I really wanted to call though is
With the election only like four days away. Yes, sir. I want to make sure that you discuss this
Attorney general candidate who's running on the Republican ticket. Yeah, the guy who flung the bar like three or four times
The bummerlin law school and in Alabama. He hasn't got a time in chance. Well, he's ahead in every pull
He is ahead in the polls
He's ahead in every poll because nobody knows anything about him or the other guy
He just has these he has these commercials and he talks about chain gang Charlie that you know
We want to read through the chain gang. Oh, yeah, I've seen though. It's right. I've seen those spots right
Etc. Etc. Yeah, and uh, you know the other guy nobody really knows about him
But I mean you compare with like the attorney general in New York spitzer and going after all the big corporations
Right, and this guy you've went to bar three or four times and and basically is a total empty suit
And he's gonna be the attorney general florida. I think it's pretty funny. Yeah, well far for the course after bobby buddy
Buddyworth. I mean what can you expect you know and the new the new slogan
Bobby buddy workers gonna be out there in the cruise ships not gonna
I'm not gonna slot machines into the ocean the new slogan for the state of florida or new motto whatever thank god for Mississippi
Okay, all right, see care
Mississippi's number 50 we're number 49 all right, so thank god there's a missive
Right and ain't any to treat to beat your feet on the Mississippi
We're supporting you five six you a.m
The banana republic baby only in my am
Now no all bush daughter of florida governor jib bush records her first page from her prison audio diary
I cannot believe that pompous egotistical judge actually sentience me to jail me to jail. Hello
Do you see my last name on the documents?
Bush by the time my dad jib gets none with him
He won't be able to scratch his danglers without the sheet coming down on him
He won't even be able to get an internship with bird the black bailiff from judge judy
I wonder if the prison pharmacy will accept my scruff for sannics
They better maybe it wasn't such a good idea to wedge all that crack in my monolablonics
I should have stood the junk in the trunk if you know what I mean
I got ten days in jail and my booze-hound cousin genus gates
My father's got no juice. He can rig an election, but he can't keep his own flesh and blood out of jail
Oh, did I say that? I didn't mean that anyway. I gotta go
We got a big game behind the carrot going in the rec room. So did I say that? I didn't mean that
11-0205 60 WQ AM in fact one of the first appointees and of course then she got railroaded and knocked out of there by the right wingers member
Jocelyn Jocelyn elders
This first she was the head of the hhs
Poor Jocelyn Jocelyn she was a little bit too radical over the right wing and they like counted her ass out her black ass
So I can't give me the solid evidence about well who did Clinton? Who was his house Negro? Yeah, right
And who was this buddy that was always paying golf with making those sexist comments about
Real dark black eye boy isn't that something I can't remember his name
Yeah, then they asked him. What do you guys talk about when you and he said the
You know, we don't talk about world affairs. What we talk about is see
But that was his name. I can't believe I can't remember him real dark guy anyway. Somebody we're calling
340. What is it? Oh, Moe's already got two votes. He just went on there 350 two votes
What event of the last 25 years had the greatest negative impact on South Florida? Moe Howard comes to town too
Liberty City rides 14
Alien 22 small potatoes hurricane Edward 33 the 2000 hanging channel I should 97 and the Maria Bolte left is a win in big time
184
What do you what do you laugh? What are you smoking about?
If I do funny, then my people have come over here and close the truckers. You're a Mary Alito?
Well, no, so so why is it your people?
Well, I don't say your people okay, don't and a lot of your people would be very upset to have you say that
Don't lump them in with the Mary Alito rivals because a lot of those people as I said yesterday
We're some of the worst hardened criminals from
Castor was prisons and nut houses the worst of my people's no the worst the worst of your people's bees
Okay, don't forget to join some my cards lemonade Mike's cards lemonade. See now. I'm saying on everything
Oh, and you know whose wife was online. It's not one of the talking heads. I think we're kind of chink who
The muslim man the white Pudgey blonde boy. She's a foul mouth bitch, you know what?
What has it like bleeper and stuff? No, but I mean she's she's and she didn't say anything over the line, but pretty close to it
I mean she's got a big mouth
Big blonde bucksum
fat
Join Mark's hard lemonade and jokas tollo days from three to five at the
Public's located on northwest 128th street in this game worldwide north by me stop
I don't think crappy QM prizes, but you can register win tickets to the big race sponsored by
On November 16th
No, we can't say that either because we don't want to get to people at Mark's hard lemonade upset. We don't want to say
I'll just go wiser, okay? Or is it better to go bud?
5 6 7 0 5 16 San Francisco. This couldn't be real. Hello. Good morning. Neil. How are you? Okay?
We're good afternoon in your part of the world. I think Clinton's black friend was Jordan somebody and don't forget
Domicola who told everybody to give it a tug instead of having pre-marital sex. No, that was jostle and elders. Oh that okay
Okay, Donna Shalela is very white and she's at the U of M and a dyke but at any rate now Jordan
Vernon Jordan. Thank you. I mixed up my cronies there. Is either Michael Jordan or Vernon Jordan one of them number 23 of
Are you aware that Condoleezza Rice has her own oil tanker named after her wouldn't surprise me?
She was a big chevron boarded director. Yeah, I know that. That's why I don't buy gasset chevron ever big company out here
Also with Stanford and she's kind of the poster child for hitting the glass ceiling now
You couldn't want more as the Republican to be on the board of directors of chevron and to be a plant in the White House for an oil company
Right
I want to tell you that the president and vice president don't have those oil connections. Thank God for that. Oh no, they're clean
Yeah, it's no conflict of interest there. Right. Um they're up for hydrogen and alternative fuel
Absolutely. I want to tell you the double standard about the N word
I get a lot of emails from younger people that I work with and you know how they start
M apostrophe N-I-G-G-A
Niga
Maniga. Oh man. Yeah, I'm a nigga. Yeah, it's a term of endearment. Mm-hmm. I mean not myself
I'm a heterosexual Christ killer. So I don't know why they're calling me their Niga
But I guess I'm happy to be held in a little higher esteem
Also, you know that we're so Asian here in San Francisco over 40% yeah
All the little Chinese kids when they see a white kid go by at the bus stop. Yeah, hey vanilla bitch really? Oh, yeah
Yeah, so that's the first time I've ever heard that in my life vanilla bit. Yeah. Well, you know
Start in California and go east has arrived in Toronto yet because we got a zillion Asian people
A lot of flavor of bitches in Toronto. Oh, yeah, we we're long on vanilla bitches here, but we're in the minority
I'll be damned
And so what the white kid turns around and calls the Chinese kid hey a chiga which is short the Chinese
So we got vanilla bitches and chiga
And the world starts soon and in closing Neil we all love you and hey Heather gargle me babe
Okay, see you my man. Yeah great call from San Francisco. How do you like that?
Yeah, Heather they're not too fond of you okay your routine that you put on here yesterday
First of all that lying routine about well, we want to do a story about Neil's great ratings now
He's dominated that market always you and giving that to who do you talking to Dave Hagen she said that to
Don't be calling here lying to our producers. Okay to try to get my home phone number and bug me okay
And the good news is I only had three solicitation calls yesterday
Okay, so I didn't try the star
69 or whatever it is now what is star 69 besides what you obviously have in mind what is that star 69?
I know
Let your phone call back the last number they called you, but what's the one that's like the call block star 67
Star 67 so if you call somebody that blocks the caller ID
Right, if I don't understand
Star you're sure that yeah, because there are times I wanted to do that you know could use the star 67
But I didn't want to like have them see my phone number on the call caller ID right you star 67 wait for the dial tone and then dial
In fact, that'd be a great way for me to I mean what I'm gonna do this weekend. I think it's so boring here
We're just gonna sit sit home and make crank. No, I've taken him for 26 years here
I'm gonna make crank calls all weekend. I'm just gonna go up and down the phone book
Little payback. Yeah, star 67 and in fact, I'm gonna call that guy in high-lea before that creepy voice
Oh, my my skin is still crawling from him. He could be a very nice guy's been listening for a long time, but your voice. It's just oh
Whoo, I'm serious. I got the chills just thinking about him
Here's a lady from Bokeh. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. Oh my goodness. I keep leaving taught me I've been listening to you for six years
Oh, right and I think you're wonderful
I'm sorry, I just serve the public and but you know what did you know that you were on TV last night? No, you were on John Gibson
Oh John Gibson
You know something it tells me what a big audience John Gibson show as you're in town because you're the first person to say anything about it
So jume showed the q a.m. Studios. Wow. Where the hell did they get that from? I don't know
But it has bunch of trees in front of it like a three story building. Yeah
And they were talking about you and they
I'm nervous and they just were you know saying racist and they also they printed part of the words
Yeah, in the condolences song and for sparts or they put down shorts shorts
Yeah, I once went to summer camp of the kid named Gary Schwartz. He was pretty good
But you were on TV at about 545 last night and I missed it. I'll be damned
I would never watch John Gibson. You know once they booted him off MSNBC. I stopped
Forget about him. Well the only reason I watched it is because I wanted to see if they were going to mention you
And they did so how long was this piece on?
About ten minutes ten minutes and Heather when she first came on she shook her head and she said yeah boy
I talked to him and she was shaking her head like you were real something. Yeah, and she looked well
She's a bimbo
So so what was the crux that I'm a racist son of a bitch and here we are Q a M
Yeah underneath it said racist racist radio
And um how you know how wrong it is I
You know kind of like real quick, but um because we were doing under things
Yeah, it said racist radio and how these people down here, you know they put stuff like that on
So but you were on and they had your picture you look pretty good. I guess I got it made now
Yeah, yeah, you made national news. Yeah, I hope my mother and other people around the country will be knocking at John Gibson off in no time at all
I'll be on there hey, you're much cuter than he
And I didn't say much you're a lot and a lot cuter than Alan Corms. I'll tell you that
Oh my god, he's not good or shepherd Smith with that Martian moon face. He looks like a clown. He is
He's the one. You know what they all do where lip gloss. Oh, I know that I'm not just making that up there
They were pancake makeup to a drown an elephant
Have a great day. So thanks thanks for the spy report. Okay. Have a good one. Bye. Well, we better clean up our rack god damn it
Come on. We got to do the break
So they actually did make a big simmissive about that
What did I tell everybody these people don't want to listen to me?
They want to do a piece and make this look like a bunch of racist and like a whole big solid dance
Well, what that's all about? I have no idea. Why is it their concern? What we're doing on this little radio station
They might mean Florida. Why is it if they're concerned?
Other than they don't have a sense of humor and they want to take things out of context and twist and turn and by the way
They're gonna help O'Reilly here. He still has a big. He's got a zero. Okay. He's WFTL does not show in the rating book
Here's the book right here. It doesn't show it which means that in no day part at no time during the day
They have more than a hundred people listening. They have no measurable audience
Norm you could go out on the street corner and do your eight to nine hour Norma Fees in town
And just get a megaphone and save all the juice
Yeah, save all electricity
FPL would be upset because it would cut down a bill
But you could just save all electricity just get a megaphone get on a busy speed corner
It would be a great idea
In fact, why not just go up to a hedders house and stand on this three corner with a big megaphone
Hedders of bitch, you know something like that all the hedders may be very nice like the guy said she's hot
It still could be a bitch
12 minutes after 11 at 560 wqm here's something that's really hot now only made people are buying it all over town and popping it in their
Post you can almost hear the sound of the things the capsules going down their tropes
Only a mediterranean formulas or advanced combinations of pharmaceutical great olive oil combined with vitamins minerals herbals other nutrients
Scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help support specific health needs in your body
Look for their great three new products. They got one to help you sleep one for weight management and coq 10
I'm using the benefits of the best olive oil that you'll find anywhere
Oli made is a great product that's available at public's records wall greens if you want to get more information call
Oli made at 1 866 Oliomed that's 1 866 6 5 3 66 33 you can also order their products online if you prefer at
Oliomedamerica.com and keep in mind if you go to your nearest public and buy an Oli made product and date or broward
You can get you a coupon which is good for a free Larry cocker bottle head doll
Oh, oh, oh while supplies last don't forget to visit their sampling for a million in sports
That every Sunday two in the Finns are playing at home pick up free Oliomed samples and product information
Improve your health make your body into something almost worthwhile by popping Oliomed in your purse today
Friday you
They want us to find a way
The reimbursement for back pay from 200 years ago when they were slaves
When I only have a mobile home a pickle and a pinch of gold
So if you want to ask me how here's what I gotta say
You've got to guess a nigger good morning
You tell them that you're sorry for it's lavin' them all
Yes a nigger good morning
And that's where everybody's doing to his dead end call
If I was born in 1802
Old enslaved ain't something I do
No, no, but what were dead people dead to you?
I have to take the plane
We'll get to it all for an old money act
No
With a can of spheli cherry in back
Instead of 40 acres and a mule I have a better way
You've got to guess a nigger good morning
When put on how they fare a Morgan frame of food
You
Yes a nigger good morning
Okay
And that's your resolution for a slave at you
Yes a nigger good morning
Are you
You tell them that you're sorry for it's lavin' them all
Yes a nigger good morning
And that's where everybody's doing to his dead end call
Or Heather she just don't get it
Even if she didn't get it would make a difference because you know they started out with the purpose of you know
You started point a and you're going to get to point C and what it then making everything what happens in between
You're still going to want it for the same place you just you know see what I'm saying
So the purpose of doing a story was to make us look like a bunch of racist clansman hood wear and whatever
Thanks for the publicity by the way Heather we can use it
Nice birthday cards pouring in here by the twos and threes
Look at this one. It's got all these things in here. This lady Michelle's been listening since 1978
How do you like that?
So thanks for all the birthday cards. Of course there's no money in that even but
You don't need any money you make it all that way. That's what you think you guys don't know my church
383 votes on the pool. How's mode doing he's starting to move up a little bit
What about in the last 25 years has had the greatest negative impact on South Florida?
Moe Howard comes to town nine
Started out very late on this poll, but he's starting to move up a little bit. He's up to guy in fact
It's just changing again in one moment please. Oh 12
Oh
Making a late run one of those strong closures in this stretch
Liberty City riots 15
Alien on 25 hurricane andrew 38. I want to thought her can Andrew would have had more votes
It's too long ago people are already forgetting
We just got through with the 10th anniversary. We just had like 80 billion hours of coverage on it. That's true
And a church changed the uh face of this town in so many ways none of them good
Alien on 25 hurricane andrew 38 the 2000 hanging Chad election 107 and the marial boat lift 197
50%
Said the marial boat lift was a and it was
You could drive it at that time. I was working a W snooze back in 80
Donald Ludlowman Dixie and as you drove home up Dixie highway depending on where you live
But in my case, I guess it was up the old Hershey highway the Ho Chi Minh trail is what you used to call it
You know, there would be like here's the car over here. There's a dead body and this one
I'm not exaggerating there were a couple nights
I drove home and they were like cars off to the side of the road after there was like
some incidents you know
And then the convenience store that was right across from the old beauty parlor that our station was located in formerly a beauty parlor
We didn't have any beauties working in there though
Oh, I think that place could have been uglier than here
But anyway, that place was getting held up like every well at least once a week
After the marial boat lift the courageous fleet of fleet and flotilla
See I hate to break the news to you boys and girls. It's got nothing to do with bigotry
That's not the way to do a immigration policy. Okay. We learned the hard way while we didn't learn the hard way
And this thing that went on with the Haitians, you know as much as I realized that they're being discriminated against and it's a grotesque racist policy
Which it is and that this secret George W. Bush policy that they sneaked through there this last December
Which they don't want to talk about or tell anybody where it came from
That says that they got special treatment. See the Cubans got special treatment on one side
They got special good treatment the what-foot dry foot you can get here. You can stay regardless of anything
And also the Chinese of course, it's a long swim, you know for the Chinese
But and the Haitians we got a specialty of for you, but it's on the other side of the deal. So you get the raw deal
We're gonna stick you in some detention camp as long as we feel like it and then maybe if we're if you look real nice at us
And give us some free tightly sewn baseballs
Then maybe we'll give you a political solemn here and then sip your ass back
Yeah, that's the way it works
But you got to get control of it and I'll say it again the fact that this community isn't up in arms that people aren't like jumping off and tall buildings over the inability of the coast guard
The ship came in to a ship the boat the Rick and he boat comes in two miles from the goddamn coast guard
man
What is that all about?
And all the peasant who you believe if they were tracing them all the way and they let them get this code and see the rationale was all
We were afraid if we interdicted them and stopped them we have a lot of drownings at sea
Right, well, there's at least some incident that happened before that that's right well
So is that the new policy in other words the message that goes out if you can get close enough to come in here
Then we'll just we'll let you come because we don't want you to drown. That's a beautiful message to send out
And
Then if the other stories are true that they caught them off guard
Oh, they just slipped through that says a hell of a thing about home my insecurity
Basically want to go home and just hump my time-race blow blow up doll
Humps something
We're gonna have most up to 13 votes already. I'm confident. He's gonna start moving up in the pack. I could be wrong about that
Never sell him short
Simple that bag. Oh
Here's uh four Myers. Hello. Hey Neil. Long time no talk. How you doing? I really
Miss you I live on Santa belt so the only way I can get you is if I stand on the tallest building without code hanger
Good idea. Hey that company really screwed us the beesleaves by taking us off that seven 70
You know we had at least 20 30 people listening over there
You were definitely the the only show that ever had any listeners consistently
That I'm sure about yeah, the reason why I called is you know
Like I said, I don't get to listen very often, but you you've talked about the debates. I can imagine up in central Florida. Yeah
I something really struck me as funny as when uh
Uh at the very end when russard asked them what they most admire about each other
And in the pelvic bride pauses and he says well, I admire his mother
Martha Washington, yeah
Yeah, and and uh, uh, you know just followed it off with a big grin and he admired uh McBride
um
War record
So you know it was just a typical bush
diverging from the from the facts by the way speaking a war record and talking about a dirty campaign
How do you like this thing for the center race in Georgia?
Max Cleelan who's a triple amputee he lost two legs and an army he volunteered for the service in Vietnam
Lost two legs in an arm and his opponent is republican opponent says he's unpatriotic
Yeah, how do you like that?
Well, what's that make me then see if he really would have in patriotic he'd lost the other arm too
Right. What does it make you a communist that baby communist?
Yeah, okay. Have a great day. Well, I miss you. Fine. See you
There's a communist there's a card from uh Richard McVeah world buddy from flamenco records. I sure hope he's gonna send me my plan for 2003
Do you know how important those things are to me?
So what the planner?
Don't you know what that is plan or book little little book for the year. It's got to like the day
Don't you understand what that is? Well in your case a guy that loses a hundred dollar bill after uh
Not if you're striking out a treasure island. Oh the planner the planner the planner
What is it? That was like a planter in my plan through. Yeah, uh
Maybe your garden
My 2003 planner I need that badly and Richard McVeah always sends me one every year
So come on back dick, but he evidently is an omg stood on figures. He's a pervert
And here's a picture of the beautiful sea palace Chinese restaurant and it's um
I can't think of the name of that road, but like uh if you if you're driving out to the airport in the cab or in a car or in a
Pop up toaster
You go by this thing. I've seen it a million times
Of course the way to go to the airport is really on the train from central station is the little like it only took me like 10 years to figure that out
Seriously, I'm a moron. I admit it. I'm a schmuck
I'm a real pus you realize that until two years ago. I've been going to Amsterdam and all over Europe for like 15 years
Till two years ago. I never went on the tram once
Because I didn't know how it worked
No seriously. I didn't know how much you had to do to get on there. I don't want to be like a moron, you know
I didn't have my stripping card and you don't have to have your stripping card
You can actually pay for right on the tram which pisses everybody else out because they don't want to stand behind you know
Why'd you get in your aros out? I think I got a stripping cart right in my wallet right now to anybody
And I just want to see my stripping cart
I bet your car must be excited to see it
Oh yeah, I don't have one. Yeah, do it here you go. No, I didn't
Do I have it? No, don't have it. Yeah, no no. Yeah
Don't have one in there. I got them at home in my little sack
It's just like a little like a little card
Now they got like blank spaces and every time you go on or they ask you how it depending on how far you're going
It's usually two spaces. It's one zone in zona and they just stamp the thing and that's it
That's good for I think like an hour hour and a half something like that
Got it
Got that anyway when I'm trying to say something schmuck and anybody never been to this place before
She was a beautiful place
So thanks a lot for the postcard from Amsch that I'm making me feel real bad about being here
Dick but I'll be out of here pretty soon. Ha ha ha
I'll be out of here real soon by ma. Oh, yeah, I haven't told her yet because yeah
I'm only 60 years old on Tuesday and I got answered to her you know that that whole business about
Nozzy mothers like I got to answer to her can you see here?
Well, you'll you'll find out when you get to be 60 70 whatever if if your mother is still around is your mother still around
Oh, yeah, oh, I see I could have been very embarrassing. You could have said oh my mom died five years ago
Yeah, you're still answering now forget about this
20 30 40 years ago. She'll still be giving you the same crap
About be sure to put on your gulaches and don't do this and don't go running around too much and don't do that. Oh, geez
I'm out of here soon ma soon out of this rat and festive
grotesque death mel place
man
Even a cockroach. You notice the minute it's a good thing too because we had the everybody worried about West Nile virus
I noticed that when I came back here all of us keto's left on too. They couldn't handle it here anymore
They went to infect people elsewhere
421 votes and Moe's moving into fifth place
haha
Let's hear for them all best there baby
Because he is amazing. It's always fun when we put him on the pole because he just
Shocks the hell out of you when you think he's got no chance. I'm getting pounded. Yeah, looks like it
27 past 11 at 560 WQA and speaking of pounding if that's what's happening on your mattress like at Miguel's house
By the way before what we had on the wall
Was a clearance came in and said he was raping somebody. I don't want to say who we said he was raping
Okay, cuz that would be I'm getting pounded but nevertheless that was the banging against the wall
And I offered him one of these are big black
Device here, but he said next time
He said now that I loosened him up a little bit maybe next time. Oh sorry Heather. I'm sorry
For your tender ears. We would only see him things like that. She's probably listening right now
She's probably a big fan of the show don't want to admit it, okay
Everybody loves Heather from Fox News. We'll make you star honey. Yeah, Flea Bailey. He'll make you start too
If you want to get you a new mattress for all the pounding whatever else you're gonna be doing
Hopefully a lot of sleeping as well then call our good friends at dial amat first one 800 mattress
They give you so much more than just great service
They give you a choice all the top manufacturers in the world and I should know because I've been by my mattresses from these people for about
300 years
They got certain series Simmons King coil no store no betting store no department store can match their selection
Especially they're exceptionally low every day prices and as far as deliveries concerned almost nobody anywhere delivers like they do
They let you choose the day of the week any day seven days into our window like noon to two one to three two fourteen to four
Fourteen ones convenient for you and they actually show up on time
They take away the crappy old betting set up your brand new one and you'll be sleeping like a baby for years to come
And they give you that 30-day in-home comfort guarantee to let you try it out the right way by sleeping on it
Instead of like lying down on a filthy piece of plastic for 30 seconds
So pick up the phone and call dial amatrist right now. They'll be there in no time at all. They deliver
Everything they say they do one 800 mattress one 800 MATT RES be sure and tell them old Neil put in a call or check them out of their website
macros.com
line and local
sports video 560
Q
A
M
A
Welcome back to the glittering page entry of the mohawada name of the show we have a full duck it today
Including the cavalcade of our articulate athlete of yours
You know that pipe smoke is still at it
What what singing for those songs
Make it fun on me they make fun on the other time I don't know why they don't adore me
They're there everything will be alright, no
Did you hear me a fairy you queer yet tube jumper real men don't touch only during the game
Yes, ma'am. They want singing. I'll give them singing get on a piano over there. Okay, Mom now hit it
Back in my day men was
Straight
The end is
That's why I can't tolerate
Tis gunsling gaze
Point over and keep back
Ah
More on but some animal my wing fell off I got okay. All right. Where were we?
Poor holes were in game
I'll take it from here the guys that like the worship men
Good thing we won't see more than your way living out of my dad
Didn't mean to soothbrush day
Did it or to tickle her
He
Jesus Christ
26th of luna 560 that wasn't mad Roger call before somebody tells Carlos off here that it was mad
Roger they would bet their life on it. Well, guess what? I can't hear life
That wasn't mad Roger. What's it? He loves this show. He loves me and of course Linsamie was probably beating with a
Mom, maybe that's what he hopes whip him to pieces, you know if he did that
The caller that was screaming about how many house Negroes did Clinton have it
Well, what does that have to do with anything anyway? See it's that's always the tactic, you know divert divert divert
Well, what does that have to do with George W?
Clinton ain't in there anymore, but they just love beating up on them because they're jealous. He was getting more action than they are
And of course in uh, well Matt Roger's case. I think Andy Sullivan maybe turned Matt down. That's why he's been out of shape today
441 votes
What about in the last 25 years?
Had the greatest negative impact on South Florida Liberty City riot 17
Moe Howard David coming to town 23. He's about to pass alien like he's standing like he's uh floating still
Moe Howard David 23 alien 27. See how close that's getting the hurricane and you're 43
2000 hanging chattelation 113 and the Murray all boat lift 2018
218 people in this pool today said that the Maryl boat lift
Had the greatest impact of anything in the last 25 years in this town
Of course, so we asked for the greatest positive impact it would certainly have to be that wonderful weekend a couple of weekends ago when
Heracun's VFSU and when the Adolfins beat Denver and we found out we were so blessed
Of course blessed briefly though. See because even the Lord's blessings don't last forever
566 705 60 pound 560 on the ATT whatever the ATT line here's Bokeh hello. Hey, how you doing?
Okay, a while around the topic of Fox News. I was reading then Michael Moore's book stupid white man
Uh-huh. No wait wait wait. Oh, yes, to be white man's white man's white horse book right now. Yeah, the
The night of the 2000 election when there was all the confusion of who who won
A decision was made by the the man in charge at the Fox News Channel to go out first and say that
Bush won well the man in charge
Who made this decision was John Ellis?
Yeah, who's John Ellis? He's the first cousin of George W and Jeb Bush
How do you like that? Yeah, so I just want to pass that along
Exactly more drama. I guess you didn't see John Gibson last night either, huh? No, I didn't I don't want to check that
Pretty embarrassing that they did a ten-minute segment with this big thing. They're trying to whip up about
Not much to do about nothing on this show and one person saw it in a whole audience. Well, it's not
Fox News is George Bush's network
Exactly. There you go. It's not our crowd. Thanks a lot. Yeah
Who do you like better John Ellis or Shirley Ellis the name game?
Huh
Now what what is that under the name game? Oh, it's under ebonics name game is what it's under you know. Yeah
Always like Shirley Ellis man
And old doc Ellis too
Come on everybody
We gonna play a game
We be flipping to get that razz
And he finally to be the name
Yo, what you doing now? You take a bunch of dope work
It bucks some skills to make it razz
Check out what I've been kicking
You haven't done a no-touch
Jesus
he's
Home
queen
It's a funny it's a funny that kind of permanent
That one is a funny anima
He's moving up with lightning speed even Ricky never ran that fast.
22 till noon at 5.60. QA and we got the mad dog at one. Let me take a look at that schedule here.
Hank at three. I was going to say with a clean slate but we got the Dave Wands that show in there.
The Bacardi. They want that show between 5.30 and 6.30.
7 o'clock it's was it who does college football preview with Clarence who's going to be talking about his exciting sexual experience this morning with the mole.
Josh Dero Joe Moe and the Don Bailey Jr. I love that promo that we go. We're Don Bailey Jr. Come and say hey I'm Don Bailey Jr.
And I'm Joseph Gackie. You know it's just Joe it's not personally a good guy but God are you boring.
Any K from GA at 10 o'clock tonight and ESPN radio which really sucks with a bunch of and I got to take issue with mad dog.
I heard him one day the other day a few days ago talking about Tony Bruno and how entertaining he is.
Tony Bruno is an asshole man he's the biggest laugh in hyena. I would have fake.
So like Santa Claus and drag Tony Bruno my ass mad dog. Of course he also likes red of on the assistant.
Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening
Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening
Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening.
This is my permanent
16-till note at 560 WDQM.
So here, Troy Stratford just brings this into me
who happens to be very black by the way with a bald head
and don't find the show in the least bit racist.
But at any rate, here's an email that somebody sent
to my good friend Steve Wolf who was the PR man
at Pompooh Park, one of our fine sponsors on the show.
See, this is always part of the game.
You know, this is partly game plan at Fox.
We're gonna get that son of a bitch off of here.
Not because they think I'm really a racist,
but because of the fact they don't like the liberal rap
that goes on in this show, that's what it's all about.
They don't want anybody on the air except,
I guess basically except they're right wingers.
They have the other people on there just for window dressing
in a like Alan Combs, who says,
he's as weak as a piece of limp spaghetti.
He's just, there is a foil for Sean Hannity.
But at any rate, I won't even use the guy's name on the air
because he's not a public figure all the way.
We could gladly make him one.
One of the patrons of Pompooh Park says,
I'll go to other race tracks as long as your sponsor
Neil Rogers radio show.
He's a racist and owes an apology to come
and leads to rise in other blacks of accomplishment.
Well, there are many blacks of accomplishment.
In fact, one of the people I was quoting
when my conversation yesterday was Harry Belaflade,
who looks kind of black to me.
I have nothing against Harry.
In fact, when I was a kid, I actually had the banana boat song.
They go all of that stuff, you know?
Oh, so Harry's okay.
And anyway, the response from Steve Wolf is,
dear Mr. So-and-so, although we at Pompooh Park
don't always agree with Neil's opinion,
we do believe in free speech.
Neil treats everyone the same
and if everybody thought he was a racist,
the show would not have been on the air for the past 25 years.
And he wouldn't have the number one radio talk show
in South Florida.
Pompooh Park is proud to be a sponsor
Neil show since that he started
and we will continue to do so.
If he really offends you, then please turn to another channel.
I hope you'll continue to be a patron of Pompooh Park
despite our disagreements on radio talk show hosts.
Nice going, Steve.
I always knew you had it in you.
Well, I hoped you did.
Wasn't too sure.
There you go, Steve Wolf had Pompooh Park.
So you can try all the old games.
And like I said, they're not even in the market.
What they're trying to do is stir up a bunch of crap
from outside.
Let's silence all the other voices.
All we can have on a year in America now
is G Gordon Litty, Rush Limbaugh, Bill,
no confused me with the facts or Riley, Olly North.
And that's it.
Oh, and Alan Key speaking of Dark folks, right?
One token right winged Dark guy
who is not a man of accomplishment.
Anybody seen him on MSNBC lately?
No.
See, there are dark folks who are good dark folks
and then there's dark folks who are bad dark folks
like for example, Clarence Token Thomas.
And what, what that was his first name?
J.T. what?
J.C.
Well, all those docs they got the initials.
You know, all those ex-jocks from Oklahoma.
J.C. what?
What?
He ain't in there no more.
He finally got out.
Very sad.
In fact, if you want to take a look at the members
of, I don't want to go through the whole thing.
Not anymore of it.
Not anymore is responding to, okay?
Arrested by the tram police in Amsterdam.
I got to get to that call.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Yeah, I lived in lights of plane a couple years ago.
And when I first moved there, it was so funny.
It was near the Reich Museum.
I got on the tram out of lights of plane.
And I wasn't really sure how to use those tickets
you were talking about.
Right.
And I didn't buy one.
And I was just, uh, did you ever get on the tram
when like five or six of those red coats
would come on storming across people?
Twice.
All of the, all the thousands of times that I've used
the tram over there.
Twice, I've been on it.
Of course, I'm always a good guy.
You know, I wish the, the ones that are like, um,
I'm, some are conductor trams,
where they actually, most of them are conductor trams,
where you have to give it to the conductor to stamp it.
And then they have some of the others like number 16 and 24,
where you have to fold over your,
a different guy sticking in the machine and stamp it yourself.
So if you really don't know the layout of the land,
it's very easy to do that.
But twice I've been on there and the guys in the coats came on
and they all of a sudden they just come out of nowhere.
It seems like I mean,
they come out of nowhere, exactly.
And it was very, it was right on the spot, a hundred guilders.
Yeah. You know, I mean, boom, you're,
and I was ridiculed and I felt like an idiot.
And there was a, there was a young couple last time I saw
that happened to some August was there was a young couple
had their dog under with them on the tram.
And the guy came by and they were like,
they were trying to like walk off his hat.
And they blocked their way like no chance, you know?
No, they got a, and they said,
well, let, well, let the dog go this time.
And I was, they didn't find the dog,
but they find them and they made him pay before they let them
off the tram.
And regarding the racism thing,
listening just briefly, you know,
people mix opinion with racism.
You're, you're, you're just, you're talking opinion,
you're, you're spotting your opinion.
It's far from racism.
We live in such a homogenized vanilla society here in America now.
And you know, when you live over there,
you get a real good understanding of why you don't want
to live here anymore.
We don't have too many vanilla cheeks here though.
No, exactly.
Have a great day, pal.
Like life.
See you on a, a rumored plane.
And something.
So there's a guy that got that's very rare because you don't
see them that often.
They don't come out of the, the tram police.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Rolling along, singing a song.
I already got one protest there to Pompat O Park.
I got news for you, sir.
OK.
I'm going to say he's going to go to another track.
Is this guy going to go to another,
go to another harness track?
Is there another harness track?
No, there's not.
He'll be at Pompat O Park.
In fact, he'll be there.
I'll guarantee with bells on.
Pungent is brains out.
Probably gambit away the goddamn lunch money.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
That was calling also about that caller
that has to put in this house in the garage.
Yeah.
That sounded like Matt Rudge to me.
Did it?
Sure did.
Why would he do that?
Yeah, he's a big fan of mine.
Why would he do that?
I don't know.
Maybe he, maybe, he probably could call up
and he wouldn't recognize his voice.
Listen, forget about the voice.
I didn't recognize him when he walked in here
a couple of weeks ago.
He was here with Lynn Samuels.
And he says, I'm just a driver today.
I thought it was her limo driver, right?
I see.
Have his hat on?
No.
I've seen the guy only twice in my life.
OK, like I'm going to recognize him.
The other thing I was calling about was after that woman
call yesterday.
Heather.
Heather the bitch.
I went on Google and did a search
to see because she said it was a lot of people upset.
And I figured there'd be a lot of news stories about this.
Right.
I found one news story.
You were a was?
Newsmax.
Yeah, newsmax.
What does math like a real, it's like a right wing thing?
Yeah, it's the right wing piece of crap.
And the only other person that wrote about him
either and that I found was Andrew Sullivan,
that self-hating queen who didn't put my name in.
You know, well, the host who happens to be white,
you know, whatever.
So it's it's this, you know what this is?
This is a ratings month.
Yeah.
They're trying to start crap up.
Well, then I could have helped them.
I'll guarantee you wouldn't mean.
You got your main man when you got your number one guy,
Bill O'Reilly on here in this market.
He's got a zero, no measurable audience.
I didn't going to work here.
So I say say no to Fox News.
Just say no.
And head of the bitch.
OK, see you.
Hi.
How do you like that?
How do you make a tremendous impact here?
Now, we've been on almost three hours today.
We had one person, one nice lady, who saw yesterday,
John Gibson.
See, when I turn him on, I mean,
you think all those ugly OJ days on and I immediately flip off.
I flip him off and that's it.
And evidently, a lot of other people do as well.
I do like that guy in the morning though, on CNN.
I can't stand Paula.
She makes me nauseous.
She makes me want to do need my pants.
But what's the guy's name again?
I wrote it down here somewhere.
I'll never find it.
You know, the crusty guy that got under Jack something.
Jack off.
Whatever his name is.
He's a panic.
And he this morning was going off on it.
It was incredible.
A Harvey Pitt.
It was sensational.
By the way, anybody remember Pittson Lee?
No.
Here's a lady from Pimper Pines.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm Neil.
How are you?
Long time less for first time caller.
Wanted to tell you happy 60 F for you on Tuesday.
Thank you.
And yeah, Heather is a bitch.
Yeah.
Because I mean, just trying to make you look and trying
to make everybody look bad.
And then I love this thing they do.
And of course, they're probably trying to suck me
into a big thing about it, which I'm not going to do.
I've been around too long for that.
But they got to put my picture on here
and then show the building, the station, everything.
And here's the guy that's erratious.
And they twisted all out of proportion, you know.
But I'm to hell with them, you know.
Yeah, to hell with them.
That's true.
Also, you had that piece about the N word.
I'm female on N black.
And it doesn't offend me.
So a lot of those are the black people out there
who get offended by it.
They need to get over it.
It's the word that they do.
We've been playing that for months.
We've never had anybody of any color say
that they were offended by it.
I find it hilarious.
And I enjoy it.
So keep up the good work.
Thanks a lot.
Have a great day.
See, there's a nice black lady.
She's not offended by anyone.
I don't know why.
Because unlike the people as Fox, not just Heather,
but all the people at Fox, they don't have a sense of humor.
Because the people at Fox take it all very seriously.
Because they're there to change the world.
Not for the better, just for the return to the right.
As far to the right as they can turn us.
You may be fooling a lot of people out there,
but not too many in this audience.
I'll tell you that, Heather.
But it is November, sweeps coming up.
So I guess they're trying to look again.
Siphon the audience off it is.
Show them a big thing about it.
That's my comment.
OK.
That's my response, Heather.
And as far as John Gibson's concerned, man,
is that real hero?
Is that the thing that's on his head?
Pretty weak.
Almost rivals Aaron Browns, but not as bad.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How you doing?
OK.
I'm going to be, I think, a show.
Yeah.
This is a nigga who loves a show.
Yes?
Yeah.
I found a show yesterday.
Yeah.
Oh, you saw what show?
The show where we're gifting?
Oh, and John Gibson, you're the one.
It was an accident, by the way, because I
was attending my TV on.
But they also had you as one of the top 25 DJs of all time,
which I was really glad to hear.
So in other words, it wasn't all bad.
No, they had to have one little slip thing in there.
You know, that was good.
Yeah.
Well, nothing's perfect.
Yeah, well, you know, this is the right wing, you know,
they want to shut everybody up, you know?
Well, don't.
Don't forget, vote three or four times just to spite them
on Tuesday.
Right on.
OK.
OK.
See you, nigga.
That's fine.
Bye.
See, there's one of my nigger friends.
I mean, let's say we've been doing it on the show.
And that's another thing.
When you come in from the outside,
and you pretend you know something,
because you read a bunch of crap on some stupid ass website.
So the guy that called me for and said that that was Matt
Rudge also claimed that Matt Rudge was
going to put Newsmax, that come up
to that whole thing in the first place.
Is that what the guy told you?
Yep.
See, I would never dream that because my close friend
Lynn Samuels is like this with Matt Rudge.
And he follows her mind like a little puppy dog.
And I would be very hard, press to believe that.
All of it's possible.
Maybe Matt's trying to whip up a little controversy.
Maybe he didn't get a trick or a treat on Halloween last night.
I don't know what his deal is.
I don't know.
Five and I don't really don't care.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 pound, five, 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon, wireless line on a tremendous Friday.
You can feel it.
You can smell it.
It's in the air, baby.
Must be that big game coming up Monday night.
Here's Palm Beach, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just want to thank you very much for getting
that nasty, not the cute bag bitch straight from Fox.
And you notice the first thing she did,
she started with the name call and she tried to give you
that label, the liberal book.
When you call yourself that, when did I ever come on here
and say, I'm the voice of the great liberals.
When did I ever say that?
Exactly.
And what if you were?
And right away, the same thing they did that with Palm Dashel,
he was the obstructionist.
And then Al Gore, he wore a blue suit one day
and he was reinventing himself.
And it's the liberal media.
And all you are.
By the way, who's ever been more critical of Al Gore
than I've been, by the way?
So this bull crap, like I'm every,
they don't have no idea what they're talking about.
Well, is there anyone who disagrees with them
or a God forbid you should have your own opinion?
No, you're against them.
It looks like they say you're with us, you're against us.
And what that means is if you don't share their view,
you're against them, you're the enemy.
And I thought this guy in the White House
was supposed to be the uniter.
Oh, yeah.
Compassionate conservatism, right?
He's divided this country.
He's the clear war on Democrats.
As a matter of course.
As a matter of fact, you're right.
Supposedly after 9-11, you remember all those hearts
and flowers, things, the media kept saying about,
oh, we've never seen the country so united.
Take a look at all the polls right now.
And it keeps saying about the election on Tuesday
is split right down the middle.
It's like 50-50.
It's like, just there's like a straight line
dividing the country, not geographically,
politically, right down the middle.
And another thing too,
that on the Palm Beach Post and the Front Pays,
they have a big color picture of Giuliani with Jeb Bush.
And I've about had it with Giuliani too.
They keep making his guy out to be a hero.
Hero, my ass, he stood down, he gave directions.
Is all he did, the people were the heroes,
were the firemen who were going up the stairs
while the people were coming down the stairs.
Don't say who loud, he'll come down here
and close all the bars down.
Now he didn't do crop Giuliani,
they all Giuliani would.
He didn't do anything.
What the hell would he do?
He said, yeah, go left down broad street, make a w-
That's all he did was get direction.
But he did wear a mean face mask.
And as far as Homeland Security goes,
I mean, we couldn't even keep out El Ducay.
Amen.
Thank you.
Or more Howard, have a great day.
And I say one thing, he wore a better face mask
than Johnny Barr, who didn't wear one old Johnny.
Let's suit him up, what do you say Pat Quinn?
Let's get Johnny Barr, can't be anywhere
so what we got?
My, my, and look all this is 43560.
You ain't way, yeah.
Error, it needed 12 to 1 hour on WQA.
Tell me why.
What I do spooks have no change.
No, does it have nothing to do with John?
All the proofs that they hate.
What's that do when they do?
What I do spooks have no change.
What I do spooks have no change.
John, John, tell me why.
John, tell me why.
Why the shit of us all.
John, John, tell me why.
Why their team wear their top cap.
John, John, tell me why.
What I do spooks have no change.
Why the spooks have no change.
What I do spooks have no change.
Why the new day show where their cap's gone.
New day rinse out their mouth with soap for my soul.
Show off their bento work as if we can.
If I found out who their dentist was, I ain't going there.
Oh, why, tell me why.
Why don't spooks blow their nose.
Here that snore from the store.
As they walk past the show.
Notice you, you can't help.
You can't help.
Why don't spooks blow their nose.
Come on three at five sixty.
I tell you what, my good friend, Linda Sandroes,
I'm going to have to have a long chat with her.
Because evidently we just had another spy report off the ear Carlos.
That math rudge was on with Kid Curry.
I mean, Bishop Victor Curry.
I'm at the dark, complex radio station, MBM.
And ripping me in ass and I'm doing this.
And I'm doing that and ripping dark folks.
Now you just heard that bit, which we thought was hysterical, my soul.
And why do dark folks have so many black teeth?
But anyway, what is his problem, Matt, Rudge?
So evidently the self-hating thing that he is, whatever it is that he is,
he's so far off the deep end.
I guess they must be getting really panicky between now and Tuesday.
They must be taking a, doing some inside polling and realizing...
Because this guy, you saw him, were you here today?
He was here with the Lens Amiens?
No, with the other thing.
I mean, he was standing there against the wall laughing and puking.
And this guy is a closet fan of this show, like he wouldn't believe.
That's right.
So I'm going to have to get on the, do a little email or would Lynn.
And see what the hell is wrong with his guy.
Like I said, maybe he got cut off last night or something.
I don't know.
Maybe Andy Sullivan just kicked him out.
Just amazing.
Talk about much you do about nothing.
And of course Bishop Curry, who hates me like poison anyway, just get him all whipped up there.
Kid Curry, Bishop Curry.
I always like Kid Curry, like better than Bishop Curry.
Although I do like Curry a little bit.
Got some good Indian restaurants in Toronto, eh?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
The great Matt Drudge.
Who's like a little boy that some people take seriously and actually put him on a radio.
On WABC and a whole bunch of other stations too, Norm.
Nationwide, Matt Drudge.
The Drudge Report.
Move the move the move the move.
Yeah.
Wow.
Here's South Miami.
Hello.
South Miami's gone.
Uh-huh.
It is now.
Here's Palm Beach.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Eddie Cany wants a G.A.
What do you just say?
Something about G.A.?
Eddie C. runs with G.A.
Oh, great.
Very good.
Excellent call.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
St. Paul Minneapolis.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
How are you doing?
Pleasure speaking with you.
It is.
First time WAP collar.
All right.
A long time listener.
We go way back before Zeta and the bird.
You know, mentioned his ponytail.
All right.
Sometimes I feel myself.
Uh-huh.
Up in the Twin Cities, I'm hooked up on the internet.
And so far, no Haitians to report up here yet.
Damn it.
So far, so good.
Now, I guess what?
We got a couple of hundred.
We're going to send up there in the comments.
I'm looking forward to it.
Buddy, nice and cool up here.
I want to make them real nice and comfortable.
You know what I mean?
Right.
Got a Larry Spirry Port for you.
On Thursday night, he had Heather Mills McCartney on there.
And he referred to her three times as Heather Hills McCartney.
And by the time he was able to get it together,
you could actually watch him stop.
His mouth, his eyes would move around like if his brain was trying to get it together.
And he carefully put out the words,
Mills McCartney, after he was getting it together.
I've been doing this a long time.
Yeah.
Maybe too long.
Yeah.
He must be following apart because now,
Hannity and Sherlock Holmes are beating him on Foxo.
He must be crumbling at the seams.
He's in tough shape.
He is.
I don't see how he's going to make it much longer myself.
But who knows.
He can barely fill out the suspenders.
Pretty soon, I'm going to start slipping off his sloped shoulders.
They look like two mountains on the side of a gallery.
Are you mourning it all the loss of Grandmaster Flash
from Rundi Ampsey at all over their down in Miami?
Oh, yeah.
We're having quite a big thing about that this weekend.
I figured that all the guys down there are going to be gathering
and putting things up on the wall down there.
They're just like when Lenin died back up in the 80s.
Well, Neil, you know, as it stands, my brand muffin is kicking in.
Okay, we're going to have to get out of here. Happy birthday.
Thanks.
Love you.
Hang in there.
Say how to Jesse two and Tomah cut the crap.
Jesse Ventura, that is not the other Jesse.
Oh, see there he go again.
Everything can be turned into a racial thing.
If you want to read it out, well, that's going to be our poll question.
What the hell happened to Matt D'Rudge?
What did he go off the deep end or what?
What is his story?
What was that?
I was on another call, but it wasn't Grandmaster Flash.
It was Grandmaster J.
Oh, excuse me, Grandmaster J. Well, what do I know?
I know how to do a talk.
Okay, come down.
Long me $50.
$56.705.60, what is it?
Pound my what?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, you know, if Heather wants to do some real investigative journalism,
instead of looking at adult radio in Miami,
my suggestion is to take a look at Jeff Bush's activities
when he was the campaign manager for Ross Layton,
the point man to release Orlando Bach,
the Cuban terrorist, who blew up an airplane full of people.
Here we are in the day and age of terrorism,
and we're going to re-elect the governor who,
who tenors eleven years ago said, hey, let's let terrorists out of jail.
Not with my health.
Well, I'll tell you what, buddy.
I already voted.
And I hope that that's how big General Jeff goes down,
just like his ancestor.
And don't forget, vote again Tuesday.
You can't write again.
Okay, see you.
He's whipped up to a frenzy, and that's good.
See, all you people out there trying to get everybody whipped up,
you're going to have like a backlash, baby.
Backlash.
So, Mac, do you call back yet or what?
They are.
$56.705.
Oh, he's too busy with kid career.
$56.705.60.
We'll get a spy report on that or two or three.
Eight minutes past noon, and by the way,
the dark folks have no idea who he is anyway.
Five and a look off this.
This is five six years.
The radio's on your side.
You are.
Friday, you bastard.
Look at the former bath president of the United States, Al Gore.
I have recently poked my head out of the shadows of a bluebion
to take pot shots at the president.
I have reappeared.
Much like Puck's Lutani Phil, the Groundhog creature
that reappears each year to determine whether or not
will have an early spring.
I wish it to be known, but it was I who was responsible for saving the lives
of those nine minors in Pennsylvania over the weekend.
I had asked the media to keep my name out of it as not to appear a spotlight hog.
However, I feel the American people have a right to know the truth.
Here's what happened.
Upon hearing of this unfortunate accident, I will race to the scene.
I lured myself into the mine using an old Ron Popeo pocket fisherman
and some bailing wire.
Down, down, down, into the depths of darkness I sank,
never thinking of my own safety, but rather of the safety of those men on the ground.
When I reached the minors, they said to me,
hey, you're the guy that invented the internet, right?
I said yes.
We all had a Mike's hard lemonade, which I brought with me down into the hole,
and then we sat around and re-enacted the fart scene from blading saddles.
I thought you should know the truth.
And now, much like the Groundhog creature Puck's Lutani Phil,
I'll flink back into the darkness of oblivion until I am needed again.
This is Al Gore.
Flipper hero.
Super hero. It sounds kind of gay.
The way he says that, 12, 13, and 5, 60, I just sent an email to the Lensamials,
and I told her to get a leash and a collar for her buddy Matt.
Well, of course, these are just calls that are coming in from outside.
First of all, I would recognize his voice if he called again six times in a row.
That's number one.
And number two, we don't know if that's true or not.
Maybe he is not with Kid Curry. I'll be sure to curry.
Right.
Because there ain't nobody listening to it anyway.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
But it's really interesting that just four days before the election,
all this stuff is whipping up. These people are off, they've gone off the deep end.
So they must be really very nervous because the only thing that have any consequences going on here
is the Jevster man on Tuesday.
Bill McBride, your next governor and the Jevster.
That's the only thing of any real consequence.
So they must be real nervous.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing now?
Okay.
Hey, I think I might have a spark for you.
Okay.
But I'm not sure about that.
I have a reliable source that the situation you're going through with Heather and what's happening in New York.
Yeah.
I have a friend in New York who says that a certain radio host, morning show host down here,
got all of that stuff started because he complained to his friends in New York
that, you know, the radio personality that I'm down here was hosting a racist radio show.
And all of that stuff got passed around.
Do you know what I mean?
Do you know what I mean?
The host who several months ago suggested that under the guise of Stick,
I'm doing something in the love of other markets, somebody would get a bullet right before.
Yeah.
So it's just a simple way of getting back at you for the things that you're doing to him back here.
Well, it could be.
Yeah.
I think that's where all your problems are going to be.
No, where did you hear this?
Well, I have a friend that lives in New York and he called me and he told me about that website
that you had mentioned the other day.
Yeah, new things.
How do you say that?
Yeah, and he was saying that all of that got started from someone at the radio station down here.
Uh-huh.
And that's where he has powerful friends in the industry that could make a problem for you.
Oh, boy.
I'm just clapping my pants.
Look no further than your radio station for what's happening with that stuff.
Okay, we'll take it under advisement, pal.
Appreciate it.
Thanks.
See you.
Well, I mean, it's possible.
That's cross my mind.
Who hell knows.
We don't sit here like point to finger and make accusations and start putting out memos.
But uh, something that crosses your mind, you know.
Some people act a little wacky at times.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlissa.
See, there's a difference between honor and stick speaking of people talk about stick.
A difference between that and then making suggestions about putting bulletin, somebody's head, things like that.
Things of that nature.
But unfortunately, the people who run this radio station don't understand that.
When that happened way back in March, April, whenever it was, at that point, that should have been nipped in the butt.
See.
But life goes on.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you today?
Okay.
Good.
I have a first time calling.
I would say this show is fantastic.
Finally, someone that's shooting straight from the hip and telling the truth about this nonsense with that.
With everything that's going on in this country lately.
Earlier, you had indicated how much of a split this country is coming up this election.
And what I want to ask is how can half this country be so stupid at the moment?
And buying all this Republican nonsense.
Yeah.
I mean, I think it was a few days ago, you may have heard this that Canada issued a travel warning to some of its citizens.
Yeah, I have that here's a matter of fact.
I never got a word of that story, but I do have it here.
Yeah.
There's one of their middle eastern descent kind of people, yeah.
Yes, I think it would be unwise to travel the United States for fear of detainment or whatever John Ashcroff.
Right.
I mean, certainly on them or something.
But we would think that the people of this country would realize that this is quite possibly one of the most undemocratic regimes that we've had.
I mean, since possibly the second world war.
But I think the old adage of cooking the frog seems to apply here.
If you throw on the frog into a boiling water, it jumps out and feels it.
But if you slowly turn the heat up, it doesn't notice and you've got a frog.
Yeah, good. That's a good point.
But here.
That's just what I want to bring up and just keep up the good work.
And I'm going to continue to listen.
Hopefully a lot more people will start to listen and take your message to heart.
That's hope. Thanks a lot.
Okay, thank you.
Well, there's a lot of people who are just playing stupid, you know, 5607.0560.560 on the 18th day.
That'd be our poll on Monday.
Who do you think started all this crap?
We'll put him on there too, as a matter of fact, Mo.
Now that we got that, and like I said, I'm not making any accusations here, but it certainly is crossed my mind.
After that grotesque, unbelievable comment that was made several months ago on this radio station.
And of course, the people are running this place.
Ehh, you know.
I guess there's somebody to get a free pass, maybe because they're, you know, advanced in age or whatever it might be.
I don't know what the deal is.
Maybe because there's a sympathy factor involved.
5607.0560.560 on the 18th and T line.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
This is Bino C-
Yeah, okay.
That's here in from your Bino.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, everyone's getting that DJ's name wrong from Rundy MC.
Yeah.
It's Jim Master J.
Jim Master J. Well, Carlos had it wrong. He's the one that screw us all up.
Yeah, Jim Master J.
And I got a couple things to say about that Haitian thing.
First of all, it's not really an issue of not protected borders because they had footage of the boat when it was way out.
That wasn't file footage of some other boat.
They had been watching it for a lot of miles.
Uh-huh.
And normally I'm the first one to cry conspiracy with the election thing, but what you all have to look at is how do we know who organized the boat?
So, if all the way back in Haiti.
Mm-hmm.
So, I don't know.
Well, well, what does that have to do with the way it's handled when it gets here?
I mean, there's certainly that possibility of timing with strange.
Yeah.
Uh, I don't really know. I don't have too much of an opinion.
I work with a lot of Haitian people at work in the kitchen.
I work at a restaurant.
Right.
And they're all good, hard working people.
I don't know about everyone else back in their neighborhood, but I think they should say personally.
Okay. Thanks a lot.
Yep.
Five.
Twenty pass number 560 WQM5670560.560 on the AT&T line.
What we only got like 40 minutes left, I got to hurry. Don't come here. Look like that.
525 votes on the pool.
Which event in the last 25 years has had the greatest negative impact on South Florida?
Liberty City riots 19, alien on 29.
Moe Howard David coming to town, 47.
Hurricane Andrew, 56. He's moving right down the edge of the hurricane.
2,000 hang-in chat election 127.
Mary El Boliv 247.
Mary Elito's man.
Not too thrilled, but the way that whole thing was mishandled.
I was going to say handled, mishandled.
Well, what is it?
Tram Story 2 from Amstadam?
Another one.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy free birthday.
Thanks.
Yeah, Tram Story.
Getting to Amsterdam, staying in the museum, flying, jumping to number 16.
My first day there.
Me and my girlfriend.
I had an idea of the thing work, so I think I could pay the driver.
Driver says he doesn't have change.
And I said, so what do I do?
And he goes, that's your problem.
If they arrest you, they arrest you.
Just like that.
The next day I go and get my stripping cotton.
And you just punch it.
That's all you got to do.
Right.
Right.
What were you saying that you didn't know how to use it at all or when you first got over there?
Well, when I first got over there, the first 10 years I was going there.
I had no idea how well I didn't know from stripping card.
I didn't know what to do with it, etc.
So I just tried to get you.
You can get on and off without even paying, but if you get busted, you got to pay.
Right.
I know that now.
I'm an expert now.
Now you're an expert.
Well, thanks a lot, Neil.
Have a good day.
Toe-teens.
Do we?
Let's do a Miami next.
Hello.
Aineel, how are you?
Good.
Hey, listen.
I hate to rehashing.
Did you ever find out yesterday who Cory Donnelly you played in the Godfather?
Yeah, he was Connie's a boyfriend, right?
And Connie's a dislike boyfriend.
I remember when she brought him home and he was like, eh, like that.
Right, and Godfather 2, not 3.
Right.
You know, John Cazale, Fredo, you know, he was dying during the deer hunter.
Did you ever see that movie?
Yes.
He was on the verge of death.
And when they released that movie, he was already pushing up daisies.
That'll teach him to sit you on to set up his brother, you know?
I just wanted to help you out, man.
Thanks for the good news.
Yeah.
Poor Fredo.
He's dead.
Poor Fredo.
So he was dying during the filming of that movie of deer hunter.
How do you like that?
I thought it was Al Pacino all the time who had that line.
I'm dying over here.
Attica, Attica, what a movie, huh?
Attica.
You read an interesting boy from a girl, whatever it was.
Here's a Pemberpine, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy first off, happy birthday.
Happy Shivuas.
Yeah, and have many more in Photoshop.
I just wanted to tell you, you know, with this thing with Haitians and stuff like that.
You know, I think it's not right.
It is kind of racist or just, you know, not to let them have a chance at life.
I mean, the Cubans did it.
Look how many Cubans came over here.
And they made a life for themselves.
Well, I mean, for the government to set up a separate policy in terms of keeping them confined while they're here,
as opposed to anybody from just about any other country in the world who comes here and they get, you know,
they get the exam and physically to make sure they're not bringing us any new diseases, et cetera, old ones.
And then they, you know, they stay with their friends or family or somebody holds onto them for a while until they get their political son.
And we process them and see if they've got a real legitimate reason to be here.
And then we send it back where they came from.
But with Haitians, we have this administration.
And what it's in power right now, all of a sudden decided, well, we've got a separate rule for you.
We just don't want to talk about it.
Well, you know, that's, you know, I guess a double standard, you might say.
And keep in mind, the Cubans have political clout.
And what Haitians do not, that's what a borrows down to.
Hey, they, they changed the name to the, to the, uh, arena, didn't they?
Yeah.
I didn't know that.
It's not the, uh, yeah, right to Yanta Center.
No office, the office depot, office depot pencils and pads in the crap center.
Have a great day, pal.
All right.
And they keep changing the name because all these places keep going out of business like Enron Field, things like that.
Yeah.
It's waycoes.
How about pro player stadium?
What are they going to ever rename that thing pro player went out of business like a year ago, didn't they?
Yeah.
They went, they went under.
They took a cramp.
How come I can inspire reports from my NBM?
Wouldn't you think that a lot of our folks listen to NBM?
No.
No, maybe one.
And was that a dark guy that called you to give you that spy report?
Because why folks did not listen to WNB and more Bishop Curry?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I thought for sure that was Matt George, immediately when I heard his voice.
Anyway, I don't know why you think that day.
He's such a buddy of yours.
I mean, I personally heard him at least for a couple of cases to rip you a big one on his show.
Really?
Especially during the...
During the...
During the what?
During the election debacle.
Yeah.
Well, what's happening with this calls?
Did I do that?
Where is this guy?
You may remark about, you know, ingest about starting a riot because Republicans are rioting in downtown.
Yeah.
And then you went up next day for vacation.
And on his show, he quoted you as inciting a riot.
And then you...
Then you...
In fear for your life, or somehow you decided to leave town to get away from the heat of having made that statement.
Oh, my God.
I mean, it was...
He...
He's talking about a guy that sat here through Mary Elfaraught two years and sat with 80 billion.
We had legal past full of death threats and he said, I'm afraid I'm afraid for my life.
I mean, he...
He...
He implied you had made those inflammatory statements about getting people to riot.
And then you split town.
But let me...
Let me say this here.
Let me say this.
I have never heard this man on the year in my life.
He came to one of our appearances at the pizza loft with Lynn Samuel's a couple of years ago.
I guess it's more than that three, four years ago.
Uh, pretends to be a real big groupie, kind of a closet groupie.
Yeah.
And Lynn, who's a big fan of mine, I email back and forth with her all the time.
Who's...
Who's...
You gotta...
I don't know if you ever looked at her website. It's phenomenal.
I mean, she's...
I've heard her many times.
She's a real liberal and real legitimate and a good friend.
They do show together.
But she...
I have to say I don't understand that because she came in here a couple of weeks ago just to say,
I would book a bride and MacDrudge was in here with her, which I didn't recognize him because I see him once in my life.
And laughing and sucking up.
So maybe he's got some kind of a, you know, but a little bit of kind of a problem, you know what I mean?
Yeah, well listen, he has sometimes, uh, his show, uh, for filling in for that nutcase in Orlando, Schmidt.
He'll...
Him and the landlord will do a show together, like, you know, uh, back and forth.
Yeah.
So I know that there are, you know, there are a lot of the judges that drive.
I guess...
During the last break, I sent her an email because she had sent me one this morning and said,
what's up with your buddy?
He's going off the deep end.
Yeah, so, man, he loves you the big...
He's been on social a lot too. He's a big buddy with Phil out in the late.
Really?
Are you sure?
He's been on social.
Yeah.
And he has Phil on his website sometimes.
He's going to be on the show, I guarantee you that.
Well, yeah, he makes the most stick to...
I don't...
You know, it's...
If he's made your big buddy, he should ask him about that.
Okay. Thanks for the good news.
Alright.
Yeah.
I never said he was my big buddy because I don't know him.
I said he pretends to be a big groupie and then of course that little George...
Oh, Matt Dredge's love his show.
He loves you.
He loves you.
Yeah, all that crap.
Yeah, of course it's George.
You know that George is just a...
George is just one of those things.
27th past noon at 560 WQAM.
Hey, Poppano Park is open for live harness racing three great nights a week every Wednesday,
Friday, like tonight and Saturday for his post-time 7.15 in the PM.
Free general parking, free clubhouse and grandstand admission every afternoon and night.
And of course, simulcasting every day from a high-lie harness and thermo-attracts all around the country starting at noon every day of your life.
Come on out and enjoy an evening, a great harness racing action.
Root from...
For winter from the rail treats yourself through a private box seat on the fourth floor or enjoy a Ben and Jerry's hot-punch Sunday.
We're slice of a lot of these pizza.
Don't forget every Wednesday at the track is Dollar Night.
You can get you in a draft beer, hot dogs, soda, large pretzel or popcorn, only a bucket piece.
And on the top of the track on a sixth floor, it's the great dining room.
Chef Kirk Lade's nightly specials are phenomenal and they got the best seafood steaks and primer bideners in town.
And like Steve Wright's in here, even I near Rogers enjoy eating at the top of the park restaurant.
I might cost you a little bit more than it cost me.
You got your own little private TV monitor. You can watch the local races and races from all over the world.
There's also a great audience you can eat for a fan of 4th or 4th players lunch for just 10.95 for person every night that we have live racing.
Every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, don't forget we have early post-time for the first race now, 7.15 tonight at Pompo-No Park Powerline Road of Black South of Atlantic Boulevard, where Steve Wolf is our good pizzer.
I'm the fun hero and the team of players, that's all he can write.
You weigh in on us.
Okay, just relax.
I had to go on the on-screw of the facts machine and was frozen up.
Okay, just calm down.
So I get a fact that back there's now an email from my friend, Lynn Samuel, who says that she assures me Matt Rogers not a race bader.
He would not instigate the thing with Newsmax.
Wouldn't do this and do it. So that's who the hell knows.
So we got a big mystery. Sounds like a lot of people looking for a lot of publicity to make.
Before you head out on your next G-HOT, make sure you're carrying the Palestinian weapon of choice.
The West Bank 44 Magnum Semite Automatic Rock.
The 44 Magnum Rock is specially designed with very sharp edges for maximum damage at very close throwing range.
The West Bank 44 Magnum Semite will have your enemies ducking for cover before you even release your throw.
Once you feel the weight of the West Bank, you'll never use another rocket game.
Kitschars today was applied last.
The West Bank 44 Magnum, available at the blowout of West Bank building near you.
Wow.
Come 32 at 560. Carla, you got to admit this has been a pretty heavy duty week.
This has been amazing.
Just gets a call from the Fox people again.
Under the identify who it was.
Yeah, it was Michael Roberts.
Michael Roberts from Fox News from the John Gibson show inviting me to come on to respond to their disgusting,
grotesque, inaccurate piece yesterday.
And the answer continues to be, no, no, thank you.
What's that going to do for me?
See, I don't go on any of those shows.
I haven't invited on CNN and on this one.
And I don't go, I haven't done them for years.
What's the point unless you've got a big fat ego.
And if you notice that you see the same talking heads on all these shows all the time,
because it's an ego trip.
Ego trip, big, pompous, blow-hards, bap, bap, bap, bap, you know.
Well, what would be the point?
What is the upside?
And the answer is none.
I mean, talk about Hussby.
Is that incredible?
I was in shock.
I mean, I almost had it for, you know, I just can't believe that it's possible.
Can you?
It was a crack.
I'm a less con guy.
Between Runner, I did fix the facts machine.
By the way, that's going to be a thank you.
Jay?
Maybe an asshole, but I fixed the facts machine.
Let's see, it should have added to your list Cuban rafters.
These are Cubans supposedly coming out raps since 1993, believe me.
Okay.
Whatever you say, and this is from a Cuban American, by the way, who says he's got the inside scoop,
or poop, or something like that.
So let's see, maybe we got a fake madrudge.
You think that's possible?
Possible.
And then somebody calls to tell you, Macrudge bought a condo on my me beaches.
And now, what does that have to do with the price of eggshells?
What does that mean?
I don't know, we're getting some calls.
Man, oh man.
It's kind of like the whole thing, because it's getting four days to election time.
I think some people are like, come on, I'm glued a little bit.
It's the ax me.
Woo!
Maybe Macrudge holds a grudge for what I don't know, but we'll find out.
551 votes.
What have I had in the last 25 years?
I still can't get over the fact that the asses see they all think it's stick.
Everything is stick.
Hey, we just ripped you an ass.
You want to come on a response?
No.
No thanks.
I'm doing a radio show here.
I'm not interested in you assholes if Fox News.
Okay, I'm not interested in goosin up your ratings and getting my audience to tune in
into trying to go, you know, the fact that your buddy there at Night's Got a Zero
Share in this market, ain't gonna happen.
Ain't gonna happen.
553 votes.
What have ended the last 25 years?
I have the greatest negative impact on South Florida.
Liberty City writes 19.
Alien on 32.
Moe Howard coming to town.
53 is moving it on to Hurricane.
Hurricane Andrew 59.
2000 Hanging Chattelash in 131.
And the Maryl Boliv 259 almost 47%.
Say, oh, we went to hell with Maryl.
That's what they said.
A lot of open lines now, 5670560, pound 560 on the 18 and 10 Verizon line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Good one.
Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes sir.
First off, it's a good thing Heather never heard that bit about the names.
The black kids give the pharmacy names.
The black kids.
Oh, dumb names.
I'll play that in a minute.
Yeah, stay there.
Listen, so I'll play that in a minute.
I want to give you a quick shout out to Happy Birthday.
Thanks.
Also Matt Drudge, he reminds me of how he doodied with Doodied being the operative word.
And please keep using mid-church because the day you retire, radio is officially dead down here.
Please keep using mid-church.
Oh, thanks a lot.
Because we don't want you to retire.
I don't use mid-church.
I'm not that stupid.
We have a great day for you.
Take care.
Yeah.
And after work time, it was 110 if I was still with mid-church.
Nice going, Mitch.
Great job, by the way.
So let's see.
We've got all kind of conspiracy theories about how this whole thing developed.
We've got the Moe factor and then we've got the Bill Riley factor and then whatever else.
And then the Matt Drudge factor and then there's Max Factor, who must provide all that pancake make up for the people at Fashist News Network.
That orange pancake.
Listen, maybe some of you people ought to watch some of the few layers of that off.
You're starting to look really ridiculous.
I'm still trying to absorb what you told me about the people calling from the John Gibson show.
I can't stand John Gibson.
I can't stand the Fox News Network.
They make me want to duty right in my pants, okay?
Hey, by the way, don't forget to join Marks and Mike's.
Mike's hard-limiting Joe Costell or three to five this afternoon in public.
Northwest 128th Street in Biscayne Boulevard, North Miami State.
A win stop by the win big prizes.
Registration to win tickets to the big race.
The finalizer race.
November 16th.
I didn't say that.
Somebody else was whisper in the background whispering by the graveyard.
Here is North, what is it?
Fort Lauderdale.
South Fort Lauderdale.
Somewhere in between.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, happy to meet you.
Speaking.
Can you play the G-Hod Johnny song for me?
I'll think about it.
I've got time.
Okay, thanks.
See you.
Do I have time?
We'll see.
See if we can lay that in there.
Here's Lake Worth.
Hello.
Lake Worth?
Oh, I'm sorry, Neil.
I'm sorry.
Listen, I missed the whole thing.
I don't want to bring up anything bad, but what caused the rip with you and no Howard David?
What was there one thing that you didn't want to bring up?
I don't want to go back to Holland.
Oh, I don't want to go back to Holland.
The fact is that it's a guy with no sense of humor.
You know, he came to town here and I do the same with him.
I do it with everybody else.
I take a few potshots at Hank.
We have fun back and forth with Mad Dog with everybody.
He can't handle it.
He's beyond that.
He's above that.
I'm on professional.
And that's sort of a bitch that's faggot by bug.
And so he's really got a bug up his ass.
And so, you know, we got a one-sided war going on on his side, you know?
I love when you're an element.
It's part of the coolest part of the show.
Yeah, and everybody loves it and laughs at it.
But the problem is he can't let his hair down.
Oh, that was about that expression.
You don't have to have to be what's going to happen, right?
I bet you're putting.
I don't think that's ever going to happen.
No, well, he doesn't have that when you don't see him, yeah.
Now, his picture's on the website or something because I never had that.
Yeah, the QAM website.
Go to QAM.com and you'll see that dead animal I died on this end.
All right.
We love you, Neil.
Thanks.
God bless you.
Yeah, Moe just unfortunately can't loosen up a little bit.
In fact, that's what the Clarice was complaining about this morning too.
And they were doing all that banging against the wall.
And they said, yeah, I wish he'd loosen up a little.
But he just can't do it.
21 to 1 at 560 W QAM, where everybody's just gone,
Broom, broom, broom, broom, like that.
I'm on the M.O.
Is this 20-year life city QA?
So Heather from Fox News.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
I'm OK, I think.
Thanks for taking her call.
We've been trying to reach you for the past couple of days.
We're trying to reach me.
You've called people I haven't been invented yet.
You called dead relatives of mine.
What's the story, Heather?
We're working on a story about the CD-year promoting on your website.
That's called KISS.
I won't say it.
End word. Good morning.
Heather, are you listening to the show?
Yes, I am.
I've been listening to Ask a Couple of Days.
And just see you at the hotel.
Wait a minute.
Did you hear me go through the entire rationale of what that song had?
Nothing to do with Candeliza Rice.
Uh-huh.
What about the song Candeliza Candeliza?
That's obviously about Candeliza.
Uh-huh.
And I want to know why you're playing this on your show.
No, I see.
I'd like to know why.
This is really interesting.
Why are you calling me asking me why I should play this?
We have song parodies about Bill Clinton, dozens of them.
Nobody ever complains of them.
Nobody ever complied about those.
Well, there's been African-American folks up here in New York
who are pretty offended by it.
Let me say this to you, Karen.
We're not in New York.
Uh-huh.
OK, we don't broadcast in New York.
We're on WQM in Miami.
And the fact of the matter is that except for people like you
and the people at that right-wing newsmax.com,
I want to make a big stimulus about this,
if it weren't for that, they wouldn't even be aware that we exist.
We have some, uh, this organization that's offended by it
is a national organization.
But the fact of the fact is the fact of the matter is we've been playing these songs
for many, many, many months.
We've never had one single complaint.
And when interlopers like you from outside, like from Fox News
or from some right-wing website want to tell us what...
I mean, for you to ask me, how come you're playing that?
Because we want to play it.
OK, Neil, but what's the value in it?
What does it, what does it do for you?
What does it call, it's called comedy.
That's what it's called.
Do you have a sense of humor?
Do you think it's funny?
How, uh, they call Connaleeza right?
In a, in a, in a, in a, in a dig-in.
Well, here we have a funny, called her the House Negro.
OK, so we'll call her whatever we want.
But that's a little bit different.
I mean, you know, it's not the issue.
It's not the least bit different.
She is the House Negro.
So you people at Fox made out understand this.
Not everybody in the world is the right-winger like Rupert Murdoch.
There actually are those of us who are progressive or moderate, liberal, whatever we are,
who also have the right to speak to express whatever we want.
So, so repeat again what you just said for me there.
You think she is a what?
She's the House Negro.
Uh-huh.
And you don't find anything wrong with that.
Well, what do you mean, what do you mean, wrong with that?
It's a fact, that's my opinion.
Am I entitled to my opinion?
You're, you're certainly entitled to your opinion.
And that's basically, that's basically what Harry Belafonte has said.
As well.
And it's obvious to you, this is why nobody returned your calls.
Uh-heather, whatever your name is.
Uh-huh.
Because we knew that you were trying to stir up a bunch of crap and take something out of context.
When I asked you to do-
I don't think there's anything to do with that.
Did you listen?
Did you listen?
You were not-
You guys have been playing it.
We're not doing the Bellarolli show.
Okay.
It's my show and I'm not going to have you scream over me.
You're trying to out-talk me.
Okay. It's not going to work.
Okay.
You know, I asked you in the beginning of the conversation, which I was very calm, and I asked you,
and I'm sure he must have been on your channel, Randall Kennedy, the Black author who wrote the book,
Nigger, The Strange, Career of a Troublesome Word.
Not that I'm aware of.
Well, he was certainly on CNN, he was on MSNBC, maybe he wasn't on Fox because he wasn't that-
I don't know, maybe he just didn't- weren't aware of it.
Mm-hmm.
We all have got a question for you.
Are you aware of that book?
You portray yourself to be the sort of liberal voice.
But yet, you're-
Ma'am, I don't portray-
I don't put labels on me.
I'm-
For example, when-
Okay, what would you call your-
When I call myself a human being, you see, you people are-
On Fox, it's this old liberal that I'm a conservative.
That stuff went out with high-button shoes, okay.
I'm a thinking-
You portray yourself as a human being.
You portray yourself as a human being.
In addition to-
In addition to-
Why do I have to add Miami, Florida, answer to some assholes in New York on Fox News, how I do my show?
What is it, your business?
There are a lot of people who care, and there are people in Miami who-
They care about it too.
Who are they?
You're calling it.
Who are they?
Name me one person in Miami who's concerned about it.
Both we know down there, certainly, and I've got-
Name me one.
Two.
Okay.
Name me one.
It's offensive.
What about-
Name me one.
Name me one.
It's a very high-
I don't care what you say.
We don't like condolence, okay?
We don't like condolence, okay?
We don't like condolence, okay?
We don't like condolence, okay?
We're calling her whatever we feel like, her-
She's a public goddamn figure.
And blow it out, you're right when you ask, and you-
And Bill-
And by the way, O'Rally didn't make the numbers.
You're a-
She's a-
She's a-
She's a-
She's a-
Congratulations, doesn't make that no, Bill.
Andolisa, andolisa, she's a primary.
With your fucking yellow teeth so far apart.
Andolisa, andolisa, what you be doing.
Get me a bag just like that,
Coconut schmutz and salt.
Is you take, cause you a hat, don't poop, lipply, grown?
Is you the black, the ancient mammoth, who be smart?
Yeah.
Cause they like, how you shine their shoes, andolisa.
Yeah.
All the way you wash and pop the white is color.
Georgia, Jr. say he trust you, andolisa.
Who tell our allies of the greedy, all alone?
But then he make you clean all the white house bathrooms.
The puppets eat the toilet, and then scrub the floor.
They tell you no wins and no, can't only throw.
Your coach, you don't help make them one of wretch and you.
You're napping a cat, look a slug, it'll be velcro.
It's your feet, what you can be, that's what it's all about.
All right.
One day while you be sniffing, and packing, you may realize that they're treating you just like your esterone.
That when your head will move from side to side, from the lilo.
Until push and from here, they be cracked from asshole.
148 is 560 WQM.
Don't forget to join Mark's Hard Lemon Age, your cast, all the three to five to seven unit publics.
Northwest 128 street in Biscayne Boulevard, North Miami, stop by to win our usual low budget QM prizes.
And register when tickets to the big race on November 6th.
16th, sorry.
So anyway, in case the thing about math roaches, true, let me just go on record right now.
And I've been singing for many days.
I'm going to be getting out here very soon, like in a few days.
So if he would suggest that I'm leaving because the heat is on and because he said this and this one.
That's the answer to that.
Okay.
It's almost almost enough to make me want to stick around.
Almost, but not quite.
Here's a fact that says, Dear Mr. Rogers, from Larry.
I know your intelligent and rationales.
What it says, how do you like that?
A fact is, as I know your intelligent and rational.
Yes, I am.
You seem knowledgeable when it comes to people's rights.
Amendment number six prevents people from smoking in restaurants, clubs, bars and lounges.
I think this is not really unfair, but I'm constitutional.
I have it to agree with you, Larry, even though I don't like smoke.
At least not that kind.
A restaurant owner should have the right to decide if he wants to allow smoking in his restaurant,
even if it's only in a certain section.
After all, he's paying the rent, electric taxes, et cetera.
Passing this amendment will hurt a lot of businesses and people will lose jobs.
Also, a customer should have the right to decide if he or she wants to enter a place that allow smoking.
I think Amendment number six should say that all public businesses, including restaurants, bars and so forth,
should be required to post a club by 18 in sign all entrance doors,
stating whether smoking is permitted or prohibited in their establishment.
There should be the people's choice, not the government.
Thank you for reading this, Larry.
PS, a friend of mine, and I had some friends from Eurovision two weeks ago.
Before returning to Europe, one of them made this statement.
This is a great country to visit, but I wouldn't want to live here too many rules.
How do you like that?
It says, please read this at 12.30, crossed out 12.40.
It's I'll be at lunch and be able to listen to you.
Well, 12.50 is close enough.
And I agree with you, Larry.
Too many goddamn restrictions, too much repression.
You can't do this and you can't do that.
Too many laws. Too many fascistic laws.
So did Matt Drudge have a call again or what?
I don't know.
See, I don't, I mean, he just isn't that stupid.
That he would now talking about the first call about how many house Negroes that Bill Clinton have.
Because Matt Drudge is just too politically sophisticated for that.
He knows about all the minorities that were in the Clinton administration, regardless of his own politics.
Unless he's just, you know, maybe got some bad candidates back last night.
And just looking to steer the potter, maybe smoked some bad.
Here's the fact it says, Miriel Boliv, definitely number one.
Thank you, Jimmy Carter.
I was living in Gables by the sea at that time, had my home broken into twice.
My office on brickle once.
How about your other two favorites, O.J. and Carroyo?
It says, well, no question they're two of the most anxious figures in town, but they aren't happenings.
And I guess luckily for us, O.J. is murdering so far on a West Coast.
584 votes. One of them in the last 25 years had the greatest negative impact in South Florida.
Miriel Boliv winning by a landslide, 272.
The 2,000 hanging Chad election, 136.
Hurricane Andrew 63 and moving up fast right on the ass of Hurricane Andrew Mohaward coming to town 60.
Alienily 33 and Liberty City writes only 20. Small potatoes.
Eight minutes to one, we got the mad dog at one o'clock.
Five, five and local.
We're sports radio five 60s, you ain't.
You AM.
I dare you bastards.
Ladies, there's nothing worse than a stinky smell emanating from way down there.
Who?
Believe me, your love tunnel can get that way pretty fast from improper care.
So if you want to clean, prim and proper love canal, you need to use glitter rocks.
It's the industrial strength wedge cleaner.
And it comes in a variety of flavors to please him.
Mmm, strawberry. My favorite.
Holds your horses big guy.
So if you want to clean, fragrant love subway, get glitter rocks.
Because soap and water just isn't enough. Now where were we?
Oh, yeah.
About 56 at 560, nobody here in the mad dog will be along at one o'clock then Hank of Tree.
And then when we got the day wants that show and Hank shows five thirty.
And then we got a bunch of stuff you probably won't want to listen to.
600 votes even on there and 286.6% say the Maryl Bolt lift.
Oh, hey.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, before I get into my mohauer, Howard Mohopop.
Just for a note, for all you secondhand smokers like I am.
Yeah. If you vote for this band, just remember this word.
Tourism state that depends on conventions.
We'll see a decreased business on that.
We'll never see casinos down here.
So just think about that. I mean, I hate it also, but just think about that.
Hank, rock them out of that.
Joe Robby was going to get my credentials.
And I didn't even know who Mohauer was.
I've never seen him before.
So the guy, he was asking the guy's handing out the credentials.
He was asking for his name.
And he says Howard.
And instinctively, I just see a lot more.
And I know he didn't turn around.
But I know he heard me because the guy writing down the name looked at me and started writing the M.
So you busted me, Neil.
All right. Good job.
Yeah, there. Thank you.
Good job.
By the way, I just want to say this with all this hysteria that's been whipped up
as artificial hysteria lines through her three days.
I got a real pretty good idea where I would place my money as to who was in the background stirring all the crap, stirring the pot.
I got two names in mind, okay?
See, one thing that happens to some people is that when their hanky-panky gets prohibited by a law, by legal injunction,
they have other ways that they try like behind the scenes to start stirring the crap again, okay?
Because they're compulsive and have no lives.
And it's just a theory of mine.
Of course, it could be mad drugs.
Do you think it's mad drugs?
No.
No, we don't.
It could be, um, cock robin.
It could be Batman and Robin.
Oh, Batman. Here you go again.
Here's a faction, Jane, who says interesting to see the corporate media come after you.
They must be have searched long and hard to find you.
I have a stereotype in my office, but I have to use the little clock radio,
to position in a certain way in order to pick you up.
Are you the only radio personality now marching in lockstep of the right wing?
And this market, yes, it says.
This election is wrapping me nuts.
I hope I don't blow a blood vessel before I get to vote.
And then if I get to vote, will my vote be counted?
I heard a computer professor saying these machines can seem to work all day,
but they're not have any data.
How do you like that?
They work, but they're ain't no votes in them.
So they just stick a few in depending on what they want.
Yeah, I got those two names in mind.
To me, they're like in marching in lockstep now.
Lockstep.
Maybe it's time for somebody to pack his toothbrush.
Here's Oakland Park.
Hello.
Yeah, I got to go with Moa Howard on this.
I think you guys stepped over the line.
You know what I mean?
On what?
Well, I mean, you know when he came in, you said there was going to be some joke,
but now you got him and Gellie doing it, you know, lacking each other off.
I mean, don't you think that's a little bit too much?
No.
Everybody in a building thinks it's hysterical.
Okay, for your sins.
Okay, oh, that's Reverend Jones again.
Well, we got him back.
Let's hear it.
Reverend Jones.
Ha, ha, ha.
Nice hearing from you.
And by the way, nice baseball cap.
That's what Dick Feinberg told me at the track, though.
Nice and lovely baseball cap.
But turn it around the right way.
Okay, you're too old to be wearing it backward.
That's for punks.
Even Carlos is wearing his cap and I'm facing forward.
Okay, if you wear it backward, you either like got to be a punk or some old fart.
Try to be a punk.
And that's embarrassing.
Nice hearing from you, Reverend Jones.
Here is the Viral Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Gellie, for a time long time.
All right.
All right.
I want to talk about your poll.
If you had had Metroid Date government in there, I'd vote for all of them.
And it'd give me all the reasons in the world to move out of Palm Beach County.
Well, I don't understand how to get that.
Well, all the reasons you asked to vote on, they're all good reasons why bad events
happened in the 20s.
Yeah.
That's 25 years.
And if you throw Metroid Date in there, forming a government-
Throw what was throw Metroid Date as Metroid Date in an event?
Well, forming the Metroid Date government?
Oh, I see what you're saying.
I got an okay.
Okay.
I'm going to put this call on there as one of the worst events at last 26 years, I would say.
Wouldn't you agree?
I would say that call could have been.
And anyway, he meant well.
I know what he's saying now at this point, but it's a little, I think he's pushing like the siege a little bit too hard.
Okay.
So I'm going to go home and I'm going to have a wild weekend with MadDroid.
Bye, bye, bye.
Hey!
Then you'll watch the show on 5602A-M, Miami for Blood Date.
Oh, good.
