Hey, it's Howard.
Howard David.
Well, I'm here to tell you, it's about a woman who squeezed out the largest smelly
subpoody burps in America.
Ronnie Wilson, one of the three brothers who founded the Gap Band was the first to encounter
Doris, a groupie who worked her way backstage.
The band's manager, Slatty Gold.
I will never forget that night.
One by one they come out of the dressing room, gagging from the wind this chick is laying
down.
Ronnie says to me, she was damn good, but do not even attempt 69.
Long fed up with the bad rap men get for their flakulists.
The Gap Band recorded, you dropped a bomb on me, hoping to send a message of equality.
That men and women are pretty much alike.
Both their digestive systems processed certain foods into glass of odor's methane.
People wanted a love song, I guess, so that's what they thought it was.
The world just wasn't ready for a song about noxious butt fumbles.
And what of Doris?
Tonight, inside of behind, confronts her with being the inspiration for the Gap Band's
hit song.
Oh, those guys, it's all just sour grapes.
I show them an awful good time.
And you know how men will do anything to make us women look bad.
Oh my god.
I think my nose is bleeding.
It's a big juicy, stopping wet look at your business tonight and inside of behind.
2018 at 560 WQM Happy Thursday too.
So somebody says, CKLW in Detroit, I got that on my list, but thank you very much.
And Eric had some good ones to end the list there, which we did.
So here's the list we got so far.
The greatest AM top 40 station ever was, long list, WQAM.
All right.
WFUN, WCFL, WLS, WABC, WKNR, oh sorry.
WIPG, WAPE, the big ape.
Now, Jacksonville is not one of the great markets in the country, but that was a major, major
radio station.
Greaseman was a WAPE, the big ape.
WMGM, which I found Peter trip on here, the curly head of the kid in the third row that
got caught up in a payola scandal.
I found him on here too.
Everything is on there.
KHA, that I just say that.
CKLW, CHUM Toronto, which had to go back to oldies recently because they tried to knock
it off the fan with another sports station in Toronto and guess what?
Drop another big bomb speaking of that.
So they're playing oldies again on AM on CHUM in Toronto.
WSYZ, WBZ, WMEX, WKBW.
We got some Joey on here too, baby.
Joey Reynolds, you know him?
He's an asshole.
WHK, KFI, WWWE, W3, WEE.
Didn't the Reneery work there once upon a time?
That's WWE, I think so.
And WWE, WOW, WOW in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
All those were the days, the 50,000 Watt clear to, and of course CKLW wasn't the same though.
Because if you live all just about all your life down here, you never heard any of those
stations, except the ones in Miami.
Right?
Right.
But if you live like anywhere up north in the northeaster in the Midwest or even like in
the, not the far west, but the Midwest up to like the Rocky Mountain States, you could
hear at nighttime all of these stations just booming in.
That's back in the days when people used to speak English on AM radio.
I know, I know that comes as a tremendous shock to your system.
I'll give you a young punk stuff there.
Yes Virginia, there was a Vannu to your radio, believe it or not.
So if anybody's got any other ones, WQIM.
See I was going to take some right on the phone as opposed to making facts to men.
When you think that's a good idea?
How about WBF and Rochester, home of the Busy B's?
I don't think I get too many votes.
Home of the Busy B's, WQIM.
Yes sir.
You hope that the new nominations.
Yes?
K-A-A-Y is out of Little Rock.
Yeah I remember that.
Well that's used to boom all over the Midwest.
Right.
That was like, okay thanks.
What?
K-A-A-Y, was that the right call it or so in Little Rock?
Well that's right, what the hell do you know?
WQIM, that's all I know.
So you're going to vote for a QIM just because that's the only top 40 station you ever heard.
But I used to listen to you and I actually used to listen to it.
Well I'm not going to tell anybody who I'm going to vote for.
Because it would be like a tip off and be a bad idea.
And I want to tilt the thing on.
May 16, 1969.
I'll put your pardon.
That's when I started listening to you.
Is this thing going to fire?
She doesn't know.
I wrote as if she was not you.
Keep hanging on to WK and R.
K-N-R-B-R-T.
She lots of jingles on here too.
For Blind Light.
WK-N-R-T.
K-N-R-T.
K-N-R-T.
K-N-R-T.
K-N-R-T.
K-N-R-T.
K-N-R-T.
K-N-R-B-R-T.
K-N-R-B-R-T.
K-N-R-T.
K-N-R-T.
K-N-R-T.
See once they stopped with jingles on radio stations, that was the end of fun radio.
I don't mean WFU-N.
I mean just it was the end of fun in music radio.
WQ-I-M.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How about K-N-P-C and Los Angeles?
Okay. See I never lived out in the West Coast so you're going to have to help me with that.
The only one I remember is K-H-J.
You got it.
You know they got to keep track.
What is it?
You guys used to do the on-glass and that's the DJ.
Dan Roller.
No.
No the announcer from what was his name?
With the deep voice.
Oh it'll come to me thanks.
What the hell was the guy who used to be the announcer on radio?
Gary Owens.
I don't know what call it.
Gary Owens K-N-P-C.
Have you got K-A-W-A-K-A-Y?
Yes.
A?
Yes.
K-N-P-C.
See the West Coast ones we need some help on that.
It's going to be a long list but that's okay because this is sensational if you ask me but I don't like it screw you you know.
That's my opinion.
Oh now why is it doing this thing?
Why is this thing acting up again?
Everything was going so swimmingly well on here you know.
All I did was just oh it's got to connect again after you stop it.
Oh oh oh oh.
See like I said computers and the internet are a wonderful thing but uh boy oh boy all you need is for...
Let me see if this is going to fire off again otherwise I'll just take some more calls.
I'll have to do it during the break.
Is that depressing or what?
I'm probably just farewell I'm talking.
W-Q-A-M.
Hi I was wondering if I could talk to Neil.
Speaking.
I'm fine.
Speaking.
This is Neil.
Sounds like me.
What about SRF?
It's the late great-born brother.
Right WSRF a station that nobody could pick up on here or I'll radio right.
What was that about?
It was...
I was in an intern there one time without what I meant.
Ron he was in there smoking a joint with the most unbelievable thing I've ever seen.
Okay thanks pal.
WSRF don't put that on there.
No don't put that on there.
No it wasn't the greatest EM top 40 station.
First of all nobody could hear the goddamn thing.
You know who wants own WSRF?
Jack Mark.
That's true that very good.
What an asshole here.
Jack Mark.
He's an asshole.
This big parking space over there in Hollywood.
Scroyo Jack okay.
Where's that thing we got with this over there in the corner?
It's hiding behind the bed.
The Janet Reno doll.
Jack Mark in his parking spot.
Wow what are you parking in my spot?
Like a big shot over there at Paxton.
You Jack.
Anyway WSRF used to be owned by Van Patrick.
He used to be the great football broadcaster for the Detroit Lions many years ago.
One of the great play by play broadcasters of all time by the way Van Patrick.
Best known for saying Philadelphia.
That's what he used to call it the Eagles Philadelphia.
He had a strange way of saying that.
And also Joe Schmidt the great linebacker.
Even when he was sitting on a bench Van would have him make in the tackle on just about every defensive play.
Because I don't know why they just like them I guess.
I give goosebumps when I hear those jingles.
I really didn't end the quality on those.
It's really amazing.
Because those are from 1967 WKNR and Detroit.
I don't think the Detroit stations do all that well.
Like because they weren't some of the best in the country back in the heyday of Motown and Detroit music.
But because we just don't have that many Midwestern people here.
Oh, it's surprising we got a couple like you know some L.A. stuff.
Why would anybody come from L.A. to hear?
You got me.
W.A.M.
Hey how about WJBK and Detroit with Tom Clay?
Excellent choice.
And what about Robin Seymour?
Hey Robin Seymour.
Robin with the Robin.
You got it.
Okay.
Thanks.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
WJBK Detroit.
See this is like a nice break from you know this one's got the bombs and we're going to wave eight.
I mean I got a whole pile of crap here.
But once I was able to download this stuff last night and listen to it I thought holy crap.
This would make for like a nice break you know what I'm saying?
Because we're just I'll be honest with you.
This is not the show where we put on a big act for you.
I'll be very honest.
We're just biting our time till Monday.
You know I have a theory that that's Joe's handwriting.
Joe Castella.
Really?
Hey thanks a lot.
You always liked that little grease ball.
Joe Castella.
And by the way if anybody wants to the website it's www.realradio.com.
And everybody who and it's got a great thing on it where you can like do your own search for radio stations or for dish jockeys or anybody who ever owned a radio's owner.
It's great.
WQ I am.
New.
Yes sir.
How you doing sir?
Sensational.
It's funny I called George last week and I was talking about the tape I had of RKT with the burden everything.
Right.
And about six months ago eight months ago I stumbled on that R-E-E-L radio.
I got the idea from you when you were playing Jingles.
When you were getting them from I was surfing the net and stumbled on to it.
It was great.
Right.
And I was going to say WAP.
I live in Orlando and I listened to them when the grease man was on.
I had some old tapes with them and some guy said WFORF I even have a sound bite of that.
Some guy called Bill Donovan and he was the FORF.
How about WGBS when they were top 40?
That's before I came here I think.
I don't have to ask Ken Maldon about that.
And you ever heard a gilly bow bank?
Sure.
He's on there on some Louisville Kentucky station.
Oh and I'm glad you mentioned Louisville Kentucky WAKY.
Bill Bailey I don't want to forget to play in.
He's on there.
Yeah I know that.
I just listened to him a little while ago.
I'm glad you reminded me to play it.
It had some bit on there with Gary Burbank when he's getting ready to leave the show and some guy comes in.
He's all ticked off and he says he's going to shoot him.
He's going to fake shooting.
He's guy.
Oh man somebody's going to take the spot at two o'clock Monday and he tells us other guy.
You're going to fill in.
He goes I'm not going to make it man.
But that must have been WAKY wasn't it?
Forgot what it was.
But it's there just type in Gary Burbank or Louisville Kentucky and you'll find it.
Okay thanks.
Thank you.
See ya.
Don't let me forget Bill Bailey WAKY.
You know the interesting thing about him is he was he was they called him the morning mayor of Louisville.
I mean he really owned the market at like 99 shares.
And he went to WLS in Chicago to do mornings.
I guess it was after Lou Jack left and just laid the biggest egg.
I don't know what it was.
They didn't his humor didn't go over there or whatever and he went back to Louisville.
He wasn't there six months I don't think.
It's kind of like Alex Bennett over here.
Yeah kind of like Alex Bennett only with talent.
927 at 560 W and without the life studio audience.
Hey does this sound like you overworked?
Yes.
Underpaid.
Yes.
Stuck in a crappy dead end job.
Uh huh.
Well here's the deal.
Do yourself a big favor.
Get out of that dead end and get on a real luck career.
Pick up the phone and call the people at fast train at 1 866 fast train.
The demand for certified computer professionals has never been bigger than it is right now.
And fast train can up you to a brand new career in as little as four easy months.
Fast train is south Florida's largest certified Microsoft training center with locations all over town.
They're in Pemberg Pines.
They're in Fort Lauderdale.
They're in Miami and they're in highly congested Kendall.
Fast train offers convenient day evening weekend classes.
They got a full time job placement department with over 30 years experience.
So if you're overworked underpaid under appreciated or stuck in a crappy dead end job.
Working for a real piece of third.
Don't wait one more minute.
Pick up the phone and call fast train at 1 866 fast train.
Think about it in just four short months.
You'll be on your way to becoming a high paid computer professional in a career with great earning potential.
Did I mention today by the way that Trevor kid blows.
Take my advice and pick up the phone and call fast train toll free 1 866 fast train.
That's 1 866 fast train or check them out of that wicked wild world.
Why? Why?
Whatever it is at www.fasttrain.com.
My life and love.
This is 4205 City.
You ain't no way.
We cow errands coming.
This Halloween scare and intimidate your neighbors with the end of Nicole Halloween costume.
It's a life like 6 feet tall and 22 feet around and it's guaranteed to get you candy.
You wait all our candy.
What else do you want?
For small cheese pizzas.
Oh no, she's getting sick on the lawn.
You said it through half and I didn't.
The end in Nicole Halloween costume.
Enormous life size press on ass, sold separately.
Now let's fake fire out.
And this is the biggest one.
So don't be the same.
Really big.
This drop is really grumpy.
I didn't throw up.
Okay, you people in the audience have to check what's happening in the world because we're two everybody in the buildings.
I'll whipped up about this website and I don't blame them.
Because I just saw Noel Bush was sentenced and they hit her there in court and they were like taking a handcuffs off and putting them back on and taking them off again and doing that stuff.
So maybe you'll find a story about Noel sentencing and things like that.
Uh, it's a great station in the RWMCA.
Which actually beat WABC for a long time in your WMCA.
The only problem being grown up in Rochester.
We couldn't hear WMCA because they were like, I think, 5,000 months.
And the other 50,000-month powerhouses they used to like boom in.
Now somebody faxes me this.
Police found Monday night here at this Thursday, but there's a reason I'm going to use this.
We're questioning a 38 year old former Marine with apparent similarities to the sniper being sought in the Washington area shootings that had left 8 dead and 2 wounded.
Police said it was driving a white astro van.
The same type of color of vehicle.
Seen that the most recent sniper shooting in Northern Virginia.
And the search for the man's department police found an A4-15 rifle.
An AR-15 rifle.
Shell casings ammunition and a book about snipers.
News reports said.
Now why do they keep saying on here?
There's no suspects.
You know, every case we got, oh, we're questioning a lot of people.
Boy, you have no suspects.
In addition, MSNBC also reported the man works for a large radio company.
Is believed to have a territory that includes suburban Washington and the police are seeking additional federal warrants in the case.
He works for a large radio company.
How do you like that?
Oh, I sure hope they don't work for a cheap channel.
Or something like that.
Wouldn't that be embarrassing?
Yeah, would.
Oh, see, I'm sure that the beesleaves that we don't want.
Well, we do have that station in Philadelphia.
I think we still have those stations up there.
We dump them.
Don't know.
We don't know.
We don't know anything about this company.
And you know something?
That's the way we like it.
So we had a WMCA in New York to the list.
Oh, I got to do the Bill Bailey thing.
And I have no idea how long it's going to take for these things to...
Oh, geez.
Oh.
Oh, like I said.
Now I can't stop the damn thing.
Is there a reason for that?
It says stop your player.
And...
Stop it.
Stop it.
Stop.
Eumaniac.
Stop.
And then go back.
Did you think I'd have any problem with this?
Well, let me click it again.
OK, it says play.
It's lighting.
It's blinking.
Bill Bailey, WAKY-Luaville.
Historical.
And it might just pop up sometime between our midnight, maybe not.
You listening?
You're waiting?
The first thing I heard this morning from my radio was your introduction to your 20 before the hour sports report, Mr. Yein.
And that's your reason why I was a little bit late this morning.
By the way, I wanted to mention this morning.
I plan to mention this two or three times.
That Thursday night, we're going to have a series of softball games out here at St. Helen's Field.
And lively, shyly.
Now, the first game at 7 o'clock will be between Alan Hamilton and his deputy sheriffs.
And Thursday night, St. Helen's Field in shyly, the first game was at 7 o'clock.
And it's for the Monty-Axman Memorial Fund.
Are you feeling well this morning, Mr. Yein?
No, pretty fair.
The old hay fevers going wild.
Or something.
Well, I'm sure it is.
A fever man.
All this humidity we've had to pass for a few weeks isn't up to cause a problem such as that Mr. Yein.
Let's go to work, sir.
Don't put up your love.
Go for it.
We have a good Joe Frank in the Rebel.
Go for it, love.
But out on me, baby.
If you do, I think that may be.
I came home.
Oh, Bill, for heaven's sake.
Well, I'm just trying to wake up.
It's going to take me a little time this morning because I arose late this morning.
You think I didn't have to rush to get to work this morning?
Oh, would you believe?
99 and 3 quarter miles per hour.
29 minutes before 7 at WAKY631.
All mornings.
It's fun and easy to call her powe.
Shop your call her top supermort.
Today.
I haven't had the time.
I simply didn't have the time to prepare myself for work this morning.
So this morning I'm not quite as neat and fresh and cute and cutly as I normally am.
Yeah, but you're just as offensive as you normally are.
I don't think I asked for an opinion today.
WAKY Louisville, the Lonegum, naturally.
WAKY.
You'll be forced to the 11.
It's 6.36.
24 minutes.
You notice how most of these guys sounded like even Ricky Tiki in coherent.
I don't want to say stolen because that would be a bad term to use.
And of course we know what's his name that never used drugs back during the 60s and 70s.
What though his name would have white hair?
Tommy.
Tommy Kramer, right?
Oh yeah, no relation to Billy J or Brad Kramer, but nevertheless.
And thanks for Thomas that Tommy.
You sure could have fooled us.
Thank you for faxing me by the way.
Judge gives Noel Bush 10-day sentence.
Maybe that's why she had the handcuffs on.
Noel Bush was sentenced to 10 days in the Orange County jail this morning by circuit judge,
regional whitehead, the 25-year-old daughter of Governor Jab Bush, told the judge I sincerely apologize.
Although whitehead did not discuss the reason for her jailing in open court,
it was clear that the sanctions came as a result of a September 9 incident in which a dime-sized rock of crack cocaine was found in her shoe,
while undergoing treatment of the Center for Drug Free Living police reported.
Bush was accompanied by her aunt, Dorothy Cook of Bethesda, Maryland, as well as her two attorneys.
She was led away in handcuffs to be booked into the jail.
See, I actually noticed that out of the corner of my eye.
Before whitehead issue, a deserted Bush said,
Judge Whitehead, I sincerely apologize for what happened.
And I promised to do well at the Center for Drug Free Living.
And the judge said, yeah, sure.
Anyway.
Something like that.
Poor Bush, man. Poor Jab.
You can't just smell it.
You can just smell the aroma of defeat.
Anyway, I started to mention several minutes ago before I got distracted.
And it is, I will say, there's like a little lag.
That should be our worst problem.
When you click, when you click play on these things,
because they kind of fade in,
but tough crap.
So we won't be as tight as usual.
But I started to say that we're just kind of like fighting our time until Monday.
And why is that?
Because the guy named Summer Book comes out on Monday.
Oh, brother.
And I'm going to, this building is as tight as a witch's ass.
You can smell the aroma in the hallway.
Don't think either of that or most peace.
He's wearing that powdery one today.
Remember that first time when I met him?
And I said he's got enough talcum powder on his smells like cashmere bouquet.
Remember that that must have been in the hair piece.
And the two pay.
Well, I don't know what you're laughing about.
For the bottom of the building, father is the way those powdered wigs.
You're the one that told me that he's got a different one for different days
that he's got a whole collection of.
I never knew then.
It's true.
So I think I think he had a good point there in the beginning.
You try to back away from that and put it all on my ass.
You're the one that owe a back lift.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of probably all the way down anterqualism.
And then I went back to the back of the building.
And then I went back to the back of Winter and Labor Day.
it prices of сто buys on 30-days.
days.
Check out the complete line while you're at howling of those great GMC SUVs, including
the on-voi-voted by Motor Trend as SUV of the year, and the all-new Pontiac Vibe SUV
that Big Gutsy Vibe that's got the power of a Big Gutsy sports car to factor the price.
There's always that big dependable selection of great used cars, trucks and SUVs, no lemons
on the lot, and if you're worried about your credit, if it's a little on a marginal side,
even if it's on a really bad side, have no fear because howlable cut your deal and get
you to a great new or used dependable vehicle.
It's the great 0% Halloween event going on right now at Howl at Pontiac 134-01, South
Dixie Highway that's US 1, highly congested US 1, right across from the falls open every
day seven days a week.
Don't forget, they're still saying that we're still trying to find out why.
At Howl at Pontiac GMC we are Professional Grace.
Five at the local, this is five sixty one.
The radio's all yours.
Two A.M.
It's pot's not good, it's great.
I'll handle it.
I'll handle it.
I'll handle it.
I'll handle it.
I'll handle it.
I'll handle it.
I'll handle it.
I'll handle it.
I'll handle it.
I'll handle it.
I'll handle it.
I'll handle it.
I'll handle it.
I'll handle it.
I'll handle it.
I'll handle it.
I'll handle it.
I'll handle it.
I'll handle it.
I'll handle it.
I'll handle it.
I'll handle it.
I wil handle it.
Your coachy toe nails makes them world of wretch and you
Your nappy lager look as like it's evil for all
If you'll be what you to be, that talk is true
One day while you be sniffing fangames you may realize
That they're dreaming you just like your esterone
That when your head will move from side to side from the leader
It's your push and rummage, they be cracked from ash
I'm 49 on the great Thursday here at 560wQIM
I'm adding to the list, Eric, just in case you're paying attention
KQV in Pittsburgh, KDKA in Pittsburgh and WRKO in Boston
How could we left that out? And somebody fangs me by the way
68 WRKO in Boston, great top 40 states in the 70s early 80s
To lay me at a talk till Jerry Williams took over
All starline of Dale Dorman, the amazing Johnny Dark
Johnny Dark's an asshole
And that's our Johnny Dark, you know there have been many rickshaws
Many Johnny Dark's, but this was our Johnny Dark
Johnny Dark's an asshole
Good mid days at RKO, Harry Nelson
The exciting Mike Adams, who I never heard of, it says yes
Even my mom won a turkey during Thanksgiving from Johnny Dark
Johnny Dark's an asshole
Thanks Lenny, thanks for reminding us about the great WRKO
It's gonna be a long list here today, but what else wrong with that?
I'll see the only problem like I said with this thing is I clicked a thing
And what's this fax about mad? Do we care about mad?
No, they fax all the time like the rabbi and these people
Yeah, right now 50 degrees and the cloudy in New York
World News Next
On WNB, on WAVC, this is Bob Caperns
A terrible judge in Memphis threw out arguments from Tennessee prison officials who claimed that Playboy magazine would increase homosexuality among the inmates
This is ABC contemporary radio
Now the most music on WAVC, New York
WAVC's dead in gold, go go go
All right, that was John Meyer
You're always can count on John for all the hot news
Two minutes of filipide gasoline mileage
And a story about homosexuality and prison as it relates to the consumption of Playboy
So it's all good to know that something, you know, when something really fantastic and necessary to know when
And the lightning is happening, my here's there
Go go go
Or somewhere else or whatever
I didn't notice there were at least one brown and one black shoe today
Got up in the wrong side of the bed
Oh, it's your own bed too, I think
Yeah, what's this?
Your face
Your face
Speaking of faces, here's the face himself
Okay, it's not up to Dan, Dandy Dan Ingram
Somebody faxes me and says, you know listen to the Kamox and St. Louis used to boom in the farts from a Fartsmith Ark and so I homo the St. Louis Blue
Is that's correct, Dan Kelly on Kamox, Harry Curry with a Cardinals
The only thing I inject, Buck, Western piece, the only thing I'm wondering though, did Kamox play top 40 ever?
I don't know about that
I thought that Kamox was always like kind of like a Newsy and um, sportsy and...
Huh? I don't know
Somebody laughed to call and let us know because I did listen to Kamox a lot but always at night and always with sports
They had the Harry Curry doing St. Louis University Billiken basketball games
Which at that time when Harry came by Murphy's bleachers in Chicago and I reminded him about that and gave me a blank look like
He said
So anyway, we got the WRKO added to list
This list will eventually get up on here as soon as we hear this said we're finished
Okay, and another four or five days
How about you QAM?
QAM, hello
Hello
Yes sir, yes, I am
I'll give you a brief story if you let me finish it
When we were younger here in Miami we used to cruise around on Miami Beach
Had those old radios and rotate the dial and you could tune into the station that you could take up late at night
And a couple years later I get shipped out to Vietnam and we used to fly these night missions
High over the jungle, a tetra tetra with a similar technology that we're using today for this sniper problem
The point I want to make is that one station we could always get over there
You know because of the skip wave on the radio signal we could always get WLS in Chicago
Right
And no matter what we were in the nighttime when we were flying and doing this stuff it was pretty interesting
So I thought I'd mention that
Okay, thanks
That's my story
Thank you great station
Okay, let me just say this there's a thing on this website
Or it says return to the repository and you can like do a search and audio search
Let's see WLS
Right
Right
So I just type in WLS
And there's a whole list
John Records Landicker
Oh here's Bill Bailey at WLS in Chicago
Now you probably don't want to hear any more Bill Bailey do you?
No, I would love to hear more Bill Bailey
Yeah, I know you wouldn't
He was great though
He was very funny
Tom and Paul Collins WQXY Atlanta
Dick Wilson WLCY Tampa St. Pete
What the hell is this after it with what I'm looking for?
Huh?
Well, it all gives a crap about Atlanta radio
Well, probably somebody does
You think I clicked on the wrong thing there?
I don't know
Well, we'll do it through in a break
Hey, don't forget Joanne Jokostel on Mike's Heart Limited this afternoon
4 to 6 of the publics at 1305 University Drive & Cruel Springs
Stop by to win prizes
The usual crap that we give away at QM
Because we have a low budget where a bunch of cheap passes
And registered to win a pair of tickets to the homestead Miami Speedway in November
It kind of breaks your heart when you hear Ricky Tiki doing all those talk-ups
On his older QM tapes
And you realize that we actually gave away like big prizes back then
Like $5.60 stuff like that
So I guess this evil one they had other owners
This was always a cheap skate place
At least on the AM side
On the FM side we pay fortunes to try to force people to listen to that crap
WLCY Tampa St. Pete
Now, does that kind of like make you want to listen to like a few seconds of it?
A couple of seconds?
No?
A second?
Well, it's Dick Wilson WLCY 1966
Which I do remember WLCY and that was the big rocker over there
Wasn't it?
Low to Night 72, High Weapons, Day 90
Can I just start?
Only Windsor Southwest West early 8 miles per hour
A humidity 56 percent
Mark the Mercury at 8.88 degrees in the wide and wonderful
Flareland from Communications Center Radio 138th Leadership News
A feature of the WLCY Radio Departments of Public Affairs
Instant Information
Radio 138 Award-winning Operation Newspeak
A registered feature of WLCY Radio
Oh, how happy you have made me, but the shades of blue and WLCY
ABC TV's where they actually live
It's coming to town, but still I can aim for the target to most
All in person
Hi, this is Jim Allen inviting you to see one of the greatest lineup of stars ever to appear in one show in the state of Florida
All in person, this
Like I said, Florida Radio pretty boring, you know what I'm saying?
9.56 at 5.60 WQAM
WQAM
We're sports radio 5.60
QAM
Bush, frick, dumbass
With some crack in her shoe and some sand eggs in her purse
She's the rankscan governor's daughter who resembles after birth
She knows that that is the cup
So if she breaks the law, well that's tough
It ain't any dirt goddamn business
So just keep your big mouth shut
When it comes to family values
A prime example for all of you
There ain't nothing like the morals of the good bushman
Please go with some crack in her shoe
No other foot powder will do
It makes your feet warm and tingling that's all day
Come on, you bitch, bitch
That's right, yes, I'll be the best
I'll be the best, bitch, bitch
I don't want it 5.60 WQAM
I'm right, these things are like, you know, there you go
It might just have come up there, you think?
Count 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, here we go
5, 4, 3, 2, 1
You're hearing, playing, you're hearing things
On air, W, L, S
W, L, S, W, L, S, W, L, S, and Chicago
And Chicago, and Chicago
Wonderful, wonderful, W, W, L, L, L
W, L, S, and Chicago
Wonderful, wonderful, W, L, S, and Chicago
Ah, it gives me goosebumps, baby
Here's what I said, don't forget, and I won't put him on there
Here's two more for Eric
This will be a list of about 6,000 stations, you know?
Isn't it amazing that there are so many to choose from?
These were all great radio stations, as opposed to like
The swillets on your radio, now most of the crap, the...
Oh, W-O-R and W-N-B-C, near, are a cock-a-way forget that
And Boka Brian will be impressed because you know who used to work once upon a time at W-O-R, Arlene Francis
His favorite
So Johnny Dark is working at KISS, are you smitten me?
No, I had to verify it, and it's true
Johnny Dark is doing afternoons 2-7 on KISS, he's down on all these weekends
A weekend, so I see 2-7 weekends, and he's kissing it, that's what I'm hearing
And Philin?
He's wearing his Tiffin
F-E-E-N-W-L-S
Oh, the alcohol probably
Love those Dr. Pellas, B-E-N-W-S
Shake God go weather, the big T-E-N-E-N-E-N-W-L-S
Bob, you can get dizzy from playing too many of them
And we got to C-K-L-W ones, we got Bob Green
Both Bob Green, they used to work here at Q-A, and then when he went to Keener and Detroit
Were you worried about that?
That he was able to PD at Keener and Detroit?
Well, there you go
We got so many Bob Green's, we got Bob Green, that little weasel, used to be an IOD, of course
My good close personal friend who's still working on cooking up deals behind the scenes with Cheryl
They're cooking up something
And then we have the Bob Green that used to be Anita Bryant's husband
Back in those Anita Bryant gay bashing, witch hunting days in the late 70s
And then of course we found out that her former husband Bob Green had boyfriends up in Orlando
Oh, right
Yeah, we found that out, a little bit too late, I guess we found it out, not that it made a difference
And then of course there was the real Bob Green who used to work right here at this radio station
Right in this chair, wasn't it in this?
No
In fact, where on how was Q-A-M?
Is this any original studios?
Yeah, this certainly wasn't in that trailer
No
Nobody knew right in mind what it worked in, but in fact Ricky wouldn't even brought his cap into that place
That sounds like an investigative project
Yeah, let's find out where the O-W-Q-M used to be back when it was a real radio station back in the Glory Days man
Back when it was real Glory to be at this radio station as opposed to having a bunch of perverts drilling glories in the T-room, which is what we have now
Where's all my jingles by all its under Q-A-M, isn't it?
All the jingles we got the real ones?
We could play some of those although quite frankly
By six-o, WQ-A-M
We in south, we in south, by heavy
Number one under the sun
Now here's one that says all inspiring Pam's WLS news intro
And I think I listened to this already and quite frankly
See some of the real radio groupies like the guys that put this website together
They get a little bit over-impressed with like news intros and things like that
I think you're gonna be disappointed, but at any rate, it's coming!
Trust me!
Ah, you're right
Sir, you were absolutely correct
Thank you
It was pretty inspiring
It's not like that update that we got here at Q-A-M the one that goes
Like that for about two and a half minutes?
That was awe inspiring, wouldn't you think?
The McAllister Hotel in Luxurious Miami Beach
Was that where Q-A-M used to be?
Over on the beach
Well I'll be goddamned
And in fact we probably have some old WC-KR jingles to it here
Now what the hell is this?
WLS VUGY check!
I wish to tell these things would fire right off, you know, like real quick
So I didn't have to sit here like vamp and fart around
You know, just press the guy damn thingy
And of course, well I have to hear some of Bruce Bradley and WBZ
Who hated the music, by the way, should point that out
Anybody remember Bruce Bradley?
No, too bad
He also worked in Philly, I think, at WYBG
WYBG is on list, isn't it?
We're probably leaving some Philly stations out because I just never lived there
Who do we know from Philadelphia, anybody?
I mean WYBG was huge, huge, but it seems to me that
I don't know what station Allen Fried was on back during the pay-all of scandals in those days
But we'll find out
W-Q-A-M
Hey, is this George?
Yes
Hey George, I feel like you know being a native here, I'm not in the car anymore
The OQ-A-M was on 41st Street, also got free road in Miami Beach
Wow
And that's something
How long go was that?
Through the 60s and a good part of the 70s
And that I remember, I moved away from Miami Beach by the early 80s
So I don't know if it was still there, but that's where it used to be
Okay, thanks
You're welcome
See ya
Let's see, here's the facts from Billow says, who the hell does Mr. David did it and to think he is
I thought Rick Rodney was the world's most obnoxious sipping rip
But this old geezer with two first names might just be swiping the trophy right out of Rick's greasy ferret jerking paw
I'll play by playing out, who's supposed to be a relatively unbiased party, simply calling the game as it progresses
Leaving the extraneous comments to his in this case very capable color commentator
Alright
For some of it seems to think he's God's gift to radio, it's way beyond the boundaries of good taste
Much less professionalism to attempt to force his opinion about the playing status of a football player upon those officiating the game
He's gonna show Miami how to do a talk show, he's gonna tell sister Mary Madditch, who's exactly when to talk and when to shut up
He's gonna fire George just because he's stupid and now he's gonna tell the NFL how to run their enterprise
Let me tell you, he better know his place in this station mister because he sure doesn't
How do you like that?
Signed Bill, who I guess is kind of like amateur bridge tender
Thank you Bill, and says no mo bits, lots of mo bits
In fact, how is that CD doing? Looks like we're moving like hotcakes now, isn't it?
They ought to have any some audio
Oh, man
This is a little bit almost too much like work today, you know what?
As opposed to just reading them dumb bedtime stories, but a lot more fun
Now let's see, did I play that? What I guess we'll do a next thing WBZ in Boston?
By the way, W-I-N-S
W-I-N-S 10-10 West New York
W-I-N-S, thank you, get that on air, Kazirika
I'm calling him during the breaks with all of these things to make sure but he's been doing it
You're interrupting him a lot today, you know, and he might lose an answer too, but I doubt it
Remember I've talked about eating and talking at the same time, he puts me to shame as what I'm hearing
I'm telling you, he can eat like two or three breakfasts while he's communicating with you about the pole
That's the rumor from his lovely Japanese wife, that's what he told me
Is he got it up there yet or not? Cause he didn't know what to have to
He's holding onto it, but you can't get it to the world
Hold it back cause the phones are ringing off the hook on this thing
We're doing screenless by the way, because George is on strike, he won't answer your stupid calls
Auto, you don't have that thing up? No, no, we don't, so forget about that
We'll get to be the perth, huh? What would be the pole?
There wouldn't be any point, plus I got to take a leak real bad
Real bad
Nine minutes after 10 to 560 WQA, hey if maybe somebody took a leak on your mattress
That's a good lead in, huh? No, seriously, there are things that happen, you know, sometimes things seep out
We don't want to go into what it all might be
But anyway, after a certain amount of time, actresses get kind of funky, you know what I mean?
They're like, that's it, let's get rid of that thing
It smells bad and got only knows what's been going on and that thing
So let's get a great new mattress from our good friends, it's an allumatrus
And sleep in great comfort, that's what it's all about as far as your back and where you feel all the time and your health
If your back is out of sorts, probably you're not getting a good night's sleep every night
So call dial amactrus right now and by tonight you could be sleeping like in a whole different world
With a smile on your push, call 1-800-Mactrus
Like I always do, we get the ultimate freedom of brand name choice from the top makers in the universe
Serta, Seely Simmons, King Coil, and exactly the mattress you're looking for is in stock right now
I personally guarantee it or we'll give a Georgia way to the aerosomia
And of course their prices exceptionally low every day prices, not just some stupid sale once in a while
That they then give you a bait and swish and give you something you didn't want in the first place
Every day on beatable low prices too
And as far as delivery is concerned, the greatest deal you've ever heard of in your life
You pick the day, any day of the week, seven days a week to two our window,
Noon to two, one to three, two, fourteen to four, fourteen
Whatever it might be when it's convenient for you when you're going to be home and they'll be there
And they'll take away that crappy smelly old bedding
And set you off a great new name brand mattress, it's an unbeatable deal all the way around
And then on top of that you have 30 days to test it out, make sure it's the one that's right for you and your back
So pick up that phone right now and do your mattress shopping the smart way by calling the experts at dial a mattress
1-800-MATTRES or check them out in that way at mattress.com
This is sports radio bikes to QAM
Remember this golden gasser
Wonderful WQAM
He's back again
Back to the pumpkin patch as the world's greatest star awaits the return of the world's greatest pumpkin
Happy Pace, it's the great pumpkin James Brown
Papa's in the pumpkin patch
Come on, give me that
It's TV's pumpkin-y perennial flavor
Wilbur, great pumpkin, finally visit James this year
Join soul brother number one and his friends for the funkiest Halloween ever
Have you know the great pumpkins on the finest patch?
Yes
Because James be wearing the psychotemic hot pants this year
I hope you'll like James because I don't want to miss out on the sickle fans
I miss you don't need no candy when the gods bought a soul make your face so sweet
Give it up
It's the great pumpkin James Brown
Good sweet, I feel good
Head 16 to 560 WQAM here's another old guy how you doing suds?
Oh I'm doing just great never better
Yeah, hold on
I don't even believe his hornet just flew in the kitchen
Go to hell
Is this an old man?
Yeah, I think it means something
No seriously, what are you guys doing anything?
Well I'm making a placemat out of a loose cat hair
I think Rick is hurting sheep and he's got a loom and making his own clothes
Oh yeah, he finally thought his calling it sounds like him
Yeah
But no, nothing I'm really getting sick and tired of it and I'm bored and I'm getting pissed off
Yeah, maybe I need to get a new dish gets to find some new channels
That might do it
Yes, spice up your luck just a little bit
It's just me and turn classic movies all day long
There you go, what more could you want?
I got a couple of stations for him
Yes sir
Oh, West might help you out
KOL and KJR both in Seattle
Oh, damn things radios
I'll see I never live there
KJR and Eric better be putting these down
Okay, because this is a man who knows his radio and once worked it a long time ago
KJR and KOL
Yeah, excellent
If you get the WFIL in Philadelphia
Oh yeah, WFIL very good
And WMEX Boston
That's on there
Oh, is it?
In fact, there's some on, I'll remember to play later, there's an Arne Ginsburg clip on this website
You ever check this website out?
You know, and I'm sorry George, but you know, it's not a personal here with George
But you know, I passed this site on to him at least three years ago to get him
Oh, I forgot
Yeah, but you see if you would have done it three years ago, but I already done this show
And I wouldn't have anything to do next if we had time story
So it's good that
There's a, there's a cup, by the way, there's an old WFUL newscast on there
That is just a killer
With bells and sirens and nods
She's just ridiculous, but it was funnier now
And there's also another bit on that website called Just Nine
You ever heard that?
No
It's kind of like a parody of radio, tightening up everything to the point where, finally, the only thing anybody says is Nine
Really?
Yeah
Like Robert Greenberg could be on it
Yeah
So you just tighten nine in that search engine there and it'll pop right off the screen
Okay, great
So I'll listen, I got a run now
Okay, you don't want to miss, well, Ren and Snippy
Okay
Take your say adipam
Yes, I will
And Rick, if you must
Okay, see you
So I'll see you
So it's Coleman from Rick and Sons, Voix-Tubey, what a shame, my nice guy, as well, Rick was, yeah
Now Rick's okay in his own bizarre, we see every time we get into this, we get started again and you go into denial
Because you're a real pussy and you don't want to like
I don't deny anything
I don't have any problem with Rick
Rick is just kind of a yey who, okay, he keeps trying to kill his kids
And you know, now they're doing a fine job on that
And you're gonna assess with a cheerleading wife now
I'm trying to figure out, was the second wife the cheerleading wife?
Yes
So that was very similar to the Paxon experience, the former stripper turned born again Christian
That gave Buddy Bud religion, I got him to be, at least on the surface of religious, not even when he said
Ah, it's all a vantissue, man, he told me that
And then we got Rick, who used to be a real pervert and then turned into a real goody-two shoes because of his cheerleading born again Christian wife, right?
Something like that
Even when his kids turned out to be real hell-raises as he would recount on the wrong tree
My theory is, she just awakened stuff that was already inside
By the way, we'll tell Pete Boulder a special high-for-your-suds
Hey Pete, two-for-you for the price of one
Here's what it says, check out the www.aircheckfactory.com
They've got old DJ tapes, even Roby Young
Oh, I can't wait to hear Roby Young, huh?
I bet you're here
I bet you're here
I bet you're on this, oh jeez
Just when my tennis elbow was getting better, we're getting two with the ice
And I just threw it over
We have to go
We have to go
Now there's a Ricky Tiki one on here and there's a Roby one
And boy, we could hear the Aka Pella, Roby Young
It would make give me goosebumps in my groin
We have to go another winner
On bicycle, so you can stay in
It gets the right
Anyway, we got the whole history of WQM
Where did we get this off the QM website?
www.560.com
Wow
Not our website, somebody else's
560.com?
Yes
And no, it's not the current QM website obviously because it's much too good for that
But it's got the whole history of WQM
Which I think I might get into a little bit of this sunshine wireless, purchased the station in the 85
But what would they have bought you, great robbers, huh? That was the two live Jews
Yeah, those guys may
They made these people look like fast pay is what those people were
And then sold it to Beasley Broadcasting in 1960, current owner is...
Must be
Roby Young
Roby Young
He's still dead by the way
He's still dead by the woman with a man in mind
Roby Young
On WQM
1021 at 560, it's celebrate radio day
I'm not really sure why, but why not?
I'm enjoying it
Everybody around here is running around, suds, calls in
This is more fun than we've had since you got your bonus check six months ago
Or 10 months, whenever the hell it was
Now we're all caught up, right?
Yes
And then of course Monday we'll find out if any of us are going to be getting the next bonus check
That's the pressure is going to be building like I said
You can smell it here
Where's Bruce Bradley?
Is he coming up? WBZ? That was a great station man
I live in Boston
I live in 1905, approximately, roughly in the city
It's passed by, I have 60 degrees outside in Boston too, cut a lot too
He will ask the English going up Bruce Bradley, Tuesday show
Elba
It's number 10 tonight
I like it if you want to send my...
Sounds like Bob Lincoln, right?
Do you want to dig a lot of digests?
The King still lives out with friends, they are number two BZs for exactly their 60
Oh, it's called Viva Las Vegas, it's number 10, cut a lot of the bleach boys
Next, after we break your eyes
More than half the people in Massachusetts have Blue Cross Blue Shield
Paul or Wright, Blue Cross Blue Shield or this station today
I think I'll play a pretty song
He painted the Sweden in every one of these songs I've played
I was in the swing as the big boys number four
That word baby, it's trash to be going daddy
As the beat's boys, I double to BZ, I was spectacular
64 would never, never, ever, ever, ever
An unsuccessful song, the top three songs coming along after Brian Neal and Billy J. Kramer
His number three was little chill on
See, Billy J. Kramer didn't I just mention that before?
Of course you wanted to know why, I already listened to that earlier
But nevertheless, there's a little psychic connection there, ain't there?
No
Let's see, WDQM was also downtown Miami, around 1954 to 1956
Givertech, more Masomenas
Did you mention WGTO or WocN?
WocN?
What's that?
I don't know
Ocean?
WGT?
Oh!
I think that's it was in Dayton, Ohio, wasn't it WGTO?
Dayton, Ohio?
Yeah, like I've been to Dayton?
No, no, I'm not saying that, but if you ever lived in the Midwest, which I did, Dayton, Ohio
It was one of those with a good signal, you hear it at night, WGT
Oh!
Oh, then of course there was that song by the Hondaels, did they do a little GTO?
I think so
It's opposed to the stand-ills who did dirty water
See, this is all bad now, see?
And then I'm going to go back to that one-hit wonder stuff again
And I won't have time for no bad, bad, bad written stories
Oh, right
That's bad, but that'll give me a chance to get my pile built up here, you know?
There's nothing like having your pile built enough
That's what Moe told me this morning
Sean and Hollywood is a chronic factor, but a pretty good one usually, pretty dependable, reliable guy
He says, last time I was in Pittsburgh, I tuned into KDK A and heard Rush Limbaugh pipe tin
You see, that's the sad part of all these big 50,000-watt powerhouse stations
Now they're all running the same syndicated crap
If I knew where to get explosives, I'd suicide bomb their transmitter screaming
Long live Ed and Wendy King
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, Ed and Wendy King
Now let's see, who else used to be on KDK
That was a guy on at night
I know, he was out overnight
When I worked in Sarasota, I used to hook up with his guy during his show
He used to put me on here from Sarasota and Les
Burried, Jack Wheeler
And everybody I've talked to in the business said, Jack Wheeler was like a BWINNLIMM like that, like a WACO, which I'm sure he's dead
Fat ass Limbaugh Sean says, on the birthplace of Radio The Gale, here it is, Reed's Cordic, Jack Bogut
Art Palants, John Signe, oh John Signe
Who I believe once upon a time worked in Lansing, Michigan, a WILS, I think
Perry Marshall, Roy Foxx, and the great Uncle Ed Seanesys
Matter of fact, John Mahor was doing the news in WABC and at Danny Grum thing I played before
John Mahor used to do the news of Keener and Detroit and before that at WKFR, Keener and Battle Crick
And I think he once drank water out of a Crick, that's what Tommy Thompson told me
PS in the 70s, it says the best top 40s station was 13Q, WKTQ featuring Don Cox
Are you ready for that Don Cox?
Party
Especially for those who want to hear the night's delight, the night's delight went out in Georgia seven times an hour
Speaking of KQV, the word around the campfire is that former hipster Jim Quinn has become so right
WINNLIMM makes Limbaugh look like Pete Signe, what a drag it's getting old
Okay, thank you Sean
Remember that song, what a drag it is getting old, Pedalsong, WGTO
I don't know, I don't think I'm going to put that on, they're all though I'm sure it was probably pretty good
What was it, Stone Song?
What was?
That's right, there was this make, old wrinkled up dead British, some of them dead British
Yeah, you're right
Anyway, what the hell am I doing here? I was going to queue up that Arnie Ginsburg thing but I'll get to it after the break
So much pressure, so little time, you know what?
Like I said, this is almost too much like work, I'm sure that there's some people out there
Do we rather hear the bedtime stories, we want to hear your bash bush again, don't worry
We got plenty of time, we got two days less three weeks until the election
Guess who my mother's going to vote for? Well of course that would be in any case anyway
She went to vote in the primary and September 10th and was going to vote for Bill McBride
And over there in Hollywood she went 830 in the morning and they vote over there in the clubhouse
And the Condo Compulse and the people were even older than she is
Which I guess she's a teenager at Billing
The people are like in their 110s
We weren't ready yet, we haven't got these, they haven't figured a machine that she just she went home forgot about it
She wasn't going all the way back
Taking that two minute walk all the way over to the clubhouse again to bother voting
And it's a damn good thing, he didn't lose by one vote, I'll tell you that right now
Or you had had some real, real bad crap on your conscience
If poor Bill McBride would have lost by one vote
1027 at 560 WQM is there still anybody with a brain out there who's not playing at VIP sportsbook.com?
Well let me tell you right now if that's the case in your life you're missing out on a really great sportsbook
You could be plunging in safety and in glee
You hear a lot of ads these days but you need to do some research before you put your cash down at some unstable third world sportsbook
Like say over there on Flagler Street
Let me help you out VIP sportsbook.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdogs
They're Dutch based all hallelujah and one of the first online sportsbooks in the world
So if you go on the world of a lifetime you want to be hooked up with the best sportsbook go and make sure you get your cash
VIP sportsbook.com and with a football season just absolutely and hey hysterical full force
You better be with the best which is VIP sportsbook.com open it a count online and get you that 15% cash signup bonus
And don't forget they offer you the highest prolly odds in the world up to 2000 to 1
So get hooked up with VIP sportsbook.com and play it a book with some real class call 1-866 VIP bets
That's 1-866 VIP BTS or like I said sign up online to get that 15% bonus that discount call VIP sportsbook.com where you are the VIP
My mind and local we're sports radio 560s you a you a yeah
Don't have a penis
I'm bored yeah me too
Hey kids how would you like to go somewhere fun for vacation
Yeah
A place that's made for the whole family yeah
Well get ready for Snoop Dogg
Doggy Land
Ride the thrilling ride by shooting ride and the low rider merry go round
This is so much fun
Head over to ganglion for biggie smalls wild biggest limo ride
Oh ride
Kick out Snoop Dogg's cornroll or coaster or target range
Every Tuesday is got a goal to get in three day
Ask about our golden platinum chain all day passes
This is the best vacation of all world
Yo come ride the ride that doggy land that's where it's at
Oh yeah you know what I'm saying
Okay 1032 this thing is gonna start playing any second I think I hope I pray
Well I thought maybe I get clever there
See there you go
City police are looking for a lone bandit who hit a well as far go truck for $55,000
80% of which was cash and down tell Miami
The Coast Guard reports 44 Cuban refugees
Our feared dead is the result of a both being swamped by hurricane ideas in the Florida Scrapes
The search continues in the old color national forest for two young women who disappeared last Sunday
Wild on a picnic
Spine Baltimore Orioles hope to make it three in a row when they play the Los Angeles Dodgers in the third game of the world series
The odd makers give the Orioles the nod at five to seven
The Dodgers are starting their hopes with left-handed Claude Osteen right-hander Willie bunker will be on the mound for the Orioles
The new F-U-M
Y'all to head of much more music look for partly clear skies a high Saturday and year 88
Bowl 75 Bill haze WF-U-M news center
F-U-M
Cash Sherman term is called Andy is 25 for the chapter nine dedication tonight for daddy also for HK for Dean O'Bernie, Mary Connie and for BAD
How would you like to travel around the world and get paid for the privilege?
I'm not kidding because you can travel around the world
Visit all those exotic places and make up to $33,000 a year while you're doing it by becoming an airline pilot
And are you lucky because right here in Miami is the nation's largest career pilot training school?
Burnside-off Burnside-off now has two complete training sessions. I'm going to keep coming here baby
Miami and Opalaka Airport over 80, 19, 66, that does with more instrument panels allow you to train when you want as often as you like
So get set today for your prestige career as an airline pilot call Burnside-off 6816635
That's Burnside-off Aviation Training Center 6816635
We go all into the wild to be on there
Don't fall for it
Hi, Mikey Harvey High School football school had brought you by the really folks at Burger Gas all these are halftime
Burger Gas and Edison 7 Miami High 20 early nothing else in the third period
Norland had a carol city by IP 1616
It's off the beginning of the third period there another halftime school highly at 20 call of tables 7
And halftime from the little 20 Southwest nothing
Miami Beach and Miami Springs tight up 7 and 7
Another halftime school or South-Aid 7 North Miami nothing but that's in the third period
No score on the MacArthur's trend and games 0-0 and at halftime it's Nova 7 plantation nothing
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas and
Burger Gas plus
撮י
$巨ה
$2.00
Rahu up
$2
$2
젊
Yeah!
Oh
Yeah
Oh
All right right in the middle of the dial what a frequency a 1000
Used to do the white socks games Bob LSN on WCFL
Was a great station for about an hour. Now actually that I don't think they did all that great they went up against WLS
And I just don't think they ever did that great as a top 40 station. What the hell do I know?
5 6 7 0 5 16 out before we take anymore calls or anything more put in WDRC and Hartford on there because
Duff came in and just jumped around and went nuts
No, he didn't but he said he said TIC was 50,000 watts
But they weren't like the big dominant top 40 station Hartford it was WDRC
I said well leave here. I'll leave that up to you. What do I know from Hartford, you know?
Who cares about freaking Hartford with all due respect, you know, I mean he lived there in that area or somewhere he lived somewhere
Rick and Suss were on in Hartford were they really they were on in Seattle?
Yes, they were what station were they on in Hartford?
Well, why didn't you ask Suss when he called me before he could totally what states they were on in Hartford?
I'll be called back probably WDRC. He'll call you on the bat line and tell you he's not doing anything anyway. That was depressing, you know
Just sitting around
Watch in TV and of course he's seen all the reruns of those all of you've seen all the flipper reruns a million times by now and
all those other
Cornball shows he likes the monsters. He's seen all of those 4,000 times and he ought to be on a year somewhere
Like maybe like part time like you're doing the summertime or something. I'm sorry
Well, that's right. So it's in fact Suss
I know he calls and pretends to be your friend when you know you're champ with him off the air
But the fact of the matter is he's really waiting till Monday. Okay, I think I'm gonna
Reckham's friendship. What you can't pay the rent with friendship. That's right
Yeah, he mentioned that to me very quietly you weren't listening
So anyway WQA and Alice Branigan writes in January of 1923
The Department of Commerce issued a broadcasting license to the electrical equipment company 42 Northwest 14 fourth street in Miami
The auto and radio sales slash service company was owned by WW loose
His new station WQA was authorized to operate with 250 watts almost as much as we got now on 833
833
Whoever heard of a frequency that ended, you know, well like a odd number like QA was the southern most broadcasting station in the US
This is 1923. That's almost 80 freaking years ago. No wonder it's almost the in here
For whatever reason within a few brief months WQA had cut its power back to a hundred watts
In those days the government was driving stations crazy by constantly reorganizing their frequency assignments
This was the Department of Commerce's inept attempt at dealing with the rapidly expanding service through government regulations governing brought though government regulations
Gov. What is it though regulations governing broadcasting were virtual non-existent by early 24 the government relocated QM to 1140
But by July they again ordered to move to a thousand just like WCFL in Chicago a thousand
By the end of 24 the station had been told to shift to 1120 only to be sent back to 1140 in July of 25 by that time
QM was calling itself the pioneer broadcast station of Florida
Stations were not universally pleased with their newly mandated frequency reassignments during this period of no radio regulation
It was a common practice for stations to ignore federal assignments and simply use their own favorite channels
Yeah, as a matter of fact we're moving to 940 tomorrow because that the
Cheap channel is ruled that frequency did we ever put I and Z on air or not now we didn't know nobody ever called and said oh
Yeah, that used to be very big here. I don't know
Let's see there's to ignore in 9 November 25 QM reportedly jumped to the unauthorized frequency of 1050
Which also used to be a chit a CHUM in Toronto and WMGM in New York and then WHN
Using one kilowatt those still authorized for 1140 with 100 watts you following that they moved to 1050 using a thousand watts
Although they were authorized for 1140 on the route with 100 watts
Okay, yeah, what's the difference QM was still my only year round broadcasted because WIOD WMBF shut down during the summer
Not that it was a seasonal town or horse and buggy place
It's almost enough to make me want to play that the thing with Jean sister Jean the radio machine or whatever name was but not not quite
In the spring of 1927 the newly formed FCC assigned WQM to 930 got me been all over the dial and still got a crappy signal
Promoting the station operate with 750 watts by November QM was shifted to 780 and I'm getting ahead
H's Readness in late 28 QM was moved to 1240 by early 29 the new licensee became the Miami broadcasting company
They increased power to a thousand watts and moved the studios to Miami's postal building 327 Northeast 1st Avenue
The Western electric transmitter was relocated to the 15th floor of the realty board building 600 biskeying boulevard when these changes were completed WQM shifted
Stop position to 560
In January of 32 QM's transmitter was moved to the top of the Miami daily news building and 38 it was again moved to the waters
Edged this game in 14th Street where new 224 foot self-supporting
Blondock's vertical tower was installed the station slogan became the voice of tropical America
In 1941 WQM received a permit to increase its daytime power to 5,000 watts and this was complained and of course, you know
We can go 50,000 watts. That's what Greg told me
He sucked me into coming over to this horse ball place. We can go 50,000. I said yeah chickens can pee too
But nobody told him to lift their leg and you know we did lift his leg right up in the air
In 1947 a new 380 foot tall lehigh
Self-supported vertical radiating antenna was installed on a pier extending out into viscane bay at 1425
Northeast Bay Shore Court just out of the Venetian causeways Miami terminus
In 1949 QM studios removed a sweet 1723 in the Alfred I do pond building a downtime Miami in 56 the station was sold at Todd's stores
Midcontinent broadcast and company later be known as the stores broadcasting company. That's what it was in its heyday
The studios and offices were moved in 62 to the Mezzanine floor of Miami's McAllister hotel as 40,000 people appointed out to us
A permit was also issued that you to change the transmitter site in 65 the station's main studio was relocated to 767
41st Street in Miami Beach the studios ran their till 85 when they were relocated to 98 81 Sheridan Street in Hollywood in early 88
Oh, that must be the trailer they're talking about the dump
That's sore that toilet the red infested bug infested is the Humper used to say
Boy, it's a 98 81 Sheridan Street where your dog wouldn't go in there
I'll tell you that right now the transmitter was moved away some new site near Miami and can I commenced a M stereo operation?
We're stereo
We're in stereo
It's not no mo
That's what it says here the old 5K continental transmitter was put up for sale QM had been running your country music format
But in 90 the station added oldies and sports talk
Sport hole talk the country music format was dropped that was continuing out over the FM outlet kiss where Johnny Dark is doing weekends 2 to 7 at
Bokaratone
Oh, you know something I realized that kisses in Bokar. I thought they're right down the street here. They are they are what right down the street
So what does that mean at Bokaratone you will have the oldies music lasted till 93 when the format was changed to all sports and the station became known as sports radio 560 in mid 96
The station law with kiss became the property of the sunshine wireless company the two live Jews as sports radio 560 QM operates full time yada yada
Thanks to broadcast profile for permitting us to extra information from their lengthy report on WQ. YM yada yada
It's a sunshine wireless purchase the station in 85 then sold it to be easily broadcasting in 1996 the current cheap ass owners
Although George did finally get his bonus the current it says that right there the current cheap ass owners
But they're Yahoo's from up in a tree
Who pawned their banjo and still can't afford to pay anybody?
How do you like that? Huh? Little radio intensive here boys and girls
I know a lot of you young punk's out there now. Let's see. How old would you have to be?
But you're not that old you're getting old, but you're not that old 37 about how old you have to be remember like the when a
M top 40 stations were still going pretty strong. What was the end of that?
I don't know
Well, why not 70 something I would imagine mid 70 70 when it started to really disappear. Yeah
Well, let's see. I came here in 76 and
in 76 I
Think GBS was still playing music
I and Z was doing all news. I just remember the mid 70s being the beginnings of like
Let's pick a year 75 all right. Just pick a year 75 would be 27 years ago
So if you were like what eight or ten?
All right, huh? Sure, I mean kid when you were a little kid you listen to the radio sure
So let's see where like 10 years old so that would be twice as to me like you're let's say 35 plus if you're 35 plus
Then you remember some of this and you remember when your radio was a wonderful thing when it's business for you staff
personalities people you would tune into listen to and they'd move from one station to another and you'd follow them because they were they meant something
Like Dick pertinent Detroit. He's been on like 75 different stations
And no matter where he goes people tune in because he's legendary because he's a talent because he means something
See if you go from one station to another one and nobody listens it means like
You're not a talent. You have no following say you have no following
Boy you went move from one station to another one and he had these big gigantic juicy ratings like
Very few people in the business have been able to do over the years. This sounds very self-aggrandizing of course it is
I shouldn't feel bitter about anything though because we got the new monitor for you there
We got the vents have been like moved in so the air is blowing like distributing nice and even in here
Thanks machine work the facts machine fix. Thanks to our good friend. What's his name Jose?
At laser MD Inc. and Hollywood. Thanks Jose
Everything is like coming up roses now and plus this thing and like I told suds if you would have passed that information along to me long time ago
I would have done this already and then the audience if you say oh we already heard this okay been there done that
Been there done that no one he does a contract
Oh, and I have good news for you about that to in a break too real yeah, they have a meeting was posted because of that
Yeah unfortunate incident but nevertheless I spoke to your attorney yesterday. Why thank you and he said
Moe wishes you the best to like Moe wants to witness the signing
Yeah, he said he said they're gonna have the meeting in a restaurant where you'll be safe
Louise in the Bronx
1057 at 560 WQA and Moe will be there to supervise
I'm here. I gotta go to the bathroom if you love your home
But need more space. What do you do do?
Hundreds of other people are doing call strictly additions
Whether you're having a new baby wanted or unwanted and need another room if you're converting a carpenter patty
When living space maybe you've got it a business for yourself and you want to make an office in your house
Call strictly additions and let them handle all the details for it because that's what they'll do
They really are your one-stop shop more space for your place place with a totally positively
Absolutely worry for your approach to expanding your living space
No shows you've heard of by other contractors
Well, it happened with these people in complete work no chance
No one expected bills no worries about the job not getting done right and they take care of every single last detail
They drop your blueprints they get to building permits handle all the inspections for you strictly additions
It's got that easy that five-step approach to total customer satisfaction
Why this is still in the copy PDF? I have no idea but then again
He's busy doing drugs first of all called a schedule a free project evaluation appointment at your home where a project
Estimated will determine the scope of your addition secondly schedule a bit appointment in their convenience room where you'll get a
Detail proposal and an exact price to the penny for the work third select your finishing touches go to contract
Fourth review the design architectural drawings and then finally fifth most happily of all sit back and relaxes your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with
Unbeatable quality. It's a piece of cake. You've strictly additions a call at 9.5.4
7 9 1 8100 that's 9 5 4 7 9 1 8100 their license they're insured they do spectacular work
They serve all of the day all of brown and South Palm Beach
Let me say it again all of brown and South Palm Beach and you might want to check out their annual pages or just give them a call at
9 5 4 7 9 1 8100
9 5 4 7 9 1 8100 Tom that old Neil told you to call strictly addition
Welcome back to this installment that'll mo how it David
Try難
eligible
my dead beaver what dead beaver the one that's glued to your head
i am
I can do this the easy way to hard way.
What do you think you are?
You know who I am?
I don't know, I'm just stepping back.
I don't put my hair in the movie ol' paint.
I am your movie ol' paint.
Oh!
What's that?
Let's see them all for thinking.
Yes, wrap them down.
Hey, hey, hey, what's that?
What the fuck?
Oh!
What's that?
Oh!
Oh!
What's that?
What's that?
Oh!
Shit, my brush is tingling!
Oh!
No, I know how that gist goes to the throat!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Elvis Presley, he's got a lot of living to do.
Elvis in our spotlights, and this is a command for once.
This is Hans number one favorite.
I forgot to remember to forget Elvis.
I forgot to read from the two parts.
Yes, sir.
In our spotlights tonight, the very fantastic Elvis Presley,
the man who has had in a role consecutively,
fifteen or sixteen better than a million sellers.
This young lad has a great feeling,
feeling that the teenagers understand for music,
and of course, a feeling that gets through to a lot of older people,
that digs the music of the common man.
That's what Elvis portrays.
Listen right now as he does the rhythm and blues favor.
One way popular by Lloyd Price.
Oh!
Johnny.
Johnny.
Johnny, Jared.
Johnny.
Johnny, Michael Aweson.
acity, Rock & Roll.
Johnny.
Johnny, disc golf.
Johnny, Iessa.
thyroid and
the
issue
have your radio on and you have hound around and they radio with you or in the car
on the radio riding along with you will you take it easy please I don't want
anything to happen I want to get to where we're going now let's preview next week
the AMNA cabbage hits 50 cents no bottle caps and you've got Frank Gallup and
hey Frank got a match
hi we're the planet Donnie
Mori and kick off real life record we mind you that you are listening to the
Hound Dog's go WKBW 15 20 on your radio dial okay that's especially for fat
boy if he's in a building or anywhere around think he's in a building where's
he gonna be you know what I'm saying he's in the house or he's in a building
towards hound dog or ends WKBW Buffalo in fact the blurb on here it says if
Alan Fried was the father of rock and roll radio then George Hound dog
or ends was certainly the uncle he was one of the very first to play rhythm
and blues records on a regular basis in the early 50s the fact that one in
fans with the kids and enemies with some grown-ups yeah those grown-ups
probably what year was this 58 and we're still pissed off about Elvis
Cheryl says this is not a good close personal friend Cheryl but a chronic
fancier Cheryl the radio show is a lot of fun today have a radio rumor question
is you sure gonna be picked up or syndicated by a West Palm B aria station
hopefully now 92.7 oh sure
sure what kind of mushrooms you haven't pronounced today huh sweetheart
send some down here please tell us if it's true if it's true it's your
news to me it'd be wonderful if you're placed a really lame midday show she
says from a very chronic listener never call her in Phil's mirror which is right
near Vesmer west of Sebastian where else Sebastian up there no
much in inlet like Jupiter in the room Cheryl who more must turn the old
boys up to 95 to pick up your signal sorry Cheryl we're talk louder how's that
how's that Cheryl now somebody says WGM so I feel bad why did I think it was
in Dayton Ohio I don't know senility could be because WGTO stands for stood
for golf to ocean and it says it was on a west coast of Florida to the east coast
Tampa St. Pete's her soda something like that there's fat boy the how dog do
hear that George Lawrence that prop has some memories by the way fat boy just
turned 82 today like I said he only looks 92 he just turned 82 I got some see
close the door open out of again slam it in his chair got some Joey on here
haha so that mentioned Joey he flew up right he rolled a he wheeled right into
the wall you see that so I mentioned Joey WOC and ocean radio while I got that
right yeah we got some Joey on here from pretty crap great music formats same
song repeated in different format it says in other words they were played like
the uptown douchebag mix you know on the extended oh it was him it was
that stuff in the box oh thank you very much yeah totally yesterday he was
okay in his own bizarre fat way okay what I tell you you're Cassie it's you guys
stick together I was Joe Costello I said it Joe Costello wouldn't know this
looks like you you think that Joe Costello knows these radio stations no where
he's he lived all his life here right so how do I know and he would know if you
win in QAM right and I and Z a little bit maybe and GBS just taking which can still
don't want to tell us about GBS but that's okay but what do I know about those
stations he wouldn't he just in addition which didn't we just figure out a few
months ago that he's never been anywhere which is why I talked him in a
coming up to Toronto where he and his buddies had a great time yes although he
want to do you know that he went up there via Boston with a stop with a bad
connection probably a bargain and wouldn't you think that nowadays wouldn't this
be the time to be flying through Logan Airport in Boston this would be a great
time to be doing that nice going Joe but they had a great time anyway I'm not
knocking Joe but the fact is what does he know about radio and if you want to
fight out tune in to the six tonight overnight and you'll discover what he
knows about radio and then listen between six and six thirty and you'll fight
out for a second time in case you missed it the first time what you'll
and mark know about radio because you'll hear the same stuff recycled again with
kind of a different voice anyway ten past eleven I'm having a great we might
just continue this tomorrow you know oh no don't do it too bad why not because we're
not going to get to that much of this today so I'm watching over here the
North Korea's got the nooks and they're working on it like it's a big secret we
know that tell us something we don't know okay like the president just got
smarter something like that did that happen no well we're waiting you know
we all have different lifestyles therefore we need different products to make
us feel better and be healthier all you may mediterranean formulas or
advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins minerals
herbals and lots of other good nutrients in there scientifically designed to
provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific parts of your
health look for all you may it's three great new formulas they have one to help
you sleep one for weight management and co-enzyme q10 and believe me when I
tell you boy co-Q10s one of the best things you can take all using the
benefits of the best olive oil you'll find anywhere is all you may as a great
new product is available at public's records well greens for more info call
olio med at this tool free number one eight six six olio med that's one eight six six
five three sixty six thirty thirty three six five three sixty six thirty three
you can also check them out on their website olio medamerica dot com and don't
forget if you visit your nearest publics and purchase an olio med product
and brown or date counties you can get you a coupon for a free Larry cocker
bobblehead dial while supplies last don't forget to visit their sampling
provision at sports down every Sunday when the office are playing home games
pick up free olio med samples and product information and start feeling like a
human being again
local
five
six
you
I have my nose up nails
I think
police go away
new
iction
and
Just like your fat fat churly ladies,
Have you bite your seats on a plane?
Spend them your fingers that of yellow stain
From sea toes, and sea urcholes.
Vanderfiggy Puno,
How to be fat disgusting and tasty always.
You make the churly women smile,
Play like a cow, who's bad and sassy.
Think smelly, bad soul, repulsive and mild.
Your body cheese smells like a grapple.
After it was occupied by a head pass,
Learned a shoe or two get into your car.
Cussard to got him why.
Onkin' squeal, onkin' squeal,
Fat lady, with your number less mean.
Slower in and start to the tree between her knees.
Ashmettino yeast, most fishy to me.
That was a putty of that moist and tasty pear.
Love it 16 at 560 WQA.
I'll tell you, don't forget Joey Joe Costello
and Mike's hard lemonade this afternoon,
4 to 6 at the public located.
At 1305 University, driving cruel spring,
Stop by to win our usual low budget QA in prizes,
And register to win a pair of tickets
To the homestead Miami Speedway in November.
So David Fax is in says,
We listen to every day here at our computer business via the internet.
Now where are they?
Oh, in Naples.
Well, thank you David.
Have you mentioned WQ and Refflone?
Of course he must have sent this just before I played the Hound Dog,
George Lerence.
And then when he said that as I was reading this,
So I queued up the thing to Joey Reynolds from KVW.
He can wait. Joey can wait, you know?
He's an asshole.
Yeah, because he says 1520 on the dial was 50,000 watts,
Which George Lerence they were just playing a promo.
He says, I used to listen to J. Nelson as a teen,
Along with all the others.
Well, I don't have any ear checks from KVW on J. Nelson.
But, Chum and Toronto baby,
George Lerence.
Marine Gary Lewis, John Time is five,
And it's half 2 7 o'clock on the J. Nelson show 16 degrees outside today's eye.
We'll get up there 30 degrees.
Hey, good morning, John G.
I had what's the problem.
Now I have the worst luck.
What happened?
Sorry, brick, money, laying in three places.
Aware.
Vancouver.
Montreal and Halifax.
Back in the new array.
How can just one calorie taste so good?
It's seven minutes after 7 o'clock, 16 degrees outside to win this door.
It's 11 miles an hour today.
It's high time at 2 minutes 30.
And for Bob McAdoy and the crowd who are going down the sea bring today to see the big sea bring races.
We've got the sea bring weather bureau coming through with their direct weather report.
I hope the screws doesn't get bad.
Place the log and then go on there.
The direct weather report will be coming up at 7.15 this morning.
The operator says at 7.15 you should be able to get through.
So I guess they've been really bombarded around race time down there.
And just before the race is because everybody from all over the country is checking in with the weather.
Just to see what the weather will be when they get there and on race day.
Hi today near 30, a clear with a few cloudy periods today.
Gary Marsden has a great saw.
I can saw the way to number three in the shot chart.
This is a very trustworthy.
That's very close.
The mercy 10 minutes after 7 o'clock.
Good morning to you, John.
Thank you.
There you go. Just for a road.
I mean I didn't find him very exciting.
But it's just a couple of minute air check.
Maybe he was great on KB.
But maybe not.
Another big top 40 station.
David says with their smaller market was super 50 KF-XD and Boise Idaho.
Oh, you should know that one.
Oh, 5,000 watts.
That's a tough 7 Western states at night.
You know, like Idaho and Wyoming.
Montana.
And Montana and Iowa states where nobody lives.
Ask Eric to set you up a simple comments for him on the website.
We enter suggestions and you see them on your super secret page only.
He can limit to just a few characters.
So no problems with the chronic sending too much crap.
One click by you. They're either gone or moved to the just to go all the paper you'll save.
Now also I mentioned WFU and Vawana Johnny.
Who's on here? You heard that this morning.
I'll play. I'll get to that.
Also memory from AM, but not a particular station.
Dr. Demento.
Maybe Dr. Demento might be on here. I'm sure he's on some website.
But more importantly than that.
I found chicken man on there today.
I like to suds.
Such would probably reach down and scratch his ass if he heard chicken man.
You know what?
From inside his pants. He'd probably go nuts.
Do you remember chicken man?
Or did you just hear that? You know?
Well, I'll get to it.
I'll eventually get to it.
But I think Eric can close this out now, don't you?
Please.
Because we can always add to it later, but it's almost 1130 already.
Let's get the show on the road, eh?
We got a lengthy list of you tuning in midstream. You missed all the good stuff.
The greatest AM top 40 radio station ever was.
Here's our list so far.
WQAM, WFUN, WCFL, WLS, WABC, WKNR, KENER-13 Detroit, WYBG, WAPE, the big ape.
All right, I haven't played the big APA anyway.
The grease man, we will. WMGM, KHJ.
You know, when I was in LA many, many years ago and they were still very big.
And that's all these KHJ. It's all they said.
They play a lot of music. KHJ, great.
CKLW, CHUM Toronto, which we just heard Jane Ellsson pretty boring.
WSYZ Detroit, WBZ, WMEX, WKVW, WFIL, WHK Cleveland, KFI.
Are you sure?
Yeah. WWWE, Triffle, WEE, WO, WO, Fort Wayne, Indiana, 1190 on the dial.
Fort Wayne, Kamataki is brought to you by K-A-A-Y, Little Rock.
Is that right?
I don't know.
KNPC for all the West Coast people again. WJB, KDTroyd.
I think that's, I think Robyn Seymour worked on WJB, and also Jack DeBelboy.
Well, what am I talking to you about? You don't know your Detroit, Mr. E.
You know what? You're not missing much.
And those days it was great. That was Martha June the CooN.
She wasn't on that station. She was on W. What was it?
Inxter. Well, I don't know what she was on. WMCA, maybe drugs.
KQV, KDKA, Pittsburgh. How come? Well, we didn't have that one facts about all the people who were on there.
We just courted it on all those people. And Wendy King.
And Bob Prince. WRKO, WOR, WNBC, WYNS, 1010 Wins, New York, Murray the K.
KJR, and KOL, that's from SUDs who must know something about it because they used to work up there.
WTOP in Washington, which I pulled out of my ass, and WDRC, which, uh,
I pulled out of his ass. Now easily, but with some difficulty.
So there you go for the pretty interesting list there for you so far.
And I think we can get it up right now.
Although, let's see, Rock Radio's scrapbook.
Oh, this just gives me goosebumps.
There is a Dave Maynard clip on here, which I might get to.
Although I did play Bruce Bradley before it ended up in BZ.
See what I'm trying to impress on you is that radio doesn't have to be the piece of crap that it's turned into.
Thanks to the FCC, thanks to the Grave Robbers, thanks to the people like Chief Channel and the other companies that own 99% of the guy that I'm stations in the world.
It should be great. It should be entertaining. If you have personalities, you should have people that mean something in this business other than opening a pot no matter where you are in the country.
And here in the same goddamn crap.
Lordass Limbo and Dr. Laura and G Gordon Litty makes me giddy.
All of a sudden the crap.
Garbage.
And you know something about the only thing that was like that back then, you know, who is the only one that you can hear like an almost every market?
Paul Harvey. Oh, yeah. Good day.
You have to have to play Paul Harvey.
There you go. How about that?
But other than that, all stations had their own personalities, their own people had meant something.
Let's see, Jeff, I love Jefferson K. He was one of my favorite DJs of all time.
Let's see, while playing top 40 music, WBZ still likes the top 40 present.
Oh, it's, we don't need every line up the WBZ ever had. Is that what this is?
Oh, and it's got pictures. There's Jay Dunn and Ron Landry and Bruce Bradley.
And how about what's his name? He used to work over and I would eliminate St. Larry Glick.
You remember Larry Glick? Yeah.
We've talked about Larry Glick and the only thing that I remember from the inside.
You don't know who he is.
And what do Larry Glick is doing? I think he's working on some 10 Watts stations.
See, that's what happened to a lot of people. A lot of the good people in this business got screwed over bad.
And they had to like scramble to put together like a make-believe living, you know.
And then there were people who weren't any good in the first place who had a scramble like Mr. Ego, for example.
How could you work on a station that was as hot as W. Stoos was in those days, even though we had old geriatric numbers, but we still had big numbers.
How could you work on a station like that and have no numbers, you know.
Unless maybe everybody painted you like poison? There might be it, Steve.
That might have something to do with it.
That's why I was so good when he went over to Lightbulb because those fractions he had over there were, you know, he was used to them.
And they were nice and comfortable. Those 0.7s and 1 shares.
Carl D'Sou is Dave Maynard, Jay Dunn, Bruce Bradley, Jefferson K.
Dick Summer.
Dick Summer, who wrote me a nice note one time. Many years ago, did I ever mention that to you?
No. Dick Summer, in fact Dick was in New York and wrote me a note about how he happened to be in town here, heard the show and what a great talent I was.
Thanks Dick, and I'm still here in this God-per-sac-in-place.
Although the good news is I get out of here most of the year. Get out of this place.
And that is a good deal. I'll tell you what, I'm not going to knock that. I'm not going to bitch and bully you about that.
Being able to do the show from Amsterdam to Toronto and be able to do the same damn thing is great.
In fact, I think some of those days when I was doing the One Hit Wonders from Toronto, those are pretty good shows.
Even though that chronic fact, you know, writes me that caustic fact. No, that was when I was here.
Bitching and bull. Oh, One Hit Wonders. Terminal Pon was you're not going to really do this to us, are you?
Yeah. See if there's a day when I'm doing a show that you don't care for. You're, you get a pass, okay?
Well, right, you are just like in school, like in kindergarten. A dismissal slip, one of those little little slips that says you have, no, they're called dismissal slips. Like a L-pass.
L-passo, L-passo from class O. And we'll let you go do something else. W-A-Q-A-M.
John Butter.
W-A-Q-A-M.
Hey, tell me if you want to take a look at music radio 77.com.
Okay.
That's just about everything from W-A-B-C-B from the time it came on, until the time it went off.
Is Pune Scott Mune on her, I bet?
Yes, he is. Actually, everything is on there, yeah.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, bye.
And what's it then to go who died from AIDS, Bob, Bob Lewis.
Bob Lewis.
Remember, do you remember Bob Lewis?
I remember the name.
You used to do Las Bals or some clothing store in Jersey. That's, he was good. He was good, DJ.
They didn't have any bad DJs except of course for cousin Brucey.
Yeah, you know, in fact, he's the one that calls and does that, you know.
That's really him.
Yeah, I think that's him.
Just like it was Don Johnson, I call Stan Major that time.
Wasn't that him?
Was that Don?
No, wasn't that Don?
I think that was Don.
Stan Major.
Wow.
26 after 11 at 5.60.
I'm not going to push me because I'm not going to tell the episode on the year.
What was I doing?
You were going to try to stir up crap.
You are a crap, this derberl.
Let's face it, man.
Yeah, I just threw up a little crap.
Love Stan.
You do?
Well, didn't he hook us up? That's what he told me.
Hook two up.
Me and you. He's the one that said that, uh, hey, there's this guy that isn't bad when you were up to him.
Larry, glick is retired and lives in Del Ray Beach.
Love you, Larry.
Hope he's having a wonderful life. Good guy.
Excellent guy. He had a fun show overnight on WBZ for years.
For a long time.
Larry Glick.
You don't remember Larry Glick?
No.
26 after 11 at 560 WBZ.
We're trying to revive radio, man.
We're trying to like take some oxygen and pump it into your radio and put some liby.
I know realize this is not the right place to be doing that, but why the hell not?
Why not me?
I'm always the Schmidt to stir, but anyway, trying to stir the pot.
Do I stir it in George's mocks it?
In fact, that's probably why he's burning that incense right now.
It smells really good, you know?
Was Miguel farting while he was in there or where he was?
Oh, you were.
I've been.
You wonder he ran out of there?
I still am.
No, you're just trying to get even with him for his intempered behavior yesterday when he bitched you out.
And said he was some kind of a spicker.
What was he upset about?
Something like that.
Because he never gives us the liners to read at the beginning of the show.
Oh, and I had the nerve to take issue with that.
And not only that, but then he brings an address in here about Glades Row.
And I'm supposed to know it's in Boca.
I don't go to Boca.
Okay.
Why not?
Because somebody lives in Boca.
I don't want to be anywhere.
I don't want to smell that piece, you know?
Get that, get downwind of that thing and man, you can just about pass out.
Is there still anybody out there who's not plunging into VIP sportsbook.com?
Well, why not?
You're really missing out.
You hear a lot of ads these days for all kinds of sports books.
But you better do some research before you hand over your hard-earned cash to some third world or 10th world sportsbook like maybe down in Sweetwater.
Let me help you out.
VIP sportsbook.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdogs.
All of them.
They're a Dutch based.
People that you can trust, those cheap Dutchmen, man, they're not going to give anybody your money.
They hang on to it like it's their last penny.
And one of the first online sports books in the world too, by the way they are.
So if you're going on a roll of a lifetime, you want to be hooked up with the best sportsbook anywhere, VIP sportsbook.com.
And especially now with football season, racing along in a feverish pitch.
So open an account online, get you a 15% cash sign up bonus.
Listen to the Humper in the afternoon.
Isn't today, what's his name day?
Bino day.
Listen to Bino.
Whatever he tells you, plunge the opposite, okay?
And don't forget to get the highest parliads you'll find anywhere up to 2001 at VIP sportsbook.com.
Call them at 1-866-VIP-Bets-B-E-T-S, or do the smart things sign up online and get that 15% cash bonus.
Just hook on, do, log on to, check out VIP sportsbook.com where you are the VIP.
My name is Daniel Lauer.
We're sports radio 5-6-T.
You A-M.
Do my job as well when I'm constipated.
And go there is a party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut.
And go there is a party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut.
I'm her back with dark red.
Mathy Snatch is good, man.
Mathy Snatch is good.
Mathy Snatch is good.
Mathy Snatch is good.
Mathy Snatch is good.
Mathy Snatch is good.
Mathy Snatch is good.
I'm a reading sponsor of the girl who wants to be a media home, and prefers it on top quiver.
You want power? On this lady is what I'll give you
She's got a book to read about Slammering
Nobody knows for about Slammering out
With a big scoop of mouth and a one to the left of Mangala
Such a good Christian girl, you want to strangle her
Fontyfogating who she's hating
Political pundits, pontificating, shrunk on the floor
And masturbating
A Republican's canky hoes
She's a federalist, emote
Making liberalism dirty word, you know
In a many-sturch showing capital
I know and found guilty of murdering extra friends
And go to all work, kicking me
In a many-sturch, that spells fishy
She's a tall drink of water on the side of a large order
With a back alley up, give me like your broad stallor
If you got the money, she'll spread those legs
With the cigarette and the sharp name
And go to their end-culture, political pundit
The angel of the right, everything's easy
Merry Christmas, cards, or thank you notes
Be sure to bundle them, mark for in-zone
Or out of town delivery
This will help your host off a skiff into their destination sooner
Here everybody fun to lose Christmas, okay?
Ladies and gentlemen
I have the honor to reject WMV action
Hello
Not the heart against work, can I train?
Show WMV X-Metion Dollar Weekend
Live it up, baby
If we can, weigh the action in
If we can, stop with your MVH
Hey, we're going with the beat of rubber soul album
My two favorite selections are
Norwegian Wood
Isn't it good?
And Michelle, isn't she swell?
People time again
Oh, she's so cute
You want to talk about the origin?
I think you measured that play the whole thing in the song
You know how you solve that?
You get your real player on there and you would dig it ahead
You know the play thing?
What?
I said, we'll be two more
Okay, Ernie was nice hearing from me, but we don't have time to dig around with that thing
Bad air check
Wu-Wu Ginzberg never heard of him either
Wu-Wu
Adventure car hop
In August, you played stuff by that
Of that
Yeah
I had because we used to stop, we just telling Muff
We used to stop by there on a way to Rock and Am Park from Boston
Drive up US1, it would be Adventure car hop
It was just like in
What was the movie American, Not American Pie, American graffiti
Just like that
The traditional 50s and early 60s driving with the old car, with the real, not old, with the young chicks
The car hops
Right, Camarita to your window
With the big shakes and malts
The real ones
A&W had a few of those
Yeah, like that
But, oh, this was a great place to venture car hop
Then we go up to Rock and Am Park lose whatever money we had left at the track
Here's the fact that it says this may be a stupid question, but how do ratings work
I mean, how do they put the book together all of that?
Well, they pick it out of a hat rhymes with that
Is it kind of a voting system or is it measured in some way?
This is something I've always wondered nobody's explained, thank you
Well, I'll tell you this, they sent out diaries and you write down deer diary
Yeah
Today I listen to this one, today I think I listen to that one
They sent out diaries, they pick them scientifically
Out of the geographical areas of their ass
They only go to responsible people that are very accurate about what they write down
And that especially the darker they are and the, unless they speak English
The more likely they to get to die, the reason they get paid for filling them out too by the way, which is true
And that's it and that's what you got
That's what we have to place our entire livelihoods on
That's why this coming Monday is a day
It is so explosive, you know, people are walking around the hall here
Pretend to be in a jocular mood
But the pressure is momentous
Now, let's see, today's the 17th
The sales people are living for Vegas when?
The 23rd
I think it's the 23rd through the 30th
Well, that's good because that gives them, that means they'll be here Monday is the 21st and the 2nd
Which are the 2 days when we get the actual book and then the 22nd we can usually get that breakdown
And then the 23rd everybody has a breakdown
Including George, who's going to be very upset
I don't know, maybe I can bait you out with a really strong September
Let's hope
And of course the real, the 3 hours that people are really going to be examining here with a microscope
With a very, very fine tooth comb
Are going to be 6 to 9 a.m.
Am I right about that?
Absolutely, correct
I could be wrong, it could just be making that up
I think that between 6 to 9 a.m.
They're going to be really, look at all this stuff
The history of Boston, oh yeah
W-I-L-D in Boston, forget about that
Well, that's not going to go on our list
Yeah, we got the list closed
Is it on there yet? Are there votes coming in?
Is he got it up or what? I don't know
Because I don't want to get off of this thing here
Because then I have to go back and put it on there
I'm going to go through all of that
Open another window
Open another window, just hit your browser again
I don't want to open up another window
Because you don't understand, I've got this site on here
And I've got the real player
On top of it, okay
I mean, I'm fairly relatively for an old fart
I'm doing fairly good with this stuff
But I'm not like some hot shot like Carlos
You know what I'm saying? I'm not like that hot shot
That thinks you know something about computers
Does he really know anything about it or not?
He's bringing all his certificates in
Yeah
Well, what is that?
It's not up there
No, he took a whole bunch of courses
He's all certified with this and with that
Oh yeah, like I said, let's make a trade-out
Send him the fast train
He's supposed to be the wizard
Anyways, we had Arne Ginsburg a little bit of that good stuff
Let me look on our list and see who else we ought to have on here
We had jungle j... I bet you that guy never thought we'd have jungle jane else on there
Even though it was a bad clip from Chum and Toronto
Maybe he was like a little bit down
Because you know back in those days especially
In Toronto was a little more laid back
Well, how's the radio Toronto now?
No, I have no idea
People ask me stuff like that
Like I'm sitting there listening to the radio all day
What do you know? I'm not
The only time I've ever turned on my radio up there was uh
When Joe Bowen in fact I taped it that the Leafs were playing in the playoffs last spring
And I wanted to get him because the CBC is doing the games on TV
And I wanted to get Joe Bowen's call
That was the game that he just about went ape-smit
When they went on overtime against the Arliners
Oh there it is
There is what? The poll is up
And anybody?
I'm going to vote for QAM
Or you haven't uh...
Ah
Well I'm going to do it in here during a break
Because I want to vote for a Keener 13
Nobody would be able to be in or...
Well that's right
Go ahead
Go ahead
See obviously I mean this is the kind of a poll that the Miami Stations are going to have the advantage
Because most of the people we got down here have been here all their lives
Unfortunately we sent along our deep sympathies by the way
Here are the preliminaries
Yes?
WQAM 7
W ABC 6
W K
What?
W
KDKA 3
W on us 2
And then 1H4WFUNWCFL
Where is it?
CKLW
CKLW
WQAM
KFI
W
They all have one
How about Keener 13?
But most have none
28 votes
Well yeah just went up on her
What do you want? Just went up moments ago
See it's a lot easier for me to just
Long music CKLW
Play the card
As opposed to like yank and this thing around again
Let's see and I already mentioned this before Jack Pellvino
And who was the other guy that was on WBF in Rochester
What that was his name?
Tallion guy
Jack Pellvino there's one of Tallion
Nick Nixon
He wasn't the Tallion guy but there was uh
Nick Nixon WBBF the home of the busy bees
Also WHEC mornings with Eddie Meefe for over 30 years
Yeah poor Eddie Meefe you know where Eddie Meefe was from
Cannon dig with New York
Bet you didn't know that
No
What an education it'll show you Ronnyl
Thank you
We learned crap not that it's useful
Where ever gonna really need to know this stuff
But you know you can never know too much right
Right
You can never know too god damn much
Anyway two things I'll tell you he was from
Candidate when the New York he worked on WHEC
Seeing Rochester and he's dead
There you go there's the traffic to for you
Man are you full of good useless information
And not only that but what about tugboid and uh
And Alex Winger at Suffolk Downs
20 till noon at five and uh Bobby Huntress
And B Farmer
In June weller
Hey if you're looking at the mirror
Wonder where the hell out here went did it just like fly away or something
I didn't I fell out
Went in doubt it just falls out because
God works in mysterious ways and he likes to punish most of us guys
With a big ugly bald spot which sometimes comes very early in life
And you don't feel too good about it
You wish you had a nice full head of hair
So the choices yours you can look either like Jerry Wichner in that picture
I shouldn't say that because he's also still dead
But so he doesn't care anymore right
He's probably zoomin right up the old Ho Chi Minh trail right now
Delighted you're mentioning his name
Passing all them general buddies up in the oh that's right they're not up there
But anyway if you want to get your hair back to smart way to do it is with the natural hairline system
For my close personal buddy Chuck Alfie Erie and Ford Lauderdale because
For over for a long time for a coon's age
He's been helping guys look their best. There's nothing that looks better
It looks real like real hair like it's grown out of your scalp
Not like some grotesque horrendous thing
That crawled up onto the top of your head and died
Or like some smelly uh
You know that that thing with that K-meer bouquet
He's got to stop powdering his wigs
Tell him that went out with god damn Tom Payne and Tom Jefferson and George Washington
Tell him that next time you speak to him
Okay
And of course if you mention the Arranges when you call the Alfie Erie Studios
You get $200 off the already low price
So for just a pittance you guys can look better and younger than you ever probably thought you'd look again
And there's no obligation at all
They'll be more in happy to give you a free uh an appointment for a free consultation
They'll sit down your ugly ass and show you just how much better
How sensationly it can make you look
And you got nothing loose but the ball spot because it's completely guaranteed
If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells
If you're not getting laid multiple times today
Return it for a full refund
Make the call today and lose that ugly ball spot
Call 1-800-321-2413-183-21-2413
Or log on to
Well look at that speed
Look at that as soon as I said ball spot the beast walked in
But I hope the coast is clear I hope mulled right here
Charles Alfie Erie.com
So
chair
Chewe
Joey's days are done
Joys days are done.
Bill Marshall is his son.
The show just ain't no fun.
So what does Carey Bruce think Joey is gonna do?
He tried to smile and we can get it.
And now we're crying on his pain.
The ratings are reflected.
No way to read the record.
He got it all across the way.
Yeah.
Joey's got a gun.
Joey's got a gun.
Neil can't help this one.
Maybe you days are done.
What is he gonna do?
Is waitio days are through.
He tried to smile and we can get it.
And now we're crying on his pain.
The ratings are reflected.
No way to read the record.
Does he have a crawl away in shame?
Run away.
Run away from the pain.
Run away.
Run away from the pain.
I am that him right.
W.
Hey.
B.
W.
C.
And 715 at 47 degrees in Buffalo.
This is John Zach reporting for the original Richard Wild Irish Rose.
Cadet Baker Industries, Cadet Baker, New York.
The official KDU weather eye forecast for this hour.
Clear and surely tonight with a low in the mid 30s cooler.
It's got her frost or freeze in some inland areas.
Generally fair and warm in the mouth.
By the way, speaking of Canada, your industry is Canada, New York.
There was a winery.
Probably the biggest industry in town.
And a little time that I went to high school.
And it was owned by Howard Samuel.
So it was a professional candidate.
He was kind of like Bob Coons, the Ellis Ruben.
Always running for governor, running for this.
And his son was named Bill Samuel.
So he was a year behind me in school.
And I should point out he's a real asshole.
Can I say that?
Oh, and look at this.
I screwed up the Joey thing now.
Oh, no.
How did I do that?
Is this going to resume or not, you think?
Oh, no.
I know how to do it.
Just relax.
Just calm down.
Why did I do that?
Because I could stop it.
But now I'm trying to like start it again.
That's going to be bad if we can't get joy on again.
I have my nose up, Meele's ass.
Right.
It's worth it, you know, any of the things is how he or finds the...
W.
Oh, please, you.
Ah!
It's 7.15.
It's 47 degrees in Buffalo.
This is John Zach reporting for...
How many times do you know Rick and O'Ritchard's Wild Irish Rose?
Cadet Lake, where industries, Cadet Lake, where New York.
The official K-B-U weather-ripe pork as for this hour.
Clear and chilly tonight with a low in the mid-30s.
Cooler with scattered frost or freeze in some inland areas.
Denimary fair and warmer tomorrow with a higher on 55.
Westwardy winds five to fifteen miles per hour.
Seventishing to light variable winds tonight.
Becoming subtly 10 to 20 miles per hour tomorrow.
For hour there's 30.09 and steady winds up on the east at four miles an hour.
Humanity 89 percent present temperature 47 degrees.
This has been John Zach reporting.
This edition of Pulse Beat News has been brought to you by...
The original Richard's Wild Irish Rose wine.
Or a complete pictorial report of the day's news watch Channel 7.
Or news when it happens from where it happens is K-B-Pulse Beat News at 15 and 45.
Here's Joey Reynolds.
Hello.
What kind of book would you recommend for a decimal?
A cellar.
Stupid.
You got him, all.
Come on, Joey.
Here's some.
I see in front of my rams in Louison.
Nobody came in.
I'll do 21 after seven.
I went and got the radio.
We're going to do the change over yet.
Danny has to go to the premiere tonight, right?
The premiere of the Great Race.
Is he going with you, Fred?
Great class team.
Danny, there's going to be there tonight.
What time?
Five minutes ago?
That's nice.
All right.
That's where it went.
One time with a new song from Final Joe.
Things for battle with Coca-Cola.
Coca-Cola.
Things for battle with Coke.
Nothing much for a radio to praise.
Who and talker?
Who refreshes you fast?
Say I can do the post right now.
Somebody get in the way.
Who's the battle with?
Final battle with?
Who's the battle with?
Who's the battle with?
Who's the battle with?
Who's the real I want?
The worst sex to find?
Who's the real you?
And everything you do?
Who's the battle with?
Coca-Cola.
Things for battle with?
Freddie Colisein is being unfair in the mayor of KB Country Campaign.
Stan Roberts had a recording announcement.
And according to the rules of the game, according to our memo here,
it says you must make a 30-second speech.
Stan Roberts tried to slip in a minute speech.
Freddie cut it off after half a minute.
Freddie's really off to win, Freddie.
He's got the oldest campaign speech.
Man, you know something he was just as bad then as he is now.
Same material, too.
Good, God.
Stupid.
Yeah.
But anyway, where did you get this?
Did somebody fax this in?
I guess.
Yes.
A photo of Joy from 1960.
Early 60s, that air check was from 65.
It was from a hunger as well.
And man, I've forgotten how fat he was.
He was gigantic.
And he went from one extreme to the other.
Then he became a scrawny.
I mean, really scrawny.
With a lot of loose skin.
Well, when he gets to be that age,
you have a lot of loose skin.
That's what Motorola made this morning.
He said, too loose last skin.
But anyway, this is the photo for February 2000,
a counter used by Buffalo broadcast pioneers.
Oh, they have a website.
Man, there's more goddamn websites.
We could milk this thing for like about five years.
If I was going to be here that long, which I won't.
That sounds good to me.
Here's Bill from Boca says.
I grew up on Miami Beach during the 50s and 60s.
Oh, yeah, I'm glad you reminded me to play chicken.
Now I will, Bill.
Beach, I graduate 67.
Your show today is one of your best.
And you are absolutely correct.
Well, clips from QM and F you want to give me.
Now, stales are overload.
When you say Roby Young, Harvey,
you have to say the big Kahuna.
Well, we used to have to say that when he was alive.
But now that he's dead, it don't make no difference.
I guess we should play that Roby Young thing on the ear, huh?
That's one of my favorites.
Oh, God.
What is it under?
Is it under Roby?
Roby Rants.
Oh, yeah.
No, it's under doomed.
Roby Young doomed.
Oh.
Anyway, when I went to Nautilus Jr. High School, says Bill,
we'd walked past the QM Studio in Arthur Godfrey Road.
After buying the latest comic books of the direct story next door,
Greenlander and the Flash Batman, all for ten cents,
I could have returned already if I didn't throw those comic books out.
So I'll say, Bill, you're right.
Please, please play chicken man.
He says, and we will.
But first.
You people are said,
so damn bad did not know you have to be brought up by that bandit faction.
But if I wanted to buy some time on your station,
I couldn't.
You don't have real people.
That's 75, yeah, for it.
You don't have it on your regular number.
I was asked to be a guest on one of your talk shows,
or I think it's your AM, the WROD.
They won't even call me back to tell me what the name of the show is.
My work on your station in 1964,
I was sort of prominent guy in Miami.
That by time, and I influenced people by time.
If you people can't get it together to be a better radio station,
then if you were at the Honolead station or an UBS station,
I suggest that you take a damn frequency,
which my grandmother's friend Jesse J put on the air in 1926,
that you turn the damn thing off and get out of the business.
You people ought to be ashamed of yourselves.
My name is Robbie Young,
and the telephone number is a motel in Miami.
Room 13.
You people ought to be ashamed.
You shouldn't even be running that facility.
And I used to be the boss of the damn thing in 19...
I ran the damn thing and I was flying around.
You are terrible.
You are terrible.
You have no credit for the radio.
Now, I damn it all to death before I get on the phone.
You get on the phone to me.
You get me to take this back.
I'm a terrible one.
Just as they'll go through.
But it will be because you're doing anyhow.
Little bacteria.
Good luck to you, Robbie,
and that big broadcast booth in the sky.
Well, she's floating right up there somewhere,
or you're into that, in purgatory.
Robbie Young, he'd be the best baby, the big hona.
I can't find chicken man.
It's very depressing, and you want to know why?
Why?
Because it's not something you can type in on the search
and find it on there.
So it was at the bottom of one of the pages,
and since there's only about 45,000 pages on his website,
what I'll have to do is tonight at home,
because I don't have time to do it now.
I'll have to, like, dig a little around and find it,
and the chicken man thing too.
It's worth playing.
But we won't find you having to look for it.
We had that in Kalamazoo.
Oh, that's right.
I won't have a lot of fun looking for it.
We had that in Kalamazoo at WTPS.
Is that on our list?
No.
No.
What's the great station, though?
For a while.
For about five minutes.
Four minutes, till noon here at 560 WTQ.
I'll tell you one thing.
This show is, it's like getting away from us.
It's so fast today.
And you want to know why?
Okay, so the North Koreans, they're working on nukes.
We already knew that.
They still haven't found a guy named Sniper.
This, uh, this, uh, Earnhardt.
He got convicted of murdering his wife.
What else?
President is still, uh,
Malimoran can make him sounds like that.
So you have bushes still talking about bull dikes,
and that's it.
So let's have a little diversion and perversion here,
especially as we await that big moment,
1130 on Monday morning when the book comes out.
Woo!
Baby!
That man!
Just bring a, bring a nose pin.
Put on the end of your nose when those numbers come out.
Could be a real disaster.
Lots of summer book, you know.
That's always a good rationalization.
Hey, pizza loft is going strong in their new location.
In fact, I'm going to have to take my good friend Marcy
from Walgreens, there for lunch to pass a fire her very soon.
Just calm down, Marcy.
I'll get to you, okay, sweetheart?
Just give me a couple of minutes to catch my breath.
But at any rate, it's on knob, hill, and sunrise.
Right behind Walgreens, in fact, Marcy can look out the drive-in window there
at the pharmaceutical thing, and then look right at it.
And she's probably doing that every day,
saying, I wonder when that fat old Jew is going to come by
and take me for my nice, free lunch at pizza loft.
Very soon, Marcy.
Very soon.
And you ought to get by there very soon, too,
because the food is fresh and delicious.
The same quality of come to love, and no one expect as the
original pizza loft stores.
And let me give both numbers out.
If you want to take out delivery catering in the University
driving a daily location right by Steve Amazouc,
that number is 954-916-8880.
954-916-8880 is a matter of fact.
Jeff Cohen is probably one of Steve Amazouc's customers,
too, wouldn't surprise me, because you know him,
he's a real party guy.
And in the new location there in plantation,
you can call 954-382-1999.
382-1999.
We don't want to overlook that daily location.
It's on University, between Griffin and 595, right behind Pier 1 imports
with a crap load of free parking for you, right kitty corner of the
air-men in a low cafe.
And the newest one, like I said, is right on the corner knob, hill, and sunrise,
in the little strip shopping center behind Walgreens.
Fresh, delicious, big portions, cheap prices,
three different kinds of great pizza, the best garlic rolls you ever popped in your
outpuss.
It's the best in the universe, it's the world famous pizza law.
Fly in and local, your sports radio 560's, you a-
you a-
Oh, me, Mr. Boots.
And I've been with him, and I do the dwell the one and hour.
Hi, I'm Joey D, formally of Joey D in the starlight.
I'm also founder of the Rock n Roll restaurant,
where we provide care and treatment for many of the Rock n Roll stars.
You love so much in the past, but whose lives have been destroyed by crooked record companies.
Stars, like Mr. D. Klark over here.
You can plainly see why we need your help.
Over here we have Danny Lupitas, who's staying rhythm for the govones.
Every now and then I try to help them out.
It's okay, Danny.
I will help you.
Please show your support by sending your checks to 442 Glenwood Avenue in Surf City.
Our email address is brunzwick.swan.
For more information, just call Beechwood45789.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
This one's going to have a gap.
It's 1203 at 560 QAM.
But any second, Larry Lujak is going to be on.
Any second.
Larry, on your program since I identified you as the top Rock n Roll DJ.
Do you play the top four top image top?
I understand.
Do you play the top 40 or do you pick your owner as a four mad and four you or how does that work?
No, it's about the top five here every 10 minutes.
No, it's...
Are you just funny on the radio?
Oh, I'm hysterical, best.
John Lennon, the amateur Theologian in his game.
DJR Classic 741.
Be sure you're listening tomorrow for Chuck Bowling's football predictions of the college games going up this weekend.
And hopefully at tomorrow night of my program, I start a new service.
I'm going to start predicting the outcome of the fights after the high school games.
Really, I am.
From the big 89.
Larry Lujak plays more hip music.
To 12, Larry Lujak, a WLS.
So boy gang, it's cow joke time again here at the beginning night.
You know what happens if they cow the drank ink?
She moved in the go.
Gosh, that's funny, I'm laughing so hard.
I'll have to stop for a minute here.
Say symbolic confusion.
The temptation's 2.32 with Larry Lujak, a WLS.
The Chicago's Oscar-Mayer plan is under pressure within one hour.
The Oscar-Mayer people have got to come up with 36,000 winners just to keep Chicago happy.
Because you have elected the Oscar-Mayer All-Meet Weiner number one in Chicago.
Everybody loves this mild yet tasty All-Meet Weiner.
It's number one at Riggly Field number one at Summer Picnic Sky.
It's just a swell Weiner.
It's fun to put it near mouth and bite down on it.
And number one at the tables of Chicago.
Will they make it?
Oscar-Mayer come up with enough All-Meet Weiner to satisfy Chicago?
Yeah, man.
The deadline for having 1971 license plates on is only a little over a month away midnight Monday, February 15.
And if you plan to apply for your place by mail, application should be at the Secretary of State's Office in Springfield no later than January 25th.
Which is only 25.
Take away 11.
That's two weeks gang.
Trying to allow for processing in delivery.
Because I mail them off third class and that takes a little more time.
From the base 89.
A Larry Lujak Morning Show.
W-A-L-S-E-C-C-D-O
In a completely unrescited move, I have actually showed up for work on time today, leaving the entire audience stunned that a man is in gasping for breath.
505, the Whitney City at WLS.
It's called top 40, but at most major market stations anymore, it's not actually 40 records.
They've cut the playlist back. It's pretty tight. It's usually about 25, 26 records with some oldies sprinkled in.
But it's no longer a most top 40 stations are the way it originally started.
The top 40 stations played the top 40 records.
But most stations anymore have cut it back to about 20, 20 records.
Is that frustrating for you? I mean sometimes you like to play something that you like?
Yeah, well I'd like to get on and play nothing but whale and gennings and Mural Haggard.
But, uh, ain't much money to play in whale and gennings and I'm angry.
So, I play rock and roll.
It's a writer and a detour to me.
Sambo with a blues brass arm.
I think it does his noise. He's smiling.
And good call, he missed life.
Taylor, Jay Progras, a well-or-gave habit, isn't he? Xamineer.
You cannot call rock music, kid music anymore. It's not just kid music. Still kids like it.
But, uh, a girl who was a 15-year-old high school sophomore, when Elvis came along with Heartbreak Hotel,
is now 35 years old and a lot of them still like it.
They like them loud guitars or mopping them floors.
It's what you were brought up with.
Yeah, I mean everybody gets to be 35.
I'm only 23 myself. You just live hard, hard life.
Elvis and Larry Lujac in Chicago, 515, a WLS.
We stay together.
Okay, we can do that without Tom Snyder.
Great talent, Larry Lujac, a real asshole personally, but it goes to show it's just a radio show, sing.
Just a radio show. You never really know.
Well, we got a great list. How's that thing coming by the way?
I guess I could click over and take a look for myself, which I will.
I'll see 28 for WDQM. Well, that's an old brainer, okay?
Because we got a lot of these soft photo people who lived here their whole lives.
They think that's the best top 40 AM station that was ever on the air.
And of course, like George, he thinks that was it.
Catch me out. WABC 13, that's because of all in New Yorkers.
Look at that WFU Wednesday.
WLS, which we just had Larry Lujac on air is got a WAP.
Oh, I need to remind me. I can do it tomorrow.
But I better do it today. The grease man.
Oh, yeah, on the big 8.
Just mentioned Steve Nicola a couple times. We'll take a Jacksonville and Nicola bags.
WAPE is got five WMCA. He's got five KDK AB having five.
Whoa, whoa, he's got three WBZ three.
It's just we're just getting this thing going.
In fact, well, we'll see how long we want to leave this thing on here, you know?
Because we're going to do this again tomorrow.
Oh, not again, yeah.
Now, the other one here, hypothesizing on Sienna is the sniper connected with Al-Qaeda.
And I listened to about 30 seconds of the Wolf-Litzkrieg wrap on that.
And the answer is they haven't got a freaking idea.
They haven't got any idea who it is.
Not until they get them and question them with a what towel over his head.
Exactly. Well, maybe he's already got a towel over his head, but I don't know if it's wet or not.
Nine minutes after noon at 5.60 WDQAM.
Don't let me forget grease man. I think we'll do that next.
WAPE the big 8.
Or the great 8. You know, there's never been a better time to buy yourself a new home or refinancy resisting home then right now as I speak.
How about this? How about a rate of only 3.95 percent?
That's right. Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95 percent.
All you got to do is pick up that phone and call financial group and find out about it at 1-800-940-LND.
That's 1-800-9405363.
The money you're going to save is amazing.
Think about it. You can get yourself a hundred thousand out of loan for only $450 a month or a 200-000-dollar loan for only $950 a month.
The process is very easy and you're going to save yourself thousands of dollars each year.
So call our friends and financial group at that toll free number 1-800-940-LND.
There's never been a better time to get you at low interest rate than right now.
Call financial group. You'll be on your way to big savings.
If they're an equal housing lender, credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change if you wait too long.
So call them toll free today 1-800-940-LND.
That's 1-800-9405363.
That's 1-800-9405363.
This is 420-560.
You're way too late.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Yes, Mom?
Are you having that not so fresh feeling?
How'd you know?
Mom's know these things.
Hello?
It's you.
Mom, who's that?
It's Delegrease, Mom.
What's she doing?
I got a scream.
Not so fresh feeling.
I can't breathe.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Mom.
What's she doing?
Make her stop.
Mom, I just made a wish.
Get this in that.
Oh, Mom.
Have I?
Yes, Kathy.
You've been duched by an angel.
Oh, Mom.
Oh, Kathy.
Oh, Stella.
Turn in next week and find out what happens when Delegrease meets Mr. Team from the 18.
What?
You want to stick in, Mom?
All next week on CIVIAC.
Okay, now do you think this thing is going to pop up on it or not?
That's a look.
Because I think I just screwed it up.
Anyways, 12, 14, and 5, 60, W and Q.M.
I think I just screwed it up, George.
Oh.
Uh-oh.
I guess I better go back to that again.
I hate this thing, yeah?
When it works, it's great and when it doesn't work.
Oh, there it is.
The grease man, W-A-P-E Jacksonville.
And I clicked it and says, stop your player and then go back to your browser and select a new exhibit.
What does that mean?
What the hell does that mean?
Is the beast not going to get on the scale of the air?
What are you getting on the scale?
Or are you just, no, why not?
Oh, I think I know why.
Oh, tomorrow, yeah, he's probably in there and he stands in.
He's puking.
He's got a picture of Molleys looking at.
Probably to inspire his puking.
This is not for me.
Oh my god.
Look at that.
That's, that's terrible.
It's a picture of Molleys and his head is chopped off at the piece.
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
Let's cut him off at the pass.
Well, somebody cut him off at the piece.
It's the before picture.
Oh, brother.
Well, let's see.
Stop your player.
Okay.
Stop your player.
Excuse me for doing this, but I just, I got no choice.
Stop your player.
There you go.
Stop it and go back and take four steps back and then try it again.
The grease man.
Okay.
You think this is going to work now or not?
No.
How do you know?
I don't know.
I'm just guessing.
Well, there it is.
It's, it's, uh, look at it.
It's, uh, it's, uh, the old, uh, there you go.
It's clicking.
It's working.
It's moving.
It's sticking about it.
It's stuck.
It's stuck.
Okay.
You ready?
Everybody knows this, um, let's sing the Miami version.
We've heard this on three versions of the entire.
Let's sing the Miami version.
Shaking the θ, taking the θ, live, live, live.
Shaking the highway, shaking the θ, taking the θ, live, live.
Shaking the light with a guy on the hood.
Shaking the θ, taking the θ, live, live.
Shaking the light, I try to laugh.
Shaking the light, I try to laugh.
One is two minutes before seven hits,
and the big A, but the grease man, I guess I'll a little Loki.
I guess I'm a little hung.
No, wait a little while and fall.
I spent too much time this weekend at the risk of.
Yeah, I walked into the door and my skin tight sat in pants
and my shirt over the waist were going to cope with you
as a mess of chess here, a new rid of egg like with aliens.
With air that I saw at Oriental Girl, I walked up to her,
I said, hey, you know what, it is true that it's a...
It's a sad way.
She said, oh no, not sideways, Honorable White Man.
Not sideways, I said, okay, shoot yourself.
But later on, I saw her go up to the top flight and slide down the banister
and I heard a noise and sounded like this.
Oh my god.
Michael Jackson!
No!
No!
Don't pick up the stove!
Right now, 73, Jacksonville's big age.
Oh no!
Oh no! Double whammy!
Not only did I start on the wrong speed, I got on the wrong side of the record.
I am nothing, I am poop, I am do-noo!
I am nothing, I am poop, I am poop, poop!
Yeah, let me flexulate myself.
I deserve a beer.
This is difficult to do, but because I am that kind of guy, I'll do it.
Oh my god!
Oh my god!
Oh my god!
Okay!
Back to the hill.
Chal!
Hey buddy, put your lips in that bang.
Three minutes after the six of the big A-Voo, you ready to take a little trip by your fact?
Well, you don't need much, you don't need you to go to the other end because where we're going, it's okay to stink.
Cool!
I must be coming here, huh?
Chicken Man, we got. Thanks, Fat Boy.
Fat Boy is just wheeling all over the building.
It must have been a joy Reynolds thing that inspired him so much, you know what?
I got it, I'm clicking it, it's not doing anything yet, but it will, okay?
Just like Father or Tool of that whole, you know, it will, Billy, it will.
I don't see a doing nothing now.
I'm clicking play.
Oh, you want to know why I didn't stop the other one?
Did I stop the other one?
The grease man, I stopped him.
Get out of here, grease man.
Well, we'll see, if it comes up, it'll come up and I'll just shut up.
If not, good luck to work.
Now, another exciting episode in the life of the most fantastic crime fighter the world has ever known.
The most fun fun!
Fence and Harper employed as a shoe salesman for a large downtown department store.
Fence's weekends is only two days off, striking terror into the hearts of criminals everywhere as the white winged warrior called Chicken Man.
How did it come about that Fence and Harper weekend winged warrior selected the visage of the chicken in his crusade against the forces of evil?
Mal, it can be told.
Yes, ma'am, I help you.
How do you do? I'm looking for a costume.
Oh, what did you have in mind?
Something that will strike terror into the hearts of criminals everywhere.
I see. Well, how about this?
No, I don't think so.
Why not try it on?
Very well.
Here, I'll help you.
Thank you.
There you are.
Take a look at the mirror.
Not bad.
I wonder if you would permit me to conduct a quick experiment outside this store.
Certainly.
Pardon me, sir.
Yeah?
Are you by chance a vicious criminal?
Fine.
Would you take a look at this cost you by worrying?
Yeah.
Do you feel anything strange?
Anything at all.
Oh, yeah.
And what is that?
I'd like to kiss you.
Kiss me?
Yeah.
I'll be with Com for that.
Because you look like an adorable bunny rabbit.
Well, how did it go?
What else do you have?
Teddy bear and a chicken.
A teddy bear?
It'd be cute.
Wrap up the chicken, please.
The listening tomorrow for another exciting episode in the life of the most fantastic
flying fighter the world has ever known.
The most fun fun!
Chicken!
The most fun!
Yeah.
I see that one was kind of weak because it was the first one.
This was a series.
It was a serial thing.
You know, like a thing.
It was a syndicated thing like A, C, N, and A, C, and all these others.
And stations, rock stations.
We had it in a Kalamazoo.
We had chicken man.
We had to be there.
560, 7.0560, 0.560, 0.60 on the 18 and T in the Verizon line.
You know, we could still add other stations to it.
Probably unlikely because they're going to get all bent out of shape.
And once he starts getting ready up, said he starts really eating heavy duty.
You know?
Well, I do have to.
I do want to put this on here.
Well, here's a moosey man.
The result of that session.
They have a press conference every day to tell the public that we know nothing.
And that they're discounted the description of the van by the one witness.
We don't believe them now.
So every day they come out and tell us they know less than we thought they knew before.
And I will keep you telling them we need some privacy and we need to be left alone
and don't be button in here and interfering with our investigation, even though we know nothing.
So the moosey man is on the loose.
On a report on that.
Yeah.
Anyway, one week before Governor Jeff Bush signed a controversial bill in April that made it harder for local communities to be moved billboards.
The founder of one of Florida's biggest billboard companies gave $25,000 to the Republican Party of Florida.
Oh!
The money came in two personal checks from Carl Ellor of Phoenix a long time contributed to Republican candidates.
And the founder of Ellor Media.
Ellor sold the company its vast billboard in Venturi 2.
Clear channel communications for $1.2 billion in 1997 and served as chairman and CEO of the company's OptiRatvising Unit to last year.
Ellor's gifts of 20 grand of the state's EOP and 5 grand of the party's federal account are both listed by the party's having received March 28th.
That date fell midway between a two week period after the legislature passed the bill and before Bush be signing it.
To one leading critic of the billboard industry it doesn't look like a coincidence.
A major player in the OptiRatvising Industry was taken a distinct interest in Florida politics said Bill Britton, a Jacksonville lawyer and chairman of Citizens for Scenic Florida, which has been battling the industry on various fronts.
All I know is its horrible public policy said it's horrible is what he said.
Just a coincidence, Annett?
No.
No.
WQAN?
Yes sir.
I just want to tell you that that chicken man that you played.
Yeah.
Rick Shaw used to play it back in the 60s.
I know you just said it was a syndicated thing.
Right.
And he used to play it also on the OQAM.
And also there's a, just want to tell you there's a website.
It's called Real Radio, R-E-E-L.
No.
Radio, one word.
Well where do you think I'm playing all this stuff from?
Oh, that one is from?
Yeah.
Oh, I didn't know that.
That's okay.
Don't feel bad.
All right.
I just didn't know if you know.
Just don't do it again.
That's a cool site because, okay.
I promise.
Thanks.
All right.
I actually had some faxes on it and I realized you can't listen right from the beginning so they don't know where I'm getting all of the stuff.
It's from the website RealRadio.com.
R-E-E-L, RealRadio.com.
So, you know, if we only do this for like four or five hundred days, there'll probably be a lot of other stuff on there.
We don't have time to play.
In addition to which all of these things, every one of these clips was not a lot longer than what I'm playing, you know.
If I wanted to just be take the lazy way out.
Like this one, for example, goes on for 26 and a half minutes.
Are you ready for that?
Well, I don't think I clicked it right.
I'm trying to click it and it just don't seem to want to do anything.
The Dave Mickey show, C-K-E-Y and Toronto.
C-K-E-Y, it seems to be.
I'm going to play a trumpet.
It's like five eight eight in the ball.
It feels like I'm from Steve and Bobby and Barley and Vorzell.
And I was supposed to say hello to a quirky buck up there.
That's like golden.
A quirky buck as in a quirky thing of a chick there.
And I have a dog named Porkey.
Heads above that time.
It's what he means for that.
Hi.
Porkey, Gordon.
We'll be number two.
Barba lets the solo doll sound on five, baby.
Here.
C-K-E-Y, into Toronto.
Yeah.
Hey, I like this style, man. This is all a gold. I'm the only big show at the time. I'm still 11 live at this show.
Here's the big shot with the bottle X set out of the basket.
V-1, 4-5, 7, 8 times.
You can't have this dance with me. You can't be just a part of it. You can't have the dance with me.
That means what? 4-5, 7-8 times. It's all a gold. All of us are gold. That's 2 at the night time. All the living show right to you.
I'm fine. Me, you know what I want.
Exactly. That's exactly right. Whatever that song was, he made the earthy end. They're all on speed, baby.
Wow. Man. Between the reverb and the hysteria. No wonder everybody was all whipped up and jammed up and jelly tight.
Whatever that song was. Who did that? Jam up and Dilly. What is it? Total. Dilly tight.
You didn't hear the grease man because somebody was bugging you about something else, but he was doing about talking about the gauyme and stuff.
It was great. Did you hear that? Yes. Sensationally. Something about Kiss my Tuchas. And he actually said it like that.
26th afternoon at 5.60 WQAM. Let me tell you about an easy thing. A piece of cake. Shopping for a new mattress. Just make one easy call. Reach over. Pick up your instrument right now. Stick your finger on it and call 1-800-Matrus.
There will be no time at all. Delivering right to your door. One of the greatest mattresses is probably the best one you've ever had.
Name brands were talking about the best in the world. Serta, Celi Simmons, King Coyle. And your bed is so damn important for you.
Just think of all the things you do on your bed, for example. Besides sleeping. And as far as the sleeping part is concerned, if your back isn't feeling right, you're not feeling right and you've got a problem.
And probably a good part of that problem is a crappy old Worn Out mattress.
So get a great mattress today by making that one easy call. 1-800-Matrus. Like I always do. You pick that in the 2-R-Winter 4 delivery. 7 days a week when it's convenient for you.
Like between noon and 2, 1-3, 2-4, 3-17-5-17, etc. And you get that 30-day in-home comfort guarantee. So you can test it out the smart way. Not like Frado, but the smart way.
By sleeping on it and doing your thing on it for up to a month. So call them right now. They'll be there and knock it on your door like I said in no time at all.
1-800-Matrus. 1-800-Matrus. Let's do the thing about Miguel in the spot too about how he's screwing his brains on it.
1-800-MATTRES. Or check them out on the web if you like it.
1-800-MATTRES.com
1-800-MATTRES.com
1-800-MATTRES.com
1-800-MATTRES.com
1-800-MATTRES.com
1-800-MATTRES.com
1-800-MATTRES.com
1-800-MATTRES.com
1-800-MATTRES.com
1-800-MATTRES.com
1-800-MATTRES.com
1-800-MATTRES.com
1-800-MATTRES.com
1-800-MATTRES.com
1-800-MATTRES.com
1-800-MATTRES.com
1-800-MATTRES.com
1-800-MATTRES.com
1-800-MATTRES.com
1-800-MATTRES.com
1-800-MATTRES.com
1-800-MATTRES.com
1-800-MATTRES.com
1-800-MATTRES.com
1-800-MATTRES.com
1-800-MATTRES.com.
1-800-MATTRES.com
Lt.ここ Outdoor
slвон Hello my man this is
Jim familiar with ONE
Thursday and that's very exciting.
Hard to do.
It's wonderful.
Never you hear.
Not today on Monday, right?
We're hearing.
We're hearing.
We're hearing.
We're hearing.
You can smell.
You can be.
I was at risk but I'm new.
You smile again.
Now we're true.
Well, 15, don't be cute.
Have a clue for you in the big car clue thing.
A couple of minutes right here.
Jimmy Gellard.
Maybe you should be on the track.
There you go.
Jimmy Gellard, the Fireballs, and a thing called Sugar Shack.
One of the great big ones exclusively heard.
First right here on.
Wind and snow.
WQA.
Stand there.
Okay, the minute or so here stand by because I'm ready to give you a big clue
on the car thing.
The first thing I want to remind you that the day county agricultural department invites you to invite you to visit our offices.
Are you going to visit the office?
The day county agricultural office.
I am the day county agricultural office.
Oh, I see.
Well, then you'll likely to tell the folks out there and ready a lad.
Listen, tomato flights left through properly and a condition.
We're hearing tell them about them planet panchants.
What's going to happen if you put them in a hot house?
Well, you're going to wilt.
Well, yeah.
I imagine.
That's what I thought you'd say.
Be sure to wait until the weather turns a little cooler.
Well, we're planning to make those friends.
Oh, yeah.
But, lighting says WQA here is with the crisis under the fall.
WQA.
Come on, come on.
Look at my going places.
Okay, here goes a clue as to where car number three.
Did you hear that?
The reverb went in like you picked up there.
It says on here.
It says both FU and QM had what they call accent reverb and the jack pushed a button to kick it into loud.
Which he just did right there.
So there was a lot of old devices like in broom closets and carriages.
Yeah.
So there was a button on the board and when he wanted to give the assent to one of them and have a really heavy duty reverb like we just heard there.
He did it.
By the way, love the show.
It's Tommy Rowe says some facts right there.
Tommy Rowe jam up and jolly tight.
Thank you very much.
Love the show.
Tommy Rowe rhymes with Mo.
5 6 7 0 5 6 8.
You mean to say it's 25 to 1 already and that was really match.
Rudge.
Good.
God.
WQA.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Get a chance to talk to Neil.
You're speaking to him, sir.
Oh, Neil Roger.
Yes, it is.
You remember that from Mr.
Custer.
Yeah, please, Mr. Custer.
By Larry Vaughn.
Right.
Larry Vaughn.
What about one column, Mr. Bush?
Please, Mr. Boy.
Yeah, it's a good idea.
We'll pass on to Boca-Brown, OK?
Yeah, there I go.
Still with a rocket in mind, but with a rocket in your butt.
OK, thank you.
He said, Mr. Boy, go over there with a rocket in your butt or something like that.
And that what he said.
I think.
Mr. Robert, please, Mr. Custer.
By Larry Vaughn.
Of course I'll horrible record.
Man, it was one of the worst records ever made.
So I think we got every station.
Let's see how that thing is coming.
I know that this station is going to win.
People are going to say, well, he put that on there.
So QA, I would look good.
What's the kind of deal with what we're doing now?
Nothing.
No, an admission which I, if I were to vote it, which I couldn't vote at home.
I would have voted for Keener and Detroit, WKNR.
And obviously, like I told you, we don't have any Midwestern people out there.
What is it got?
One vote?
One vote.
WKNR, Detroit.
I mean, that's scandalous.
That is scandalous.
What about WSYZ?
WCFL's only got one?
WLW.
I think he's going to do, where did that come from?
That's incensanity.
But where did they come from?
I think he's playing fast and loose with us here and sticking some of them.
I mean, it's fine, Eric, it's a great station or at least he used to be.
But, he's got his own damn thing going on over there.
Okay, five or more.
Greatest top 40am radio station ever.
WMC in New York five.
Sorry, just changed again.
C-K-L-W-W-A-P-E to big 8-5.
WNBC 6, KDKA 6, WFU8, WLS 14, WABC 18, and WQAM 46.
Oh!
God are we doing it, huh?
So on Monday, if the numbers come out really crappy, I'll just whip this thing out and
say, hey, look at this, they still love us, you know?
They think we're the best.
Release used to be about 40 years ago anyway.
Don't forget, join Joe Costello and my, what is it?
See, why do they say that way?
I don't want to start picking on Miguel again, he writes great promos.
He'll start bitching you out again.
I know.
It's just strange the way it's written.
Join Joe Costello and Mike's hard lemonade.
Is Mike going to be there?
Personally.
Is he going to be hard?
Hardening the lemonade.
Join Joe Costello and Mike's hard lemonade this afternoon, 4 to 6 in publics at 1305 University
Driving Coral Springs.
Stop by to win prizes and register to win a pair of really great tickets to the homes
that Miami Speedway in November.
That sounds like a Joey Seat thing that last part.
Sounds like an incestuous Speedway thing, you know?
Because he's obsessed with that crap.
22 to 1, we got the mad dog at 1 o'clock.
Hank has got a full four hours today.
Wow, man.
He must be in leadies and Cheerios and the brand muffins.
And then speaking of brand muffins, he's got between 5 and 6, Bino as part of the show
today between 3 and 7.
The big, well, I'm going to be out of the game 7 and 10 because we have nobody else who
will work that cheap.
And then you got the Citcoe Panther preview 8 to 830.
And of course if Brian Murray were still a GM, how would he say Citcoe?
And then you got Florida Panthers at the Black Cawks 830 following the hockey game at
8K and doing Mark overnight.
Yeah, it goes.
Don't be doing that now.
Don't be doing a Brian Murray on there.
You got the problems already.
Moe's got a snitch on you if you do that.
Especially after those comments you made today about his rug.
I made some new comments about dry concepts couldn't clean his room.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Something like that.
That's what they do.
21 to 1 at 560 WQM.
Does this sound like you perhaps overworked and underpaid, stuck in a really horrendous
crappy, useless, dead end job underappreciated?
I bet you a lot of you feel that way.
Like all of us here feel underappreciated.
Even those of us who are making a few bucks underappreciated.
Do yourself a favor pick up the phone to call our good pizons at Fast Train.
Tool free 1-866 Fast Train.
The demand for certified computer professionals has never been bigger than it is right now.
And Fast Train can help you achieve a new career in his little as a short of time as four
easy months.
That's right.
Fast Train is South Florida's largest certified Microsoft training center with locations all
over town.
They're in Miami.
They're in Fort Lauderdale, they're in Pemberpines and now they're in Kendall.
Fast Train offers you convenient day, evening, weekend classes.
They've got a full time job placement department with over 30 years experience.
So if you really are overworked or underpaid and underappreciated, stuck in a dead end job
or all of these things, don't wait one more minute.
Pick up the phone to call Fast Train.
There's no obligation.
866 Fast Train.
Stop and think about it.
And just for sure a month you can be on your way to becoming a high paid computer
professional and career with greater any potential and a big fat paycheck every day.
Take my advice call Fast Train today, toll free 1-866 Fast Train.
That's 1-866 Fast Train or check them on the web at fasttrain.com.
5-6-5-60.
The radio's on your side.
You win.
There's a butt.
I smell it.
Uncle Billy, when I get older, will you marry me?
Oh, I am.
I won't be getting married again.
Besides, I don't think I can keep up with you.
But Mama says that's why you drink for sure.
Your Mama gives me that so I have enough energy to keep it up.
I mean, keep up with her.
Keep what up.
You'll learn about that a little later.
Right now, I need to can it for sure because your Mama is bringing home a girlfriend
and we're going to sail the old skin boat to beaver coals.
Where's beaver coals?
For sure.
Raises more than just energy.
Yeah.
Oh, and that thing came up again.
Damn it.
Oh, no.
Server alert.
Oh, you're playing that.
Yeah.
I never even know if it's going to come.
Let me try one more time.
It's a fill in.
I thought you got a new accountant.
I don't want to play that thing.
Lee Allen, WSYZ.
Well, I'll be gosh dang, man.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
Pound 5-60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
16 to 1 o'clock already.
I feel like I just sat my fat ass down here, you know what?
W-D-Q-A-M.
Yes.
Stick fine rig over the racetrack.
Hi, Dick.
How you doing?
Good.
We're on the ear, Dick.
I think I know the guy at WBBS.
Jo Dean.
Leon Marguerite.
No.
Jo Dean.
Jerry Fogel?
Jerry Fogel was on him.
Jo Dean, Nick Nixon.
Also.
Yes?
My mother dated Howard Samuels.
Oh, no.
Presumably before she married my father.
Did he give her a big bag of money?
Well, you know, the details are kind of hazy.
I was very young at the time.
I don't think I was born.
Yeah.
All I can tell you is I went to school with this kid Bill Samuels.
It was a good looking kid.
He was a year behind me in school and a real idiot, a jerk.
Well, I know Howard certainly made his name well known.
Yeah, he sure did.
And hey, thanks for the WKBW stuff.
I was a big fan of Danny Nevers.
Yeah.
He was all over chicken man too.
And don't forget Max Robinson.
Oh, and there.
And June Weller.
You know, you almost killed me.
I was on 95.
Yeah.
And I hear B. Farber, Bobby Huntress and June Weller,
I had to swerve to avoid easier.
Yeah.
Hey, listen, you might as well stop and give him at least
to wash him down a little bit too.
He's probably got a lot mud on him.
You know, he's buried in the infield at Bay Meadows,
outside of San Francisco.
I saw him set the track record at Northfield Downs,
or at least where he used to be at the track record.
He was the hell of a horse.
Well, with June Weller's maiden name before she married J. Weller.
Dillard.
That's right.
You Dillman.
Dillman, right?
Well, I was close.
Red Argon.
How do you like that?
I'm on top of it, man.
You see, you got to go a long way to catch me.
Then I'll start throwing some of those Detroit names at you.
You won't have any idea who I'm talking about.
Well, it could be.
What about, I thought you were coming out last night.
I'm coming out this weekend.
Okay, I've got a homecoming gift for you.
Really?
Yes.
I hope it's a big bag of money to make up for last season.
Are you a weller?
It's a big bag of something.
Probably Walling Hennessy left it for me.
I can imagine what would be in that sack.
See you this weekend, Dick.
Okay, thanks, bye-bye.
How do you like that?
Dick Feinberg from Poppano Park,
where we're doing a Wednesday Friday and Saturday.
Let's give him a free plug.
What do you say?
Should we give him a free plug?
No.
Okay.
Well, why not?
They've been treating me great for like 26 years now.
They feed me real good and the fat man too.
How is fat rich doing by the way?
How do you rescue that?
I don't know.
I heard he's practicing because he's been doing
because Jay Feeder got injured.
I heard he was practicing with the old pigskin.
He was working on a football.
Tossing it around.
That's what I heard could be wrong.
I don't know.
I haven't.
I hopefully he'll be able to make it this weekend.
Am I good friend, Derek, which I see V8 one last night, Derek?
Where were you on the phone, Derek?
Oh, I think he's out of town.
Too bad Walling Hennessy didn't call me up and tell me,
hey, you better come out and bet a couple of hundred and nine,
Neil, because V8's going to win tonight.
Come on, Walling.
Get with it.
You hard ass.
How's it going, A Walling?
Don't forget to pant his etch Chicago.
It's been a Walling Hennessy big hockey fan course.
We don't have a hockey team here anymore, but anybody cares anyway.
And you want to know why?
Because his mouth would say hockey sucks.
And that what he says?
Something like that.
Something like that.
Although I never heard him say it.
Why not?
You don't listen to that.
You're just thinking.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on a 18 and T.
We got a whole bunch more of this stuff tomorrow.
And I'll check out a couple of these other websites too.
Don't forget to give me those pictures back.
I'll give you the internet.
Oh, okay.
Those reunion pictures.
Yes indeed.
They're filed.
They're filed?
I bet they're filed in the circular file.
That's on our freighter.
I defiled them.
I want to show those to Ma and see what you're...
Who's that?
Who the hell?
She's lucky.
She's going to remember her own name, okay?
At her age and I don't blame her.
12 minutes till 1 at 5.60 W-Q-A-M.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I'm pretty good.
I'd like to speak to Neil.
You're speaking to him.
I am.
Yes, sounds like me.
Oh, Neil, what's up?
Oh, I'm kind of shocked.
You're just somebody else here too.
No, not anymore.
He's to underpaid to be answering phones.
Oh, okay.
Listen, want to ask you a question.
Yes, sir.
How far do you think that Panthers are going to go this year?
From about here to the wall.
From here to the wall.
They suck.
What did you just say?
I don't have any idea what he said.
I don't know my brain shut off when he said Panthers.
Right, exactly.
I mean, while we're talking about Panthers now,
I mean, they screwed you people and you keep showing up.
You just don't get it.
They screwed you big time.
Oh, and by the way, Pavel Burry, it seems to me in his first big game back after his knee surgery
and then he had a strep throat or whatever.
First game back against the leaves and of course Trevor Kidd couldn't stop a bowling ball.
Two goals and an assist against the Kitter.
And isn't a Trevor Kidd that was open in a big mouth last year about Pavel is he's bad
in the dressing room and he's divisive and he's lazy.
Yeah, right, Trevor.
You couldn't stop a goddamn walrus from 100 miles away.
Okay, Trevor?
The human sieve.
Give me a break.
What did I tell you about him?
Big trouble maker, big mouth, but the leaf organization.
They don't ask me about all these stiffs.
Anders Erickson, Tom Fitzgerald, who used to be good 100 years ago,
who's now making bag passes that lead to breakaway goals by Matthew Barnaby of all people, Matt DeRat.
I mean, what are we talking about here, huh?
See, a Dick Fimer got me starting all this hockey stuff with all of them harness racing names.
Tug Void, Alex Winger, Bucky Day.
Bucky Day, great Bucky Day, baby.
Mike Zafdick.
That's gonna be our pull question tomorrow.
Is Mike Zafdick?
Zafdick?
That's the pull question, man.
I love that thing where the eight man was talking about the Tuckus and the Goyam.
That was beautiful.
And here I thought I was the only one that didn't get a shone here.
And he's up there in Jacksonville at the time.
How do you like that?
I'll hit that one over with it.
He wasn't just talking to you to Goyam.
He was talking to you to red necks.
No, we got a few.
10 before 1 at 560 WQA, we all have different lifestyles, folks, therefore need different products for our health.
Olding and Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations.
A pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with vitamins and minerals and aerobols.
And all kinds of other good nutrients, scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition, solutions to help you support specific health needs.
Look for olio meds, three brand new formulas they have one to help you sleep, one to help manage your weight, and of course that great Coenzyme Q10.
I'll be using the benefits of the best olive oil on a planet.
Olio med is an outstanding product that's available at the publics, at Eckert, at Walgreens.
For more information you can call olio med tool 3-1-866-olio med.
That's 1-866-6536-633.
And don't forget you can also order all of their products.
Get more info as well on their website, oliomedamerica.com.
And if you visit your nearest publics and buy an olio med product in Broward or Dead Counties, you'll get you a coupon for a free Larry Coker Bobblehead doll while supplies last, whoopie do.
Don't forget to visit their sampling provider in its sports town every Sunday, when the lawfuls are playing home games, pick up free olio med samples and product information too.
Pop some in your push today.
We're Sports Radio 5CC, UAM.
Have a penis. I've never had one. I swear.
A round ol' leather, round ol' leather, different movie.
With your fucking yellow teeth so far apart,
Gondolite's a round ol' leather, what you be doing.
Get the old fascist like that token, schmutz the dog.
Is you dead cause you a hatton, bootly, bleeped, gold?
Is you the black day and some mammere, who be smart?
Does they like how you shine their shoes under leather?
Oh, the way you watch and talk the whitetail is cause.
Georgia Junior say he trust you, can't believe you.
Who's there to highlight on the greedy oil wall?
But then he make you clean all the White House bathrooms.
The cup of seems the toilet and then scrub the floor.
They tell you don't wear sandals, gondolite's a round.
Your cold chip don't help make them warm or wretch and you.
Your knuckle-a-layer look just like it'd be velcro.
It's your feet what you'd be let tokens do.
One day while you be flippin' fat cake, you may realize
That they're treating you just like you're as the roll.
That's when your head will move from side to side, from the lever.
It's a bush and from here they be cracked from asshole.
We're gonna have flight delayed in a Boston, Logan International.
I got a Delta jet there sittin' on the thing on a runway.
Security check. You see that?
Ten issues somebody heard beeping and they said they found some tennis shoes.
Interest some beeping going on.
Oh, I can tell you.
Oh, my head's on there!
Oh no! See if did that again.
Well, it's good. We don't have time for Lee Allen anyway.
WSYZ was a great station at Dave Prince and Lee Allen and Joel Sebastian.
And once upon a time, Joy was there too, which proves nothing is perfect.
It says Pemberpine's porkers read it again.
This time Westbound on Tam Street just before Flamingo Road hiding in the bushes at the Pillbox Plaza.
The speed limit is 30 or 35, but by the time you realize you're overlimited by 10 or 12 miles an hour,
as you come around the bend and then you're screwed.
They've got so many cars pulled over. Looks like a gathering on the lawn.
The other place these assholes are doing is on the west side of Flamingo Road as you come southbound from the road.
