me that are, you know, half-couldering and, uh, and I just don't like to hear someone say,
pissed off on my way to work. Pissed off gets me fired up when I hear someone say that,
and I don't think it's appropriate. You know, if you're going to have to enance a little program
in the middle of your day, leave it there. To make the other program, it's, it's, it's
demeaned us in it, and it really invokes my intelligence and, you know, if that's not clear,
I don't know what is, I'll talk to you later.
It puts the notion in the basket. Yeah.
Thanksgiving's here again. It seems like yesterday that we were at it.
Martha's followed Jolly Holiday.
Yeah.
Forget it.
The way he packed that food away must take 50 plates to feed my brother.
She's on the spot, Josh.
She's nice up to spam, Sam.
Fasten that salt, Paul.
And then cut this meat.
I need some fried dough, Joe.
So get it over here.
I'm cold.
And then you better step back, Jack.
And watch me eat.
I love and dearly, I don't want him to be hurt.
But we'd be saying grace and he'd be halfway through dessert and it's pathetic.
The way he dribbles on his shirt, it's always 50 plates to feed my brother.
Yeah!
Big fast thing, Jake.
She can buy that guy.
Oh, slavety, please.
And a root beer float.
Let go of the fork, dog.
Get away from that most poor.
Sing about that, man, man.
It's going down my throat.
So grab another plate, Nick.
Open up the fridge, baby.
Disappear the spot, bud.
And make room for me.
Got a little love to through.
It's going to be a sweet tooth.
Together again, man.
Thanks, given the meat.
Happy Thanksgiving to you to us, to all.
Exactly.
That's so interesting.
904-560-WDQA, I am happy Wednesday to it.
And thanks, given the app, but we're getting close enough.
Plus, we're not of us going to be working at Marx, have Carlos.
Now, what happened there at the end of Mojo?
I have no idea.
Their board had a little glitch.
Their board had a little bitch.
I know that.
And there must be Robert you're talking about.
That little bitch.
Speaking of little bitch, boy, yesterday we talked about it.
And thanks to Miguel, who contributed something.
It was about time.
He had two great moments, which in four hours ain't a lot.
But that line about the Chicago, what state is that?
And that was pretty good.
That was amusing.
Thanks.
But the other thing that he reminded us of course,
being the professional Cuban that he is,
that yesterday was the third anniversary of Alien washing up on shore.
All right.
Which prompted me to play all that alien stuff, at least most of it.
And wouldn't you know?
Five Cubans concealed a board of disabled 21-foot motor boat
towed into port by the US Coast Guard,
popped out of their hiding place and scampered out of a doppy
before they could be stopped virtually
winning the right to remain in the country.
But left on the boat,
unable to manage the few steps from the boat to dry land,
was the teenage son of one of their Cubans.
And for most of the day yesterday,
US authorities wrestled with a question of what to do with the 14-year-old,
who under normal circumstances were likely have been taken back to Cuba.
Don't do that.
In the end, US Justice Department officials defused a potential controversy
when they ordered the boy brought to shore.
The reason the boy has to be a witness against two minemen who allegedly
parliated the boat in our accused of attempting to smuggle him
in along with his father and four others.
The upshot is the boy's father and their companions,
like all Cubans whose feet touch US soil,
will now likely be allowed to stay in the US,
those detained at Sierra Ruchini repatriated,
sent back where they come from.
Right now, the decision to drive food him has been made as a prosecutor
or a decision that he's a material witness to Jacqueline Verera,
Vassara, whatever the hell her name is,
a spokeswoman for the US Attorney's Office in Miami.
Vassara said Tuesday night that the boy was not yet reunited with his father
who was being held with the other boat passengers by federal authorities.
The case may have another wrinkle.
Relatives of the alleged smugglers identified as Elizardo Ries Alvarez
and Martin Mendez Diaz said the people that were accused of smuggling
are smuggling yet other relatives.
Martha Mendez, who said she's Martin Mendez's wife, said the 14-year-old is her nephew
and his father whom she referred to as laying all his her brother.
Other relatives said Ries's girlfriend, D'Aileen Abro,
was the lone woman among the passengers.
Luis Crespo, who identified him, said, are you following all these relatives?
The Cubans are the...
But you know, but you better write them down because this is going to be as famous as Maris Grissiace
and Lazaro and all those others.
Maybe?
Luis Crespo, who identified himself as a cousin of Ries's, said it was a not for a
for-profit smuggling operation that were trying to save their families.
He said outside the Cromed Attentance and Center, West Miami-Dade,
where family mothers gathered to wait for developments.
There was no money involved.
The boy whose name was not released last night was flown last evening by
helicopter from Key West to Miami, where authorities held a closed hearing
and federal court.
Later, the teenager was expected to be turned over to the INS for placement,
temporarily in a facility for minors until Abuela can come up and check if his penis is growing.
Well, don't you think?
I have a good report.
I have a good report.
Then if Abuela comes and squeezes his penis, then am I growing a little bit?
That must be only in their family.
Yeah, all right.
I have a very nice report.
One day, surprised this embarkation was especially...
By the way, today is our Thanksgiving show, so I don't bother to call on us.
I saw a couple of flashes on there.
It's a nice, easy day for everybody.
We're going to play all kinds of great stuff.
It's gonna be a piece of cake a little turkey a little stuffing a little uh, whatever. Hall of ah
Monday surprised this embarkation was especially charged because it came on the third anniversary of the rescue
It's even other Cuban boy alien Gonzalez
Who's in suing plate touched off an international custody dispute as we all know far too well between his father and Cuba and his
Relatives in the US the so-called Miami family
The I and S to climb to come out of the new boy situation yesterday saying was part of an ongoing investigation
But agency spokeswoman Barbara Gonzalez ignores that officials did not fail to notice the coincidence of the date with aliens arrival
Don't you think it's an active?
Huh
Sure, you don't think these people planned this in advance to you
Of course not US authorities believe the boys mother may still be in Cuba though
The father reportedly is claiming custody of the boy. Oh, no, here we go again
Even if his mother should try to press a custody claim legal experts say he's too old enough at 14 to a successfully assert his desire to stay that he is old enough
Unlike alien who'd age five was too young to apply for asylum without his father's agreement
The arrival of the scrupper Cubans also comes in the wake of the controversy surrounding the intention of those
235 Haitians who spilled out of a boat of the Rick and backer Cosway last month
How do you like that the heralds as they spilled out of a boat under the Rick and backer Cosway?
What what up what what what what kind of language is that they spilled out of a boat under the Cosway
19 Haitian men were repatriated because they were picked out of the water by Costa before they could be sure
They to Miami-Dade men accused the smuggling in the Cuban world will appear before you had just magistrate today
Ellie Elizarta Ruiz record sure was the owner of a 21 foot well-craft boat and it goes out about this
Chris Bo that and that Cresco this and Ruiz and Gonzalez, etc.
And so on how do you like that man?
Okay, there you go. Just in time for Thanksgiving. Oh, I love it
I'm that poor come out yesterday go out tell you
You people out there. It's a good thing that we're not taking any calls are gonna put any pressure on the audience
Just let him hop on the pool
Well, you did the new pool in the second which I know you're low even though we draw the line at nine
Based on what you know which country should the US be attacking now?
We asked yesterday we had 1150 votes some of them were even real
About a few hundred and more even real votes and the rest of them just went more like that
They went nuts when they saw this Saudi Arabia wins hands down
240
Shake your booty baby
340 said Saudi Arabia were to be attacking
None any attack will lead to total chaos 269 people said that
Iraq 177 and there's a Richard Butler. Oh, out while we're there. It's well Paula
Pakistan 161 they're right on Iraq's ass
Canada for calling W moron 110 that brought up she resigned yesterday under enormous pressure
We'll get to that North Korea 40 and Iran only eight only eight for Iran
Boy
Got a lot of stuff today girl admits leaving a threatening note on plain and West Palm Lefair de moron a fini
It says
That CBS news yet a they can't her but she resigned I give her a chance to say and the person who faxed us that no yesterday
About 640 a.m. Going all these tomorrow. I hate to break the news to you Tom jica finally got one right nice going Tom
It's nice somebody must have bought your radio for holidays
WGNA is moving. They're swapping with LVJ in Palm Beach County
GNA is moving from 1040 to 640
But GNA is not an all these station in the genre of magic
Their oldies are like more all these I mean more old than the other ones oldie and moldy
You know how I'm talking about ancient like Frank Snatra and Peggy Lee and that stuff big band
Yeah big bands Benny Goodman
Myr Lansky people like that here's our poll question today
Who would you like to hear us here do it right who would you like to hear 6 to 9 a.m. I WQ a.m
We have three six seven choices the first team Joe Gelti in D.Fo. I'm happy with Mo
Rick and suds
Paul Castro novo Paul Castro novo
Ron and Ron I wouldn't listen no matter what or classical music see the reason I put that I wouldn't listen no matter what is like people listen to Howard Spurm
You follow what I'm saying right and they have to have some place to go in other words
I'm not gonna change the dial if we put like on
Whatever and then classical music
What would you like to hear on WQ a.m. 6 to 9 a.m. The first team I'm happy with Mo
Rick and suds Paul Castro novo
Ron and Ron I wouldn't listen no matter what or classical music a magnificent choice as we usually give you on the show how about Neil 6 to 1
How about you work someplace else tomorrow?
How's that sound and tomorrow you don't want to be missing tomorrow
This is not be a good day to get canned because tomorrow is your big chance you and the Vista doing the show tomorrow
That's our schedule for tomorrow folks. It's the holiday 6 to 9 a.m. We got
Dave Hagen Curtis and Vlad
Kurt famous Kurt from a 6 to 9 that would be like a bunch of little kids playing radio
Like kind of like we do overnight between two and six every night and I think Anthony was upset that he wasn't part of it
Well, he's too perverted
9 to 1 tomorrow on this show we got the beast
The short waddling a big and fat but not as fat as he used to be beast
You'll think of the real inside story how I got canned on the morning show
How Troy cut him off a balance for life all of that tomorrow then the big
Oh from 1 to 5 4 hours of misinformation with a big O tomorrow 1 to 5 because we couldn't find anybody else
And then 5 and a half into the bar till 6 a.m. Friday we got ESPN radio
Which I think is damn nice of our people because who now wants to have to work on Thanksgiving day, right?
Right
You're not supposed to be the one saying that Miguel is supposed to say it. He's not working tomorrow
Right Miguel. What I'm not working tomorrow now. So I just said dummy up. Okay put white your head
Or we're gonna go back to that people magazine the best looking guy pull again
By the way, we fought off this morning McGell is into the key for Sutherland
913 and 560 WQM if you look in the mirror and you wonder where the hell did that hair go?
Remember that song by the Supremes? Where did my hair go?
God, I love that thing
Anyway, almost all men sooner or later start singing that song where the hell did it go?
It's vanishing. It's doing a disappearing act
Charles Alfie Eries there to help rescue your head because for over 25 years now
Shleppers and millionaires and everybody in between have it go to Charlie if you get a great looking at here because they know
Even the rich guys that even if they spend all the money in the world
They can't get a better more natural looking here than the natural hairline system
It's a hundred percent are detectable. It's the best in the business to make a long story short
So if you're like under the age of a hundred see with me. It doesn't make any difference
I'm not vain. You know what I mean? I don't need some phony here on my head
But if you're one of those younger guys who wants to look better and maybe get a head in life or just get some head
Call Charles Alfie Eries mentioned the advantages take advantage of that special
$200 QA and discount and don't forget Charlie
Reservuses and repairs all kinds of hair systems
Why do you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks and makes him look like better too?
You have nothing to lose but that big grotesque shiny bald spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee
If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells
Charlie will give you a full refund if you're not getting laid at least four or five times a day
He'll give you your money back so make the call to they and get you some here one eight hundred three two one
24 13 the choices here is a silly look and mousey piece or great looking head of hair
one eight hundred three two one 24 13 or log out of the website Charles Alfie Erie
Dot com
To you
Jesus Christ
All right, she's the Christ
He got the sports page folded on his bandit knee he made his smell like something
Hey mr. Tidey
You better jump in run
You got the hide you hide oh no
You're all made
boys on the cold
You get the spare tire in his meal
He's always holding the healthy load
He had a blue plate special with three five beans and you can hear his crack
It's broke
It was the tide
He
Better jump in run
You better hide
My friend
Oh
Hey
Oh
Yes, he's on the
920 to 560 WK happy Thanksgiving it's our annual Thanksgiving show which I finally
Wized up this year because you know I could have worked tomorrow
It would have been happy to have like one regular on tomorrow
And I said I thought about it for a couple of seconds and I said no
I don't think so why don't I do that my a moron or what
Pulles up the brand new pull is up there who would you like to hear six to nine aim on WQM
Rick and suds four
The old first team Joe Gellie and D4 one
This pull just went up there only moments ago
These are the early returns run and run one
I wouldn't listen no matter what one
Classical music one
I'm happy with Mo
Zero and Paul castinova zero so far but those are the very early returns. Okay. Don't get too emotional about that
Don't also forget 1230 give me the reminder give me a little nudge by long distance
Okay, for the football game. No seriously don't let me forget about that
Got the Patriots and the Lions remember the Lions will beat the Bears on Sunday according to Miguel
Uh-huh the Patriots and the Lions are playing our words that game is that a Detroit
Now you know the usually are those games usually are because it's a Thanksgiving uh, it's a tradition
You always have Dallas and Washington play which they're playing the late game at 405
1230 it's the Patriots and the Lions were a bit of a plan probably in the Pontiac no doubt
Far enough away from the inner city to be safe at any rate
So that game will be on CBS and I'll be you know just sitting here. I'm not gonna like ignore the show for that half hour
Am I yes
That's heavy duty stuff. This is a big game
Even though it's a girls team that they're playing nevertheless
It's a very very big game for the Patriots who were like wobbly in the second half of that game against the Vikings
Vikings have won a game on a road since before Abe Lincoln was a child
And the Patriots tried like held a blow it a 15-year-old girl traveling with her soccer team admitted believing a threatening note on an airplane as a prank officials in West Palm Beach said
Brilliant
What are we gonna do with that bit with that little girl, huh?
The girl whose name was not released by FBI investigators will not face federal charges
She may however be subject to state prosecution. All right said Palm Beach County Sheriff spokesman Paul Miller
The note which read there is a bomb under seat 19c death is a coming was found tucked inside a window shade on the plane
What a sense of humor, huh?
The girl who's from Palm Beach County had returned home from Atlanta for the Monday morning flight official said
The note was discovered early Monday afternoons about 200 passengers
Reboarding for the planes we turned to Atlanta officials from Delta Airlines said
The plane was searched and its boarding passengers were we screened Miller said TSA spokesman Brian Dural said the flight to Atlanta was delayed from about two hours
It's believed to be the first red made by a juvenile at the Palm Beach airport Miller said and hopefully the last
You know what I'm saying? I don't we got a lies a lot of wise punks out there, but this ain't the time to be screwing around about the bomb threats
Bitch
Look at that rick and suds are off to the races on that pool. How do you like that? Huh?
Whoo, have you taken a peek at that 24 votes good galley miss Molly. I love this show get out of here
Here's the news you've been waiting for was just a matter of time a
Prime Minister Jean Critch-ends come communication director resigned yesterday over that counterviz because by her private comment last week that president bushes a moron
Correct
Francois ducro who initially offered to quit but was kept on by Critch-ends leaving the Prime Minister's office after all
According to a statement issued by Critch-ends chief of staff
What a surprise, huh?
I need help in a letter of resignation to Critch-end ducro wrote is very apparent to me that the controversy will make it impossible for me to do my job
I would therefore like to leave my position as director communications immediately the letter said
I'm grateful for the support you've given me during this difficult time
Critch-end accepted the resignation this time responding in a letter in your almost four years as director communications
You serve the government as a whole that's with the w and me personally with extraordinary skill and dedication
I wonder which side of his mouth he said that out of the comment made in the discussion with the radio reporter last week at the
Nato Summit and project as the wide-check for public has dominated Canadian media and opposition politicians have called for a resignation
What a moron is the co-determinated to do co-ordering what she called a private conversation with a reporter that was over her by the reporters who wrote about it
She apologized last week, but the fewer has continued in Canada a on Monday some opposition members of parliament
No to the coming appeared in any racking newspaper editorial characterized as Western opposition to mr
Bush
Critch-end initially tried to play down the incident telling your prognosed conference the comment was unfortunate
That mr
Bush was a friend of his in Nato moron at all you should see some of the letters to the editor newspapers here
There was a cute one yesterday in the star that said isn't it possible that mr
Bush could be Critch-end's friend animal run also
That's great. Yeah
Because birds of a feather you know morons of a feather hang out together is what he said out of the right side of his mouth
Oh, I've had a he's something that Critch-end they got billboards around town here doing it count down to when he leaves office
Like I think he's got six months to go or something like that in the bottom of the billboard. It says why wait leave now
It's beautiful. He also denied Critch-end that the comment harmed relations with Washington seeing him
He received no official complaints from the US officials at the summit
Probably because they all know that the president is
Palm Beach radio station swap spots on the dial. Let's get this right and who better to turn to than our good close-balled head friend
Little Tommy jico at least wrote something about radio
It's not about a station in data browser released at least it's something about radio
That's a start Tommy at least it's something about the local scene as opposed to another one of those 8,000 puff pieces
About some network TV show like that crampy movie you were valuing that Martin Lewis thing that was a real piece of it turret
It says Thanksgiving won't be a day rest in Palm Beach radio
W.J. NA home of adult standards by adult standards
By the likes of Frank Sinatra and Barbara Streisand is shifting from its current home of 10 40 a.m
To 6 40 a.m
Whoever sent us that fax yesterday get us get your facts right on your facts. Okay. Get your facts facts right
To make it easy for listeners to remember the transition will take place at 6 40
Tomorrow night
We'll see this is dated November 28th, which is tomorrow
On the website and it says tonight. So I'm assuming that means tomorrow Thanksgiving night whatever
WLVJ which currently offers Christian programming on 6 40 a.m
We'll change its base of operations to 10 40 a.m
Or worse signal cuz who the hell wants here that
Both stations which will retain their current call letters are owned by James crystal broadcasting
The switches being made to expand the reach of the music stations. 6 40 is a more powerful signal in 10 40
When the transition is complete WJNAs expected to be available from southern parts of Dave County Deport Saint loosely
Despite the switch to less potent dial position WLVJ will be available throughout broad and poverty counties
Acquiring in general manage your Steve Lapa
Oh brother we know about him from the moment it settles into its new dial position
WJNA will be playing holiday music through Christmas Day. Let's hear it. Okay. Huh for WJNA
Aren't you excited about that Frank Sinatra Benny Goodman? That's strong little Glenn Miller action
My and local
This is 4405 city
You way you way
You might contribute no only growth
You
We need a leader who will give us back on track
Maybe it's time we had a present
Oh
I see them on TV dressed up in it so close
I heard his writing make my just be change girl John
His name is colon how he happens to people at
The latest home safety leaders of the past
Some folks close in my day
Say there ain't no way
What the time they change you know that next one
I'm
930 205 60 WQM this fact you just sent me is one of the most amusing of all time
It goes to sure at times the case usual is full of crap because the five to choose between
Believing the facts or believing little Tommy bald headed jica. I think you'll go with the facts. I'll go with the facts
It says dear Neil please have faith in this fact so while I heard jikas comments on the radio station WJNA
I must totally disagree with his column
I'm the writer who wrote you yesterday and someone who drives a truck with an AM radio
I listen to 1040 AM each day for about five hours
I certainly hope those five hours aren't like around 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. at any because obviously
Now he's not ladies listen to must
While only on occasion they will slip in a real moldy oldie
They play mostly 60 stuff with plenty of eagles fleetwood max Chicago vogue's etc. A very refreshing change proving once again
In reference to Tom jica proving once again any asshole who thought alpha is entertaining should probably start begging groceries for a living
I stand by yesterday's letter. Thanks and we thank you profusely for giving us the facts on your facts
Frank Sinatra and Barbara strives to N. My S. He when he writes a column like that it gives the impression that it's one of those stations
It's like a throwback. I mean that's stuff when I would nickers and high-button shoes man
That went out with like men's two-piece bathing suits
And you guys didn't even see smallville last night shame on you shame on you
That was pretty emotional and Clark actually was kissing at the wolf while she was a wolf
She's a wolf in hot babes clothing
And of course we we went to commercial there
We didn't actually see what happened after that emotional kiss in the cave got only knows what happened in there
Squirt Squirt I doubted and then at the end of the show Lana just weeping falls into Clark's arms
Because she got the car all at what's his name so you do know what's his name Whitney Whitney
See it goes got a thing for Whitney like splong guys yeah Whitney
Whitney is missing an action. He's am I a
I'm saving this facts. I'm at a frame it
And that's gonna be the assignment for Carlos
Can you remember this? Sure go on your way home today
I'll let's see 1040 it's still I haven't changed frequencies yet
And you're gonna have to do it today because otherwise they're gonna be playing just holiday me christmas music starting like tomorrow tomorrow night
So on your way home today tune in 1040 wjn a
Sounds like a Canadian station to me and
Just give us a report on Friday of what they're playing okay
No, mark that down and mark it right underneath it to think you got noted in 1230 reminded old man that the football games on already got that up on CBS
You got it up all right speaking of Thanksgiving the first Thanksgiving a career and I'm just getting my stuff out of the way here right now
Okay, once I clear the deck which I don't have all that much that is I got a pile here halfway to the ceiling
Dude, it's really sad the stuff. I'm never gonna I know I'll never get to a lot of this stuff
But it's just it's there's a lot of good stuff in here, but I'll never get to it
But at any rate uh the important stuff the really earth-shaking earth-shattering like that kid that washed up
I'm sure with those other acubans
I'm sure alien is just very emotional about that back in Cuba probably wants to come back here and buy the kid a happy meal. Wouldn't you think?
Let's celebrate Christmas together. Yeah, let's celebrate Christmas by having a bubble come over and check out your penis
See I keep mentioning that because both of these guys both Carlos and Miguel are
And George as well if he were there today, which he's not
Incredibly embarrassed because back during those days when that nasty crap was going on
It was suggested. Oh, this is a this is a common thing in Cuban families
This is a custom. I had never heard of that before that day that grand that grandmothers check out little kids penises to see if they're growing, you know
Never before ever ever ever before had ever even heard of any such thing father of tool thought he said he thought it was pretty good idea
First Thanksgiving occurred in Florida researchers says let's hear it. Oh, right. Something good for Florida maybe
Michael Ganon says he is known in Massachusetts as the Grinch who stole Thanksgiving after declaring it was the Spanish and not the Pilgrims who first celebrated Thanksgiving in the New World
Ganon a University of Florida history professor a Geeder said the first Thanksgiving in a permanent settlement occurred in September 8th 1565 in St. Augustine
Pedro Manendez de Avales and 800 Spanish settlers celebrated a massive Thanksgiving and invited the native
Sealoid tribe who occupied the site. He said did I tell you say in Augustine is older than sawdust
ancient
It was the first community active religion and Thanksgiving in the first permanent European settlement in the land
Ganon wrote his 1965 book The Cross and the Sand the Pilgrims didn't have their first Thanksgiving
We'll fill 1621 a full 56 years after the Spanish
Manendez and his father was probably
Died on Cucito of stu-mate from salted pork and garbanzo beans laced with garlic seasoning
Hard sea biscuits and red wine said Ganon based on what the Spanish had aboard their five ships
Cucito, you ever heard that?
Nope. No
If the Ciro Indians contributed food that the menu could have included wild turkey venison go for tortoise
Mullet corn beans and squash Ganon said and just think they didn't even have bino back in those days
Go for tortoise
Go for tortoise or go for the gold
Father Francisco Lopez de Mendoza gráhales. Oh, I love that. I'd like to say that about a hundred times today
Father Francisco Lopez de Mendoza gráhales. That's with the J. Am I saying that right?
That's right
Celebrated the first mass on that day and he reflected in his personal chronicle that the Indians
imitated all they saw done
The first nice giving is recounted by Ganon and we gathered together an article published in his in this month's in Augustine
Catlick the publication of the Catholic diocese of Saint Augustine
The 1565 celebration wasn't the first time's giving Ganon said numerous thanks giveings for a safe voyage and landing
Had been made in Florida by such explorers as one Paz de Lioz in 1513 and 1521
Penn Philor de Navarés in 1528 for an end of the Soto in 1529
Father Luis concerted Barbarco in 1549 and Tristan de Luna in 1559
But none of them had a name like father Francisco Lopez de Mendoza gráhales
I love I'm saving this oh I gotta have this father Francisco Lopez de Mendoza gráhales
The French who came to the St. John's River interjectsville in 1562 and Renee de la la la de Nier in
1564 also offered prayers of thanksgiving well before the pilgrims get in so the pilgrims were Johnny come lately
They took credit for the whole thing, but they were like way down the line
Here's something I predicted on his show months and months and months a long time ago
While other people were touting it on his station, which since we draw the line at Nier and I won't much in no names
Look at the way Rickon says they're pulling away from the pack on our poll
Who would you like to hear six to nine a.m. on Q.A. and Rickon says 49
Is that incredible?
I'm not surprised
40 guy for Rickon said so far
Out of the first 115 votes. I wouldn't listen no matter what 21
Now I'd say those probably would be how it spurms people, but I don't know because he's still on now
The first team Joe Gellie and Defo 15 maybe how it ran out of Lisbon this morning
Uh, the poll casted over 13. Oh, hey listen Paul no matter how much you tried a lot I load up this
Pole ain't gonna help you're not getting hired. This is just for fun
I'm happy with moe six
Ron and Ron six classical music five
We'll get to the assault even and momentarily and that is sad note the soul are going out of business. They're leaving
That's fuck yep. We have no soul. Oh, we have no soul and Miami. Dyke basketball leaves town
My and loco
This is for real by 60
Rick Riley stole my briefcase
I
Like the park in his face
That's why we take what gives him the right. Oh, I think his wife what a bite it off tonight
Rick Riley stole my briefcase
This grace to the human race
Oh
And you're a smuck
Ain't got that sucks
We love me should also include Rick Riley's but oh oh oh oh
Riley stole my briefcase
I like a part in his face
Hell
Rick Riley you're an asshole
Yeah, go now
From the twisted minds who brought you hollow wing comes an entirely new dimension in horror
Don't look in the oven or you'll experience the stock naked terror that is
Thanks to me
A family just like yours eats a bird that was once alive
Mm-hmm, and they eat until they feel like they're going to explode
But it doesn't stop there
Uncle Luther
No, it's time to entertain the inlaw
Is that fish I smell of a dog? I'm allergic enough and you'll think they're never going to leave
So uh, where do I put these suitcases and just when you thought you could escape by watching TV
You discover there is no way out now game number two of our holiday NFL quadruple header
Thanks
The annual terror is back
Plus that a good way
Stop playing in a dining room near you 946 and 560 wqm
You know what they say these are the times the try men's soul
Okay, isn't that what they said
Yeah, that's what they said financial was forced the soul out of my head
No, maybe we could use a good exercise now
The son has said on the soul says the son sentinel
Signing financial difficulties and need to concentrate on my amies nva team Eric Woolworth the heat groups president of business operations
Is expected to announce today that the organization and the wnva have decided to see a cease operations
And my me as predicted on this show probably right around the time they started did not tell you that the dyke ball would never make it in this town
Yes, you did
Woolworth spent most of the day on the phone with the wnva office owner Mickey Ererson referred all questions to Woolworth during two tenets heat game against the LA Lakers
Woolworth Eric Woolworth all we used to like his a five-and-dime store is a lot
Woolworth said he was instructed by wn do they still have Woolworth are they out of business
Not down here anyways. I haven't seen him
Woolworth said he was instructed by wnva officials not to release any information on the heat group returning to the franchise to the league
Which will relocate the team we were told by the board of governors not to make any comment Woolworth said
Neither the six-year-old women's basketball league nor the three-year-old soul have ever turned a profit
The league officials wouldn't say how much money the team lost since its inaugural season 2000 you can bet your bottom dollar
It's a bundle
It is estimated the company spent two million dollars this year
Then included coaches salaries plus the players house in car rental travel to food expenses
The league paid the players salaries the league is owned collectively by the NBA owners
We knew that the team ownership felt the team had run its course in Miami with Emmett the helm
Didn't we also lose the our good buddy Ray Hudson and the soccer team the fusion huh not too long ago
The order soccer oh
How do you like that? What is going on in that town for crying out loud?
Susere Hudson Miami fusions head coach and I love the queen of South Florida Neil Rogers should be in Brooklyn in palace
But we'll keep him here. Oh too bad. We couldn't keep you here, right? We know of the team, but he had a good sense of humor
My Amy is the second team to be cut loose by an NBA franchise this year the Orlando miracle was
Dispainted earlier this year their model was if anybody comes to see us play it's a miracle
Several other wnva franchise have been rumored to be considering relocating to San Antonio including the Detroit shock
The Charlotte sting and the Utah stars that's with two Z's the stars is
The soul was never mentioned making today's expected announcement more stunning. How do you like them apples? Huh?
Miami loses its soul that should have been a headline on the front page of the paper right under the new Ileon
Better than that sunset stink
Hi jack-or-confessed under threat of castration. I like this story
This is from the UK independent newspaper
The Arab Israeli citizen accused of attempting to hijack an aircraft and fly it into a building said yesterday that he never tried to seize the controls
Toffy Fuchsarade
All said he confessed when Turkish police threatened to castrate him
Mr. Fukra that's for short a Palestinian with Israeli citizenship as being held in a Turkish prison after being accused of tried to hijack an LL flight from
Tel Aviv to Istanbul on November 17
Allowed portrayed the incident as proof of the efficiency of its security
Mr. Fukra was wrestled on the floor by two security guards posing as passengers
Mr. Fukra climbed and interviewed with Israel's Ha'aret's newspaper that never tried to hijack the aircraft
He said he instead had an altercation with the stewardess
Mr. Fukra told Ha'aret he was angry because as an Arab he had to indirect the security checks in Tel Aviv airport
I was nervous on the flight. He said it was the first time I ever flew
I got up before landing in the stewardess yelled at me
I shouted back on the security guard's pounced on me. I felt at the ground
I don't have any more memory of what happened after that
There were wildly differing versions of the events on the flight Mr. Fukra's version
Tellies with some of the early accounts but several passengers said they saw him try to break into the cockpit
Last week the Israeli government described the incident as a terror attack
Mr. Fukra said he confessed under duress from Turkish interrogators
They told me that they castrate anyone who doesn't cooperate with them
So I told them anything they wanted to hear he said that's the way to do it
We ought to be doing that down there and give him with al-Qaeda
You either answer the questions or we'll cut your balls off right?
I thought I'd do it
Still this pussy footing around
Is it 12.30? It is the Patriot game on five or a minute. Okay
No sir. I'm very serious about that because you know me when you get old and people like me. Oh
Can't you remember to put your shirt on in the morning? That's why I'm sitting here in my shorts. No socks
Nice and comfy. I'm gonna make it almost a 28 degrees today. The sun is shining blue sky. It's beautiful
Every time somebody gets on there before the show like Tristra effort. Oh, you freezing your ass off up there. No
Got a whole bunch of snow. No none
It's it's beautiful. It's so high as they say
Is they saying Turkey it's a real much higher
Who would you like to hear 6 to 9 a.m on wqm is our pull question?
They have very important programming a poll right at the holidays very very crucial
152
Vote so far Rick and suds pulling away 72 votes
47.3% of the near-roger's audience wants their Rick and suds in the morning
I would listen no matter what you prize put on 24
The first team Joe Geldy and D for 18 people want that back
Paul Castronoba. Isn't that interesting?
Isn't that something he still stuck there at 13
Now that was about 20 minutes ago and I said don't bother trying to load up the poll poly because no matter
What you're not getting hired on this station all of a sudden I guess he went away
Don't take it personal Paul unless you want to
13 for the polyman
Classical music 10 run and run 9. I'm happy with Mo six dead last
boy
But don't get me involved in that because you know how we do it on this show don't you we draw the line that yeah right thanks Robert
Backstabber. Well I said if remember that Herbert Filber thing I left three lives that's before your time
Wait before about the counters by if ever there was a guy qualified to be a counters by us Robert the group band boy
He's all over the place even and the best part of it is even he doesn't know which side he's on
Because he enjoys it so much he enjoys all the backstabbing so much
At least 85 people fall ill aboard cruise ship. This isn't the same old story. This is a new one
I don't know what am I ever gonna have to say to get you people to stop wasting your money on those cruises
There is nothing good going to happen on a cruise ship. So okay
You're gonna get sick you're gonna get caught in a hurricane somewhere some crap you're gonna fall overboard
You're gonna get seasick all these things
Your wife or girlfriend is gonna get raped
Disney cruise line said yesterday at least 85 people are reporting flu-like symptoms four days into a seven-day cruise to the western carabine aboard the cruise ship magic
Maybe they can rename it tragic
Disney spokesman Mark Joronsky said the former head of these centers for disease control and prevention vessel sanitation program
Don Turner has been hired in Florida to come in islands to join the ship today
How about those least by the way?
Pulled it out of their ass. Boy, I tell you any of the beagle played pretty weak last night
But they wanted five before we watched in last night Panthers in LA the night. We're carrying that game you bet you we are
Panthers at the LA Kings
We got the shittgo panther preview at 10 and the Panthers and the Kings 10 30 night no more ties please
Nice wind would be nice. They haven't won a game since what about two three years ago
We got mad dog at one we got to hop for a three unencumbered well today before Thanksgiving
So it's good that we all worked a full four hours none of this other pussy putting around and then we got the big
Seven tonight as he warms up for tomorrow's big one-to-five show
Anyway, he's there because of his years of expertise and overseeing clean up to Ronsky said he can work with our experts aboard the ship
To make sure everything is safe and get this thing out of control. Yeah, right
Yeah, they're gonna have a meeting at Louise in the Bronx where he'll be safe
The Disney spokesman described the sickness as like the flu and said the symptoms are mostly vomiting
Oh lovely on diarrhea
The CDC tells us it appears to be spread by person-to-person contact
You're on skis said but the cruise line said the CDC is not excluded other possible sources including food or water contamination
Yeah, Disney also dispatched two Walt Disney World microbiologist help oversee steps to sanitize the ship
How do you like them apples? I just keep sapping like an epidemic of these and of course we had that
Holland that I'm stood on deal that ship the ship from hell
There's only two more important things that I definitely about maybe three that I definitely got to get to here before I unleash all of this
Good and you notice a lot of the stuff most of the stuff I'm playing today. We haven't heard about a hundred years
If you notice that or not yeah, well, what's wrong with that?
You don't sound too enthusiastic about it
Well, I haven't gotten to the good I haven't gotten to the real good stuff. Yeah, I'm holding back
Just a little bit of a tease
Teeth
Okay, this Miguel man. It's pretty obvious to me that the Georgia's gotten to him
Now seriously when he told you that business about wow, you're not getting paid for this anyways
So I'm pretty soon. He's gonna want to get paid for by the word
50 cents
Like John Davidson a hockey guy wants to get paid by the word
Seck shop makes religious conversion sells bibles instead. Let's hear it. Oh
Hornigan
Putney Kentucky
named after our close personal friend Michael puttley at channel 10
In this mountain community made up of largely conservative Christians
Michael breath weight and his adult novelty shop didn't fit in
Church-going neighbors did everything. It could have closed him down
Nothing worked until a higher power intervened
breath weight with tears pooling in his eyes
Have got persuaded him to close the shop burn the sex toys he had in stock and open a Bible bookstore in its place. Oh, right
A pile of ashes in his parking lot is all that remains of the vibrators leather goods books another porn paraphernator
I sure hope the women that come in there don't confuse them bibles with the
vibrators, you know what?
Remember that scene in the exorcist
Let's Jesus morally I couldn't sell the name longer he said it's something you can't do when you're saved sanctified and filled with the holy ghost
Holy crap now neighbors are embracing breath weight helping him to restock his five-year-old store with Christian merchandise and buying groceries for him his wife and daughter
Until his new business begins to turn a profit. Let's hear it
But that good the best business in the world baby that good old-time religion
You
How it dated sentenced to die for a crime he didn't commit
Now on the lap he seeks to clear his name
Only the one-on-one knows the truth
You
T. I could have been free
Where he goes the police are at his here very engine chuckle and charge with a violent grudge
The stupid
I want to wear that lung head his slurring hot as the one armed man
Curly Howard
The stupidity right at our
I told you there was good stuff coming tonight
Yeah, you did or you didn't like that I liked it 10. Oh two at five sixty I tell you something I I
I'm lost
I don't think I've ever done this before I'm doing a show today began you know why because of the habit
This is made sound like an excuse which it is but other habit of doing those shows on Thanksgiving every year
So I've convinced myself that this is Thanksgiving day. It's not Thanksgiving day
There's no football game on today and you assholes there you both going along with it. Yeah
You guys let the football game was today you guys
No, you both you both
Both of you were saying oh yeah, we'll remind you 12 30. It's on CBS. You don't know what what's going on
The day we were over so we can't remind you tomorrow
You both are doing so many drugs before you get started every morning and by the time it gets to be 9 o'clock
You haven't had any idea what planet you're on much less what day it is no
I thought you wanted us to remind you for tomorrow. I wrote the note down nudge at 12 30 for the juice. Okay, nudge this
Thanks, give me get a put a credit for that and also and and by Eric
We don't want to bother you. I know it's the day before Thanksgiving. You're probably in training for tomorrow
But we do have to make I didn't mean run and run. I meant Bob and Tom and again. I'm just I'm lost today
Just had a brain fart sorry
So thanks to my close to personal friend here who's a chronic factor for reminding me and of course
Probably said I noticed a lot of phones flash in earlier and we're not answering the phones because we don't want to put
You know pressure on the audience after calling today on this holiday show
But they're probably saying hey idiot asshole. Why don't you get it right? Okay, so I didn't mean the right
That's me now I got at least I fessed up to it. I'm a moron
Maybe it isn't the president. Maybe it's me. She was talking about
I don't think you thought you wanted us to remind you tomorrow. You want to meet her might you tomorrow
No, I thought it was today. We need to shut up for a quick while you're behind
How about Bob and Tom? We don't want run and run on there although they well leave him on there and then put
Bob and Tom on also
We can leave run and run they got 12 votes
There's certainly not in last place
Anyway, who would you like to hear six to nine a.m. I'm wc and be sure and get Bob and Tom on there
I kind of want to get push. I know you're under a lot of pressure
You're not getting any sleep. You're about being worked like I overworked like crazy
By the way, do you ever get that stuff from him about those links?
No, the only links he knows about are the Jimmy Deans those are the only links he cares about
He can eat about three four packages that before he gets out of the second morning
Rick and suds 95. I wouldn't listen no matter what 29 the first team Joe Gildey and Diffo they want the boys back 23
Classical music 15. I think that would be appropriate for the show to be following
They told it and that stuff don't you? Yeah, Paul Castron over 14. He voted again run and run 12 and I'm happy with Mo
Boy, we draw the line at the eye and that's how many votes he's got to boy
So thanks for reminding me because how could I have met Bob and Tom?
I didn't mean Ron and Rob but since they got a few votes and even though they don't exist anymore leave them on there just for kicks
I hear this story. I've been meaning to get to because you know what a dog lover I am and I feel really bad
We're not doing a fundraiser this year
For what would it help the name of that place pet animal pet rescue a band that abandoned whatever hell of his abandoned pet rescue
And that's because Miguel is lazy and because he doesn't get any help from fat to reen back there
Who's the busy eating Doritos and and the Twinkies
And so he didn't want to like take the whole project on by himself this year plus it just I don't know
It's just that one had no
What you're the one who said no that no that was the second time that was after I said let's go ahead and do it anyway
No originally where I was told no I was told you don't really want to do this do you you don't want to do it do you we're not doing it do you by who who told you that you
In George no
Well George told me that directly. He said he said you were the one didn't want to be bothered with it because you have to do all the work
No
So either you're calling George a liar while doing more liars on the air
I love it
That was great in Amsterdam. That was that was some good times
What did I do two shows from there some good? Yeah, wasn't really such good times because I was sick the whole damn time with that
Oh
That's sinus infection, but those were pretty interesting because Miguel and George were like
hostile just
Ripping each other like crazy. I just had to sit back and you know
And watch the spectacle
15,000 years with man's best friend
tight bond between dogs and masters unless you research surprises according to CNN.com
About 15,000 years of friendship between man and dog have helped man's best friend to develop the unique ways of understanding humans
Abilities that still are some of the scariest to scientists and dog lovers several studies released this week
Found don't forget remind me that football game
Okay, whether it's a big old but send you your bass at home scientists say dogs all over the globe
They send it from one common ancestor probably somewhere in East Asia about 15,000 years ago
And they have followed man through his migrations over the earth
Dogs are an important part of our human history and until now there hasn't been much common knowledge
Only a lot of common guessing about their origins said Peter Sevalinen a geneticist at the Royal Institute of Technology and Stock on Sweden
You know that Hans blicks they cheap weapons inspector but in Iraq right he's a sweet did you know that I thought he was dutch that name sounds very dutch to me
Hans blicks
He's a Shweed
Which means he probably don't like to juice too much but then again who does
Three studies in this week science magazine provide evidence that early humans had domesticated great wolves by the time they crossed the
Bering Strait to settle a new world 12 to 14,000 years ago
DNA analysis of dogs worldwide showed the most genetic diversity in East Asia
Meaning dogs would likely been domesticated. They're the longest another study that compared old and new world dogs found that keen eyes in North and South America
Also descended from that same Eurasian mother
We know the dogs re what what to say about whose mother? I said you mama
We know that dogs were useful for lots of things in stone age culture as draft animals as in hunting for warmth and protection
So Jennifer led it a postdoctoral fellow at the Smithsonian institutions
National Museum of Natural History and ensuring food shelter survival and play modern dogs have somehow genetically required an inside about humans
That is earned in the title of man's best friend
It looks like dogs really do understand what we're trying to tell them that they're thinking about what we want
And they understand what that we're trying to communicate said Brian here of Harvard University. You author one of the studies
Do you ever wonder that what dogs are thinking?
Seriously, we ever want now to come on
Then what where did that come from?
That sounded like one of the things that would drop in on one of the sports nerd shows the real bushly
droppings, okay, come on. It's in there. It's in where to the DCS
It is in the DCS under what dog bark SFX dash dog get out of here. I've never seen that in my life
SFX
I'm gonna even have SFX that must be something that
Shrimp would put in there after I left that's it's not in here
Now I don't have any of that good thank goodness
Not only did the dogs here tested pickup on what human researchers are trying to convey
They surprise scientists by doing it much better than other species even chimpanzees
Here's experiment worked in the following manner a researcher stood near two containers one of which had food inside
Testing dogs puppies wolves and chimpanzees the researcher would send some QE thereby looking at or tapping
Now or putting some mark on the food container
The adult dogs and puppies picked the correct container farmer often they did the chimps of the wolves did and farmer often than
Chance levels controls ruled out the possibility that the animals smelled the food by doing so that dogs defied the
Expectations of a lot of scientists
Wolves have bigger brains than dogs so it was thought the wolves would do better here said and chimpanzees are primates closer to humans
So it was thought that they would do better, but they didn't
Even the theory that the adult dogs would outperform the puppies because they had spent more time with humans was quashed
When puppies as young as nine weeks old successfully picked up on subtle cues from human researchers
Dogs have a talent for reading social cues in a very sophisticated way here said
These results are not so surprising the zoology professor and dog behavior expert Patricia McConnell
The domestic dogs follow humans like a laser and watch the behavior of their humans with a focus that is astounding
Said McConnell a professor at University of Wisconsin and Madison this opens up big and interesting questions about our
Social intelligence is passed on genetically
But McConnell said what not what's not yet understood is which of the cues that humans give are the ones dogs pick out as relevant
Perhaps you've taught your dog to sit and you want to show this off to your friends McConnell say you say sit, but he just looks at you
What do you think Brian Murray says to his dog when he wants it to sit
The dog she said might have learned to sit not by words
But by how your head was turned to what your body language was when he was learning if those things are different in the room
People the commands sit may not do the trick
These visual clues can be critical said McConnell often's work with their works with aggressive dogs and difference of a quarter of an
Ancient human's head movement can be the difference between a calm dog and one that attacks
How do you like that?
Scary but with one common ancestor why the vast differences in size shape and skills between shepherds and shitsuz bullmastiffs and border collis that asks
And I didn't make that up. It says shitsuz right here
That's all the work of humans not genetics it says people started creating designer dogs about 500 years ago
Sad self-uniting in the geneticist at the r.i.t
That's the world instituted technology not the Rochester Institute technology right across the lake
Upper classes started breeding better hunting and hurting dogs and cuter lap dogs
The American kettle club now recognizes 150 breeds and they're all keeping a watchful eye over there
They're humans that says here and they kind of like a nice little piece on dogs during the holidays
Then we love our dog and too bad we didn't raise a whole lot of money for dogs this year
For abandoned peresky, but Miguel was just you know
Right, I think you're right. It's Georgia's fault lazy spick spilt defaults. No, I know it's Georgia's fault because he's not there today
True
No seriously he's lazy. He don't want to be bothered with it
What he's the first one to say he's lazy right? So I'm not talking behind his back out on the same thing when he comes back next week
He's a lazy spick who's gotten like you know
He always knows that I'll be there like to go to bad form when somebody the unmancible one try to get his ass
Can I'm always there to go to baton screaming holler when he needs a new contract
I'll get my lawyer to go in this screaming holler and try to get a hold of Greg and get him like another couple of cents an hour stuff like that
Nothing worse than spoiling the people around your Carlos
So as a result of that just to use you as an example
This paycheck you got the other day in the 25th on Monday, right? That was the last one for a while
Thank you
It's okay. We're in a little bit of respect
12 minutes after 10 is 560 W. Can you look at that pull Rick and suds are off to the races baby 105 who do you like the year 6th and 9 a.m
On QA and previous to this show every day
Rick and suds 105
I wouldn't listen no matter what you put on there 35 the first team Joe Gellie in D4 25 classical music 15
Paul casted over 15
Your second wind Paul run and run 14. I'm happy with moe 11 and Bob and Tom got about we just put them on there
If they'd have been out from the beginning they had had some votes. They're great. We love Bob and Tom on his show
Don't wait. Yes, we do and they love us
12 minutes after 10 at 560 W. Can you know it's the most wonderful time of the year or so they say
I should start that again. You know what?
Please
Well, I because I didn't like pause for I'm sorry
It's the most wonderful time of the year or so they say whoever they are
But if you're in need of a new mattress and sure on time
You really want to be schlepping around town fighting traffic lines and parking of course you don't then do what I always do
Called data mattress toll-free
1 800 mattress
The item actress makes it easy to buy a bed call 1 800 mattress right now an expert bedding consultant
Will help you find the right bed at the best possible price the whole ordering process takes less than five minutes on average
Don't be fooled by the store so called sales
Dyle mattress offers great low prices every day with no showroom shell games
Dyle mattress carries the areas largest inventory of seely
Sort of Simmons and Kingcrawl mattresses ready for same-day delivery
They care about your bedding they want you to have a great night sleep
I've been sleeping on a Dyle mattress for years and I guarantee you they are the best
And if you're expecting company for the holidays check your mattress in your guest room
Need new one and call Dyle mattress right now at 1 800 mattress
Your rest a lot easier knowing your holiday guest will be sleeping comfortably avoid the holiday shoppers
Don't waste time going from store to store do the smart thing like I do called Dyle mattress
1 800 mattress MATT RES the easiest possible way to buy a bed be sure and tell them that old Neil told you to call
We're sports radio 560
UAM
You call this big market radio
No police stop my car
You call this stop my car
You call this name is stop
What is great line and blow a ball
Oh no
Police stop my car
Police stop my car
You call this name is stop
What is great line and blow a ball
They want to wish me a soul that is
That's why they have to call me over this
They stay in the jobs making sure that there's no other miles
In my car
They want to wish me a soul that is
That's why they have to call me over this
They stay in the jobs making sure that there's no open miles
In my car
Police roll their black
Police roll their black
Police roll their black
I is now their donor set this mail in my breath
Police roll their black
Police roll their black
Police roll their black
I is now their donor set this mail in my breath
They want to wish me a soul that is
That's why they have to call me over this
They don't allow me out on day
This is my Sunday param
I'll pay a high
Police love me out
Police love me out
They police love me out
Cause when I feel like you are the point one
10, 19, 5, 60, WQM
Even though he's on vacation this week
George still needs to catch
And it's still hoping to get lucky
That's why Carlos will be there
And Miguel will be there two of night at Treasure Island
Yep
Join George for a happy hour tonight
Treasure Island 5-7 this afternoon
Stop by to win our usual QAM
Low budget crappy embarrassing prizes
And enjoy drinks specials too
Treasure Island just north of the 120 seconds
We exit off the Palmeiro
No special hot babe there tonight
No
They're all hot babes
How about the fat boy
Can't get much hotter than that
237 votes on the pool
Who would you like to hear 6 to 9 AMs on QAM
Ricken says 111 47% of this crowd
Shocking
Like I said it just changed again
113
46.5% of this crowd
I wouldn't listen no matter what 39
The first team Joe Gellie and Defoe 29
Paul Castronova 17
No chance Paul
Ron and Ron 16
That's interesting area
Guys that don't even they don't even work together anymore
They got 16 votes
What does that tell you
Classical music 16
I'm happy with Mo 11
And Bob and Tom already have got
a pair
Don't forget why me that football game 1230
Pre-game show it now
Okay on CBS
You've got foul memories
There must be
50 ways to meet leftovers
50 ways to meet leftovers
You just slap it on red
Ted
How about Thanksgiving's
All the
Now you've got foul memories
There must be
50 ways to meet leftovers
50 ways to meet leftovers
You just slap it on red
Ted
How about a souffle
Ray
Check your part by a guy
Don't flip to me
Put it on stick
Dick
And get it up quickly
Don't care what you do
Stu
Don't give it to me
Somehow inside the fridge
You took your multiple plans
I've beaten so much that it's coming out
My eyes
When some thighs and legs and breasts
That just won't die
I must be
50 ways to meet leftovers
50 ways to meet leftovers
You're
You're cooking ice to me, Lou
Make it a shake and shake
Turkey can't carnivore me
Don't give it to me
It's nothing but swillabill
It's making my section
I'm way over bed
Fred
Don't give it to me
You just slap it on red
Ted
How about a souffle
Ray
The problem is on inside
Out that she said to me
But the answer is easy
If you practice or relieve
You must enhance your full play
Connolly would leave
It must be
50 ways to meet your lover
50 ways to meet your lover
Lie a flat on a bed
Jack
Go down to the clam cell
Use a vibrating toy
Roll
Just listen to me
Roll
Hit the alphabet
Shit
Don't get your mouth out of the suit
Where
You got more capital T
Too much for me
I said I treat that act with the unmost disdain
To go south with the mouth
I'm sorry
I'm a frame
For the few insist
Then would you please explain about them
50 ways to meet your lover
50 ways to meet your lover
All right
Just kiss on a trim
Jim
Fuck her up on a bee steam
Eat me so that my guy
Now listen to me
Down on a muffin dough
Just give it enough touch
More capital T
Too much for me
It can strike any of us
Chop
Chop
Chop
The tragedy of sexual stuttering
It frustrates you
And it infuriates the guy in the apartment next door
Would you say it's same already
You're making me sick over here
Your sexual stuttering afflicts you
Take heart
Chop
Chop
I said it
Chop
Sure
My name is Bob
To get on the road to recovery
Call the sexual stuttering hotline
At 1-800-0000
Yes
Oh
Oh
Please
Don't put out this turn
Oh
You've turned
It's a piece of crap to me
Can hardly ever
Words
Whatever happened to you
The rights you love me do
We made my protection one
Reach my love
You're John Wooden like this much
We use him as a grudge
And now he feels so cheap
So
He
His songs that tear
I'm not the champion
Will be the reason
Which should not be your end
And living all the burden
Turned out like a piece of crap
So
Who do you think you're going to be next
Is going to be Paul McCartney or Ringo
What do you think
Hopefully Ringo
I think that was Carlos who said that
And he don't like the drummers
Okay look what happened to Dennis Wilson
He's dead
Let's talk about famous drummers
Who are dead to show him
Instead of playing the silly comedy bits
Let's play comedy bits
So what a clock is what we're going to do
Because it's Thanksgiving day
Don't forget about that football game
I'm serious I sat here thinking that
It was Thanksgiving day
Not when I started but as we got into this
You know about like 30 seconds into what
And I'm thinking about the football game
And about I don't know
What happens when you get old and febrile man
In fact when you get old or even if you're young
You ought to be taking good supplements
To help you stay in good health
In fact, I'm sure have one to help your mind
We've talked about that in the past
That all you'll med they do
All you'll med meditarian formulas
Are advanced combinations
Of the best olive oil you'll find anywhere
Along with vitamins minerals
And combined with other nutrients as well
Scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions
To help you support specific health needs
Like I said they even got one for your mind
Which I better start taking right away
Look for olio-mates three new formulas
They have one to help you sleep
One to help you control your weight
And coque 10 which is so important for your heart
All using the benefits of the purist
To find the bestest is olive oil you'll find anywhere
Olio-mates are now standing new product
That's available all over town
Pick up something today
You're nearby public records
Or wall green store
Make sure you know you shop at the right wall green
For more information call olio-med toll free at 1-866-olio-med
That's 1-866-6536-3633
You can also order their products online
Their website volio-medamerica.com
And one of the most striking announcements of our lifetime
If you've visited your nearest publics
And buy an olio-med product in the day to broward
You can get you a coupon for a free
Larry Coker Bobblehead doll
Oh my god
While supplies last
Don't forget to visit their sampling program
At sports time every Sunday when it often is playing home games
Pick up some free olio-med samples and product information
And for your health start popping some in your purse today
This is the Neal Roger Show
This is your brain
Any questions?
The Schmelling Mint
Introduces the definitive collection for the anal retention
The PCs are the species series
Yes, we are pleased to pass on to you
The most exotic animal droppings collection of valuable to date
Our animal-doodle replicas are handcrafted
Of the finest pewter
Ordered today and your first stool will arrive in two weeks
A classic couch
Ah!
Real you can almost snag
Your marble with the attention should it take
And be amazed at the enormity of the elephant
And the cuteness of the bunny bullet
Ordered today and you'll receive
Our special bird series
See what it looks like before it hits your windshield
We are part of this powerful mover
There's no time to waste
Call now
The feces of a species collection is going fast
There was no farmer who lived on a rock
He sat in the middle just shaking
His fists at some boys who were down by the prick
They're feeding the water
Their hands on their marbles
And play things and at half past four
There came a young lady
She looked like a pretty young creature
She sat on the grass
She pulled up her dress
And she showed them her ruffles and laces
And white fluffy duck
She said she was learning a new way
To bring up her children
So they would not spin
While the boys in the barnyard
Were shoveling repucing litter
From yesterday's hunt
While the girl in the middle was rubbing her
Eyes at the fellow
Down by the dot
He looked like a man with a size of a home
In the country with a big fence out front
If he asked her for a light
Lays she'd show him her little pet dog
Who was subject to fist
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender
Hands with a movement so quick
And then she'd bend over
And suck down his candy
So tasty made of butter Scot
And then he spread whipped cream all over her cookies
That she had left out on her shelf
If you think this is dirty
You can go f**k yourself
As I was watching my TV one day
A man came out of the tube and told me
Nature and the search were firing shots
Again and I said
Does anybody really know where Bosnia is
Can anybody tell me where
But God keeps changing all the time
I can't keep up so I don't try
I thought that world was off so late these days
The Russians packed it in MCN
And this is all no watch all night at night
So I say
Does anybody really know where Bosnia is
No
Can anybody tell me where
No
You know I'm most apologize
No
But I'm not trying to be wise guys
Can anybody tell me where
I don't know
Bosnia is
But I don't know
I don't know
No
No
No
No
No
Don't lie
All the hard burn
Don't go
Every time I see
That every time I see
That every time I see
That every time I see
He's president of the
S***
Repel the gun
And in our janky lit idiot
I don't know why
They want to watch us
Y'all have a nice hear
First room to let go for you
With president
S***
What I get to
Love both ones
And get to
We all voted for
Why
If you want this
Come talk
Love it's
Drum and stupid
No
No
Find this drunk and rich
Get
No
No
He's president of the S***
Yeah
Don't care what it's up
You got a man by hooker
And throw the Christmas
Nobody knows what best
You will die in the hands of fear
We got his rate leader
With president
So s***
Is your cap s***
So
I'm s***
I'm tracking the campus over
And it's just the asses
A little movement like that
And it's been all hyperventilating
The only French
Canyon jet out of the way to
Friends is sitting at the end of the runway
In the Lyon
And the plane
Right to the police station in
Lyon
Jet was headed from
Bologna to a party and a stop in
Lyon and landed everybody safe
And everything they got the gun
Custody
And it's not a terrorist hijacking
It don't look like it's a
Little crazy person, how unusual it is
But of course it's breaking news
Because CNN is going to hyperventilate
And so does everybody else
Every news there is breaking news.
Right
Happy Thanksgiving to the city of North
Army Parks and Recreation Department
From Joey Zalstar says this facts
I have no idea what it means
PS bring back softball to Ben Franklin Park
America's Park
Four Americans Black, White, Latina, etc
And Yadi Yadi Yadi
And bring Aliens Cousin over too
Where would I get this?
Let's see here's another one shameless request
Can you play president the dumb shmit
And the simplest so
We just one out of two a bad we'll get to the other one
Even though Dion will be pissed off and flip me to bird again
Huh? Come on Dion
What do you say? Let's kiss and make up
Come on, come on Dion
No
Go wash that hat by the way
That would be a good pull question one day
Who do you think is washed their hat most recently
Dion or Rick Shaw
That car loaf here
Oh it's about to say it
Me really?
I never even looked at you that close to notice that
Even we're ahead
Anybody that looks like you
I don't think I'd be looking that close
Anyway, and I think with George you know
That ugly Chuck business that was nasty
That was mean spirit
The excuse being that we already got that freaking carl
So out front that bitch receptionist queen
So we don't want to have two carl losses
So it's not the confuse everybody
We'll come up with another name for our carl
It's ugly Chuck
Nice
I think you want to be known as gorgeous George or something
That's why he wanted me to be called the
Yeah, well you know about those wrestlers don't you
Well, there's also Carlos Bacarrier
Another producer
Yeah
So you got to separate the carl losses
Now all of a sudden you're going to start talking when you know when we don't need you
But I don't need to be here at all
Oh
Oh, man
Did you hear that boy
That event of since Monday
Since that people magazine pull this
This guy hasn't been the same
We just not the same
Just lighting up a little bit
Okay, it's the holidays everybody's in a great mood except you
Man
That was that was down right nasty
Do you hear that?
The vets of it is voice
I could feel it all the way up here like somebody put a dagger in my back
Back them back
292 votes on the poll
No, you start laughing now it's too late
Too late
Okay boy we've been wounded
Go ahead close personal friend
Miguel I told you he turned out it's like a wreck
Did not tell you that before he came in
Yeah, I was right
Who would you like to hear 6 to 9 a.m. on QAM
297 votes, Ricken says 134
I wouldn't listen no matter what you ask
Old put on 47
The first team Joe Gellie and D. Faux
The old first team like it used to be
40
Classical music 21
Ron and Ron 19
There is no Ron and Ron but they be casted over by a vote he's got 18
I'm happy with Mo 13
Not a lucky number Mo
And Bob and Tom five they got in their late late edition
Are you going to be all right now
Are you going to get the testy with us again
Testy?
Didn't I give you credit for a great line yesterday
I think about Chicago and Illinois whatever the hell I was
That was a great line
Then you got all emotional about this
Kid washing up this Cuban kid on
Sure and you just haven't been the same since
1041 at 560 WDQM hey new balances done it again
Just as that big Thanksgiving meal is going to make you sit down to realize tomorrow
Hey guess what tomorrow's Thanksgiving day
Thank you new balance to suffer to wants you to be up on your feet to head in for the big after Thanksgiving sale
This is absolutely
Positively the time to talk turkey and new balance
They've been putting thousands of people on the most comfortable shoes they've ever felt including my great walking shoes
And now it's your turn
And the good folks at new balance are going to help you with 15% off on their entire stock
Plus up to 50% off on selected styles what does that mean to you big fat savings
New balance is stuffing you with savings and all your athletic and footwear needs
Like shoes for cross training running walking or lifting weights or cross dressing
New balance wants you to gobble up shoes for any of your weekend warrior activities
Make the pilgrimage to new balance for the big after Thanksgiving sale with 15% off on style sizes and woods
As shoes that you just have to shop for in catalogs or mail or you got that
New balance is your one stop shop that'll even special order for you in the oyster charge
New balance has got sizes from infant all the way up to size 20
So there are no excuses to keep you away from the big after Thanksgiving sale and you get all the trimmings too
Like new balance athletics shorts shirts and all styles of athletic socks
You can find new balance in four great locations
Aventure Mall, Pinecrest, Volkertown Center and the fourth will be their newest location Palm Beach Gardens opening in December
15 to 50% off right now the other stores are turkeys compared to the price service and selection you'll find
Like I said, after Thanksgiving not right now but like starting Friday
Now what the hell was that?
What are you doing over there man?
I didn't know any of the literature would have hit
Ah Carlos done it again like I said at new balance of Miami
We're gonna kick Carlos's ass out
My mind and logo
Here's sports radio 560s you and you and you and you and you
Hey hang this up baby
Here's my story said but true
About a girl called Sifle and Sue
Had a bug and ran it around
Gave it to every guy in town
Hey hey
Oh oh oh
Hey
Oh oh oh
Not like that
Hey hey
Oh oh oh oh
Hey
I shouldn't order from the spot on her head
I end up with an urinary grip
I'm part of all always be with you
So stay away from the simplest suit
It took me far so I should have seen her tie
She's an almost end to her friend of mine
He got infected now I've got it too
So keep away from the simplest suit
Hey hey
Keep away from that girl
Hope that I'm still in for a tune now
Keep away from the suit
She likes to sleep around
Yeah, it's dinner with my best friend now
We didn't finish our trip come
Now I'm afraid of falling off here tomorrow
I'm a story from a guy who knows
He used to have a hose where this fungus grows
And skinny food that she ever knew
A keeper away from the simplest suit
Keep away from that girl
Okay so anyway this was it
It looks like really a serious hijacking
This guy's like a little little and he didn't have a gun
See talk about the networks jumping to gun
He had a remote control
Is what they're saying now
You know like a TV remote control
Dangerous maybe he wanted to change channels
And they got pissed off or panic
I don't know what that was
But talk about everybody a little bit on edge
Okay especially during the holidays
Is what's going on?
Speaking of on edge
Henry Kissinger is back again
Maybe we can have peace in our hand
You want to have a peace in your hand
President Bush today named former secretary
State Henry Kissinger had a new independent investigation
Of intelligence failures before the 9-11 terrorist attacks
The announcement came as the president
Inside the Bill authorizing the commission
Which the White House resisted until just two months ago
Dr. Kissinger will be in broad experience
Clear thinking and careful judgment of this important thing
Mr. Bush said of the signing ceremony
And a Roosevelt room of the White House
Mr. Secretary thank you for returning to the service of your nation
He be saying
The commission dubbed the national commission on terrorist attack
Upon the US has a broad mandate building on the limited joint inquiry conducted by the House and Senate Intelligence committees
The independent panel will have 18 months to examine the issues such as aviation security
Diplomacy, terrorist financing, and border problems along with intelligence
You're that Miguel border problems
Like all those people washing up on our shore lately
The right thing to do is get to the bottom of all the circumstances that led to the 9-11 attacks
And to see how we can strengthen and improve the West ability to protect our country
White House Minister of Information Ariflaxer said
How do you like that? So Henry Kissinger, he just freaking won't go away
Here's Andrew Dice Clay
For Dice Aroni
Alright, let's say you're eaten
You sick and f***ing tired of f***ing potatoes
And that stove top s***
Do like me honey eat this
Dice Aroni, come on it's almost as simple as you
Put the f***ing bag in the f***ing pot and you turn on the f***ing stove
You think you can manage that honey
Hey, what a f***ing thing's done
So remember, Yankee Doodle came to town
Right none of Pony, stuck up further off is a f***ing thing called it Dice Aroni
Dice Aroni, the tap me tastes like street
Ow
Did you ever think when you're in Chinese?
It ain't pork or chicken but a fat simeese
Get the food taste grade so you don't complain
But that's not chicken and your chicken chow mein
Seems to me I ought to sweeten sour pork
But Garfield's on my fork
He's f***ing here on my fork
There's a cat in the kettle at the begin move
A place that I eat every day at noon
You think it feeds a cat and you'll never know
Once they're out there, they'll up in no void
They fried real Christendot
A chowlin' asked if I wanted more
As he was dialing up his buddy at the old
That star said not today I lost my appetite
That's two cats in my belly and they want to fight
I was sucking on her wallet and the thumbs are two
When I swear I heard it new
And that is when I knew
There's a cat in the kettle at the begin move
Think I got to stop feeding there at noon
They say that it's beef or fish or pork
But it's per and there on my fork
There's a hairball on my fork
They're funky, they're old, they're the California proof
So then you get thing old and clay
And your time's to pay your everyday
Give us a relief and that's what you're
And so for you we got the cure
Just eat some of us, eat us every day
And then flush your clothes away
Don't you want that they're ankle and they're tasty
Better use the whistle, tasty
The X-Lax is nice but it don't wake fast
Just eat some food, let me up last
I'm a party, yes
I'm a party if you eat us all the smarty pants
I'm a party, I'm a party, yes
California proof
What a way to go
This is Debbie
Hello Debbie, I'm interested in getting some operations done
Okay
And some body contouring and some liposuction
And I was wondering if you had some tummy talk
And lip augmentation cosmetic breast surgery
Face tip for all of these things
And I was wondering
Well I need to get everything done
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing
Okay we don't do that
No could you do breast implants though?
Uh, I can't be done
It would be the lotion in the basket
How much?
Uh, 5,000
Excellent, I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too
Laser surgery
Uh-huh
Have the lamb stop crying yet?
Mommy, excuse me
Don't hurt mommy's little baby
It puts the lotion in the basket
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV
Okay
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well we'll have to see you first
And if I'm looking at you we can tell you that when we see you
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts?
Mommy
Uh, if you'd like to
It puts the lotion in the basket
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes
Okay, um, there is a $100 consultation fee
That's fine
Okay
Okay, um
My name is Buffalo Bill
Okay, let me give you a little information from you
Okay, just one moment
It puts the lotion in the basket
I understand
It puts the lotion in the basket
Do you want to come in for a consultation for a life?
It puts the lotion in the basket
Uh, okay
Would you like to make an appointment?
You want to call me back?
It puts the lotion in the basket
I understand
It puts the lotion in the basket
It puts the lotion in the basket
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket
Okay, I will talk to you in the time, okay?
It puts the lotion in the basket
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
That's a few six and five sixty-one eighty-two-and
Yeah, exactly. So, how are we making a little progress now or what?
What?
Well, no earlier, it seemed that you were like non-plus by the stuff I was playing. Now I think we're like starting to come along a little bit.
Okay
Okay
Join George for Happy Hour tonight at Treasure Island
From five to seven. Miguel's going to be there. Maybe he'll be in a better mood at that time. Okay? Maybe he'll get lucky. Maybe he'll get drunk.
And what was that farting noise that Carlos made on the earlier?
I took something at a program. It for some reason the board went crazy when I did that. Nice. Don't do it again. Stop
I had to win prizes and enjoyed drinks, specials. In fact, I bet you George is going to be telling about it any moment now.
My life and locals. This is 430560.
Way to go.
Kill Nicole
He's walking. Yes indeed. He's walking. Most importantly, I'm betting.
Four days full and free. And I killed it. That's the reason for doing it. With those campaign scenes he's skating.
Four days will soon be free. Watch him every day on a TV trial. The other day I saw him crack a smile.
Waiting for the motion for the big mistriple. When human John the Cartoon do it a big high five. He's walking.
Tank scene. I'm talking. Both J.B. Green and Hewie. Right back. Don't A.B. Scenes.
Welcome back, babies. It's Monday night football. We're trying to outbound for this old friend. Just straight into the body.
We're trying to have your mind. We're trying to have some of those jobs. We're not following so we're going to say.
I don't want that. I don't want that. I don't want that. How's that new Renekar 3?
It's nice. This time I got the red and giri. Let's go get to the stage.
He's walking.
Garing G's spent millions. For those legal fees. So we owe him a big apology.
He's walking. Yes indeed. I'm hoping that he'll never be. I'm talking. His ex-wife number three.
Hello, that's my mother. Hello, that's my mother.
He's a musician. He's a musician. What is it now? Oh, it's nothing. I'm going to be your wife's daughter.
If you love those great songs from those great mafia movies, you'll slip over real mob hits.
Not only does real mob hits give you more of that great mob music, but you also get awesome sounds of real mob hits.
Like Luca the Icepick Fyama getting hit is at the 106th Street barbershop. Forget about it.
Or who can forget solid fish getting the old piano wire across the trope.
If I remember correctly, it was a B flat. So what a real mob hits now if you know what's good for you just by dialing 1-800-Bata-Bing.
Real mob hits. Hey, it's real. Forget about it.
Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Rambo Ford 5.
Oh, you.
John Rambo still alive. I want to make movies for him 5. My life ain't going great plan. Hollywood's broke. Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke.
First blood came in 82. That's when I heard my penis and it never ever grew. Rambo 2 wasn't 85 late. Rambo 3 was in 88.
She was. And to it. Like I did not make this movie with my son. He never sang. She was in Rocky 5 and they liked the total movie.
A little big cash is what I mean. I gotta get a roll from the power cream. I gotta have another movie. Or Broadway show like Geno Gees. I guess nobody ever swung hot plan. It was stupid. I guess I understand.
My whole life is about to come in. All I got left is Jennifer Flayvin. Ladies and gentlemen, I need to make Rambo 4 and 5.
Take it out. So call me up. I really need a script. I can do dialogue or keep it zip. They like comedy, action, adventure and drama. The only thing I will undo is have sex with a llama.
So give me a break for good news. I used to be an upper and I can't get a Ricky Lake right now. I got a one man showing.
I got a little bit of cash is what I need. I gotta get a roll from the power cream. I gotta have another movie. Or Broadway show like Melanie. I guess nobody ever saw a cop land. It was stupid. So I understand.
My whole life is about to come in. All I got left is Jennifer Flayvin. That's why ladies and gentlemen, I need to make Rambo 4 and 5.
But I'm higher. Absolutely. Don't get in that Mercedes. Princess Diwere begging please.
This paparazzi is coming after you. You're gonna crash if you will. No more rich guys for you. Princess Diwere is gone.
Oh Princess Diwere. Princess Diwere is gone. She's really gone.
We need to get her. Hello.
They say I love his tap.
That what we're doing is wrong. But I don't care what they say.
Because my love is so strong. They tell us we should be ashamed. We're not husband and wife.
But I cherish each moment with you. This is how I'm so glad you're in my life.
You're my prison bitch. My prison bitch. You're not like of a man. I'm glad we share a prison cell. When lights go out at 10.
I can't take away a bill. Now that would be a prize. As long as I am doing you. I don't mind doing time.
Because you're my prison bitch. My prison bitch. And I have no regrets. I got you for a candy bar and a pack of cigarettes.
At first you were resistant. But now you are my friend. I knew that I would give you in the end.
Welcome.
You're my prison bitch. My prison bitch. I'll never say goodbye. You're not like of the others. Too bad they had to die.
On the second thought I'd live outstack if you want me to. Your prison bitch is never leaving you.
I don't know. Now I know what they call you. Hard criminal.
I know you're about to find out when you call this the polka.
I know you're about to find out when you call this the polka. I know you're about to find out when you call this the polka.
I know you're about to find out when you call this the polka. I know you're about to find out when you call this the polka.
I know you're about to find out when you call this the polka. I know you're about to find out when you call this the polka. I know you're about to find out when you call this the polka.
I'll tell you what you got to do on your website and go to the internet and log on to dryconcepts.com. They discovered the internet and dryconcepts.
They discovered the internet and dryconcepts. They discovered the internet and dryconcepts. They discovered the internet and dryconcepts. They discovered the internet and dryconcepts.
They discovered the internet and dryconcepts. They discovered the internet and dryconcepts. They discovered the internet and dryconcepts. They discovered the internet and dryconcepts. They discovered the internet and dryconcepts. They discovered the internet and dryconcepts. They discovered the internet and dryconcepts. They discovered the internet and dryconcepts. They discovered the internet and dryconcepts. They discovered the internet and dryconcepts. They discovered the internet and dryconcepts. They discovered the internet and dryconcepts. They discovered the internet and dryconcepts. They discovered the internet and dryconcepts. They discovered the internet and dryconcepts. They discovered the internet and dryconcepts. They discovered the internet and dryconcepts. They discovered the internet and dryconcepts. They discovered the internet and dryconcepts. They discovered the internet and dryconcepts. They discovered the internet and dryconcepts. They discovered the internet and dryconcepts. They
discovered the internet and dryconcepts. Theycode.FamilyDiana.com L Oops!
They ili!
William, welcome to Jack in the box.
I'm Jack, can I be happy to fill your order if you know what I mean?
I'd like a Jack burger and a large fries.
Sorry, pal, we're cleaning the grease fryer.
We don't have any French fries today.
Okay, uh, they're just gonna be a small order of fries, please.
Look, Chief, maybe you didn't hear me.
I said we don't have any f***ing fries today, so how about something else?
Okay, then, uh, just give me an order of fries.
Listen up, pal.
Who put the straw and straw, Barry?
That you did.
That's right, nature did.
Who put the ape and ape ricotta?
That you did.
That's right, nature did.
Now listen carefully.
Who put the freak in French fries?
There ain't no freak in French fries.
That's what I've been trying to tell you, but breath.
There ain't no freak in French fries.
Don't get out of my sight before I shove your teeth so far down your f***ing throat.
You'll have to sit on the Jack Burger to eat it.
No, I'm gonna have a nice day.
Let me take you down to the station where strawberry fields
while making dry keels.
And nothing seems to dry mouth.
Strawberry rehab forever.
Living is easy for sports, proud.
Who put the families in the seats?
I'm super stock and get messed up, but he can still cash out.
If he can hit 293.
And he won't come down, because he loves his tool.
When strawberry fields, he's making dry keels.
As long as he can hit about, strawberry stash last forever.
Now when he's swinging at strike three,
I'll bet he must be high on blow.
And all the little kids will think that it's alright
to get real high and grab a bat.
Let me take you down to the station where strawberry fields
while making dry keels.
They're never gonna take him out.
Strawberry rehab forever.
Strawberry rehab forever.
He'll probably relapse forever.
Hello, girl, how are you?
I'm doing good.
I'm doing good.
I'm doing good.
I'm doing good.
I'm doing good.
I'm doing good.
I'm doing good.
I'm doing good.
Ladies and gentlemen,
please welcome the two newest New York Yankees
Darrell Strawberry.
I'm the Doctor Gooden.
And the personal coach, Steve Howell.
Howell.
That's what I'd like to know.
That goodens in the wind up.
The strawman snorts the line up.
He's drooling like a dog who heard a bell.
He's high as a lab rat from smoking the cracket of bat.
He doesn't like cocaine just likes the way it smells.
Snort and A ball.
Darrell's rolling up a 20 snort and A ball.
And he's giving good and planning.
They lick the 20 dollar bill.
Their teeth are grinding like a peppermil.
Going A ball.
Out the hole and pills.
Steve Howell is in the bullpen.
His nostrils are wide open.
He's so fucked up.
He thinks he's on the braves.
He gets advice from Doc.
And Doc prescribed some rock.
So first he blew a line into any bluda.
Safe.
Snort and A ball.
They abused the magic powder snort and A ball.
Sprinkle it on that clam chowder.
Prescription, scuffle, pet you will refill.
They do it in the pool if they had gills.
Going A ball.
Out the hole and pills.
For that money.
A ball.
Out the hole and pills.
I like to welcome you all aboard.
This is your manager.
Hi, blocker.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
Sworse and disco.
Sworse and Aiki breaking fever, too.
This is Ella and me.
If I got a hit, a stupid little song will get on die.
But it's all next to me out of nowhere.
Looks like it's shell-frozen, nothing.
This song's sure of people.
And I'm sure it's catchy.
It's gotta be making money.
But it's for Christmas and me.
And I wonder if I hear it every day.
The rest of my whole life.
When a snappy DJ and rose this song.
I'm dangerous because to a radio squad.
But I turned it off quick with a score bar.
All I wanna do is dash this song.
I gotta feel it and I'm not the only one.
But I wanna do is load my gun.
Get me an SCD.
I'll put some home one.
It's load on the news.
It's over done.
It gives me a headache.
And I'm not the only one.
All I wanna do is dash this tune.
And when this song comes on,
It's a stereo right out of my car.
And if my home is one,
With my hair right out and kicked me real hard.
I wanna feel it and I'm not the only one.
I wanna feel it and I'm not the only one.
Cause I can't get back to sleep.
Yeah, it's been a long time.
Channet Chances really we.
But I gotta do something.
Sort of not at all in law.
Now you're asking me why.
And it's making you cry for.
So you know you know I said it and why.
And you down every reason you say I'm a boy.
I try to go to when you try in the high.
So I can give you a feeling for it and for.
I wanna fiddle in the night.
I won't let you go to sleep.
If you make me a beat,
I won't make another beat.
I want some rabbit and growth.
Cause I'm out of control.
You're and we are new.
We don't have the same goal.
I turn a whole lot of back into night.
Now I'm tired and I don't wanna talk anymore.
But one yet won't ruin the life.
I wake you up in the morning for my big encore.
I know I'm not getting nothing.
So I'm not gonna lie.
Take a look at my smile.
So my don't go blind.
I can't dig in the night.
I can't dig in the night.
I can't dig in the night.
I can't dig in the night.
I won't let you go to sleep.
Number 26 and 560 WQM.
Happy Thanksgiving from all your Pysons,
all your close personal friends at QAM.
Tom Layman speaking of close personal friends,
our buddy and Hall of Pontiac GMC,
our pride to announce the grade Neal Rogers,
Neal Deal 0% sale.
That's right with a proof credit from GMAC.
You can get zero, what is it, zero down payment?
That's what I said.
And zero percent financing and all 2002 and 2003
Pontiacs and GMC models, plus zero payments for 90 days.
Or if you like, take a remade of up to five grand.
And as always, it hallowed zero hassles
when you shop for a car there.
Don't forget to mention you heard about the Neal Deal
and save even more because they love me.
They love the show.
They love Carlos and they used to love Miguel.
Check out the complete line of gas,
gasoline GMC SUVs,
including the envoy voted by Motor Trends SUV
the year and the new Pontiac Vibe SUV
that's got the power of a big sports car
and will just puke that gas out.
Halen's also got a big selection
of dependable use cars,
trucks and SUVs.
And like I always tell you,
why do I say like I always tell you
because you know why?
Because I always tell you.
If somebody else turns you down for credit
when you apply to buy a car,
if everybody else turns you down for credit,
this is the place to turn because they'll cut you deal.
It's the great Neal deals.
They're a percent sale going on right now at Haled.
134.01 South Dixie Highway.
That's US-1 right across from the falls open
every single day of your life, seven days a week.
For more information called the Neal Deal Hotline Tool 3,
1-885-344-4211.
That's 1-885-344-4211
for Haled Potty Egg GMC who are
who be professional grade.
I am the local of this business.
It's 560.
The radio's on your side.
Thank you, Ian.
Why don't you go back to Cuba?
You're a spit bastard.
Hey, like a sad old color people.
Hey, like a rainbow color people.
Yes.
I'm not.
It's all the bloody blood.
Simpson and Kato back from a burger in fries and a restaurant near.
A noise in the rear of James Nathbyn.
Dropping his socks near the bed but there's so many things.
Clatching some hair from the surface.
What's the blood come from?
All the so much blood come from the blood.
New King Rich does the hanky paint.
New King Rich has a spanky wanky.
New King Rich does the hanky paint.
New King Rich does the hanky paint.
We thought he always found his blood.
He's built Clinton about it all the time.
They call it womanizing low life slime.
But newbies chase and billies all around the nest.
That's why the shirts are talking his hair as a mess.
All right, here we go on the deck.
Let's go.
Oh, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, the committee would like to know, are those hot your shoes sticking out from
money to death?
I see.
Oh, okay.
They're not.
Oh, the committee sees no impropriety.
They'll be no further destiny.
I saw him working on his pick up life.
You come here often, baby.
Watch your side.
I'm pretty, I'm Republican and all alone.
Ain't funny, baby.
Can I give you the phone?
Who would have thought I'd never would have thought that?
Come here, baby.
You mean the Jewish and big rubber band?
Blue King, which does the hanky panky?
Blue King, which does the hanky panky?
Blue King has his hanky wanky?
Blue King, which does the hanky?
We bar, we always thank his mother's name.
Blue King, which does the hanky panky?
Blue King, which does the hanky panky?
Blue King, which does the hanky panky?
Blue King, which does the hanky panky?
Blue King, which does the hanky panky?
Blue King, which does the hanky panky?
Blue King, which does the hanky panky?
Blue King, which does the hanky panky?
Blue King, which does the hanky panky?
Blue King, which does the hanky panky?
Short and balanced and safely,
The girl with empty steam keeps smoking
And when she passes, she flips her ass and goes
When she smokes, she's like the chimney
That shoots up clouds on smear, so nasty
That when she passes, she passes gas and goes
Oh, but she wants to quit badly
Caught, finger-picked, chunky, longers
Yes, she would give them a gladly
But each day when she has to go pee
She sits on the can and lives free
Short and balanced and safely,
The girl with empty steam muggles smoking
And when she passes, she smiles with big yellow teeth
Oh, but she will miss her smoky
Oh, gas she tells where she's going
Yeah, she would give them a gladly
But each day when she has to go pee
She sits on the can and lives free
Short and balanced and safely,
The girl with empty steam muggles smoking
And then she flashes that smile with big yellow teeth
And dunk on the need
She just cannot breathe, it's only a week
Can I have a life please?
No
11.32 till noon at 5.60 WQA
And we're all choked up a lot of cos it's thanksgiving
Had dog at 1, Hank at 3, the big O
7 o'clock tonight
And then you got the shico panther preview with 10 panthers
At the Kings out on the west coast, 10.30
Night ESPN radio overnight
Which will be, well we should have a lot of ESPN radio
Next 24 hours, don't we?
Man, 1.30 to 6 in the morning overnight
And then tomorrow after Hagen and Curtis
And how come my Dave Hagen's got his last name on here?
Is there a special reason for that?
He's moving up in the world?
No, seriously, how come it just says Hagen?
It's got Curtis and Vlad and Hagen like I don't get it.
Maybe it's Tom Hagen.
Anyway, they're going to be on 6 to 9 tomorrow morning
You definitely want to miss that.
And speaking of definitely mark on your calendar
To sleep in late, the beast is going to be doing the show tomorrow
24 hours 9 to 1
Shocking, 1 to 5 speaking of embarrassment
The big old comes back again tomorrow afternoon
And then we got ESPN radio all the way through the fire
Friday morning
Monday racing's back at Pompo-do Park
Pompo-do's now before I do the spot
Should I do the pull?
411 votes on the pool like I said, it's changing again
Come on, get with it, 413
What would you like to hear on QAM 6 to 9 in the morning?
Ricken said 172
I wouldn't listen no matter what, 67
The first team Joe Gellie and D-Fo 65
Classical music 28
Ron and Ron 22
I'm happy with mode 20
Paul Castanovo at 20 and Bob at Tom 19
They're moving up, they're running edge
Like I just started to say Monday night harness racing's back at Pompo-do Park
That means four nights a week they're doing it for you
Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday
First post time 715 in the PM
Free general parking and free grandstand
And free clubhouse admission every afternoon at Pompo-do Park
And don't forget, if Monday racing's back at Pompo-do Park
There's got to be a free spaghetti night coming up
And that's this coming Monday December the 2th
With every Pompo-do park where I'm purchased this Monday after 6 p.m.
You're going to coupon good for a free spaghetti dinner
On the fourth floor players lounge like doesn't get much better than that
Bring your own glass for your teeth and your own polo that please
And this Saturday November 30th
It's family fun at the track with three prize drawings for adults
Three many horse rides, popcorn, gifts, face painting
And a magic show for kids all starting at 7 p.m.
Why not come out for evening or great harness racing action?
Groot home will win it from the rail, treat yourself to a private boxy on the fourth floor
Or enjoy a Ben and Jerry hotpot Sunday or slice of a lot of these pizza
And don't forget the Broward County Fairs and away at Pompo-do Park
Through December 1, make it a double header with a trip to the fair and night of the races
And of course if you want to really outstanding meal, the 6th floor top of the park dining room is open
With nightly specials, the best seafood, steaks and private room dinners in down
And you'll have a great time up there
There's also a great audience can eat buffet on the fourth floor players lounge
Only 1095 per person and don't that's every racing night
And don't forget every day, seven days a week you got full card-simal casting
Starting at noon with Highly Harness and Thurber Racing action from all over North America
Pompo-do Park don't forget live racing what they use it
Wednesday, live racing tonight and four nights a week
Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday
Free Clubhouse, free grandstand mission, post time, 715 at Pompo-do Park
Monday, Wednesday, Saturday, Friday
We're sports radio 560, 2AM
Get off your duck
The mad dog is out of control and you'll find out why
When you hear the latest release from Blackbuster Entertainment
Jim Maddidge sings duet
Ralph, I'll ride
Run around in the feet
Ralph, I'll ride
Hear the mad dog, Jim Maddidge sings classic rock
I'll ride
I'll ride
I'll ride
I'll ride
I'll ride
I'll ride
I'll ride
I'll ride
I'll ride
I'll ride
I'll ride
I'll ride
I'll ride
I'll ride
At first, Jim said he felt a little bit cool
I don't like it, a little bit more
But now he said, I like it
I like it
The mad dog just can't kiss enough with that cottage cheese bun
If he wants me to sing God Bless the American face decent of G-string up here, I'll do it
You got so much better than I know
That is all right
I'll ride
Listen to the mad dog sing himself happy
I'll ride
I'll ride
I'll ride
I'll ride
You maddidge sings duet
Available now at all blockfusters stores
I'll ride
I'll ride
I'll ride
We dance like seasons we sing
Like roses but we must tell you
We swear we're not gay if you want
These outfits are clueless
They will kick your ass
Right, Tom!
We got less
We swear we're not gay
We look like candy or designer
Leasing life up a chapini whiter
A push game
Our agent says we gotta say
We swear we're not gay
Our biggest fans don't swell your old girls
Who think we're as cute as candy
Yeah
But as they get older they all give it out
We're hiding our latency
One thing is for sure we get many joy
We do
We do
While her clothes on the delicate side
Don't you do more such a good choice
We might go but today
We think that we have better sense
We swear we're not gay
I swear we're not gay
How much for a kiss?
How much for a kiss?
Could I get it for a nickel?
Could I get it for a quarter?
It costs more money than I'll miss?
How much for a hug?
Could I get it for a nickel?
Could I get it for a quarter?
It costs more money than I've got?
How much for a quick feel?
How much for a quick feel?
Could I get it for a nickel?
Could I get it for a quarter?
And would I get a good deal?
Can I touch your eye me?
Can I touch your eye me?
Okay!
Could I touch it for a nickel?
Could I touch it for a quarter?
You wouldn't have to remind me!
No.
Ha ha ha.
I've got no money to spend.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
You be my friend.
Ha ha ha.
Time could take us far.
If you'll please get in my car and I'll say, do you?
How much for a job?
How much for a job?
Could I get it for a nickel?
Could I get it for a quarter?
Can I have for a job?
A home job.
Return to Santa.
Return to Santa.
I got a sweater from my grand one.
It was pink and black.
I don't worry be a heartbeat.
What's been said on the back?
He wrote a heart attack.
Return to Santa.
I just sent me cash.
Your tanky sweater.
Okay, me or Ash?
I got a fruit cake and some plant plants.
Her clip is for my nose.
A null bottle of old spice.
Borted iron holes.
He wrote a thunder.
Return to Santa.
Who needs this junk?
Or this year's Christmas?
A realy stung.
He wrote a thunder.
Return to Santa.
Don't need to be rude.
But this Christmas,
I got scroozed.
Return to Santa.
Return to Santa.
Return to Santa.
Oh, yeah, I'm old and grumpy.
But try to understand that I have a problem.
Because I can use my hand.
I only have one hand.
I only have one hand.
I'd like to take my pen and stick it inside.
Despite my comfort, rip it something.
I can't hide.
I can't hide.
I can't hide.
So please vote for me.
A cranky bitter old man.
And if you will make one of me,
I'll slap you like a man.
But only with my good hand.
I only have one hand.
I only have one hand.
Doc, get off this instant.
She looks like a lady.
Walk like a lady.
Talk like a lady.
But I got wise.
There's a difference between the thighs.
Oh, yes, there is a difference between the thighs.
Oh, you showered me with kisses.
I thought you were my queen.
But I noticed something funny.
I saw the bulls in your jeans.
She looked like a lady.
Walk like a lady.
Talk like a lady.
But I got wise.
There's a difference between the thighs.
Oh, yes, there is a difference between the thighs.
You were my perfect lover.
But how I was surprised.
Not only do you have one,
but you're not circumcised.
Oh, she looked like a lady.
Walk like a lady.
Talk like a lady.
But I got wise.
There's a difference between the thighs.
Oh, yes, there is a difference between the thighs.
But critics agree.
This collection of holiday songs may very well be the most moving and memorable of all time.
I'm the wing of a white Christmas.
Just like the words I used to know.
Yes, Candlewax music presents,
Ilmer funds, Christmas classics,
and this 24-record set is truly incredible.
Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way.
Oh, what fun it is to hide in a one-horse open sway.
Oh, what fun you'll have hearing these timeless classics,
performed by America's most beloved hunter of rabbits.
Wood off the wet nose-wained deer,
had a very shiny nose,
and if you ever saw it,
you would even say it was.
Ilmer funds, Christmas classics,
not available in stores,
and when you receive your set in the mail,
you'll know why.
Hello, everybody.
I shall hope you like my Christmas classics.
So call toll-free.
1-800-1.
Operators are standing by.
Santa Claus is coming to town.
It's 1156 at 560 W.A.
I'm happy Thanksgiving.
It's a big yearly extravaganza.
Oh!
440 votes on a pool today,
in our very important scientific pool.
What would you like to hear on QA in between 6 and 9 in the morning?
Ricken says 180.
I wouldn't listen no matter what.
71.
The first team got 71 for Joe Gellie and D.
And then it's way down.
Classical music 29,
Bob and Tom 23,
and they were late edition.
I'm happy with Mo 23.
Ron and Ron 22,
and Paul Castorinovo is in last place.
No.
Yes, 21 for Paul Castorinovo.
You not shocking to you?
No.
Thanksgiving is tomorrow
if you're traveling or the family is coming to you.
The last thing you want is to go to the airport and have to start looking for a place to park.
And when you finally find one,
it's usually about 20 miles to where you have to go.
Nationalimos can change all of that for you.
They'll arrive at your location on time
in a brand new sedan,
limo van, whatever you need,
to take you wherever you have to go.
Hasselfree.
Nationalimos not only takes care of your transportation in town,
but anywhere in the world.
So when you arrive at your destination,
Nationalimos will be there waiting for you.
Carl Nationalimos at 1-877-376-3200,
the call is free.
Now's the time to start planning on how you're going to get to and from all those holiday parties too.
So let Nationalimos get you there and back safely and conveniently,
in other words, alive.
And for your sports fans out there,
there's no better way to get to and from the game than in one of Nationalimos Superstretch limousines or luxury coaches,
when everybody else is going nuts fighting the traffic.
So don't forget, if you're looking for way to get to the airport,
the game will just night around town.
Do what I do call Nationalimos toll free.
1-877-376-3200.
Tell that Neal for you to call you at 10% off on your first airport service,
or a free hour of chartered limousine service, whichever you prefer.
1-877-376-3200 for Nationalimos.
I can go.
This is sports waiting on bicycle.
QAM.
Where are it beaded 12-1 hour on WQAM?
Hello.
Hello, I was calling about the wab at your half assail in a paper.
OK.
What kind of wab at your are they?
OK, I have some lost.
Yeah.
And I have some lost.
Some spotted lost.
And some solid colored lost.
Oh, wonderful.
And I have a straight ear show.
And I have two dwarfs.
What a dwarf.
Here's small reddy.
Oh, OK.
We have a farm.
And we like to play with the wab at your farm.
You wouldn't have any like little wab at handcuffs.
Any what?
Little handcuffs for the wab at.
Oh, handcuffs.
Yes.
Oh, so I never heard of it.
But what?
Well, we use them when we hunt them on the farm.
We like to hunt the wab at.
And we take them and nail them to a tree by their ears and skin them alive.
There was.
Hello.
And now I think that's what you go to a taste rabbit, sir.
I couldn't say you're rabbit.
We have a little game we play called all wabits must die.
No, sir, no, sir, no, sir.
I wouldn't say you're rabbit.
A fuzz, fifty dollars.
I like to hunt the wab at.
Well, it's OK.
You go out in the wild and you hunt rabbits.
The phase aren't to kill.
I like to put them in a little pin and then hunt them down unmasively.
No, sir, I'm sorry.
And say you're rabbit.
Sometimes we even spare them to the head with a rusty water.
Thank you for going to Santa Claus' eyeline.
To hear what Santa does to the elves during the offseason,
press one to try to miss his class, press two to...
Oh, Santa!
Squeeze my toys.
Oh, yes.
I love your long, hard, sleigh.
I want to fondle your balls of holly.
Eat my fruitcake.
Oh, yes.
Yes.
Let me ride your reindeer.
Ride him, Christmas cowboy.
This Santa Claus is coming to town.
Oh, yeah.
Ah!
Well, I bought some new potato chips because they ain't got any fat.
But an hour after I ate them in the John I sat,
I knew they had some side of fix, but I thought I'd take a chance.
But right after I swallowed them, I felt my colon dance.
I ate all this junk, my bowels began to seize.
I'm in the canus, squatting with my pants around my knees.
I ate all this junk, now I'm afraid it's knees.
Because of my feels, I've been disgusting running down my knees.
Well, I should've seen that morning that they put on the bag.
And I should've been suspicious when the clerk gave me a rag.
So if you eat them, don't be surprised if your belly hurts.
And in about an hour you'll have the Eulestra Scourts.
I ate all this junk, my bowels began to seize.
I'm in the canus, squatting with my pants around my knees.
I ate all this junk, now I'm afraid it's knees.
Because of my feels, I've been disgusting running down my knees.
This holiday season, it's the classic story of how one mean old person
who hated this time of year had a change of heart.
The JCC proudly presents.
How the Shmuckstoll Hanukkah, every Jew down in Jewville,
liked Hanukkah a bunch, except the guy who lived just off.
Who they all called the Shmuck.
The Shmuck needed Hanukkah since the day he was born.
If you ask him why, he'd just say, get off my lawn!
No one knew why, he was full of this mush.
But if you ask me, it was because he had a bolt of his douche.
Yes, the classic story of Dr. Shoes comes to life.
See how he hatches his sinister plan.
Then with a grin, the Shmuck yield out.
Here it comes, I'll go down to Jewville and steal Hella Weeka.
Hey, it rhymes.
So he took all the presents, it days with the boxes,
and he took all their canals, and he took all their loxies.
Weakness the magic, as the Shmuck sees the true meaning of Hanukkah.
But the Jews were crying, though the Jews still was gone.
He thought they'd be sad, but the Shmuck he was wrong.
Then the Shmuck smiled brightly as he looked at them.
Maybe Hanukkah means more than just candles and fling.
So the Shmuck came down to Jewville, with presents in hand,
and every Jew came to greet him, every Jew in the land.
I brought back your gifts, I hope you're not sorrow.
I brought back your dreitos, your ties and menores.
The Jews pondered about what they wanted to do,
and then the Mayor Jew said, I'd guide them soon.
They said they'd sue for so much.
The list was real high.
We all say, you Shmuck, we all need you to die.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
But then they all laughed, showing they were good sports.
See, we were just joking.
Swoaked a judge, Mr. Shlops, then the Shmuck sang with the Jews
and danced until late, and at the end of the night, he lit candle eight.
So don't miss, how the Shmuck stall, Hanukkah.
This production is rated...
The Shmuck stall, Hanukkah.
The Shmuck stall, Hanukkah.
Her breath smells like bile, she got crust in her eye.
She smells like a urinal, that attracts lots of flies.
When she sits on the porch, she picks the scab underneath.
Her teeth are brown, when she smiles, she's a trailer trash woman for me.
She has lies up above, she's got crabs down beneath.
I called a trailer and woke the family.
Her father's her brother, her uncle's her grapese,
but I don't care, she's the trailer trash woman for me.
Oh, she never bathes herself, she looks like a smile.
Her nose is running so slow.
Oh, her hairy gun hangs out, she has twelfth teeth, she has sweaty behind.
Brackdom.
She wipes her mouth on a shirt when she's beaten.
She stings at the time of the month that she's bleeding.
She has a hairier chest than lube from taxi.
I can't put this love on the shelf, she's the trailer trash woman for me.
All right, girl, you know what I mean?
It's from the bottom of my heart.
No one is as special as you to me.
That's why you are mine.
Trailer trash woman in me.
Brings it to your eye, donut.
12.09 at 5.60 W.A.M., happy Thanksgiving to you.
452 votes on a poll pretty impressive.
What would you like to hear, 6.9 A.M. on W.A.M.?
Ricken suds 182 over 40%.
How do you like that?
Oh, I wouldn't listen no matter what, 75.
They're a busy, they're doing something else.
The first team, Joe Gellie in D.F.O. 73,
and after that it's like small potatoes.
It's erased for last place.
Classical music 29.
Ron and Ron 24, we don't even exist.
I'm happy with mode 24, Bob and Tom 23, and Paul Kat.
Oh, I see a gag, try to say it.
Paul Katz to it.
No.
Bo, he's in last place.
Your second win, Paul 22.
Tight battle for Lansdow.
Don't forget tonight's a big night at Treasure Island,
George's office week, he's on vacation, but it's never a rally,
no matter what.
pneumonia, vacation, nothing keeps him away from Treasure Island.
Carlos will be there, praying it.
Pull my hat down over your head, Carlos, that couldn't hurt.
And Miguel will be there, who I'm sure will be in a better place.
He's still there.
I don't have any.
Okay.
Well, I see you're probably is upset because he's got such a tough assignment today.
Now, if you guys were smart, you would have had food brung in.
Do you get food in there?
Huh?
Brung in.
Maybe had it brung in.
Drug in.
You'd have had drugs in food brung in.
Anyway, five to seven at Treasure Island night,
they'll all be there, all the horny and desparado's,
and Miguel too, because he wants the free booze, and wants to get paid too.
Treasure Island just north of the 120 seconds to re-exit off the Palmetto,
five to seven this afternoon, drink specials in a crappy QN prizes too.
It's here, the holiday shopping season, everywhere you go, traffic, lines, parking,
hassles, if you need a new mattress, do we really want to be outslipping around?
No.
Of course not.
So do what I did call the vetting experts in one 800 mattress.
That's the number to get you in touch with dial amateurs.
Now is the time to call one 800 mattress, get you new mattress today
and sleep like a baby tonight.
Dial amateurs curious the area's largest inventory of top quality
seely, service, Simmons and King Cole mattresses.
I haven't slept in on a dial amateurs for years, and I can guarantee you personally
they are the best.
And delivery, unbeatable.
You get same day delivery, evenings, weekends, and most holidays.
They've got a 99% on time delivery record.
Call now, have you new mattress and is a little as two hours?
Or choose to date and time, most convenient for you.
Do you not like the cable company that gives you that eight hour window
and still hasn't show up?
Plus, they take away the crappy old vetting inside of the brand new one.
And if your snowboard just come and vacuated that old mattress and have you
relax on a brand new one, you'll be sleeping better than you do at home.
Call dial amateurs now, toll free, 1-800-MACRUS.
That's 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S, avoid the holiday shoppers.
Don't waste time schlepping from store to store for the best mattress
and even better prices.
It's 1-800-MACRUS for dial amateurs.
The easiest possible way to buy a bed.
Line and local, we're sports radio five-sixties, you and you, A-M.
A WQA, go f**k yourself!
There's a smell that's not who needs it if you can't bud you saying.
Things are spread going where this guy is really a jerk who's saying.
Watch those guy classes fly, hold on a counter this guy who's saying.
When you're feeling your pain, remember who you should think who's saying.
Me to slap while this crap off the mat who's saying.
For a while it was gone and then this guy gets a ton of saying.
Took his show on the road got everybody to be old who's saying.
Now he's getting his news for causing everyone's blues to say.
I'm not saying.
Figure it out and make sure it likes the blockade who's saying.
Me to slap while this crap off the mat who's saying.
Me to slap while this crap off the mat who's saying.
Me to slap while this crap off the mat who's saying.
Me to slap while this crap off the mat who's saying.
No subtle hiding, a lot more than those.
They say their weapons, a vast destruction.
I say we say a couple megatons while we're right.
In the Gulf War, let him off the hook.
I think it's time to give his butter wool.
So it's time to blow those B ones up on their eyes.
On their eyes till there's nothing left to see on their eyes.
Till Saturn 6B deep on their eyes.
Blow up the cream while they're up.
And they say it got some germs and chemicals that burn.
I'm losing my love in my bones, stars.
If we live the pair, we're gonna be well.
Because some of them smells won't be good.
I'm here up, I'm bringing to an end I'm here up.
I'm blowing up again I'm here up.
I'm on CNN, I'm here up.
Here.
Blow up the cream while they're up.
I'm toast to the stove and blow up the cream while they're up.
I'm here to kick them down, I'm here up.
If your toothpaste doesn't taste great, your kids don't brush long enough.
Which could lead to ugly tartar buildup.
The solution, regular checkups and brushing with new crust.
The tartar control toothpaste laced with crack cocaine.
Hey, shine almost got in there.
Brush and get brush, brushing.
Crust is not only clinically proven, it's also highly addictive.
See your kids will brush and brush and brush and brush and brush and brush and brush.
Come on Billy, it's been 45 minutes.
Bushing, look at this, and brushing.
If you're not careful you're gonna wear those teeth down to little lemon.
Oh god no!
I'm gonna brush on.
Almost got a crust.
Cook your kids on a healthy habit for life.
Bushing with new crust with crack cocaine.
Sure I'm gonna be late for work now, but it's good to see Billy brushing.
Get out old man, this is a crotchacking.
Billy, what are you doing?
I sit out.
Billy, where are you going?
Got to pull the cart to get more crust.
New crust toothpaste laced with crack cocaine.
Recommended by 9 out of 10 drug addicts.
Take a sip, propil this Christmas and before you're feeling ill.
You see, and tracks and you make tracks and your prescription fill.
Intract.
Take a sip, propil this Christmas so you won't be feeling bad.
Don't unlock the mail box till you gobble down a tab.
Oh, shall the rubber gloves on my hands or me?
Somebody hold a cup while I take a pee.
Have a sip, propil this Christmas so you don't disappear.
It's a patriotic and Thai biotic Christmas this year.
Sats is zapped all the presents with gamma rays from his new radiation machine kids.
They're as safe as a hamburger.
They've been powdered by the founders for hours.
Take a sip, propil this Christmas, hide one inside your Brazil.
Or a patriotic and Thai biotic Christmas this year.
All right.
Hi, I'm Erin Somers.
You know what?
You got me talking on the passion phone.
All the gas mass-brained deer got them from the CDC.
I still remember getting my first candy from my grandfather.
It was worthless original and I was sworn I remember it like it was only yesterday.
Hey Billy, let's play a game.
What?
Guess what I'm getting my bucket.
A piece of candy.
Hey.
Garded by a snake.
Red goose.
Grandpa, I don't want to play this game anymore.
Okay.
Let's play the candy in the crevice.
Oh, Grandpa, I don't want his mouth when you put it there.
Yes, those games with grandpa scarred me for life.
Which is why now that I'm the grandfather, I'm scouring a whole new generation with worthless original.
Hey, Timmy.
Say hi to Wet Willy, the worthless wonderworm.
Oh no, not the Wonderworm.
Worthless original.
Giving children nightmares for over 60 years.
Come on 25 with 560 WQAM.
We got 476 votes on a pool.
It's getting tense.
Isn't it getting tight?
Wow.
On the S-end, it's getting tight.
I mean, up top.
What would you like to hear on QAM 6.9 AM?
Ricken said it's 191.
I wouldn't listen no matter what you guys did.
79.
They got the other commitments.
The first team, Joe Geldy and DFO 77.
Classical music after that, after those top three.
Way down.
Classical music 30.
I'm happy with mode 27.
Ron and Ron 26 who don't even exist.
No, Mo.
Bob and Tom 24, they're moving up the ladder after the lead start.
And Paul Castro.
Oh.
Vogue.
Still second winning last place with 22.
See, I hate to break the news to you, Paul.
No matter how many set up calls you make to PD Lenny.
In fact, why we even waste your time calling PD Lenny?
He don't hire anybody.
And he sure as hell having him call here, I don't hire anybody.
Etc.
I don't get involved.
Why not be a man and call Muff, okay?
And at sound, you're going to hear his probably
get the dial tone on the other end.
Only a real man's got the balls to call Muff, you know what I'm saying?
26 pass known at 560 WQAM.
You don't have to be a real man or woman or anything else.
I think I do it to be breathing to benefit from a great new product called oleomed.
Oleomed Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of the purest olive oil
that money can buy combined with good things.
Vitamins, minerals, herbals, other nutrients, scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions
to help you support specific health needs.
And look for oleomed's three great new formulas.
There's one to help you sleep.
One to help you control your weight and coq 10, which is stupendous for your heart,
your pulse rate, all of these things.
I'll use the benefits of pharmaceutical rate olive oil the best you'll find.
Oleomed is a great new product that's good for you and you can pick some up today right now.
At public's, records and Walgreens, if you want to get more information about all of their products
and what they do for you, call Oleomed Toolfree at 1-866-Oleomed.
That's 1-866-6536-3633.
You can order their product and get more information on their website too with oleomedamerica.com.
And please don't forget, as if you possibly could.
If you visit nearest publics and buy an Oleomed product and date a brow,
you can get a coupon for a free Larry Coker Bobblehead doll, a lot of supplies last.
And also, don't forget to visit these sampling pavidian sports done every Sunday,
when it often be playing home games.
And there you can pick up some product information and free oleomed samples too.
Start poppins of oleomed in your place for good health today.
My, my, and look all this is Sports Real 560.
Way to lay.
This Ron and Ron.
And now here's Timmy Dean, founder of Timmy Dean Pork Sausage, with a few words about new Timmy Dean Bagel sandwiches.
Hello, I'm Timmy Dean.
You know, as someone who told me 25 years ago that I'd be making bagels, I'd have said,
huh? That's ju-food, isn't it?
But times have changed, and I guess I've got to change with them.
But I don't have to like it.
You people want your bagels, I'll give you your bagels.
Well, the Bagel Greece's slab of Timmy Dean pork sausage on it.
New Timmy Dean non-coaster bagel sandwiches.
If you're Jewish, you can buy them.
You just can't eat them.
New Timmy Dean bagel sandwiches.
There's a little bit of bigot in everybody.
Each meal presents a family story.
Two elderly women come from Cuba on a mission.
Armed with only stale, sureless candies.
And a yacht'sy board, they must bring back a young boy.
By any means necessary.
Fill his George's mollia la Quintana and Charlotte Ray as Wickel Rodriguez.
NHBOs, Lasabuelas, the Grandmothers.
If you don't give us the boy, we're gonna chop you up into little croquettes.
Forget about Uncle Faneir.
He's in the joints for rackets and in charges.
Where the new accelerers in town.
Isula Familia, redevi-
Each bill is Lasabuelas, the Grandmothers.
Sunday night to Tim, 9 central.
I, the me, I got the gas really bad.
The Grandmothers.
It's a new Microsoft Xbox.
It's a new Microsoft Xbox.
It's a new Microsoft Xbox.
It's a new Microsoft Xbox.
It's a new Microsoft Xbox.
It's a new Microsoft Xbox.
It's a new Microsoft Xbox.
It's a new Microsoft Xbox.
It's a new Microsoft Xbox.
It's a new Microsoft Xbox.
It's a new Microsoft Xbox.
Khaley Ladison 1500 $
Merit dog criminal
Hey, hey, young and dull-ish, why the hell don't you go home?
And stop all of that whining, rumble the crazy yousio, go back if you will with your papa,
where you can play in the mud, we'll pack the beans and then roll out us,
just go away we're all fed up, hey, hey, young and dull-ish, why don't you go home?
hey, hey, young and dull-ish, go home and you go home, hey, hey, young and dull-ish, why the hell don't you go home?
go home and we'll pack the beans and then roll out us, I don't want to go back, I like shopping for three toys better
you've got your Pokemon, G-shirt, and your Mickey's house here, you've had your fun, now start packing, so they can get you outta here
it's at the point where we can stand it, everybody's had enough of all the hooleos and crackers, who put your dull-ish, far-ad-duck
hey, hey, hey, young and dull-ish, why don't you go home?
hey, hey, young and dull-ish, go home and we'll pack the beans and then roll out us, I really like it, they're giving away free-ass-in-h green cards, can I have one?
in theaters next year, and this is true, we're not making it up, it's Rambble 4, again they're actually writing this thing now
Sylvester Stallone reprises his role of former green-vare John Rambble, get this, they've got the 55-year-olds Stallone, parachuting into Afghanistan to do battle with the Taliban and head terrorist Osama bin Laden
the part of the bin Laden will be played by the cab driver from wings, here's a scene from this riveting piece of Americana
hey Osama, I'm gonna put him in your head
what? what's he saying? I don't know, I got nothing on it
what's he saying to me? I don't know if he's dead, say it again, Rambble
hey, you're not gonna put him in your head, you think you're done?
I still don't understand what you're saying, could you know?
I got nothing
what do you hook down phonic? Say it, say it
hey, boy, I put him over there, he said it absolutely
he said it absolutely
I think I heard Adrian, why do I care about Adrian absolutely?
take your slaggy bulbs and get out of here
Rambble for, sometime next year, unless Hollywood comes to their freaking senses
since this 70s revival, it's a common scene in many doctors offices
you gotta tell me please, why can't I dance?
well I'm afraid you have white man in gypsy
white man in gypsy, a tragic affliction causing so many to give up trying to get down
and alive, oh yeah, and alive
the symptoms are easy to spot, the inability to snap your fingers or clap your hands
anywhere near the beat of muses
wow, what a cool, take your spades
we're singing causes in instant gag reaction, all of us standing next to you
oh my god
and of course when you're out, no one wants to stand next to you
hi guys
Wait, wait, wait, what's up?
Let's go back
We wish we could say there's hope for white man in gypsy
but there is it, he only recommended course of action in rhythmic abstinence
well, it must be something you can do
no, just stop what you're doing, you're embarrassing me hell out of us
and thank you
The record stores now, it's the most repulsive Christmas album you'll ever hear.
Ali McBeal purges all the Christmas favorites.
Listen to it while eating fruit cakes.
He was caught by cops in Hollywood.
They say that he was up to no good.
Fans on that crying he caused a big mob when you got a hooker and got a blow job.
Get a hooker and get a blow job.
In the backseat she went down on his knob.
Got a hooker and got a blow job.
English don't have sex they drink too much tea.
Unless you're part of the royal family.
But you've got not like that he's no regal snob.
So he got a hooker he got a blow job.
Get a hooker and get a blow job.
In the backseat she went down on his knob.
Got a hooker and got a blow job.
Oh my god.
Yeah you got a blow job.
He was a hooker.
Jesus, I'm so close.
I'm just so close to him playing with you.
What's the crap they played on the whole?
That's power.
What a garbage.
The kids today don't know what's good.
Like that song I'm happy I live in a split level head.
You remember that?
How can you listen?
I'm happier I live in the split level head.
I'm happier I live in a split level head.
You don't remember that?
No.
Why am I so rounded by morons?
Come on howie.
Don't you go be howie.
There's nothing to put an agent on you pal.
You're so not fatso.
Okay that's it.
You're all tired.
You can't still be the fool but
listen to me you're tired.
Get that ghost for you too.
You know who I am?
I can keep a foul red eyes.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
I came down here after losing my child
but to be a big fish.
In a little part.
When they kicked me off the espion they told me
don't come back again.
I had some problems with wise guys who advised I move to
paradise.
Yeah.
Fire.
That's the only way.
I got one spot.
You're all fired.
And I hope that kids must run dives.
I hope he dies.
I hope you all die.
I'm a big fish in a little plant to see.
A big fish in a little plant.
Anybody else sitting here me?
I'm a big fish in a little plant.
A big fish in a little plant.
Yeah!
What is that?
Anybody in there?
Come down Howard.
What do you say we go have some nice sushi?
Okay.
Talk 40 20 20 to 1 at 560 WQM.
How is that pool coming approaching 500 votes?
Pretty impressive votes you say.
Yeah not bad.
Who would you like to hear on QM 6 to 9 AM?
498 votes to be exact.
Rick and suds 202.
40 and a half percent.
I wouldn't listen no matter what 82.
First team Joe Gaudi in D4 79.
Classical music 31.
Bob and Tom 27.
Ron and Ron 27.
I'm happy with Mo 27.
Three way tie there for like second to last.
And Paul Castro.
Bo, he's a second wind again in last place only 23.
I think that seals the meal Paul.
The answer is absolutely no chance.
Get lost.
You know what it comes to eating in good food.
There's so many good restaurants to choose from.
But if you're looking for the best deli in Miami, you bet it's her bets.
Her bets has been slicing it and pitting it on thick for over 30 years now.
It's New York style deli and it's finest with her bets homemade pea soup.
Delicious daily specials on the best best yummy corn beet and brisket under the sun.
Her bets has even got the pickles, the course log, cucumber salad,
on the table like the good old days before you old people but everybody else out of business.
Her bets was even though to the best breakfast and cheap eats restaurant on cityserts.com.
Now's the time to be doing your holiday party needs in her bets.
Does a stupendous, unbeatable job with holiday planters and catering for the whole family for family parties or at the orifice.
Her bets has been serving some of Miami's top corporations for years.
If you order now, mention the Neil Rogers show, you get 10% off your holiday catering order.
And when you do call me sure and say, hey, you're sure that herbie gollum is gone, please.
Can't beat it with a stick. Her bets is located on 79th Avenue just off the Palmetto Expressway.
Call Greg at 305-592-788.
That's 305-592-788 or reach them on that at herbetts.com.
The best deli in Miami, you bet. It's her bets.
My, my, and local. This is 420-06.
You ain't too way, yeah.
Theo, yeah.
All right.
Condoleezza, Condoleezza, Chevron moolee.
With your focke yellow teeth so far apart.
Condoleezza, Condoleezza, what you be doing.
It's the old mash's black, they're token schmutzers, dog.
Is you take, cause you are actin' bootly, bleedin'
Is you deflected and shunned, Miami, who be smart?
Does they like how you shunned their shoes under lethal?
All the way you was and caught the white is cause.
George, it's you, you're say he trust you, can't believe you.
Through stellar allies on the greedy, all alone.
But then he make you clean all the white house bathrooms.
The cup of sea, the toilet, and then scrub the floor.
They tell you don't wear sandals, don't delete them.
Your cold-chipped toenails make them wanna wretchin' you.
Your nappy lady, look just like it's even throw.
It's your pee what you two be, they're token schmutzers.
One day while you pee, flippin' fashkate, you may be loud.
That's a tree in you just like your esterone.
That's when your head will move from side to side, from the lethal.
It's your bush and rummage, they be cracker at home.
Run along to the gate square dance, got a great big zipper in the back of the pants.
Get off my horse at the old barn door, got my saddle burned around, I'm a rat and I'm the horn.
Look inside, closer dancing all around, there goes Johnny and his mother's not down.
All the man left and all the man right, all the man needs is a pillow suit back.
Give your partner a silliest smirk, all join hands for a big circle jerk.
Volunteers all raise your hand, who's gonna be the next pivot man?
In vassier partner home for a drink, lick your lips and give him a wink with a great big smile and a great big nod.
Let him know your gerbos deep flowin'.
And couture is a party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut.
And couture is a party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut.
I'm her back the dark bread.
that's his right name
that's my right name
that's his right name
that is分
that is her
Hello wireless monster of the girl who
wants to be a media Harlem
I'm a person on top quiver, you want more?
On this lady is what I'll give you.
She's got a book to read about slander ring.
Nobody knows for about slander and out
With a big scoop about anyone to the left of Mangala.
Such a good, christian girl, you wanna strangle her?
Fontyfakating who she's hating, political pondit,
Fontyfakating's from on the floor and masturbating.
A Republican's can't keep hold.
She's a better relishimote, making liberal is dirty work, you know?
In a mini skirt show and camel do.
Ant-cultor knows what they can be.
In a mini skirt that spells the sheet.
She's a tall drink of water on the side of a large order
With a back alley look, if you like your broad collar.
If you got the money she'll spread those legs
With a cigarette and a jar of name.
Ant-cultor and culled her political wonders.
The man should all drive her to the PC late.
Olympic ice-capes, man, it's such a dirty trait.
Tongue, you're trice to win.
She was second best and it felt so.
Oh, oh, oh.
Nancy Kerrigan, the bitch was gonna win again.
Tongue, your blocks revamped.
Highest out a henchman.
Oh, oh, oh.
As Nancy Kay was leaving ring,
She's lucked up from behind.
Bang, bang, Tongue, you're still the hammer came down upon her knee.
Bang, bang, Tongue, you're still the hammer made sure.
Or victory.
Olympic little round, Tongue, here's an ugly ground.
Oh, oh, oh, every move.
She can find the groove, she's our balance.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
She forekills the plan, makes her way into the stand murder on her mind.
She has never minded a challenge.
Oh, oh, oh.
The crowd they make a break for the door.
But it's too late to run.
Bang, bang, Tongue, you're still the hammer just smashing in the head.
She will not leave little hammer till every one of them.
2048, Toners at the Palligate, St. Pete checks his book.
He gives her a look and he tells her, now, oh, oh, oh.
She claims she's in a sun blazing up and throws her 50 tonities on the line.
This guy's out of line and he's got to go, oh, oh, oh.
As St. Pete was turning the page, Toner took the rain.
Bang, bang, Tongue, you're still the hammer rang safe.
Peter's bell, looks escaped, can kill no saints in heaven and she wins.
All right.
Yankee, baby.
Well, it comes from the turkey and potatoes in the candy, damn.
Why you pass an appease, your past, you're one crack, boom, bam.
T-A-S Thanksgiving Day.
T-A-S Thanksgiving Day.
T-A-S Thanksgiving Day.
Oh, yeah, thanks, you're being dead.
T-A-S Thanksgiving Day.
What's it crack for me, chairing, canna, men, and barrison, sand?
Give one everyone over, eat, the sand is coming from all the rain.
There's answers to a number of Jimin, Grandpa Charlie.
Mom and dad, little sister, Grandma Molly.
Stratlite on your own, feet, with a family crowd.
Oh, yeah, thanks, Thanksgiving Day.
T-A-S Thanksgiving Day.
Well, if you know, I'd actually just about go to kill it.
Now, what are you saying, Miguel?
It's with painless, wasn't it?
Pretty much.
What call does that mean?
Pretty much.
You are a real join the Georgia and the guys tonight at Treasure Island in 7 and 5 to 7.
Carl also be there, he'll be in a great mood.
See if Miguel is in a better mood by tonight, okay?
Why not?
I don't know.
Somebody must have, he's still upset about that poor human kid.
As a matter of fact, he's going to take in the whole family in his house just because he's so devoted.
Anyway, we got the mad dog coming up next and then we got the humpword 3.
Now listen, tomorrow we've got to give instructions to the audience, right?
Because the beast is going to be on him, from 9 to 1.
And it's going to be, if there's one word I'm trying to think about, it's going to be tomorrow?
Uh-huh.
Roodle.
I mean, it's going to be great.
It's going to be sensational, right?
Right.
And he'll have all those stories to tell about how he got canned off the morning show and about losing the weight and how Troy would be great.
That would be great.
Yeah, he could make it interesting if he grows a pair.
So, through the end of our morning and see if the beast grows a pair by 9.
Happy Thanksgiving.
Bye, bye, bye!
Then the alleged show on Climb's TV is on the QAM, Miami for Notre Dame.
I don't have a penis.
