Tomorrow, the one year anniversary of 9-11, collect your thoughts remember where you were a year ago
We're going to be speaking to somebody from latter one eighteen one of the first engine the first engine company
To go into the world trade center and we'll be speaking with the wife of a guy that I know who perished in
9-11 of the world trade center. So that's coming up tomorrow for
Grieper and for the beast and Goldie Howard David have a nice day in paradise everybody on QAM
It's just out Florida's only real for
I don't know
If you want technical problems both pretty unusual for us, but
And if I had to pick it's just watching practice every day and stuff that I do an MVP of this training camp
It'd be Chad Morton right now
He's had an incredible camp on offense every time he touches the ball
He's doing a great job, and I've got a returning kickoff for me
He's involved in a punt return. He's covering kickoff. He's playing everything. So we've increased his role
Question tell me what you think about me. I got the gold chains in the fresh white tea
Fall on my cell and I'm feeling on me and when it's all over I just pop and leave
Question if you think you leave it now miss you better thank twice because you ain't dismissed look it
You've got yourself a paradise hips, which means I can ride you like a
Titanic ship. Yeah, that's not my head may got grease
But the duds that I wear ain't she? Hey, you want a sweet memory honey?
Hop in the bed with me
Yeah, all you women this plenty of me throw your bodies at me
All you women can't get enough for me throw your undies at me
Hey for you honey. I pay good money throw your brazil ratmate
Just on hauler that I gave you dollars to hop into bed there with me
I know to a five sixty w. Kim. How about those Patriots baby? All right 30 to 14 doesn't even come close
They're telling you the nature of the game. It could have been like in 90 to three could have been the final score
How about Tommy Brady, baby? I tell you one thing
He has a stud make no mistake about that
I'll tell you I sat so close to the TV screen last night. He has a stud. I mean like my eyes are almost they're flaming
You know, what did you just back me this last hour did I leave it sitting back there last hour to long?
I didn't just fax it to you affects the moment once I see so in other words
I well, maybe it was because I sat like an inch away from the TV screen checking out Tommy Brady's he has a stud push
I still have that front cover a sports illustrator. What was the date on this George?
I'm sure you have
Sports Illustrated Super Bowl MVP Tommy Brady's right there on the front cover naked with a big football in his arms
And then on page 35 is that put you a picture that is like for the Hall of Fame with his head in his hand and
The dimple on his chin
In fact, I have the big picture of Josie theater right in here
I'm gonna have to take a pool amongst myself on that deal
But at any rate speaking of a pool look at that pool from yesterday. Good golly. Hey with it for
No, you're not or you're just must have refreshed before minded. I only have a thousand fourteen votes. How many you got 16?
Ah now I would that be why you getting like a quick it alternate they refresh at a certain rate
So sometimes you'll be ahead sometimes I'll be ahead I see
Well this one I just click the refresh button and this one's taken its damn sweet time me to for some reason
We took a poll yesterday on George and his job filling in during the summertime for me
Which I thought was by far and away his best job the summer and spud of your horrible calls
There you go. I got a thousand seventeen me to how did George do filling in for Neil this summer?
And we got a battle going on. It's still going on. I'm almost tempted to leave it up there a few minutes
No, seriously. It's within four in terms right we can get it within
14 if you leave it up there five more. Well, there was there was a real
Pean contest going on we can't say pissing contest
There was like a real tickling contest going on all evening and night
I mean when you get over a thousand votes on a weekday pull on this show
You're talking some serious heavy duty. I'll tell you that right now. I'm sure Eric is delighted
Why is that he's getting all these hits
Yeah, why he's getting paid by the hit. I'm sure isn't that the way it works
2017 votes. I don't listen when George is on 337 now no matter how the actual you know total comes that's a little under a third
You've heard remember yesterday in the early gone it was like almost 40% right and I totally that was because that one guy
That hits you like poison was voting over and over you know
He was going through the effort of a redidling it redidling it. I mean the guys a basket case
I know this one George is on 337 excellent job better than ever 333 only a four vote gap
Man, it is so tight. It's tighter than a witches. I come ass
Trying to then a rimers wallet
Good 162
Okay, okay 96
Week 62 and fear 27 and you didn't think fear deserve to be a category on there
Wait for your hey wait for your today's poll what you already did hear it
But there's so many different shades of because I want to give an opportunity to do their thing
So I guess I guess that's it for the one from yesterday
I don't see any other change going on there no, but but seriously if you add up excellent job
Better than ever plus good plus okay. I mean you a wallup. I mean only 33.1 percent
Didn't listen when you're on which means that 67 percent did even the ones with that I was kind of weak
It was a you know that's that's what we're looking for I
Mean if you can keep two thirds of the audience. I mean it's no Joseph Ganky, but nevertheless
Here's our look at a thousand and twenty four
Yeah, one big chunk quit while you're behind okay
I don't listen when George is on 341 excellent job. I had an ever 335 like I said close it out when it now let's close it out
Here's the poll for tomorrow for today for now
Because tomorrow and see I don't I don't really give a crap all would be interesting to take the poll
Because I'm probably gonna do unless the poll is just overwhelmingly in one way negative, you know
But I'm not I'm not just gonna go along with the Jeff on the bandwagon
I'm just not gonna be another one of these. Oh everybody else is doing it
I'll do it to I'm not gonna do that in addition to which has there been anybody if Q a M has clearance or makefully program director
Or your close personal friend Greg or even the rapier has anybody dark in that door or
You're actually asking
Good about it. Yeah, exactly that would be my response
So you know the fact that Kevin Baxter has this article in the Harold clear channel will four-wheel commercials tomorrow
Who now how are you people kidding? Okay?
You're a bunch of acts murdering assholes who've set more people in the back than anybody I've ever seen in my life and
And then you're gonna like make brownie points tomorrow people are destroying the radio industry from coast to coast
Everybody who ever even owned a little transistor radio knows that knows about cheap channel
Which even uses that term in a goddamn story who you're kidding Kevin? He's listening right now to the show
Am I right about that make no mistake about it? Who you kidding Kevin? Oh God about it, right?
So anyway, here's the poll question because I got a lot of stuff here
I'm gonna get all wound up. I'm gonna get backed up a little bit
You know what I mean? What do you mean if Neil plays all comedy bits for this is the poll Eric pay attention now
Put down the cheese and bacon croissant
If Neil plays all comedy bits tomorrow 9-11
It would be and then here's one two three a six choices. Well, but don't you like that when we get more?
How many do we have yesterday? Oh look at that
This page cannot be displayed. There must be a rush
No, seriously, they must be like foaming at the mouth to get on to be probably closed that out. Not only two more
If Neil plays all comedy bits tomorrow, which is yesterday
I mentioned that that I'm thinking about doing that tomorrow not to be disrespectful
Not because there was anything funny about 9-11
But as a place for people to come who don't want to be just
Overwhelmed with this morbidity like I hear more. Oh, he's gonna have this firefighter and this one
You know
How much of that do we have to hear and see
See it would be it would be one thing if a few days after 9-11 last year the coverage would have stopped
You know what I'm saying I don't you're saying but there hasn't been a single day that we haven't seen weeping
Relatives and wives and husbands and daughters. I mean, you know
I'm not I'm not making light of their suffering or their misery and the barbarity of the grotesque unacceptable act
I'm certainly not doing that but when you're inundated with it
It reaches the point of what what is there to uh keep rehashing again. That's my feeling about it god damn it
You think I'm ever gonna get to this poll or what oh just you know
Hey, no, what guess what? Oh god about it if Neil plays all comedy bits tomorrow 9-11 it would be unpatriotic
Sensational boring this respectful better than rehashing last 9-11 or in bad taste
I think I think personally that that covers it we could put something on there about Tommy Brady
Yeah, is it disrespectful and in bad taste kind of some no here we go again. No, okay
Now you're like that singing again like like fear and weak see
Fair and ugly. There is not that bad. Fair was like yeah, okay, ninja
Koseko see
Koseko saw
By the way, we decided this morning to nuke the French
Oh
Seriously if if the criterion is going to be
That the you know countries who harbor terrorists are gonna be the enemy. We're gonna nuke them into the stone age
The French for decades right for as long as I've been alive. They've been notorious
They never met a terrorist that they didn't like right they always give refuge to the unacceptable to people that nobody else will take in
Where did Roman Polanski go to Negro to France?
I think so I think you're right. Yeah, so they they uh they harbor every harbor
Peter files and terrorists and scumbags and of course
Frog yeah, and they think that ship that green piece. Right. That's right. That's so let's before we worry about Santa
Who's saying let's nuke their friend. Let's take care of them for it. Freaking Jacques Chirac
Not to mention of course Jean Créchin froggy if Neil plays all comedy best run on 11 will be here
The choices again Eric this is the last time because it's getting really ponderous
unpatriotic
Sensational boring
disrespectful better than rehashing last 9-11 or in bad taste
Like that here's the good news here's the most important story of the day make no mistake about it
Because you're gonna feel a lot better once you know this
American idol winner Kelly Clarkson is still scheduled to sing the national anthem at a 9-11 youth gathering in Washington tomorrow
Contrary to some media reports
According to the head of a charitable organization that actor
Oh
She is definitely singing said Melissa Helmbrecht founder and CEO of champions of hope the youth service group that organized the United
Day of service the ceremony at which Clarkson 20 will sing concludes the day of service for youth across the country
Persons from age 5 to 25 will participate in volunteer projects in their community such as collecting food and cleaning up graffiti
Said Dave the Chico communications manager for youth services america, which is helping to coordinate the event
Some confusion over Clarkson status be likely began with several articles that noted that our management company
19 entertainment a producer of american idol had agreed that the window the TV competition would sing at the event
The news prompted some criticism that 9-11 was being commercialized. Oh god. We don't want to do that
This did not sit well with parks and to maintain she wanted to stay away from anything that suggested marketing on 9-11
If anybody thinks I'm trying to market anything well
That's awful the New York Times reported to her saying I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna shill a 9-11 in other words
But a press release issued Monday by 19 management a division of 19 entertainment red
Kelly Clarkson will sing the national anthem 9-11 and walked in DC god dammit as she previously sent
She's honored by the invitation media reports to the contrary are incorrect damn it all you scumbag use
So when I good news, she's been a singer after all. I feel so much better good
That's our idea here on the show to make you feel a little better lighten it up a little bit
Not to get more bit not to dwell on all the negativity
Not to get but because that's what they wanted remember how everybody kept saying that that's what the freaking scumbags wanted
This for us to get morbid and depressed and have this
Defeat is kind of attitude and you know
I don't think we need to go through all of that again. I mean if you want to be my guest go right ahead
And as far as I now get to that clear channel story at a moment and boy who would I how are they kid?
And huh of all people?
And then of course power 96 with their little punk listeners
Well, what is the term I'll get to the story that kids groovy uses they're playing inspirational music
Oh brother inspirational rap music tomorrow on power 96
Your good-coast friend kid scurvy saying that who's he kid
And they're gonna be handed off free pictures of anosqueaks ass
Huh? I'll be in line. Yeah, I'll bet you will
913 in fact kid scurvy was telling me his favorite memories of that short live marriage is when they used to dance cheek to cheek
913 at 560 wqm
You heard the news about the 3.95 percent mortgage. It's true if you've been thinking about it
Don't think do something do something smart
Which is the last thing Todd Dreckwood do because he's a pus now
It's been time to purchase a home or refinance your existing home at the incredibly low rate of only 3.95 percent
If you have a 7.5 percent mortgage the 3.95 percent rate would save you over 3.5 percent or over
$3,500 just the first year alone on a $100,000 mortgage. So if make things easy for yourself
Who sang that song?
Make it easy on yourself. I don't know. I think they're righteous brothers
Okay, I'll pick up the phone to call financial group at 1-809-40 L-E-N-D
That's 1-809-4053-63
Getting yourself a mortgage someplace else is gonna cost you a ton of cash every year
Think of all the money you can save when you have a 3.95 percent mortgage
Financial group is help thousands of folks just like you put your financing in the best possible position in the universe by getting a 3.95
percent mortgage call financial group right now this second
1-809-4053-63
That's 1-809-4053-63 equal housing lender credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change if you wait too long
My and low
This is 4.2560
Honey doc is dolphin Danny
Tao
That's what I wanted
No
They are all different, different power has no end
We got to see you always had he pushes when
The soap and sweat went for you to hear it today
Baby, oh, no, your brain was wired up
Baby, oh, no, they'd fuck it in
We're the challenge here for lady of stars
We're the challenge here for lady of stars
It's her garden as the challenge is gone
Without the names of everywhere you are
The library, the union's part, we take it's place
They don't decide to light the moment out of sight
And find a way for thousands of others as a fan
And you wait for them to get your soul to lay on the end
Baby, oh, no, my business for a friend
We're the challenge here for lady of stars
We're the challenge here for lady of stars
We're the challenge here for lady of stars
We're the challenge here for lady of stars
It'll get us to live in the end
Yeah, they sure did, man
They're a bunch of vortures
We'll get to them in a second
There's Richard Butler, remember a hello, Paul?
I remember Richard Butler
Of course, when Chief weapons inspector
We were under the most difficult political circumstances
He says that the Scott Ritter is, well, basically, he's an asshole
And he's right, didn't I tell you that yesterday that the man has no credibility
And then come to find out, in listening to some of the commentary during the evening last night, on the 85,000 newscasts
And between Washington Tom Brady and the Patriots kick ass
He's supposedly doing a documentary over there
Which is funded by the Iraqi government
And even the story we had the other day said that his trip over there this time is sponsored
By the Scott Ritter is to weapons inspections
What Peter Arnet is to journalism
And I think pretty soon, Scott Ritter is going to start standing in front of scenes where it says baby milk factory behind him
I could be wrong about that
With little arrows, so there's another one over here and there's another one over there
Don't they have scud missiles and most baby milk factories?
I would think so, so but got about it
Right
Now what is this thing about Ola Madacone?
Your Windows Media Player line is down again, can you go back to your radio?
What happened to the archives?
I don't know anything about that
Of course not, but it said Ola Madacone, so I'm sure it was for you
So I thought it facts it right along
No, but seriously, what is that?
We don't know, we don't care
Oh, I just wanted you to put that out there on the air, not that he can listen because the Windows media player
Well that because our Windows Media Player is down again
Yeah, okay
What happened to the archives?
I don't know, I can't tell
And by the way, Eric, there's only one S in rehashing, better than rehashing last time limit
And if you take that extra S down there, that'll give you room back it away from the number it's going to be in there
Eventually, I just mentioned that in passing
Oh, we got some votes on there already
I didn't even realize that it was actually up
I voted
If Neil plays all comedy bits tomorrow 9-11, it will be sensational for better than rehashing last 9-11-3
Those are the only two categories with any votes yet
I mean, you know, some assholes say, oh that's a very poor taste
And then maybe somebody from the station will probably be standing in the hallways
Well, he just doesn't want to go along with us
Nobody has said anything to us like I said before that the station has got any plans
I already got to start about the full work in Bomb Beach
And I forget its erection day
Oh!
Just to be fair by the way, I think I recall something like Clarence
Just asking me if we were planning on doing anything special
Yeah
And I said no, I don't think so
When was this?
I don't know, it was a brief moment and I'm sure I was busy
Hey, Clarence!
Look, go to about it
Come on out of this show, okay, Clarence, don't be getting involved with us
I don't think you got them technical problems that you can shake a stick at
We can't even get the show on the year-round every day, but that's probably somebody's fault
Probably Georgia's fault
Clear channel will forego commercials on September the 11th
Oh man, are we impressed by that or what?
Pete Bouldier, he's an asshole
The assassin, this is the article by Kevin Baxter in The Herald, okay?
This is another one that passes for a radio column
You know, this Kevin Baxter, we had some hope for him in the beginning
And I think it was a misplaced
Pete Bouldier, the assassin, was just beginning his work day last September the 11th
When he was called out of a meeting to look at television coverage of the first attack on a World Trade Center
Probably it was one of those meetings about who they were going to stab in a vacuum that day
Then all of a sudden this grace tree comes in from the side
It was obviously a jet airliner crashing into the other tower boulders
Remember, at that moment no one really knew what was happening
But we knew it was going to be a very busy day
So in other words, when the second plane hit the south tower
Nobody knew what was going to be happening?
What was going on?
Apparently not
I see, well evidently he didn't because he's
Blroom, blroom, blroom, blroom, I'm moron
Anybody didn't know it was a terrorist attack when the second plane hit
It had to be some kind of a marble head, some kind of a mumble mouth, some kind of a backstabbing assassin like Pete Bouldier
Make that a very busy week as program director at WIOD, the only English language news talk radio station in the Miami-Fore Lauderdale market
Bouldier oversaw nearly three days of continuous coverage of the terrorist attacks on America
Now of course on WQAM after a muffed blew in the beginning and of course it was Gildey's fault
Papa, what are we going to say about it?
Papa, Papa, Papa, J. Feeder, Dan Reno, Jimmy Johnson, what are we going to say about it?
And of course the sports nerds continued on for another hour till 9.45 until finally the embarrassment factor set in
And they stuck me under the intro of the fact that we've been under terrorist attack and you know put the audio on from the networks
Put some people on here who knew what that was going on. That was not one of the stellar days in the history of QAM, I'll tell you that
But we'd like you to forget about that
But at any rate once we got into it, didn't we do the exactly the same thing?
It's probably not better because we stuck pretty much other than giving out local emergency numbers and whatever
Right? Right. Anyway, and that coverage much of it commercial free, which is the same we did because Joe Castello had the cajon to go ask Greg or tell Greg,
Hey, should we get those spots off the air? I just go on Joe. Yeah, because Joe being of Italian descent, that's a threat from a Sicilian descent.
He had the cajon to go in there and make him Greg and offer he couldn't refuse.
The coverage was simulcast and WIOD 6 clear channel sister stations making news radio 610 an important source of information about an event that will market generation.
With my generation with the Kennedy assassination with my son that was the World Trade Center bolder said, I get a little emotional just thinking about it.
I get emotional thinking about you, Pete, bolder and what an asshole you are and what you have been all your cohorts have done to the radio business and most of the people in it who work for your company who hate you people like poison.
On Wednesday WIOD along with 60 other clear channel stations from zero beats to the upper keys will again broadcast commercial free to commemorate the one year anniversary of the attacks.
And they're not alone in wanting to mark the anniversary in a special way WLNAFM the National Public Radio Affiliate for Miami for Lauderdale is planning a full day of special content while other stations in the market will be altering their programming and ways big and small.
Country music WKISFM for example is also going commercial free most of the day though program director Bob Barnett says that's partly because few clients wanted to buy airtime on 9-11.
We'll take this spot Bob. We'll put him on this show.
You know we're not going to be hypocrites who the house kid who were in a business to make money from the agency level on down there was peer pressure not to run spots that they says Barnett who station will run a mix of patriotic music and montages of listener comments.
There's no point in trying to force commercials in if nobody wants to run them most of the businesses move to other days of the week so it's not like we've lost business.
I'm sure there's a price tag on the lost inventory inventory that's pretty substantial.
Isn't that great that we're making this tremendous sacrifice yet but unlike the clear channel stations which is usually they press release announcing their commercial free programming Barnett is almost hoping that listeners don't notice.
It's just back padding and chest dumping that is simply trying to capitalize on the event he says.
Absolutely correct.
I don't know the guy if he walked in this studio right now here in Toronto I wouldn't have any idea who we was but I'd pat him on the back and say you are absolutely correct.
That's not the way to go September 11th is about remembering and memorializing said not capitalizing on it he's absolutely right that's what he channel is trying to their grandstanding contemporary music station WPO W speaking of grandstand kisses visibly broadcasting sister station will go without commercials or DJs tomorrow while tweaking its playlist of favorite tribute type music according to program director kid scurvy who said that honest ass was bigger than a bread box.
That's largely in respect to my DJs he says they came to me and said what am I going to do.
Kind of like a Johnny Fontaine what am I going to do this is a different day the station will also run tape list or comments while its website will carry the names and pictures of the nearly 3000 victims of the terrorist attacks of the World Trade Center at elsewhere sounds like they're also trying to capitalize on the event you know.
Sports talk station wqa another visley property has been interviewing prominent athletes for their takes on the September 11th they will air those vignettes.
Wednesday in place of regular sports updates aren't you impressed by that much don't you want to hear what a dumb Jack has to say about the world events about anything quite frankly the station also plans to run a markedly lighter commercial load lighter load tomorrow.
You're on QA how do you like that which you give us time to play more bits if we decide to do that meanwhile urban music outlet w.e.d. I guess I better do the break okay 38 votes on a pool better than rehashing last 9 11 19 sensational 12 boring for bad taste to this respectful one on patriotic none zero so far.
Maybe in the unpatriotic son of a bitch the are the relentless bastard that I am you know just don't want to go along and it's got nothing to do with the unpatriotic but you hope whatever you want okay or just respectful it's got to do with given people an alternative some place to go for a few yucks to live their lives as opposed to get my done and rehashing and rehashing and rehashing and on and on here's another body here's another people crying.
Have we seen enough of that last year already I have quite enough and this business that somebody is going to forget about it that ain't going to happen there's anybody in the world that's ever going to forget about it who was watching TV that they were lived through it anyway calm down looking at 9 27 QA a macro shopping forget about that you know
that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you know that you
great night sleep night after night for years to come do what I always do when the old mattresses had it pick up the phone call the betting experts you can't get a better deal all the way around at dial a mattress one 800 mattress one 800 MATTR or check them out in that wicket worldwide web if you like at mattress.com
My life and look oh this is 425.60
Oh, you ain't way, yeah.
A bastard.
No say we're tough on crimes.
No.
No say we're in better times.
No say everything is fine.
Oh, we're fine.
People will say you're ungrossed.
Don't say inflation's down.
All right.
Don't say you're safe in our town.
In fact, don't be hanging around.
People will say you're ungrossed.
Don't stop if you get lost,
Unless you like hating for.
Don't say proper with God.
People will say you're ungrossed.
Yeah.
I want to give you a kiss.
There's a guy he sucks, okay?
Okay.
You call that a heated?
No.
Don't walk on the city streets
Without all points or flat slugs.
Don't say but you're anything.
People will say you're ungrossed.
Are you sure?
9.34 or 5.60.
We're getting way behind.
Why?
Because I screwed up there.
Meanwhile, Urban Music Outlet WEDR South Dakota's
Top Ranked Station in a long history of community outreach.
We'll open its phone lines to listeners throughout the day.
General Manager Jerry Russian will host a special edition of his
Open Line talk show What's on your mind to discuss 9.11.
Well, that's what I've been lit.
My whole life, living for your Jerry Russian,
Analyze 9.11.
You too?
Well, I wanted to hear what Tom Joyner had to say about it.
Yeah, and not only that, but what about Greg Reed?
David Ross, Care Channel's regional vice president for South Florida
and a major asshole, says the decision to give up commercials
could cost his station group, Chief Channel, $246,000.
A significant amount for a company whose pension for squeezing every
nickel through syndication and voice tracking,
taping a program in one market for rebroadcast as a local program
in several other markets has earned it the nickname of Chief Channel.
I wonder where Kevin Bastard heard that.
We'll lose some money, Ross, says, but I think it was the right thing to do.
Not everyone agrees on that point, however.
Mike Disney, station manager from Music Stations,
we use that term loosely, PYM Party Radio,
and of course the party's over, and the coast says he'll be,
how come it doesn't mention hot?
I give up.
Because Kevin's an idiot, says he'll be conducting business as usual,
dropping only promotional announcements.
And 11 of the stations under Ross's directions,
primarily those in the keys, found their advertisers,
enthusiastic about running spots tomorrow, claiming it is their patriotic duty.
Not running spots, stopping your revenues,
slowing the stream of commerce to your advertisers,
is a victory for the terrorists, says radio consultant Walter Sabo,
a resident of New York City in an interview in the Daily Trade Newsletter,
R&R today, Walter Freakin Sabo.
Whoa, you don't have to play that, that's coming soon, man.
Walter Freakin Sabo.
The attacks were specifically against financial institution Sabo,
says the goal was specifically to disrupt our economy.
Whether without spots, most radio stations and managers agreed that something needs to be done to mark the anniversary.
Dennis Collins, another Schmuck, senior vice president and general manager of Adelk Contemporary Life,
Adelk Contemporary My Ass, slushed our life,
and oldies magic, I wonder if they realize that they own old magic?
No wonder it sucks so bad now, huh?
His station will observe a moment of silence at 8.46 a.m. at the time of the first plane struck,
followed by a plan of God bless America,
both stations also plan to suspend promotions and contests,
and screen their playlist carefully, but other than that,
listeners probably won't know that, screen the playlist on life.
You ready for that?
So in other words, the carpenters won't be singing rainy days and Mondays,
because it'll be Wednesday.
It'll be subtle, Collins, says, we've thought long and hard,
and we've consulted our corporate officials, listeners, and advertisers.
I've talked to everyone about what they think our radio stations should do,
and we've decided to stay the course, show how we can, how we're sitting,
and we can be, plus we can't afford to lose the money, I'm sure, as well as what he's thinking.
You know what I'm talking about?
As for WLR, it plans to continue 9-11 team programming that it began last week.
Goes on.
There you go.
60 votes on our poll so far.
If Neil plays all comedy bits tomorrow, 9-11, it will be better than rehashing
last 9-11, 29, sensational 15, boring Yine in bad taste 5,
disrespectful to, and unpatriotic so far, none.
None.
How do you like that?
You know, every one of those 63 people, plus every other ones,
are going to vote no matter what they vote.
They'll be listening, they'll have their ear glued to it.
You know what I'm saying?
I know.
So if there's anybody who isn't going to like what we do here tomorrow.
But good about it.
Right.
U.S. not claiming Iraqi linked to terror in the Washington Post today as it makes its case against the Iraqi president Sodom Hussein,
the Bush administration has for now dropped what had been one of these central arguments presented by supporters of a military campaign against Baghdad,
iraqs linked to al-Qaeda and other terrorist organizations.
Although administration officials say they're still trying to develop a strong case tying Hussein to global terrorism,
the CIA has yet to find convincing evidence despite having combed its files and redoubled its efforts to collect and analyze information related to Iraq,
according to senior intelligence officials and outside experts, with knowledge of discussions within the U.S. government.
By the way, did I mention that Scott Wittersen asshole?
Yes.
Oh.
Most specifically, analysts who have scrutinized photographs, communications, intercepts, and information from foreign informants,
have concluded they cannot validate two prominent allegations made by high-ranking administration officials,
links between Hussein and al-Qaeda members who have taken refuge in northern Iraq,
and in April 2001, meeting in Prague between 9-11, a hijacker, Muhammad Ahtah, and an Iraqi intelligence agent.
It's a thin read, says a senior intelligence official describing the information in both cases.
You know who he was talking about when he said it's a thin read?
Yeah.
Break it.
Yeah.
You know what I said?
I heard it.
Break it.
Good.
The thin read is what he was talking about.
As a result of the CIA's conclusions, the Bush administration has accepted the notion that it's stronger case against Iraq,
as Baghdad's apparent ongoing attempt to acquire chemical, biological and nuclear weapons.
President Bush is expected to focus on this aspect during his speech Thursday to the UN,
in which he will present the administration to Iraq policy.
And even on Sunday, on Eat the Press, there was Cheney saying,
oh well, you know, it's not so much about terrorism.
It's regime change that we're looking for
You're following what we're saying. Yeah, I heard that before regime change in other words
When it doubt we want them out. It's got less to do with the fact that he's got nooks that he's got this
He's got that because there's nothing new really going on there right now which we'll get to eventually by the way
Don't forget it's election day vote early and often. That's my suggestion to you vote for Bill McBride
He's one hell of a guy. He's a swell guy remember that great story ahead about him yesterday. That's right. He's a hero man
Even Enrique did a song about him. He's Enrique's hero my hero George is hero
Vote no one. What is it? What number is it 214 something like that on the Christian hate the Christian hate the thing in David County
Be sure and vote on that because the last thing you need is the embarrassment of a hello
You know, you know, you know what's gonna happen with that?
242
242 vote no I'm too far to and Bill McBride and the Democratic primary
Janet we like him a lot that Janet Reno, but he's just a guy no chance like I said
He couldn't win a one horse race and that was fixed just one of those things does make him a bad guy. Well, there's Tony Blair
It's all set out in the United Nations reports
For the last four years of course there have been no inspections bean no monitoring
Kelly despite constant pleas and months I'm telling you W's definitely got naked pictures of him in the old queen or some little queen anyway
20 till 10 at 560 QM. We got the mad dog Jim. Madditch at one the Humper Hank Goldberg at 3 430 another minute short show for Hank nice going
Man, I say you're an hour hour and a half a day. Please get in the better gig that I am really
Marlon's on deck at 430 because it's an early game the Marlon's at the Phillies is that at the Phillies are his at home game
Do we know I don't know at the Phillies that it's got a little
530 double header. That's why they're starting early 80k after all of that if you can handle that and Joe and Mark the dirty
Boys overnight two to six in the morning. Joe Costello had to balls to go to Greg Read and said we're not running eight spots today last 911
And Greg look you know what Greg said to him when he walked up to
Same thing he always says he kind of like move it like that and then you know Joe came back and said scratch the spots
Joe kind of like took over that day like a good Italian boy should
Hey, anyway, let me tell you about becoming a computer professional
This is where the money is guys and if you want to get yourself a real job making some serious cash
This is the deal now. How do you find a good school and hope you get all accomplished all of these things
There's one school that's got four convenient locations and date and brow and a clue that went and kindle
That's what Todd Dreck has been telling me there's one school that's got certified Microsoft instructors convenient day evening and weekend classes
There's one in fact I asked Todd are you gonna give me some new copy?
But got about it. That's what he said
One school that's got full-time job placement department over 30 years experience with this school
You can complete your program get certified in just four short months. We're talking hands-on training
And that school of course you got to know it by now is fast train
In fact, I asked Todd before the show this morning
I said tight you're gonna do any work this week and he said oh god about it
So get off your button pick up that phone or call fast train toll-free
There's no obligation. They'll be having to answer all your questions and tell you how in just four short months
You can say goodbye to your dead end life and start getting a real job with some real paychecks coming in
Call 866 fast train toll-free. That's one 866 fast train or check them out in the web if you like it fast train.com
My name is local this is five 16 the radius of yours
You win
Idiot is sick and he's hot-tablet
All right, well he's a telehazzy nasty
Oh, who got the money from a daddy?
Oh, and it's I said my little daddy
Whoa, it's an agenda that's crappy
Oh, well he's a telehazzy nasty
Oh, well he's a president until son who doesn't have to run no one else is gonna win. He might as well just move right in
He has a golden spoon he was born with up his ass to look out all you Jews get ready for the dad
He's a telehazzy nasty
He'll give our civil rights to amy
Whoa, I see the telehazzy nasty
Well, he's a very wealthy dude with very bad shoes
Who never paid his dues by next year will all be screwed
She called
She called
She called
She's smart to win that race against funny with k. Why do you think they call it?
Cooper tutorial any way he's a telehazzy nasty
Oh, he'll need to k k k
Happy
Daddy's a telehazzy nasty
Yeah
A little bit silly
Come on, let's do stuff
Come on, Nino
Let's go
Look at about it
It's alive, I am not a nasty
Sure, that's what they all say 947 if that's what John Askrop said too, you know here
I'm gearing junior 947 at 560 wqa m here somebody fact me linds Samuel's article about all the people that have died in America since last year
Cancer, heart disease, accident, suicide. I might just actually have to read that. I read it on her website nice
Go ahead Lynn. Love you
Wabc screwed her over and fired her ass. Can you believe that?
I believe it. Maybe they're going to bring Mr. Ego back to another go round
Anyway, David the faxes and says how do you do in the noon to one hour against russian ratings?
Please tell me you have higher ratings than that political racist. Thank you. Yes, we do
A little a he's just starting to make some inroads on us because we're a bastion bush too much on this show for the bushies
So they're going over there and hearing what they want to hear. They hear him a little and then Bill O'Reilly
Who's just spewing all the incorrect information, you know? What is ego?
Mm-hmm. By the way, I want I try to watch someone down here last night
Why had you talked about heavy duty? I'm watching the Tom Brady show there the Patriot game
I'm watching Cronkite there squeaking and squaw. You know, it was really funny. I put it this before the show
So King the King myster had water Cronkite on there was 185 years old and can barely speak
But he asked him if he thought that the media coverage this week was like overkill and there was too much going on
And he said yes, he said you know last year was one thing because it had just happened
And that's all that anybody wanted to know about and the center and so on and rightfully so
But he said now it's just become obnoxious and it's way too much and over and then of course Larry had that sad look on his face
And kept promoting the fact. Oh, well, we got special two-hour coverage on Wednesday and a two-hour show tomorrow
And then on every break they would have like, you know pictures either of some wife crying or of, you know
The bombs bursting in hurricane, you know the buildings blowing up and it was huge smoke clouds, etc
I mean, yeah, it's just it was ironic
But at any rate so I've been wise so I did get over to Donohue for a little bit here and there and he had
John Walsh will be on well
You saw a little bit. I saw a lot of it actually. I'll tell you something
The problem with Donohue was that he's become a fumbler and bumber now. Yeah, I noticed he's he's not good
I mean, I used to like him when he was on you know
He was the pioneer and all out of the craft
But he's he fumbles and bumbles. I mean at least or rally whether you know forget about the content because nobody cares about content
He's slick and he's glib and he pretends he knows what he's talking about you know and he like you know puts everybody down
He's got a big mouth, but Donohue like
Like reaching for like something to ask or something over his tongue. Yeah, he's not good. Maybe need more practice
He's not a lot of time. I'll tell you one thing. He better practice real fast
You know what I'm saying? He better practice real fast and real soon. Otherwise, it's gonna be hey Phil
Hey, Phil was a nice try, but bye bye bye. Yeah
So anyway, I did the see a little bit of that and felt bad but John Walsh was on there
I'd tell you I did at all and also I saw the last three minutes of John Walsh's debut show yesterday
Which I didn't even realize it was on one of the local channels here
I think it's on I don't know whether it's on the CFTO. I don't know who the hell headed on
Start the last five minutes of that show
So he's all over the place. He's got his own syndicated show
He's on Foxville starting nights of course with America's most wanted and I still say we need to cable channel
That does that 24 hours a day. America's most wanted disappeared right on it and done yeah around the clock the
John Walsh wanted channel right
Or is the president would say they wanted dead or alive channel
So let's see how that pull is coming 96 votes pretty soon. It'll be nice even 100 which makes it easy to finger out
If Neil plays all comedy bits tomorrow 9.11 it will be better than rehashing last 9.11 52 that's 54%
Sensational 21 at 22%
boring 13 in bad taste 8 this respectful 2 and unpatriotic still has no votes for unpatriotic
Well, that's good
You think it would wound me if somebody called me unpatriotic unpatriotic
faster
And you know what I would say
What the god about it. That's what I would say
So anyway selection day like I said Reno and McBride neck and neck and governor's race
Which is why you must go about everybody the women in son of my voice and vote for Bill McBride today
The most hotly fucked democratic primary race for governor in florida since the 1980s is being decided today
In a test of which candidate can entice more their core supporters to go and vote
Vattling to the finish for the democratic gubernatorial nomination firm runners bill McBride and gen. Reno
Unleashed final hours get out to vote see if she's putting on this lackluster campaign that everybody's talking about
She's got no money. It's been a horrible campaign
If she's doing it now in the primaries
You can just imagine a way that the jester would steamroll over her shaky as in the general election in november
Which is why they're crappin' or pantaloonies up there that McBride's gonna win this
State Senator Darrell Jones of Miami in the distant third also returned to south Florida yesterday
Fighting as the only black candidate for governor in modern times for a share of the frontrunners votes
Don't waste your vote on Darrell Jones by the way. All your sports is out there vote for Bill McBride. He be your man
I'm a tactician. I'm a fighter pilot Jones full supporter. Well, we don't care what he said
He said I'm the best prepared candidate. Everybody says oh, yeah sure
On the eve of the primary Reno McBride cranked up massive phone back and leafletting operations
Revved up crowds of loyalists and flooded endorsements from influential party leaders
The race ends as a regional contest south Florida against the rest of the state Reno counts on big margins of votes in brow
Dayed Palm Beach in Monroe to overcome McBride's apparent advantage throughout most of Florida
Mike Mayo actually had a column worth talking about the other day. Can you believe that?
Well, if you say twice a year he writes something meaningful especially now since he's not just a sports nerd
McBride must thank Bush if he dances to victory wrote Michael Mayo on Sunday in the Sun Central
He said oh ask Bill McBride
Eran what does it say ask who is Bill McBride and people say oh the guy who dances on TV see? I had my in a wrong place there oh
Yeah, that was the word I had the wrong place the guy who dances on TV
This is how cool is some people are it also shows how negative campaigning has totally boom ranged on governors
Yeah, Bush and the Republicans in being so concerned about McBride the Republicans have boosted his recognition to the point
Where they're about to get precisely what they didn't want McBride is the Democratic candidate for governor
Right the attack ed seemed to have run more all than all other McBride and Jenna Reno ads combined at least in South Florida and to what end
The ads which feature a pair of tap dancing feet all makes me think of woolly tea ribs, you know
Excuse McBride of using tricky accounting in his campaign and mismanaging his former Tampa law firm causing a layoffs
There were meant to be a preemptive strike by Republicans if you McBride is a greater threat to Bush than Reno in that November
General election at no shmit now the ads look like a premature strikeout a miscalculation that completely backfire
Since the ads began airing last month in McBride campaign is picked up incredible momentum
The latest poll show McBride overtaking Reno going into today's gubernatorial primary with the race too close to call
And don't look now, but here comes the specter of another brow election mess
If the victory margin is in the hundreds and enough brow and Democrats complained they never got their voting cards
They're found that proper polling place. This could get 2000 presidential ugly
And don't forget about Palm Beach, which I got that story coming up about poor Theresa LaPore. How can she still be there?
Anyway, Michael Mayo says it's hard to say if the attack ads in McBride surge are related
But you wonder if and bride would still be working to make up the identity gap against Reno if the Republicans hadn't bothered running any ads at all
They made the name McBride known perhaps proving the old adage that bad publicity is better than no publicity
And some could have mistaken ads as an attack by Reno turning off those who are heard or promised not to slay mud
I've talked to some people like that without that those were Reno ads right
It's not until the end in small print that a student viewers see Republicans paid for the ad along with the excertation to vote
Jeb Bush for governor the ads of made McBride's chances he legitimate in the last week
He counterattack with ads wondering what Bush is afraid of highlighting the theme that Bush doesn't want to face him in November
And guess what he is
In other words a candidate who just weeks ago was looking way up at Reno in the polls is now looking pastor
McBride is better organized has more money than Reno which could prove to be the dissent
Reno rides around in her quaint red pickup truck
McBride Chris crosses the state by plane
He's picked up most newspaper endorsements along with key political and union backing and his political savvy is showing with his overture to perhaps bring
Dave Mayer Alex Penga-Pakaynion board is his running mate
Well
Finalists is the one person who might be able to kind of to bush in support among moderate Cuban-Americans
Partly because of his role in the alien Gonzales saga these voters wouldn't support a ticket that included Reno in a million years
And again you are
Although the company might alienate some brown Democrats or Reno supporters who view it as his pandering
McBride is probably willing to bet they'd still vote for him in November
He can still sell the ticket to Penga-Pakaynion haters by asking if they really have four more years of Bush
Reno is stalled after running a fuzzy stealthy grassroots campaign that rests mainly on her resume as U.S. Attorney General on the present Clinton
Federal prosecutor Miami and devoted Florida native
She set out to show the people that dollar that people knocked dollars determined elections
But this is the real world you need dollars to get out the people
McBride got the dollars for more TV ads and the republicans spent on him too
They tried to tear them down but looks like they inadvertently build them up
Who's Bill McBride the guy who dances on TV might soon be tapping on the governor's doors as Mike Mayo and Sunday Sunsino nice going
My time you wrote something worth reading
956 at 560 WQM. The show is flying along. Maybe I feel like we're like on some kind of an acid trip here today
You know what I'm feeling really good because Gary Sarner just brought in food from the macaroni grill
But good about it. Hey, you know summertime is here. You need all the energy you can to feel really spiffy in spite of the heat
Nehumidity and the rain and just all of that mung in the year all emboldened mildew
All of you may can help you feel good no matter what's going on outside because all you might has got good stuff in it
All of you may as a soft gel capsule loaded with pharmaceutical grade olive oil and vitamins and minerals and herbals
To promote all different kinds of health for all different parts of your body
They got one product specifically designed to help your prostate one for your heart for your blood pressure and cholesterol
One for your circulatory system your digestive your endocrine system your skin and bones even your mind
Was that the same Montgomery Sarner that was going to give me that new copy for VIP dot com and didn't do it?
That's the one I see all using the benefits of the best olive oil and money can buy and all your med helps products
Has got a helps of both men and women too now what I just said I think so
Forget about it all your meds available all over town
Now it's available in Walgreens whole food markets and the world pharmacy in Sedanos
And if you want to get more information about what these products are all about and what they do and where you stick them
Just call their toll free number and they'll be happy to answer your questions
One eight six six all your med that's one eight six six all
L E O M E D and you go to those products right on their world famous website if you like at all your med america dot com
We're sports radio five
U A M
Hey, it's how it how it's spam
Yeah
I'm
Who wants her save a little black as a damn I want you hop inside my company call
I got the tickets exactly
I'm gonna make it you lady oh
I'm gonna save our baby
I can do anything I want to do
I'm your consultant woman
And I'm gonna make it something you
I'm giving back on a
I got the power to hold in control
I
Where I have a way to get your own show at a station down in Hollywood
And I don't care if you're waiting below just as long as you can stroke people
I'm on their save our baby
And you'll do anything I want you to
I'm your consultant woman
And your lady and I desire you
I'm gonna vote you
That's why I'm a consultant because I'm just an ass
Oh, good about it
10101 at 560 wq. I'm never worth to or where it's spoken man
There was one of the ultimate radio assholes water say boy I'd like to see him along with Pete Voldier, you know it
Like maybe maybe David Ross could be best man or Janet Reno
Anyway, it's 10 oh well at 2 at 560 wq. We got 127 votes on our very important programming pool today
You better get on there because it's your opportunity to have some input in this show
Right
If Neil plays all comedy bits tomorrow 9-11 will it will be better than rehashing last 9-11 66
Sensational 28 boring 15
In bad taste 12 this respectful for now on patriotic scut appear two votes
We don't want to have any category with no votes because it would make me look stupid by putting a category on it at the head no
Both got about it. You know what I'm saying. What do you say? I think I'm gonna read his Lynn Samuels piece
Okay, she's I love Lynn Samuels and she loves me. We have a mutual admiration by long distance
Anyway, she wrote this a few days ago, and I know it's gonna sound a little bit cynical
I'm a little bit hard-vittin etc
But you know we have a lot of emotional cripples out there and a lot of people easily manipulated
like the God squad and the professional right wingers and left wingers and the professional wingers
Deborah winger
Anyway, she writes attacked by 9-11 since September 11, 2001 about two
Two million four hundred thousand people have died in America cancer heart disease accident
Suicides some of them were children whose parents had to watch a suffer watching them die slowly from disease
Some of them died because doctors and nurses were not visual enough to and made mistakes
Approximately 42,000 died in car accidents 15,000 of those killed by drunk drivers
All of these people are dead all those family and friends grieve for them
They didn't get hundreds of thousands of dollars and they didn't write books and make the talk show circuit
They remember their loved ones in private they cry alone at night in bed not on lary king live
Politicians don't hold memorial services for them which coincidentally remind people that their relations coming up
The TV networks don't call somebody who had cancer for a year or a hero and devote hundreds of hours of programming to them
Vards and noble doesn't open an hour later Marshall's two hours later to honor them
There's no escaping this orgy of exploitation in wallowing
It's not enough to say keep the TV off Wednesday because it's already started on radio TV
The Sunday papers weekly magazines with their special issues the special display in the bookstores of 9-11 books
And yet does anyone insist that the government which is after all supposed to protect us have a commission to find out why this happened
Of course not does anyone plan to waste the unelected ones while we have not found with some have been lawden as he treks from a crash site to crash
Side Wednesday of course not those 2800 people died because of inefficiency stupidity
Egotism and self-interest on the part of the government and its agencies whose first job is supposed to be to protect its citizens
Those deplorable traits are all alive and while they're washing in DC a year later
I don't want to hear about it anymore. Yes, it was tragic for the families children growing up with no fathers fathers losing sons
Lovers lost to one another, but it happens every day all over the world to people with brown skin and black skin and yellow skin
It's called life
It is in the self-interest of the government to keep us in an orgy of grief and remembrance
So we'll forget to ask them any questions
It's in the interest of the media to wallow so that they'll not have to think about asking any real questions
It's really a national disgrace. It's a diversion of the worst sort bread and circuses
I for one thing I'm going to get on a bus and go to Atlantic City next Wednesday wrote Lynn Samuels
That's an excellent piece. Why were you uh mulling that one over?
I don't know
That's excellent and of course it's excellent and that what I just said
Didn't I preface it by saying it was a magnificent piece and then I love Lynn Samuels
But we have a lot of emotional cripples out there. Oh my god. That's disrespectful
That's too cynical. Well, you know because there are a lot of assholes out there who can't handle the truth
They want everything sugar coated like the stuff I read last week about how we built up Iraq and supplied them with all their
Chemical and biological agents and so on we we sold it to them
We built them up to what they are now just like we built up the Taliban and then they turned on us
Just like uh when Hussein invaded Kuwait. Oh now you're a bad guy
We invent these loose cannons they get out of control and then we can cock reasons to go in and try to remove them
I said to George before the show today. Why don't we just I mean you know if we're going to be serious about eliminating
Tyrants all over the world we might as well attack Libya this story I had yesterday said Gaddafi right getting closer
He's closer to a nooks than uh
Hussein is
And North Korea and everybody else and the French like we said before and while we're at it Venezuela
They got all those oil wells and they can't get directly together with their freaking government
I mean you know that what what are we talking about here?
So the fact that I find even though Scott what's his name?
Ritter is got no credibility all things full of crap
He's you know he's a puppet of the Iraqi regime
But nevertheless who the hell do you believe?
They want regime change when in doubt they want them off they had their chance to get them out 11 years ago
And of course bush one they decided not to do that
But now for whatever reasons of course you do understand it's not because we have an election coming up in November
Oh I understand of course you liberals you keep saying that and of course the speech Thursday to the UN
They're going to give them they were saying before about three weeks
To let the inspectors back in and to do whatever the hell you win decides whatever resolution meeting with resolution
They draft and if they don't if they don't go along with it
Even Tony Blair was just saying moments ago
Will give you an opportunity to go along with the your comply with you in resolutions whatever we draft up on Thursday
Whatever we make and if not but I'm being
Now three weeks from now is what?
17th
24th about the first of October is three weeks from now. You follow what I'm saying
Following the timing of this poison girls
The election is scheduled for the fifth of November
I don't want to say that the timing if they would have done this several months ago
I'd have said well okay, maybe I'm not convinced but you know, maybe it has to be done
Because let's face it. I don't think anybody with a brain wants who's saying to be there any more than we any longer one minute longer
But the timing of this there's an errol must there's a stench of Kalman who are coming from it baby
And oh well, you're right. We can't we can't really pin anything and then we can't tie him with the oh
Somo Yamama and we can't find oh Somo Yamama in fact, I got a story in here that's very disturbing about the fact
That they're reorganizing in Afghanistan here it is from the New York Times today
Al Qaeda fighter said to return to Afghanistan
What we supposedly did such a wonderful job
US intelligence officials say I'll cut off operatives who found refuge in Pakistan are starting to regroup and move back into Afghanistan
Less than a year after a successful American military campaign forced them to flee their one-time sanctuary by the thousands
The movement back in Afghanistan is still relatively small and involves cut of members traveling in small groups to officials say
Most of the thousands who escaped that canistan after American led forces defeated the Taliban government are not seeking to return instead
They remain scattered throughout southeast Asia and the Middle East creating a terrorist diaspora
That's now a deep concern to American counterterrorism officials some have found Havens in Iran and Iraq although
American intelligence officials are divided over another receiving active support for me their country
Oh, there's another one by the way. How do we forget Iran? Oh, well, you know and the latest ayatola. How do we forget about them?
Small potatoes still no they're not they're big potatoes
Still American officials say the world's largest concentration of all-cut operatives are now in Afghanistan and Pakistan and the reason they're in flux in the
Afghanistan is creating new dangers
Al-Qaeda members are believed to have launched the series of small attacks against American forces in Afghanistan in recent weeks
And may have been behind the attempt of assassination of Afghan president Hamid Karzai and the deadly carbobbing in Kabul last Thursday
According to Afghan and American officials
So we got a long long way to go in terms of Al-Qaeda in terms of the Taliban in terms of these scumbags
I remember last year after this all happened and they were all pontificating and we're gonna do this
We're gonna and I remember Rumsfeld talking making that speech
And we're gonna go find them in their beds where they sleep and we're gonna kill them
Well, we find and they're gonna do a lot of things that you know, you're not gonna hear about we wouldn't want to tell you about
Do you really think that's going on? No, I don't either
I don't believe it for a second. They don't even know the difference between the good ones and the bad ones
We keep going up on these and you know something
I can sympathize with them on that because when you look at the Shmata heads
How do you tell which one is the good guy which one's the bad guy?
They all wear the same my head gear. They all got the same freaking beard. How do you really know?
Yeah, you don't let God sort them out
Uh-huh, that's not a bad idea when it outlet the Lord sort them out
142 votes on our survey now because we're approaching tomorrow day when a lot of people are gonna put on a big dog and ponies show for you
I mean power 96 I got news for you. I don't want to pee on kid karee's grave, but let's face it
Power 96 they're gonna be uh, what do you say alternate in between uh
Spirituals and gospel or something like that it was close to that inspirational inspirational rat
Inspirational rap, which of course we all know rhymes with
Of course they play that every day is what they basically play a skim that's what Disney would tell you although Disney you
Wanted to talk baby because the party is over
Numbers on that station from their for for their for the rude records uh, they're done
144 votes then I just say 120 for 144
Coming in in chunks now if Neil plays all comedy bits around 11
It will be better than rehashing last 9.11 72 sensational 33
boring 18 in bad taste 13 disrespectful six and unpatriotic stills on I got a pair
I guess the one thing I can see feel fairly safe. It will not be unpatriotic
Among all things and I sure as hell wouldn't want to be unpatriotic with you. Oh god about it. Right speaking of lunch
Unpatriotic. Yes. Wait till you read the story that I'm faxing you right now about
I that's a surprise. Okay. Here's one that's a little bit of a surprise hometown paper likes Harris to floor to official
But not Harris to candidate remember our good close personal friend Catherine Harris
Who allegedly was real close and personal with our governor
Catherine Harris the former Florida Secretary of State who played a front-center role in the election
Fandango of 2000 is a heavy favorite to win a seat in congress rights the Washington Post's David van Dreyly
But for the first time in a electoral career she's running without the support of her hometown newspaper
Four times the hero tribunes recommended Catherine Harris and an election for public office
These Sarasota paper began in the editorial published yesterday
The recommendations were made with reservations sometimes with trevitation
But always in the hope that experience would help Harris harness her extraordinary energy
Bring clarity to her views and teach you to avoid those embarrassing blunders that hope has vanished
On the plus side for Harris the paper called the one-time state senator
Tenacious and industrious and acknowledge that she's an icon in the eyes of any republicans across the nation for staring down
Al Gore over the road counting deadlines on the minus side with references to
Starling lack of clarity when Harris discusses public policies and the sultry responses to questions
So one our Republicans to do in today's primary on that score the hero tribune throws up its hands
Harris is only GOP opponent for more anchor man john C. Hill doesn't earn the endorsement either
We offer no recommendation the paper concluded for Catherine
What are we going to do about that poor bitch, huh?
Of course, she's not running by us anyway for by you
12 minutes after 10 at 560 wqa and it's the dog days of summer man
It's still the same old stuff, you know even officially on a calendar
If your hair is blowing all the time if you're tired of too much blowing
Well, here's the answer for you do something about because you know that big bald spot
Guess what it blows here's what you do about the bald spot
Look good about it
That's right. Go see my good buddy Charles Alfieery because he's got the latest technology that helps you look like what you wanted for a long time
A great looking head of hair and a younger look as well
So get the natural hair line you've wanted for a long time today
And now is still a smart time to call because it's still summertime and the summertime special is still good
Makes you near Rogers. They'll not 300 bucks off the regular price and Charlie
Services and repairs all types of pieces to why you wait for as little as 30 bucks
So if you weren't some mouse you look at muskrat like Bob Eisenberg on your head or some powdery looking thing like mo
Forget about that too because the Charlie make you look better
So here's the deal if you don't love the way it looks and feels we're talking about Charlie's natural hair line
System and you're not getting laid at least four or five times today
Charlie will give you a full refund so wait no longer get rid of that bald spot and get you a great looking head of hair for once
Once and for all you know what i'm saying? Oh god about it that bald spot
Don't forget mention my name you'll save 300 bucks when you call 1-800-3124-13
That's 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website if you like if you can spell it at Charles Alfieery.com
Fr Keep bloody
Hey cowboy, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool,
Look at him out!
He's a special and just must have been Christian right
So they're the only certain things he can say
So just to save all your tries
With the plain old life
If too much bush is known, just do it anyway
He's a goal
He's a cowboy
George W. Bushwold is intact
He's a goal
He's a cowboy
George W. Bushwold is intact
He's a cowboy
He's a cowboy
George W. Bushwold is intact
He's a cowboy
George W. Bushwold is intact
He's a cowboy
George W. Bushwold is intact
George W. Bushwold is intact
in the media learrested because they couldn't obtain a sworn statement that she was in possession
of cocaine rollin said the governor asked about his daughter before going into a floater
cabinet meeting in talahassi said he wouldn't discuss her with the media.
This is a private issue as it relates to my daughter and myself and my wife he said the
road to recovery is a rocky one for a lot of people who have this kind of problem.
I don't have any details about what happened I just found out he'd be saying.
The investigation will continue said rollin who had it that police hadn't interviewed
Noel Bush as of this morning possession of any amount of cocaine is a felony police
said.
In July, Noel Bush was found to be in contempt of court because the worker at the treatment
center found her carrying prescription pills of Judd centered a jail for three days.
She was arrested in January the talahassi pharmacy drive-through window for allegedly
trying to buy the anxiety drug Xanax with a fraudulent prescription in Georgia would
like some by the way.
In a Tuesday related the governor said my family loves Noel very much continues to pray
for her continued progress.
We again asked the public in need to respect our privacy during this difficult time for
our family.
Right.
The whole family.
These are these good Christians and he's talking about the anti-Christian bias and the
media about Jerry Regier and about this and all setting themselves up is better holier
than us.
From Neil Bush to George W. with his problems that you don't want to talk about because
it was too embarrassing and hoping that everybody would forget his variety of problems and the
entire Jeb Bush family from the little punky one who used to look pretty good.
What's his name?
What's his name?
George P.
George P.
George P.
Yeah.
And then the other one that was a screw in his girlfriend in a parking lot out in broad
daylight and some car day and a shopping mall until I had the parking lot.
What's wrong with that?
Do you ever get screwed in the parking lot?
Hurts.
I guess it depends on where you're parking.
Oh boy.
I've done it.
It is poor.
See, this is what bugs me.
All families have got their thing.
But when people set themselves up as holier than now, whether it's Jim Baker, whether it's
Jimmy Swaggart, whether it's Henry Hyde and Bob Livingston and all these other good
holier than now, penis pointers, and then it come to find out that they're just as
better worse than anybody else.
Everybody's got their crap.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I say that they're full of crap.
That's what I'm saying.
I say vote for Bill McBride today because he can knock Bush off in November.
Oh, that article I had yesterday about how the country is suffering from Bush fatigue.
Boy, never have two awards been spoken.
Bush fatigue.
When in doubt, get him out.
Speaking of somebody who needs to get out, this Theresa LaPore and Pomona.
What, this bitch?
How can she still have that job?
Pictures.
She must have the same pictures that George W's got of Tony Blair.
Oh, here's the, what's the mark, pop?
He's for contempt for having in her position some prescription drugs that were taken from
a medicine cabinet.
She claims she's wearing a white sclaring on Mark Prouder's ball spot.
Boy, she looks a mess, Mark Prouder.
He's selling about telling the truth.
Is that a country with that story?
Okay, get out of here, Mark.
You're boring me.
Voters, questions, poll workers walk out has LaPore scrambling.
Oh, how unusual that is.
The Palm Beach County elections office was inundated with telephone calls yesterday from
potential voters with questions about where to vote in today's primary.
The complaints came on the same day that elections official discovered that about 100 disgruntled
pool workers had quit.
Meanwhile, Theresa LaPore, elections chiefs that she had about fit the, in the federal
of the butterfly ballot, said she had about 50 operators working the phone lines to
answer the dead youth of questions that poured in yesterday, but said she would not be able
to provide a count of calls handled until after the election.
More than 50 calls were also called on the South Florida Sunset Law Fizz in Delray Beach.
In the meantime, she said voters with questions can call her orifice between 7 a.m. and 7 p.m. today.
In other words, now additional operators will be on hand again.
There are two other alternatives.
Voters can match up their precinct number with a corrected rest in the full page notices
that were printed in Sunday Sunscentle A sections or in the Palm Beach County Daily newspapers
like the Palm Beach Post A.
Or go to the elections office website, look it up at www.pbelections.org slash news slash
polock.co. O9, etc. Earlier in the day, it was learned that some 100 Palm Beach County
elections poll workers quit over the weekend.
The resignation left County elections officials scrambling to find replacements.
County elections supervise LaPore said the poll workers quit because they didn't like
their new precinct locations.
Many of the County's polling places changed after the state went through its mandatory
once every decade, reapportionment of voting districts.
Even though LaPore said it was explained to poll workers during the eight hours of printing
and orientation classes that their poll locations could change this year, many districts
decided to quit.
Walk out.
It's just mind boggling LaPore said.
Like, little bit more, kind of like that butterfly ballot, mind boggling.
Some called in fact to let elections offices know they wouldn't show up today.
Others didn't leave their names, phone numbers, even their polling places.
They just called up enough messages on their election office as a voice man.
In other words, I quit.
See ya.
We've been on the phone literally all weekend calling people that we had on our list
LaPore said we've used up our contingency list, calling others to see if they'll work
that probably go out on the streets and drag people off on the streets to be poll workers
today.
You want to make a few bucks?
Great.
You're hired.
So there you go.
More hanky, panky.
And of course, you know, just like that article said before, the Mike Mayo piece, what if
we have a real nip and tuck between McBride and Reno?
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
And of course, you don't think that those people in power want to see McBride win, do
you?
No.
Of course.
For once in their life, I can see all these very enthusiastic Republicans embracing Janet
Reno.
Just putting the old big squeeze on old Janet.
It shall let them.
Here's somebody that put in the big squeeze on today.
US lawmakers said Martha Stewart news conference this afternoon.
O!
US lawmakers said they'll hold a news conference today to announce the findings of their
probative whether Martha Stewart had inside information when she sold incone system shares
ink.
Representatives Billy Tausman and James Green would have scheduled a news conference
two thirty this afternoon in Washington.
Tausman a Louisiana Republican chair is the House Energy and Commerce Committee which
started probing Stewart's trade its part of its inquiry into incone and cancer drug
herbitux.
Greenwood, a Pennsylvania Republican chair is the panel's oversight committee.
Tausman spokesman Ken Johnson said last week the congressman would announce his next
move in the Stewart probe on Tuesday.
That could include some peenings to answer questions.
Issue will report on evidence uncovered or referring criminal charges to the US Justice
Department Johnson said at the time.
A spokesman for Stewart could not of course be immediately reached for comment.
Two thirty this afternoon I hope they nail her ass to across you know what?
Yeah.
And maybe even the rest of that bitch too why not?
Hundred eighty one votes on our poll if Neil plays all comedy bits tomorrow 9-11 it will
be better than rehashing 9-11.
Ninety two almost fifty one percent said that out of one on eighty one.
Sensational forty.
Boring twenty three twelve point seven they are one they think it's going to be boring.
In bad taste thirteen this respectful ten and on patriotic only three only trace just
a tiny trace of the audience ten twenty six at five sixty QM I bet you Jeff Cohen is going
to be opening that brand new pizza lot any minute now don't you think any second what
day did he come in last week was it like Thursday or something Tuesday.
Tuesday and today last time I checked his Tuesday.
So any minute now Jeff Cohen is going to be opening the brand new pizza lot in plantation
that's the most exciting thing to have an out there west power since I got there.
And of course they're going to be on the corner of the sun rise right behind Walgreens in
that little strip shopping center.
And I'm sure the food is going to be equally sensational and the portions equally gigantic
and fresh and delicious and the prices equally teeny and tiny and very impressive.
You're going to love the pizza lot don't forget the original Howard locations still going
stronger than ever.
They're on university drive right beyond pure and imports acres and acres tons.
When you say it acres sure why not a free parking I would say that that's a good
sure more than one bunch of free parking anyway pizza lot would like I said gigantic fresh
Italian goodies three different kinds of great pizza the best garlic rolls you've ever
popped in your push all kinds of fantastic Italian dishes chicken and veal and seafood
super sucks and lots more to for take out for delivery for catering for as low as five
bucks per person called nine five four nine one six eighty eight eighty nine five four nine
one six eighty eight eighty that's university drive right between Griffin and five ninety
five kitty corn of the brand new armadillo cafe and don't forget the brand new one opening
any second I keep an IPO for it not Helen Sunrise in plantation the pizza lot it's spectacular
line and local your sports radio five sixty you a you a yeah
yeah
that push
Friday night is in the what how to and all it's presidential
there he's there in the overlapped so he's not sure what an oval is
he's practicing speech that he's been working on for weeks should be a breeze
but it's not for a man who thinks that if you're from Iran you're Iranian
Saturday he's still no smarter think what's in the center central
but got about it
you could say his brain is this kind of like the chain he's clapped up ventricle
now he goes to give the speech with words his goal cap cannot reach he looks afraid
but he won't tell you how he feels instead he'll talk about some bad mistakes
they still make he can't fail he can't cry now
now he can't speak though what he says though is in doubt
you'll never clue don't bring it in his head so he just
babbles on
babbles on
babbles on
I'm here I'm here just in my facts just got jammed up a little bit I just had to go
to lift it up and the facts cover to let's see if that thing's going to print out
because I don't want to risk this good stuff that happened on the no-well story
too I got like a little jammed
hey here's a follow up to the I think we had yesterday very important story
did I think for that one moment please play a little music
oh sure
bitches
still skipping I know
I'm getting points
the mini display
it still skips
it's skipping
yeah well that's good nobody else is playing it like that
Gordon Lightfoot is going to be okay by the way he underwent emergency stomach surgery
weren't you very concerned about that
eternal bleeding yeah
Hamilton, Ontario singer songwriter Gordon Lightfoot
who's his includes sundown and wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald why
wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald of course the most depressing song ever made possibly
I never heard that in my life you've got to be you know if you heard it you'd say oh that thing you
you blocked it from your mind yeah
yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
you've heard it
we'll get Book of Brian to send you a copy
just the thought of it made me sneeze you know no it's depressing
here's Adam our salesholder says I have a client that asked if you do live spots
for them they were commercial come up I'm a summoner guys here no problem
I had a thing you want okay we don't care anymore just take the money just take
the money and run at him we don't care whatever you want just as long as they
don't have cult meetings there in their joint
as long as they got a good joint anyway the 63 year old Canadian performer
underwent emergency surgery Sunday for an unspecified stomach ailment
he had internal bleeding
well this story I see this story is like about a couple hours older than one it's not a
front page of the guy named national post day he had the internal bleeding
but he's going to be just fine aren't you relieved much and he can come right to your
house and sing that song you what what is it again the wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald
oh you know what I would do to that song
but got about it yeah Reno turned away from pulling location this is a panic
this is great the 2002 win them all in place they don't have to play a music
I just got a little my nose a little bit I don't want to have like stuff of
sinuses especially now that my sinuses are so lovely the 2002 vote itself
was not off to a smooth start channel 10 news is receiving numerous reports of
polling problems here we go again here we go again and Florida where they can't get
anything right while polls worst scheduled to be open at seven o'clock this
morning it seems not all places were ready
democratic gubernatorial candidate Janet Reno was turned away this morning when
she tried to vote at St. Catherine's Year of Church on 107th Avenue she was
able to vote later I think it's important that the voters overcome mistakes by
made by others are faded a plan by others the former US Attorney General said
we've had a lot of reports and a lot of precincts that they weren't open on time
as required by state law apparently a lot of the poll workers were not familiar
with our procedures said just sell a salas of date county elections they didn't
understand the procedures that they've been taught in training and had difficulty
opening the machines
salas said that some workers asked voters to wait outside till all the machines
were on which goes against their policy she also said that despite the
months of preparation that went into this election they're still dealing with a
human element in other words a lot of morons there were a lot of poll workers who
are elderly and they're a little bit afraid computers afraid of computers they're
looking at these machines and if they were computers and a lot of them were
hesitant to get the procedure started early in the morning and we had to walk them
through it we had to get their walkers out and walk them through it oh god
that devil lives in computers some voters were frustrated others had to leave
without casting their ballots I have to come back after school and it's difficult
when you have a child in use to voting at a certain time the polls are open at
seven AM I should be a lot of voted seven AM said one voter who left the elections
office is now sending out troubleshooting teams and getting on the phone with any
workers who haven't problems oh god almighty there's only one thing we said it
in 2000 over and over again and I guess there's only one thing to say that's true
Floridians dumb as dirt oh god about it yeah priest suspended for
alleged sexual abuse the arts that is a new one oh the arts dices of Boston
suspended another priest yesterday after an allegation of sexual misconduct with
a minor was made against him the allegation against the Reverend Leonard E.
Pelletier pastor of St. Louis difference in Lowell mass was reported for the
first time recently and dates back more than 20 years the art dices be
sand arch dices representatives have met with the parish staff of St. Louis
different and an announcement was planned for mass last night a regional
bishop of social worker and other support staff planned on attending weekend
message the arts dices said pastoral and counseling support have also been offered
the alleged victim and the political course because they're a lot more worried
about the priest in covering up his ass than the victims a message left for
a political last night was of course not immediately recurrent to the Boston
Globe aren't you surprised no this surprises me not Sacramento King star Chris
Weber was indicted yesterday on charges he lied to a grand jury about his
dealings with a university of Michigan basketball booster more than a decade
ago not to proceed this university of Michigan Weber who led Michigan's
Fab five team to two NCAA title games was charged with obstruction of justice
and making a false declaration before a grand jury FBI spokeswoman drawn a
plenty said Weber's father mace Weber and his aunt Charlene Johnson were indicted
on the same charges if convicted each faces up to ten years in prison at a
five hundred thousand dollar fine how do you like that look good about it the
indictment contains that Weber his father and aunt lied to the grand jury and
conspired to conceal the cash checks clothing jewelry and other benefits that booster
Ed Martin gave the player in his family from 1988 to 93 all three testified in
2000 the Kings and League spokesman each refused to comment on the indictment
messages he can comment from the older rubber and Johnson were not immediately
returned and see a double a spokesman Wally Renfrow said Monday night that the college
governing body would not comment on the indictment we don't talk about infraction
cases Renfrow said after Martin's indictment Weber publicly denied taking significant
amounts of money from him and said the government's charges were inaccurate Martin
pleaded guilty and made a conspiracy to launder money Martin admitted he took
gambling money mixed it with earned income and money to give him a given him from
another person then loaned it to at least four players rather were amateurs Martin
said he paid 280 grand to Weber 160 thousand dollars to Robert trailer now with the
New Orleans Hornets 105 grand and Maurice Taylor now with Houston Rockets and 71
grand a Lewis Bullock who's been playing professionally in Europe trailer and
Bullock admitted receiving the money in testimony of the grand jury the returning
Steve Fishman said former Michigan guard Jalen Rose now with the Chicago Bulls
also said May that he took pocket money from Martin how do you like them apples
I look good about it that's right because he's from Michigan 20 to 11 at 560
oh wait a minute look at I better do that Q.A.M.
My life and love this is 4305 City
Q.A.M.
Happy 4th
Come and listen to my story about a man named Job whose wallet was as big as his
face he smelled of head he became a governor and dictator too simply by
having more money than you billionaire that is dirty deals ex-presidential dad
in a real-goober-goober night tour he raised the other doober's name was
buddy the K had an opening suit and a skeleton head and when they took his
balls they discovered he was dead brain dead that is no brains a backwards
room now Jeff represents the Christian Reich but somehow got support from the
Jewish journal Kites now they're all in a mass grave very very deep and his
wife wears a necklace of the fillings from their team Jewish goals
healthy down of course
the Tallahassee Millionaire
starring I'm Rick Timler as Chip Bush
Ava Braun as Columbus
Ariana Huffington as Granny and Dan Burton as General Berkhalder
the Tallahassee Millionaire
brought to you by the gun
eight forgot about it 1044 560 WQM having Tuesday to its election they get out
there and do it baby vote for a five times for Bill McBride in fact I wouldn't
do that vote for five times for Bill McBride and once for Janet you know just
if you don't feel bad huh the risk of a bad guy that Janet Reno he's okay but no
chance and of course vote no one now what was it number 14 punch 243 in spite of
what George tried to tell you before it was from another fact I don't care what
it was from that fact was probably from an e to Brian's right husband London
groups and out here's a story I've seen 85 different versions of the same
story okay and you can spin this story however you want and of course you do
understand that the entire world now is being spun heavy duty now heavy heavy
heavy heavy no I'm talking these last few days with this or back business I
mean he's spinning it's like a dreidel wrong holiday W he don't always do
holidays but he seems to be very effective at it anyway London groups says
Iraq lacks nuclear material for bomb rights war and hoage in the New York times
Saddam Hussein has substantial stockpons of chemical and biological weapons
and the capacity to expand production of them on short notice but Iraq will be
unable to build nuclear weapon for years unless it obtains radioactive material on
the black market a leading security affairs research organization said yesterday
the group the International Institute for Strategic Studies which is based in
London said that while there remained many doubts about the quantities and
capabilities of Mr. Hussein's war material there was no question that his
government's priority was developing weapons of mass destruction war sanctions
and inspections have reversed and retarded but not limited eliminated Iraq's
nuclear biological and chemical weapons and long range missile capacity no
removed bagdads enduring interest in developing these capabilities John
Chippman the institute director said at news conference the retention of weapons
of mass description of description capacities by Iraq is self-evidently the
core objective of the regime for its sacrifice all of the domestic and foreign
policy goals to the singular aim Mr. Chippman said sooner or later it seems
the current Iraqi regime will eventually achieve its aims and like George said
to me before the show today if we're going to go and invade every country in the
world it's attempting to develop weapons of mass destruction we're going to be
invaded just about everybody if my mathematics is correct right we're going to be
real busy yeah we're going to be awful busy we've tried lots of mean
sanctions inspections air strikes to force the Iraqi cooperate with inspectors
and that has hasn't happened Gary Samor the reports author said Mr. Chippman
noted that both courses of action and discussion held risk wait and the threat will
grow strike and the threat may be used he said I just mentioned that in passing that
story has been spun every which way the last couple of days FBI warns of potential threats
not that we want to get anybody nervous as we're approaching the anniversary of
and in case you haven't noticed tomorrow's the anniversary of 9-11
fearful of new terror attacks but armed with little specific information the government
warned potential targets to be on high alert and they run up to the September 11th
anniversary while all George is doing that he's high on alert while officials say they have
noted tales outlining and impending attack they're taking no chances the FBI told police
utilities banks in the transportation industry to be wary US military bases and diplomatic
missions worldwide also run a high security alert for the week are you being wary
White House press secretary Erie Fleischer said yesterday the threat of new attacks remains
awarded US officials anniversaries can be not necessarily always can be occasions for heightened
terrorist activity Fleischer said just given the fact that it's a one year anniversary we're
going to be on our toes he said the State Department issued a worldwide caution last night
urging Americans to remain especially vigilant this week in the past few days US intelligence
agencies have detected what officials now described as a marked increase in terrorist
chatter information from under communications and other sources that are used as a
barometer of the likelihood of potential attacks the FBI's national infrastructure protection center
which assesses threats to key utilities infrastructure issued a general alert last week
the large volume of threats have under of undetermined reliability continues to be received
and investigated by the FBI several of these threats make reference to the events of 9-11-2001
Anthony York City and Washington DC other events mentioned on the website is warranting increased
awareness include the September 10 through 20th UN General Assembly session in New York and the
September 25th of 29th World Bank International Monetary Fund meetings in Washington the warnings
are based on information from all US intelligence sources from telephone calls to interviews with
the Tainese at the US Navy based in Guantanamo according to a senior law enforcement official
Are you on alert now okay are you high on alert you better get a high on alert mister okay
got the crap maybe that's what the governor's daughter was just trying to do again
maybe she was on high alert well that'll perky right up
there emergency response training for massive attack remains weak report says this is by
sia open Macdonough associate at press probably kind of that Sean Macdonough because this is in the
Boston Globe that boring Sean Macdonough does the red socks him oh god is he boring or what terminal
the emergency response system remains ill prepared to deal with an attack on a US city with a
weapon of mass destruction a report released yesterday concludes the federation of American
scientists study released in conjunction with Wednesday's first anniversary of the attacks on
the yorkamashnan offers a dismal reading on the abilities of doctors nurses law enforcers and
others to respond effectively to a nuclear biological or chemical attack most people don't
feel prepared said Henry Kelly the federation's president and co-author of the 40 page study
there are smart people prepared an emergency procedures he said but their training is inadequate
to handle larger scale disasters having the equipment is one thing but knowing what to do with it
is another Kelly said the keys to emergency response he said are updated and coordinated training
programs the federation surveyed police officers firefighters emergency medical technicians
and hospital workers the frontline workers responding to an attack most indicated they felt
unprepared to handle an attack with a weapon of mass destruction the report said civilian and
military medical personnel need to be trained quickly to respond to events involving weapons of
mass destruction then give an access to refresher courses it recommended development of a coordinated
federal state local training plan while 9-11 galvanized people in the waxed and training programs
exist Kelly said much needs to be done to coordinate work by different agencies and to update
training methods training should be integrated into medical schools nursing schools and other
institutions that provide initial instruction he said and response training should be offered as
continuing education and refresher courses the studies said federal planners are not taking
advantage of new information technologies many developed and deployed by the defense department
to train the more than five million emergency responders in the US in other words we're a little
bit slow there were a lot of programs out there said midge morrow on earth who trains police
on emergency responses everybody's doing some kind of training but the matter is is it standardized
and cohesive without central guidance responders are trained differently for similar situations
morrow said when you have so many different agencies trying to make an impact we lose standardization
in other words the right hand don't know what the left hand is doing is what she's saying and do
we believe that uh-huh yes we do well done found two promising so let's just cross our fingers and legs
and hopefully that algae zero and boy i'll tell you CNN is really i'm sure the other networks too
really pushing this and pump it is i wouldn't be surprised before the end of tomorrow we see
them doggie snuff tapes again i'm telling you just one more time oh the tape they had today over
and over and over and over and at tape purportedly of osama bin Laden praises the 19 al-Qaeda hijackers
were changing the face of history when they flew airliners in the world trade center in Pentagon
last year there aren't enough words to describe how great these men weren't how great their deeds
were of bin Laden said in an audio tape message played yesterday by the gutter based Arabic language
tv news network al-Jazeera it was not immediately clear when the tape was made but the left no doubt
the al-Qaeda was behind the terror attack as if we had a doubt that killed more than 3,000 people
it's a little late to be having doubts now wouldn't you think a little bit after we went over
there and invaded Afghanistan and blew the a lot of these people blew our crap away and the past
al-Qaeda released tapes claiming responsibility for terror attacks such as the october 2000 bombing
of the west's colonia and months afterwards when you talk about the invasion of new york and
watching you talk about the men who changed the faces of history and went against the traitors
bin Laden said on the tape these great men have consolidated faith in the hearts of believers
and underlined the plans of the crusaders and their agents in the region this reminds me of the
doggy uh... stuff they've had the same kind of naive approach the life all well you know it's
seen this shows just how barbaric and shows the nature of these people as if you know killing
three thousand people and hoping to kill a lot more than that didn't indicate what we were dealing
with the kind of barbarism in the lunacy that they're guilty of kind of religious fanaticism
or somebody wants to talk about yeah we don't want to be poor but now we really hate it yeah now we
really hate them if you thought they were evil doers before now they're really really evil doers not
just what we thought before but got about it right man accused speaking of terrorists and evil
doers man accused of conspiring to set up terrorist training camp in Oregon played innocent
a man accused of trying to help al-Qaeda set up a terrorist training camp in Oregon played
at innocent yesterday to conspiracy and weapons violation charges james ujama 36 didn't speak
during the brief court hearing except to say that he understood the charges remember that remember
the ujama's just don't forget to put them on tonight especially in the winter time
ujama was indicted on August 29th about a federal grand jury in Seattle on charges of conspiracy
to provide material support and resources for al-Qaeda's Osama bin Laden's near a terrorist network
and with using curing possessing and discharging firearms during a crime the indictment
contends that ujama a Muslim who was born james Thompson led a conspiracy in 1999 to set up a
training camp in blight or a gun magistrate john wineberg said trial for November 4th and
scheduled attainment hearing for a monday next monday ujama remains in federal custody ujama
was born in Denver grew up in Seattle where he worked as a community activist it was arrested in
Denver on a material witness warranted July 22th they conspiracy charged curries a maximum penalty
of 15 years in prison and a $250,000 fine the other 10 years in prison and the $250,000 fine
attorney peter often balker said his clients that family has maintained his innocence he refused
to comment further ujama's mother peggy Thompson to Seattle began crying when her son entered the
courtroom monday i'm just glad to see him she said he's innocent and i'm confident he'll be fine
oh we're fine exactly uh two hundred thirty eight votes on our survey and i understand that
there's gonna be a small handful of people out there gonna like you know all that need a
Rogers boy he just always has to be different like you know you're gonna get all the coverage you
could possibly want and then a million times more on nine eleven tomorrow i mean all week long
we've had it in fact all year long we've had it but it's building up to a jug get it to a fever
to a feeding frenzy to a crescendo let's see that one picture one more time of the crater
yeah let's see uh you know a few more people in tears let's see the crater again let's see the
people jumping out of the buildings man like i said i said yesterday i'll say it again
tv does the best job of exploiting human misery and suffering and
desensitizing the public all of these things because after you see it for the five million time i
don't care how grotesque how graphic it is it doesn't mean anything anymore
it means nothing you just keep seeing those images and you just kind of like frozen it and it has
no significance anymore but anyway so we're gonna like probably like do something different tomorrow
like maybe take the day off maybe we'll just have silence for four hours how do you think
eight four hour moment of silence i suggest that then if Neil plays all comedy bits tomorrow
and i'd love it it will be better than rehashing last nine eleven one hundred and twenty two fifty one
percent sensational fifty four twenty two and a percent boring twenty eight eleven and a half
percent in bad pay seventeen this respectful thirteen and on patriotic six six people said i'd
be on patriotic be doing that and boy the last thing i want to do is be on patriotic unit i want
to like wave my put my arm up in a ear into forty five degree angle and sing dutch landu
buralas gamirista want to do my hindra kimmer hop
ten fifty six at five sixty wqm if you love your home but you just need more space here's the
answer for you that you've been looking for do what hundreds of other smart people are doing
call strictly additions whether you're having a baby in another room if you're converting a
car port or patio and living space if you went into business for yourself and you want to make a
home office just call the great folks at strictly additions there you're one stop shot more space
for your place place with an absolutely worry for your approach to expanding your living space
no shows by the other contractors that let you down won't happen incomplete work no way Jose
no unexpected bills no worries about the job not getting done right and they take care of every
detail they'll draw up your blueprints they get the building permits handle all the inspections
strictly addition has got an easy five step approach to total total customer satisfaction
number one they call the schedule a free project evaluation appointment at your home where a
project estimated will determine the scope of your addition number two they schedule a bit
appointment their convenience room where you'll get a detailed proposal and an exact price for
your work number three select your finishing touches go to contract number four review the design
architectural drawings and then number five sit back and enjoy with a big smile on your face as
your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable crawly it's so easy it's almost a piece
of cake you're strictly additions to call it nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred that's
nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred their license they're ensuring professionals
who do spectacular work for you just check out the red and yellow pages if you like calls nine five
four seven nine one eighty one hundred and tell them that Neil told you to call strictly addition
my life and look all this is four twenty oh five sixty
you weigh two a half
and
manage
oh
right
look at who that is
everybody look at who that is
no no no no look at who that is
that is the winner
he is the race and win
race around
if it's hard that is
are you race driver that's never win
that is the winner
race
oh
now see here are you kids
they call me Mr. Rims
or one day sooner or later
race in the rocket
or where
you should look for today
or
where I came in
it's a bit
please
or get that on him house by the day
or anything
or the day
that chance
that is you keep calling it last
is that why you don't go out with me
you make you slow you can't compete
where I may be slow on the street
but I show be fast on my feet
you
are
I
like that
you
pa
pa
pa
ma
R this is you
1102 at 560 QAM, the 8-0 Bill McBride, Democratic candidate for governor.
I just mentioned that in passing.
A couple of very distressing notices here on the Facts Machine.
Laura says, like a good citizen I went this morning to vote.
First of all, my voting place didn't even open until 7.07 AM.
Once inside, a poll worker titled Deputy Sheriff advises us that the computers are still
being programmed and will have to form a line and wait.
Why wasn't this all done before 7AM, Shiaks?
The poll workers are all 100 years old.
My last name starts with AM.
When I reached the poll worker, Shiaks tells me I'm in the wrong line.
I need to go to the M line.
I told her my last name was AM.
Then she starts looking for my name and finally says, my name is non-list,
even though I've been voting there for over 20 years.
At 7.30 AM, the poll worker was still looking for my name.
The computers are still being programmed.
The line's getting longer.
I need to be worked by 8AM.
AM.
Finally, I discussed I took my driver's license and voter registration from the poll worker's
hand.
Stated, I'm getting a hell out of this place and left very pissed off and fired up.
As I was leaving, I told the deputy sheriff I was leaving without voting.
And my first call when I got to my office would be the Miami Herald.
The election department sucks.
First of all, they need to hire workers that are under 150 years old and who speak English.
How do you like that, huh?
Bokeh.
Bokeh.
Bokeh.
Somebody in Bokeh says.
That's Bokeh.
Oh, Bokeh Brian says.
Somebody in Bokeh.
Who sounds like Willie T. Ribs.
Just got back from my Palm Beach polling location.
I pleased the report.
I be pleased to report the oxygenary and poll workers showed up.
Not oxygenary and oxygenary.
In other words, they're gasping for it.
They're all over the age of death.
The new machines are fashioned after the Indian casino nickel slots.
I chose the lotto game.
Valet data is entered on a swipe card which probably works as well as the ones at the
radio station.
When I asked the poll workers how things were going, they said.
Oh, we're fine.
Then one old guy's head hit the table like McCluskey and Godfather.
They all agree on one thing.
Terracid La Pue smells like the back of Tito Puente seafood palatine.
Go on and vote today.
Have a great time.
It'll be a real experience.
Report.
More than 180 employees at Florida Child Agency of Crone will pass.
Oh.
Your governor, man, has done such a great job heading that thing up.
The gemster, the one who can't get anything straight in his own family.
The one whose daughter was in trouble over with her nose.
I tell you, I think it would be safe to say.
Remember I was talking that day about taking it up the nose.
I think it would be safe to say that the Bush family has got that genetic problem.
They all came to take it up the nose.
At least something.
Florida's child welfare agency employs at least 183 people with criminal pasts including
felonies such as child molestation, child abuse, sex crimes and drug dealing according
to a report.
Among the Department of Children and Families employs with criminal records, three were
punished for child abuse, 22 for Grand Theft, seven for aggravated battery, two for
DUI manslaughter, three for dealing drugs, ten for aggravated assault with a weapon and
nine for welfare fraud, the Herald reported on Sunday.
One employee that had the agency's data security team in Tallahassee is listed on the
state's list of sexual predators from molesting a five-year-old boy.
DCF spokesman Tim Bacher said the agency doesn't consider the manner of risk because he
doesn't come into contact with clients.
Oh, terrific.
DCF official said the agency was wearing most cases of the charges against the employees
and conducted background checks to make sure their lives were on track and that DCF clients
would not be in danger.
But administrators acknowledged that in some cases the agency did not know about the criminal
pasts.
Bacher said the 183 employees with records should be considered in the context of the number
of people of the agency employees statewide about 24,000.
But that's not too bad.
It's like us at QA.
I'm about 100 people running around in that building.
Mm-hmm.
And only about 90 scumbags.
What's wrong with that?
Oh, elder Bush cites the terror blame game.
Wait a year this.
Can't wait.
And keep in mind the Bush-Saudi Carlisle group connection.
Keep that in the back of your mind while I'm reading this.
Former president Bush, this is Bush 1, said yesterday he thinks the CIA was too harsh
they criticized for failing to alert authorities in advance of the 9-11 terror attacks.
I know that we predicted from time to time that there'd be in city of terror attacks, but
I was surprised by the magnitude of it.
Bush said on NBC's today program yesterday.
What I didn't like was the blame game that followed.
The CIA should have known.
The CIA should have predicted the FBI failed us.
He said, I mean, I get so irritated by these Monday morning quarterbacks who come rushing
in with what should have happened.
Oh, it's big in a quarterbacks.
How about Tom Brady?
Oh!
And you know that line at the manor is always saying that he tuck it or he didn't
decock it.
Yeah.
You worry about the tuck part, man dog.
I'll worry about it.
You cannot predict accurately the intentions of evil people or good people.
Bush and the interview from his summer vacation home in Kenny Bunkport, Maine, underline
the Bunk part.
You can measure where the forces are, but it's impossible to always know when something's
going to happen.
Yeah, it would have been nice to know in advance, but to be able to foil the plan, he said,
that's not the way the real world works.
If you want to call that, that's not the way to, how about all these other attacks that
keep being that they foil in France and all over the goddamn world?
But that's not the way the real world works, he says.
How about the one that the Canadian customs agent up in the northwest?
Remember the guy that was going to, that's come back that was going to go to LA action
blow off the airport?
Shut up.
I see.
But if you want to call that a failure, you have to fail to predict, but it's not the
failure of our intelligence internationally or nationally per se, he said whatever that
means.
Bush, the one-time director of course of the CIA, said he was glad that his son, President
George W. kept George Tenan on his director of the CIA.
It's not that the CIA is weak and no good, the elder board said, it's not that you need
to recognize it, it's not that you need to put it all into some of the roof.
I have great confidence in the director of CIA and he's going to find ways to improve
things.
But what I object to is a painting with such a broad brush that you destroy morale, Bush
said.
Speaking of the war against terrorism, he said, rough against the different kind of enemy
and it's so hard to predict when and how it'll end.
It's not going to end with a definitive judgment on whether Osama Yomami bin Laden is dead
or alive, he said, but a will end when the terrorists realize they don't have the resources
or the will to attack.
Bush also said he was worried about the, here comes the good part, about the effect on
US-Southy relations of the war against terrorism.
What I don't like is demonizing Saudi Arabia, he said, it's not true, they are not enemies
of ours and to come out of that kind of criticism I think is ridiculous, he said.
And people in our position can't afford to be made to look ridiculous.
How do you like that?
But good about it.
Right.
Asshole.
Well, I'm telling you, the Bush bin Laden Carlyle Group connection.
You think Congress is going to investigate that?
Are we going to have a special Congress?
Is Kenny a star?
I'm going to like to conduct some heavy-duty investigations on that, right?
A special report including the word penis and vagina every other word?
I don't think so.
Well, did it have anything to do with penis and vagina?
Maybe.
Because I'll tell you one thing, the public's getting screwed, especially at the gas pump.
Francis Shirok lays out scenario that could lead to using force against Iraq.
See how they're all, just like a bunch of dominoes, see how they're all toppling, they're
all caving in?
Except, of course, for Jean Crachan, our own frog up here.
Paris, French President Jacques Shirok has laid out a scenario for a three-week deadline that
could open a way to using force against Iraq, joining a growing list of leaders who say
they could envisage military action against Baghdad with conditions attached.
Spain and the Netherlands on Monday joined other ranks as allies who, while not signing on
to President Bush's conviction that military action is necessary, are not closing the door.
Britain squarely backs Bush's view that Iraqi leaders Saddam Hussein must be ousted
by force, and Italy is also shown support.
Germany has categorically rejected any military action, and Russia has said it opposes
the use of force, and of course, they're good buddies with Iraq.
In an interview with the New York Times published yesterday, Shirok suggested a two-step plan
by which the UN might permit the use of force via a security council resolution giving
Iraq a three-week deadline that I mentioned that before, and allow the return of UN
weapons inspectors a three-week deadline, like sometime in early October, which would
allow us to go in there like sometime in late October, sufficiently close to the November
5th elections to whip up everybody's pseudo patriotism again, get everybody singing God bless
America, get Kate Smith back out of that wheelchair and out of her grave, and get everybody
on the bandwagoning on board.
Right?
Right.
UN inspectors trying to determine whether Iraq possesses biological, chemical, or nuclear
weapons, left Iraq in 1998 and have been burned from returning since, and about the most
poignant thing that they ever say on TV is, well, Paula, well, Paula.
Yeah, he was on every again today, and he basically said that Scott Ritter was a full of crap.
But I would hasten to point out that this is the same Richard Butler, who in the early
days after 9.11, he became a regular guest there on a CNN morning show with Paula, was
saying that, oh, they got rid of everything.
By the time we left, we made sure they destroyed it.
There's nothing left there.
That one, he was singing that tune one day, and now he's singing a different tune.
How do you like that?
Pretty soon he's going to have his own.
He's going to have Tom Kennedy on with him, do a name that tune.
And Willie T. Ribs going to do a name that tune.
We got Jim Mandage at one, Hank Oldberg for a very, a cameo appearance today at three
or five.
What is it?
Yeah.
Three to four, thirty.
I'll tell you the Humphrey is, he must be jealous of my gig because he's working less
and less and less and enjoying it more.
Hank three to four, thirty.
And he can't help it.
We got a Marlins game.
I'm sure he's really broken up about that.
You got Double Header.
Marlins down the deck at four, thirty to Marlins at the Phillies, a Double Header, five, thirty
to midnight.
Oh, God, hours and hours enough.
That should get some big numbers for us.
No.
Eddie Kay after baseball is over.
And then Joe and Mark overnight.
The Dirty Boys.
And if you missed their material between two and six, Moe will repeat some of it between
six and six, forty five tomorrow morning.
That's Moe Cheswick.
Twelve minutes after 11 at five, sixty, WQM on a great Tuesday, the sun is shining
here.
This is the last day of the excessive heat up here, by the way.
I just mentioned that in past.
Okay.
Nineties today, little smoggy at Dunvada Meadow because tomorrow it's going to be in fact
the rest of the way.
Look at that, twenty to twenty, twenty to twenty four, seventy to and sunny tomorrow,
seventy to and sunny Thursday, seventy five and sunny on Friday.
So if you want to hear the Toronto weather forecast, just stay with us.
Max reshopping, let me tell you again, one last time, please.
Look at about it.
Because if you want to do it the old traditional way, by hopping in your car and running
all over town, getting sweated up, wasting that expensive gas that the Saudis are using
your money for, not only is it what, here's the deal.
Just sit there and use your phone.
Just call one eight hundred mattress.
One eight hundred MATTRES.
You'll be instantly if not sooner connected to an expert bed and consultant whose only
job is to get you the best brand name mattress, not so much bucket in the department store
who's selling lamps one day and so who's the next day and then maybe once a year every
now and then a mattress.
And you got the best choice in the world because they got all the top brands at dial
a mattress like Serta and Seely, Simmons and King Quail.
Every time one of my mattresses is done, I pick up the phone, I call these folks and
they are there in no time at all.
And you get to pick one eight show up between noon and two and one and three, two and for
any two hour window that's convenient for you when you're going to be home.
And of course any day of the week, seven days a week, whoever heard of a deal like that,
only a dial a mattress, which also only are the ones that give you the 30 day in home comfort
guarantee so you can test your mattress the right way by sleeping and screwing your
brains out on it.
Pick up the phone and call them right now.
You'll be sleeping with a big smile on your ugly push as soon as tonight call 1-800-MATRUS.
1-800-MATRUS or check them out on the web if you'd like at mattress.com.
I have a local business piece 560's.
The radio is all yours now.
You in.
Diddy Chuckett or Diddy Cockett?
I'm going to wait for the rest of the story from USA today about Judy Keenan-Worthman.
I got page 1 of the 1-3 pages, where are the pages 2 and 3?
I'll be a student.
I'll upload it.
Or do it just with me.
We'll be in the house, I'll talk to her.
We'll just take another crap.
Hold on that case.
Look out, I'm out.
The head is surprising.
Go with larger.
You'll make no noise at all.
This is my job.
This is my job.
But you must don't make you day in.
I killed my teacher.
It was a accident.
I bust the cabins in head.
You'll wait a few days on tune and we discover that there are some of your mom and her bad guys.
I didn't think you'd treat the public like we're all three-year-old children.
Jerry Falwell's second attempt to shut down Pyrrady website is misguided.
This misfall while lost it against Internet Critics.
Public citizen tells Virginia Court.
A lawsuit Jerry Falwell filed in Virginia against an Internet Critics should be dismissed
because it was filed in the wrong state and has no merit.
Public citizen told a court today.
Yesterday.
It's Falwell's second legal attempt to shut down the Critics website, which Pyrrady's fall well in a statement
about the responsibility of Gays for the terrorist attacks of 9-11 among other things.
The site at www.jerryfallwell.com pokes fun at Falwell's advocacy of biblical literalism and his pension forgiving advice.
Another page reports to discover a biblical code showing that Falwell is a false prophet.
After the site went up last year, Falwell's attorney said these sites creator Illinois resident Gary Cohen
lettered demanding that Cohen turn over the domain names and it's a Falwell.
Cohen refused. Falwell then filed a complaint against Cohen with the World Inlectual Property Organization, WIPO.
WIPO.
Here we hear WIPO.
No.
A legend.
You did now.
A legend trademark violation.
I just know Falwell.
Falwell never had the registered his name.
You were out there again, crapping again.
Not feeling so high.
Why, what's the problem?
I don't know.
It's the thing that's been hanging on in the company.
Listen, I'm waiting.
I hope the audience is listening carefully to this.
Okay.
Oh, I know the timing is bad.
Tomorrow, B-911, if anybody should be called in sick tomorrow, the audience is going to say,
ah, what a wimp.
Hiding under the bed.
I'll be here.
Damn well better be there.
The whiteboard rejected Falwell's claims on June 20th.
Falwell sued Cohen in the U.S. District Court's western district of Virginia.
He led street mark violations in libel.
In a motion filed with the court yesterday, public citizens, which along with the ACLU of Virginia's representing Cohen,
asked the court to dismiss the case for a variety of reasons.
How do you like that, huh?
See, I almost did that like loud cough.
Now, you also, you just refact me that those two pages are that, but that's the wrong story.
Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't know which one you wanted.
But timing of plot news, timing of plot news, fits Bush's agenda.
Oh, that's something that's the fact that I'm going to clear a public says what?
That's the only page I got.
That's the only page?
That's the only page.
Okay, one of two, but never the less.
Because I looked up on USA today, and by the way, there's a story on USA today,
which is another one of the reasons I don't.
Plus, all those colorful pages just blind me, you know, blinded by the blight.
I can't handle all those bright colors.
But there's an article in there we must never forget.
Now, I mean, that's like one step away from a bin Laden was a bad man, you know,
and what he knew.
They're doing it right now on CNN.
But I am told by very, very credible sources who are on the front lines there in the region
that they believe that he is alive, that he is in the tribal areas of Northwest Pakistan,
which is not under the central authority control of the...
Well, let's go get the son of bitch.
What do you say?
Before we start worrying about sand, let's go get that son of a bitch, okay?
Just for all time's sake.
We hit him with five shots, and he's still alive.
Anyway, so there's a story in USA today about why we must never forget.
That's just...
Nobody's going to forget.
We don't have to go through a whole big solemn song in the day, and get all morbid and depressed.
Which, of course, is what they're hoping for, and everybody crappin' in their pants,
which is also what they're hoping for.
That's not going to accomplish anything.
Except, of course, once again, getting everybody to gout the flags and go through this whole pseudo-patriotism routine again,
and doichland, uberalus.
The announcement Monday that US officials had nabbed in the legislature,
kind of terrorists, who had planned to explode a radioactive dirty bomb in the USA,
mechanically, with President Bush and the agenda.
Well, that was the Josepadea thing.
Yes.
It came forth...
So this is all...
I'm looking forward here for the rest of it on the USA today website, and of course I can't find it,
because this story is older than sawdust.
But it says it came four days after Bush proposed a Homeland Security Department in his cabinet,
and ten days after he began the describing doctrine of preemptive military strikes against countries
that threatened the US, it seemed to add impetus to his argument that Sodom Hussein must be ousted
before a raki sell weapons of mass destruction to terrorists.
But some people, especially some Democrats, wonder whether the arrest announcement detailed,
dovetail a little too tidally with Bush's agenda.
Those questions were fueled by the fact that the announcement came a month after Abdullah Al-Muhar's arrest
made athin by reports that he had no radioactive material.
Oh, this is a different one. This is before Josepadea.
Oh, didn't have nothing.
Well, you know, we've had a series of those, and John Ascroft says this, and John Ascroft says
that all turns out to be a bunch of crap, and you might as well...
Oh, God about it.
Right.
Source, Rhode Island Church, sex abuse deal.
By the way, whoever's listening, don't fax me to the two pages, that's an old story.
I thought it was like something new and exciting.
And of course, you know, it made sense to me being with the election coming up.
And of course, we have an election going on today.
If you go to your polling place, there's anybody who speaks the English under the age of 100.
Maybe they'll help you vote.
Is that a disgrace or what?
Is what?
As once again, Florida continue...
I think we got a death wish.
I think that the state of Florida, the people who live there, have this desperate attempt to continue showing their...
Correct.
...to the world.
We got a bunch of mooners.
Once upon a time, we used to have the moonies.
I think now we got the mooners.
Want to just bend over and show their ass to the world.
Hey, I'm a Floridio.
Look how dumb I can be.
And of course, the poll workers, most of whom are comatose.
I know when I voted that last time in 2000, oh, brother.
After in the acres, I mean, we got some people under the age of 100 in the acres.
It's not like an old part.
But they must have shipped them in from sunrise lakes.
It's right up the road.
And agreement has been reached to a subtle decade of lawsuits that accused Roman Catholic clergy of sexual abuse.
A source closely negotiations told the AP.
In all 38 lawsuits were filed on the early 1990s against the diocese of Providence,
by men and women who accused 11 clergy of molesting them when they were children.
The source who spoke on the condition, of course, of anonymity, like everybody else in the world does,
would not say if all 38 cases were affected by the settlement,
a spokeswoman for the diocese would not confirm or deny that the settlement had been reached,
a lawyer for the plaintiff's falsity.
Well, what's the point?
Nobody wants to say nothing to climb the comment.
However,
Bishop Robert, well, they already admitted to it.
Okay.
Great surgery, death sparks the debate.
The death of a city, this is Detroit.
The death of a city councilwoman after a weight reduction surgery has spoken of detention.
Well, you're going to get grossed out on this.
Are you finished eating?
Yes.
Good thing.
Who brought food today?
macaroni grilled.
Oh, I love macaroni grilled.
What did they bring?
I had some like chicken and bowtie pasta,
some sort of a cream sauce, and chuck-hat-veal parm.
All right.
I love theirveal parm.
Let's see.
Here's the facts from all you see.
Who does it from?
Why did you fax me a fax from Tim Pots?
Because.
Because what?
Because you want to waste a sheet of paper?
Because I'm already crumbling it up now.
Hey, Tim.
Go get in the car with mommy and go out for a ride.
Maybe you can pick up Barry Jackass and take him to work at the hero.
Maybe he'll share his brown paper bag lunch with you.
God, Tim Pots.
It's enough to send me straight to the.
Boy, you're just faxing up a storm here, aren't you?
Well, no, I want to do- I want to get back to this story here.
Please.
The death of a city councilwoman in Detroit after weight reduction surgery
has focused attention on a newly available technique in which a noose
is tightened around the stomach.
You ready for that?
Oh, okay.
Councilwoman Brenda Scott, who weighed more than 300 pounds, died September 2th
from an infection by a stomach perforation three days after surgery
had poured here on a hospital, the medical examiner ruled the death by accident.
Probably just a coincidence.
Scott 47 underwent a procedure called LAPBAND Adjustable Gastric Banding,
which won approval from the FDA in June of 2001.
The procedure has been done on nearly 90,000 people other countries,
mostly in Europe over the past nine years.
The procedure involves placing an adjustable silicone band around the upper part of the stomach,
creating a small gastric pouch that limits food consumption and creates an earlier feeling of fullness.
Like you want to pu- that kind of thing.
Once in place, the device is inflated with saline can be tightened or loosened.
It's intended to remain in place permanently but can be removed if necessary.
Surgeons use keyhole surgery to put it in place.
Other surgical treatments for obesity such as stomachs,
stapling, and gastric bypass are more invasive.
Just ask Josh Friedman, he'll smell it.
He'll tell you.
The FDA has said LAPBANDing is intended only for severely obese people.
Those are at least 100 pounds over a waiter twice their ideal body weight and a fellow lose weight by diet,
exercise, and other means.
Doug Pregs, folks, and for Ina-Med Corp. Santa Barbara, California,
makers of the LAPBANDing device said the death rate worldwide has been extremely low,
about 5, let's see, tens, hundreds, 5,000s of 1%.
That's pretty low, you know what I'm pretty low.
So in fact, the next time you see a fat boy on a pod in there,
the door open because he can't get...
No, seriously, just get a few people to help you and go in there and grab him
and stick that gastric band around his pulpit.
I got to big fat rubber band over here.
That'll do.
That sounds good.
Or just snap it at him a little bit.
By the way, Jerry Lewis is okay.
That's what Larry King said last night.
And the French are very delighted to hear that.
283 votes at our survey.
If Neil plays all comedy bits tomorrow, 9-11, it will be better than rehashing 9-11 from last year,
51%-145.
Sensational 61, boring 35, in bad taste 21, this respectful 16, and on patriotic still only 6.
Oh, God, thank God for that.
11, 27, 5, 60, WQM with a mad dog will be on it, 1 o'clock, he'll be on it.
When you shop for quality footwear, am I doing the right spot?
I don't know.
Chuck says yes.
Oh yeah, I'm doing Brandy shoes.
Well, how does he know which shoes there I was going to do?
Could have been a new balance.
He's looking at the lot.
Oh, I see.
Well, how does he know I'm doing the right thing?
Brandy shoes, that's what I'm doing.
Good job there, Chuck.
Chuck said, by the way, you're full of crap.
Anyway, Brandy shoes gives you the biggest selection to choose from.
They have people who work there who really know your feet.
They've been in the same location for a long time.
It's a great shoes.
They're attacked just another shoes.
They're a mega store and they've always got some special deals going on,
which enable you to save a ton of cash on your favorite shoes.
And the top quality names in the world are waiting for you at Brandy's, including rock ports,
S.A.S., Spirit, Timberland, Naturalizer, and lots more.
Brandy's is open every day of your life from 9-9.
Sunday's 10-5.
And you'll find them at 12-9, North Federal Highway in Pompeno Beach.
It's a final summer clearance closeout sale right now, as I speak.
For a select group of famous brands, it up to 73% savings, only at Brandy's shoes in Pompeno Beach.
And like I said, right now.
We are Sports Radio 516, 2AM.
You get a lot of b-fars!
The deal Rogers on Sports Radio WQAM.
Now this is a good point, Matt, let's go.
You took your dollar and the dollar and the cash too cold.
He said honey got money for you.
But when you take him back, it's just a private thing.
We're a hand job.
Hand job.
Hand job.
That's the hand-gift hand job.
Take your clothes off, you bitches.
I'm gonna hold you down like a douchebag.
Take that up a big roll of this rat.
You know, only by the spellgift you tell where it's at.
Hand job.
Hand job.
Work, work.
Hand job.
That's the hand-gift hand job.
The girls in the hand are losing fat guys.
She know how to make a ballman fry.
That's the chase who's shouting out.
We need the skid to mark on the towel.
Hand job.
Hand job.
Hand job.
That's the hand-gift hand job.
Love it 33 at 560 W.D. Kim.
I remember years ago when Hubert Humphrey died from cancer.
He was undergoing chemo and his hair had fallen out.
He was like a boulder.
There was a front cover issue.
It was time magazine.
The public dying of Hubert Humphrey.
What?
The public dying of Hubert Humphrey.
We were watching him with or with him.
You see what I'm saying?
I get it.
I'm thinking about fat boy right now.
As much as we're hoping for him and praying desperately to all the gods.
I'm thinking about myself.
The gods must be crazy because they're not doing nothing for him.
Just like all those people who got incinerated, you were going to go tomorrow?
They're not doing much for him either.
Of course, the specter of him sitting in the run of Ken with his wheelchair off the one side in the handicraft zone.
I don't know.
How's that rich doing?
Actress Patty Duke was hospitalized after suffering a concussion in scoff fracture early in a week when she tried to apply fly spray to a horse in her barn.
Is that an incredible story or what?
Duke 55 who lives in Northern Idaho with her husband Michael Pierce was listed in fair condition at the Kootenai Medical Center's Intensive Care Unit in Kordelay, not a whole scheme.
We know that place.
It's pronounced Kootenie.
Kootenie?
Kootenie.
See, I knew that was right up your alley.
All the young men in the Idaho have been there often.
The I've driven through it fast and drove through Wyoming.
You back to the tree because I thought Dick Cheney might be there.
And they said, oh, no, no, Dick in the Wyoming.
The prognosis is excellent, Pierce said.
Sheriff deputies quoted Pierce as saying that he left the barn while Duke was out about to apply the spray to a two-year-old Philly in one of the stalls, heard a thump and his wife then cried out.
When he got back inside the barn, Pierce told deputies he saw Duke on the floor of the stall.
The horse was excited and nervous and startled but not attacking Pierce was quoted as saying.
Duke was investigating actress Oscar in 1963 for her role in the miracle worker but obviously she needed one there and didn't show off.
Kordelay, the beautiful little town by the way.
I'm happy to hear that and I'll take your word for it.
Speaking of people in hospitals and people getting the rubber bands around their public and their stomach stapled,
study finds over 40 drug eras daily in hospitals.
More than 40 potentially harmful drug eras daily were found on average in hospitals in a new study yet another report on it.
A worrisome problem regulators are working to remedy.
Oh yeah. The most common errors were giving hospitalized patients medication at the wrong times or not at all.
Researches in the study of 36 hospitals and nursing homes in Colorado and Georgia be saying.
Eras occurred in nearly one of five doses in a typical 300-bed hospital which translates to about two errors per patient daily.
You're following that? Two errors per patient daily.
Seven percent of the errors were considered potentially harmful.
The study which didn't evaluate death or injury rates is published in the September 9th Archives of Internal Medicine.
It's based on data collected in 1999.
The rates are similar to those in other reports on drug eras but the new study highlights a specific point in the process of getting a drug to a patient.
Administering errors made by nurses or other hospital staffers after doctors properly prescribed a drug.
Other studies focused on earlier steps such as doctors prescribing the wrong drug or pharmacists incorrectly reading a doctor's messy handwriting.
Amateur always won. Just marveled at that messy handwriting and wondered, hey I wonder if the pharmacists can read that. Well maybe sometime, maybe sometime not.
It's a major problem, not a minor problem and it doesn't let itself to an easy solution said researcher Kenneth Barker in Auburn University professor of pharmacy care systems.
Barker and his colleagues have any way that hospitals are coordinated by the joint commission on accreditation of healthcare organizations, not acquitted in hospitals and nursing facilities.
Error rates were similar regardless of whether institution was acquitted or not.
The researchers said their findings, important implications in a highly publicized 1999 Institute of Medicine reports suggesting that the nation's hospitals have major systems problems.
The IOM reports as the medical eras contribute to more than one million injuries and up to 98,000 deaths annually.
Healthcare workers trained for a new study were sat on site and recorded errors during 81 days of observation.
Potentially harmful errors included overdoses and instances when nurses fail to give patients prescribed medication.
The study follows the joint commission's recent announcement of six safety standards it will require in January to reduce medical errors.
The hospital regulatory agency accredits most of the nation's 6,000 hospitals.
The new standards include demanding better methods of preventing drug errors and hospitals that don't measure up for the risk of losing accreditation and federal money.
So in other words, if you're going to go to the hospital at least wait till January or after, okay?
Okay, because it might be a little bit better than don't count on it, but it might.
300 three votes on our survey on neo-rangers.com.
We asked today if neo-plays all comedy bits tomorrow 9-11 because we're trying to do something different on this show as opposed to being just another one of these repetitious, the same old stuff over and over again things tomorrow.
Better than rehashing last 9-157 people said that almost 52%.
Sensational 62 people say that 20 and a half percent.
Voring 39 12.8% in bad taste 22, disrespectful 17 and unpatriotic still only six.
Oh, that's her it.
That we still only got six of those.
Of course you know who those people are.
Yeah, they're all they're all dialing around trying to find rush right now.
And pillow Riley and maybe the life of Riley too.
How come I say stuff that only Bokeh Bryant and I know what I'm talking about?
Just for fun.
Yeah, keep him alive by the way.
So at least I got one guy out there who knows what I'm talking about.
21 till noon at 560 WDQ.
And by the way, this show is zoom in long just like yesterday.
Yesterday show went by like instead of four hours, four minutes.
Yep.
Tell Hank to in four hours ain't that bad.
Maybe he'll try it sometime before the year is out.
Huh?
What do you think?
Just just one day, hump, or night.
Listen, I admire that.
Just like the mad dog said the day that I asked him, where were you yesterday?
He said F and off.
And I thought that was a great answer.
Are you that?
That's what I said F and A.
I said you cock it and I'll or how is that how that go?
You talk it.
Comor Rado I got into the break.
I'm getting out of that story now and I got to do the break.
Same getting way ahead of myself.
Dry concepts are the best in the world at what they do.
And every business there's one outfit that do it better than everybody else.
And that's why I've been using it in my home for over 20 years.
A couple of months ago while I was I guess I was here, wasn't I?
Yeah.
When they came to the house and they did a spectacular job.
And when I got home I looked around and I said except for where tiny had a field in the corner over there,
they did the magnificent job.
You know what you like to do with a little dog like that when you've had dry concepts come in and they make it look the whole house like brand new carpeting when you have wall to wall in every room.
And your little dog has suit like a day after they leave.
He's in there making a mess.
Yeah, you like you like to take him up and take him right to the microwave and just just hold him up in the air looking at it.
And then maybe open up the door a little bit.
Hey, tiny, take a look in here.
Maybe it looks just your size.
This was made for you, sweetheart.
Anyway, dry concepts will do the same great job for you.
And maybe you don't have a little dog.
Maybe nobody in your household crap on the floor. That'll be the good news.
Dry concepts will make your carpets look and smell fantastic.
Lemony fresh.
They'll be dry in a couple of hours and you'll be the happiest camper.
You won't believe.
I guarantee if you've never used them, you won't believe what a sensational job they do.
And they do the same great job, cleaning your furniture and drapery of spot dying, fiber protection, carpet repairs,
implant oriental rug service for your valuable oriental carpets, the authorization and if you should ever have a flood,
complete water damage restoration.
Guess who's coming to my house today, by the way?
Remember?
Vogue Steve.
Oh, excellent.
Vogue Steve.
And John said, well, he sure is strange.
Anyway, and they give you a written guaranteed price of dry concepts to before they start doing the job.
In Broward County called dry concepts at 9.5.4.
3.70.77.78.
If you're thinking about calling anybody else, oh, God about it.
In Broward 9.5.4.3.70.77.78, and Dator Palm Beach called them toll free 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071.
Clean today, entertained tonight with dry concepts.
What's your favorite song?
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
Heart.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
The first version of Square Fashionq.
that I've crumpled up in the heap and I put him in my little white sack.
Now you don't think I got time here between now one o'clock to go dillin
through my little white sack to it. Oh good. So like I said,
we facts what you got now on its way. Not page one though. I got page one.
Colorado ski resort pulls edge of the ads. Colorado ski industry has been
pulling out the stops to lure young skiers and snowboarders now that aging
baby boomers are battling bad knees. But one resort's edge of the ads were dumped
after some complaint that they went over the edge and one thing we learned on this
show a long time ago don't ever go over the edge. Oh God about it. The
Breckinbridge ski resort used an offensive word for women to lure young
customers in one print ad that begins the hill may dominate you and other ad
referred to courage by using a slang term for male anatomy. And of course in this
story which is by the Associated Press God forbid that they should tell us what
those words were. That's fucking bitch. Something like that.
Bitches. Under pressure from women's groups community leaders, residents
and vines the resort has pulled the ad campaign. They pulled it.
Breckinbridge may or Sam a Mammula city called the resort's chief operating
officer Roger McCarthy on Friday to tell him that guests were canceling
reservations and residents and others were incensed. They were burning incents.
Later in the day, McCarthy called them back to say the ad campaign was being
pulled. The one segment was already in production could not be stopped. Let me tell you
right now about people that burn incents, druggies or farders. The mark, the more
both. The marketing staff was trying to create an EG ad campaign,
appealing to today's youth McCarthy said some of the wording in the two ads
in question crossed the line that should not have been crossed as a result of two
ads have been pulled. He said sometimes when companies make mistakes the best
thing to do is just admit the mistake and move on. Try to cover your ass.
The ads were placed in publications including skateboarding or that's my
favorite. Snowboarding and stance magazines. What's all a stance?
It's an industry magazine. I see about that.
The ski in a ski and snowboarding related and campaigns of a history of being
edgy. Absolute vodka pulled a campaign after veil resorts which owns
Breckenridge, Stretten de Sue. It showed a bottle in the shape of a cast suggesting
a ski accident with the words absolute veil scrawled on it. What's wrong with
that? I don't know. And budget car rental stopped a campaign that showed a
skier tangled in a tree. It offered free premium sunglasses to frequent
customers saying those who rent four times get to see menacing, menacing tree
coming. That probably didn't bother him but the little picture of sunny
boner when the corner was probably in fourth place. Okay now pages two and three.
You tell me page three is screwed up at the top. Well that's okay. You just
forget. You just see that one line and you got about it. Right. This is from the
British to the daily mirror. It says Sodom who's saying his years away from
developing his own nuclear weapons and influential defense report revealed yesterday.
The respected international Institute for Strategic Studies which I had
before here at Surfing New York Times. Demolish claims by Tony Blair and President
Bush that Iraq's weapons are a direct and imminent threat to America and Europe.
The 75 page dossier Sodom could make a nuclear bomb within months if he got hold
of weapons grade material but the experts insist that's highly unlikely and
a rack of ability to produce and use weapons of mass destruction is weaker now than before the 1991
Gulf War. You realize that two thirds of his military were eliminated? Yes I did.
The findings will embarrass number ten. Mr. Blair was accused yesterday of
masterminding an alarmist propaganda campaign to win support for the war in Iraq.
That's number ten downing street where the prime minister lives for you dummies out there.
The French expert said the report published ahead of the premium premier's
promised evidence on the threat from Sodom was nothing new. The London based
something or other said the dictator has only a small force of about a dozen
missiles which cannot reach beyond his Middle East neighbors. The London based IISS,
the International Institute for Strategic Studies. He could develop a nuclear weapon in
months if enriched uranium a key component was still under bought on the black market.
But despite years of trying to acquire uranium Iraq has failed. The reports authors
said there have been reports of attempts but not them unsuccessful. I personally think it is
a low possibility. There you go. Let's close on it like
what he cares about. Because we already know that. It's a good dog and pony show man.
I'll tell you he's doing it. You got to give him credit. He's doing a hell of a job with it. And then of course
Thursday just for two at a time plan the day after the anniversary of 9-11
Thursday there's going to be the speech at the UN.
And they're going to hop on the bandwagon but a beep but a boop but a
bug and they're all going to like you know cave in. You'll see. Okay. Vegas
tribute to 9-11. Let's go to Vegas. What do you say? I mean if our good friend
Lynn Sandeel wants to go to the Atlantic City why don't we go to Vegas? All right.
The words are written in white on a Navy blue cotton t-shirt
bleached gray by the desert sun but they're still visible to the thousands who walk past
the New York New York Hotel casino all gave some some gave all.
The shirt is among hundreds that line defense boarding the hotels facade.
A miniature harbor with 150 foot replica of Lady Liberty and the New York City
skyline farming and more let's bring up hours after the 9-11 terrorist attacks.
People kind of related to the whole New York skyline theme.
Las Vegas Fire Department spokesman Tim Zismanski said someone just left the shirt
there and literally there were now things from all over the world. The World Trade Center was never a part of the
hotel skyline which is supposed to represent the big apple of the 1940s.
With Fire Department patches or agami paper cranes and the same spirit of
remembrance the impromptu attribute resembles those near ground zero.
And the aftermath of the attacks the same day photographs poems candle started appearing in front of the fence
said Felix Rappaport president and chief operating officer for New York New York
Hotel. Have you ever been in there? Did you go in? No. Good.
It's okay. Wasn't there when I was there last? Oh it wasn't there. They have a
shrap in there. You ever go to shrap? Nope. For like an ice cream and probably have like real
malteds in there to a tram. Very quickly that expanded
number of t-shirts many which came from fire companies. We now have t-shirts that represent
fire departments from all over the country as kind of a symbol of solidarity said. Rappaport said the hotels
received more than 2500 shirts and still gets dozens each week either by mail
or when people hang them on the fence. In some places the shirts run more than a dozen layers deep.
John Smithy and emergency medical technician from the San Francisco Bay area
walked along the fence videotaping while in Vegas celebrating his one year wedding anniversary
with his wife Vanessa. It makes you feel more appreciated. Oftentimes when we see
people they're not at their very best and very seldom do we hear thank you he said.
Talked among the shirts is a child's crayon drawing showing the twin powers and
gulf and red smoke and stick people saying
ah across the top is written thank you for trying to say all of the people
stick people saying ah okay for a a's and
the six a's like that
in fact I never knew until this day I never know how you spell
eeeh that must be what it is maybe Greg wrote it
some notes in written pieces have been weathered to seemingly blank pieces of paper the university of
Nevada and Vegas is collected most of the written items to preserve them Rappaport said
though some messages have been lost the sentimentous clear said Jackie
madderick of parsipony new jersey who isn't the memorial with the husband Tony
don't you love that name parsipony new jersey?
mm-hmm it's one of my very favorite names of towns
it makes me feel like the whole country is together she said we live 40 miles
outside in New York and to be across the country and see all of us it really means a lot.
The hotel begins construction of a permanent memorial at the feet of Lady Liberty in October
scheduled to be finished by late December they're not going to commercialize that you think let's not
shadow boxes encased in granite will contain some of the artifacts left by visitors
other items will be archived and stored in UNLV special collections department
people have laid in our left the responsibility of caring for the seven were honored Rappaport said
if they very very heart-felt memorial see it's not commercial so quit
quit being such a skeptic okay one thing about you
327 votes in our survey the votes are slide in
if Neil plays all comedy bits tomorrow for all four hours on 9-11
it will be better than rehashing last 9-11
170 52 percent sensational 64 almost 20 percent
boring 44 13 and a half percent in bad taste 25 this respectful 18
and on patriotic still only six all right i like that only six assholes out there who want to lay a guilt trip on me
oh you're on patriotic man you're a comedy picco canadian uh... nidah dutch uh... douchebag
okay so what's your point i've you know something can i give you one point
all right you know how much i like Tom Lee minimum one of good guy he's now he loves this show
his ad agency blows okay
because first of all they make up copy they change they do like a tad
directly change two or three words and then they give it to bob uh... isenberg
you think he's gonna be right it you think he's gonna do anything creative
anything interesting anything to make like uh... no i'm telling you man we got a crisis in copy at q-a-m
a crisis in copy screw and you idiotic bitch
you slut you piece of turd
we have a crisis of copy it's getting so stale it's like last decade's hall of
arm man it's like pizza that was left in goddamn uh... w-w-w-2 in japan
somewhere that got nuked you think they you think they're eating pizza in japan back then
no no how do you know maybe i don't know well something to think about maybe
something to investigate maybe robber stack knows huh i'll be right out maybe he's
got one under that goddamn topcote wears all the time at french code
and you want to say about guys who wear trench coats what did they say
eleven fifty six at five sixty w-w-q-a-m Tom layman maybe waiting for you to
trench code all over the have to whether i have to cool off a little bit down in
hell of pondiac gmc and they're absolutely at it again they're doing it they are
doing it they're not writing new copy but they're doing it zero percent
financing continues they change like about four or five words and that's it
because their agency blows with the proof credit from gmac you can get zero
percent financing of the thirty six months on all two thousand three pondiac and gmc
models or take you a rebate about to for granted all two thousand two pondiacs
or gmc models and stuck i think that's a way of trying to tell us that the
two thousand three's are in stock now
which is pretty damn exciting i would say in fact i'm pretty anxious to see the
two thousand three corvettes which they don't sell it halif by the way
check out the complete line of gmc SUVs including the envoy voted by motor trend
as SUV the year which i'm sure you are in no plus take a peek at the all new
potty egg vibe SUV a beauty that's got the power of magnificent sports car
halips also has always got a dependable selection of pre-owned cars trust and sport
silly vehicles that you can depend on and as far as credit is concerned even if
you're like shady even if you used to work in radio even if you used to work with a guy from
that to broadcasting school no problem i'll make you a deal at halif so for a great deal
on unbeatable deal on pontex gmc's see halif and they're saying great location they've been doing
people for thirty five years one thirty four oh one sub six e highway that's u s one across
from the falls open every single day of your life seven days a week for more information
call tomlay minute three oh five two three eight forty forty and when you call them tell
hey you know bob isenware burgers a piece of third three oh five two three eight forty
forty halipoddx gmc they do be professional great
why why in local your sports radio five sixty c u a u a m
how it David when i take my feldened i listen to the nil roger's twelve the one hour
mijok says stupid
The girls all look healthy at the bottom page.
How I miss Big Corby last year he went fast and yet it's the fancy.
He comes back for more care last year.
Richie got caught.
We hate it.
Christopher made him shut up with Paulie Walnuts.
I guess.
I'm with something so.
Before the bash the group included James Gandalfini and most of the cast screened the first episode that radio the city music call.
HBO chief Chris Albrecht led the Rockest Pepp rally.
Since the first season we've been approached by pretty much every major studio graces.
Warner Bros will get first digit because it's all in the family that is AOL time Warner owns HB.
Creative leaders will continue these characters and have them grow in the new form.
Grace says adding that he and the series creator David Chase just meant to talk it through.
Production on the movie won't begin until after the fifth and final season.
Grace says shooting for those episodes is slated to start in February and in the US schedule for next September.
The movie could expand into a franchise all a Star Trek rake now just but first he says we want to make sure it has the same care and quality we give to the series.
And then it feels right to take it to this new form and the guy still has the same bad hair piece.
I am sorry. I like I told you my my movie channels here works here the equivalent of HBO.
It's been on every night I guess building up to the end of that.
You're not going to get anything out of it watching it in the middle of the fourth season for seven minutes at a time.
How about two minutes? No. How about ten seconds? Start at the first episode.
Oh wait a minute. I'm land security. Probably what they're going to advise all Americans to do is to keep their eyes open to be even more eyes open.
And they have been to the possibility level is going to be able to or anything.
They might be vicious to their local authorities apart from that care because I don't know yet what the nature of the threat is that they're responding to.
I can't tell you about any additional precautions that might be recommended to the average American certainly it's going to mean that law enforcement agencies across the nation and perhaps across the world are going to have to step up their efforts and their staffing.
The little orange keep your eyes open keep it sealed.
Look good about it.
Every time I say the news is warning we have a yellow light.
Orange light.
They have something to hide.
I don't know how they manipulate their eyes.
What's really has the kind of stuff that you can do like a yellow light.
The kind of life that's going to be a life.
And that's why we have a yellow light.
Can't explain.
And the name of what these lights do.
What these lights are.
Which is that instant.
With a dead of low pens and doodle stars too.
And in a time that's one that's just still in the light.
Have a yellow light.
And that's why.
Something they can't abide.
We have a yellow light.
Oh, it's a black light.
And we got damn crazy.
Are you a boy?
We have a yellow light.
Something they can't abide.
That's why we have a yellow light.
A big light.
And we got damn crazy.
Okay, Governor Tom Bridget.
He'd be saying we're upgrading from yellow to orange now because you don't need to keep your eye peeled.
Keep your eye on it.
Does that tell us anything?
Do we know any more than we did before?
Is there anything specific, even like general?
No.
Just orange alert.
This is also right up your alley.
Not only sopranos, the rest.
They have the George stuff for this hour.
Thank you.
Robert Blake's a changed man.
But for Red of Bragg's he'll be shooting again on TV.
That is.
JL may have made Robert Blake unrecognizable.
And now let's see.
This is on page something in the globe.
I'll pay right on the inside of the front page, page two.
Right after you see Rosie, all the gusty up is a guy.
Oh, and look at that.
You didn't even notice that.
She's wearing plaid pants which are similar to the shorts that Moe wears.
Moe has what kind of golf course.
Only she has much smaller vericose veins.
You think she's got a small vein?
JL may have made Robert Blake unrecognizable, but it hasn't curbed the accused wife killer's cocky attitude.
See how this all ties in together?
The pint sized verreda star is boasting he'll beat the murder rap and make a glittering career comeback.
And there's that picture of him.
You know who he looks like?
I swear to you, you've got to get the globe.
He looks like Todd Dreck.
Oh no, come on.
Yeah.
I'll shriveled up about 2P tall and would like white hair.
He looks just like Todd Dreck.
I tend to this.
I will act again, Blake said it turned 69 September 18th out to talk to your host Larry King from his LA sales.
What is it?
All right, he'll be 69 September 18th.
I'm sorry.
You could use a little punctuation in these stories by the way you idiots at the globe.
And he says his two-year-old daughter Rosie will be there to cheer him on.
Seeing Rosie's on the front page.
That's the same one.
Blake is charged with shooting Rosie's mom, Bonnie Lee, Bakeley and the Hayes, while she's sat in the park car in May 2001.
Rosie will be on a soundstage watching Blake insists.
Everything is about Rosie.
His friend said that one of the first things he'll do when he's released is go to a firing range and shoot guns from his vast collection.
That's what he said.
What would you do?
While Blake talked big to King, the 5-4 actor looked like a shadow of his former pugnacious self when he appeared gaunt and white hair in an LA court August 28th,
where he won a continuance for his trial.
On November 13th prosecutors, we're trying to prove that he murdered a 44-year-old Bakeley.
George is going to be the testify on Robert's behalf by the way to the straight.
Yeah, so the bitch had a coming.
Globe reported July 9th that Blake had become a ranting, sobbing wreck behind bars in the men's central jail in LA, where he was denied the right to die his white hair to his trademark jet black.
But Blake was full of bravado when he bragged to King that his months behind bars were a piece of cake.
These are the worst places to be in the, you know, he says there are worse places to be in the jail.
He said, I've been on worse locations in a worse dressing room.
This cement wilderness is just a passing phase.
The actor's friend saved Blake is convinced to be acquitted.
Robert has got complete confidence in his lawyers and knows that they can persuade a jury to find a minister and find the pal.
He's always saying, you'll see, I'll get off.
There's no way in hell that burrito will be convicted of murder.
In his mind, it's only a matter of time before he's out of jail playing with Rosie and shooting guns from his prize collection.
Oh, we got a Michael Jackson story here too.
All right.
We want to disappoint too bad dad.
Jack O'Plays Scrooge his dad's kicked out of his home.
Michael Jackson's down and out dad was booted from his home after the loved one refused to give him a scent to avoid foreclosure.
Bad business deals like Joe Jackson on the break of ruin and facing foreclosure on his house, but his kids still resentful of his tough parenting didn't do a thing.
Didn't let the finger much less a glove hand to help that guy can live on the street roll.
I care Michael Huff to a family friend.
It was tough and in puff.
There's a picture here like on an angle from like below Michael Jackson's push.
Okay.
And Skeleton that knows.
Yeah.
I mean, for lack of a better word.
Oh, what is it anyway?
In the months leading up to the foreclosure, multi-millionaire Michael's advice is 73 year old father lived in the early empty Las Vegas house.
There was something Michael for your father for your father.
Come on.
No, he was a bastard.
Said the family friend.
There's absolutely no love between Michael and his dad.
At one point when he was hit up by a family member for money for his dad's Vegas house, Michael Huff, you've got to be kidding.
How do you like that?
Of course, you know that high squeaky voice that he's got.
He oughta be kidding.
Yeah, he probably said.
Oh, Jesus, are you fucking kidding me?
Yeah.
Ironically, Joseph launched the Jackson 5 and Michael's career, but he ran the family like a boot camp.
In fact, if the only Sally Jessie would have been around back then her show would still be on the air.
That would have been her most famous boot camp.
When the Jackson's were growing up in Indiana, Joseph worked three jobs so we could afford singing lessons and costume instruments for his kid, said it inside her.
But now that he needs to borrow money, his own son turned his back on him.
Well, he turned his back on a lot of people.
Explain the family friend.
Things haven't been good between Joe and Michael for years.
Ever since the beginning, Joe has been a taskmaster with his children, even since they call him Joseph instead of dad.
Professionally, Joe's hard tactics worked, but personally Joe eliminated his childrens.
And as soon as they were old enough, one by one, they all fired him as their manager.
Kind of like the Beach Boys.
Remember that?
Yes.
His financial condition deteriorated and business deals dissolved in lawsuits.
Although Michael had been in Las Vegas several times in recent weeks, he never once visited or called his father according to the incident.
He knew his father was losing the house. He knew how desperate he was.
But he never even made the slightest attempt to help.
Joseph had lived on and off in his church Vegas getaway for years, while his wife Catherine spends much of her time at their family estate in the Casino, California.
Fortunately, Catherine came to Joseph's rescue, but about the same time his daughter Janet delivered a hard kick to the old man's already better than Ego that evolved another family source.
Joseph recently moved to another place in Vegas that his wife is now leasing for him.
The money you owe for the new place comes straight from Catherine, not Michael.
Meanwhile, Catherine is telling friends that Janet just bought her place in Vegas under one condition that Joseph could not live there.
Joseph is paying the price, late in life, for all the bitterness his kids feel toward him.
It's sad to see you think that after all these years the bitterness would fade away, but it just seems to have gotten stronger.
There's nothing worse than having a bad relationship with your father or mother or mother or both.
Wonder if Mom's will send it to that story.
344 votes on a poll are starting to mount up their man, they're mounting it.
If NeoPay's comedy bits all day tomorrow on 9-11, it would be better than rehashing last 9-11, 174 sensational 71, boring 45, in bad taste 27, disrespectful 18, and unpatriotic we're now up to the eye.
Thank goodness we goose that up a little bit.
Nothing like a good goose.
Have you heard the news about the 3.95% mortgage? I guarantee that you have. Have you heard it?
Sure.
And if you've been thinking about it, quit thinking and start doing something that will save you a lot of cash.
Because now's the smart time to purchase a home or refinance your existing home at the incredibly unbelievably low rate of only 3.95%.
If you have a 7.5% mortgage that 3.95% rate would save you over 3.5% or over 3,500 bucks just the first year alone on a $100,000 mortgage.
Don't make things hard, pick up the phone and call financial group tool free at 1-800-940-L-E-N-D.
That's 1-800-940-5363, getting your mortgage someplace else will cost you thousands and thousands and millions of dollars extra each year.
So just think all our money can save when you have a 3.95% mortgage.
Financial groups help thousands of people just like you.
So do the smart thing and put your financing in the best possible position by getting yourself a 3.95% mortgage.
Call financial group today and tell them that Todd Dreck.
Let me say it against grand. We got a copy crisis at QAM, a copy crisis, yellow alert, orange alert, purple alert.
Call financial group today toll free at 1-800-940-5363. That's 1-800-940-5363.
There are an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change if you wait too long.
My life and look old. This is 4.2560. You're way in, way in.
Baby, come play with these titties.
Okay.
Man, how huge is he?
Let making him too too big is his bedroom to hold.
I can make a throw with my mind and booty
That's where they're just love
Cause I'm such a beauty, it's one of those things I've waited for
The exact effect I have
I can make a throw with my mind and booty
That's where they're just love
Cause I'm such a beauty, it's one of those things I've waited for
The exact effect I have
The exact effect I have
Don't forget Yellow Alert has been increased down there's already flashed right now
But it would be fun, but it would be fun
Yeah, Jakoba Goldstein from a Univision Spanish language radio
I'm not making that up, did you see that?
No
He was asking one of the questions, Jakoba Goldstein, he said
Oh, he's incredible
Something like that
Oh, there he is
Oh, there he is, he's in Jakobal
Is that how you say Jakobal?
No
No
Jacob Man, Jacobo
Of course
Jakobo is from Calls
Get out of there, Aira, whatever you're going to Aria, Aria, Aira
Oh, by the way, did I mention that Steve the Bug Man's at my house today?
You did, you said that he called
And then he was coming over and I said I said, guess who's going to be at my house today?
I said Steve the Bug Man, I'm just mentioning again because he wants a nice plug
I mean, deserves it
Did a nice job of the ants, how's your termites doing still dead?
All gone, still dead
Good, good, a little pellet
Georgia's termites are still dead, my ants are dead in a door nail
And it's all thanks to Steve from what is it ATL?
Alternative termite management
Good guy, they do a good job, they don't come and see he made a good point to me
And that is when you spray in one isolated area
All you're doing is killing whatever happens to be there at the moment
Right, they make up for it
And then they go back and they multiply like a thousand times more
And then with vengeance they come back
Right
But he puts down that stuff, you know, that mong
And little tiny pieces of straw
First of all, you mentioned Georgia's house, he made sure he cut the straw up into very tiny pieces
Because he was afraid of what Georgia might use the straw for
Anyway, remember Kelly Clarkson, what we're talking about at the beginning of the show about the
She's going to be singing the National Anthem
Or God bless America, all of these things
Yeah
Well, I should have had this story back then because this is very important news
It sure is Alabama more important than invading Iraq or all of these ceremonies and the songs
And this whole song that it has to be put in on
Because they want to whip everybody up into a feeding frenzy again
Are they or aren't they in the hero?
This was Saturday
Isn't it inevitable really that asks?
On Fridays today, show American Idol Champ
Kelly Clarkson accidentally remarked that her relationship with the runner of Justin Guarini
May not be strictly platonic reports, TV guide online
When a fan asked Clarkson if she was dating Guarini, she replied
We're just friends, nothing like that yet
Yet
Uh-huh
After realizing what she implied, the Texas beauty who was seated next to Guarini blushed and retracted the comment
Why didn't mean that?
Meanwhile, Clarkson's victory song, a moment like this, will be arriving in music through September 17th
And it's all about guaranteeing to be a hit
Oh!
Yeah, we're quite a hit
He knows you're cute, I'll tell you that
Everybody's big as Kelly Osborne
Probably
Or Kelly Craig
No, nobody's that big
Oh, I'm sorry Kelly, I didn't mean that, we like Kelly Craig
She's just big, you know
She just, you know, she couldn't get off that bicycle pump, she fell on it one day
And it's just, anyway, Kelly Clarkson, who's, you know, marginal looking at best
And Justin Guarini, which I called him cute one day, I want to retract that
Just like she retracted her comment, he's about as cute as a pile of
X-Traman, and he's gross, he's gross
He's got the Willie Ames here, from the scalp up, he looks just like Willie Ames
From the scalp down, I would say
But got about it
Yeah
Yeah, we got bigger fish to fry than that, we got Tom Wellen coming back on a new season on Smallville
You realize it's only the second season of that show?
Right
The reason I say that is because I haven't missed like a whole bunch of stuff from previous years
Because I just discovered that show by accident last year
And the good news on that is that also, that show is another one
It's almost every day somewhere, I'm a cable when you have digital cable every night
Re-runs
It's amazing, likes it, Prano's
Maybe they may, he'll finally take off
You mean he'll fly?
Yeah, that's what I mean
I don't think Tom Wellen floats
But, you know, you think everybody floats
I thought I'd be...
Video game, well, I beg your pardon?
Huh?
Video game dispute leads to teen bludgeoning
So you better watch it, Mr. Ramos kind of comments
By the way, be sure to vote now today on Prop 14 in Dave County
Punch 243 in spite of the propaganda George was puking out before
George said it was from a fax that came in, but of course he went in the other room and faxed in
243, punch no vote on a need of the orange juice queen and about the...
I've said that they are messed, those men, between the two of them, they are something
They need to be in a rubber room
And also be sure to vote for a watch as well
I mean, the tap dance of Bill McBride, great guy, a wonderful American of Vietnam, vet
A guy that's never stole a freight train
A guy that earned his own living, worked his way up in a business world
And is a good decent guy
As opposed to somebody born with a silver spoon in his...
Freck him as...
Or somebody that couldn't win a goddamn ritual
Written to actually even in Florida, which is Janet
We like Janet, like I said, he's a really good guy, but no chance, no way Janet, you're out
A 16-year-old boy was in police custody Saturday accused of bludgeoning another student with a hammer
During a dispute over a video game controller authority said
This is in Warren'sville Heights, Ohio, what kind of video game?
The attack occurred at Warren'sville Heights High School, maybe we'll get to that
The victim also 16 suffered a fractured skull and was taken to Hillcrest Hospital
The hospital on Saturday wouldn't release the condition of the boy who's in ninth grade
His accused attacker in eleventh grade could be charged with felony assault
Foster said the eleventh grade had told him last Wednesday
The ninth grade had threatened to beat him until he stopped breathing
If he didn't bring in money to replace a lost video game controller that had belonged to the ninth grade
Unfortunately, in this story, it doesn't tell you what video game
Last Thursday, the eleventh grade took the hammer, walked up behind the ninth grade, hit him twice on the right side of the haze
Witnesses told police that the ninth grade fell and his attacker swung the hammer twice more and kicked at his head
A security guard then restrained the eleventh grade
School so preentetic Gwendolyn Koch said she would recommend the eleventh grade as immediate expulsion
No, Schmidt, honey, no Schmidt
Here's some promising news for all your dog lovers out there
Pet food developed to relieve dog arthritis
Nothing for my birth cytos which is getting better very slow I guess it takes weeks and weeks, huh?
I don't know
What do you mean you don't know? I don't know anything about presidus
Why not? I don't have it yet
You will something to look forward to because the Lord works in mysterious ways
It's getting better day by day but very slow it's just like that ache in your elbow and again
It's you know, I know what it is
Anyway, Lester, England, veterinarians have harnessed the power of New Zealand green-lift muscles
I don't you love those New Zealand green-lift muscles?
Mm-hmm, almost as good as spotted dick
To produce a dog food that helps to relieve arthritis pain suffered by aging canons around the globe
As many as a fifth of the 4.8 million dogs in Britain alone experience the painful inflammation of the joints
Which is especially prevalent in large breeds and older dogs
Yeah, my golden retriever had that
He doesn't he's not feeling it now though
But veterinarians and scientists that walk on the pet care side of US candy and food maker Mars Inc
sit on Monday they have produced a food using New Zealand green-lift muscles to ease the suffering of man's best friend
It includes an extract from flesh of the muscles that's been processed in a special way
It's been used for several years to alleviate the pain of arthritis in humans or the hell is it?
I've ever heard that green-lift muscles haven't you heard about that?
Nope
No, we haven't. We know that over 50% of dogs over the age of 8 start to develop arthritis in various joints
It's usually their hips, their knees, and their elbows
said Dr. Carl Hurley who represented a research carol at his to a British science conference carol with a K
The veterinarian at Walphins Research Center in Lestus, you're...
Oh see I was talking about this the other day, I was looking for another
I said that until now treatments consisted of daily and anti-inflammatory drugs
However, there's evidence to suggest that use of these drugs may have adverse and distressing side effects including irritation and erexia vomiting
And also, she told the British Association for the Advancement Science Conference
In a US trial, four out of five canons given a supplement of the extract and the dog food show an improvement in arthritic symptoms after just six weeks
How do you like that?
Fine
Oh
The dog food which can be used as a supplement or fed to dogs for life will be available throughout veterinarians in Europe, Australia, Japan
And the good news is the US
We're very rarely is the good stuff around usually the crap is around in the US
But in this particular case, the good stuff for your dog
So you'll be like old and crippled and like hunched and you know, wobbling around and your dog will feel great
Well that makes me feel better
Makes you feel bad for one, better, I said
Oh better
From 27 at 5.60 WQM, we're just, you know, instant our way up to the mad dog here at 1 o'clock
Now that football scene is on again, all those people that were doubting the patriots by the way in Tommy Brady shame on you, huh?
What a performance last night, overwhelming and that cord else steward
He, you know, he quarterbacks like Dan Stewart
Oh, we're fine
Yeah, I think there's a lot more in common too
Hey guys, you've heard me talk about becoming a high paid computer professional
And about the big number of high paying jobs that are out there waiting for you in the real world
The question is how do you fight a good school little help you get into one and do it
Well there's only one school that's got four convenient locations in Dayton, Rowered
There's one school that's got certified Microsoft instructors convenient day and evening and weekend classes when it's convenient for you
There's only one school that's got full-time placement department over 30 years experience so they may know their crap
When this school, you can complete your program, get certified in just four short months
It's real honest to goodness hands on training and that school of course is fast trained
Be sure and have a chat with Todd Wreck about it, I guarantee he'll tend to do it
You've heard us talk about our friends at fast trains, so get off your butt, pick up that phone and call
There's no obligation and they'll tell you exactly how to get started on the road to a serious career
Call toll free 1-866 fast train
That's 1-866 fast train or check them out on the web if you'd like at fast train.com
Did I mention we have a copy crisis of QAM?
My life and look all this is 42560
QAM 2AM
I hate you
Do you know what I'm saying kids that animate goals show
America's favorites lump me trash who's only claimed the fame was that she blew a rich guy
And an echo the no talent that we face the but famous celebrity
You mean you sure?
Yes
Now watch tonight as Bob Villa applies her makeup
Alright if you said perfectly still you shouldn't feel a thing my use is powerful
He doesn't look good she can't act she can't talk she can't think you say she could run for president
The end of the course you'll tonight on it's a
From 32 to 560 W. Come here's a story about guess who who and the goal in the inquirer hot new book reveals the
Wilders side of Anna Nicole says and you thought she was outrageous on TV her appetite for sex and drugs and food
Wild nights would lesbian strippers and how she cheated on her sugar daddy which will get to in a second but of course first more important
The US Homeland Security office is raising its nationwide state of alert for the first time since March
Putting it at the orange level signifying a high risk of terror attack sources said
No specific that has been disclosed the actions being taken on the even the first anniversary of the 911 terrorist attacks that killed more than 3000 people
And the rumor has it that they've traced the a chatter that they ran back to al-Qaeda and it deals with the US attacks on US interests overseas
But they point out that last year there were an intercepting the same things and then of course look what happened
Not that we want to give people panic but just keep your eyes open okay your eyes your ears
The country's been on yellow alert which indicates a significant risk of terrorist attacks
US Attorney General John Ascroff will make a formal announcement later today
As a matter of fact CNN is promoting 115 they're going to have like the formal song and dance so that's probably him
Heinrich Himmler Jr. The warning system has five levels starting with green the lowest alert followed by blue, yellow, orange and red
The latter is the highest alert level indicating a severe threat
Each code trigger specific actions by federal agencies and state and local governments
A congressional source said that some staffers on Capitol Hill received a briefing yesterday telling them that the nation's threat level will be raised
Heinrich has from yellow to orange, orange alert okay you got it orange alert got it
Okay make sure everybody in the building knows
Fooding fat boy put for little orange tag on his wheelchair
And in a cool smith outrageous reality TV show has shocked America but off camera she's even more depraved
Reveals a book about the blood bombshell in great big beautiful doll the end in a cool smith story
Authors Eric and Diva Redding paint a lured picture of a woman who they seemingly unquenchable appetite for sex, booze, drugs, food, money and stardom
When Anna got famous start of she couldn't handle it Eric Redding told the inquire and she still completely out of control
Anna was born Vicki Lynn Hogan in Texas on November 28, 1967 and eventually turned her back on her deputy sheriff mother Virgie insisting that Marilyn Monroe was a real mother
No give me a break she grew up on the dusty town of Mexia
MEXIA I guess Mexia Mexia, no, Mitsia, Big Mitsia working as a chicken fry cook in an 817 Mary Cook Billy Smith they had a son Daniel
But after two years of marriage she ditched Smith and headed for Houston to become a stripper
Flag chested Vicki was forced to work the less lucrative daytime hours sure she began taking on extra work to make money for breast implants according to the book
Vicki had her first implants in 1989 later she had another operation resulting in her 42 double D breast
Fuggot about it
The strippers romantic to a taste allegedly included women according to the book the book quotes a fellow dancer who said she was more partial to women because she would get money from men and buy stuff for her girlfriends
How do you like that? What a gown
Eric Redding says he witnessed one of Vicki's sexy scenes in a Houston bar she pulled off her friend's blouse and kissed her breasts
Set Redding her drinking and drugging and sexual forays were stretching limits of even a no-holds barred world of the topless club
Vicki was dancing one day when oil millionaire Jay Howard Marshall unfortunately wanted in he fell in love and began showering her with gifts
Gold, golden showers
In September 1991 Vicki answered an ad and wound up posing nude in a test for Playboy magazine
But it had to have like an extra big issue for that one if she was the centerful
She wasn't that fat then
Playboy went wild for Vicki but she was told that the magazine would fly to California she became furious saying I thought they were going to fly me to LA
Huh?
When they were told the magazine would fly to California she became furious saying I thought they were going to fly me to LA
Do you understand that?
I think they're trying to say that she's an idiot doesn't know where LA is
Oh, oh I see
I couldn't relate to something quite that stupid. I may do work for Greg but
Said Redding she was under the impression that Los Angeles was in New York
Oh, if I would have just kept going
Vicki's initial photo shoot was delayed when she sent she'd suffered cuts and bruises from a voting accident
Actually, she'd been in an auto accident was arrested for a DUI
In 1992 Vicki was linked to Paul Marciano president of guests
Oh yeah, guests all the while still taking money from Marshall would bought her why one million dollar ranch
It was Marciano came up with her new name and in the coal another boyfriend place spires claimed Anna got drunk just about every
Not I was with her according to the book she also abused drugs painkillers and ecstasy
She kept battling her appetite to after two liposuction treatments
She began overeating again her cousin Malinda Beal be saying no relation to Howard in a month Anna had gained all the way back that she had liposuctioned out
25,000 bucks right down the old
Turlant in June 1994 the 26 year old Anna finally married Marshall 89
She immediately left for a photo shoot in Greece on the armor pier de jane a bodyguard who eventually became her lover
According to the book leaving Marshall weeping in his wheelchair
During her 14 month marriage Anna would bring home women for Marshall to ogrele red and told the inquirer
Long before Marshall died in 1995 his family battled Anna over the estate
I don't believe Anna will ever see a dime of Marshall's 88 million bucks has read how it's undispised as her and would rather fight them give the money to Anna
How do you like that apples huh?
Yeah whatever nasty fat bitch. Yeah isn't the york in in California
I guess Greece is in the pan
377 votes on a pool if Neil plays all comedy bits tomorrow 9-11 when you blow your brains out what's the deal?
Like I said 379 votes better than rehashing last 9-1192 almost 51% of that
Sensational 75 almost 20% of that boring 52 but I'm sure they'll still listen
So you add those three up and you got a lot you know in bad taste 30 disrespectful 20 and on patriotic 10 a nice even wonderful
Number that we can all relate to 10 right right like Tom Brady even though he wears number 12 on his uniform he's still 10
21-1 we got speaking of Tom Brady a good Michigan boy Jim Mandage coming up a 1 o'clock this afternoon
Who I'm sure will be raving about the sensational performance of the Patriots last night and just kicking ass over the embarrassingly
In at Pittsburgh Steelers I love watching Bill Kauer and the sideline when the Steelers are getting the crap knocked out of him because he's in up case he's a madman
You know his whole face gets distorted in his jaw drops down to his elbow it's a beautiful thing to see
Because they kick their ass like and he's screaming at the Schwarzenegger on the sideline ain't gonna do any good Bill you lose
Schmuck
Hey speaking of bizarre things let me tell you about South Florida's climate man it blows because it's always too hot it's always too human
It sucks maybe like four or five days a year pretty good but not now only a minute is a product you can take to keep you in good health no matter
How how are you motor it in several will it becomes only a minute is a soft gel capsule inside of it are all kinds of good things like
Pharmaceutical rate olive oil vitamins minerals and herbals and they make a different product for each part of your body
All you might as got a product specifically designed for your prostate one for your heart one for your blood pressure and cholesterol
They also have supplements to promote health in your circulatory system your digestive your endocrine system your skin your bones and one even for your mind
All using the benefits of the best of all olive oil you'll find anywhere don't forget all your med-based products for men and for women as well
Older meds available all over town if you'd like to try and see what it does for you
Fix them up and wall greens whole food markets
Navarro pharmacy or Sedano is if you want to get more information before you buy it just call their toll free number and ask away call 1-866-olio med
That's 1-866-olio med and you can order their products right after informative website too if you like at olio med-america.com
5-6-560
The radio is all yours now
You win
I'm banging the butt honey
Tonight on E
Entertainment Television
And in a call thanks a lot for the interview
I saw it on it and it was worth
Okay, I think so for it
Okay, well did you know that those whales in New England that beat themselves
They did it because they wanted to be near a television when your show premier is on Sunday
Well I didn't think about that
Yeah, they think you're one of them
Tonight on E
Right, why don't we see the bathroom that time?
Yeah, you're not trying to say she's stupid are you?
Yes
Okay, 1245 at 560 WDQM we got a 1244
Don't get ahead of yourself now just calm down
A plenty of time I do have a great article I don't have time for today
So at the beginning of the show tomorrow even though I'm going to play a lot of comedy but it doesn't mean I'm not going to interject some other stuff
Well good
The long and short of it by Robert G. Kaiser, Washington Post
Although it's very very critical of the administration and about what the hell is going on in the American public doesn't know squat about what's going on because they're not telling us
Would that be on patriotic to do tomorrow?
Nope
Okay, not that I care I mean no matter what you would have said
Would that stop me from reading it?
No
Because only 10 people said that there would be a patriotic to play the best
So just because it happens to be the anniversary in 9-11 doesn't mean that we have to be you know forced fed a lot of crap
You'll get more than that from the mainstream media believe me they'll be giving you all the problem all the propaganda you could ever want and then some believe me
Airlines speaking to giving you something they don't want to give you anything
Airlines cut back
Pinch pass and you're say goodbye to peanuts and full service freebies
Many airlines are charging charging more for less
It's not just heightened security and flight delays that are making air travel tough these days it says in a bid to keep cost under control
Full service carriers are cutting back on freebies from meals and drinks to baggage checks
They're also imposing new fees raising old ones and making rules more restrictive than ever
In other words, don't count on pampering or an extra bag of peanuts on your next flight these days it's every man for himself
After 9-11 airlines saw 20% of the revenue kicked out from under them
They have to adjust to Michael Boyd in airlines analysts and presently boy group in Evergreen, Colorado
In terms of being able to offer rock bottom first to match budget airlines like Southwest they can't do it
What they have to do is emulate how easy those airlines make it for passengers through business with them
You never make money saying no to a customer
As it turns out however plenty of airlines are saying no
As they clamp down on rules that hit passengers where it hurts at their wallets
The most cumbersome of these changes are being made to a non-refundable ticket policies
In the past passengers holding such tickets could be booked a different flight and pay the difference today not so easy
US Airways for example US Scare on on-site in August that passengers with non-refundable tickets who missed their flights won't be able to get on new one or replace them stand by status instead they must buy a new ticket
And starting next year miles you earn with non-refundable fears won't count toward free tickets or other loyalty awards
The move is prompted harsh criticism but other airlines are following suit
Continental and American just announced that non-refundable tickets for flight October 1 or afterwards must be exchanged priority parts here
If you try to swap afterwards you'll have to buy a new ticket
However if it's clear you missed your original flight by a few hours do to say a flat tire or some other delay out of your control
Continental will be booked around another flight for no fee said company spokesman Russan Johnson
Uh oh, just move right ahead
The best defense be sure you know the rules before you buy your ticket and leave plenty of time to get to the important
Of course now you know we were asking about people that we're going to fly tomorrow right and we had all those all those brave guys oh yeah we would fly
I don't think so now that they raised from yellow to orange alert now that they're getting everybody crap in their pants
Keep your eye peeled keep on high alert while look to the right look to the left look underneath looking your back home
Stand over and look deep up your ass make sure that everything's okay
You don't think that part of that is like covering their ass to you
Uh speak of flying 29 airport workers facing charges in Miami
I thought that we kept hearing about how great it was in Miami from that old Fuddy Dutty Ike Siemens at NBC 6 a model of a system
A model of a old Fuddy Dutty in fact that'd be a good pull question one day who's the bigger old washed up Fuddy Dutty
Mo Cheswick or Ike Siemens that's a tough one
A tri-county sweep of airport workers Friday resulted in the rest of more than 2,000 people
Most of them illegal immigrants accused of lying to get jobs in secure areas Ike
As part of an ongoing effort prompted by post 9, 11 security concerns 29 current or former employees at the area's major three airports
Are facing federal charges eight people who get access at MIA seven connected to four-loaded-eal Hollywood and 14 from Palm Beach International Airport
You know Palm Beach counties got some real goddamn problems lately you know what all around
Between Teresa LaPora and those votes for Papu, Canada and just 14 at Palm Beach which is just about as many as Miami and four-loaded-eal combined
Don't forget their Catholic problem
Wow! Boy did they have a series of problems?
This is just the tip of the icebergs and James Goldman assistant director of investigations for the INS
Undocumented aliens cannot be gainfully employed in the US but even worse these people gain access to areas like tarmacs, aircrafts, fueling systems and cargo
Oh!
Those arrested allegedly falsified names, social security numbers, documentation or criminal histories in order to give jobs according to the US Attorney's Office
A U.S. citizen working in MIA in a permanent resident employed at Fort Lauderdale International will rest on our charges that they can seal criminal histories and on the story goes
So orange alert, we're not trying to like you know, hurt the airlines or suggest you stay home tomorrow but it might not be a real bad idea
Not not staying home but not flying
Or even staying home
Good idea
Do you really think there are some people?
Yeah, you were already planning the seats for that earlier, you're not fooling us, even the audience caught out of that
Oh, I'm not feeling real good, I've been prepped in the morning anyway
Yeah, that's right, even if they have to read you when in fat boys chair
Oh no
No, you just don't have a chair in the chair
And if it would have been Josh Friedman's chair, you would definitely not sit on that
Am I correct?
You're correct
Our close personal fat friend Josh Friedman
He wished staple, is he a skinny?
No, did he really lose any meaningful weight?
Hey, speaking of that, what a seg were you in a balance for life?
You know what I see? He would have been smart instead of having the staples in jeopardizing his life
He would have gotten his little black sack every day, a sack every day
Factory Stratford was in this morning talking about his little black sack, it was disgusting
Anyway, balance for life will do it for you like our good close personal friend the Beast
To I'm sure by the end of this week will hop on the scale again
He lost 53 pounds at last count and just over five months and you can do the same
Whether you've got like 20 pounds to lose or 50 or 100 or even more
Balance for life is the painless way to do because you don't have to start you don't have to deprive yourself
That's one of the horrendous things with so many other weight loss programs and fat diets is that you don't eat anything
And especially the ones where they provide the food, the other ones, and their little tiny packages like pit-fried systems
And like Jenny, whatever her name was, Jenny Craig were thing
But not with balance for life because in your little black sack which they deliver right to your door every day by six o'clock in the morning
There are three delicious gourmet meals with fresh fantastic ingredients nothing frozen nothing in the little box and two delicious snacks right in there
Along with more than 60 ounce bottled water so you're going to be full all day long you're not going to be having to worry about what you buy in the supermarket or counting calories or carbs
Because they make all the choices for you the only choice you have to worry about is the fact that they let you choose between two alternatives for each meal every day that you run the program
So if you don't like fish for example don't order to the fish if you don't like this if you don't want to Boba Ghanouche
Right?
Right, get the tofu
Yeah, oh that was so bad
But you know what we'll do?
Forget about it!
Right, let balance for life take care of you and get that weight off of you no time at all you'll be looking like a human being even better than the beast
That's just about guaranteed
Call balance for life today and get started right away call 954-568-3229
954-568-3229 or visit their website if you like at balanceforlife.com
4.656-QAM
Play like men and they look like women
Pushes the party party Marseille
Pushes the party party party
Pushes the party party party
Pushes the party party party
to win and
They were getting too close to the towel headed body
So the Texas fall above a few again
We're dropping
up
Pushes the sword
He putt
Oh
Pushes the sword
He putt
Oh
The light
Pushes the sword
He putt
Pushes the sword
He putt
If they don't insist
This rubber
Three times
Three thousand
Might will never be a bench
Push
You brain wasp
Oh
So cutney
Stupid
You'll put them back in
Oh
Pushes the sword
He putt
Pushes the sword
He putt
Pushes the sword
He putt
Pushes the sword
He putt
Pushes the sword
He putt
I can't get a fucking push in your shorty, my fucking guy.
Push in your shorty, my fucking guy.
You got to hoist your foundation, a goiyom.
255 at 5.60.
You don't forget to go out and vote.
You guys feel seven o'clock tonight, or whenever they decide to close the polls, the
way things are going.
It's just more of the same crap.
I mean, why would we have thought that they'd improved off of two years ago?
You know when you come right down to it?
I don't know.
Still can't get their act together.
Go out and vote 243 on the Christian fanatical, religionist, homophobia, amendment.
Puts 243 vote no on the hate.
And also be sure to vote for Bill McBride, our tap dancing guy.
The man that's going to send Jeff Bush back to Texas where they rot in spoon and ass.
Is that the little spoon for your daughter?
I'm thinking of those little spoons that some people use, you know?
Yeah, like a daughter.
Now you don't know that she uses those little tiny spoons.
No, she could probably use as a pingingale.
I see.
Anyway, somebody faxes in and thank you very, very much.
Let's see, here's bring Tom home.
It says, okay, maybe we're stretching a bit.
We're stretching a bit.
Chuck found all this stuff, by the way.
Oh, thank you, Chuck.
But it sure beats ripping out pages from that team bag.
You can have your very own life-sized poster of Tom Welling.
You'll just need a printer, some tape, and a lot of wall space.
I got space.
It's, oh, actually, it's got the whole thing where you find it.
I know where to find it, too.
So there's Tom Welling, and here's the, oh, and a bad news is, though, this is depressing.
Today is only the 10th.
Right, that's not.
And now, how come that is, I see, because HBO is not like a regular network.
And so they start their season whenever they feel like it, as opposed to like other networks.
In addition, of course, Foxy and a regular network either, so they do whatever they want.
So instead of next Tuesday, a week from tonight for the new season of Smallville,
it's two weeks from tonight.
Oh, but good about it.
Yeah, by then maybe I will, but I doubt it.
I have my life built, build the anticipation.
And I mean, the government is under telling us right now situation in Iraq.
Yeah, see, they're under right now.
Tell us about the yellow light up to orange light.
We're on heightened alert.
So we have to stay on alert.
Let's see, it says this season, there's a little tease on what's going to happen this year on the, on the smallville.
This season is Clark Rose older.
He finds his life becomes even more complicated.
He'll discover an unsettling new power and a new form of kryptonite will bring about frightening effect on his personality.
And a surprising twist, the secret of Clark's two identity will be revealed to one of his closest friends.
Oh, that couldn't be what's his name for?
You think?
Yes.
It is?
Well, that's my guess.
Oh, it's just a bright new power.
I still don't understand how they're going to become like mortal enemies.
I don't get that.
He's going to do something accidentally to Luther and Luther is going to blame him for it.
You know that?
Well, that's how it happened in the comic book.
I see.
Well, instead of like spilling the beans through the audience, but right now I've got to get about it.
Yeah.
Are you going to like spoil all your assignments?
I think you're going to fly.
No, it says here.
Uh, Clark doesn't wear glasses.
There is no suit and he can't fly.
Between the boy he thought he was and the man he is destined to become are the stories of smallville.
So I don't think he's going to be flying it anytime soon on this show.
This is like the interim stage.
Maybe he'll get the heat vision.
I guess he learns it.
Well, no, he's already got that.
Well, that's right.
That's the only least flying.
Yeah.
And the suit, right?
And the glasses.
That great.
That's great.
Yes, yes.
Guess what's one of our channels showcase something to brother here every afternoon, like 75 episodes of Batman.
Oh!
Which I think is all the episodes.
Well, that's great.
And they couldn't fly either.
How do you like that?
Although the rumor was.
That's what Alfred told me.
Okay, let's get to the affordable.
Get out of the mad dog here.
Because at 115, if you want to go on to CNN and get all bent out of shape, they're going to have like the briefing.
They're going to give you their briefs.
And of course, some people will get in their briefs, but that's because we've got a lot of historical people.
Don't get all psychotic just because they raise the alert.
Because a lot of it is covering their ass and a lot of it is stuff that they really don't know what they're talking about.
But get about it.
Yeah, just keep your eye peeled and be alert, you know, like usual.
Like Greg alert.
400-eight votes that are pulled today if Neal plays all comedy.
And of course, it's already a given.
I'm not going to play all comedy bits because I got to start with that story that article from the Washington Post.
So those people who thought that it was boring, we've got at least one piece of stuff there, which you'll definitely use.
And it's four pages long.
Okay, you ready for that?
I'm ready.
But other than that, if Neal plays mostly comedy bits tomorrow night 11, it'll be better than rehashing last night 11, 208.
Sensational 80, boring 56, in bad taste 31, disrespectful 22, and unpatriotic 11.
11 heartless, gutless, spineless cowards out there call me unpatriotic if I don't sit here and suck up.
Well, guess what?
But get about it.
That's my suggestion to you.
Okay.
The Jim Mandit Show Jim is going to carry on a great length about those sensational patriots and the beautiful Tom Brady between one and three.
Hank, go ahead.
