Time drop, most.
This is South Florida's only real sports season.
WQAM.
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
A peace and broadcast group station.
www.QAM.com
Morning, Muff.
To the moron hour at 9 o'clock you'll hear more.
The
What would you do if I proved in my pants?
Would you stand up and walk out on me?
Yes.
It hurts my rear bow.
It's too long.
There's no stop in my jingle bearings.
Oh, who I sleep is where the wind blows my breath.
Oh, rise up a bit, baby.
Where the deep hell's set me up?
Where the deep hell's set me up?
Where the deep hell's set me up?
Oh, who I'm set me up?
Way that I say that makes it give way.
Even we need to pass the land through.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Girls can you smell its punchy cocaine?
That's the right cause we all are known
I'm not one real man
I'm the thing be where the deep hell
I'm the leader of the person
I'm the thing be where the deep hell
I'm the thing be where the deep hell
I'm the turning force for my love
What's wrong with you, buddy?
Got real bad gas
We think you just potted
Oh, I've got something
I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach
You see the size of the bandit moh is sitting on this morning, it was really pretty big, yeah 903 at 560 WQM Happy Tuesday too Yeah, enough of this depravity like somebody once said who the hell said that?
Now this got a depravity, any more 952 votes on the poll yesterday about their wicked weed, in fact I think a lot of people around this building are smoking it If you ask me somebody mentioned me this morning as I was taking a leak this place is kind of like the blind leading the blind, you know?
And I said we all ought to have those walking sticks, you know, that blind people have, that's what they ought to give us as soon as you walk into the door you ought to have your own stick
And just stick it, what a great show on Donnie who last night, it's about time Phil, I guess he's gonna go out with a blazer glory on MSNBC, he had Michael Moron, bullying for Columbine, live audience in Flint, Michigan, Michael Moros hometown, it was great, it was like Donnie who all of a sudden we captured that glory of a hundred years ago, and Michael Moros was great, he sounded just like, like me
Which one, Donnie, you or Michael Moron? No, not Donnie, you Michael Moron, he's good, he's great, it sounded just like everything I've ever said about how violent this country is, and crazy people with guns, and he talked about, and they filmed bullying for Columbine, they had to get a good funding in Toronto, and Canada in Toronto to go up there because they couldn't get anybody to fund the movie in the US, so they went up to Canada and he had a clip that he showed from the movie, where in Toronto he went, house to house, of course they obviously checked with these people before, you know, ahead of time.
But they went to house to house because people leave their doors unlocked, he said, here's a city of Toronto, millions of people, and people don't even lock their doors at night, is there anybody here that wouldn't lock their door at night? No.
America, crazy people with guns, okay well we'll get to that, we don't want to put it to get, lot of calls today, let's get those calls cranked up baby, let's hear about the nobles and the canes, not God, I can't stand that there was so many childish people here, you know what?
I can't stand it, childish, this whole radio station is based on childish people, you know what I mean? You have like that, God, all the nobles in the canes, they're gonna kick their ass, yeah great, and then what?
And then what? You silly overgrown chillins, 953 votes, what's your take on a marijuana law, so you pot heads out there, legalize and tax it, 67.7% of this pot head crowd said that, 646 people.
Decriminalize 164, 17.2, traffic ticket only for possession, 33 people, see add those three numbers together, what you got, you got like 88.5%, 88.5% of mother scratching percent, say quit putting people in jail for like, or what everybody else is doing.
God, keep the laws the same, 60 as people said that, 60.2, keeping the same, only legalize medical marijuana, 49.5.1%, so you got like 80, almost 89% to 11%, overwhelming.
And even though it's pulled the front page in Time Magazine, this way take a look at it, okay? In fact after you read it you can roll it up and smoke a fat one with Time Magazine, better than smoking a herald by the way, and what are they smoking at the herald in the sun, settler boys and girls, I'm still foaming at them out.
You should see, well you will see, because I'm gonna hold it up to you. Herald didn't print too many, because the herald lies like crazy.
You're not kidding us, you must have got 75,000 emails and letters already, since Sunday at the herald you mother scratching liars, you panders.
And I got a big sign over there, Thierryl, no say I'm in English, I'll key up to you, okay? Up your ass, we hate you at the herald, we despise you.
You just the worst thing on a face of the globe, we like Al-Qaeda compared to you, we'd rather have dinner with Osama Yamama than with you assholes at the herald.
But the sun's set, look at all the letters they printed, pull almost the whole page.
Editorial and Bush lack integrity about the red, both newspapers endorsements of Jeb Bush for governor on Sunday after both papers have been excoriating him and rightfully so.
And the new McBride Ed, did you see it, or they play the clip from Pensacola where he's talking about, well I've got some devious plans for the you know that amendment.
Yeah, they actually have the audio clip from that cassette tape because there was a guy in every reporter from Pensacola from the year when I love there.
I didn't know he had recorded it. Yes, he had it on tape.
Or he made the homophobic comment about the two you know, really is a caretaker's you know, when those were the quotes.
And then he also made the comment about wow, you know, if that thing, if they passed that amendment on class size, I have some devious plans to take care of that.
In other words, no matter what you voters out there think he's going to deep-six it. He'll subvert the will of the public.
This is your education governor, the F cat governor. He's got the F part right and the C, but the other two letters forget about it.
So there I might even read some of these today because you know, we need a few bedtime stories and look at that phone.
Do you see any calls on that phone? I don't see any calls on air. I was going to punch one up right off the bat here today to get this thing off the off the out of the blocks.
There were a couple. There were a couple. Yeah, cut. So we don't have any more tickets to give away today. See that yesterday was okay except for that except Woody graber scoot up the show.
As we tried to turn the corner and get away from this four hours of bedtime story crap on here. They have nothing to say.
See, I keep diluting myself. You'll see WQ I am.
Is the pot on there you go that helps. Hello.
See, what is that happen every day? And that's not on the other end. That's on this end.
I think Bob Ramuth is sticking with our phone thing. He's sticking with it WQ I am.
Hey, no going on. Yes, sir.
Yeah, question for you. You threw up promos for a 80k and you say Eddie K.
I'm the G.A. And you don't say that no more. What's up with that? Eddie K. He graduated.
Oh, no more G.A. No. How about DNA? How about what? DNA.
TNA. Yeah, Eddie graduated TNA. Maybe he'll be a treasure island. Okay. Have a nice day. Well, that was that was okay. It was kind of weak. Eddie K.A.
I'm glad he reminded me that because it's a show for chronic gamblers. That's what this radio station is all about 18, 16 hours today.
Chronic gamblers and overgrown children who still want to play with their ball games. Okay.
I'll give me the ball. Give me the ball. My team. Who gives a crap about your stick and ask team. Okay.
By the way, at least one last night against Brian Murray's team. I wonder if he heard that shit go free game show.
Brian Murray. I think so. Yeah, I believe. Find a girl's team. They could beat nice going boys. It's about time and a panther.
You know something even on nobody cares about hockey. I'm going to go ballistic and I'm going to tell you one of the reasons I don't go to those games anymore.
It's not fun. And you want to know why it's not fun. Because even if you got a crappy team which we do sitting in the midst of a bunch of assholes is not fun.
No matter how many people show up there and believe me, it's not too many anymore.
At least two thirds in this building. Now back in the old Miami arena, people understood the game.
We had real fans. It was a great atmosphere. Here we got a bunch of plastic assholes who don't understand the game.
And if it weren't for Bobby L'Awango, boy, I wish to leave say at him. I'll tell you that. If it wasn't for our great gold tender, the panthers be out on just about every game by the end of the first period. He keeps it in the game. He's unbelievable.
And so last night when it's about to be three to one on the third period, the rest of the team decided to stop playing.
They leave him on his own and tap his scores four goals in three minutes.
So what about a minute or two left? The, you know, he makes an easy save and a crowd's giving them your Bronx cheer. The sarcastic, you know.
I'm going to tell you something. What you people know about hockey, I could stick in your ass and have room for God damn fat rich, Josh Friedman and Julio, the engineer left over in there. How do you like that?
You can't complain about their knowledge about anything with sports in this town because they're clueless. They're clueless. What do they know about besides early bird God damn dinners? Nothing.
You're right, time jick. I didn't need to be back here. Not too long. Just for a little while. So I could get, I could smell the aroma. What this place is all about. Oh man. It's either that or most squeezed the bag again too hard.
You notice how he sits off to the side? I'm telling you. That's because he doesn't want to sit on that bag because if you sit on your bag, whoops man.
You talk about a nasty overflow. Who'd want to clean up that mess? Especially at his advanced stage. Not to mention the toe jam at the bottom of his seat.
It's 11 after 9 at 560 WQM. Maybe he needs to start poppins of Oliomad. I don't want to tell you where he ought to start popping it.
Brackdom. But it couldn't hurt in his case. Maybe I'll just slide some in the bag. Anyway, if you want to be in good health, take some Oliomad. Believe me, Oliomad Mediterranean Formula.
It's a great combination of great, the best olive oil that money can buy combined with good stuff.
Vitamins and minerals, herbals and other nutrients. Scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs.
Look for Oliomad's three new formulas. They got one to help you sleep, one to help control your weight. And CoQ10, believe me. That's so good for your heart. You wouldn't believe it.
All using the benefits of pharmaceutical rate, olive oil. In fact, maybe they'd like to send me some of their CoQ10 because I take it every day.
And of course, I'd love to get it from them because it would be free. Oliomad's an outstanding product that's available at public records and Walgreens for more info call Oliomad Tool Free at 1-866-Oliomad.
That's 1-866-6536-633. It can, of course, order their products on their website, oliomadamerica.com. If you visit your nearest publics and buy an Oliomad product and date or brow, you can get you a coupon for free.
Larry Coker Bobblehead doll. I may, while supplies last. That exciting. Larry Coker Bobblehead doll. For all your silly sports holes out there, man.
You can rub it. You can pat it on a head and say, how you do, no sforato. Don't forget to visit their sampling provision at sports time every Sunday when the dolphins are playing home games.
Take a free Oliomad samples product information and start popping a whole bunch of it in your little puss.
5-Echo locals. This is 5-60. There are years on your side.
Q-A-N.
Arnished with the sewer of this place.
With the studios of Channel 10B haunted.
My poor daughter downchins.
I wish you what I wish you.
Toilets tonight for a special report on the hunting of Channel 10.
Country boys have a good, rare, good, laser-good, useful, for weight microcage.
And the new job in all the ways of good news.
Stay one country boy, save my cookie, and swim in the morning.
Stay one country boy, save my cookie, and swim in the morning.
Stay one country boy, save my cookie, and swim in the morning.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
I wish you what I wish you.
í™œas has never made a public
He chose to post it.
He chose to to post it.
He chose to post it.
He loves you and lives the day he was born.
power then they will fear you and that's basically what they've done.
Week from the day is the election and my birthday.
How do you like that?
Oh big day.
It's a good old man.
It's not a good old man.
Maybe it is.
That's what Gregory Peck said.
He said it's a bad old man.
Let's go watch that movie again, the old man.
The old man.
That's about all of us here on QA.
I'll tell you one thing.
We're sure getting old on this station.
You know what?
We need some young blood.
Old, old guys in here.
Me and Hank and of course.
Mo.
Talk about ancient.
You know, Geldie, I know that you're sucking up a lot and you have to do that to keep
the job.
At least sweep out the toe jam every morning when you leave in that studio.
Mad dogs don't get really pissed off.
Sweep it out.
That's seriously left me a note.
He said, tell a lot of Geldie when in doubt sweep it out and the toe cheese too.
Man, that guy is so ancient and he's still sitting off to the side.
Maybe very silently like flipping some out because Geldie's got kind of that, you know,
a sour look on his neck, which makes his voice go like an octave higher all the time.
And if anybody can't afford to have his voice go any higher, I didn't hear him raining
about the aberrant behavior of the panther fans yesterday last night.
Oh, where's Peter Royal?
That's why we didn't have the place jam last night because big number eight was not there
to beat up a few people.
You know what I'm saying?
What you people know about hockey, like I said, is less than nothing.
Zero, Zipini Duda.
Zipini Duda.
This new building, it's the worst thing that ever happened in that franchise.
Plastic City.
And you can call it the office.
You have to depot.
You can go whatever the hell you want.
It's making a difference.
They can change the name.
It's like a dog tour.
You can call it Philemonion.
It's still a dog tour.
It'll get still dog crap.
And since they started that building and it's right by me, I'm ashamed to say just
a few blocks away from where I live.
But the crowd that we draw in there is like, you know, the cell phone crowd.
It's the same assholes that are at the American Airlines.
We're going to watch the heat.
I've never been in there, but everybody tells me first of all it's a horrible building.
Secondly, nobody sits in their seats.
They're all wandering around on their cell phones, talking to each other, making an appearance.
It's a social club.
It's not a sporting event.
It's a freaking social club.
Yeah, they go there to be seen.
I mean, to be to me, mocking this kid who's done such a phenomenal job.
I only wished that the Leafs had Robert, Robert, or L'Oungo.
I wish.
Maybe we can give you back Trevor Kid will make a swap.
Even up.
What do you say?
Oh, nobody's that stupid.
God.
And it's just, they just don't get it.
Hey, ref, you suck.
It's the same.
It's not fun.
It's just not fun, so I don't go.
And like I said, thank goodness I chose because I only found Donahue by accident channel
surfing.
See, Phil, if you would have called and had your staff call up everybody at home and
told us all that this was the night you were going to do a good show, some more people
might have tuned in.
How many people in this audience do you think saw Phil Donahue with the Michael Moore
last night?
Yeah, and that's including me.
And I think that's an exaggeration.
I bet you we don't get one call from anybody in this audience who saw Donahue at 8 o'clock
last night.
Probably right.
There's nobody watching.
And of course when he comes out a couple hours after that big fat Jerry Knock Minute, you
know, it takes up your whole TV screen.
Talk about hard to look at.
Good.
God.
He makes big Wilson rest in peace.
Look like a midget.
Humongous.
He's got jowls the size of some states.
Anyway, what am I getting worked up about?
Get that new, oh, I didn't give it to the pool.
Did I?
Well, I got sidetracked.
I got sidetracked with Michael Moore and the panties and all over the place.
Here's the pool.
What's your take on guns in the US?
What's your take?
I already faxed this to Eric's you and have to write it down.
What's your take?
I got six choices here.
No private citizens should have handguns.
Only police should have guns.
Only police and hunters should have guns, which by the way, Michael Moore is not against
hunters.
Don't out and shoot and deer or whatever.
It's too late.
Gun nuts are on the country.
Don't f for the second amendment in my guns or too many gun loving red necks.
Those are the choices.
No private citizen should have handguns.
Only police should have guns.
Only police and hunters should have guns.
It's too late.
Gun nuts run the country.
Don't f for the second amendment in my guns or too many gun loving red necks.
Whoa.
I apologize for the redundance there.
26 after 9 at 5.
60 WQM on a great Tuesday.
We've turned a corner on this show.
I'll turn to that right now.
I like the tone of the show.
I like the ambiance, the lay of the land.
I don't like being here, especially with our sales department coming back a couple of
days before we expected it.
And I don't see any more champion light in here.
PD Lenny talks a big game.
Oh, don't tell me.
But you know, everything is like subversive with him.
Just bring the crap in here.
Send me a gallon here with it and stop over with all your cloaking dagger.
OK?
Stop with all the bull crap.
I got physically ill.
Seeing him and freaky Carlos off front on the way out yesterday.
Oh, what a quenna.
Love that is.
Pete and PD Lenny and freaky Carlos.
They were comparing fingernails to that Jeff Cohen there.
27 after 9 at 560 WQM.
There's never been a better time to value a new home or refinancing or existing home.
How about this rate?
Only 3.95%.
That's correct.
Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95%.
All you got to do is pick up that thing and your phone too and call financial group at
1-800-940-L-E-N-D.
That's 1-800-9453-63.
The money you're going to save is absolutely.
Turn the light bulb.
Think about it.
You can get $100,000 alone for only $450 a month or get you a $200,000 alone for
only $950 a month.
The process is simple.
You'll save thousands of dollars each year.
Just pick up that phone and call our good friends.
Why do we always never be spot say pick up the phone?
They know how you make a call.
Jesus, God Almighty, who writes this crack, Todd?
Just call our good friends at financial group tool free at 1-800-940-L-E-N-D.
There's never been pick up the phone.
There's never been a better time to get you a low interest rate call financial group.
You'll be on your way to big savings.
Financial group is an equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change.
So call them now tool free 1-800-940-L-E-N-D.
That's 1-800-940-5363.
$1,800-L-E-N-D.
We're support for the 0560-U-A-M.
Santana, you've heard him play his Grammy performance with Rob Thomas.
And on the latest hit with Michelle Branch.
Everybody wants Santana on their song.
So we've compiled a CD collection of every artist Santana has ever played with.
Like M&M.
The Dixie Chicks.
Andrea Bacheli.
Santana's a list for everyone's CD, including unreleased tracks from Carlos and John Tess.
But someday your journey will end.
I'll be there for you as well.
Yes, he's a guitar playing whore who will play with anybody.
Except of course, Kelly Clarkson.
A moment like this.
No way, man.
Santana's licks for everyone.
Order now and receive a personalized bonus track where Santana plays your very own birthday song.
Happy birthday, dear Santana.
Call now.
Welcome.
Join the inauguration, your gun today.
Have yourself a down on Christian fun.
Oh, you're right.
Throw your friend away.
We'll back you all the way.
We'll bend your right to your own accord.
When you think of all the benefits you're getting.
Life will be so clear when you catch your heaters.
You'll marry a life that's too deadly.
Come on and join today.
Let's be your tear of new life.
And be a member of the NRA.
A for the meat.
A for the chest.
And always A for the head.
In case they're wearing the best.
Sharpen your skin.
We'll give you more fun.
We'll be there to defend your right to all the cards.
Come on and join today.
And you'll be proud to say you're a member of the NRA.
But how could these things happen?
That's what really kills me, so to speak.
All this hand-ringing and all this gnashing of teeth.
Oh, how could these things happen?
It happens every day in this country.
It happens as often as people get out of the bed in the morning.
And I've been to one.
Thank God for Michael Moore.
Is that movie in the theaters now?
Is it like this weekend?
Because I think they opened it in Flint, which is this hometown, like I said.
I'm not sure.
Bowling for Columbine.
I didn't know that.
Did you that those kids went bowling on the morning that they did the...
Yeah, I heard something about it, but I didn't know that.
They went home from him the first time.
Yeah, I didn't know that.
Till last night.
Till this moment, I always thought it was Barzini all along.
But it was a great show last night.
I'm too bad that none of you out there saw it.
It was really worth seeing.
Here's the fact that it says just heard Neil Bush's Silforano fame is selling the state Florida Department of Education.
Some software package concerning the F-CAT.
claims that his brother being governor has nothing to do with it.
Heard on NPR.
Thank you, Jane.
And Jane also says, damn it, I missed out on a hue.
You shouldn't have done that, Jane, but it's not your fault.
It's their fault for not calling you and saying tonight was going to be a good show.
Oh, man, Phil, why didn't you let us all know?
That tonight was going to be the night that you recapture that glory of the olden days.
He was really good.
It was an excellent show.
I think that's the format he needs to have the live studio audience there,
a little bit more lively than Alex Bennett.
WQIM.
Hey, Neil.
You know what they should do is you come by all the things you want.
But the boys will only be issued to military and police.
And people that want to have a gun is rubber bullets.
And that way there's a control of how about how about just paintball?
Yeah, paintball would be good.
You can't piss off.
Shoot somebody with some paint.
Right. That'll make it.
It'll make you feel better.
That's right.
Yeah.
Listen, Brady, he's in the tailspin.
What's going on?
He's still looking to me.
Yeah, but he's four a row and now they got a plate.
Sir, sir, there's more than one guy playing the team.
Look at the big defense.
I know.
Good to stop your grandma.
Call up the mad dog.
He'll discuss it with you.
We're not going to start talking football on a show.
You see what I mean about this one dimensional town?
Brady, what's wrong with Brady?
Nothing.
It'll look like nothing wrong with him to me.
He looks pretty damn good to me.
Okay.
I'd like to be his good close friend.
Real close and real good.
Man.
So he lost the game like like Alexander McGillney said in Toronto before last night's game.
He says, we don't have any crisis.
It's just a game.
He's a funny guy.
I like his added to he's a real character.
I like what are you getting all upset about?
It's just a goddamn game.
Hey, we're in Toronto, baby.
It's more than just a game.
Okay, you better get your any scored in high school.
That's not a beauty from Sunday and whatever.
That was a pretty good game.
I'm flipping back and forth the Leafs and the Panthers.
At least one of my teams won.
Yeah, it's been a real bad.
That's why another reason I'm so done on sports.
Between the goddamn Patriots who stink the joint out every week now.
And the goddamn make believes.
And of course the Panthers are for the man.
What's wrong with you, Pete?
And you notice how many calls we get about the Panthers none?
Not just on this show on this radio station.
It's a franchise.
I have no idea why they even exist.
Why did they exist?
Does anybody know?
With all due respect to my close personal injured friend Paul Laws,
I just, I don't get it Paul.
I don't understand it.
What's the purpose?
Playing in front of empty house.
All of these idiots out there.
Don't understand the game.
You got Bronx cheering, Bobby L'Oongo.
There are a few things this week.
See, it's a week for me to be pissed off.
Sunday with the hero of the Sunsettlement endorsing the Jeb Meister.
That crooked piece of turd.
And then this thing about those assholes in the stands last night.
Maybe Pete and Rural are playing gold without a mask.
That sounds good to me.
That's all they know.
Worth a big show.
WQAM.
Hey Neil.
How you doing?
Living, breathing person.
All right.
Excellent.
Yeah, I caught that darn it you last night.
Really?
Yeah, I caught it right.
The thing is, they were supposed to play it about a week or two ago,
but they kept pre-impin' it for the sniper.
Oh yeah.
So, you know, it's time we got it.
So it's my lucky day, I guess.
So it's my last night.
It's time we got it on.
But yeah, Boeing for Columbines, plane and theaters.
I went to see it on Sunday in Palm Beach.
How was it?
I got to see the first hour from Jack Asmus to pull the fire alarm,
and they emptied out the theater, and so now we have to go back.
Are you serious?
I swear to God, you know.
Some assholes in the movie theater pulled the fire alarm?
They must have, because the alarm went off, everything.
They cleared everybody out, and they said they weren't going to.
He better not do it again, or release some of that Russian gas in the theater.
There you go.
And, yeah, it's playing down off of the theater, off of East Sunrise.
If you look it up, I'm not sure the name of the theater.
East Sunrise?
Yeah, East Sunrise.
It's a four theater.
How far east is that?
I have no idea.
I don't like where it's at.
I thought on the computer, there's very limited places.
If it's East of 441, I won't go there.
I guess the...
Okay, well, thanks a lot, pal.
Thanks, man.
Have a great day.
So, there's somebody that saw Donahue last night.
You see, this is my lucky week, because that show was originally supposed to be on.
But we had a preempted for the sniper coverage, all sniper all day.
And this...
And one thing I disagree with Michael Moron, because if you're going to have laws,
they have to fit the society you live in.
And when you live in a violent barbaric society, this idea that we can't have capital punishment,
I'll tell you this.
I'll make a deal with it.
Let's fry these two...
These two schwarzuz, and then after that we'll discuss it.
For the future.
But did all this anguish about, wow, where are they going to be?
Try...
See, this is the new thing now, it's spending hours and hours and hours,
because they got no other information, except that I and S. let them slip through their fingers here in my international.
You saw that thing.
Nice. Very nice.
So, whether it's God damn Muslim terrorists from the Middle East,
or whether it's just scumbags with guns, whatever the hell it is,
they just let them slip through their fingers.
And then, of course, oh, we don't know how any record of that.
Go ask the FBI about it.
Go ask somebody else about it.
We don't know.
We don't have a clue.
We'll have to go see Chief Moosey, man,
because he's the only God that's got the IQ to get this all straightened out.
But, yeah, maybe all three agencies can work together and straighten it out.
Scary.
Robert Placelar wants to quit.
Do you see that?
No, I haven't seen that.
In fact, the question isn't, did you see the story?
Did you see him?
Did you see the clip with him?
Oh, man, talk about...
His hair is wider than Moose used to be before he put that purple piece on.
Would it be?
What was that?
What did I just hear there?
Where did I come from?
From the photo.
And who the hell is that?
Where do you try to be a superstar in here?
Who's yacking on the phone?
Probably that day in McGellie,
and got nothing better to do back there while he was running away from Doreen.
Don't let her catch us, sweetheart.
No, it was Josh, father.
Oh, it was Josh?
Tell him, unless he's got some checks for us, bug off.
Actually, I have to do with pay.
So...
Did it really have to do with your pay?
Are you getting paid?
That's what they say.
We'll see.
Oh, man, they have got you so buffaloed, it's not even funny.
Carlos is getting paid.
Not.
You'll see.
And let me tell you this.
If your check doesn't have like the little Greg Reed squiggle on the bottom,
don't even bother taking it to the bank.
It won't clear.
20 till 10 at 5.60 WQM.
Hey, I'll tell you one thing.
If you're looking to save a few bucks,
who has shared everybody is these days,
call our good friends at Dottomatras.
They got the best deal on a grand brand,
the new name brand mattress for you in the world.
If you woke up this morning,
feeling a little out of sorts,
or like you didn't sleep at all,
maybe you need new mattress.
Maybe the old one is time to say cyanara.
Maybe it's got like some of most tojams on the side.
Call 1-800-MATRUS, that's the number for dial amatras.
When you talk to these people,
you'll be guaranteed a great night's sleep.
They carry the top brands in the world,
Celi, Certa, Simmons, King Coil,
and every size and every comfort level,
which means the mattress you're looking for
is in stock available for immediate delivery.
Recently, they set up the...
used to be lovely McGill.
He's getting kind of ugly now.
With the new betties loving it.
The folks at dial amatras did what they said they would.
No BS, no excuses, no bait and switch,
just a comfortable relaxing night's sleep
from McGill in-between intercourse.
Or in-intercourse's.
When the crew from dial amatras got to McGill's house,
they set up as mattress,
even took away the old one.
Don't be tempted by stores going out of business
who can't deliver what they promise.
And don't forget,
you got a couple of days left on this
through the end of the month.
Today, tomorrow and...
Thursday.
I'm right, it's today too.
I woke up this morning,
I had no idea what day it was.
I did my alarm went off,
but I didn't know whether to get up
or whether it was Saturday.
And then I thought,
oh god, it's Tuesday,
Schmidt.
And don't forget,
you can get a free delivery
from dial amatras these next three days
and two hours only given,
two hours only when you provide
depending on where you live.
You pick the time when it's convenient
for you when they'll be there.
Don't forget for a limited time delivery,
a free-so-sleep life,
like a baby like me and McGill,
call 1-800-MATRUS.
That's 1-800-MATR-ES
for dial amatras brand name beds,
for busy people and for lazy people too.
It's Monday,
no.
This is 420-0-560.
You way, yeah.
Time to get it on.
Hey, man.
It's John Walker Lindt,
the American Taliban.
Let's just say,
without getting into specifics,
I'll be very happy when this year
is finally over.
I'm facing 20 years in prison.
I'm coming to terms with the fact
that I'm a traitor.
I'm even starting to deal with issues
as abandonment with my parents.
But that's not the worst of it, dude.
Today, I'll pick up the paper
and they accuse me of
there's no delicate way to say this.
This is a miracle in Pakistani weenies.
They say I'll was the lover
of some business dude named Zara Hayat.
I will say this.
I'll remember this guy only slightly.
I think I met him in Frisco
while I was getting my high colonic.
You know, you don't want a messy house
when there's a chance of unexpected company.
But this whole thing is the real bellywack, bro.
After reading the story,
an answering four to five hundred phone calls
with people asking me to give Cyclops a back rub,
I finally realized this might be my father.
Huh, her maybe it was me.
I sure saw it couldn't do it now though.
I'm so freaking loaded with Ziloft
like compass is permanently pointing south.
I'm not ruling out the fact
that I could be turned on by some mancan.
Like I'm not saying I wouldn't have checked this guy out
in the shower,
but she got to remember us Taliban.
If we didn't take showers, dude,
I couldn't run from the state to be fast enough.
So, to Mr. Maice,
not quite sure the story's accurate,
not quite sure it's not.
No!
946 at 560 W.
Also, they showed the stats last night
on the Donahue show,
country by country,
the killings by gun last year,
over 11,000 in the US.
Japan, which is a country of 110 million people,
I think they had like 35.
Canada had 165 all year.
It 11,000.
They showed Germany had like 300 in France,
had 100 in water,
and I realized that this is a country of 270 million people.
But even when you like the story I had that one time
from USA today,
a few months ago,
where they took like Windsor in Detroit,
and they took the stats and they proportionally,
you know, according to the population.
And it's not even a contest right across the river.
Because the Canadians are civilized,
and maybe they're kind of silly in some ways,
without curling crap,
maybe they're obsessed with hockey,
but they're civilized.
That's one of the reasons I love living there.
It's because they're like polite,
and they're not all uptight and angry.
What's everybody so angry about here?
I guess part of the reason being angry here is being down here.
I can understand that.
I can relate to it.
I'm furious that I'm here.
Like that.
That's how I feel about it.
I do.
This is crap.
Somebody fashes me about a book here.
It's called Red Deck Nation,
how the South really won the war by Michael Graham.
I gotta get a hold of that.
Because that's the FN truth right there.
We got 53 votes on a pool.
What's your take on guns in the US is the question today?
It's too late.
Gunnots are under country.
21 said that.
That's what my vote was.
Too many gun loving red necks 11.
Don't effort the second amendment.
My guns got damn it 11.
Y'all come back.
Only police and hunters should have guns for.
Only police should have guns three.
No private citizen should have hand guns three.
That's our 53 votes we got so far.
Anyway, here's the review of this book that somebody just sent me.
Called Red Deck Nation,
how the South really won the war.
By Chris Mabno by Michael Graham.
Chris Matthews review.
He says Graham is the funniest political observer in the country.
Despite having lost the civil war, the South has somehow managed to win the battle of ideas across our nation.
Contents radio, Tom Chujo's,
Green Minister, hilarious collection of essays covering such topics as Enron,
the public school system, free speech, multi-culturalism, racism,
and the supreme time for the Red Deck Nation.
Using quotes from HL Mankin, Gallup,
Paul Stats and plenty of firsthand experience,
the author examines this peculiar phenomenon with a single wet that spares no one including himself.
He begins by explaining the difference between the North and the South,
specifically between South Carolina where he grew up in New York where he often traveled.
He says New Yorkers pretend they've read books they haven't,
southerners deny reading the ones they have.
Drawing from his own childhood in Dixie,
a few ideas nearly all of them bad,
his college years at Earl Roberts University,
which combined the intellectual rigor of a Sunday school picnic
with the Sound Theological theories of a slumber party.
And the 27 years he spent running away from the South,
Graham wouldily illustrates Red Deck infiltration in the mainstream politics
through conspiracy theories.
Victim mentality is witnessed by the popularity of such national programs
as the Jerry Springer show and segregation in book readers won't be able to put down.
I got to go out and get that today.
Red Deck Nation by Michael Graham.
Sounds great.
Sounds great.
That's the absolute epin truth, baby.
Oh, there he goes. Knock on the US again at this particular time.
It's like, yeah, right. Go wave your flag.
Okay, get with it.
Get with it.
Because all of the things that Michael Moore said on Donnie who last night were absolutely correct.
He has some right on it.
Violence, hate, anger.
Maybe the whole country just needs one big anger management course.
You think that'll solve the problem?
Let me say it again.
Scumbags with guns.
Unacceptable.
Scumbags with guns.
Even your NRA nuts out there.
No more scumbags with guns.
No more goddamn gun shows.
See, if I had my way, we'd never have those spots on this show.
Does God damn gun show spots?
It makes me cringe every time I hear one.
I'd rather have the cult spots that Adam sells on it.
I'd rather have those.
Then the awful shows for the gun show.
God, but we have no shame.
We'll take you.
You can advertise anything.
Magnetic copper bracelets that'll solve your arthritis.
Anything you want.
We'll put it on here.
We'll put any scam, any sham, any flim.
As long as you give us some money.
We'll put any crap on here you want.
That's QAM.
And we're proud of it.
We just want your effing money.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60.
And by the way, Roberto Luongo, I want to apologize at the behalf of some really stupid people in their last night.
I wasn't there, but I want to apologize anyway.
Because dumb people don't get it.
When you're left your own resources, basically the last five minutes of that game.
After they scored the third goal, it was three to one.
The birth of the team said, eh, well, we lost.
And so he might as well have been out there by himself.
Try to stop the five attackers on the other team from Tampa.
He might as well have been out there by himself.
A just gutless disgusting performance.
Well, the youngsters and your organization.
Okay, what are you guys saying?
Same old tired crap.
And again, because we got so many bad columnists in this town,
even the anxious Dave Joseph, who's always angry and pissed off,
and the sourpuss if there ever was one,
even he don't want to write the truth about how the fans keep getting screwed in the back in this town.
The few real fans that there are out there stabbed in the back.
WDQAM.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I saw the show and I loved it.
I was thinking of you, too.
Really?
Yeah.
I mean, it was just, I don't know, the part about Toronto was really interesting.
Yeah, that was fascinating.
And it went into the houses and stuff.
Yeah.
And just, I mean, just the collective mentality that they have there.
You know, you know, he said little kids play with guns,
but in the end they care for each other.
And that's really what, you know, so we don't have here, you know,
it's all, much people after themselves, especially down here, you know.
Oh, this is the world.
It's unbelievable.
And I'm moving to Ireland.
I'm so happy about it.
Great.
You'll hate the weather.
You'll hate the weather.
But guess what?
Weather ain't everything.
I know people.
It's all about the people.
That's what I'm in for.
Okay, good luck to pal.
All right.
Okay, you'll be doubting your pleasure.
He's moving to Ireland at guy.
Who can blame anybody for moving out of this third burger of a joint, huh?
This is really, oh, it's paradise.
Anybody that will come on here and tell you this is paradise, man.
Their life must be hell.
Paradise?
That's called rationalization by an old geezer that got kicked out of New York.
Paradise.
Uh-huh.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5.
It's the truth.
Paradise, either that or it's a joke that we haven't caught on to yet.
Give me a break.
People that hate each other like poisonous ethnic thing that goes on here.
This never ending ethnic thing.
But even I'm starting to get to that thing now too with this, uh, no speaking English and plantation.
See, ordinarily it didn't bother me because I don't hang out in Dave County.
I don't shop in Dave County.
I don't live in Dave County.
So I thought, wow, you know, you people are just overreacting.
Just if you don't like it, stay out of there, which I do.
But now that I'm fighting it in my own hood, you go to the gas station,
you go in there to get like a little two or three tubs of Ben and Jerry's or whatever, you know.
See, I was thinking that before the show today.
All this because I got balanced for life next.
I shouldn't be saying this right now because it does work and it's very good.
But we like to eat, you know?
No, you, you assholes out there this spending all this money on inventing new weapons and bombs and all this other crap.
How about inventing food that really tastes great and has no calories?
That you can just sit and eat like for hours and all day.
You know, Eric would be sitting there right now and for all he already is.
Hey, Eric, let's go on a goddamn website.
Okay, put the sandwiches down. He's got a platter.
You know, the platter that they bring us from Atlantic City Sub's and what Quiznos brought in the other day.
That's what he eats every day while the show is on.
Not just one or two of the sandwiches, the whole goddamn platter.
He's got a whole thing of pickles on his side.
I mean, just cut it out, Eric.
We'd like to keep you alive for another, at least another four years anyway.
Then after that, you're on your own.
Especially with his crappy job, but he's linked.
Carlos, until happy with you, either by the way, sweetheart.
He's getting really upset because he's the so-called computer whiz.
And he sees the way that you just kind of like, eh, let everything go.
It's like the rest of QA. I'm just kind of like a daisicle.
Ah, come see, come, we don't really give a crap.
You know, I'd like to see some people around here that give a crap about doing a job instead of just thinking their way through life, sliding their way through here.
Maybe we might have some real goddamn numbers in there.
Instead of just faking your way through crap.
And these people that keep taking all of this time off, man, that pisses me off.
The audience, huh?
Audience tunes in every day.
They don't expect to hear George or something.
They expect to hear me.
They tune in every day.
They want to hear the hump or any afternoon.
They want to hear the old man in the morning there, whatever his name is.
They don't want to hear people like, like, work in, and like, warm on to three.
They don't want to hear Joe Rose.
Well, they do.
And by the way, Mo, quit sucking up to Joe Rose because he's bad mouthing you all over town too.
He hates you.
I just thought I mentioned that in passing.
He was talking about the man.
Oh, and also since the big topic this morning was the mascot is was fired by the Marlins.
John Ruth.
Guess who's responsible for John Ruth coming to town, which I would have really broke their heart if they knew this.
Me.
Really?
College World Series in Omaha, Nebraska.
He was the mascot for the South Florida Game Cocks.
He was cocky.
He was his nickname.
Yeah, he's probably why he got fired.
Well, too cocky.
And I said to Ron Fraser at dinner, one of those, here we go, name dropping again.
And one of those Omaha State houses that that week.
I said, you know, they got the greatest mascot.
This guy's a panic.
You ought to try and get him for the Heracunes.
And guess what, Ron Fraser being a great promoter and the innovator that he was.
He brought him down here.
So first he was the Heracun mascot.
Then he was, what was he after that?
Then I guess he just went on to be Billy de Marlin, whatever.
But anyway, the Marlins can be a mascot.
And that's worth like two hours of conversation this morning.
Give me a break, okay, Mo?
Good.
God almighty.
When you're going to start getting with it.
It's time to get it on.
Yes, someone's that going to happen.
W-Q-I-M.
Oh, Neil?
Yes, ma'am.
Yeah, I had his change experience last night.
Really?
Yeah, I did get to see Donnie Hughes.
Damn it.
The cable went out, which was no loss because I wish you were.
So I turned on the radio and your good buddy Phil Hendry was on.
Are you sure?
I believe it was him.
Yeah.
Doing the funny voices.
And now what, he went into this high rate of hatred against,
the Middle East, specifically Iraq, that would put Rush Limbaugh into the left field.
I mean the hatred.
Really?
And he sounds like he's off the wall.
And has he always been like a right-wing wacko?
Phil?
Yeah.
Oh, Phil's just a wacko.
He's not a right-wing.
He's just a wacko.
But he wants to kill him all.
Well, tell him to get started.
Well, that was, it's gonna kill down my back because I thought it was a right-wing wacko.
No, it's just, it's just, it could just fill it in the field.
Don't take it serious.
Okay.
So then I wanna say, when you read your articles, that's, I'm happy to claim.
Really?
Yeah.
Okay.
You're informative, you're intelligent, in spite of your self, you're very, very intuitive and high-minded.
Okay.
Thanks, thanks for the look, Joe.
Have a right day.
Okay.
And just, you know, leave Phil alone.
Here's a fast from Archie.
Don't put Charlton Heston down.
Remember, the only reason he's representing the NRA is because a lot of here commits him.
That's sort of the green is people, it's people.
It's people.
Do you son of a bitch?
There's nothing you can do with a gun.
You can't do with a crossbow.
Remember, you have to kill it before you grill it.
You have to annihilate it before you grill it.
All in all, we as a people are too stupid to be trusted with anything and kill something else as Archie.
Right on, Archie.
Good fact.
Excellent.
Here's another one that says 7.45 this morning on another station.
There was a traffic report from that Twitch-Richard-Lewis-At-Metro traffic.
Who's that guy we got in the morning now?
Hey, it's the traffic.
He's really having this more in that rocking roll traffic guy.
Man, he's out of control.
I don't think I've heard of him.
You haven't heard him.
Why, you're not listening to Mo in the morning?
Oh, I missed it.
You better not walk out in that hallway, especially when a near Rogers teacher at your wedding day.
You better not walk out there when a Mo-Mister is in there, mister.
I'll tell you that right now.
Because he'll get your ass fired, didn't.
Anyways, his Richard Lewis had a classic screw, but one point of the report, he says,
backed up from an early morning crash.
backed up from an early morning?
Well, how do you like that?
I would think it would be the opposite, wouldn't you, unless it was an unsuccessful one, but nevertheless.
So thanks for the great faxes, our poor Ian.
Here, I think we got our show back after all this time.
Well, you know, I took some time off.
This is basically what it was.
We had to recycle this whole audience.
Give them like a gigantic animal.
And believe me, if there's any place in the world that needs an animal, it's this town.
9.58 at 5.60, maybe a mole on his tube.
5.60 WQM.
Hey, let me tell you, that's not an appetizing way to go into the thing about balance for life, is it?
Let me tell you, a little black sack is got all you need in every morning six.
And last night, last night on channel four news, they did the final summary of the thing that people lose in a weight.
And they really didn't say anything.
All they did was say the woman who worked there lost 10 pounds in a month of balance for life, and she's doing just fine.
And the beast has lost 58 pounds.
I was thinking about this myself.
He started out nearly 300 pounds back in the spring.
He's down to 226. He's lost 58 pounds.
He looks like color in his face now.
Of course, it's purple, but nevertheless, it's at least an improvement from the gray they used to be.
And he's almost human now, and you can do the same thing.
It's easy because you don't have to count calories.
You don't have to do any shopping. You don't have to do any cleaning.
All you have to do is open up your little black sack, which they deliver right to your door every morning by six.
Inside the sack are three delicious gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, and then there it is.
There's all your food for the whole day.
The only choice you have to make is the little menu that they send you.
You pick between two alternatives for each meal every day that you run a program.
And of course, it's all scientifically balanced according to Barry Sears, the zone diet, which is very complicated,
but they do all the figuring for you.
And because of the fact the food tastes good number one and number two, they give you plenty of food to keep your stuff all day.
You don't have to worry about cheating either.
So let's balance for life. Take care.
Are you calling them at 954-568-3229-568-3229?
Or visit their website if you'd like it.
And balanceforlife.com
All the way you wash and talk the white is cause.
George and Junior say he trust you can't believe you.
Who tell our allies of the greedy oil wall?
But then he make you clean all the White House Basil.
The cup of scene to the toilet and then scrub the floor.
They tell you don't wear sandals, don't leave them.
Your coachyptone will make them one of rich and cute.
Your napkin maker looks just like it'd be velcro.
If you'll be what you can be, let's open spoon.
One day while you'll be flipping pancakes you may realize that's a dream in you just like your esterone.
That when your head will move from side to side, from the lever.
It's a bush and from here they be cracked.
10-03-560.
Speed of that great article here, somebody faxed me another bedtime story by Jimmy Brezzling.
News day.
It says Bush should take a walk near home.
As national defense begins at home, the snucker in Washington suburbs was a threat to them from within.
What then was George Bush to win Atlanta, Daytona Beach Florida, Rochester Minnesota,
Downeyton, Pennsylvania, Bangor, Maine, and other such places where he makes these cheap campaign tours.
While in Washington the 13-year-old boy is shot while going to the school and a 35-year-old father of two
a classic American working man was killed committing the sin of going to work early.
He made lunch sandwiches for his kids at home, then got to work early and was standing in the bus he drives at 5.45 in the morning and he shot dead from somebody out in the darkness.
And when in this nation did we ever close schools because of fear of an assassin or have pupils locked inside their classrooms and allowed out a class only for the bathroom.
This was not to be forgotten ever as the white van and white truck disappeared into the year last night to be replaced by the reality of the big old blue and burgundy
1990 Chevrolet with Jersey plates that police hunted and the long hours started with two people being sought.
This is October 24th.
The man who was supposed to be directly in charge of the last three weeks was Bush's favorite John Prayer book Ashcroff, the Attorney General.
I think he goes to church to pray against people.
Ashcroff could have had National Guard troops from two states, Merlin and Virginia around schools.
In New York we had National Guard Troopers on the streets at both the Williamsburg and Queensborough bridges, putting them at schools is more like it.
But Ashcroff was nowhere because the President was nowhere, Bush had been taking a walk through Silver Spring or Rockville.
That was his job. He pledged to defend the nation. He could have started by helping to repel the attack on Washington.
A walk in Merlin makes some tumult with security everywhere, people milling, and the President of the country walking, walking, walking to show that fear must lose,
and the one causing the fear would be caught soon and put away forever.
When John Kennedy was shot in 1963, Lyndon Johnson succeeding in the driveway outside the White House, falling in behind the herds for the March Up Pennsylvania Avenue of the Requiem Mass.
The Secret Service and the people on the staff were against this, too dangerous they kept telling him.
I'd rather be shot than let anybody think I'm afraid to go out on the street, Johnson said. Somebody should have shown George Bush the words.
It was one thing that Bush was completely disdainful of the World Trade Center. He and his people hate New York. He barely showed for a year.
And they blew the attack. They blew it because any threats to New York were in a such vital interest. New York is filled with blacks and Jews and all kinds of Hispanics and Asians who don't vote right.
Why don't we don't bother with them during an election and why stop everything and concentrate on some threat to the place.
Now we find out that Bush doesn't even like Washington. The reason is that nobody in the shooting area in Montgomery County towns voted for him.
His city was wounded and he went to Downington. He did it so openly that he immediately caused the memory of his father on a quail January day in 1992, trying to assure a public that regard to him is completely indifferent
while he sure was to their being ground to their being ground down by a diving economy at the town hall in Exeter New Hampshire. Bush the elder had to say message. I care.
How do you like that? Jimmy Brezzlin in the news day. That was written a few days ago, but nevertheless.
Sorry for that bedtime story, but it's a good one.
143 votes on a poll. What's your take on guns in the US? It's too late. Gun nuts run a country 44. Don't effort a second amendment. My guns, God damn it. 40. At figures. It's the redneck crowd.
Too many gun loving redneck's 29 only police should have guns 14. No private citizen should have handguns 11 only police and a handgun and 100 should have guns five.
What is it about this country where the average shmuck out there seems to believe that it makes sense that you got a right to be running around with guns?
And that any of this whole NRA man tell it is the choice. The first one is right. It's too late. The horse is way out of the barn.
And all the good intentions of people like Michael Moore all we did. He did accomplish one thing. He got came art to stuff still in bullets.
That's where the kids in Columbine bought the bullets in came art.
So when you send your kids down to the guy they'm stored by their comic books and their paper mache crap out of an ill or buying maybe they can buy a few bullets at the same time.
I came art. Remember what they said in rain man came art sucks. But at least they listen they stop selling them WKYM.
I actually saw a little bit of Donnie he left my yeah very good I like Michael Moore a lot. Actually this weekend CNN has this program called People in News.
They did like a biography on him like how he came.
I saw a couple of minutes of that but it was almost over.
Right it was pretty good. He was great on Donnie here. He's always great whenever he's on any shows speaking about social topics of any sort.
Did you happen to cut 60 minutes this Sunday last Sunday? Which part I saw parts of it.
This segment that woman who was from Turkey but an American working for the FBI doing translation.
Oh yeah. And how they totally blackballed her.
Because they at like you know they hired her to translate for security purposes. And then her supervisor said oh take your time translating the stuff because you know the work piles up.
Then we could go and say oh look at all this work back in up we need more money for budgets.
And then she was another whistleblower I had that story on last week.
It was a very interesting segment and then you know they made the point her supervisor and other guys like her.
These guys end up getting promoted instead of getting thrown out on their ass.
You know it's like what are the priorities you guys getting more money for your budget or protecting us.
It's just very nauseating to watch that type of thing. I had a question like I know like you know the Harold and the Sun Sentinel have unfortunately endorsed the Jets there.
And this has been like they've been doing this for years. The papers in Dorsey and like one candidate is over another.
But why is it that they get to endorse but none of the like new stations on TV gets to do in Dorsey.
And like doesn't that mix in their separation between media and politicians.
Not really I mean newspapers have been nursing candidates for forever.
And if one of the local TV channels like channel tenders they're editorials. If they wanted to endorse a candidate they could do it.
Okay so they can do it.
They probably figure it's bad for ratings so they don't want to do that but they could do it.
Right okay I was confused.
I wanted to say that you know I think regardless what you take calls you're reading articles.
You know I listen regardless. I think you're great when you read the articles and I like when you add your own little insight and commentary.
And whoever gets screw them they could like you know turn it off.
That's what I say.
Okay have a great day.
Hey sir.
And closing tonight is a small bill.
Right thank you.
New episode.
Thanks.
Take care.
There's another small bill fan who reminds me that it's Tuesday it's about when I want to hear a smirkin' about.
Hey I need these reminders when you could just ask Charlton Heston man when you get to be old and fee-brow.
You start forgetting the important things when you get to be old and important like Chuck Heston.
That's why he's got to rub that gun man.
He got to rub that shotgun.
He's rubbing it.
He's squeezing it.
He's yanking the trigger.
Nothing's happening though.
He shouldn't blanks.
But nevertheless.
Yeah it's a phallic symbol in America.
All these limp guys out there.
You see a guy that's in love with guns.
I'll tell you right now there's a guy who couldn't get it up in a warehouse and amused them with 14 Viaguers in his hand.
10 past 10 at 560 WQA.
And let's basically you've been here about fast-trained for a long time and wondered if it made sense for you.
Well the facts are simple.
If you have the dedication fast-trained will provide you with an necessary training to become a certified computer professional.
According to Time magazine the demand for computer professionals will continue to explode.
The average student completes the training in just four short months attending school three nights a week.
Once you've completed your certification fast-trained will assist you.
They'll help you out and getting a new computer job.
Fast-trained invites you to come in and visit their train career counselor.
We're in determined which track is ideal for you.
Call fast-trained 866 fast-trained to set up an appointment with four convenient locations now.
They're in Miami and Pemberpines for a log bill and their newest location in Kendall.
So there's bound to be one nearby where you live.
Don't forget to ask the career counselor too for listed students just like yourself who are currently in their dream jobs thanks to their training at fast-trained.
Call them today.
You got nothing to lose but that dead end job.
Call fast-trained 1-866 fast-trained.
That's 1-866 fast-trained or check them on the web if you like at fast-trained.com.
My train law.
This is 420560.
You ain't too way.
Fred, be very afraid.
There's a brand new game all the kids are learning to play now.
In every big city all across the US and Bay now.
It's called keep yourself some hardware and blow the other fellow away now.
All right.
If all got guns guns guns up they're on the streets to stay.
I'm just gonna stop they're on the streets to stay.
She's got a music she brought it into show and tell my.
She brought it into show and tell.
She brought his lunch in a pretty special for sale now.
They can tear as a feature angel and I'm out before the bell.
Now before the head got guns guns guns up they're on the streets to stay.
She's got a music she brought it into show and tell my.
I'm just gonna stop they're on the streets to stay.
I'm just gonna stop they're on the streets to stay.
I'm just gonna stop they're on the streets to stay.
I'm just gonna stop they're on the streets to stay.
I'm just gonna stop they're on the streets to stay.
I'm just gonna stop they're on the streets to stay.
I'm just gonna stop they're on the streets to stay.
I'm just gonna stop they're on the streets to stay.
I'm just gonna stop they're on the streets to stay.
The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Whiteful Association.
Let's space.
Most of us will never be rich.
Hell, we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressing.
But as usual with every problem there is a solution.
Hi.
I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns.
They scare the s*** out of people and intimidate them and giving you whatever you want.
That's right handguns.
Think about it.
Need some cash?
Rub a bank.
Don't have enough money for beer?
Call up a convenience store.
Take some chips and pretzels while you're at.
It's all free if you've got a handgun.
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend?
Kill him.
It's a simple solution of life's complex problems.
All I have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner.
Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares?
Buy the damn thing off the street.
Just buy a lot of handguns.
It's a great alternative to working problems out and can be considered a population control.
Yes, handguns.
They just might make your fans.
107560 WDQA.
I'm 186 votes on a pool.
What's your take on guns in the US?
What's your take?
It's too late.
Gun nuts run a country 59.
Don't effort a second amendment in my guns god damn it 54.
Too many gun loving rednecks 36.
Only pulley should have guns 19.
No private citizen should have a handguns 12.
And only police and hundreds should have guns 6.
Here's the fact that says buy a go buy stupid white man by Michael Moore.
I'll refund you the money if you don't like it.
Stupid white man.
Are they talking about our president again?
Yeah, he's one of them.
And our governor?
Oh, and speaking of a John Ascroft speaking of fascist right wing extremists.
This is in the Ascentless more in the scum sentinel so it might be true.
Civil activist warrior pool observers.
A group of civil rights leaders and community activists yesterday took issue with attorney general John Ascroft's decision to send lawyers and other observers to the polls in date county saying his poor record casts doubt on the effort.
The data elections before coalition composed of the NAACP ACLU and black community activists charged that Ascroft has repeatedly ignored evidence of discriminatory voting procedures in date and Florida.
As a result, the member said Ascroft's decision to spend up to $10,000 and send 20 observers to date is suspicious.
Maybe they'll be doing like they were the Republicans that they sent down here were doing in 2000.
Let us in. Let us in.
They'll be not going to door down.
Well, that's in so we can fix the vote.
Federal monitors have historically played a vital role in ensuring voting rights, especially in the Southside, Geehon Pereira, a member of the coalition.
However, this tradition has been broken by the Department of Justice under John Ascroft leadership instead the Department of Justice has done the exact opposite.
The coalition's members said that under Ascroft and Justice Department refused to act when presented with overwhelming evidence that voters were disenfranchised during the 2000 presidential election.
They also released a report card on the Justice Department to give it a failing grade for not addressing Florida's purging of thousands of voters from roles in 2000, approving Florida's use of provisional ballots which throws out completed ballots from eligible voters if they voted the wrong precinct and approving the state's posting of voter responsibilities at polling places.
So what they're trying to say is we don't trust that fascist Nazi son of a bitch on Ascroft is what they're trying to say and they are absolutely correct.
And how about those phone calls people were getting that you have knows nothing about.
Registra Democrats getting those phone calls saying, oh, you can vote up till November 10th.
Yeah, don't don't be in any hurry. You can vote up till November 10th.
Right.
Erie, dirty trick in the book. Erie, fix the election out of the sun and the guy they might be hearing the sun sentinel.
Your voices in this community. They endorse this crooked son of a bitch.
Man, you wonder why you just threw up your arms and you're saying, hey, how would it screw it?
Nobody gives a crap anyway. I'll take care about his major. I'm gonna really burn dinners down here.
Making sure that nobody can have a good time. That's what this is all about.
Just remember all you young people out there. Sex and drugs are bad. Guns are good. Just keep that in mind.
That's America for you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound five. What am I getting worked up about? See, this is bad. I'm back on this crap again.
I'm getting all worked up to a frenzy. If I would just stick to my god damn bedtime stories, stay very calm.
W-Q-A-M.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Well, you hit this subject I'm gonna talk about it that little liar Jeff British.
I want to tell you a little story about two years ago. I moved to Adam's Miami area. I moved to the west post.
And I put my boys in the school over there.
And beginning of this year, we went to like a parent's teacher conference. They were talking about how the ceiling tower was falling down into a cafeteria,
top of the kids. So they're gonna get a replay.
Well, here it is now, two and a half points into the school year. Nothing's been done. So I wanted to let it to Mr. Bush, our governor.
And ask him about it. And then I went to the principal and asked him with him or no guy. He always got baked in and got more kind of bits.
He said, from the state contractors, they got built a $12,000. Don't have my own destruction business. And I went to the little research.
The ceiling tower that placed the ceiling cost $310, with a couple of guys, a couple of hundred dollars labor.
So you're talking about $600. You do the job. And they're getting built to $12,000.
So I'm going to let it to the governor. And ask him, can my company do it? Recharge.
Okay. I've been a fundraiser, raised the money to the place of trial that he'd just in E.P. He worked near a lot of people with him.
But his staff would be better if they'd not state certified. I'm not allowed to fix anything to the school.
There you go. You don't have, you know, he doesn't have his hand in your pocket.
And I said to him, he's commercial. And he's sitting there with all these school kids. He cares about our children.
Yeah. Ask right away. Let her ask him how many of his kids went to public school.
How many of his dysfunctional kids went to public school? And the answer will be a big fact.
Oh, zero. Zero. The education governor, my ass. I'm so motivated by this guy call. And even though we had a bad connection.
Some of these letters are really good in the Sunsendle this morning.
Editorial and Bush lack integrity. One word that's conspicuously absent from your newspapers endorsement of Jeff Bush's re-election of the governor's offices.
Integrity. Jeff Bush ordered the disenfranchisement of thousands of probable democratic voters in the 2000 presidential election.
He along with then secretary of state Catherine Harris, that bitch later signed off on the order that made verbal and been responsible for his brother George Bush's winning.
Winning and quotes and quotes are like.
In quotes. It is still not clear if those voters have had their right to vote registered reinstated in time for the 2002 elections.
Is this a man of integrity? In the gubernatorial debate of October 21st, Jeff Bush was unable to explain how he would fund the amendment.
Limiting class size in public schools if passed yet he's told his supporters that he has devious plans to throw the will of the people if he amendment is passed.
Is this a man of integrity? Jeff Bush continues to claim the bill McBride is going to institute a state income tax even though McBride emphatically says he will not.
Bush's claim comes in a TV ad that political science from FSU has termed the most devious type of campaigning in Florida since clock prepper was accused of communist leanings.
Is this a man of integrity not to mention that a state income tax is prohibited by the state constitution?
Jeff Bush touts student achievement based on the rising scores on the boom dog will known as Florida's comprehensive assessment test F cat.
The fact is that the passing score was lower two years ago to give the impression that more students are doing better on the F cat.
Is it a coincidence that the passing score is going to be raised for the 2003 F cat after the gubernatorial election is this a man of integrity?
Jeff Bush makes private jokes about people sexual orientation as opposed to allowing homosexuals to adopt children yet in the gubernatorial debate October 21st he gave no reason for his opposition.
Is this a man of integrity?
Bill McBride may not have the political savvy of Jeff Bush. He may not be able to crunch numbers to fit his political needs like Jeff Bush but I'll trade a governor with all those abilities for one of integrity moral principle and a willingness to work for the good of all the people of the state any day writes David Keithley of pomp it over each you go boy.
Here's one from Neema and Dalton Abbott and Hollywood Bush backing fails leadership test.
It says to say that we were shocked and unhappy with your endorsement of Jeff Bush is an understatement above all else integrity honesty are traits that are a prime importance in any leader.
The very fact that Bush and Harris selectively purged votes of minorities in 2000 is in and of itself reason enough to have it to very least stayed neutral.
The fact that you endorsed him is the wrong message to give young people when we should be teaching them decency honesty and integrity.
It seems to be all about money. If you have enough of it you lie you cheat you steal and it's okay in other words airs and with scare tactics say that McBride will enact a state income tax when a state in the contract is contrary to the Florida Constitution.
At the very least you should withdraw your endorsement even if you don't endorse McBride if you do not do that you fail the test of leadership and responsibility for your faithful readers perhaps your newspapers also devoid of integrity honesty and decency.
Very sad rights and any adult and evident Hollywood right on and it does like integrity there are much of grave robbers they're pandering to what they perceive to be the political wins be blowing.
Here's another one Richard Fawson Margade writes Bush's record on environment.
He says I wasn't really surprised by the Sun Centrel's endorsement on Sunday Governor Jeb Bush's reelection you're reasoning although contradictory and hopelessly flawed is yours and you're entitled to it.
I noted with interest or the statement in your endorsement editorial that Bush also was shown sensitivity to environmental concerns.
I was surprised and it turned to a story beard on page 8B of the local section of the same Sunday edition money for GOP poured in after factory decision.
Briefly according to your story governor Bush flip flopped an approved rate permit for a cement plant on the pristine your ward issued to Nucky River in Sohane County after previously promising to oppose the permit for environmental reasons.
Specifically the contracting companies past record of environmental regulations to quote your story campaign finance record show that within two days of the deals completion on June 29th to 1140 granted contributions from some company executives and family members went to the Republican Party of the contributions 40,000 went to the Republican National Committee to help George W. Bush's campaign.
You've endorsed this man's election was second term as governor does the Sun Centrel choose to comment as Richard Fawz in Margate and I'm sure they don't because it's too embarrassing they have no justification for endorsing a crook and a thief and a liar like this a scumbag that's your governor and you know something like I've said before you people want to go out and support this crap you deserve what you get you deserve exactly what you get.
So I'm getting whipped up to a friends again very bad very bad just go back and read the funny papers 26 past 10 at 560 WQM I'll tell you guys funny Jeff Cohen at pizza lot he looks funny he acts funny all his stories all his sex campaigns are kind of funny and a very sick twisted disgusting way anyway if you want a great meal go to the pizza lot either you original brown location on university drive and Davie right between Griffin in 595 right over by the rumors house where they eat a lot of me hills believe you me and they pay for the money.
I'm too so they tell me but I'm not too sure for take out delivery in that location call 954 916 8883 different kinds of great pizza they got all kinds of great Italian goodies all your favorites chicken dishes and Veele be pasta dish out of the sun the best garlic rolls in the world and every Monday is the lasagna night Tuesday like the night is eggplant night by one of these dinners on these nights and get the second for only five bucks and the same deals are waiting for in the same great fresh food at the new pizza lot in plantation right there in a corner sunrise and now he'll write beyond Walgreens for take out delivery in that location.
3a 2 1999 3a 2 1999 the kitchen is spotless the chefs know their craft they give you everything cook fresh to your order and you're going to love the great food at the pizza lot tons and tons gigantic portions at teeny tiny prices it may not be the cheapest in the world but it's certainly be the best the world famous pizza lot now with two great locations.
My life and look all this is 4th radio by 60.
Way to a.
Dirty to me.
Listen to my story by the man named who's wallet was as big as his face he sold up head he became a governor and dictator to simply by having more money than you.
Boolean there that is dirty deals ex presidential dad in a real group of overnight or raise the other doobers name was buddy in the K had an opening suit and a skeleton head and when they took his balls they discovered he was dead.
Bring that is no brings up that woods room.
Now get represents the Christian right but somehow got support from the Jewish journal kikes now they're all in a mass grave very very deep and his wife wears a necklace of the feelings for their team.
Jewish gold melted down a good.
Alright but Bella has a million and starring momentum us jib push.
about Columbus.
You know, she's small potatoes.
Columbus, with that wonderful story about, well, she just forgot about that stuff.
She didn't want to declare it because she didn't want him to realize that she was on a
shopping spree.
So she's also a liar.
They're dysfunctionally lily-crazy.
Maybe it runs into family, you think?
Or could be it?
Big Arnie, chronic faxie Big Arnie says, did you know my wife is in the school system and
during the summer months in my wife's office, they couldn't use the copy machine because
they don't have the money to buy toner.
In regard to the F-CAT schools and teachers and also hyper about them that all they
teach is what is in the F-CAT test and the students are learning nothing else.
The eight county school system is falling apart.
Thank you, Jeb.
Sarcasticly writes Big Arnie.
And here's that story I was referring to before.
That's somebody faxes me and I thank you from salon.com.
More Florida follies, question mark.
Jumpy Florida officials, Democratic officials were that phony phone calls might be a duty
tricks campaign, writes Anthony York.
About 15% of the Florida voters are expected to use absentee balance this year and just
last week Florida Democratic Party chairman Bob Poe and Palm Beach County Executive Director
Lisa Ramsey said they received calls reminding them to get their absentee balance in
by November 10th.
The problem of course is that's five days after their due.
Immediately Democrats in the scandal were a state smelled a rat.
Postes he grilled the collar when the call came to his cell phone on Friday.
The caller claimed to be a campaign volunteer for Bill McBride, the Democratic candidate
for governor.
When Poe asked to speak to the caller supervisor, postes the caller hung up on him.
I immediately went back to the campaign thinking we had somebody out there with the bad
script or something, Poe said.
We went through everybody and determined that at the time we had no live calls going
out period.
So that's when I started getting concerned that somebody was tampering with the election.
Oh, what a novelty, huh?
They could be tampering with another election, could they?
Democrats are now suggesting this could be the work of political duty tricksters.
Larry Noble Executive Director of the Center for Responsive Public says that while pushpulling,
the art of disguising and attacking against the political opponent as an objective opinion
pull is common, he's never heard of this kind of deception before.
But if the caller fostered identified himself as working for the McBride campaign, the call
poor received is not only unethical, but it is also illegal.
This is the honorable, the ethical, the honest Jeb Bush that the Miami hero and the Sun
sent in londores, folks.
This is their last act of desperation.
If indeed this is a deliberative somewhat lame effort to full-floor to Democrats, trying
to confuse the leader of the state Democratic Party about the actual day to the election.
It's not the sign of an evil genius.
It isn't the first time such a poise been used.
During the 2000 elections in Omexico, voters received calls claiming to be from the county
clerk's office telling them their absentee balance were flawed and should be discarded.
Others in the state received emails claiming that voting for Democrats have been moved
to a different day to eliminate overcrowding at the polls.
It's still unclear just how many in Florida received these calls.
State Democrats have sent emails to their mailing list seeking reports of calls like the
one poor received, but so far only one of the calls been reported.
Both Bush's campaign and the State Republican Party have disavowed any knowledge or connection
to the calls, of course.
But in the state's still sensitive wishes of voter fraud and access to polling places,
Democrats were not willing to rule out that friends of the Bush campaign deliberately
tried to confuse Democratic voters.
Do I think Jeb Bush paid for this?
No, said Tate Sire, Research Director of the State Party.
Do I think they have friends who are smart enough to say, hey, we can do this and pay
for it and not be connected to the campaign?
Yeah.
Sire pointed a phone call in South Carolina attacking Senator John McCain's family,
while those calls were never traced to Bush or Bush supporters, McCain angrily blamed
Bush for the calls.
McCain's campaign responded with calls in Michigan to Catholic voters, implying that Bush
was anti-Catholic.
But the scale of the calls in Florida doesn't seem to come close to the anti-Makayn calls
in South Carolina, or the anti-Bush calls in Michigan.
In fact, Post said the only other person complaining of such a call was a Democratic Party
employee in Palm Beach County.
Mona Blabber says she feel that the call of Democratic Party headquarters last week
from a caller asking for Ramsey.
He said he was a volunteer for the McBride campaign, she said.
He mentioned the importance of voting and said the deadline to get the vote in is November
10.
I just figured it was the coolest volunteer, she said.
If the call was unsuccessful and fooling Poe, the call to Ramsey was even more futile.
Ramsey said she's not even voting absentee this year.
In fact, she's already cast her ballot, taking advantage of the state's early voting system.
The caller's number showed up on Post-Color ID with a San Diego, California area code.
Post said he had other party officials have tried calling the number dozens of times,
but haven't gotten an answer.
No more attempts to call the number by salon yielded only busy signals.
Yeah, they're probably busy calling Democrats.
One political calling center based in San Diego is competitive edge research and communication.
The firm's president, John Nene Stett, said nobody had his firm made the calls.
When told about the content of the calls, he said that sounds like a big fat violation
of the Voting Rights Act.
We've never done anything like that.
Nene Stett, a Republican said his firm usually handles Republican clients from the local
city council races up to presidential, but declined to name any of them.
He says Democrats may be barking up the wrong tree by trying to trace the call.
Using the phone number on a caller ID screen, you can put any number you want as an outgoing
number.
He said most call centers use a T1.
There's no phone number associated with a T1 line.
You can't make a call to that number so they may not be able to trace it.
Posts as efforts to trace the call have been futile and he said, let it a John Ascroft.
Oh, yeah, that'll do it.
Calling for an investigation.
I think we got a better chance there's writing to Edgar Allen Poe.
Party officials say Florida Attorney General Bobby Butterworth and Democrats also looking
into the matter.
Posts as it all points in the direction somebody trying to tamper with the election.
What a surprise, huh?
Trying to fix an election in Florida.
What a shock.
Unheard of.
Unacceptable.
Let us in.
Let us in.
23 to 11 at 560 WDQ.
I'm just calm down.
Just take a deep breath like that.
Just relax.
Yeah, I shouldn't have seen Don Hugh last night.
Michael Morgan made me feel like there's more than one of us who believe this way, but
all this crap, all these crooks.
Not just on one side either.
They're all a bunch of crooks.
It's just a question of which ones are most dangerous.
WDQ.
I am Q.A.M. with music.
Are we unhold?
Are we on one of those minutes?
Sorry.
Sorry, Mr. WDQ.
I am.
Neil Uncle Neil.
How are you?
OK.
What time does the if we can't begin next Monday?
WDQ.
I am.
I knew.
Here we go.
560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
WQ.
I am.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Is this Neil?
Sounds like me.
Yeah, you got a great show.
Listen, just to shift gears a little bit.
Are you familiar with this elephant, this Maryam elephant situation in Fort Lauderdale?
I have the article right in front of me about the disabled elections worker who was
re-hard after Maryam elephant blew her out so she could put her mother in there.
And fire to lady, a cripple lady who worked there for 28 years.
And then she was, of course, fired at that elephant was transferred.
So I think this was in retribution, probably.
But that wouldn't have happened if elephant had been...
On your sur-al-gurante of Maryam elephant would have been a white woman cheetah gotten
canned so fast after the September 10 election that you couldn't say her name.
Absolutely.
That's all I want to tell you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Disabled elections worker re-hard, there's the picture in a sunset with this morning
on the front of the local section.
Kathleen Weinstein had been a poll worker for 15 years at precinct 15J in the mainland
of Tamarack before being ousted.
A paraplegic widow living on social security who lost her poll worker position in the
primary to make way for election supervisor Maryam elephant's mother will get her old
job back.
Maryam elephant, and right away we get all the darkies running around, oh, you try to pick
on her because she'd be black.
We're picking on her because she's incompetent.
That's why she had no business being in there.
Absolutely none.
Any more than David Leahy has any business being there in Dave County.
Boy, I talk about a couple of losers.
Kathleen Weinstein probably will be again the clerk in precinct 15J in time for next week's
election.
She'd been a poll worker for 15 years until she was replaced by elephant's mother, had
him a Kinsey.
Good old had him a Daniel.
I'm in McKinsey.
The invaddle supervisor was the target of an ethics complaint filed yesterday alleging
she violated the state anti-Nepatism law by hiring her mother, Yamama.
How do you like that?
Hiring your mama.
Yamama.
Unbelievable.
Unacceptable.
Unbelievable.
A typical of softwood.
Yeah, that's what we said.
Yamama.
That's our message to you, Miriam elephant.
The widow in a wheelchair since the age of five because of polio was rehard after Joe
Carter, ready to reply to the softwood of Sun Central article on Saturday.
He called me Sunday and was wonderful.
She said, Carter who's taken over supervising election office following the chaotic September
10 primary, said replacing Weinstein was a terrible mistake.
He said it's my goal to put her back where she belongs.
We love crooks down here.
We love crooks and incompetent people.
And people that do all this nepotism, we love Mayor Pingham, Picania.
I took you to the scale.
You know, the hero does this big thing out there at my international airport and the
scandals that are going on all the pay off, they make any difference.
And then of course they turn on and they wind up endorsing the same assholes for office
all over again.
It doesn't do a bit of good.
And like I've tried to tell you, this place is hopeless.
Hopeless.
Enjoy the sunshine, although it's too goddamn hot.
Every day now, see I thought I'd come back for a little while like to get a little cool
breeze, the fall breeze between your knees.
Every day we're setting new records, 89 today.
Even the mosquitoes have left.
You notice that?
It's so goddamn, no seriously, even the mosquitoes took off.
They left town.
They went to Atlanta.
They couldn't handle it.
Hot.
It's humid.
Maybe it affects your brain.
Oh, George.
He ain't here today.
Okay, get out of here.
Quit sticking your damn head in the door.
You're dead damn.
Peace is going to get caught in there one of these times.
245 votes on a pool.
What's your take on guns in the US?
What's your take?
It's two late gunnuts run to country 81.
Don't effort a second amendment in my guns, God damn it.
Oh, it's a change in again.
84, like I said in the first one.
72 say don't effort a second amendment in my guns, damn it.
Too many gunloven rednecks 43.
Only police should have guns 25.
No private citizenship.
I've handguned 17.
Only police and 100 should have guns 8.
19 before 11 at 5.
60 WDQA.
When you shop for quality footwear, one name ought to pop in your mind immediately.
That's Brandy.
Just like that song by the looking glass.
Remember that song Brandy?
Brandy refined shoe.
Brandy shoes and pompe of beats.
They've been going strong in that same location for a long time.
For a coon's age, if I can say that.
Can I say that?
No.
For a long time.
And they feature all the top names in a business like RockPorts, SAS, Fairy Timberlain, Naturalizer,
and lot more.
And it would seem to me now I'm not really sure of this because this special, I don't know.
I don't want to read that special because it would be three weeks in a row and I really have my doubts.
The sales people are supposedly back but it's Troy Stratford, Graces with his presence and give me the new tag for Brandy's this week.
No.
No, we is not.
So I don't want to say that this is unsailable.
That's unspecial sale because I'd probably be lying.
You know?
And if I'm lying, I want to be lying on my own not because Troy Stratford is Vinny's screw off again.
You know, that time in Vegas he's spent out there must have rubbed off on him.
They must have been rubbing his vault spot.
And anyway, to make a long story short, you love shopping at Brandy's because no matter whether it's a big sale or special,
you can't beat through everyday low prices and the great service you get to.
Brandy's is open daily night, nine Sundays, ten to five.
When you go into Brandy's, be sure and tell him Troy Stratford is a human bowling ball.
Brandy's at 1290 North Federal Highway and pompe of beats where you just can't beat him for price election and service.
My big local business is five cities.
The radio's on your side.
Thank you, Ian.
Loves to watch boobs and butts and boinking.
I got the share of that fascist Nazi sheriff, Danny Jenny.
I got the share of when I told him he can kiss my feet.
He's a big cheddar, his town.
Because he's the biggest dick around.
To hipstacks are still big.
So don't ever let him get you going down.
He'll get lost in.
I got the share of when I told him I can kiss my feet.
I got the share of when I told him I can kiss my feet.
He's so good small and simple.
To engage in sexuality.
And forcing sex laws like joking moves.
Because bad is what brandy Jenny can't do.
I got the share of when I told him I can kiss my feet.
I got the share of when I told him I can kiss my feet.
your own 13 before 11 and you know as to here's a facts about Carlos no less
well first it's his calm down we can't afford to lose you just relax the
facts are just calm down yourself I'm in good shape and then it goes on about
the guy with a ceiling tells does know that those campaign spots have
perfect sets built in the studio so you shouldn't turn look like he cares what
ceiling tells you nobody's talking about we don't know it's as soon as the new
flunky sounds like George cause you're a flunky Carlos it's his all he has to do
is talk about swing clubs he can be as disgusting as George I don't think you
ever could be a discussing it George because you're probably actually getting
laid once in a while occasionally occasionally there you go he's getting a
little action once in a while I like George we only got laid once in the last
two years and boy who's a bad mistake oh oh bad mistake to it'll teach you a
thing or two here's another one of those letters to the editor I want to leave
a Michael Litt from Davie out in a sunsend this morning it says I'm shocked to
think that you would pick a man who helped his own brother steal the highest
power in our country you must all be Republicans are blind you're endorsing a
man took away our right to vote two years ago at least the right of others there
were plenty of other things Jeb has done wrong but I don't want to chew your ears
off if you don't want to endorse McBride find don't endorse anyone it's a lot
better than making fools out of yourself rights Michael Litt and Davie that's
right how about being neutral okay how about saying if you don't like Bill McBride
we can't endorse either one of these guys because McBride is an unknown
quantity and we already know that Bush is a crook and a liar that would that
would have gotten everybody a lot more respect but no we can't do that monkey see
monkey do this is great well I'm telling you the facts is just foaming at
them out just foaming here the second amendment myth and reality and this is
this is right on because all this crap about what the second I mean this has
been twisted and perverted and distorted take it from me when it comes to be
in perverted Warren Berger former US Supreme Court chief justice said the
second amendment has been the subject to one of the greatest pieces of fraud I
repeat the word fraud on the American public by special interest groups that
I've ever seen in my lifetime the second amendment says specifically a well
regulated militia being necessarily the security of a free state the right of
the people to keep in barrage shall not be infringed that's all it says Warren
Berger says the second amendment was one of the most misunderstood components of
our founding documents while the gun lobby has spent millions of dollars to
make the American public wrongly believe the second amendment applies to an
individuals right to owner firearm that interpretation is a falsehood in
reality the second amendment applies only to firearm ownership in the context
of a well regulated militia and not individuals when the constitution was
adopted it created a single central army under the control of the federal
government and did not contain provisions for these separate controller state
militias the problem with this arrangement was that organized state
militias were seen as a necessary component of resisting invasion from other
countries encountering rebellions and riots within the states as a result of the
unclear constitution provisions on state militias it was necessary to
explicitly state in the bill of rights that well regulated militias could not
be deprived of their right to bear arms by the federal government the second
amendment was therefore incorporated into the bill of rights as a guarantee that
the states could each maintain organized militias free from the interference of
the federal government today the national guard has formally assumed the role
of the state militia and the state seat to it that they're well enough armed
the national guard is therefore exempt from federal gun laws and they protect
the second amendment when the NRA makes claims that they're the protectors of
the second amendment this is simply not true by distorting the true meaning of
the second amendment in such an extreme way they are in fact working against it
wrote former US Supreme Court Chief Justice Warren Berger how do you like that
huh very clear it's very simple a well regulated militia doesn't say anything
about wackos crazy irresponsible people drunks and the schwarz who's in
everybody else running around with guns it says nothing about going to came
art and loading up with god damn bullets it doesn't say nothing about that and so
Wayne Lopp here there's another good liar for in all these NRA
assholes that's all they do in that that business about when bush got in while
we're gonna have our office right down the hall from the oral office and even though
they may not have a physical office done all the way they might as well have
these are the people that stole control of your government in a public
sense that like that just like that while he's doing a good job on terrorism oh
yeah doing a hell of a job that's why we keep having a new warning every day well
we haven't found this one and we haven't looked at that one and al-Qaeda's
reforming and they're like getting their act together again and the threat
I mean the head of the god damn CIA George Tennant says the threat is as great
now as it was before 9-11 and we're going like that and yesterday by the way
just another isolated incident there in the University of Arizona you
remember I put that on the ear from CNN three a professor shot and killed
because this 40-year-old student at nursing school he was this grunnel because
they wouldn't let him do his makeup exams so guess what I'm pissed off I'm gonna
go out and just like that one bit that we play that's right kill some people
it's time to get it off yeah that's the American idea of getting it on don't
forget bullets and the guns are good all you kids out there killing people
killing things butchering people that's why the rest of us looks at the rest
of the world look at us like a bunch of barbarians and just like Michael Moore said
last night I'm down to you this thing was going into a bad dead and just starting
to drop bombs all over the place well you know so we're gonna kill a few
thousand Iraqis we'll kill a few thousand American soldiers no respect for
human life in any country that doesn't respect human life and you know they're
more if these people were concerned about the unborn fetuses they are about
those of us who are actually alive then we'd have something here they don't
give a crap 20 of this for years for 20 years I've told you that they don't
give a crap about anybody who's actually walking around breathing in the
life but the fetus oh my god and interestingly enough the fetus huggers
tend to be the same people are the gun lovers and that interesting 284 votes
on the pool what's your take on guns in the US it's too late gun nuts run a
country 94 don't effort the second amendment my guns god damn it 85 of course
we just prove that you're wrong about that the second amendment's got nothing
to do with your guns too many gun loving redneck 51 only police should have
guns 26 no private citizen should have handguns period 19 only police and
hunters should have guns eight I mean you don't like Michael Moore said we're
gonna have hunters out there go out and kill bandy stuff like that five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQA and
hello hey Neil I went last Tuesday night I come I was the only eggplant at the
pizza lot WQA and hello yes sir I went to see the movie on Sunday down at
that Schmidt hole of a they call a movie theater gateway yeah that's way way too
far east for me I'll tell you though it's I urge everybody to go down and see
that on four lines around the block because it isn't incredible you won't be
able to take your eyes off it yeah I mean it's they show quite a few clips from
relies on Donnie yeah one of the best scenes in the movie by far is you saw when
they took those kids into Kmart headquarters the two kids that get right right
and all he would all he would agree to let him speak to was the media relations
person so they waited all day to speak to somebody from the company and they kept
getting a run around so you thought that was the end of the story the next
the picture this in your mind the next cut you see a picture of a street and
here's Michael Moore washing forward across the screen and behind him is
trailing all these television cameras and newspaper reporters from the local
media and he brought them all back to Kmart and they agreed right then and
there to take the book ammunition out of the Kmart excellent so that was it's a
great moment and it's a great film I'm gonna go see it this week hey one last
you know and to take a tip do you watch curb your enthusiasm on HBO now never
heard of it check it out it'll be on tomorrow night at 10 o'clock it follows
sopranos on Sunday night but they replay it on Wednesday it's Larry David it's
you love it Mo David Larry David the guy that produced sign fell Mo Howard David
yeah watch it okay okay thanks do you say Mo Howard David it's time to get it on
H.B. here's the facts from Warren and Bokos says two things did you know that
a Minnesota Register vote even as late as election day why didn't they adopt
that policy here well they don't want people to vote here okay don't
understand Warren it's like a rhetorical question I guess they don't want you
to vote unless you're one of theirs and they certainly don't want you darkies
out there voting also we says it doesn't bother me in the least that both major
South Florida newspapers are supporting Jeb Bush for governor after all they
both part of large corporate conglomerates major benefactors are right
wing policies of Jeb and his brother Georgie junior it's time for Jesse to
remind us against the out of the bushes good old Jesse Jackson you know see
Jesse's one of those people we like him when it's expedient for us you know we
generally figure that he's a scumbag and we can't stand him an exploitative
hormon or whatever he is but every once in a while he'll say something we say
yeah right on Jesse because at least he's got the balls to say it once in a
while that's what that broad said he had the balls and they disappear it
something like that 1056 at 560 Q.A.M.
we're supporting you 560
Q.A.M.
here's got
what a hell of my always getting raped by men
you have a nice dark mouth why sure but I don't ever get raped by broad
minutes women don't wait men and it's too bad that there is such a thing as an
attractive man you know
now what do you know you're crumb what are you some kind of fairy why don't you
go be another monkey for your can grind it down a hole I'm not a queer what do you
know about being queer you moron I've been right there nothing over the
difference now see here we supposed to be talking about sports here not about
good looking men just men in general and nothing else this is sports radio
over here we love men but I guess to say have a bird but just the other night I
saw this commercial on overnight TV when his guy was growing out at the ocean
see on this island filled with skippers that are broad they looked okay but
this guy in the commercial I would say in an objective sort of way he was
pretty cute
you're laughing did I give you clearies to laugh with this one a script you
ain't mo yeah and the guy was growing on the island you thought he was cute yeah
that's right are you asked me to be objective I agree us and you're still my
funny you want to get fired again that guy there had pinchable joules
I'm sure we're too good to get funny
that was George
you're gonna grind us monkey
you know maybe I am in love with that mango munch and speak
hello George that movie does make a ring on my nose glow like a neon rainbow
hmm wanting me why it was the biggest the reaction of the press that
truth about a video but I can't let anybody know I want to have to his
friends get out of here all your own that's your off hey I can't move look at
the bulge in your pants smell huh if I move the wrong way out hey everybody
moments is pants though the video problem
I'm gonna want it five sixty double the Q. I.m. happy Tuesday to you former
archdiocese official promoted gently despite priest views on homosexuality how
do you like that this from the Boston Globe of course Boston Bishop Thomas V
daily I'm sorry Bishop Thomas V daily Brooklyn New York formerly a top-breaking
official in the archdiocese of Boston knew the Reverend Paul Shamley and
Doris X between men and boys but promoted him to a head of a parish in Newton
mass according to an opposition made public yesterday he was the headman daily
who served as chancellor vicar general auxiliary bishop in the Boston Archdiocese
from seventy seven eighty four promoted father Shamley to administrator
and acting pastor at St. Jean's parish in Newton eighty four where you
allegedly went out of molester and rape a number of boys
Shanley seventy one as we all know was indicted on in June on ten counts of
child rape and six counts of indies and assault and battery for allegedly
sexually abusing boys from 1979 to 89 mothers at St. Jean's the boys were
between the ages of six and fifteen Shanley is pleaded innocent to the charges
daily gave sworn testimony Augustine civil law suits filed by three men who
claim they were sexually abused by Shanley at St. Jean's the same manner
involved in criminal complaints against Shanley and in that position daily
ignoms that he considered Shanley a troubled priest who needed help he said he
knew Shanley had attended the meeting of the North American man boy love
association namla and it spoke in favor of the group but under questioning from
civil attorney Roderick McLeese Jr. daily city hadn't received any
reports of shanley engaging and such activities himself the only thing the
only saving feature of it is that we're talking about ideas and opinions in
his promotion verbally to my knowledge at the time he wasn't involved in
activities daily so so in other words if you got a priestess promoting sex
between the men and young boys that's okay as long as you don't do it we're at
great see that's another thing I could get apple tactic about but I'm
beyond it because I realize that there's no hope that's why this idea of my
sitting here in pontificating every day like I'm gonna change something forget
about it as Mo would say forget about it hopeless these jackasses out there
and of course the church says well we're not gonna go along with that you know
the Vatican isn't too crazy about this one strike in your out deal because we
got to be third of the priest to help with the victims they're only making
trouble for us they're cursed there's a lot of money they're bad for
business they're really bad for business and you smucks out there you keep showing
up every Sunday and the same old crap and rubbing the beads and all this
uh... it's hopeless
i'm going to sit here and change mankind in human nature on some horseball
radio show on a god damn sports station in Miami with a crappy signal
uh... period all little uh... you know little sound effects for make you feel
comfortable like you're on the right station
you drive up for forty one and a god damn the electric wires on the right
given day and you can't hear a god damn thing
and i'm gonna change the world out here forget about it that's my effect
what is it
he's got the right idea anybody thinks you're gonna change human kind of got
about it that's right
here's michelle who says and she thinks he's been a change air i guess
she says wondering what's going on with your website i'm getting a lot of
factors about this by the way or i know it's not your fault but will blame you
anyway
well blame you just for a lot of gagan on that them uh... website
on a stuff that uh...
that Carlos worked out for you there
on all those links the only links like i told you before the show that he's
worried about our jimmy deen sausages those are the only links he's working on
dozens of
he just they just throw the whole package in the god damn deep fry
michelle asked i was wondering what's going on with your website i don't get
to listen to you live except for today that i'm sick sorry michelle
so i always get my face to your website archives but the archives have been
empty for what seems like forever had the archives of the show been done away
with please tell me that this eric dude will put them back up is there a
couple back up but again it's not his fault well this one time it's not as
fault
because that has to do with this ongoing thing with the uh...
the strike i mean how long can that go on
the actors who the commercials the performers uh... who are union members out
of west coast there were a bit on strike for about two years now
so you'll notice that during the live show we have to exclude the commercial
breaks and put music i don't know what we still put music on there
i i heard you know we don't know
we don't know nothing
but in the meantime if we put the archives on there would certainly be just a
gigantic i don't know how to do that unless you have like a whole staff of
people
uh... you know the leading all of the commercials from the archive shows
follow what i'm saying
so that's why that's why they know archives which of course cuts way way down
on the number of people we we can be having like four hundred thousand hits
today on a guy to my website
not to mention the ones that people are up you know snorting out there in a
guy named radio land
they're smoking it they're snorting it
of course you can blame him being in this god forsaken place
in this tropical depression
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t
and for eyes and wireless line
on all these are only isolated incidents these are men of the cloth yet
and that's why they were those dresses okay easy access
wqa m
great that i'm i'd
would you again
wqa m
i do now
i got that i'd
hello yes i'm here
disagree with you
by the way you're here echo on the phone
i've got some ear don't want to be a bit of a crappy phone
my only problem with this i don't like innocent people
being shot
by scumbag
i don't like voter irregularities as much as the next person
but my own problems
the direction you're going is that you don't want to blame the people responsible
for you want to pass the book
past the book to who
but if it
when it went
you see conversation works this way you might have come at i responded with a
question past the book to who and then you suppose to tell me what you're
talking about
i will tell you what i'm talking about please
it's not the n r r let's just talk about the n r it's not the n r r a
members
will going out killing innocent people no no
what the n r a members are doing every time any meaningful
uh... handgun the uh... restriction legislation is proposed the n r a
fight it to the nail
just like even this thing about finger you know tracing the guy the bullets like
by having like basically fingerprints on even though it's a very you know
that it's very dubious whether that's going to work or not
but no matter what it is it's always this parent-of-the-d mentality they
promote like
all next thing you know they're going to be taken away our guns
that the n r a only panders to the craziest gun huggers in the world
and you know that
the average person who's a law-biting citizen does not go out and kill
innocent
no but how about the average person who leaves their gunsly and around so
their little kids get a hold of like this little six-year-old kid in flint
michigan
and they are or like this is there once they're punished it's too god damn
late i'm not going to talk to me to eat like you okay
you're another one of these assholes who thinks that human life is uh... worthless
not a question of punishing it's a question of prevention of preventing
little kids from having guns in their hands and killing people
this isn't some
some wild
cock-eyed theory that somebody came up with this is common sense which
obviously you've got that's don't have any of
all well you know they should have a lock box that yeah that's all
good to freaking lock box look what he did for us he gave us the bushes
thanks a lot of you idiot you wouldn't use a garter indian
and your buddy julie brumman for giving us this crap
sure you might consider and talk with you from now until next sockets and
won't be a bit of good to anyone of us and because your mind is closed
all those kids out there and it's like we're talking statistics we're talking
about numbers not like we're talking about living in breathing human beings
we're talking about people
and like i keep trying to explain to you everywhere else i go into world
whether it's germany or holland or italy or candidate anywhere this doesn't go
on
oh sure there's a few people shot every year a few
and here there's so many of them that go on especially in the inner cities
you know black still other blacks we don't care about that
they don't even make the guy didn't know his paper there's no room for it
the idea that everybody in their brother should and not only do they want to have
their guns they want to have as many as they want to have they want assault weapons
they want every kind of god then fire arm that's ever been invented and nobody's
going to tell them that they can't
it's sick
so one more reason the week from today to vote against bush
to to knit this bush thing in the blood while before it spreads any worth this
cancer
i mean these are the people have taken over the country right wing religious
extremists who want to leave us all down the path of our begins we can all be
dead
blow up the god damn world for their cock-eyed religious insanity
and then people like this guy
who want to make an intellectual argument about whether you know little kids
to begin to daddy's gun oh well it's uh... you know do this and let's do the
make those people responsible like i said make an every spotable isn't going to
be bringing back the dead people
just like that little sparts are up there in Palm Beach County got pissed off
because his teacher wouldn't let him go to talk to his girlfriend and but i've been
here you go that's a solution to that
and so a good guy a family man a good teacher which are damn hard to come by
is you know especially at these prices a good teacher he's dead
and his wife and family uh... they're not going to get him back no matter who we
blame
i blame it it's like you sir that's why blame mindless simpletons
who think that everybody is just a statistic
see that i go get a senate again
that's that's pointless you're gonna change him
the chuck has to crowd
they're squeezing it they squeeze the trigger they're cleaning it it's like a
hobby
it's like the same thing with a guy that wicked weed people are so obsessed with
marijuana something to smoke it
it's nothing it's a hobby it's like your whole life and are sitting here picking
out the seeds you know
get a life
that's my suggestion to some of you people get a god damn life i realize you're in
soft food and easy to find one
get on a plane and go somewhere like the civilization wants to see what the
real world is all about
cheeses f and christ man
ten past eleven
five sixty wqa
and you can disagree all you want i tried to have a conversation with his
rebel when he starts this business about well you know it's uh... you know
say you know what i'm a accountable
hold him accountable for what after the kid is already dead
eleven thousand in one year
eleven thousand
and
and we said again you go to italy
nobody is walking around with guns except you know who's got guns
the military and the carbon you and the police yet they have guns
you go to to holland is there anybody walking around the streets with guns
no
they had like a triple murder there with one of the diamond factories there last
year in the Amsterdam
i think there were three people shot and killed and you talk about big news
because the other if they don't happen it doesn't happen
once in a blue moon that happens here it happens every five minutes
every few minutes we get another story about this little kid was shot going to
school how about we just had in god and mirrored in a virginia for christ's
with a couple of crazy sparsers that got in beat up all caprice
really holds in the back so they go around target of target practice
and all the blame and all the fri and these people ever going to do it isn't
going to bring any of those victims back it isn't going to bring them back
you got one shot at it okay if i can use that
phrase you got one shot at it once you're dead you're dead forever
somebody draw a diaphragm for this asshole that just called okay
sir you are he's an asshole right
come in it's after eleven at five sixty wqm if you want to be healthy sir pop
an oleo bed in your post i would tell you about this great product for a
long time now and some of you aren't even taken to yet what you'd be waiting for
oleo bed at the training formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical
rate olive oil combined with vitamins minerals herbal and other nutrient
scientific redesign to provide natural nutrition solutions to help support
specific health needs look for oleo meds three new formulas which are to help
you sleep one to help you lose weight and one for your heart coq 10 which is
super stuff by the way i'll using the benefits of the best olive oil you
be find anywhere olio med is an outstanding product that's available at
public's records wall reans for more info call olio med at one eight six six
six five three sixty six thirty three and you can also find them online at
olio med america dot com if you visit your public's and by an olio med product
in brow to the counties you can get you a coupon for a free larry cooker
bubble head double supplies life and what more could you want to like the
man don't forget to visit their sampling for a minute sports center
recently that often they're playing at home to pick up your free olio med
samples and product information and start feeling healthy again by poppin it in
the or a us
yes
well
all
this
Turn him into charcoal, bums to dumb
Bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum who's saying
Bums to dumb
Bums to dumb
Bums to dumb
Bums to dumb
Bums to dumb is an a-hole
Let's turn him into charcoal
Bums to dumb
Bums to dumb
Love it 17 at 560 WTQM 5607 0560
pound 560 on the AT&T and wireless line
368 votes on our Puld of the Anni-Arrangers.com
What's your take on guns in the US?
Basically, we want to go and take a wicked crap. I'll tell you that.
Oh, don't laugh with the second amendment. My guns, God damn it.
129. That's we got some fake votes on there.
Either that or the NRA notes are spreading the daisy-chain word around.
But of course, they're 35% the other 65% don't agree with you. Two thirds.
And those are real votes. It's too late. Gun nuts run a country 109.
Too many gun loving redneck 62. Only police should have guns 33.
No private citizens should have handguns 24. Only police and hunters should have guns 10.
This is the way to be going right now.
WQAM.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I got an old font story here. I don't know if you caught it.
They did a...
When they were doing the county commission investigation about where the money went.
A lady stands up and goes her name, which was an old font, and starts saying,
you know, I want to say of all the good things that she's done over the years.
And one of the county commissioners goes, stops her and goes,
can you recognize yourself again? And she says her name and he goes, no,
are you her mother? And she goes, yes, what's that got to do with it?
What's that got to do with anything? I could not believe it. Only in South Florida.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay, bye. Say hi to Miss Elephant.
Okay, let's see. Guns had a problem. Here's a fact that looks like an old jump or a parake of tourism.
According to the 1997 Survey of State Prison Inmates, among those possessing a gun the source of the gun was from,
a flea marketer gun show fewer than 2%. A retail store or pawn shop about 12%.
Family friends, a street bar, a legal source for 80%. Victimization is including a firearm represented
8% of the 6.3 million violent crimes of rape and sexual.
Well, we're not saying you don't get raped with a gun. See, this is again planned games with numbers.
Okay.
Plan games with numbers.
You don't get raped with a gun and robbery, of course, well, good luck to you. Okay.
People usually don't get robbed unless somebody's got a gun. Only 8%.
So we're only talking about those 11,000 lives. Again, they're just statistics to this asshole.
Whoever facts me this right now. More NRA propaganda. Save the paper. You're not, you're just spending your wheels.
If you think you're going to have any impact on me, I know better.
I've lived in places where they're like got their heads on straight, where they're saying people walking around.
Decent people. People that don't want to blow each other away. Are we tend to get fired up and pissed off?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60. See, a lot of you folks who never get out of town very much, you know, maybe ought to steal some money without a gun, of course.
But go like, you know, hold up a 7, 11.
And, you know, get some money and get on a plane and go and spend some time like in France or Germany or Italy or Switzerland or Netherlands or Sweden or Finland or Norway or Canada or like a whole bunch of places where they're not blowing each other.
And, you know, get on a plane and go and spend some time with them and go to the other way in a street every day with guns and little kids aren't like picking up daddy's gun in the guy in the bedroom or somewhere and going out and taking it to school and blowing their schoolmates away.
It doesn't happen very, very rarely. Almost never.
And, the fact that the public in this country accepts this like I've told you before a zillion times, oh this is just the way it is, it's not what we can do about it.
That's pathetic. Talk about a bunch of apathetic assholes.
But boy, what time is that goddamn pregame show start, Neil? What time's the ballgame start?
This radio station is the epitome of what's wrong with America.
I'm glad that I work on this radio station because 16 hours a day, this station they penalizes what's wrong with a guy named people in this country, babbling idiots.
Well, do you think that if they can get a new right tackle out there and then maybe open up some running room for Ricky?
Yeah, right. Who the hell gives a flying crap about Ricky, Ricky, Tiggy? And by the way, Ricky, get a haircut.
You scumbag. Man, that's all these people know.
And what's your take on that game this Friday, Hank? What's your take? You like the overs? You like the unders? Should I suck with this or should I tease with that?
Yeah, suck this. That's the limit of the American mentality out there.
And all this bull crap about 9-11 and everybody waving a flag and they were all whipped up. They could give a crowd they wanted to be safe.
That's all and they don't even care about that. They're just hoping for the best.
They'll listen to any goddamn bull crap the government pedals in. And just like this, Iraq business. I mean, they've been making happen as they go along.
They come right out as far back as January and tell us over playing the war card.
And then in August, well, you know, you don't sell new products in August in the dog days of summer.
We'll wait till Labor Day. We'll wait till the anniversary of 9-11. Then we'll come up with a big pitch on Sodom as the evil doer and the threat with his weapons of mass destruction.
Bull crap. Bull crap. And you know, as soon as North Korea said, well, guess what? We got him. We already got him.
You see us invading North Korea? No, no, we're talking nice to them over there. We're making nice.
See, we don't want to invade anybody that's already got him. Like Pakistan and just like that one bit we got, that's the place we should have started with Pakistan.
The ones who invented the Taliban. WQAM.
Why aren't you married at the 80s? WQAM?
Deal.
Yes, sir. How you doing today?
Okay. You seem a little fired up to the top.
Yeah, no, why should I be fired up? You know, I don't know. I can wait for the ball games to come on.
Yeah, it's not worth complaining. No one listens around here. Then a long time.
I will be here. I now drive up North and I can only get you if I call you up on the phone.
You're talking about. Yeah, but it's great to hear your voice and one last thing where you fudge back and...
Okay, there he is. There's the fudge back in guy. You okay?
Yeah, I'm doing great. I haven't got you a long time.
Good. All right. You take care.
Have a great life, pal. Keep driving. Keep driving North. Get out of this place.
I'll be driving North.
Okay. Good luck to you. That's the fudge back in guy.
He's a pretty good guy. Look pretty good. I remember that.
But he's probably getting old and probably at least 25 now.
5670560. What are you laughing about, mister?
0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
See, that's one thing about women. You know, it's that God works in mysterious ways.
Women, sometimes they get like in their 30s and 40s, they actually look better than they did when they were like 20.
But with men, you know, they start like getting to 20, 25.
They start with a male pattern baldness and they're...
No, it starts getting longer and on. They start getting really grotesque.
They get Jason Gidwick syndrome, you know? That's God again, Dickin with us one more time.
You know, because he got a wicked sense of humor.
W-Q-I-M.
Meal.
Yes, ma'am.
I still enjoy your show. You're wonderful. I love your sense of humor.
Yes, I am. I'm a panic.
What if you're in your 50s, do you still look good?
Some people do. I'd never look at it at any point.
So I don't make any difference by it. See, I'm ageless because I never look at it from the womb out.
I love your honesty. I love it.
You take care of it.
Okay, you too, thanks.
Bye-bye.
Okay, and how do you like that hollow thing on the phone there?
Well, it's this phone system. See, now that we're starting to take calls again,
now the phone problems will creep up again and the engineer is boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo like that.
George Corsa will be... he'll be huddling with the, you know, his mentor there.
Bob Vermuth, mini-Bob. You know, it will be huddling with old Bob.
And it'll be making all kinds of cracks about screw-in and the...
Roy!
About how that old Fag changes his mind every five minutes.
I didn't change my mind about Amsterdam, by the way.
That was so you guys. I'm going to put that on a record again.
I was going to have this in all the equipment back here because unless I can get like a negative ion machine
or one of those air filter things in my studio over there, I'm not doing shows there.
Because the, you know, when you're in the basement, I'm not sleeping in that basement either.
I'm going to sleep upstairs in my apartment over there because downstairs is moldy and moldy.
I mean, you know, Amsterdam is wonderful, but Holland is in the stone age.
You know?
How about knocking some of those old goddamn buildings down to build something new?
They don't have to be like high-rise condos like here, but how about something?
All those old row houses that are like five and six hundred years old,
rotting and creeping and smelling and nasty.
Even the goddamn spiders moved out.
They were so mildewy.
Yeah.
They left a note.
Something about Charlotte's web.
Get out of here, okay?
Crazy old fart.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60.
Now Tom Jicke was right partway.
Now, the business about where I do the show that he was totally wrong about.
But this idea that I'm going to save the world by sitting here reading a bunch of crap here.
I mean, you know, I got a few bedtime stories like the ones I read today.
We'll do that every day.
But take some of these great phone calls on here.
That's what, that's what it's all about.
It's that it come sitting hours every day, pouring over the computer,
and working on worrying about this website and the guy that's in the internet is down.
And they help with that.
Who the hell needs that?
Nobody gives a crap about anything here anyway.
By the way, let me say it again because I won't get one other call on it.
Bobby Lwango, your God, baby.
Apologize to him for the assholes in those stands last night,
giving him a Bronx cheer.
Oh man, you people, you ought to stay home.
That place would be better off empty when the assholes that were in there.
13,000 miles.
I saw it on television.
There was like eight or nine thousand there last night.
That was a lot.
That was a lot.
And of course, I can't blame too many people for not going.
Because who wants to sit in the midst of that?
Crappy performance, crappy team, the youngsters in the organization.
And not only that, but crappy fans.
As long as I live, I'll never forget that one asshole last season.
He's talking on his self-foot.
The game is going on, keep in mind.
He's standing up and he's talking to his buddy up on the off to his left there in the upper,
where the hell have you guys said?
And he's talking to him.
He's got a beer and one hand to cell phone and the other hand.
And he's standing there and standing there and standing.
I finally said, sit down.
And he turns around and says, why?
I said, because I want to see the game and all of a sudden he sat down.
I mean, what a concept.
He wasn't there to see the game.
He was there to be a professional asshole to talk with his buddy on the cell phone.
Oh, I'm down here.
Oh, yeah.
You know, even his doberman won't talk to him this guy.
Come on, Warhol hit somebody.
I should've hit him.
Come on, Pete, there's a guy who can take out.
26 after 11 at 5.60 WDQ went.
And if you aren't getting a good night's sleep anymore, guess what?
Probably because your bed sucks.
Your mattress has had it.
Well, if that's the case, you probably feel impreckey every day too.
Because the fact you're not getting good sleep.
Well, you want to get a great night's sleep every night.
Do what I do.
Do what Miguel did.
And that's called Tyler Mattress Miguel did it because he got his mattress free.
A whole brother.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll be guaranteed a great night's sleep.
Tyler Mattress carries only top brands like Seely, Certa, Simmons, King Coral, and every size
every comfort level, which means the mattress you're looking for the exact one, is in stock ready
for immediate delivery.
And like I said, the very, very frugal Miguel, he got himself a new bed.
And he's loving it.
He's screwing his brains out on it.
That's what he said.
He should not do anything else around here.
I'll tell you that.
Nothing.
The folks at Tyler Mattress did what they said they would know BS, no excuses, no bait,
and swish, just a comfortable, relaxing night's sleep for the love of Miguel and his lovely
fiancee.
Well, understand it's pretty hot.
When the crew from Tyler Mattress got to his house, they set up the new mattress, took away the old crappy one.
Then they hid in the closet so they could watch kind of like a Kathy Willetz house.
They said, man, you couldn't believe it.
They said they were doing positions we haven't even heard of yet.
Even the Kamasutra would be shocked.
And now, through the end of the month, only three more days you can get a Tyler Mattress delivery free.
That's right.
You can get your delivery on Tyler Mattress free in just two hours or any two hour window you provide,
depending on where you live, like noon to two, one to three, two to four, etc.
Don't forget only three days left through the end of the month, which today is the 29th.
So it's like a baby like Miguel and I are doing.
And one of these days, it'll be very close.
Call 1-800-
What's wrong with that?
1-800-
Mattress now.
1-800-
MAT-T-R-E-S for Tyler Mattress, brand name beds for busy and horny people.
Line and local, out of here, sports radio 560, skew a, u-a-m.
Ambulin, rate me.
Work class foods, part of the Philip Norris family.
And we know what your kids want for dinner.
Work class, nicotine and cheese, please.
It's class-owned creamy, delicious, processed cheese melted over pure, hugely addictive nicotine.
Kids love it.
Hmm.
It's the nicotine.
It's the cheese.
No, you're right.
It's the nicotine.
My kids can't get enough of class nicotine and cheese.
Where is it, you old hag?
Where is it?
Now, Billy, stop digging under those seat cushions.
I've got more nicotine and cheese right here.
Oh, great mom.
Hmm.
Class nicotine and cheese.
It's the nicotine.
Class nicotine and cheese, part of the Philip Norris family.
We keep trying to distance ourselves from being an evil representative of tobacco-related death.
But somehow it just isn't working.
I'm a 32 or 560-double-de-cure.
I'm a 62 or 560-double-de-cure.
I'm a 62 or 560-double-de-cure.
I'm a 62 or 560-double-de-cure.
I'm a 62 or 560-double-de-cure.
I'm a 62 or 560-double-de-cure.
I'm a 62 or 560-double-de-cure.
I'm a 62 or 560-double-de-cure.
I'm a 62 or 560-double-de-cure.
I'm a 62 or 560-double-de-cure.
I'm a 62 or 560-double-de-cure.
I'm a 62 or 560-double-de-cure.
I'm a 62 or 560-double-de-cure.
I'm a 62 or 560-double-de-cure.
I'm a 62 or 560-double-de-cure.
I'm a 62 or 560-double-de-cure.
I'm a 62 or 560-double-de-cure.
I'm a 62 or 560-double-de-cure.
I'm a 62 or 560-double-de-cure.
I'm a 62 or 560-double-de-cure.
He says, who said I have as many guns as I need, but not as many as I want?
Both Phil Graham and Democrats, Zell Miller and NRA conventions,
when he gets ass-wipes like, first of all, Zell Miller from Georgia is not a Democrat.
He is by name.
He's a right-wing, dixie-cratt asshole from JoJo.
Okay, he's a cracker.
A cracker.
Mike Moore is not redeeming himself for supporting Nader in 2000,
but I appreciate the fact he's not a partisan, he's a thinker.
While Donnie who did the same thing, he had two Nader liquors on their last night.
Shame on them.
But like I said, I don't agree with them on everything,
but it was a brilliant show, it was a great show.
And I admire the fact that this guy got together with a bunch of thinking people
and a coerced cameart in a squits selling goddamn bullets for use in killing people.
If you want to sell shells for a hunting, that's one thing.
But to be as selling bullets like the kids at Columbine bought,
which like I said, it's the first time I ever heard that,
that they bought the shells at the bullets at cameart and they went bowling.
I never heard that before.
I'm a little bit slow.
The NRA is the ultimate excuse maker.
It says for those guys who are always out there trying to shift the blame from there
from the NRA's seeking to make any gun okay for anyone no matter how immature,
stupid or incompetent.
Did you notice on Donnie who last night when they showed Chuck,
he hesitant to convince him rallying the troops?
He wasn't holding a tech 9 or 7 in a special guns that are expressly made for killing human beings.
He's holding a civil war rifle that fired maybe one shot every 30 seconds.
At a boy, Rocco.
Of course, he forgot where to get the other ones.
Robert Place lawyer wants to quit.
Gee, I started with this at 9 o'clock and forget about it.
Got hooked up with all this other crap.
Monday, yesterday, Harlan Braun said he was asking the judge on the Robert Blake murder case to let him quit
as the actor's defense attorney because the former bret on our gangster was going to do a TV interview against his advice.
But authorities now say the jailhouse interview, which would have been taped this Friday with Diane Soyer,
will not be allowed.
Thank the Lord.
Thank good old.
I tell him I was the interview of Robert Blake will not happen while he's in custody of the LA County Sheriff's Department,
since Sheriff Lee Bakka several hours after the dispute between Braun and Blake was made pubic.
Braun has represented Blake since his wife, Bonnie Lee, bakedly, was shot to deathmate.
I see him in Georgia in here today so we don't have to hear about the bitch deserved it, okay?
Monday before the sheriff's office nixed Blake,
what are you going to say the same thing? You got that smelly?
You're going to say the same thing. The bitch deserved it.
You're not fooling me. You fix her all the same.
Such as sexist bastards, just use them and lose them and abuse them and shoot them.
Monday before the sheriff's office nixed Blake's plan to tell us to run camera,
Braun told reporters he had met with his client and expressed his opposition in the interview.
He insists on doing an interview on camera with Diane Soyer, Brown said,
I think it's insane for a person charged with a crime to go on camera to answer questions about the case.
No lawyer in the country would allow defendants to do this.
It's up to the judge presiding over the case to decide where to let Braun resign.
There you go. Poor Bobby Blake and like I said,
man, you talk about a white here.
Geez. He started to look like what's his name there on PBS, on CNN, on CNBC.
What tells his name? You wouldn't know. Louis Rookhizer.
He's got the powdered wig, you know, like George Washington and Moa Howard David.
WQIM.
Louis Rookhizer.
QAM.
He's got the powdered wig, you know, like George Washington.
Turn it up a little bit louder. Let's see how long we...
QAM, hello.
QAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Hello.
Yes sir.
They're all crazy people, Neil.
No, I got to say.
Yeah.
What's a crazy people?
They listen, did we ever find out that Russian gas what it was?
Yeah, it was either with heroin or morphine.
No, I think with the president's name of Putin, we could figure it out, right?
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, it was pretty funny.
Pretty humorous.
See what I'm saying?
Everything's a big joke.
Ha, only 117 people died.
It wasn't none of his kids, so it was okay.
It was not none of his kids.
Big Joe, very funny pals.
See what I'm saying about Americans, attitudes to a human life.
Aaaaah, you know, all the Spence of all who cares.
There's a bunch of Ruskies anyway.
Who gives a flying crap?
Come and east to come and east to.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
See, it's searching for an intelligent comment in this town.
It's like looking for a goddamn needle in your ass.
In Josh Friedman's ass.
The whole goddamn army, the Navy, the Air Force couldn't find anything in Joe's.
Josh Friedman's ass.
And quite frankly, who the hell would want to look?
What a thought.
W-Q-A-M.
All liberal lies.
Yeah.
Over and over again.
Okay, well guess what?
Don't listen to that, okay?
Everything on his show is a liberal lie, but don't listen to it.
Liberal lies.
Another gunnut.
He's sitting out there squeezing it.
W-Q-A-M.
If you heard the story about the breeder's cup,
somebody hit all six tickets in the picture.
No, and I couldn't care less.
Call up one of the sports shows.
We don't talk gambling on this show, okay, sir.
We're not interested.
By the way, you should have seen that third race at Pompa No Park.
We're not talking gambling, okay?
We're talking important stuff, and you're a simple dude.
I don't give a crap if they hit 19 out of 18 at the breeder's cup.
By the way, you notice we had another horse breakdown and had to be humanly destroyed.
Every year at the breeder's cup, every year it seems like there's another race horse has to be destroyed.
I just mentioned that in passing.
I'm not saying we have an outlaw horse racing because then we won't have anything to bet on.
Except stupid ball games.
W-Q-A-M.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
You know, getting a little concerned about these people on South Florida,
all the events are going on with this sniper thing.
There's no South Florida connection.
No, you're wrong.
I'm wrong.
The two guys passed through Miami International.
I-N-S had a hold of them and they let them slip through their fingers.
And then the malevo kid went to school and fought Myers for 39 days.
There's always a South Florida connection.
All right, so we did keep up the tradition.
Absolutely.
All right, we'll just check out.
We're trying to both sleep with the wheel.
You can-you can sleep easy now, okay?
All right, brother.
Okay.
All right.
We don't want to be left out.
When in doubt, don't leave us out.
That's our motto here at South Florida.
If there's any crap that goes on in the world, we want to be included.
We want to be at the forefront of it.
Whether it's a goddamn terrorist, the lunatics, the goddamn maniac hijackers.
They're hanging out down here.
They're going to strip clubs.
They're doing their thing.
They're buying a goddamn inquire.
We're up there in Lantana.
518 votes.
I love it.
It's getting this-it's already disqualified.
How do you like that?
We already de-queue that first category.
Very sorry about that.
It's like when you're in a horse race, you cut across the infield.
Sorry, it's the old de-queue.
When the jockey throws out the weights at the starting gate.
The old de-queue.
21 till a noon at 5.60 WDQM.
We got the mad dog, the angry puppy, the hysterical hound.
One o'clock, you're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
You're mad at it.
Hey, why I love the pant that you front running.
Fony, Fony, F.
Who are you people kidding?
Fony, Fony, Bologna.
We love the winners whoever they are.
And tomorrow night it's the Dallas star.
They're playing against how you're like that.
Here's the star, Tom Layman.
Just ask him, he'll tell you I'm a star.
He's in hell with Pontiac GMC.
He says this year in Halloween, no tricks just treats.
Announcing the grade 0% financing on a Halloween event right now at hell.
You got that?
That's right with the proof credit from hell at Pontiac.
Get 0% 0 down payment.
Let me slow down a little bit because this is very, very important.
Get 0 down payment and 0% financing up to 60 months on all 2002 Pontiac and GMC models and select 2003's.
Or take a rebate of up to 4,500 bucks.
How do you like that?
They jack the rebate of all the way to 4,500 bucks.
Here's even more treats.
Knock tricks, 0 payments for 90 days as always at hell at 0 hassles.
Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the envoy voted by MotorPrint as SUV of the year.
And the all new Pontiac vibe SUV that's pretty damn good.
Halips also got us to pennies a unbeatable selection of dependable use car trucks and SUVs.
And credit problems are never a problem when you do your car shopping in hell because they'll cut you a deal no matter what kind of a schmuck you might be.
It's the grade 0% Halloween event going on right now at hell at Pontiac and from a new location where they've been doing it right for 35 years.
1-34-01 South Dixie Highway.
That's US-1 right across from the falls open every day, seven days a week.
For more info call 305-238-4040.
305-238-4040 for Halipond egg GMC who still say whether you like it or not we are professional grade.
My, my, and local. This is 43560.
You way, you way.
You fudge packing?
Next week on the supremos.
Gamoa! I'm not gonna sign the financial bank first!
Tell me you got to sign the bank!
Can you sign the financial bank first?
Can you sign the bank first?
I don't get it because I'm sad. I'm gonna sign the bank first!
The supremos.
Look at the impression of my tires.
What?
My tires soft.
We'll let them air out of my tire.
They just all love it, huh?
The supremos.
Oh, it's the last canole.
I had my mom said I had that canole.
Hey, Jay, you fat little, did you eat the last canole?
That was angry, right?
Oh, jeez, I wanted that canole.
Yeah, I had it, I wanted it.
The supremos.
Christopher, let me talk to you.
Yeah, talk to you.
Did he scoggle piss make my butt look big?
What, what time?
My bar, did he look big in these cargo pants?
I'll eat it a wax and mine.
We don't do that anymore on this show.
It's all about financial bank first!
It's an all-ease and that pressure and a tires!
The supremos.
Should've made me a head cough.
I love to...
My sweet canoe.
Bobby, can I fix you some chicken masala?
How about some scumgili?
No, I'm not about pasta and beans.
It's the right canoe.
It should've been beaten in a cup.
I love to have...
Oh, my carrot.
This is the pranos.
David Chase is done again.
Who could believe he could take a fast-paced, groundbreaking series
and make it look like blossom?
What?
Remember the girl with a big horn in the kid who said,
Whoa!
Metal!
You see my underpants?
My underpants!
My underpants!
Love him 46 at 5.60 W.
Carlos is on the phone with his bookie today.
It's incredible.
He's been on that phone for almost three-seller hours.
What is that?
He's been on the phone with the beesleaves.
What is that?
For the Enrique tickets,
that everybody's gonna have to come and pick them up
when we're not gonna do it a mail-amount.
Who said we were gonna mail them out?
Well, I thought we were at that, that we could mail them out.
So...
Can I say on the area yesterday,
they're all gonna have to come and pick them up?
Yes, I did.
That's okay, I understand.
And you know what?
They're freebies anyway.
So if they get them,
find it out to them, okay?
Thanks for running my show yesterday.
Although it was okay,
we heard from a lot of living and breathing people.
At least they sounded like probably the same three people.
This is a great fact I just received from Jeff.
Great go and Jeff.
You got your thumb right on it, baby.
He says,
Dear Neil,
yesterday around noon,
I left a lively city in Las Vegas,
where people are all happy and joyous.
As always, twice a year anyway,
my wife and I had a great time
with the eating gambling and basic R&R.
We were married at the Bellagio two years ago.
Our reason for getting married
there was a partially wanted to be in a happy place
where we knew people would be safe
and be able to have a great time as they did.
Bottom line,
Vegas is a place where people can enjoy
a relatively safe, enjoyable place.
There is always a reason for going.
And you are absolutely correct.
Even if the only reason is to lose your ass,
you're right, Jeff.
You walk the streets on the strip.
And like I've told you before,
do you think those people in Vegas
who run those multi-billion-dollar casinos,
you think they're going to put up?
And you know,
once in a great while I got like some,
you know,
but you think they're going to put up
with that kind of crime rate over there
with crazy people with guts.
The answer is absolutely not.
And speaking of scumbags,
which are the second paragraph
and Jeff's facts,
which really,
this is where it's at, okay?
So it was Michael Moore on Donnie,
who last night,
and now a fact from a living and breathing guy today,
which makes me feel like maybe I'm not totally crazy?
He says,
all this leads up to coming home to Miami last night,
as we enter the plane,
the line moves slower than usual.
We travel coach, but direct.
We soon find out why.
OJ was writing autographs in coach.
Oh, man.
Where I might not even travel with an enormous bodyguard.
My wife and I in our airline neighbor were in shock
and how many people wanted his autograph.
Oh, man.
Just thought I would share my enjoyable airline experience.
Americans love a scumbag, as you say.
There you go right there.
Here's a murdering scumbag.
No good,
lousy son of a bitch,
who's in trouble with law every five minutes
since he's been down here again.
Just like that infamous golf term,
it that disgrace that happened on this show
for almost five years ago,
whatever it was,
that disgrace.
And some of the people that were like moaning
and groaning that he was there,
they were going,
can I have your autograph, OJ?
Can I have your autograph?
Oh, man.
Oh, my God.
It's no different from the people who want to collect the art
from John Wayne Gacy and all these other mass murderers.
Oh, we're going to collect the art
because it's going to be worth a lot of great.
We're right to love letters
and these scumbags like that broad
that married Eric Menendez while he was in jail.
Right.
Lovely.
And how about Ted Bundy?
You know, they had the thing on MSNBC
over the weekend,
which you've seen those things a million times,
but it was the Bundy story again,
which I've seen at least two million times.
But I had forgotten that,
that actually he of course had these all these proposals
from these desperate women
who couldn't get laid in a pickle patch.
And he married one of them.
She was on a witness stand,
of course, he was his own attorney.
And he, one of the questions,
the last question he has,
would you be my bride?
Would you marry her?
She says, yes, Nissen,
I will marry you when I were married, you know?
And so they said that even though
conjugal visits were allowed in jail,
somehow the two of the men
to conceive a baby,
how did they do that?
Maybe it was like on passions,
maybe it was magic,
maybe tabitha waived her magic wand.
Because evidently,
Ted didn't put his magic wand.
If they were not allowed conjugal visits,
how did that happen?
Squirt Squirt?
Yeah.
Man, that is really strange.
So anyway, Ted Bundy fathered a child in jail,
isn't that wonderful?
Isn't that great?
The bigger the scumbag,
the more they love them.
Hmm, let's start
and threaten some love letters
to these two scumbags in jail now,
the two snipers, huh?
Just before we, before we fray their ass.
And like I said at the beginning of the show,
I loved Michael Moore last night there on Donnie,
who is a great guy,
but this whole business
of not being for capital punishment,
when you live in a barbaric,
wild-ass, crazy society,
where you got all these lunatics
running around,
especially with guns,
you got to like a mean business.
You got to mean business.
And all this arguing
and all these dance stupid shows about,
wow, who's going to get to try and first?
What differences does it make?
Now they find that they also,
whether more implicated
in the shooting in the Tacoma.
Montgomery, Alabama,
Tacoma, they were shooting people all over the country.
Now they say, oh, guess what?
They did this, oh, this one over here.
So let's convict them about 20 times
and then we'll fry them 20 times.
How's that?
You know how they have those double fried French fries?
Yeah.
We'll send to Amsterdam.
We'll let them fry them.
That's right. They don't fry them over there.
Like I said, let it leave them here.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You know, did you see the Michael Moore interview
with Kim Ruffet last week?
No.
It was really good.
I missed the interview last night on Dona U.
It was great.
But did he go into his talking about
the Democratic Party and what a show
of its former self it is.
Yes, yes he did.
I mean, any grip Clinton and asked
for that welfare business for a
limiting welfare, yes.
I mean, the guy is like 90%
just so right on.
Incredible.
That's right.
He's basically coming from the same place.
I am in it.
Is that both parties suck at just the question.
One is a lot more dangerous than the other one.
And he talked about how our security
at our headquarters is just a sod.
Like I said, dog and pony show.
Exactly.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
Keep it to good work.
Thank you.
While my finger slipped on a thing there
plus he was out of time.
Here is the fact that says the George
is disgusting guy.
What is that?
I don't get it.
Your site is weak but I'm very
stupid.
Our website is not weak.
It's not weak.
I mean, it could use a little help.
And Eric, but it's, you know,
there used to be some news on there.
But again, then of course, he would never
update it.
So now like when I come back from my
summer vacation or we're going to be
doing something special, it never shows up on it
because he's busy eating,
Jimmy Dean, Link sausage is okay.
He's busy stuffing his fat pus.
But anyway, this guy says,
you're a site is weak.
I'm sympathetic to Eric's problem.
I worked on websites for two years
until the bottom fell out.
Hits ain't Schmidt.
Everyone wants money now.
Sites cost a lot of money.
Clicks and hits are nice,
but they don't bring the cash register.
I'm doing TV again, but can help with the updates.
We got Carlisere.
Okay. We appreciate it very much.
George is disgusting guy.
We got Carlisere as a computer wizard.
Just ask him.
He'll tell you all about Adaware.
I think he's got stock in it.
It says I can help with updates to the site that's the best thing
about the websites can be updated from anywhere.
I think it's important.
The ceiling tells me first the guy wanted to fix his kids' school.
They spent 100,000 to build fake classrooms for the bush commercials.
And said, oh, no, I see.
Yeah.
The guy I called earlier.
Oh, I had the bad connection.
I could barely understand what he was saying.
I can't say my name.
I'm poor and can't afford the bad press.
The Georgia is disgusting guy.
Well, thank you for the offer, sir.
But Carlisere's got a stomach right on it.
Okay.
He's calling all those people at 1D and reek a tickets and saying,
hey, go ahead and go.
Okay.
Have a good time like that.
Just like that.
And don't be ever calling us here again.
So, are we able to get a hold of someone?
Yeah.
What are two?
One or two?
No, I'm just kidding.
I got a ball.
You got them all?
And are they going?
Are these like real people?
Or is this another scammer?
They're going to be scalping the tickets.
They sell like real people that are gold.
Good.
That's our crowd.
Maybe we got some real people out there who want to go there
and just squeeze and reek it.
They want to see if it really is his firm and smooth and lovely
as it looks in those videos.
And his stomach too.
He said he's got the smallest penis of any man on the face of the earth.
Can you believe that?
That's what Enrique told me.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Any?
Yes, sir.
Just because certain people don't know where to vote or how to vote
doesn't mean they're different franchise.
What does that mean?
You know what it means.
I'll have to say in other words,
when people go to the polls and they're turned away by the Florida,
get out of here, you idiot.
Here's the guy that's saying it.
Another rationalizer, okay?
The election was raised.
Everybody knows that.
They don't want the dark folks voting because they almost all vote in Democrat.
So don't be giving them any of this shfarts as they are dumb.
We already know that, okay?
That's beside the point.
That's because people like you are keeping them under your thumb.
And don't give a crap about education just like your governor.
They put on a good dog and pony show F-cat-my-ass, okay?
Governor Bush, F-cat-my-ass.
You're all the same, maybe.
Just nobody can reason with you.
Nobody just to confuse you with the facts.
It's all liberal propaganda.
That all like baby crap again, the liberals, the conservatives,
all a bunch of crap.
You're never going to get anywhere as long as you live in that kind of a mentality.
But the blinders on.
Just like the religious nuts.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Go on my own, baby.
David Samson, shame on you, okay?
Call an important show like this.
W-Q-A-M.
And do you hear there's like a baby crying in the back?
Isn't that sad?
He's reproducing.
Q-A-M, hello.
Neil, it's a pleasure having you back doing this type of show.
Yes, it is. You bet you, man.
I feel like a million bucks.
I just want to say you're absolutely right when Neil Bush is going to collect money
on software for those F-cats.
Yeah.
And when people are worried about who's doing what chicken in what hotel room.
Right.
You know, this is what's going on in this country.
And it's really sad if you think about this.
Amen.
You know, but anyway, I'm glad you're doing that.
This format again, Neil.
Please stay with and stop doing the Newsy Act all day.
You got to call me Friday with the Newsy thing?
That would be me.
Thank you very much.
All right, brother.
I'm not saying you're a great caller, but thank you.
I see that.
He got to stop that.
No, no, seriously, he made a good call.
How come so Newsy?
And at the time, George look at me.
You know, George, he's a little hard-ass anyway.
Oh, he is.
He just overreacts to the callers.
It's a radio show, you know?
And then if somebody rips him, he, they're on or off the air.
He takes it very personal after all these years.
I've been trying to tell him.
It just amongst your schmucks.
What are you worried about?
They're just having a good time.
He takes it very personal.
Oh, they're another calling you a little hateful spick.
Yeah, and what's wrong with that?
I guess the truth here.
It's known as George.
Hateful little spick.
Pally.
I'm sorry.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Yeah, George never saw Palestinian in love.
Okay?
I mean, they're all crazy over there.
I try to be fair about it.
I try to tell it like it is.
They're nuts on both sides.
But this guy just obsessed with this freaking the poor Palestinians.
How about letting them move into your house, George?
How about adopting a few Palestinians?
Use crazy spick.
Now see, don't pick on him while he's not here.
Why not?
He'll be the Thursday night at Treasure Island hoping for a little head for a little something.
It's gonna happen?
No.
No chance.
No way, man.
He reminds me of those kids.
What was that movie, my tutor?
Clark Brandon and that other goofy kid.
They kept driving around from one house to another from one horror house to another.
Couldn't get laid in goddamn Amsterdam, those guys.
Just like George.
My life and locals.
6, 6, 4, 30, 5, 60.
You way, you way.
Errr.
It'd be the 12 to 1 hour on WQ Air.
Wait, mama, wait, mama, whanda del la ma'cala.
Hey, how you doing over there?
I'm coming, Patuli, honor one of your local island gardens down the road him.
Come on in and get your fresh baked breadsticks, your hard zesty pasta, or sad full of tangy chicken dishes.
The olive garden.
When you're here, your family.
Hi, triple for two.
Hey, where the hell you've been?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, chop chop.
Let's get the garbage out here and clean up these tables for me.
What are you talking about?
What do you mean what I'm talking about?
Let's go move, move, move, move.
Yeah, table for two, please.
No, take the garbage out first and wash your hands.
Come back, I got some jobs for you.
I'm here to eat, can I?
Excuse me, can you lend me a 20?
What?
Give me a kiss to the car, huh?
Give your uncle's sell $20 and a kiss to your car.
I'll hand it back by 8 o'clock.
I don't know who that is.
Hey, when you're here, you're family.
I'm outta here.
Get out of my way, kid.
What can I do for you, there, honey?
He's telling me where the bathrooms are.
Your can is looking kind of big in that dress.
Excuse me, I'm a paying customer.
No offense, there, honey.
But that dress don't do your justice.
You can't look very big.
What?
That's enough.
Come on, kids, we're going to Hula-Hans.
Have you called, mom?
You're out of your mind.
Hey, when you're here, you're family.
Go, uh, I'm a table for four.
Oh, you're kind of docky there, huh?
My kids are here.
Kids, which house?
What are you doing?
Who's kids in those?
Those close kids are those ay-your kids.
We don't buy you that, Frito.
Welcome my two kids.
Go upstairs, Barkey.
Finish your homework, okay?
My homework, I'm 42 years old.
I'm got you kids in life.
Hey, hey.
Enough with the back top with your uncle Sal over here.
What are you guys talking about?
Hey, when you're here, you're family.
I'll have gotten it.
Like it or not, when you're there, you're family.
12-1 and we don't like it.
12-1 and 560 W.
I'm 637 votes.
And some of them are even real, but not too many.
What's your take on guns in the U.S.?
Don't effort a second amendment in my guns, goddamnit.
That's been disqualified already because it's got 324 votes.
50.8% of which I'd say 200 are phony votes.
But in a feeding frenzy, what does that tell you?
Oh, yeah, crazy people with guns.
It's too late.
Gun nuts run a country of 143.
Too many gun loving redneck 85.
Only police should have guns 36.
No private citizen should have handguns 35.
And only police and hunters should have guns 11.
This is the most depressing piece of news.
Somebody disfacts to me.
Oh, all the part of it is good.
Larry King loses in cable ratings.
In another milestone for the Ascendant Fox News Channel,
which shows how many right-wingers there are in this country.
The political talk show, Hannity and Coums,
is Eclipsey and ends Larry King live in ratings for the first time.
Oh!
The program with conservative conum commentator Sean Hannity
is more liberal foil Alan Coums,
which is a horrible show, by the way,
is averaged 1.65 million viewers in October.
The King's 1.58 million recorded a meal and media research.
But if Larry can just have one more of those panels on there,
those panels with the same half-dozen old trolls,
including that bitch Nancy Grace from Court TV,
I'm going to tell you, I would like to just,
I mean, I don't want to say anything really grotesque,
but I would, without baseball,
I'd like to break both her legs.
Nancy Grace, man, she makes me vomit.
She's nauseating.
Our panel, we got our panel tonight.
And of course, it's the interchangeable panel.
Let's make a difference what's the topic is,
whether it's OJ, whether it's the sniper case,
whether it's the terrorist attacks,
whether it's, you know, is insomnia, a bad epidemic.
No matter what it is, we got the panel of experts.
No matter what it is, Larry,
plus you look about 100 years old.
Don't be trusted, Os.
Fox, your pastor, past year and end in full-day ratings
for the first time earlier this year,
can now boast that it's the top-rated cable news
that worked throughout prime time.
Well, whoopsy do, and it still blows.
Hannity and Coums benefits from being on directly after the O'Reilly fact.
I think it's all that pancake make-up that impressed America.
That must be what do it, all of the orange people.
Hannity and Coums benefits from being directly on after the O'Reilly factor,
which had a bigger audience this month
than rivals Connie, Chink, and Phil Lone, who combined.
Well, that's no surprise.
At 8 p.m., Bill O'Reilly show averaged 2.65-bit reviewers,
Chink's crime-oriented news show on CNN had 1.13 million,
and poor old Phil and MSNBC has talked to him
had 527,000 viewers, and I'm sitting here asking
that anybody see Phil last night would Michael Moore,
oh my god, 527,000 viewers, that's pathetic.
And he finally would, when we least expect it,
he does a good show last night.
The 10 p.m. hours and other battlefield for Fox and CNN,
Fox is Greta von Suston, perhaps the ugliest woman on the face of the earth,
who jumped from CNN earlier this year,
averaged 1.32 million viewers,
and Aaron Brown with a paciest wig,
he makes most peace look good.
When at Red Muskrat that died on his head,
the wine he went, he's gone like the Julie were men of a newscasting.
Wine, he went p. Aaron Brown had 1.18 million on newsnight,
so we've been Greta beat him, that nasty looking bitch.
Oh, I think the mad dog needs to go see a good eye doctor.
First he was into Greta making a big,
now he's into that bitch that went over to a CBS.
The one that used to be on CNN that I hate, hate like poison,
what's her name?
Oh, Kristian, I'm on poor.
I heard him last week when I, oh yeah, I saw Kristian,
or she's a Fox.
Maybe she belongs on Fox,
but she ain't no Fox, she's disgusting nasty bitch,
who I think wants to get it on with the Pope.
You hear what she said to Mike Wallace Sunday night?
If there's a butt, I smell it.
CNN spokeswoman Krista Robinson said Tuesday
that a network remains suddenly behind King,
who show like most cable news programs
in a busy news month show growth from September.
It continues to be unraveled
that's news making interviews Robinson said,
Larry King live continues to be invaluable to CNN.
The wonder AL stock is in there,
yeah, going to craft.
Although remaining behind Fox overall,
CNN had won bragging point recently,
a beat Fox that ratings on Thursday,
when they captured the Washington area sniper's
elevated news network viewership.
Fox news channel representatives did not immediately return call
for comment.
They're just, they're just happy that anybody's watching.
Like G either, where this is really going over?
This crap?
Got a lot of calls here, boy, we got the,
not too many actually, five six, seven,
oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T,
and Verizon Wireless Line.
So we got to keep these phones slamming, baby.
That's the only way this is going to fly.
We have to go back to that business,
Neil Beggs for calls, boy, you're going to see me turn like on a dime.
We're not going to go back to God and reading all this bedtime stories.
We'll just are playing jingles or something all day.
This idea with all this important stuff and unimportant stuff
and ball game, and where's my Panther call?
By the way, where's a Panther call?
God damn it.
What's wrong with you people?
Are you totally like retarded or something?
Maybe you're depressed because the old number eight
wasn't out there kicking a crap out of a few guys
while you were getting in bearer six to one.
Why do we live in your goalie there to get sheld?
W-D-Q-A-M?
What's up, Neil?
Don't fake for calls.
Yeah.
How about them?
California Angels went into World Series.
Great, love that.
Get out of here.
That's the guy with the eyes.
W-D-Q-A-M, it is.
Q-I-M.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
Just checking in with you.
I decided to tell you like to know that the great one
is heading to Council Muhammad and his stepson.
Reverend Jones will be there to Council East taking Jesse with him.
Uh-huh.
They're going to have a big pile wall at the jail.
Sir, what are you talking about?
Reverend Jones is going to Council.
Yeah, good.
Okay, he needs counseling, okay?
That's what Dick Feinberg told me to pump it apart.
Goopal with a silly baseball cap.
Reverend Jones.
Well, we got him back.
That's good.
Fies, see it only took two days.
We got all the losers back.
Oh, yeah.
What are checking?
Every day we check just to make sure you're going out going back
to the old step.
And we're going to have to do that.
And we're going to have to do that.
And we're going to have to do that.
And we're going to have to do that.
And we're going to have to do that.
And we're going to have to do that.
And we're going to have to do that.
And we're going to have to do that.
And we're going to have to do that.
And we're going to have to do that.
And we're going to have to do that.
And we're going to have to do that.
And we're going to have to do that.
And we're going to have to do that.
And we're going to have to do that.
And we're going to have to do that.
And we're going to have to do that.
And we're going to have to do that.
And we're going to have to do that.
And we're going to have to do that.
And we're going to have to do that.
And we're going to have to do that.
And we're going to have to do that.
And we're going to have to do that.
And we're going to have to do that.
And we're going to have to do that.
If there's a button, I smell it.
You know, there's never been a better time to purchase a home or refinance your existing home.
How about a rate of only 3.95 percent?
Altresson, that's what I was looking for.
Okay.
Altresson.
Same thing, son of grandma.
I just want to be politically incorrect.
Okay.
Make sure we use the right word on there.
Altresson.
Like I said, there's never been a better time to get you a home.
That's right.
Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95 percent rate.
If you just pick up that phone, there we go with that again.
You know, you know, how to make a phone call.
Okay.
Hey, Todd, I know you're stupid.
But the audience, even our audience is smart enough.
They don't need, they know that if they're going to make a call, they have to pick up the phone.
Maybe they just want to like speed dial it.
Okay.
Without picking up the phone, putts.
Call financial group tool free 1-809-4-0-L-E-N-D.
And where's my champion light from PD Lenny, the toxic big game, but don't come through.
Probably Miguel's going to have to schlep it up here and he ain't coming near me.
To him.
1-809-4-050-363.
The money you're going to save is unbelievable.
Think about it.
You can get yourself $100,000 alone for only $450 bucks a month or a $200,000 loan for only $950 bucks a month.
The process is simple.
You're going to save yourself a crap load of cash every year.
So pick up the phone and call our good friends at financial group 1-809-4-0-Lin.
In fact, just out of spite to Todd, Rick, put the phone on the floor and dial it with your toes.
Like one of those Phil Henry bits.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
There's never been a better time to get you a low interest rate call financial group.
You'll be on your way to big savings.
Financial group is an equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change.
So call them out tool free 1-809-4-0-L-E-N-D.
That's 1-809-4-0-503-363.
And after you threw it a phone, put it back down.
5-10-Local.
This is 560.
The rate is all yours.
Q-A-M.
Stop the show at this point right now.
It's 12-13 and we have to stop the show.
Because freaking Carlos from out front buzzes our Carlos in here and tells him,
Johnny Dark is out in the lobby.
You know, Johnny is working a kiss down the hall down the street now.
Is anybody in this audience wanting to hear Johnny Dark?
No.
Are we going to feed him?
I'm going to mommy's for lunch.
So we're going to feed him?
No.
Why do we want?
Yesterday it wasn't bad enough Woody Graber came in here.
We had that giveaway which is always a killer on this show.
At least we got a lot of calls.
But it killed the show.
See, this is another problem I've been back here now.
All these people want to come in here and smooth.
I don't want to smooth with anybody.
I'm doing a radio show.
Have a nice day, Johnny.
Okay?
Don't go away, mad.
Just go away.
Johnny Dark's in the ass mode.
Welcome back to the glittering Magin Tree of the Mojahuan and David's show.
We have a full duck at today.
Including the cavalcade of our articulate, athlete interviews.
You know that pipe smoke is still at it.
What?
What singing those songs make it fun on me?
They make fun on me all the time.
I don't know why they don't adore me.
They're there.
Everything will be alright, Mo.
Get your hands off me, a fairy.
You're queer.
You're a tomb jumper.
Real men don't touch.
Only during the game.
Yes, master.
They want singing.
I'll give them singing.
Get on a piano.
Over there.
Okay, Mo.
Now, hit it.
Back in my day, men was straight.
The end day is rip today.
That's why I can't tolerate.
Tis gunslet gaze.
Spoils were in tape at the end.
What a stovage, you're more on it.
What's the matter, Mo?
My wing fell off I got it.
Okay.
Alright, where were we?
Spoils were in tape at the end.
I'll take it from here.
The guys that like the worship men.
Good thing we won't see.
We'll ignore way in the matter again.
Didn't need those earth broads, devids.
Or to tickle hairy taint.
Jesus Christ, I really hate.
Jesus, God's Win.
God!
Hey, Johnny dark, have a great life, Johnny.
Timey time.
Forget out of here.
I just don't understand that.
When you told me that I was just flabbergasted.
Johnny darks at the front desk.
Oh, yeah.
And?
And?
I'm doing a radio show here.
Okay, I'm not here to schmoozing,
loosing, eating the treat, and grih.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 60,ç„¶åŽ piwon, 5, 60 on 18T
and Verizon wireless line. Not that I would like to see in Johnny again someday. Like maybe,
I don't know, 2005 would be good.
Deputy QIM.
Neil. Yes, sir.
It's Moishi.
How you doing?
Good, how are you?
Moishi, Pupik.
Moishi, Moishi, remember?
Did you put Moishi?
Who?
I grew up. I finally realized what a liberal figure you are.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm almost a interpreter.
Yeah, good. Okay, congratulations. You hear him twisting it? Twisting in the
Yankee and pulling it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, like a chicken to pull it.
0.560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Moishi, huh?
Deputy QIM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Panther question here.
Panther call? Oh, my God.
What's more of the servings of the Panther defense or Howard Davis Wigg?
Yeah, see, there's a good panther question for you. See, this is what they got. They can't
discuss it because they know nothing about it. They know nothing about it. How can this
town have a freaking hockey team? We got a morning guy that won't talk about it, which
is probably a good move on his part of one of the few he's made. They know nothing about
it. They don't care about it. And yet the paper says 13,000 and some odd, yeah, I
was the word. People were there. There were no 13,000 people there. It's a travesty.
It's a joke. What's happening to everything in this country? Just expansion, expansion,
water, it down, just like they're having this big argument about, wow, who is the better
running pack? The greatest of all time. Jim Brown, you know, and now all of a sudden,
they're running out of material, I guess. So the big thing about the greatest, the baseball
play of all time, which they don't even put down Larsen's perfect game on the list. I mean,
who are you talking to? A bunch of punks that weren't even live back then. And then I hear
these people calling Mo this morning who they wouldn't know Jim Brown from James Brown.
They haven't got a clue. They never saw him play one down. And then most as well, who was
tackling him a bunch of fat white guys? Yeah, and I know how was the league? How many teams were
in league? Did they have like 800 teams in league like they got now? All this watered down
crap with eight men in the crappy little girls teams? No. That's what the NFL is today.
Of course, you don't want to admit it because that's his bread and butter. But that's what it is today.
Mediocrity, rampant mediocrity. They wanted parody. They got parody, which equals mediocrity.
Then we got a frickin hockey team here in God only knows why. What was wrong with the original six?
Now what was wrong with that? So maybe we have a dozen. Okay, that would double the original
size of the NHL, a dozen. Get all the other franchises. Clear them out. Then you'd have some real
quality, baby. Can you imagine the phenomenal things you'd have if you only had a dozen teams?
Ho ho. Instead of all of this crud and his crack.
There was our hockey call, which is more disturbing. The Panther defense are Moe's hair piece.
WQAM. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I thought I was going to be embarrassed
being a capital spam. Hey, I watched the game. To me, Longer stood off their tag.
And I can't believe they did that to them. I agree with you. If it wasn't for them,
it's not a debatable point. It's not a debatable point. But just the fact that these people don't
understand what's going on. And when some people put on a great performance for them and keeps their
team in the game and then they abandon him in the last five minutes of the game, they're too stupid
to understand that they don't get it. I know he, to me, he's a wonderful goalie. If he was with a real
team, he could probably take him all the way to the cup. With a real team, right? Which he's not?
Exactly. Hey, I did go to one of the games this year and it's gotten even worse.
People just sitting on their hands or they're yapping on their cell phone until they shoot the
free stuff up into the crowd. I'm never going back. Okay. Okay. I'll see you. Yeah, when the
Leafs play here, I'll go to that. I won't be here for the one in December, but later on in the
season they play here again. I'll go see that and that'll be it. I might go to one or two others
just for a kicks, but there are no kicks because it's not fun. That's just because it's a crappy team.
It's just not a fun environment. It's not a fun atmosphere. It's a bunch of like he says deadheads.
Deadheads and no nothings. There's a handful of people that, you know, are real fans on the
stand-in game, but they're so outnumbered by the other cell phone munchers that forget about it.
Who now wants to go and be part of that environment? Not to mention, of course, all the lies that
were told. See, this town doesn't appreciate the great performance. It's like Dan Marino.
They ripped him and asked every chance they could get, oh, Danny, this and then of course,
once he retired, well, I'm just like now after Fidel got, well, you think Danny's got something left
in the tank? Does he have anything left in the tank? They don't appreciate it and then like
Pavel Burry probably one of the four or five most sensational players in the game.
Ah, well, you know, Trevor Kid said he was divisive. Trevor Kid couldn't stop a goddamn
watermelon. Okay, with your hands. Trouble making big mouth Trevor freaking kid.
And so right away they're making excuses about why they dumped off Pavel Burry and about,
wow, he did this. He didn't do that. He was lazy. And the meantime, he goes and he's kicking
ass. He's not the ranger's suck, but nevertheless, he's kicking ass personally.
And what have we got now? Did they spend that money on free agents? Did they improve the team?
Did they do anything? They said that we're going to do? Absolutely not.
Absolutely not. And the public sits back here. But, oh, that's why, yeah, well, what's the point?
It's Lolloland. Lolloland. These are people just waiting to get taken and fleeced down here
just so they can bitch about it. Like I said before, these people don't see their sports teams
lose because then it gives them something to bitch about. There were more people calling
them here after that goddamn buffalo game after the Kansas City Dolphin game. Then there were after
they knocked off Denver that incredible game. They'd rather lose because then they got something
to criticize, something to bitch about, something to belly. Where? Where?
Can I get the message across or what? No. That's okay. I'll keep getting paid regardless.
W-Q-A-M. Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Thanks for listening.
W-Q-A-M. Neil? Yes sir. How are you, honey? Okay. All right. A couple of things. I get on the right
when you're out of town. So I'll tell you, you're the greatest. One comment quick. A note to all
of you Republican bastards, you're giving us more now. You gave us a lapse of security which
meant 9-11 and you're giving us a depression. Okay great. Brilliant call. 567-0560.
Pound 560 on the AT. I think they were out before him was better. The blah blah blah guy. I think
was better. W-Q-A-M. Hi Neil. I just want to throw in my two cents. Go right ahead and throw it
in there sir. About what? That's a stupid sniper case. I'm watching TV and they're talking about
cutting it deal for this. That young punk that testify against the other guy is like what?
They couldn't get a conviction otherwise. The only deal that should be cut for him is like right
at the neck. That's where they should start cutting. After each shooting they had 50 billion
police guys walking it inch away from each other. Yeah. Picking up every little piece of scrap
of everything but they don't have enough evidence to convict this guy. They need they need
is a compless to testify. Likely story. If they don't fry both of them and we're going to have
going to be really pissed off. I heard that and I agreed totally with what you said about the
guy. You might take another dump in my pants. I'm going to be so pissed off if they don't execute
these guys. I'm sure it's. Thank you Neil. Have a great day. Yeah they ought to cut him a deal.
Like I said, cut him right under the left cheekbone here and right across to the right one. That's
where they ought to cut him. This business and that's another thing when he's got him. They can't
prosecute anybody in this country. First of all they usually can't catch him then when they finally
do and then I'll say it again. The only reason they caught him is because they basically turned
themselves in. Oh check mobile Alabama. Check. Yeah. And it turned out and of course at the time
in Alabama they never bothered checking that thumbprint. They had one thumbprint which was from the
kid by the way. They had to one time they never bothered checking it. Ah! Which they already had
on file. It was in the FBI records. It was in the national whatever the hell they called it. It
was in there. Oh we don't want to catch them before they you know we turn them loose and let them
go around the country and blow a few more people away. Because looking at looking at how bad it
was TV I was talking at TV networks man. This was a bonanza for ratings even Lauren Green's
embarrassed. He's eaten hellpoh with both hands. W2QAM. QAM. I'm crazy. W2QAM. Hey Neil. Yes sir.
Hey good to see you. Good to see you. These people are going to miss you man when you're
gone. I've been with them since I was about 19 but that's like 20 years now and because these
losers you get on they're an ass. I'm sorry they're butthole. And I like and I like when you read the news.
Okay. All right. Thanks for the suck job. Thank you. Not too many suck jobs. Okay it's boring. I want
to talk to people that got something to say which means we're not going to give very many calls
because over the years most of you have nothing to say which is not the reflection on what this
town's all about. People with nothing to say no matter how traumatic how grotesque how exciting how
anything is they got nothing to say. Did I get my hockey call or not? No I didn't. I just had
that one guy who thought it was been a comedian. Very very no I did get the guy the capitals guy.
Yeah see you're not paying any attention. Okay. You're another anti hockey guy. Enough for me.
Another anti hockey guy. And you show me a bunch of people that are anti hockey and I'll show you
some real schmucks. Okay. Real sad. People are in the crap like auto racing. Oh round and
around. Yeah that's something really exciting. Chiropractors like it.
26 past noon we got the mad dog coming up at chula's at one o'clock and then we get on the
important stuff. Give me the ball. Give me the ball. Give me the ball. Give me the ball. Give me the
ball. The important stuff on this radio station. 16 hours a day of talking to mental
midgets out there who are so and by the way aren't we blessed to live in this town?
Aren't we oh that's right I forgot to open the last of Buffalo game. We used to be blessed to
live in this town and a hercones only one by 17 points against West Virginia and their
defense looks like a sieve. So we're not so blessed as we used to be and oh it got
damn it. What's all happened? We used to be blessed in this town. I think the Lord has taken
a turn for the war son and not seriously we're in trouble. That that call that was the the call
for the ages. I've been talking to people all over the country Jim. Aren't we blessed to be here
in South Florida? After that was after that big weekend when hercones squeaked by FSC want to
miss field rule again which always happens and then Miami wound up with what's his name?
Oh Lohlanda Marae kicking a winning field goal.
Lohlanda Marae which I noticed he made a sudden turn around on that huh?
Made a sudden embarrassing turn around he used to be Lohlanda Marae and now he's Lohlanda Marae
which is his real name anyway okay. I'd like to say to you uh Mo Fulade. Fulade
don't let the door hit you and your wig on a boy out get out of here already. Will you
kill us? Everybody in the building is it they were psychotic. In fact there were people
in lighting candles there were so much in morning that your numbers weren't worse than they
were in this last book. People were praying praying for fractions around here.
And by the way to folks at Westwood want to say don't call us again.
27 afternoon at 560 WDQA. I'm Haylet Spaci. I've been heard about FASTRANE for a very long time.
Sometimes you wonder if it makes sense for you. Well a lot of you guys out there it does make sense.
The facts are simple like so many of our listeners. If you have the dedication FASTRANE will provide
you with all the necessary training to become a certified computer professional. According to
Time Magazine that a man for computer professionals will continue to explode. The average student
completes the training in just four short months attending school three nights a week. Once you've
completed your certification FASTRANE will assist you in obtaining your new computer job. FASTRANE
advice you to come in and visit their train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you
whether it's like Hazel Park or Northfield Downs or maybe Old Wolverine Harnest Raceway. FASTRANE
is uh you can reach me at 866 FASTRANE to set up that appointment with four convenient locations
is about a one year by you. They're in Miami Pemberpines for a lot of day and now in Kindle.
Don't forget to ask the career counselor for a list of students just like you who are currently
in their dream jobs thanks to getting all that training at FASTRANE. So pick up the phone,
stop on it, put it on the floor, kick it against the wall, do something, make that call at 1-866 FASTRANE
that's 866 FASTRANE or check them out on the Wicked World Wide Web at FASTRANE.com.
This is Jocelyn Elders and I'm Mad at those right wing sons of bitches that force Bill Clinton
fired me. It's harder to how they think they are. All I was trying to do was deal with the reality
of sex and teenagers. Maybe if Jesse Holmes had busted the champ or new gang rich had butters
of corn a little more there wouldn't be so uptight. Flag in the dog never hurt anybody and if people
did a little more that we might save some lives. Helen Clinton just stayed home and spanked the
monkey. He'd even been less hot water. Teaching kids about masturbation would be no big deal.
We could even take some standard teaching tools and just twist them around a little bit like
C-Dick Run. When you see Dick Run, get to the doctor because you picked up a bag case of
crouch crickets. Folks we got to get real about the realities of the world we live in.
There are too many kids out there taking a baloney ride and parking there in Harbour.
Now if we just teach them to stay home and paddle the pickle, pump the python, walk the door, wax
the carrot or tickle the taco, we'd all be better off. That's all I have to say. Now I'm going home
now and see if Mr. Elders wants to pop it in the toaster and hail oyster and buzz the brillant.
1232 at 560 WQAM. Here's a cue one. Look at that. It's a picture of Moe. I mean the original Moe. He says
shout out to you and I'm scumbag broadcasting. There you go nice gone Moe. You're the best.
5607 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. We're back to the great cause. We got a few assholes out
there. It's great. That's what it's all about and then of course we also got this.
That's from very elephant. Okay. You idiot. I said, I'm on that's the dedication to her.
You mama my ass. 726 votes about which you're what about 341 150. What's your take on guns in the US?
Don't effort a second amendment. My guns god damn it. 388. Disqualified. Too many fake votes.
It's too late gun. That's run a country 151. Too many gun loving rednecks 90. Oh,
only police should have guns 45. No private citizens should have handguns 40. And only police
and hundreds should have guns 11. That's been stuck on 11 for a long time. WDQAM.
Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hockey. Yeah. Very depressing. Is this a real hockey call?
Real hockey call. Oh right. Wow. I don't want to tell you. You look at the minutes played by the key
players. Yes. No gas left at the end of the game. So the end of the game is when the goal is
the goal is scored against them. You go to overtime. They don't have the legs to do it. It's really,
really sad. Yeah. What they did to Luangal last night was there was shameful. I mean, they just
left him honest to his own resources. They left him alone. Absolutely. They're like the fans
walking out after that third goal was scored. Yeah. They walked out to with him. It was terrible.
I know a lot of games Neil and it's very painful. Well, you know, again, how do they expect
people to continue paying those kind of prices when they aren't putting a product out there? I
mean, how often can you keep lying in this business about the youngsters in the organization?
You're going to have some some young veterans, not just some old veterans. You got to have some
young veterans out there. We should put your use Ray Whitney still on the team and Mike Solinger
and some of the other guys we dumped out of there. Melon Vee. I mean, what are they talking about?
They basically unloaded everybody. It was almost like the Marlins under a different name and
did the same thing. My eight year old says the exact same thing. And yesterday he says,
we're walking out some guy in front of us with hysterical. He said, Daddy, can we just trade the team
and get the trade wet wings to play there? There you go. Now you're talking. So I look at them. They're
lucky to watch. Thank you. There's a hockey call. Oh, it only took three hours and 35 minutes to get one.
I'm not saying we want to talk a lot about hockey, but how can a town have a hockey team with nobody
that understands what's going on? Oh, well, I'd pop out of Burry. He was no good anyway.
Right. Just like Danny Boy, he went any good. Does anybody in this town ever been any good? No,
they all suck. That's basically the philosophy in this town. Everybody sucks but me, see? Me, me, me, me, me.
Where's my freebies? Where's my, we get the free tickets for that lady? Yeah.
Yeah, she was insisting that she had one of them this morning.
I beg your pardon. She was insisting that it was this morning that she was like, most of our audience,
she's kind of clueless. Yeah. That's good. She fits right in. What do you mean she want them
this morning? That's what she was saying. But is her name on the list? Yeah, from yesterday. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. So it flies when you're having fun. Maybe she's on heavy drugs. Okay. Like most of our
audience, don't be, don't be nitpicking. If you gave the bitch, I mean, a nice lady heard tickets
and you got her out of here. That's good. You got Johnny Dark out of here. You got that lady out
of here with her tickets. That's good. That's a good start. Great. Excellent. And tell Eric
quit the dick and around. I'm telling you, he's like right on the edge with me. He's right on the edge.
If he don't, why doesn't he understand that we're not interested in being used and manipulated
by any of these goddamn TV networks. We're not interested. You understand, Eric? Do you get it?
No. Put the sandwich down, Eric. It's kind of hard to use common sense and reason when your blood
sugar is over 800. Put the goddamn link sausages back in your pants and cut the crap.
The answer is no. Like I said, if he would spend as much time dealing with our website,
as he is talking all these and being a superstar with all these people we don't want to talk to,
we need to have a great website. Almost as good as online detective. And maybe he could be
scamming a lot more money than he already is. W-Q-A-M. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. This is another happy
hockey call. Yeah, you sound delighted. Yeah. I took your advice three years ago and moved out of
Miami, went over to Mark O'Alan where we have a bunch of old parts, but still we don't have,
we don't have the, you know, Hispanics. Yeah, let's see. I come back to Miami or I should say
sunrise to see the hockey games. You mean, have hockey games? And the only reason we kept them
this year was because of the all-star tickets. Wait a minute. One moment, hang on. Just join
charges that have been made in other states. No, they just got more charges against these two
sources. Go ahead. Go ahead, sir. So we got our, we got notified yesterday. We got four
hockey tickets for that all-star weekend. That's the only reason they have the tickets right now.
And you talk about guns. I really don't like guns, but coming over, I'm thinking, boy, I need to
pick up a gun here because one of our boys, a whole year old, as George would say, jumps into the
sawgrass lane where it says, chain, jowling, and then they don't have change. So they're the ones
you want to blow away. Yeah, like I said, it's a good thing you don't have any guns. Enjoy the rest of
the town. You know, I'm happy to be in and out real quickly. Well, I'm not going to be here very
long. I'll be going to get out here. You're going to have to freeze my ass off. I'm getting out of
this place. Get out and get the hell out of here. I'll see you on Mark O'Alan. Take care, you're not
good guy. Okay, thanks. Bye-bye. You too. Can't stand you too, though. I don't mean him. I mean, like,
you too. They just make my skin crawl. Ooh, one of my least favorite groups. I was going to say
music or groups, but they don't make music. They make noise. Tim and primitive pines, you're right,
Tim. I haven't heard from you in a long time. I wonder if it's such a good mood. It says,
hi, I haven't faxed since one. It wonders. Remember when I wanted to hear the cheater by Bob Kubin and
Ian Men? No. Yes, I do. I know Jev is a door kid and his wife and kids are not going to
get nice hearing from a political sophisticated like yourself. Flip between Don HÃ¼na and O'Reilly
last night thought it was Phil's best show yet. You're right. Although I think he flipped out,
it came back because he was jealous of O'Reilly. Well, maybe that's what it took. Maybe when he saw
HÃ¼na he had like a half a million people. I mean, that's pathetic. Pathetic. His numbers are
worse than mose. Are you ready for that? Jesus Christ. Also did you ever find the song Anna by
the Beatles of Summer Neil? No, I did not. Thanks. Slowly starting to listen again, system.
Slowly starting to listen again. Oh man. He reminds me of my not my mailman, but my
neighbor's mailman Rick. Good old Rick, the mailman. Well, we were going to rate it. Turn it off.
I saw Rick the other day. He had wave to him. He gave me a dirty look. That's okay, Rick. That's
all right. I'd be bitter too if I was stuck delivering mail for, oh, yo, I was 80 years old.
He's a good guy. Oh, Rick. He's all right. 21 till 1 at 5. 60. WQAM. Hey, if you were got that
big ugly bald spot, like so many people, we know you're looking to marry you. Jesus Christ.
Where did my hair go? Well, here's the answer for Charles Alfieri. I've been talking about Charlie.
It seems for 100 years now. And for as long as I can remember, Charlie's been the best in the
business. And he still is because he's always improving away. That system looks the natural
hairline system is what we're talking about. It is the best in the world because it's 100%
undetectable. And I should apologize to some of the what's he doing here today?
What's he doing here today? He says astuce. I got you checked. Just relax.
Anyway, it's 100% undetectable. So it looks like the hair is really going out of your scalp.
I was about to say something very important about somebody with a bad hair piece. Oh, that is
good. Synch. Remember the day we did that thing about who had the worst wig? And somebody mentioned
his name. Well, I hadn't seen him in a very long time. He was on, they had him on here a few days
ago. I'm one of the talking it. Man, you're right. He looks like Mark Albert and drag. He's
unbelievable. Anyway, if you're tired of looking like that or you just have that big ugly bald spot.
And as soon as I mentioned bald spot, Bill Cabrine walked in the door just to coincide in
so I guess, get yourself the natural hairline system from Chuck Alphiery. When you call the
studio, as mentioned, the erudges on my 200 bucks off the regular price. And you have nothing to
lose but that grotesque nasty ugly bald spot because you wear Charlie's system for 30 days.
Everybody gets this guarantee. If after 30 days, you don't love it and the way it looks and feels
and smells the whole deal, you're not getting all kinds of action. Well, Charlie, give you a full refund.
So call today 1-800-321-2413 and look better and younger than you ever thought you would
again. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their infamous website at CharlesAffiery.com.
I'd like to welcome you all to tonight's Miami Duff and Bank with.
We'll be starting the evening off with a few words from Moe Howard David.
This thing on here. A goody thing in power dice.
Gentlemen, enjoy!
I'm honored to be on the day is tonight. I almost didn't make it because the tailor ran out of
the bed for my leisure suit. All docker, all docker. Which reminds me of the time
that my wife was late taken to the garbage. She ran after the truck yelling,
am I too late? And they said no. Jump in.
They said no. Jump in. Don't you get it?
It's just great stuff here. I got good cleaning you over here. Why should the
queer of the speaker all the less? Hey, I'm talking over here. The man you're expecting
attention. Now, why don't all you dump your bastards just dump the f*** up?
If you don't, why else do it? That the organization has you off the head.
I have to get you right now. Help me, you beast. Now, we've paid attention.
Come on, tell us the same funny one. Hey, how about not throw the breath football? Sure.
I got a regulation football of my ass. It's an official regulation football of my ass.
Hey, I took what my plug for the next time I took it.
Now, I picked a bad date of quits, nothing glued. I guess so.
1246 at 560. Here's Frank says me hockey facts. Thanks Frank.
But let's not overdo it.
778 votes on air a totally bogus total, which I'd say about 278, at least they're phony with this
NRA crowd. W-Q-A-M.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay. Just wanted to say thank you for speaking the truth here.
Regardless of what it is about guns or about the bad politicians here in South Florida,
wherever it may be, you speak the truth. So I appreciate that.
Also, I want to say, I think about a year ago, you made a statement I met with you from
Good Advice. It was about the bad ethnic groups here in South Florida.
The bad one?
The ethnic groups have different racial problems here in South Florida.
Yeah, how everybody hates each other, yes.
Right. You were saying something. I didn't get a minute, but I'm just
a thank you for what you said. You said something about well, you doubt, you doubt
folks, you don't have a child of a chance in hell, but you said do the best you can.
And that's what I'm trying to do here in South Florida.
Exactly.
Doing the best you can do, man.
Yeah.
And I appreciate that. I took that advice.
You know, I didn't get a sense.
Actually, then get a feeling about it. So keep up the good work.
Just look around and realize where you are.
Exactly.
Okay, hang in there, pal.
All right, yeah.
13 to 1 at 560.
So see if Eric would have told me that stuff.
He just told me I would have been a little more sympathetic to his cause.
But nobody tells me nothing, say.
Nobody talks to me.
I don't want to do like inside stuff on here, but why not?
No, seriously, I don't know anything about that stuff.
That could have been resolved days ago.
Just went in doubt, get it to hell out.
It's not worth it.
I'll just imagine how much more food we left over for us.
So anyway, like I'm not even going to go into the result of the poll,
because it's so bogus, we're going to have to excise that thing
and like rearrange the percentages because, you know, we got some crazy people out there.
Like I've said, that's when you got problems.
Crazy people with guns, boy, you got a real problem.
And that's the USA for you.
WQAM.
QAM, yes, sir.
Number one is my birthday.
And I wanted to say on my 33rd birthday, my last one stuck in South Florida,
you're the only good thing about this now.
Thank you very much.
We'll say you're the only good thing about this town.
They wouldn't know a sport of it, knocked a puck out of them.
And please kill the calls.
Kill the calls?
Yes, no more police.
This is the last call.
Well, no, but after today, please kill them.
I just wanted to get in one time.
I've been listening to you nine years.
And God bless you, thanks.
Okay, God bless you.
Don't forget, God begins with Giants.
So there's guns, guns, gods and guns.
Makes me want to play that Bob and Tom bit about the Bartles and Son,
or we got Bartles and Son liquors and guns.
Well, what's that one about the old, you know what I'm talking about?
You know the one I'm talking about with the old tavern,
the god, the guns and whatever that thing is.
I find it.
And tomorrow I'll play it.
Way, way, I'm getting way too old to be a searchon for stuff at this end time of the show.
Yes, I am.
Like no mistake about that.
Ancient week from today, 60 years old, baby, ancient.
And if there's one thing that makes me nauseous,
other than people that wear ugly hair pieces,
is men who lie about their age.
Wow.
That makes me just want to bark.
Talk about vein.
You know what I'm talking about?
Really vein and gay.
Yeah.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hey guy, Ticket's left.
How about you, Pern?
Hey, Ticket's left.
Yeah, we got tickets for you, okay?
What were you going about?
72?
We got any tickets left.
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
I think the guy that called before him was right.
But we're continuing with the calls, because I like him.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I saw that hockey game last night.
I'm sorry.
Well, it was a great game to about five minutes left.
It was only a great game because the long go stood on his head the first two and two and two
thirds periods.
That's the only reason it was a great game.
It was a miracle they were still in that game.
I mean, how big of a fool and made a couple of phenomenal saves, too.
But for nine minutes in a row and a panthers didn't even have a shot.
Nine minutes in a row without a shot.
What kind of an effort is that?
Well, sometimes the youngsters are a little afraid to shoot it.
Well, you know something, we don't need quite so many youngsters in the organization.
We need like a few guys that aren't afraid to shoot it.
You know what I'm saying?
But I kind of like the way they're playing this year.
I like watching the games and, uh,
I know they're not a great team going in,
but you serve this.
Let me say something to you.
This franchise has existed for 10 years.
They've made the playoffs three times in 10 years.
They're not going to make the playoffs this year.
There are two chances none and much less than that.
They're not going to make how long do you think the public is going to continue to support that?
How long can we keep talking about young guys who are really putting on an effort
but aren't good enough to make the A grade?
That's for the kind of prices they're charging.
Forget about it.
That's not going to cut it.
Well, you got a good point there,
but, you know, I still root for the team.
I watched it.
Well, I'm not knocking that,
but I'm just saying it's pretty damn hard to stay interested.
It is.
And it's early yet.
So, yeah, interest may wait.
And don't forget most of the teams they've played so far
have been girls teams, including the Leafs.
And in closing, yes.
If I had one word to describe,
Jeb Bush would be condescending.
Yeah.
He just, he looks down as knows that everybody,
he just thums as knows that everything.
Well, when you're born with a golden spoon up your ass,
that's the way you look at other people.
In those little quotes that, you know,
you get on tape or he doesn't know the tape recorders in the room,
it just proves it.
Yeah.
Hang in there, pal.
Later.
Goldie's go.
Yeah, good old Jeb.
And like I said, just that,
just the tape recording alone,
just the events in that one meeting
that he thought would never get out,
never be made public,
that alone should disqualify him from endorsement
by the Harold or the Sun,
but any other responsible anybody,
anybody with an IQ larger than three.
But not in this state,
I'm not going to imply that anybody's getting paid off
or anything like that,
but there's something that really smells.
It's not just the toe cheese from Mo this morning.
Seriously, he was leaning so far over to that chair,
I thought he was going to fall into Goldie's lap.
Maybe that's what he's trying.
You know, he keeps leaning way out to the side.
So, seriously, you want to come in here early in the morning
and see the routine that goes on.
He is so terrified,
he might have to look at the window behind him
in there in the bullpen,
because he might actually see me or George,
but especially me.
Ooh, man.
And after I do wander in the building,
he makes sure that the Robert and the Wusses Zachan
are closed at door like Godzilla had just come in the building.
Shut that thing, there's that gay goofball.
I love you too, Mo.
It's a 1252.
I'm going to miss that one amount of hair for a month and a half.
I'm really going to miss bonding with Mo in the morning,
coming in there patting him on a purple piece.
That's not a bad one.
Purple piece to the tune of purple haze,
I like that, Brian.
Anyway, let me tell you, dry concepts will take the purple and the black
and the brown and the schmutz out of your carpets.
Unless that, of course, is the color of them, which I doubt.
At any rate, if you want your carpets look brand spanky new,
these are the people who can do it for you.
I've been using them in my house for over 20 years,
and during that period of time,
I have turned everybody I know on dry concepts.
Everybody in my family,
even little George,
everybody in the universe who's got even a little bit of a brain
calls dry concepts because they're the best.
Even Mo said, we could do a ghost.
You said to me, you know something?
They really are the best.
Very good, Mo.
It's about time you got something, right?
Anyway, you'll agree with me.
They give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job.
They dry clean your carpets with sucks out,
even the deepest dirt down there in the fibers of your carpets.
It makes them look just like brand new smell,
emity fresh,
and stay cleaner longer and last longer too.
And they also do an unbeatable job of all these other things.
Furniture cleaning, draper cleaning,
spot dyeing,
fiber protection, carpet repairs,
implant or reanl rug service for your precious oranl rugs,
the utilization complete water damage restoration too.
Check them out on the web if you like it,
dryconcepts.com,
but better yet give them a call because they'll never disappoint.
They'll do a stupendous unbeatable job.
Embroored call 9.5.4.
3.70.778.
9.5.4.370.778.
In date or Palm Beach call 1-800-248-5071.
I wonder what Tim means when he says he's tuning back in slowly.
Like you know, like for five minutes a day and then 10th,
maybe a half an hour tomorrow.
That's in date and Palm Beach 1-800-248-5071.
Clean today, entertain tonight with dry concept.
Why in local,
we're sports radio 560,
she way,
she way,
yeah.
Have a penis.
Back in the day when someone's on a strong,
we didn't take their crap.
In Pearl Harbor,
her windowed jammed to drop their bombs.
We bombed them back
and now the Saudis,
they hit us hard.
And on our cars are little flags waving.
As that Saudi love and recharge
points the bombers the wrong way.
Oi!
And oven barons to be in Americans
where they found locals like sheath.
The United States of arrogance
led by Bush and his family.
Revealing on this country.
But up,
gambling toys with our distaste and our history.
I don't want to be a tax America
in the goddamn USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives?
Stop living in the past.
If you want that SUV to drive,
you're gonna need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world.
They train us to believe.
And anyone who says that,
obviously,
ends up for to be.
Here,
and on the barracks to be in America
where we paint triadly.
Wave a flag in what hand with our hand in the sand
and blindly follow the powers that be apathetic.
Up, washing state produce on a 65 inch screen.
Scratcher balls and five, everything's okay.
In the goddamn USA.
Okay, let's wrap it up.
You all come back.
1258 at 560.
That's magnificent.
It's really great.
Gonna piss a lot of people off though.
That was Boca Brian, by the way.
Wow, it's just fun.
You know what I'm saying?
Just fun.
So Larry King got beat up by Hannity
in Sherlock Holmes last night.
How do you like that?
Of course, the show you learn when you get to be over the age
of 100 and you start snapping your suspenders on.
It's kind of like Mo on the radio.
Snapping those Viracos veins.
How do good idea?
Everybody under the age of 100 tunes out.
When did they tune out?
Don't be festered out.
You're done, Larry.
You're old meat.
Anyway, we got the mad dog coming up next.
I was gonna be the result of the pull,
but it's so pointless now.
We have 829 votes.
Man, should we sure struck an herb today, baby?
Yeah!
829 votes.
What's your take on guns in the US?
468 say don't have for the second amendment.
My guns god damn it.
I watch about 350 of those are fake.
It's too late.
Guns run a country 162.
That's the real, the legitimate number one answer.
Too many gun love in red next 96.
Only police should have guns 47.
No private citizen should have handguns 42.
And only police and hunters should have guns 13.
And just to show you how patriotic I'm feeling,
did you see Michael Moore on the last night?
No, of course not.
He would have had like another viewer.
Just to show how patriotic I'm going to Kim art right now.
Bye, bye, bye!
