Xingıyla
Hey Rosie, I'm not home. It must be you, Ruth.
For all of these years you've claimed to love time, crews.
Certainly you must realize we knew it.
Honestly, it's not that big a shock.
If you and Ricky Martin were to do it,
it'd be a crime.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Do you love the way that ends?
God, talk about the rough end.
Jesus, moment, maybe she just dropped a little blah, blah, blah.
946 and 560 W.D. Q.
I'm this will make you feel better about Florida.
It's not really as bad as we thought.
It's pretty bad.
Oh, today by the way is the deadline.
5PM, the staff known for county votes.
Bill McBride wins.
It's just that it's a done deal.
Unless they find a whole bunch more dead people in the next few hours.
But this was in Crescent City, California, this story.
An 85-year-old woman driving a 2001 Chevy Blazer,
allegedly struck a crowd of people gathered outside a church
Saturday, killing one injury and 16 others.
According to the California Highway Patrol,
Winona Reed, the termin of claim-ath,
was driving the Chevrolet alone in the parking lot of the assembly
of God Church on Douglas Street, around 11 AM.
And for unknown reasons, she reportedly accelerated
and struck four park vehicles.
She then allegedly continued into a crowd of people
gathered in the park and lot of her community function.
Bulley said, Kathy Brand, 46 of Crescent City,
was killed in the collision, and the driver
suffered major injuries.
No other names were available.
All the injured were taken to a Sutter Coast Hospital
for treatment.
After traveling through the crowd, the Blazer hit the church
and came to a stop.
According to Officer Don Boyd, the California Highway Patrol,
Reed termin was waiting at the church for some children.
It's not an unknown more relationship
than children are here.
How do you like that?
You just have a little bit of trouble
between the accelerator and the brake.
Braking accelerator.
That happens all the time in Florida.
All the time.
All the time.
She drove into the church.
Maybe she thought they had a drive-through.
Who now knows?
85.
Two-old-of-a-drive.
Don't be drive when you're 85, okay?
No more drive when you're 95.
What do you think?
Well, don't you think we ought to have a limit?
Except for my mother, of course.
Oh, yeah, of course.
And only then, when she has to come to my house
to take care of that pee-money-ass little dog,
only on those occasions, which he hasn't been in a long time, by the way.
I think we better crank that idea.
Probably around Christmas time again, you know?
Sounds good to me.
Get ready, Ma.
Okay.
Why not?
Can we have the limo pick her up and take her home?
Of course, then.
She wouldn't be able to go to public stuff like that.
I just, I can't envision her driving around by me, you know?
Why not?
Why not?
Are you familiar that stretch is sunrise out there,
like west of me, where it's a bit fast?
No, no, but I'm talking about the stretch
where there's no traffic light out in front of a best-by,
right?
And an amaco out there between a hundred-eighteenth
and the flamingo.
Yes, it's a little, a little challenging.
In fact, that hole between one-eighteenth and one-eighteenth
and one-eighteenth and one-eighteenth,
that eighteen block stretch is like a death wish.
And anybody that thinks that they're going to pull out there
under the sunrise, well, I just mentioned that in passing, okay, Ma?
Just leave a whole big bowl of food for the dog.
Cronies and arms, Paul Krugman, without standing calm today's New York Times again,
I think, Bob, for faxing it to me, but of course,
being on top of this crap, I had it right here in my hand
and a little bit better copy.
I'll tell you one thing, this fax is working sensation, you know what?
I got my extra toner cartridge sitting back there.
I got reams and reams of fax paper.
I got my whole little setup here.
It's great.
Nice going, Neil.
Thank you.
And I kind of like a do-it-yourself radio station,
which we're used to.
We got good training in that down there.
Paul Krugman writes,
Cronies and arms, listen carefully.
Put your ear right up to the radio.
Put it up to put your ear right on the speaker.
In February 2001, Enron presented an imposing facade,
but inside his new bedder,
they were desperately struggling to keep their Ponzi scheme going.
When one top executive learned of millions and further losses,
he emailed response,
or rather, his email response summed up the whole strategy,
close a bigger deal, hide the loss before the first quarter.
The strategy worked.
Enron collapsed, but not before insiders
made off with nearly a billion dollars.
The center of that blunt email sold 12 million dollars
and stocks just before they became worthless,
and now he's the secretary of the army.
Oh!
Dick Cheney vehemently dyes that talk of war just weeks before
the midterm elections has decided to divert attention
from other matters,
but in that case, he won't object if I put out
that the tide of corporate scandal is still rising
and lapping ever closer to his feet.
An article in yesterday's Wall Street Journal
confirmed that what some of us have long argued,
market manipulation by energy companies,
probably the same companies that wrote Mr. Cheney Cheney's energy plan,
though he's defied a court order to release task force records,
played a key role in California's electricity crisis,
and new evidence indicates that Mr. Cheney's hand-picked army secretary
was a corporate evil door.
Mr. Cheney supposedly chose Thomas White for his business expertise,
but when it became apparent that the Enron Division he ran was a money-loosing fraud,
the story changed.
We were told that Mr. White was an amiable guy who had no idea what was really going on,
that his colleagues referred to him behind his back as Mr. McGoo,
just the manner on the army in the two front Middle East and war, right?
But he was no McGoo.
Jason Leopold, a reporter writing a book about California's crisis,
has acquired Enron documents that show Mr. White fully aware of what his division was up to.
Mr. Leopold reported his findings in the online magazine,
a magazine salon, and has graciously shared his evidence with me.
It's quite damning.
The biggest of several deals that allowed Mr. White to hide the loss of the
senior contract to supply electricity and natural gas to the Indiana pharmaceutical company,
Eli Lilly, the anxious Eli Lilly.
But you remember years ago they were making the litamide?
Right.
Yes.
And killing a whole bunch of people before the FDA finally said,
oh, don't sell that stuff anymore.
Any future returns from the deal were purely hypothetical.
Indeed, the contract assumed they deregulated electricity market,
which didn't yet exist in Indiana.
Yet without delivering a single watt of power and having paid cash up front to Lilly,
not the other way around, Mr. White's division immediately booked a multi-million dollar profit.
Was this legal?
There are certain cases in which companies are allowed to use market accounting,
in which they count chickens before they're hatched.
But normally this requires the existence of a market in unhatched eggs
that is a forward market in which you can buy or sell today to promise to deliver goods at some
future date.
There were no forward markets in the services Enron promised to provide.
Extremely optimistic numbers were simply conjured up out of thin air,
then reported as if they were real current earnings.
And even if this was somehow legal, it was grossly unethical.
If outsiders had known Enron's true financial position where Mr. White sent that email,
the stock price would have plummeted.
By maintaining the illusion of success,
insiders like Mr. White were able to sell their stock at good prices to naive victims,
people like their own employees, or the Florida state workers whose pension fund invested
$300 million in run during the company's final months.
As Fortune's recent story on corporate scandal put it, you bought, they sold.
It was crony capitalism at its worst.
What kind of administration would keep Mr. White in office?
A story in last week's Times may shed light on that question,
and concerned another company that sold a division, then declared that its employees had
resigned allowing it to confiscate their pensions.
Yet this company did exactly the opposite when its former CEO resigned,
changing the terms of his contract so they could claim full retirement benefits.
The company took an eight and a half million dollar charge against earnings to reflect the cost
of its parting gift to this one individual.
Only the little people get shafted.
The other company is named Haliburton.
The object of its generosity was Dick Cheney.
Where it's called coming into the New York Times.
Just enough to make you gag your guts out, man, but we got a lot of stupid people out there.
A lot of dumb people are going to get sucked into this whole dog and pony show that's going on right now.
It's all a big smoke screen, and like we read in that one article,
it's all been a pre-ordained ahead of time.
Right.
And what that was, Jeb Bush doing it on that meeting with all those right wing assholes, you know what?
Speaking of Jeb Bush, we got a great column from the Palm Beach Post a little bit later.
About the governor and mental health care in the state of Florida and the DCF and all of these things.
Final voting results expected today.
Oh, well let's see.
The election was only a week ago tomorrow, right?
Right.
So by Florida standards, that's pretty good, right?
A new record.
Yeah, instead of like months and months like it dragged on or at least many, many weeks,
how long did that drag on?
About two months?
No, I don't think so.
And over a month, I thought it was like two.
Well, whatever the hell it was.
Yeah, you're right.
It was like toward the end of December, I think when they finally threw in the towel.
It said, okay, you stole it fair and square.
A week after election day, Miami-D County officials say their confident airy vote cast will be counted
and reported by the sacked anews five p.m. deadline for state certification.
Broward elections officials wrapped up their county yesterday and planned to present final results
today to Tallahassee.
However, they refused to comment about any detail of their process to recover votes.
And we'll get to Miriam Elephant in a minute.
Data officials say their method of checking the count was almost foolproof.
We've done everything with our power to make sure airy votes been counted in this election.
The Assistant's election supervisor, Jisela Salas said, not everyone was so sure.
Given what we saw last Tuesday, I don't think we'll ever be confident that every vote was counted.
It said, Nicole Harberger, spoke to them for Democratic gubernatorial candidate Janet Reno.
Her campaign indicated Reno will likely concede today to Bill McBride in the
primary if she doesn't get enough votes to overtake his late.
Is she going to get enough votes?
No.
No chance.
Hop in at red pick up Janet and have a great life.
It's also evident that since then, election supervisor David Leahy has made a good faith effort
to see that the votes are counted and date Harberger added.
The day after the election day, the officials determined the problem in getting an accurate vote
count was almost caused exclusively by poll workers failing to close down the machines properly
last Tuesday night, preventing their votes from being counted.
You know, those 150-year-old creatins?
I remember.
To close down a machine, a poll worker must insert a device called a master activator,
collect all the votes.
The process must be repeated in all the machines.
Aside from collecting votes, these activators, through information about which machines were
properly turned on and closed down by running every activator through a computerized reader,
data officials were able to get a precise list of machines that hadn't been closed down.
By the middle of the week, they'd identified 265 machines in which they needed to reharvest the votes.
To do so, they simply had to insert the activator into the machines.
They should have been done on election night.
I think some of those old poll workers inserted those activators in their
rectum, something.
Maybe they were hoping for some action.
They began the process immediately, hunkering down in a dilly-let warehouse in Medley.
But many machines were still at the polling stations, locating and delivering the machines
became the most time-consuming part of the vote for workers from the county
and election systems and software, the company that manufactured the I vote-tronic touch screen
machines.
The units did not contain serial numbers in the outer cases.
So workers had to open them up right to serial number down on a piece of masking tape
and a fix it to the outside.
By Monday night, last night, Salis and activators, like computer diss have been inserted
into most suspect units and the votes were being recovered without a hitch.
However, the department still had machines arrived from some polling places.
The results will be released after the county canvassing board,
certifies the election, Salis said, it's going to be over 5 p.m. today.
And Bill McBride will beat Jeb Bush in November.
Make no mistake about that.
Just remember you heard it here first.
Didn't they hear it here first?
Yes.
I did.
You're not.
129 votes on a poll.
Who do you believe regarding last Friday's fake terror threat?
Eunice Stone, the Georgia woman, the one that was eavesdropping.
I mean, listening in Shoney's restaurant and one that notified authorities.
He was doing her patriotic duty and keeping her eyes and ears open
under this orange alert.
You believe Eunice?
89 people.
68.9 people said, yes, we believe that bitch.
The three Muslim medical students, including that one, Shmata Head,
40 people believe them only 31%.
Less than a third.
You turn.
He's speaking of that now that the summer's over.
Time to get serious about losing some weight.
Get down to business, baby.
And start looking human and saving your life.
That's exactly what you're doing.
If you really will be like the beast,
was you're saving your life?
This man, this little roton tub of crap man,
was just a waddling,
a waddling living thing, a creature, not even a person.
He was 5'4 and weighed 284.
Now he's lost 54 pounds.
Oh!
And he's doing it.
And doing it religiously.
Obviously, otherwise he wouldn't be losing all that weight.
You can do the same.
And the reason he's sticking to it is because it's so easy.
They bring you a little black sack.
They give you a sheet to fill up for each day.
And you have two choices for each meal.
And then they bring you a little black sack.
They deliver to your door to your house.
You're a work where we want by 6 o'clock the next morning.
And in there, there's three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks.
Everything is fresh.
The best ingredients, all kind of really neat stuff.
Nothing frozen, nothing prefab in a stupid little box.
And like I said, the food is delicious.
So if you want to really lose the weight,
and of course they do all the figuring for you,
you don't have to count calories or carbs or anything else.
Just call the number for balance for life.
And you'll be losing it before you know it.
Call this number right now.
954-568-3229.
954-568-3229, and get on the really proven weight loss program.
It'll keep you healthy too.
954-568-3229, check them out of the web if you like it.
BalanceForLife.com.
Find and local here's sports video 560s.
You a-t-u-a-m.
Pridians, done as dirt.
Hey, this is Bubba.
You're president that actually got an elected.
This Bush-Chainy-Enron thing is pretty squirly.
Maybe we ought to drag Ken Star out of the closet
and put him back to work again.
Now I'm no singer, but I got so discusses that I wrote a little tune
about this situation.
Ken, my ya Chainy-Ed, their secret meetings for the energy policy
they were fixing.
Carbors wants to know who all's been cheating them boys or tightlimbs.
Just like Nexus.
When Ann Roblood, Georgie started a joke.
No fear to walk his pretzel down.
Good news of Co-Sit over my dead body.
Well, it almost came to pass.
If it's doggy, didn't wake up, he'd end up like Mama Kass.
Georgie hissed thing with Ken lay.
Bad bad.
Keep it strictly business.
And don't drag down the whole Republican party.
Did someone say party?
We're right in now that we need you.
Ken Star.
Don't be afraid.
Hey, you get that thing, Jacqueline.
Which Chainy-Ed and Ron Honeybodies.
This time, they went too far.
What a waste of a good score.
How much they get wine.
Cleveland lowers the moral bar.
Where are you now that we need you, Ken Star?
Hey, you got any insurance, you'll be.
You must have used to be the Ken prosecutor.
And thank you.
I'm a sales-in-foot-two-dirty lion.
Singing Jim's while he's jogging.
He's in peace.
He thought Phil, Ken, and I can.
Yeah.
49 bucks to eight years long.
To find out a little was new.
Yeah, baby, go for it.
We need your rights, it's ever now.
Ken, this Georgian corporate is giving us a screw in.
You got any Louis for K.Y.?
For long direction.
George, you corporate rated is giving us a screw in.
The Bush economy will take a inner-long direction.
Chainy didn't know about it.
I had no chronology.
Boys didn't know about it.
I didn't know those people do it.
Ascrow didn't know about it.
Herbert statue.
Phil, Ram didn't know about it.
What are the screws?
Hey, Ken, why didn't you know about it?
Hey, I know about taking a baby cash
in all their in-ron stocks.
Just before the story broke.
Meanwhile, all their faithful employees
saw their retirements go up in snow.
Think you can all be rich.
He'll restore dignity to the overwarners.
She said, I'll be rich.
But if we send Ralph Nader to check this month,
you can call me rich.
Or our daughter is dancing on a dirty website.
You can call me rich.
These folks should be rounded up in green cursory.
I won't get in peace.
Will I, Mr. Chainy?
Shut up, Jerry.
The in-ron con game was quite upbeat.
You got the whole crooked groove.
Second off of that teach.
The Phil Rams take me in.
He'll pass Mrs. Dutty.
And Ron workers getting screwed with no kisses.
Linbaugh says.
They're dumb to lose their loot.
Instead of going dead, if he better be with me.
And Anne Rondolden boy blew off his head.
Please, that's what the authority said.
You've got the people walking to say
they're starting to ponder their fate.
You got a hip-chainy's hard puppet.
Forty way.
My heart is fine.
Our energy policy has never been compromised.
Where are we?
Now that we need you, can't stop.
If any boy shouldn't go, just fifth dimension rights.
We're chainy's and non-money buddies.
This time, they went too far.
What is Anne Rond?
Anyone?
Back when they get whining about.
We've learned the moral part.
Well, now that we need you, can't stop.
Mr. Reagan, I've always wanted to measure up to you.
Georgie, here grown up.
And well, yours is nearly as big as mine.
You're deficit, that is.
Debt.
Anybody seen my Game Boy or PlayStation?
Those Koreans called me a moral lecher.
I was thought I was a tiger.
10.5 and 5.60 W.D. Q.I.M.
I mean, God forbid we should have a special prosecutor
to investigate where only us and the fact
that people lost their life savings
and all those billions of dollars disappeared.
We don't want a special prosecutor for that.
But blow jobs in the oral office.
Where you got to check that out.
Big time, baby.
Well, once in legal, and the other one's just immoral.
I see.
And which is which?
151 votes on a poll.
Who do you believe, regarding last Friday's fake terror threat
on alligator alley, baby, where we had a guy
named Little Arrota, Rooda Robot out there?
Yeah, I like that robot.
That was cute.
Eunice Stone, not as cute as Dr. Phil's kid.
Now he's all right.
He's about like 20-ish, early 20-21-21-21 college student type.
You know, it wants to be a lawyer.
Actually, when he wants to just like to replace daddy
on his TV show, like next week, he's all right.
I like that, Dr. Phil.
He's got his head on straight.
Eunice Stone, the Georgia woman,
they believe her 104 people, 68.28 percent, almost 70 percent.
Oh!
Overwhelming.
2 thirds plus.
The three Muslim medical students,
the one who had the schmattoon,
they said, let it look like a doily, 47-31.1 percent.
And to see them come, you know,
making the rounds and all the shows
and acting indignant and their parents
and all the relatives,
give me a break, okay?
You pulled a nasty idiotic stupid prank.
There's nothing funny about what happened in last 9-11.
And we got our eyes out for any potential trouble makers, okay?
We're doing just exactly what we've been told.
We're good obedient foot soldiers, okay?
We're under orange alert.
If we hear anybody looks at us cross-eyed,
especially if they were in questionable headgear,
like a doily on her head,
we're gonna say, aha!
Scumbag.
So next time, shut up.
If you think that's good advice,
sure, shut up.
I don't think they'll be doing that again soon.
Speaking of people messing up,
Mayor Penga Pakenius says,
a lot of heads will roll if no-vebra election is messed up.
He's getting really butch.
And then we got the Miriam Elephant story coming.
You don't think that the fact that she's black
has got any reason why she's still in there?
No.
On a visit to the medley warehouse,
where workers are examining the county's voting machines,
Mayor Penga Pakenius said yesterday
that top officials will lose their jobs
if the election doesn't run smoothly in November.
If elections don't go off the way they shouldn't
November, a lot of heads will roll Penga Pakenius said.
He declined to specify whose jobs were most in jeopardy,
but assistant supervisor Velluchin's Gisela Salaseta
would likely include herself and her boss,
supervisor Velluchin's David Leahy.
Sources close to the mayor have said,
Steve Shiver's job as county manager might also become a casualty
to the election.
Still Penga Pakenius insisted he was personally taking responsibility
for problems that left Oatsom counted from as many as
265 touch screen units.
He probably said, touch this.
I didn't come here to give any excuses.
He said, I took responsibility from day one
and I'm not passing the buck to anybody,
including what's his name?
Juan Medieta.
What do you laugh at about?
You could have passed it to Juan.
Canela said many of the machines may have been improperly shut down
because no one actually used them in the polling places,
but neither he nor Salas specified how many of those machines
might be in that situation.
Everything is still like, you know, double-talk, vague,
and nebulous and non-specific.
Election officials said they selected 265 machines for recount
after looking at precincts that show lower than 10% turnout or more than 100%.
Yeah, I'd be a little suspect if there was a precinct when more
than a heart percent of the registered voter showed up.
After a brief news conference, election officials traveled back from their new
makeshift headquarters in Medley to County Hall.
Yesterday afternoon, the discuss revamped poll worker training plans
for the general election with the county manager's office.
Leahy has previously said her release and plan of action by this Friday.
The mayor said he also expects the county's inspector general
to present a report on last week's chaotic balloting this Friday.
Almost two dozen investigators are looking into it.
And then in their spare time, maybe they can check out the in-run
and all the other corporate scandals.
Just maybe if they have some spare time, but we doubt it.
So Mayor Pingapicania is busting up a little bit.
He says I take responsibility, but some serious ass is going to roll
if we do this again in November.
Speaking of that, a group of Broward County political inciders
has begun taking charge of running the November election
and is drawing a plans to reform election supervisor
Miriam Elephant's office and hold a county-wide dry run before the vote.
The leader of the group has discovered Broward's election's problems are far deeper
than the chaos that surrounded last Tuesday's vote.
Elephant has overspend a person L budget by some half a million dollars
according to county officials and no one solely in charge of human resources.
She's got nobody into town. That's where it goes.
Governor Ja Bush has given his blessing to the group even though it doesn't exactly mirror what
he proposed when he ordered Dayton Broward County's to fix the election systems.
Bush has support coupled with his power to remove Elephant if he wants.
Means you'll have little choice but to accept the sweeping changes being considered.
In other words, he's being swept into the back.
You know, kind of like Duff.
She's still there, but she's like a figurehead now.
It wouldn't act cute when he said he was going to follow clearance down the hall
when he goes to talk to SCUAN about the coffee.
Wouldn't that cute?
Okay.
No, he's going to say,
Hey SCUAN, you're just news of that.
I have to correct you by the way.
I understand he's getting the corner office over here with the window.
You know one that was supposed to be the production room
and actually was for a little while until they cleared all the equipment out of it.
Duff.
Yeah.
The good office, the bigger one with the window.
A vehicle.
Right.
The view of KFC.
So what does that mean?
Just he's not going to be in the little dirty office anymore.
The person who was in that office before when we first came there when we first came up on the third floor,
he didn't do anything.
He was a figurehead.
But anyway, the point I was making which I thought it was a cute story is that
clearance is down there in SCUAN's office.
Neil is starting up about that coffee and behind him is Duff saying,
Yeah.
No, he's not saying anything.
He's just giving like finger signals to SCUAN like, you know,
better get with it, bitch.
Stuff like that.
But SCUAN still is a little young.
He's got a little bit of a credibility problem.
He doesn't have that clout.
He doesn't have that macho image that Duff has where he can come in there and like, you know,
push people around a little bit.
In fact, maybe his buddy from the record company will come in this afternoon and the two of them
will go around and building and really push it up.
We don't have any time to waste, but I think we'll be able to pull this off.
So our Kennedy atop a US representative, LC Hastings,
and Henry the 28-member election task force.
Our problem was training organization that's going to change.
Elephant and her spokesman Rick Riley couldn't be reached for comment.
Yesterday.
How do you like that?
No wonder.
The election is screwed up.
I love this show.
Yeah.
Rick Riley is, uh, I wonder what he was doing Wednesday morning.
Now what my pants?
Uh-huh.
I don't blame you.
Kennedy's group will begin work today.
His only seven weeks to get to county ready for the November election when voters choose
the governor representatives in Congress, the state legislature, county commission,
school board, and the eyes of the world, not just Florida, not just the US media.
The eyes of the world will be focused on Florida to see if we can do one goddamn election
right in November or if we continue having the same grotesque, uh,
incompetence.
If we continue having poll workers who are over the age of 500 who make
mothus will look like a freaking teenager.
Everybody's going to be watching, okay?
Do we really care?
No.
No, we're used to it.
We like the embarrassment.
You can't shame us because we're beyond that.
Speaking of votes, we got 169 on our pollneararchers.com.
How's the old Eunice doing?
She's doing pretty good.
Who do you believe regarding last Friday's fake terror threat?
And there's no like a need for a hampitous and choices on here.
It's strictly a one of the other.
It's he said, they said.
She said them.
It said.
Eunice stole the Georgia women.
115 people believe Eunice, 68%.
The three Marsal medical students, 54,
a little under 32%.
Not even close is it.
No.
In fact, I'll tell you something that's not even close to a real piece of copy.
This piece of swirl I have in my hand right now about new balance.
Our good friends at New Balance,
which I'm wearing these great walk-and-shoes from New Balance.
This is my second pair of these.
The black walk-and-shoes with the Velcro straps.
Yes, for those of us who are lazy and don't like laces and stuff.
These are so damn comfortable that you don't even realize you have shoes on your feet.
But they give you tremendous support.
And I've been walking all over the goddamn world all over Amsterdam and Europe
and all over here in Toronto.
And don't fall on my ass and my feet are doing great,
as a matter of fact, now that I mention it, you know?
So if you want to get yourself some great walking shoes,
that's let it choose for whatever you're going to be doing,
head for New Balance.
Don't schlep to any place else.
That's what Pete let me do.
You know what I'd like to see Pete let me do?
Shlip right in the door and just keep on going.
Anyway, if you want to get fitted up perfect,
New Balance guarantees that they always do it.
They've got your size and whatever style you like in stock.
And of course if they do have to special order for you,
they'll do it in an extra charge in the very rare occurrence
that they might not have what you want right in stock.
So make a run of New Balance to South Florida.
They've got three locations for you.
They're in the Evans Room,
they're in Pinecrash and the Boca Town Center in prestigious Boca.
And you know who lives in Boca?
Who?
That Jets guy.
If your feet could thank you, they would for taking them to New Balance.
This is 4356 Way in Way in.
We are the Banana Republic baby, only in Miami.
In theaters now from the director of Waking Up in Reno,
Hill Clinton's tires in Waking Up with Janet Reno.
We actually did it about an hour ago.
Is there a problem?
It is a serious problem.
I have asked Janet Reno to look at it.
Am I missing something here?
She wanted to bend over backwards and we're not proved.
Our travel is like a show here is put us behind schedule.
Waking up with Janet Reno.
Darling and Roy make sleep together.
They'll make it even.
It's like a leader trade in.
She hugged me and said, Mr. President,
I believe that we should do it.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
What a thought.
1017 at 560.
I mean, today's the day finally, finally,
just a week after the, what did I say before I thought
today was Monday?
I can't keep track of the days anymore.
It was a week ago today was election day.
They did.
Anyway, we got the Mad Dog at Chulas this afternoon.
We got Hank.
Now look at that.
Hank from 3 to 630 because there's another Marlon game
but he's got Patrick's or Tainon 5 to 6.
So that takes an hour out.
So let's see.
So I started 2.5 hour show today.
Nice to meet you.
Like I told you, we're working less
and we want more money.
That's the way to do it.
Little lesson for all you punks out there.
Marlon's on deck 630.
Another incredibly meaningless game.
And boy, what a match up this is.
The Marlon's and these spows at 705.
There'll be a lot of spows and spows in that game.
And then we got 8K after baseball.
Now, what does that say on there?
Look at the schedule.
Look.
It's a good thing that Duff came back.
You know what?
It says Marlon's versus X-Pose 705 to 1030.
Midnight to 2 at Campan and Joe and Mark overnight.
So what's going on between 1030 and Midnight, I wonder?
Terrific.
Oh, I sure hope not.
In other words, we're going to,
I guess we're going to do transmitter maintenance tonight.
Listeners choice.
We're just hoping that the poll is going.
What would you like to have on?
And speaking of listeners choice,
I'm just beginning to realize now that I know that it's Tuesday
that we have to make a decision now.
Because tomorrow's Wednesday.
Remember what I said last Wednesday?
No.
Because last Wednesday was 9.
11.
Boy, how soon they forget.
I was probably that fever went to your head.
Right.
Plus all that you've been having.
We played the bits for two hours from 1 to 1.
That's right.
That's right.
The last two hours.
I said, hey, this is so enjoyable and so good.
We had such a phenomenal response on our website that day too, I think.
Yeah.
Why not just do two hours of bits?
11 and 1 to be wins.
They make a regular feature.
What do you, you're for?
Yeah.
I don't know.
I'm jik-a.
Tom jik-a-mo like that.
Because then I won't be reading all of these informative articles between 11 and 1.
And I won't be carving about, you know, the South Florida situation.
Thank goodness I'm not talking about what's happening down there like the voting scam and all of that stuff.
Oh, and you'll be pleased that I was speaking a little, Tommy.
He's got 75 articles in the paper day.
If you want to send them a website and click columns, you'll see tons got 142 columns
just in today's edition.
So I don't want to say that I embarrassed him.
And it's starting to get his little ass in gear and writing some.
It's all crap.
But now, at least it's something with his name on it.
Nice going, Tom.
In fact, probably I alerted the powers that be at Sunsend.
You know, the fact that he wasn't writing anything, except that stupid,
two and anything every Sunday in the TV book,
which he makes up the questions anyway.
He wasn't writing anything.
And then of course, as a substitute for an article, it was the cooking show schedule.
Well, we don't need some bald head of geek to pay, you know,
put the cooking show schedule.
Even they could do that.
They could copy it out of the herald book.
There's that damn pigeon again.
All in wait to hear this.
Boy, there are more problems in this family, you know.
These goody-two shoes, these good Christians, who are supposedly so much better than the rest of us.
Neil Bush, remember him?
Yeah, of course.
From the Silverado, the SNL banking scandal.
Yes, indeed.
Neil Bush, brother of President Bush, and Florida Governor,
Jeb Bush, has filed for divorce from his wife after 20 years of marriage.
The divorce petition filed August 26 in Houston,
sites discord or conflict of personalities,
as the reason for the split the Houston Chronicle says.
Bush 46 and wife Sharon Meriden, July 1980,
and separated in July this year,
according to the suit which was filed on the couple's initials,
NMB versus SLB.
Induspute is custody of the two of the three of their children,
including a 13-year-old daughter and a 16-year-old son, a petition,
said.
Daughter Lauren, an 18-year-old fashion model, was not mentioned.
Bush lives in Houston as do his parents, former President George Bush and wife Barbara.
Neither he nor his attorney, Richard Flowers, were immediately available for comment.
Neil Bush, 46, was banned from being involved with any savings in loan company,
after a company of which he was director was investigated by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation in 1988.
He was one of 12 defendants who agreed in 1991 to pay $49.5 million in a settlement.
The Bush family suffered another setback this week when police in Orlando said,
Noel Bush, daughter of Jeb Bush, was under investigation for cocaine possession
while attending a drug treatment center.
The travel 25-year-old was arrested in January.
We're trying to buy the anti-anxiety drug Xanax with a false prescription in order to
enter a treatment program.
Last night, George McGovern was on with the Connie Chink for a little while.
Did you remember the fact that his daughter died from alcohol?
No, I don't.
They found her dead in a snow bank.
I see an alcohol problem.
And they were trying to compare, of course, George being a very nice guy.
I like George McGovern. He's very kind of like Milly Mow.
And Connie was making a comparison.
And of course, they were both going on about how we feel for Jeb Bush and his family
and how tragic it is.
It can happen in a family.
But there's a difference there.
See, George McGovern wasn't a right-wing fanatic born again Christian,
who was moralizing to everybody else and telling them how they were so superior to every
all the rest of us.
Finger pointing good news.
Right. Finger pointing hypocritical assholes who have this dysfunctional family,
where it seems that every one of the members of their family,
directly or indirectly, has got some kind of a substance problem or a counting problem
or some goddamn thing.
You know what?
And now, Noel Bush has got a divorce problem.
God damn it.
Speaking of a guy that's got a problem, although his problem, they see there's good news and bad news in this,
so Westafield story.
The jury decided yesterday that David Westafield should die for killing seven-year-old
neighbor Daniel Van Dam.
The little girl who vanished from her bedroom in the first of the string of high-profile
child abductions across the country this year.
Westafield, a 50-year-old engineer, shook slightly and blanked rapidly as the verdict was read,
but showed no other reaction.
He faced either executioner life in prison without parole for killing Daniel in February.
The bottom line of this is, unfortunately, he's not going to get executed,
because they had a piece on the news last night about the fact that California only
legalized the death penalty in 77, which is why Manson's still alive.
And there were 700 or close to 700 people waiting online to be executed.
And then the appeals take an average of about 10 to 15 years of peace.
So by the time they would get to him, he'd long since died of natural causes,
because he's already 50, right?
So he's not going to get the needle.
Superior court judge William Mudd can impose the death penalty only if the jury unanimously
recommends it. And he also has the option of reducing the sentence to life without parole.
Westafield was also convicted of possessing child pornography.
The same jurors who convicted Westafield told Mudd earlier Monday that they were deadlocked.
Defensive attorney said, softoportray, that offended as a family man,
who is contributed to society through his patent and design work and devices used in medicine
in other fields. Well, see, that's something to take into consideration, isn't it?
Sure. For about five seconds.
Westafield had no prior felony record plate in active role in the lives of his children and close
friends, defense attorney Stephen Feldman said, he's a good man, but for one three day weekend of terror,
he said, he's a good man, but you know, he had little laughs.
Prosecutor Jeff Dusek, noted Westafield's two X-Wive did not testify in his behalf
and ridiculed the notion that the engineer deserved special consideration for his work.
Westafield lived two doors away from the Van Dam family in the upper middle class suburb.
The girl sold in Girl Scout cookies days before her abduction. Daniel was last seen on February
the 1st when her father put to the bed in the second story bedroom, decorating in her favorite
colors, pink and purple. Now, why did they put that in this story? I don't know. This is from
the Associated Press. I mean, what difference does it make with the colors,
where everybody is that supposed to like elicit more tears for us is if this story is not ready
grotesque enough? Her new body was found nearly a month after later alongside her road outside the
city to decompose the determinative cause of death or whether she'd been sexually assaulted.
This man is getting a punishment much too good for him. You know what?
Gee, I know I say let's go back to the Old Testament. Let's stone him to death is what I say.
What do you say? Huh? Any volunteers want to help me on this? I bet you we'd have people
lined up from there to Okachobies, from there to Goddamn Duval County, from there to Goddamn Savannah,
Jojo. Maybe to Calhoun County, Jojo, we can stop and see how Eunice is doing. Don't you think?
Let's go. I mean, this business of well, you know, I mean, what are we going to mean business
in his Goddamn society? And this spate that we got him, all these grotesque, well, you know,
he's sick, well good and let's get rid of him. Then at least we know he won't do it again.
Just like John Walsh's, at least we know Ted Bundy isn't going to kill any more girls now.
In fact, I got a story here a little bit later on. Did you see that four people got out of jail
by mistake in Washington in DC yesterday? No, I did not. Yeah. By mistake, oops, sorry.
Just like Ted Bundy slipped out of there twice. Twice he escaped from jail. Once he had made the hole
in the ceiling and got out and the other time they were interrogating him in the front room and they
took a little hiatus for a little conversation. He opened up the window and hopped out. Remember that?
Yep. That was either like, where the hell was that? A new tar somewhere?
Somewhere. Colorado, one of those. So the girls that he killed in Florida would all still be alive
if they, if they meant business, if they took care of business, but they don't.
Okay, I say John Walsh for president. You know, I like him. Right. He'll get things done.
You don't like him? I do like him. I was defending him. Remember when we were living with him?
I think you like him. Like, what was I ripping him for? I don't know for exploiting his son's death and making a living out of him.
Oh, that was a, that was a hundred years ago. Right. Well, then that was a long time ago.
It was. That's before we realized he was one of the good guys. He is a hard ass.
He is a hard ass and that's what we like. We want hard ass. We want hard asses when it comes to justice.
Instead of worrying about Bill Clinton getting blow jobs, like I said, the fact that these other
crooks, the same crooks that are running your government right now, these bastards have
have the fraud of the public out of billions and trillions of dollars. And well, you know, we didn't know
nothing about it. Right. He wouldn't have thought of what I'm with Donahue. He was trying to explain
that the, like the operation tips people were trying to, to suck him into supporting that and
trying to refer calls of that. And he, like 500 times, he said, we do not have anything to do with
operation tips. We do not handle calls for operation tips. We have nothing to do with them.
Right. So I like him a lot. In fact, when he told Larry, and then we'll do it that I like that a lot.
John Walls for president, baby. I'm writing his name in 1027 at 560 QM. Let me tell you about
another man. That's right. Jeff Cohen and for vice president. Sounds like a good idea. Sure,
be a better choice than Jew Lieberman because this Jew knows his food man and this Jew doesn't
hear him worry about all that religious crap. He just got his ponytail going. His painted fingernails
and those pencil thin anal vibrators and he's ready to rock and roll.
Pizza loft is going strong and Davy University drive between Griffin and 595.
Kitty corner the great new Armour De La Caffe and right behind the pierwin imports.
And of course they got it all three different kinds of fantastic pizza. They got every kind of
pasta dish ever invented. All your Italian favorites, chicken dishes and veal and super subs
and calzones and lots more. Big, big portions. Everything is cooked up fresh to your order and
the prices are still as tiny as ever. So you can afford to take the whole gang in there over and
over again. Leave a big tip though. It'll make up for the rumors. And don't forget the brand new
pizza loft is coming in plantation any day now. What's it at today? The 17th? Yes. I've
actually liked before the next two weeks about the brand new pizza loft will be open right kitty
corner behind Walgreens. They're unsunerized but about corner knob hill in plantation with the same
great food and the same low prices. So get ready for fantastic feast anytime you're in the mood
lunch dinner late night snack at the world flaming pizza loft. My and local this is 4256.
We've kept America fed for decades. Now the company that brought you toaster's
food already baked brownies and our world famous crescent rolls joins the fight against terror
introducing the Pillsbury Let's Roll. Nothing says bite meals on my new pop and fresh Let's Roll.
Try Pillsbury's new Let's Roll. When you turn up the heat they rise up just like the USA.
Pillsbury's Let's Roll. An important part of any nutritious in flight meal 1032 at 560 WTQ
I'm 203 votes on a pool already. Who do you believe regarding last Friday's fake terrorist
hysteria on alligator rally? Who do you believe it's got to be one of the other either them or her?
It's her against them them against her. Those poor misunderstood the being prejudiced against
Muslim medical students who just want to be good doctors and help us you know and save American
lives not to destroy them. You know stone the Georgia woman 135 people 66.5% is of almost exactly
two thirds just and the three Muslim medical students 68 which is you turn the other third.
This story which is unfolding today police Nabil Edge Pura killer during Pakistan raid
and Al-Qaeda militant arrested with the alleged 911 organizer Ramzi Bin Al-Shib has been identified
as one of the killers of Austria journal correspondent Daniel Pura a senior police official said today
the identification was made by a Pakistani help but not charge in the kidnapped slang of the
newspaper South Asian correspondent according to the official spoke of course on the condition
of anonymity according to the official by the Pakistani Fazal Karim no relation to Karim
Abdul Javar Fazil Karim was taken to the intelligence agency Safe House where did you see the
pictures they were showing how they were slumping him with a blindfold? No it was beautiful. He was
taken to the Safe House were 10 suspects including Bin Al-Shib are being held most of them were Yemenis
officials have said how do you like that those Yemenites huh the official refused to identify
Pearl Zalaz killer by name but said he was not among the five people including Bin Al-Shib who
were handed over to the West Authority yesterday in Florida the country so if you see three Yemenites
draven on alligator alley if true Karim statement will be the first evidence that Al-Qaeda may have
been involved in Pearl's abduction and killing Pearl was kidnapped in January while investigating
links between Pakistani militants and Richard C. Reed who was arrested in December on a flight
from Paris to Miami with explosive in his shoes and you can be sure he didn't buy those shoes
had new balancer brandies Pearl's dismembered body was found in May in a shallow grave in Karachi
police officials have said they were led to the grave by Karim and two others it was unclear
what impact the revelation will have on the government's case against four Pakistani militants
who were convicted of Pearl's abduction in July British born Ahmed Omar Said Sheikh was sentenced
by hanging others received life sentences all have appealed appeal my ass okay
Pearl's body was found after the trial of the fort already begun the government's never charged
Karim or the two others or officially confirmed that they're being held however police officials
speaking on the condition of anonymity told the associated press last month that the three men
gave them detailed accounts of Pearl's days in captivity they said a group of Arabs believed to be
Yemenis cut Pearl's throat three days after he tried to escape group believed to be Yemenis you
follow him i follow huh so one place to stay away from would be that's my suggestion i mean yeah
if you want to go there have a good time you want to go to israel right on a school bus go ahead
have a good time the things at age one hundred this is one you just fact me which i find appalling but
so typical for Florida baby at age one hundred oh creak driver has no problem getting license
renewed depending on their perspective drivers who encounter israel hymowitz on the road could
give my hearty thumbs up or a wide birth hymowitz just got his driver's license renewed at the
age of one hundred he's good to go for another six years he's good to go but it isn't exactly life
in the fast lane i'm a good and safe driver the cook at a creek man said my car is a public
car i go there and i go home or i go to the doctor and i go home and that's it the moustache
old hymowitz wears eyeglasses and walks with the cane city attracted no notice when he
reached newt his license just before his September fifth birthday they weren't interested in my age
he said just that i have a clean record and paid my fee just give me the money thank you and that's it
we don't care if you're five hundred years old we don't care if you're deaf and dumb and blind
and can't walk or move we don't give a crap if you can find some way to give us the cash we'll take
it go and drive home and have a good time and don't kill too many people on the way absolutely
thank you
look at that in dramatic contrast to the federal government's opposition to marijuana
today is the day for the park away it's anacruz city hall
outside city hall in Santa Cruz, California this is because federal agents recently confiscated
a marijuana patch that was reserved for you by those with doctors approval
he and St. Buckley has more on the controversy over so-called medical marijuana
let him have it guys oh my god
the early morning raid left the users of the marijuana seized by federal agents seen in
this surveillance video in shock and enraged
I'm crying at a federal level
the marijuana users do it legally according to California law the cannabis was doctor recommended
local police were included in planning to assure them that the operation was in fact for medical
purposes still on September 5th federal agents without notifying local authorities
descended on this cooperative in the Santa Cruz mountains and removed 167 marijuana plants
and they arrested the founders of the co-op Mike and Valerie Keral
it's hard for me to understand the reasoning behind
actions that my government would take against sick and dying people
supporters of medical marijuana say the raid here was just the latest in a series of more
aggressive federal government actions taken against medical marijuana growers since the Bush
administration took office a charge the DEA denies we have a responsibility and a duty to enforce
the marijuana drug laws along with other the other laws but it has no more
as a matter of fact you know over our order of priorities it is not at the top of our
rise the raid wrankled marijuana supporters into organizing a demonstration that will take place
at Santa Cruz City Hall where medical users of marijuana will receive their doses in public
alright they may be taking their case to the steps of city hall but they're not trying to
convince the city leaders of their position in fact many of the city's top officials will be at
the demonstration in support of the users of medically prescribed marijuana mayor Christopher
Crohn says he and others will appear to help uphold the will of voters well the people is
medical marijuana to those who qualify we were hoping for no grouse have yet to be charged
but federal officials will have up to five years to decide what to do in a sense hasn't the
government won by stopping you from growing here no um i there's a warrant drugs so to use the
analogies of war they may have won this battle but the war is not over and we will continue to fight
in the hills and on the streets of Santa Cruz frank buckley cnn Santa Cruz california thank you frank
how do you like that little update there on its serve and talking about today's today so
and it's only 7 30 in the morning out there be right back you can be out there by noon
it's a 10 40 something like that it's it's around a 24 lo and you ever take we got 227 votes on a
poll on the arriders dot com what is the soprano stuff here to rally the sopranos that you have
a need to notice yeah we we noticed 227 votes unistone they believe regarding last friday's fake
terror threat on alligator alley unistone to georgiawam 149 65.6% the three marzal medical students 78 34.3
percent they seem to make a little bit of comeback there you notice a little bit a little bit
just a little bit just a wee little tiny one okay not as big as that schmacht of the one
where's on the side of the doily and that you're right that's exactly I mean if you're going to
wear some fancy head gear at least wear one that looks good okay that's a nice that's you know me
if it door I remember those fancy armors I used to have on whammy on my awful aboard of sure the
one with the propeller on it right at least that one I like the guy who started to break georgiaw
whatever that guy's name is I can't think of his name baker or whatever his name is okay
candlestick maker hey you want a chance to win a free bear from the vermontetting bear company
just sign up to be a pre-fruer member and that's free too find out more by calling 1802909 bear
or visiting their website at vermontettingbear.com if you're looking for a fun different gift for
somebody's birthday new baby you just want to wish somebody well sending a bear gram gift is a
swell idea just call 1802909 bear and a bear council will help you choose from over a hundred hand
crafted bears personalized just for your loved one and delivered in the colorful gift box with a
card and candy it's a creative alternative to flowers it'll be enjoyed forever because unlike flowers
which are dead no matter of hours vermontetting bears are guaranteed for life you can choose from
bears like the new baby bear with a baby's name and birth date embroidered on the bib where
somebody well with a good wishes fairy bear oh my god maybe somebody will send me a fairy bear
they've got bears for hobbies and occupations too like the gardening bear and the cooking bear
or the business man and women bears overnight and Saturday deliveries guaranteed so call today
1802909 bear or shop online at vermontettingbear.com show you care send a bear the creative alternative
to flowers call 1802909 bear and be sure and tell them that old Neil Tony the call
criminalized pot in Florida
can
buy
by the world
iguous
Oh
Let's go
Oh
Okay
Okay
Roll
Oh
Nina Burley writes on the Tom Pain dot com on that website which has got some good stuff out of all the time by the way
Yes, it does Tom Pain dot com and sense
Why aren't US journalists reporting from Iraq?
She'd be asking Nina Burley has written for the Washington Post as Chicago Tribune in New York magazine as a reporter for time
She was among the first American journalist to enter Iraq after the Gulf War
She says this week we're finally getting the court skews from the Bush administration for attacking Iraq right now
Vice President Dick Chane in interview with CNN's John King on Sunday laid it out nice and simple the way they like it back in Wyoming
We have to worry about possible the possible marriage if you will of a rogue state like Sodom who sends Iraq with a terrorist organization like al-Qaeda
This notion that the Iraqi leader is in Kahut for the Osama will be easy to feed the American people to the American people one bad
Airbus the same as the next and Osama equal Sodom people are wonder about the Bush war urgency only need to think about this
There's a blind spot that needs to be exploited now before too many journalists get the idea to go inside Iraq and find out what's really happening
As long as the Condi rice is Dick Chane these now their hawks are talking to journalists with no experience inside Iraq
They won't get a raised eyebrow about this notion that the secular dictator is in bed with the jihadis
Even though there have been reported reprinted reports by the Washington Post writers in the international hero tribune that the CIA has found absolutely no link between the Iraqi dictator and al-Qaeda
Why aren't more American journalists reporting from Baghdad? Admittedly it Iraq is a difficult place to cover
First there are the logistical problems you can't get a visa very easily and just can't fly into Baghdad
You have to spend 14 hours sitting in a car driving across the barren crust of earth that covers all those billions of barrels of oil that Chane and company are really interested in
Once inside Baghdad you recite a minder a sometimes very creepy member of the Iraqi government apparatus was going to eavesdrop on everything you say and terrify any average person you happen to meet
Thus the reporting from Baghdad is usually very slight
Tom Brokaw back in April and trepidly got himself inside Baghdad he reported from an open market and as so many reporters have done other past 10 years
To say it looked like the Iraqis had ample food supplies
This visual essay is conferred you and claims but it's an easy one to make look there are some piles of food and there are some people cut back to New York
Prim reporters with more time and columnages aren't doing much better Larry Kaplow Cox Washington bureau got inside this summer
Here's what he reported Iraqis is deprived as they are but still get ice cream
Kaplow stood in line with average Iraqis lined up outside a stand in the steaming summer heat
Buying their pathetic cones of frozen ice drizzled with deglo sweetener
See these Iraqis still have a sweet tooth after the sanctions and that was that
The best of American reporters don't seem to give a hoot about getting inside the country and looking around
Take the latest from ABC news producer Chris Viestos Viestos spent months in an unnamed Middle East and country working his sources to get an interview for Claire Shipman with alleged mistress of Sodoms
Just so we can learn this week that the freak uses Viagra and likes to watch torture videos of his enemies
I've been to Iraq three times since the Gulf War and oh it's not easy to get inside of your real interviews but it can be done
American peace activists are going every month walking the streets freely
Anyone who spends a little time in Baghdad knows there's one thing they dwindling beaten down middle class of that country fears more than the hideous regime of Sodom Hussein and Islamic uprising
The Iraqi sent millions of young men to their deaths in the 1980s fighting exactly the kind of fundamentalist Islamic mentality that we so dread now
As much as they hate their dictator Iraqis hate the Islamist even more as a Sunni Muslim soda Sodom as in the 1980s this creepy strong man is standing between the Iraqis and the Jihad
This observation isn't difficult to come by all it takes is a little time and little guts
Any journalist who spends a few weeks on the ground in Baghdad will start to hear this talk
People women especially who've got more rights in Iraq than any other Arab country are terrified of the Jihadis in Iraq even more than they're terrified of their dictator
with this creepy big brother picture stirring at them from every crack and crevice of their wasted will to the country
The trouble is the journalist with a guts and means to go and cut the country aren't doing their job
Maybe they'll all try to get visas when the bombing starts and report from the Rashid hotel at the point when forming Americans will mean snagging footage of dead civilians
Instead of asking Cheney why he isn't more worried about Nuson Pakistan where the Jihadis are actually in the army and intelligence
rights Nina Burley and Tom Payne.com
Don't confuse the public with a truth baby because the truth is very confusing and aggravating and just get everybody whipped up into a frenzy
Let's roll baby. Let's get the pills very doughboy out. Let's roll. What do you say you ready? I'm ready. I'll write. I'm rolling one now
Pervert oh look at this a new piece of copy. Can you believe that? Oh my god. I may have a fart attack. Don't get it right here. It's destroyed. Oh
That's from Troy. Well no wonder it's from our buddy Troy. Troy's the boy man. We're not about
We're talking about our buddy Troy strapper. He demand. Oh
But you know something what did you look at this copy not really?
Schmutz oh
I see do you think that Troy wrote about Schmutz see we have a new copy person and that's PD Lenny you're not full of me PD
Quit writing a copy. Okay. You idiot. Go out and sell something sell a good account for once in your life
Which I doubt I don't think you'll ever do that sell something good sell something we can be proud of
What a lunatic
Schmutz slipping in Schmutz. Maybe he's gonna be slipping Schmutz
Yo-Semite killer Kerry Stainer found St. Jerry decision means he's eligible for the death penalty
But this is another problem see we got all these people eligible for the death penalty
But they're not gonna get executed convicted. Yo-Semite killer Kerry Stainer was saying when he murdered three park tourists in
1999 a jury said yesterday clearing the way for jurors to consider sensing him to death
Jurors took less than four hours to reject the defense claim the former motel handyman was crazy
And unable to understand what he was doing or to know that it was wrong to murder the three or semi national park tourist if he had been found insane
He would have automatically been sentenced to life
The same jurors convicted Stainer last month of murdering Carol son 42 or daughter Julie 15 of Urika and their Argentine friends
Sylvina Palasso 16 while they were staying at the lodge where he worked outside the park
Jurors will now begin the penalty phase of the case against stainer 41 and will wait whether to send him to death
Or to life in prison. No, he already serving a life sentence for another 1999 slaying that of park nature guide Joey Armstrong
He pleaded guilty in that case and a deal that spared him from a possible death sentence
How do you like that? I don't let me say it again
Stone him to death and the same with what's his name whether whether with their whatever's name is
David what else's name was to field rest or field sorry. I was taking more like Chesterfield
before your time though
Where they would they may contest the field like
Little island full of gay romance they wear gay sandals and they wear tight pants
On drens top to bottom every day
West with a miracle of being gay the very best of packets in the USA
Giving big big pleasure and a big big way
Yeah, a very best of packets in the USA giving big big pleasure and a big big way
Join the big swish to Chesterfield Queen you choice of the fags of America
Still out of my favorites. Oh, it's great isn't a great. I haven't played that in a coons aid
So I'm glad that I was inspired there by West or field in Chesterfield see it's a good thing that I couldn't remember his name
See a one thing kind of like leads one other
Man convicted of kidnapping honor student given life in prison
Omaha well, that's one of my favorite cities. Oh, mom. Maybe I'll go back there someday just to eat steak a
Man convicted of kidnapping a teenage girl and taking her on a six day 900 mile
Honestly was sentenced to life in prison yesterday
I'll just go there to eat steak and sit around and look at the pretty Midwestern people those corn fed
You know I'm talking about I know what you're talking about those women with a large
Supple breasts
And firm tight asses not those big sloppy asses like you see in South Florida on those Cuban women
And it was hot young guys with their firm
Well, whatever Anthony wrote 31 was convicted in June of kidnapping a 17-year-old girl outside of shopping
Montero home in Kerni in April 2001 the high school honor student was freed when right surrendered six days later in Montana
Right who also went by the name Tony Zappa?
You think he was kind of frank maybe he moved the Montana to raise up a crop of dental floss. I see
Right who also went by the name Tony Zappa was given an additional seven years for using a firearm to commit a violent crime
I think they ought to give me moon Zappa myself
He became eligible for a life sentence after a jury concluded with a saying sexually assaulted the girl
Even though he wasn't charged with that crime. I can't count on age in town to rehabilitate Mr
Zappa judge Warren you born said in handing down the sentence the victim testified that the trial that she was bound with duct tape and
Chains and repeatedly raped lovely
Zyna America baby
259 votes on our poll today. This is one of the most important polls you'll ever participate in you believe that no
But it's you know, I mean this is one you got to have an opinion on
Unless you've been living in some kind of a cocoon unless you've been adopting that ostrich like stance with your head
Very deep in the Florida sand for the last several days because it just happened over the weekend to happen on Friday morning
As we all sat here crap in our pants on other terrible and then of course
There's Paul speculating about turkey point nuclear facility and also about
Then they come on with that thing about the Delta plane that was diverted which had absolutely nothing to do with what was happening on the alley or any other goddamn crap
CNN stands for certainly not news no no chance crap
An embarrassment and by the way, it's nice to see the way they're rubber stamping everything. It's going on now
Yes lovely good job
262 votes on a poll who do you believe in regarding last Friday's fake terror alert on the alley
Unistone at Georgia woman 64 and a half percent 169 the three Muslim medical students those wonderful young men who just want to want to save lives and do their thing
93.35.4
Know that the Lord even loves neo-roger
Hello, Neale the ins Greg and do forgive me for being so
Forward in allowing myself to call you but I just had to ask it
Can I please fire George? No look at you have no idea that
Put salt Peter in Moe's wig the any slashing tires on my
True
Meeting with his
I'm no
Oh
For
Mr
I compare
Bring
I like best, red flags for most of the stars
Story, I dream of Ricky Williams in a dress
Reading acquisition, me and Moe were insistent
George must go, my hands on the fishin'
Cause I can't get my way
An oblition that could fire George to die
Position great old, we like play greats for olds
Like to get me in the throne
Back when my wife had pregnant like practice contraceptive or contraceptive
Boy down to my balls
It's been brought to my attention that it wasn't my erection and discovered that it wasn't me at all
Was that consideration, was that nice?
To discover that Greg Reed knocked up my wife
Reading acquisition, drives my hate
I'm less your snippin' sport or change the slip position
When sport or spread their legs
Wessum?
And the sweaty jacks put on my hate rig
How is George's joke today?
He talked about wit and like he does every day
Greg hate you, he talked about wit and what are they?
Well they're not as exciting as sportful things
Reading acquisition, sport at home
Where they can guess in most brown holes
Can't get permission to make George go away
So I step by being in Gucci shoes
And make the nights that they refuse
When least let me suspend him
For a day
Love it all three at five, six, do you Greg did what?
What did it say in there?
I didn't hear a thing
Oh I didn't hear
Now you never actually did get suspended at all, did you?
Not yet
And you want to know why?
Why is that?
Because Mo did the right thing, he backed off
He did the right thing
I just wanted to remind you that
Next time you see him in the hall
I'll call him again
Thanks for doing the right thing Mo
Thank you
Okay, now remember I mentioned about the DCGL
They let the foreign mates out by mistake
I said it was like in one day
Can I correct that?
Okay
You'll feel better about it
It was during a six day period last month
Oh
Then that make you feel better?
Much
As opposed to just opening up the doors
And letting a whole bunch of people out
The DCGL erroneous
They released foreign mates during a six day period last month
Among them a student from Pakistan
Who threatened to kill President Bush a week after 9-11 terrorist attacks
And who should have been delivered to federal authorities
For a deportation proceeding
Gail official side of the records office
Which is blamed in the mistake and release of at least 9 inmates this year
Including the latest four
The unit continues to grapple with errors despite a recent
350,000 dollar overall that included new computers
Training for its two dozen employees in the drafting of a
950 page manual on how to handle records
You got to handle your records carefully they get scratched
The latest incidents occurred several weeks after DC superior court judge
Rufus G. King the Turret
His name is Rufus
Okay, throw it that
Well, it used to be Dufus in the change it was kind of embarrassing
Sighting an increase in erroneous releases personally intervene
And instructed all parties involved in the handling of inmates in their files
To address what he called an unacceptable situation
These incidents occurred several weeks after he'd be instructed them on that
Gail official side of preliminary review indicates that three of the erroneous releases appeared to have been
The results of mistakes made by workers in the records or office and that the fourth may have been the result of an error committed by an employee in the receiving and discharge unit
When in doubt, squirt squirt is charged some out
Two of the four inmates who were mistakenly discharged between August 19th and 25th
After and themselves in including Cushul Khan 32 author of a threatening email to bush on September 19th last year
One others been apprehended and the fourth remains at large
Khan attended George Washington University on a student visa and was two courses away from a master's degree from the school of engineering
Khan, whose student visa had been revoked because of an authorized rabble of Pakistan pleaded guilty to sending bush to email with a heading I will kill you
According to an affidavit by a secret service agent, Khan wrote, if I'm forced to go home I'll swear to God I will try to blow your place up
He also admitted forwarding the email to first lady Laura Bush
Vice President Cheney and his wife Lynn the affidavit said it doesn't say if the Cheney's gay daughter got the copy
Several days after his release in late August, Khan contacted the US Immigration and Naturalization Service arranged to surrender
The INS had filed two detainers with an ECJL one after his arrest last September another one last month to ensure that Khan was held after he completed his sentence
He was released over weekend in spend these two nights at Union Station because he initially had no ID and was unable to get a hotel room because of that said one of his attorneys
After talking with him on the phone and meeting with him in my office I put Mr. Khan in contact with the agent handling his INS case and then he decided when to call her
The other three inmates included a 43 year old man serving six months in the domestic violence case who was free for eight days before being picked up by the authorities on August 27
Another in May 26 year old woman held on I warrant for violating the terms of a release after drug conviction in federal court was released on August 24 and remains at large
King and N if you said the new cases are further examples of the seriousness of the problem that I'm trying to remedy and obviously doing a hell of a job
Nice going there King my sir, lovely you be doing it man
Speaking of somebody who's doing it governor Bush and the drug we have clinics. Yeah, this article is written by Jack Wilder Versteeg
Well, sounds like a Dutchman to me, you know it?
Ah, not I you know say ah when we're talking about it. What are you crazy?
Dutch say I'll still leave. I'll say ah, I'll deliver you crazy
You start messing around with Dutch people and call them German man. They'll be they'll beat the snout out of you.
No, they don't like that. Do they know they do not they take great umberge with that and great glee in the fact that they still
Oh, they have all I've gold that they heisted from the Germans at the end of the war governor Bush and the drug rehab clinics by Jack Wilder Versteeg in the Palm Beach post today on the op-ed page
After no well Bush was accused last week of having crack cocaine governor Bush said this is a private issue as it relates to my daughter
Myself and my wife his political life and his private life the governor insisted on intersect
Governor Bush himself has brought up his daughter released twice in public once this spring at a telehassy drug summit and once last month while they
Can't painted a pennacostle church both times governor Bush and supporters to pray for in a well who's 25 and both times governor Bush cried
It will be foolish for anyone who has a son or daughter not safely into those 30 something years to start thinking that he or she is a superior parent to
Jevin Colombo Bush addictions are complex and powerful good parents can have troubled kids the intersection between the governor's public and private lives is not that his daughter's
Plight proves anything about him as a parent rather no well Bush and her parents in their private capacity have been left down by a system that governor Bush and his
Official capacity has also let down specifically governor Bush has not kept his four-year-old pledge to fix the Florida Department of Children and Families which overseas are
Ranges of services and clinics including the one in Orange County that's providing treatment to no well Bush
DCF has been more concerned with covering its own but then with looking after the children and families supposedly in the state's care governor Bush and his political life has been engaged in a similar duck and cover
When top DCF officials learned in May 5th that five-year-old William Wilson is the missing for a year without anybody noticing they waited six days before notifying police they wanted to handle it in house
Governor Bush meanwhile raised his own smoke screens of pointing a panel of cronies to investigate it was no surprise when they backed DCF leadership a conclusion exposed
As foolish when the governor appointed Bush family loyalist Jerry Ruggier to replace Kathleen Coney is the agency secretary the latest cover your ass attempt by a state support institution involves no well Bush she's being treated for substance abuse at the center for drug free living in Orlando
A judge center there is an alternative to prosecution after she was arrested in Tallahassee in January and charged with fraudulently obtaining the prescription drugs and acts
The treatment facility is not part of DCF but it is licensed by DCF and apparently shared that agency's tendency towards self protection
Last week a center resident tipped police that the staff had found crack cocaine in Ms. Bush's shoe
Police investigated and one employee was providing a written statement but a supervisor told the worker to stop cooperating and the employee tore up her statement
Police then said they couldn't charge Ms. Bush because center employees wouldn't cooperate the police officer said a center official told them it was standard
Standard operating procedure to handle types of situations in house like this
Possessing any amount of cocaine is a felony inflow to there is no in-house exemption
The orange osteoval state attorney's office has subpoenaed for the workers the herald is reported that the police report raised questions whether officials at the center for
Grunk free living may have given the well Bush special treatment but this is in the case of no well Bush getting special treatment
It's the case of the agency which provides services in part with public dollars trying to give itself special treatment
Ms. Bush is at the center precisely because she needs special treatment it's not unusual for an addict to have lapses before treatment succeeds
The big question isn't whether Ms. Bush had cracked even though it could result in another felony charge the question is how she got it and whether the center for drug free living or its employees are at fault
On Friday a judge delayed reviewing the well Bush's case because center employees won't cooperate she could be sent to jail as she was briefly in July when caught with unauthorized prescription drugs
She could also be bounced from the program and faced the original charge and tell antsy and the other potential charge in Orlando
Dropping her from the program wouldn't help as a father and as a governor however Mr. Bush should be holding the DCF and the clinics with which the agency is allied accountable
Sequancy helps bureaucrats and politicians not drug treatment clients good article fire Dutch friend Jack Wilder vershtig in the Palm Beach Post today
How do you say yes? How much? I beg your pardon?
What do you say yes and Dutch? Yeah, yeah
Really? Yeah, they weren't just making that up? No, I was not
Nay is no oh yeah, yeah, or how about Jess?
289 votes on our poll who do you believe regarding last Friday's debacle?
The fake terror threat on alligator rally
Eunice Ston, a Georgia woman, the eavesdropper, the lady who was doing her civic duty
183 63.3% the three Muslim political medical students 106 30 or 6.6%
How come those numbers start changing like in their favor now do you have any other?
Have to raise one eyebrow about that have to look a skew and a scance at that. Remember governor a skew? Yes, I did ribbon
Oh, that sounds good. You know what a nice Rubin? Oh, yeah, it doesn't it from the pickle barrel?
Mmm 12 minutes after 11 at 560 WQM macro shopping is a total waste of time I keep yelling it I can't like I put up a billboard tell you what's wrong with some of you people out there that don't get the message
I mean why would you want to go sluppin' around get ripped off and not mind of getting what you want in the first place and play pot luck with your health in your back when you can get you the best mattress in the world an unbeatable everyday low price from our friends in Tyler mattress by making one easy phone call that's it
1 800 mattress and may TT R E S
You'll be immediately if not sooner connected to a betting expert who really knows their crap and they'll hook you up with exactly the kind of mattress you want and the name brand that you love the most and they only carry the top brands in the world
They've got Serta, Seely, Simmons, King Coral all the top makers in the universe and when you call dial amactors you pick the day in the to our wonderful delivery any day seven days a week when it's convenient for you when you're going to be around instead of sitting on your can all day praying and hoping that somebody eventually might cheer up and they also give you that unbeatable 30 day home comfort guarantee so you can test your mattress the smart way by sleepin' and rollin' and doing stuff on it
So pick up the phone and call them right now they'll be there in no time at all and you and your back will have a big smile on its pussy
You ever have a smile on your back?
Uh, maybe enlivenly stick. Call 1 800 mattress toll free 1 800 MATT R E S or check them out on the web if you like at mattress.com
By the way Troy.
I want to bang in the butt honey.
You have stayed your perfect reputation
But you're still small, all shackled out in the transport bus
Mother I feel full of your insider information
Has landed here inside the tubes
Mother your screw
Soon the handcuffs are torn your hands as they take you away
And you're all alone at the thick of it since you have this love every one around you
Lady girl, take a look around you
Take a look around yourself
Great brick should back well
With light like foe for me and floating candles
We deserve
Mother I feel that you lost your joy and foe for ratio
Now that it's gone we won't get tips on
Frading the lawn
Somehow I don't think Troy, the other Troy, Troy Stratford Roach, Mutz and another piece of copy
Speaking of this Troy by the way if he, if I was reading the stuff I put on the ear here as fast as he was reading that spot that copy
Nobody to understand I mean I read pretty fast
Let's play it again I was out there
I mean tap tap tap tap tap tap
It was unbelievable
In fact we're just a second there I thought he was repreasing one of the bits that we play if I can find it
Yeah like that
Man lunatic
Just like that
High school, oh there's no munkin around with a story like this and this is another one
Is this ever going to stop or what?
No
I pulled this off the fax machine back there and I can't believe it again
Pemberton, New Jersey a 15 year old high school football player collapsed and died of an apparent asthma attack during what coaches described as a light non-contact practice yesterday afternoon
Dominic
He died
I heard it the first time
I couldn't believe you did that
Well they can't hear the show from there
Yeah but our audience can you insensitive little spick?
Dominic Johnson is sophomore at Pemberton High School made his varsity football debut two days earlier as a tailback carrying the ball five times for 15 yards
Although school was closed yesterday the team held an napkin practice and held him a four-middle school
A half hour after the end of the practice Johnson complained of tightness in his chest his asthma inhaler didn't help when his condition worsened the trainer tried cardio pulmonary resuscitation
The board was taken by ambulance to a virtual Memorial Hospital Burlington County in Mount Holly where he died about 345 yesterday afternoon
The entire school district is shaken school spokesman Tom Bauer told the Burlington County Times of Willingborough for two days additions from administrators to the school board all the way down to the students were all badly shaken
He said and it was George who dropped that he died the drop in there in a very very inappropriate just
Grotesque exactly
Unacceptable
307 votes now what's it 63 and after 36 and a half they believe the the broad that Yahoo from Georgia
I mean that's your choice either believe her that she really overheard this conversation and they were like making these what she thought were threats or you believe then that they never said a word about 9-11 and that this woman was just a bigot
She just profiled them because the one had a schmatt on his head which I find to be fair I mean even the worst cracker from Georgia
I just can't imagine them imbelishing a story quite that elaborate can you?
No, but nevertheless we got 36 and a half percent of this audience who believes it or so they say anyway I think they're just trying to bust my balls
Investigation identifies 360 in church accused of abuse Cleveland investigators have identified 360 people in the city's
A Roman Catholic diocese accused of sex abuse about a hundred of whom are priests the plain dealer the Cleveland plain dealer says today
I just I want to read that again
Investigator said identified 360 people in the city's a Roman Catholic diocese accused of sex abuse about a hundred of whom are priests
The Kyle Hogan County prosecutors office this week will finish a five month investigation in the child sexual abuse in the diocese
Prosecutor William Mason described the investigation as unprecedented in its scope and magnitude
He said investigators interviewed more than 700 people claiming sexual abuse some incidents under reviewed they'd back more than 50 years
Preachs, nuns, layteachers we know why they call them that administrators custodians and school-aged students and parents have been accused of abuse Mason said
It'll be a few weeks before prosecutors know how many cases passed evidentiary rules and statute limitations restrictions required for presentation with grand jury be saying
The time restraints were bringing charges against alleged abuses have been exceeded in almost all of the cases but he expected some indictments will be issued he said in
Dijkman our first priority. Oh, did you see that Jesse Jackson speaking of Michigan states the other day I saw it I flexed it to you I buy it through it out
Oh, and you want to know what what the arena was almost empty there were like a smattering of people in there that yeah that's the good news
Even Bob Novak who I had to agree with for once in my life last night on Crossfire which is a horrible show even Bob Novak said that there was almost nobody there
Oh, and then and then Paul Begalla feels compelled to say oh Jesse Jackson's got a lot of really good things for people to write
The only good thing you do was like go away go away Jesse don't go away mad just go away. No come back
Our first priority with to protect the children who are in the schools now knows he'll come in the future Mason told a plane dealer to accomplish this we need to take the child abuses out of commission if they still exist
Since April four assistant prosecutors working full time and 25 others working part time have shifted for more than 37,000 pages of diocesan documents the plane dealer could not reach the diocesan officials for comment their mom
Here's more and add pot stuff in California and Santa Cruz which we had an excellent piece from CNN earlier in case you missed it that was a good piece
Yes, it was and you saw the old lady token up. I think she had crack in that pipe
She had to crack
Susanne fell understands why federal agents burst in just after dawn with guns drawn in handcuffed her that's routine in drug busts
What she can understand is why agents kept ordering her to stand up after they saw her crutches and leg braces next to the bed
She was just like what's your name's mother on passions what's your name the one who thinks she's gonna get Louise? I don't know I can't pick her name
That's what her blood pressure spiked and she felt chest pains of the agents refused to call an ambulance as file 42 Susanne file fell whatever it is disabled by polio that she can't forgive totally unprofessional
She says they were brutalizing us
Outrage over September 5th rated a medical marijuana cooperative in the coastal hills north of here festers beyond the terminally old patients who used marijuana in the east
Pain which California law allows the rate is the latest press the most controversial collision of federal law and the nation's growing medical marijuana movement in this fascist
God damn freaking country baby then all you people are so willing to take your tax dollars and go fight some ungodly war and some ungodly place so that the oil can get sucked up by the
Teenian busher buddies. That's what it's all about
Like I said before if it's really if it's really regime change see one minute
It's not regime change woman and it's all weapons of mass destruction that when that isn't going over too good because there's really no evidence
Forget about that for your we ever said that it's regime change
And if you can't knock him off or less than two hundred billion dollars then let somebody else in there who can
Can you believe that? Yeah, I believe it of course these are the same people who can't find Osama Yamama and can't find Mula Bula Omar
And the brick claim to famous we find the six are the scumbags in Lackawana in New York
Or you should have seen yesterday one of the Buffalo channels about two fifteen they break into the programming breathlessly and there's governor
Protacky not that he was grandstanding or using this for political purpose you understand. Did the governor have anything to do whatsoever
Would it capture those six scumbags? No, no, and there's the mayor of Lackawana did he have anything to do with it at all? No, no.
And they're both the grandstanding for the public and in the meantime come to find out because 5% of Lackawana is Muslim
Okay and come to find out that it was mostly tips from people who lived there from other Muslims who
Who read it on their random these assholes out they've been watching them for a long time. So nice going on you Buffalo you Lackawana Muslim.
Oh, in fact, it's got to be the new football team forget the Buffalo bills. It's the Lackawana Muslims. They can get the fact boy to play for him.
California Attorney General Bill Lockyer condemned the bus is a waste of law enforcement resources a cool step against a group that
Present slight danger to the public and a slap at the state's voters the Santa Cruz County Sheriff whose deputies have worked closely with co-op managers to ensure that the operation is law-biting said he was disappointed by the raid.
Today the Santa Cruz City Council is permitting the co-op to end out marijuana publicly to its patients at City Hall. It's just absolutely loads them to me that federal monarchy and money energy and
Staff time would be used to harass people like this said Emily Riley Santa Cruz's vice mayor especially at a time like this when we're under orange alert.
Well, I guess when this happened we're only under a pus alert was now what it was. Yeah, it was puse. It was sure true.
And it was puse and it's enough to turn my stomach loose. I'll tell you that right now. That's what Claire Boothluse would tell you if she could but she's dead.
Freaking fascist goddamn government. I'll tell you one thing that John Ascroft, Heinrich Himmler, had nothing on him.
Hermon Gearing had nothing on this crowd. 26 after a lot of time you're mind me a little of a small a shorter Hermon Gearing.
Todd Drek. Have you ever noticed? He is that he has that when I was a big fat guy. It has a Napoleonic complex. He walks around with his hand in his thing and his heart.
Maybe he's just saying a bunch of legends. Hey, you're going to be writing some copy for us Todd because you're a piece of Drek. You're living up to your name. You suck. You blow. You bite. You make me ill. You are the most useless excuse for a human being that ever walked the face of the earth. Okay. That ever crawled around. You're like slime. You're like an oozing amoeba.
Is there such a thing as an oozing amoeba? Well, I also does any other kind. Well, if there wasn't he'd be the one. Let me tell you how you become a high paid computer professional.
You're sure as I don't talk call Todd Drek because he won't give you any meaningful information. I'll give you his double talk and hop on your scale to get a free weight job.
Anyway, if you want to get a really good school and hope you become a computer professional star making some really good bucks, call our good friends at fast train. They're nice people. They love me. They love this show. I guess they get pretty good results from the show.
But how how they stay with us? I have no idea because Todd Drek is so derelict in his duty and refuses adamantly in a militant way to do anything to help these people.
He was even even if he wrote it on a piece of toilet paper, which he did wife is asked with by the way no matter what he did.
It will be an improvement over the pathetic excuse for a job he's done for our close personal friends at fast train where you can complete your program and get certified just for short months.
And they have four convenient locations in Dayton, Broward, including the new ones in Pembert Pines and Owl in Kendall.
So if you want to learn your stuff, if you want to become a computer professional, if you want to get out of your dead-ed job, if you want to walk up to Todd Drek and slap him right in a little push, don't forget where there's no sense. There's no feeling.
Call our friends at fast train tool free 1-866 fast train. That's 1-866 fast train or check them out of the web if you like at fast train dot freaking calm.
Why in local, we're sports radio 560s, UA-U-A-M.
I wouldn't believe a word Neil said if his tongue was notarized.
Woo! Hiya, how are you?
I'm sorry, I'm glad I didn't see you in there.
Don't look okay, I'm making a nice close the door, will you?
I can't. Don't go looking in the door. I spread my leg when I slap.
My cheeks are touching the floor. Don't want nobody to see me like that.
I'm reading the paper in the handicapped store. Please don't come in.
Beasts and galdy, Mark and Joe, who had time to be my leader.
Hey, come on!
I'm Reagan, more angry.
That's the story.
Man, you're kidding. I am. I am.
I can't close the door. Cause I can't be.
Don't go looking in the door. I'm dropping toys in the well.
Please don't turn around. Try to ignore them.
I'm not going to do stuff.
I'm in here making with my pants on the floor.
Next to my chin.
Finally done.
I'm in here for a broke.
I'm in here for a broke.
I can't get up.
I'm not there.
I'm not there.
I'm not there.
What's going to help me?
I'm not there.
I'm not there.
See you, pal. He got a command performance this morning and told me he had turned red in the face.
When I had something, if we had to put him over the edge, I would have felt really bad about that.
Why is that? He wanted a command performance and I think he deserved it.
We have had 39 votes on a pool.
I'm staring to suspect this pool a little bit.
You know what I'm saying?
I know.
Because it was over 70% we believe that nice all-American lady who was doing her patriotic duty.
She was doing her duty.
It was like fat boy on him.
I'm sure a lot more sanitaryly and could close the door.
Although she was pretty hefty too, not in his category.
She was kind of a pork or two, you know what I'm saying?
Yes.
And you want to know why?
Why?
Because she's American.
Oh.
Eunice Stoll and the Georgia woman who overheard these alleged scumbags allegedly plotting or at least allegedly faking a plot.
To 18, 64.3% for Eunice.
The three Muslim medical students, fine young men who just want to save Americans from all these diseases and death.
121, 35.6%.
Heavy duty total.
Well, being Alshim is described as a very big fish.
You know what that reminds me of?
No.
Which one of those bits is where he says a very big fish and a little small pond?
Five or one of those?
Fire.
Is that what it is?
Oh, I played that yesterday.
We don't want to play that again today.
We're going to see.
Maybe you never know.
You never know.
We got the mad dog at Shul as it won a clock.
Hank Goldberg in the studio, 3 to 630 with Patrick Sertain.
Are you sure?
We're Sertain.
Five to 6 this afternoon.
Another one of those.
Here's a jack guy on there for it for an hour.
Marlins on decades, 630.
Marlins in the spoils at 705, followed by 8K.
And the duty boys Joe and Mark overnight.
And then of course, if you missed Joe and Mark, you can hear like the last hour of their show repeated between 6 and 630 in the morning.
Can you believe he's got Dan La Bastille on tomorrow?
Wasn't bad enough that he had all the chronic colors on today, including Joe.
Oh, man.
I've Joe Costello, but Joe the chronic color and Mark the Jets fan.
And who else did we get to start?
Richie from Boris Ed.
Oh, my God.
Remember that the story we had yesterday about the shootings in New York, right?
A former FBI agent who was an executive at the Fraud Unit of Empire Blue Cross and Blue Shield.
And what did I speculate?
Didn't I say it looked like a lover's triangle?
Yes, you said that.
A former FBI agent who was an executive at the Fraud Unit of Empire Blue Cross and Blue Shield.
Called two co-workers and it was off his yesterday morning.
Shot them to death and then killed himself.
Forces told the A&P.
The apparent shooter identified as a Blue Cross by his president was formerly an agent at the FBI in Jersey.
A federal law enforcement source speaking on condition of anonymity of course told the AP.
A spokeswoman for the FBI in Jersey, special agent Sandra Carroll said,
I'm looking into it.
I haven't had a chance to confirm anything.
Police commissioner Raymond Kelly confirmed that the dead, a man in his 50's and a man and woman in their 30's all worked at the Fraud Unit.
A Blue Cross.
The name of the... well, I'm sure this story is old.
Why screwed up on this? This is like from last night.
Kelly said all three victims were found in the older man's corner office.
Two semiotic pistols were found on the floor along with numerous shells.
Two police sources told the AP that murder's suicide was the leading theory,
what said the motive was unknown.
And this is not the right story.
I must have downloaded the wrong story.
I want to know why because the story I had said it was a love triangle.
How do you like that?
Maybe like in the Daily News.
And this is from the Daily News, only in early edition.
God dang.
Well, there you go.
There's one for New York.
Screwed up.
It was a love triangle, just like I said.
Brevard officer faces charge and prostitution's sting.
An 11-year veteran of the Brevard County Sheriff's Office has been charged with soliciting a prostitute
after he offered an undercover deputy 20 bucks for oral sex police said.
Sergeant Lee, 20 bucks, that's pretty cheap, isn't it?
I got that.
You got 20 bucks for a given head?
Oh, forgiving?
Boy, you are.
You still a little under the weather.
The Loses bring you some more good drugs.
Sergeant Oshina said that.
Sergeant Lee, Ellie, at 60, was among 17 people arrested early Sunday during an undercover prostitution sting in Cape Canaveral Police said.
The undercover operation was conducted by Brevard Sheriff's deputies.
It's a shock, spokesman, Joan Heller said.
Ellie was released early yesterday and $500 bail from the Brevard County Detention Center and suspended from police duty.
He faces a maximum of 60 days in jail of convicted of paying 20 bucks for oral sex.
60 days in jail, can you believe that?
It's a little fishy.
Sheriff later accepted a letter of retirement from Ellie.
They spoke to him from the Sheriff's Office said the Florida Retirement System in Tallahassee will determine whether he'll collect retirement funds or not.
Yeah, let's string him up, okay?
He got a blowjob.
Woo!
Speak out of that.
I better do the break.
But the next story from CBSNews.com, America would be relieved to hear that prime time TV is straighter.
All right.
Don't you feel better now more like you're, especially after that comment you made about giving blowjobs.
20 to 11 at 560 WQAN.
This is the last time I'm going to hold.
In fact, you know what I should have done with that fast train copy and this one.
I should have turned him both up after I finished with him.
Wouldn't it have been a good idea?
Well, you're like a little message out there to Skippy or Scott or whatever it is.
Punk's name is you come into the station.
You have absolutely no clue what the hell.
Who's on first or what's going on?
It would seem to me that if I'm on your position and I inherit all of these fine accounts from Brian Schmutz.
Who did a wonderful job selling this show, although a marginal job would copy because it's not the QMF in a way.
But if I would have inherited all these good accounts and was getting the commissions on it for doing basically nothing,
I would be bending over backward to make sure that I did something positive.
Not a service, the account I talked with the people.
I wrote some new copy. I gave some fresh ideas.
I did to make sure that the people would stay on a year.
So I'd continue collecting that nice commission check.
You follow what I'm saying?
What are you saying?
But obviously he fell under the spell of the rest of the QM sales department other than Troy Stratford,
who's our only good guy.
And they told him, ah, don't pay any attention to that fat baggett.
You just keep fumbling his way along.
You just keep taking a commission, man.
We're all going to PD Lenny.
He'll write some spot about Schmutz.
Sluppen and Schmutz.
Sluppen Schmutz.
If I have one more copy with one more Yiddish word and it's so helping God, I'm going to hire a hitman for PD Lenny.
I'm telling you that right now.
Take it to the bank.
All right.
One more piece of copy.
Like I need somebody to put Yiddish words in the freaking copy.
Hey, PD.
Capsa hoi sweetheart.
And unhappy young Kippertoyah, they laid.
I'll tell you about Oliomid right now.
It's a soft shell capsule.
You just pop it right in your ugly pus.
And inside that capsule, all kinds of good things for you.
Pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and herbals.
And Oliomid has concocted a different thing, a different capsule to help different parts of your body.
They've got one for your prostate, one specifically designed to help your heart, your blood pressure, and your cholesterol,
one for your circulatory system, for your digestive and endocrine system, your skin and bones,
even your mind, all using the benefits of the purist, the finest, the most sensational olive oil that anybody has ever found.
And Oliomid's got products for men and women as well.
It's available all over town.
More and more people are popping it now.
And the Oliomid too.
Fix them up today at Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Navarro Pharmacy and Sedanos.
If you want more information, you've got to know that toll free number right now.
In fact, it's probably on your rest room wall.
Call Oliomid today at 1-866-Oliomid.
That's 1-866-Oliomid.
Or check them out on the web if you like it.
OliomidAmerica.com.
My, and local, this is 43560.
You weigh it in weigh, yeah.
Press what?
I'm telling you.
Chuck.
Hit the button.
Press it again. Chuck. Hit it again.
Like you mean it.
Bang it.
Smack it.
It's...
It's fucking...
It's frozen.
It froze out.
Act shaving.
Stke cracked shaving.
Gaputs will do it all.
Yep.
The basket just hates my hairy ass.
If you could do something about that, we both do really.
We just spend over and think.
Moooooo!
For me!
Gaputs.
How gating you wanna look today?
It's 11.45 at 5.60 WQ and Primetime TV is straighter. Let's hear it. So says CBS news.com.
Primetime television is getting straighter this year with far fewer gay by sexual and transgender
characters showing up on the false schedule that appeared last season.
Oh right. A gay activist who'd be saying yesterday. The number of lesbian gay by sexual
and transgender LGBT characters in lead supporting or recurring rules on our TV has dropped
from 20 last year to just 7 this coming season, according to an analization by the gay
lesbian lines against defamation. Now we got quotas. And of course now that Rosie went
off here. Meanwhile the total number of shows featuring LGBT roles has declined from 16
last season to only 6 this fall. ER will engrace NYPD Blue, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Dawson's
Crick and the new ABC hospital drama M.D.'s. The decline coming after three straight years
in which gay lesbian characters enjoyed a surge in visibility on network TV was disappointing
to leaders of the gay community. The diversity of the gay community cannot be conveyed through
7 characters, especially when all those characters are white, said Scott Schoeman, entertainment
media director for GLAD. Much of the decline is due to the fact that 11 shows with gay
lesbian characters last season failed to make it back on a schedule this fall, including
Spin City, Felicity, once and again the Ellen Show and Dark Angel. Were any of those shows
any good? No. In addition the only two series to feature a bisexual and transgender character
that 80s he got is punishing you for that drop in you did on that story about the little
kid that died playing football. God is punishing you man. Okay. And tell him you're right
now. He doesn't waste any time. He sends you a message just like Joey Zaza going to
send you a message. Okay. God is sending you a message. Don't be making little jokes
about kids dying playing football. In addition the only two series to feature a bisexual
and transgender character that 80s show and the education of Max Bickford respectively
were both canceled last season. I wasn't that with Richard Draftus. Yes. With Mr.
Hollins penis or whatever that movie was. Shoma suggested that gay's prime time presence
may also have suffered from programming choices by networks looking to offer more comfort
food when American public unsettled by events of the past year. That's what we want is
more comfort food, more problem, something soft. I believe they're programming for comfort
and that's very very narrow programming and the gay and lesbian community like all of
the minorities don't bring a lot of comfort in the eyes of the programmers. He said no
and that's because we're dangerous. Yeah. And that's why I like it being dangerous.
This year's declining presence of gays and dikes on broadcast TV reverses of trend in which
the number of LGBT portrayals ran between 20 to 24 for each of the past three seasons
showman said not only do gays remain scarce on prime time shows feet in a prime time
comma shows featuring homosexual characters demands to achieve a hit status failed to spark
the kind of invitation seen by other telephone television genres showman said television
and telephone. The networks are not copycatting the success of shows with gays and lesbian characters
like Will and grief the way that copycat medical dramas for example or westerns or cop shows
or a detective show showman said or stupid quiz shows Karen Eraski or so called real
what do they call them reality show hope reality based crap Karen Eraski heavily multi ethnic
coalition civil rights groups pressing for greater racial diversity on network TV said
that climate game lesbian characters in prime time fits a larger pattern while there are fewer
minority portrayals on television the accuracy of the representation decreases you said in
the statement by contrast cable TV offers a far heavier concentration of gays characters
on the smaller number of shows with a total of 22 LGBT roles counted on six shows this coming
season as sex in the city six feet under and the wire on HBO the shield on effects and
queer is folk on showtime you know I saw a queer is folk last night for the first time
yeah and for about three minutes and I went back to another show okay week queer queer
now I did was just weak it was just exactly what you'd expect and you have this one margin
looking uh fairly uh feminine looking guy uh yeah a stereotype and he's growing the other
guys crotch any other guy was ugly anyway so I went back to uh Donnie who worked Dr.
Phil was on there with his good looking kid he's not a kid is said as like I would say
23 24 he's getting older by the minute and he's going to take over that show pretty soon
we'll start watching you can you can just see the look in his face when Donnie you kept
asking the kid boy well what do you want to do what are you going to do with your education
you're going to be able to get a lot of agree well uh I want to knock Dr. Phil out he just
started the show he wants to knock that out there take over the show I'll guarantee you get
bigger numbers gays network visibility is due to grow again or the next year when two new shows
debut as mid-season replacements the CBS sitcom Charlie Lawrence starring Nathan Lane is a gay actor
turned congressman and the Fox series Oliver Bean about an 11 year old boy who is revealed in
flash forward scenes to be gay that we doesn't know oh yes Singapore announces the rest of 21
terrorist suspects authorities in Singapore announced yesterday that they arrested 21 men
for alleged terrorist activities and that the men were members of a southeast Asian organization
jimaya islam islamia that's it jimaya islamia that's based in indonesians got ties to al-Qaeda the
Singaporean government which thwarted a plot to bomb the u.s embassy last December provided scanty
tales yesterday beyond saying that some of the men had trained at camps in Afghanistan and that
they'd conducted renaissance and sir reconnaissance and surveys of selected targets on the instruction
of the jai leadership jimaya islamia the rest came as american investigators gather evidence
that jimaya islamia which is headed by the radical indonesian cleric al-Bubaqar barshir is better
organized than able to carry out acts of terrorism than they realized and that mr barshir has been
directly involved in terror activities and by the way mr barshir kushmir and tohoush okay
how do you like that huh is that in the copy that's exactly what it says from the a and p
every shop at the np not in this state how about pigly wiggly in the i think i might be the
i love my dominion story i love that dominion baby they got i'm serious it's so new and so beautiful
in there you could just you could lick the floor they got a selection they got stuff and they also
have nestlies turtling there in gigantic half gallon tubs i'm not buying any don't get panicky all
right i'm not buying any of that crap i can't and i and you know something i'm cured of it just
like smarties and you want to know why because it's so sweet how come they never cured me a fish
food though don't know and i got a real real bad piece of news that's what i did that's what i did
did see in the air and i was only walking down the aisle i didn't buy any the ben and juries
is starting to rear it's already head up here now just when you think you're safe and there they come
chasing you down ben and juries with all those neat new flavors like that one i found in Amsterdam
what i wasn't i can't imagine why i was sick all the time in Amsterdam and you know something i'm
glad i mentioned that because as much as you're pissed off with your doctor that didn't want to see
i didn't want to give you a prescription and they did it around the five thirty in the afternoon
this doctor of my mother's which i don't even know what his name was but somewhere i've got his
card i'm thinking to put it down the year i know what the other doctor is the head doctor in the
in that office yeah you know it's on it's on tap street just west of four forty one right you know
i'm talking about i know what you're talking about yeah because you know he looks in my nose they
have the thing where they look up your nose to see if you take it up the nose and in my ear and of
course at the time i had been had constant this always was having like these colds and the sore
throats and the raw throats and i missed two days here and missing other two days there and he says
oh well you got a little something there and he wasn't looking at my crotch either he's looking
at my nose and and that's it well i'm not going to give you a little bit of a little clear up and
so all summer all of june all of july and half of august i had to be sick because of this son of a
bit who calls himself a doctor and it was the same office where they thought i was uh i was in
indigent so they sent me off to that sparser place to get my blood test that was the place
how do you like that this is f-mare doctor so don't ever listen to my mother whether it has to be
an optometrist remember the guy told you about who really well wanted to be in show business and
giving me the glasses that weren't right that's right wrong prescription optometrist doctors
Dennis whatever it is do not listen to my mother okay okay do not listen and by the way she said
you're getting better whatever your name is what's his name former FBI agent Connolly sends to more
than 10 years in prison oh this is a very strange story from the Boston Globe
former FBI agent john connolly who'd been credited with helping to cripple the new england mafia
was sentenced yesterday to more than 10 years in prison for protecting his informants and
exchange for information don't you find that a little bit unusual i thought that's kind of the
way it worked yeah i thought that was a if we believe all our shows we watch on tv
us district judge joseph al taro had twice rejected motions from both the prosecution and the
defense to deviate from federal guidelines which called for a sentence of eight years one month to
10 years one month in recent weeks the judge was dead used with two hundred letters of friends from
Connolly asking for leniency he also received letters including from robber jordan assistant director
of the FBI office of professional responsibility asking torre to impose the maximum sentence connolly
62 declined the opportunity to speak of the sentencing hearing telling the judge i have no comment
your honor he blew a kiss to rather have seated in the front row as he was escorted without handcuffs
connolly was considered a top agent for his help in breaking the new england mafia in the 1970s and
eighties by using information he got from top echelon FBI informants james whitey bulgar and
steven the rifleman flimmy leaders of the winner hill gang connolly was convicted in may of
racketeering of structures justice and lying to an FBI agent for tipping off bulgarine flimmy
about criminal investigations and warning them about an upcoming incident in 1995 indictment
bulgar fled oh i see bulgar fled remains a fugitive on the FBI's most wanted list now you
starting to see the way this works out i see flimmy is serving a ten year prison sentence for
money laundering extortion and obstruction of justice he's awaiting travelers a ledger roll in ten
murders so in other words uh... he wasn't just these were merely fraternity house pranks is what
they're saying these were uh... heavy duty stuff
hot on single a little bit too close a little bit too muddy buddy he was playing both sides against
the middle and now he's gonna play both sides of the wall against the middle where they have that
little caught that little hard one
three hundred sixty eight votes in our pool now let's see if this thing is changed not she's coming back
a little bit good after i want to influence the poll because you want what you believe okay even
though some of you may be full of crap like a little more than a thirty or full of crap
and for you naive who's being naive now k three hundred sixty eight votes who do you believe regarding
last Friday's fake terrorist threat on freaking alligator alley who do you freaking believe freaking
unistone the george woman two hundred thirty seven sixty four point four freaking percent
and the three marzal medical students speaking of freak the one of anyway hundred thirty one thirty five
and a half percent
hey you know when you shop for quality footwear selection and professional service are important
to everybody but brandy shoes is doing such a great job and they've been going so strong for so
many years because when it comes to selection and price they're unbeatable i got people working
in brandy soon or your feet will make sure you get a perfect fit every time but when it comes to
price like i said they are absolutely unbeatable which is why their people are loyal customers and
keep coming back and we're not talking about off brands either we're talking about the top names
in a business like rock ports s a s spirit timberland naturalizer and lots more in with their humongous
selection you're almost never going to be disappointed they won't have to special order for you but
of course if they do no problem and on the extra charge brandy shoes open daily nine to nine
some days ten to five you'll find brandy's in their same stupendous location twelve ninety north
federal highway and pop and obi and that summer occurrence closeout sarla's continuing for select
group of famous brands up to seventy three percent savings right now as i speak only at brandy
shoes and prestigious pop and obi and loco this is four trade oh five six
is how it david when i take my feldened i listened to the neo-roger's twelve the one hour not
George because he's stupid
crushed his skull like a pale i use a number from blue we've been just well there's something i
know how to kill so much sugar daddy's ill say
treat me like these are
face with the bat me look like dying
travel to a five sixty wq i'm guess so what the deadliest day in u.s history was i give up
guess subtenber list of september 11th no
out
really
one hundred forty years ago this week today to army thrust north through western
everyone's rich farmland and faced off at a battle so savage that is one day death toll is
unsurpassed in american history on september 17th 1862
invading Confederate forces and union pursuers collided in rolling sheets of fire
at an antitim creek a shallow river of water ambling through orchards and cornfields
not far from the upper stretches of the Potomac river the battle near the dusty crossroads
of sharpsburg into the first Confederate invasion of the north it raised the stakes of the
civil war for merc in the world despite last year's horrendous losses in the 9-11 terrorist
attacks the one day casually told that antitim remains unequaled historian james emic
person notes in a new book that the sixty three hundred to sixty five hundred union and
Confederate soldiers killed and mortally wounded at an antitim more than twice than the three
thousand forty four fatalities including the nineteen hijackers suffered in the attacks on the
world trade center of the Pentagon last year another fifteen thousand men wounded in the
battle of antitim would recover but many of them would never again walk on two legs or work
with two arms mcperson rights and crossroads are freedom and teed him the battle that changed
the course of the civil war published by oxford university press the casualties at antitim were
four times greater than americans killed or wounded at the normandy beaches june 6 44 they were
also greater than the combined casualties of all the nation's nineteenth century wars accepting
the civil war itself the consequences of the battle were not confined to the butcher's
bill the name some gave the list of dead and wounded that flooded newspapers in the north and
south although neither army was destroyed the Confederates were badly hurt their commander general
Robert E. Lee abandoned his invasion of the north and we treated across the Potomac to Virginia
that gave president Lincoln the circumsise he needed to publish plans to declare free all slaves held
in territory controlled by the Confederacy perhaps no consequence of antitim was more momentous
than this one it changed the character of the war mcperson rights and he liked that apples
i didn't know that i forgot but yeah you forgot see you're supposed to be our history buff
yeah no but again you remember starting to fade which is either that bug you had or god punishing
you for saying that he died rapping thing about that football player so you must have known that
it was black i had no idea i think it was a racist they want maybe maybe you're you had a
premonition maybe you know that kids with asthma shouldn't be playing those kinds of games and
after kids start having chest pains it's probably a real good idea to get them off to the
sideline and give them a little bit of assistance instead of continuing to let them play until they
start getting in real real serious trouble and then it's too late which seems to be the pattern
in a lot of these stories most of these stories are in a case of all something happened like
spontaneously immediately and somebody just like that on the field fell around sand yeah no
and there's no point in my getting pissed off about it because it's the american effort
my manager's not gonna change but it seems like we've got like the dead football player do your
now on the menu every day is another one including that little girl a 10-year-old girl that died
couple weeks right head injury 300 of you yeah playing playing contact football i still say
what's a 10-year-old little girl doing playing contact football you mora i think those parents
ought to be strung up don't you with her right to play with them i see oh here's the vandana
family the opportunities those pots smoking swing in the scumbags i'm just the joking i'll
come just have you know of course there's nothing funny about that story either except the fact
that this guy's going on death throw a westerfield chest or field but the fact is he's not going to
get the needle because he's just got the line is too long have you ever gone like into a into a
store in the line is just too long to make sure you're gonna die before you get it if you ever
gone like into the supermarket you went up and down the house and then there was no line it was
shorter than like 16 people each had like a full basket yes and you just left your crap now what
do you do you take this stuff back and put it where it belongs yeah oh yeah sure yeah i'd love
to see somebody who would do that and eventually we got people who are liars in this oh yeah no we
do that if we see the lines are too long we don't we take an extra 20 minutes to go back and put
every item back in its proper place i'll tell you what if i have like ice cream or something like
that i'll put back that you know i'll put that back in the bowl something that's perishable like
ice cream right but if it's canned goods or something forget about what what kind of ice cream
review board chief says he'll publicize names of bishops who mishandle abuse claims here's some good
news Oklahoma City see there is some good news out there and there not too much well and by the way
you'll be pleased to know that the Bush people are ready saying hey forget about we want the we
want the name resolution in the UN okay we're not buying it we don't think they're sincere they're
not gonna let the inspectors in they're not gonna show us nothing we got the war machine all
rolled up here at two late you know they're they're playing the new theme song is going to be
it's two late by Carol King how do you like that so like i've been trying to tell you this has
been a done deal for a long time and of course just were a few weeks before the election now
is the opportune moment to strike is what they've decided and of course that the heath can real strong
especially on chaining now is the real good time to like let that smoke cloud go
obfuscate anyway the head of a national panel said yesterday that he'll soon reveal the names of
Roman Catholic bishops who are failing to comply with the church's new policy for disciplining
priest and molest children see what i'm talking about i told you it was just a dog and pony show
we'll put on a good show for public consumption the media will say oh yeah well here we're here's
what they're doing they're reforming and then we'll go back and do whatever now we want to anyway
Oklahoma governor Frank Keating chairman of the church appointed national review board said the
information the committee had gathered so far indicates most diocese are implementing the
planned bishops approved in juneis then the clerical section of his crisis he didn't say how many
bishops he thought were violating the policy or exactly when he would release their names but the
board had questions about how the plan was being followed in some diocese Keating be saying the
governor made the remarks after a survivor's network of those abused by priest snap said it's
got evidence that 13 of the nation's 195 diocese have failed to comply with the new policy snap
representatives met with the appointed national review board for more than an hour yesterday
Susan archibald president of the link up another victims advocacy group at the meeting said the
board was placed in the battle with very few weapons acceptance ability to alert the public
about which prelates were violating the plan we see very little accountability for the senior
management of the church of america snap said and a statement presented to the board were afraid
that dozens of priests with histories of sexual abuse remain in the public ministry in the pubic
ministry the board made up of 13 prominent late catholics was established as a way to help enforce
the reform policy that u.s bishops overwhelmingly approved three months ago the board has met just
allowing advocates for victims to participate briefly in both sessions the board was to continue
meeting privately throughout the day at its first meeting july 30 the board directed the bishops
staff to compile a preliminary survey of policy implementation needs dices that report was to be
reviewed yesterday they were looking at over they were they were didlin with it they were thinking
about it China food poisoning investigated you hear this story nope oh you're going to love this
and right in the middle of lunch hour you bastard you well i'm trying to help you lose weight it's
not about the dogs is it no rats well close hundreds of people fell ill after eating food laced
with rat poison at a snack shop selling fried dough sesame cakes and rice in the chinese city of
nangin and police open a criminal investigation in the poisonings yesterday authoria more it's a
good thing they got a billion people are you know they they can sterile authorities refused
to release a death toll but state media said that more than 200 people were sick and then suggested
that dozens including many children might have died china's say i was waiting but we don't
have when it says they died we don't have one of them china's reported numerous cases of food
poisoning in which restaurants tried to save money by using toxic industrial salts instead of
table solver cooks mystic rat poison or other chemicals for food ingredients also enough to make
me want to run right into china in that i got to read that sentence again just to convince myself
i really heard the words coming out of my own post china has reported numerous cases of food
poisoning in which restaurants tried to save money by using toxic industrial salts instead of
table salt or cooks mystic rat poison or other chemicals for food ingredients in july a noodle shop
owner in southern china was arrested on charges the poison customers at a rival business
by putting rat poison in its soup okay uh-huh the state controlled media provided only scant
accounts in the investigation in the Saturday's poisonings reporters visiting tang shan counties
on investigators in white glove searching a food processing factory that supplied the shop and
examining the ground outside the hesha goyin goyin the soybean milk shop where the poison food
was bought was closed and its telephone went unanswered that's the mission goyin soybean milk shop
what it says police police were questioning the manager of a company that supplied food to the
shop the state newspaper china daily says now where clear it's a criminal case the place will
certainly question all related to people for investigation these spokeswoman said Hong Kong
newspaper reports that 41 people were killed were wrong but she refused to release a death toll
newspapers and an official reached by telephone at jian su province of an epidemic prevention station
said examination samples sent from hospital showed the victims had eaten rat poison
rat poison i found one guy one guy puts rat poison in his competitor's soup to put him out of
business again i bet it worked uh so i found a drop there dad oh you know what what i just
I tore up the last page of love but i don't need that i got my spots in order to see when you're
when you're you know on top of things when you're orderly and we got everything organized then
you don't have to worry about that follow what i'm saying i bet i'm going to hurry to get out
here and then of course we have to really put our heads together and consider what we're going to
do between 11 and 1 tomorrow like we did last Wednesday and 9 11 which i had no place about that did
you know and you think i thought that when over bigger than marietower more myself and especially
by the end of the day people thought oh thank goodness we had those two hours of a few
chuckles and something as opposed to the inundation of the morbid of the the planes crashing into the
buildings and the people weeping and gnashing and carrying on at least we had a little bit of a
respite from that crap a little 12 minutes past noon at 560 wkym if you find yourself looking in
mirror wondering where your hair wet is probably down the drain on the ground is probably
long gone so get to the phone and call the best in the hair business Charles Alfieery
Charlie's got the latest technology that provides sensational results for those you guys who want
some more here in the most amazing natural hairline in other words his system looks like the real
thing like it's really growing under your scalp that's the difference see that's why we need to see
people like Aaron Brown or Sam Donaldson on TV and you say oh my god look at every dick
let's look and wig and that's because you know what it looks like it looks like a freaking wig like
a farm animal died on their head is nesting there but when you got the natural hairline system
from Chuck Alfieery it looks like the hairs really growing out of your scalp people wouldn't even
know it's not the real thing which is why he's been in business and doing it for guys for over 25
years now at no price in the world can you get a better looking piece than you will from Charles
Alfieery so if you want to look better and younger than he have in a coon's age call today and take
advantage of your special $200 nea Rogers discount and Charlie also services and repairs all types of
hair systems win you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks and everybody who gets the new piece gets
Charlie's 30 day guarantee if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not
getting laid at least 40 50 60 times today Charlie will give you a full refund no questions
asked looking forward to seeing Charlie at those Panther games I'll be going like four or five games
this season so make the call today and get your hair back get rid of that bald spot and like I
said look a hell of a lot better than you ever dreamed to look again call 1 800 3 to 124 13
what is that number that's 1 800 3 to 124 13 or log on to their website at Charles Alfieery.com
Are you fudge back in coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music
biography profile story we take a good hard stiff look and to start them they gave us one of the
defining songs of 80s new wave now they give us a line of bulls**t about why they let Burger King
use it in a commercial that one time they were modern English oh yeah I asked anyone when we
wrote met with you we were thinking of of cheese yeah that's it gooey and delicious cheese
oh melting on top of two old beef patties oh my come on let's rock and roll man tonight you'll
hear modern English one man Colin full of it Harris asking us to believe that he knew the song
would be used in a commercial years later when you think of it a woman is like cheese really she's
tempting and delicious about 30 percent fat all those years he told me that melt with you was about
how great the sex was with me now it's about a f**king cheeseburger Colin's ex girlfriend
one to Camelbear I just feel so cheap if like all those times he was with me he might as well have been
dry-humping a sandwich finally when confronted with the image of dry-humping a burger the leader of
modern English stared down his demons and told the truth we didn't sprite this song for a commercial
we needed the money there there guys as far as using your song in a commercial goes you're in good
company with a bunch of other jerk off sell-outs come bags most of them are far more famous than you
it's a big juicy shopping-wet look at your business tonight on inside the behind now you do
know what we have to do is begin to that fairly soon we got to get back to that one-hit wonder thing
because I have all that stuff here's a matter of fact I got all the music can't wait I'm ready for it
you're ready for it right now let's start maybe like Friday sounds good okay anyway
300 I got all the stuff here I got all the ones that we did before I got an Indian CDs
might as well do something with it now what what do you do with the one that I got it I got it
my little red food okay the moment we did the runoff from the other ones from the first six
whatever I got those and the audience is saying oh gee not that in the neck chronic
factual be faction and any men saying oh you're not going to do that crap again where he's a one-hit
wonder is or you know the one that affects me with that Nelson facts you're there where you sick
that day you were not with that I don't know I remember he facts before lots of times what
done are you playing one hit wonders oh like I said not today 390 to a rather here he died 392
votes who do you believe regarding last Friday's fake terror threat unistone the Georgia woman
2564.2% percentages aren't changing all that much and of course we've only got two choices on
there you know it's like it's like an election when there's only two choices like the November
5th gubernatorial election where there'll be well there'll be more choices Bob quince will be
other on there again nobody has any idea why nobody has any idea why because it's sure we should
then go on getting a real honest job isn't it Bob isn't that the truth yeah so he's running for
governor again even Ellis Rubin gave up that crap well he was all over the place on that can't
think will it sing certain night on city confidential let's a good show you don't watch that I have
on a any I keep missing it like I don't know what it's on that kind of thing the only thing that
bothers me about that show is the narrator his name is Paul something I saw his name on there which
I never knew his name and he sounds like Vincent Price but of course Vincent Price has been dead
for some time now and he's he sounds like Vincent Price but he's not you know what I'm saying
so he just annoys me and he speaks in kind of like a I don't know melodramatic way kind of like
Bill Curtis does on a lot of melodrama there right you know what I mean with Bill Curtis in a
melodrama just a little bit melodramatic with his hands he's got the thing he does with his hands
here anyway 392 votes Eunice has got 252 and the three Muslim medical students 140 they didn't mean
I sure a fashion plate though we know something about the doylies I haven't used that word in a
long time I love that word and it's a great word in fact in my house was a kid growing up we always
had doylies on every table my mother had a doyly under whatever under the lamp now did you have
couch arm doylies so the other I'm on this very big on those are you kidding me I think now though
in recent years instead of doylies on the couch arms they're like what would you call them
they their sleeves kind of like yes exactly their little sleeves made from the same material right
that the couch is made from so it's like like Mitch and Matt Sull. Reed just can't stand Kelly even
though they're supple he just he wants daughter Joanna to replace her this is the examiner this
week we got to get back into the tabloids this week okay which for some reason I'm able to get
them almost a week ahead up here as opposed and when you think that would be just the other way
around since the day since we discovered it up there in Boka you'd think all the tabloids are
printed right there you think you'd have them like ahead of time but maybe the problem is that our
magazine our newspaper and magazine suppliers there are like a slacken off a little bit including
captain sing why understand is on alligator alley right now didn't you over here what he said that's
just a joke captain sing we don't need anybody investigating captain sing is a seek he's a seek he's
a seek and of course you know what they say about guys like him they seek their own level which is
why gravitated to us he's a good guy captain sing is probably listening right now over there on
the beach she sure is Reed just can't stand Kelly don't believe all that chummy chatter between Reed
just filled the film and Kelly rip on their morning talk show behind the scenes the TV side
kicks aren't speaking to which other say insiders it's the total silent treatment reveals a set
side inside or they have nothing to say to each other the situation is so hopeless that Reed just
is even said to be grooming his 29 year old daughter Joanna to take Kelly's place Joanna did we
play that not lately I sure hope not Reed just is fed up with his coho sexy addicts on the show
and her shameless attempts to steal his thunder sources say and the food is now reached such a fever
pitch that they don't even try to hide the bitterness between them the ill will between the two has
gotten so bad that they weren't speaking to whichever the recent promo shoot for popular talk show
a source tells MSNBC gossip calmness Jeanette walls how do you like that weren't even speaking to
each other they had a public thing so it looks like a big rip it's big meal it's big in a boat
when the camera wasn't rolling they would even go through the motions of pretending like each other
they would barely even look at each other it was painful say is the source Reed just 71 and
Kelly 31 have reportedly been in odds with each other since he replaced can't he leave Gifford last
year that bitch he's furious say sources that she's upstaged him with sexy clothes and mascara
marks on the air while she complains he's an old fuddy-duty who ought to keep up with the times
she might have a point you know
Regis feels that after 20 years he knows who's the show's audience what the show is about and
how he knows the host need to behave says another insider Kelly meanwhiles from the MTV generation
she's young she wants to live up the show she's not aware they're afraid to wear revealing clothes
and the show and the show off her hot body she looks at her face and I mean I don't know about
that body thing because you stand sideways here in this picture but she looks pretty scabby in this
one picture of Regis she's got a pretty face unfortunately she has an Audi so I don't like her
not in this picture she don't have a pretty face she looks like hell on wheels and Regis looks
it looks like they brought in this this figurine from the Madame Tussauds wax museum
he looks petrified of course he is standing next to her and she's got one boob on his shoulder
the crux of the feud is that Regis feels Kelly doesn't give them the respect he deserves
after all this TV success but Kelly counters that she's responsible for the show's sewing ratings
and his air special treatment too Regis was the star when Kelly came in and now she's acting like
the star wall source says the set cider insider ads Regis is a gentleman from the old school and
doesn't sit right within the Kelly flaunts her sexiness every chance she gets he's tried to use his
influence with producer Michael Gellman to get him to order Kelly to clean up her act but Gellman
takes a hands-off approach with her because the ratings have gone up so dramatically since he
joined the show he isn't about to mess with success so what else Regis all bad out of shape about
her is this probably just more more puff and crap huh you think no I'm sure he's upset because
I've been hearing that from all over the place he's upset because of what you just said I mean
I like Regis but he's got a he's got a gigantic ego right and here's a guy that bumbled around
with Joey Bishop so announcer about it ill-fated show years ago he had that exercise show on the
channel it's not even on anymore that cable channel mobile to the health channel whatever and
huh whatever it is yeah and he finally hit it big with this show and then of course he got that
millionaire thing he has got more money than God and how can you let your ego get it away
that'd be a good pull to take one day who's got the bigger ego Regis or Bob Barker oh there you
want and when the hell they're gonna retire already how much you need Regis how much you need Bob
we've already spayed and neutered every animal we can find I think you're next Bob from what we're
hearing about you and those Barker's cuties how come they don't like Rod Roddy bring on Rod's
cuties from Thailand 402 vote all he does have those great those lovely suits yeah have you ever
noticed those suits he wears yeah he gets those in Thailand they really are very snappy you know who
was it first told me about Rod Roddy I give up I'll give you I'll give you like about a three-word
clue if I can find it like I said a forward clue I am that hemorrhoid oh how about that because he
used to work with them in Buffalo Rod Roddy used to be a DJ and WKBW in Buffalo back in a joy Reynolds
and Stan Roberts and Danny Nevroth in those days I don't we got to get to the Jill
Clayson they're gonna CBS Morning Show but I guess we got to do a break see that's what happens
when you don't have the log in front of you like that you start and by the way PD Lenny that's
only piece of copy wrote for dried concepts is already torn up into a million smithereens I don't
need no copy for dry concepts okay especially we're talking about what was it about schmutz and
schlepping and schlepping crap and oh god schlepping him out put him in a parking lot let the water
not see run over him a few times anyway if your carpets are schmutz see there you go I didn't
need his help dry concepts can make them look sparkling just like brand new how do they do it they
do it with a patent and exclusive method which means that nobody else in the world does it for you
like this they dry clean your carpets that's where the name of the outfit comes from dry concepts
and by the time they get done you'll be shaking your head and saying I cannot believe it I'm not
exaggerating that's why I always feel about it because your carpets you know they get kind of that
nasty look to them that kind of tommor can really tell that they're dirty and they don't smell all
that great when they leave your carpets look like he just had brand new late on the floor and
they smell a little fresh and they're drying a couple of hours too so it's a great deal all
the way around plus they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start touching
anything even the carpets and they're no rip offs or scams at the end and they also do a
spectacular job of cleaning your furniture and drapery if you like spot dying proper protection
carpet repairs implant oriental rug service the authorization and if a flood strikes your home
complete water damage restoration too they're the best in the universe which is why I've been using
them for over 20 years and everybody I know with a brain uses dry concepts in the Broward call 954
3707778 954 3707778 in date or Palm Beach column tool 3 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 that's 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1
clean today and retain tonight with dry concepts and PD Lenny
my life is in the world we're supporting you 560
2 am
hey
the temperature is zero
it is cold it is so freaking cold
you're gay and I cringe every time the wind blows
in my pants something is shrinking I'm so cold I can't lip-sync
you
let's because it's zero baby
and I cannot feel my clothes
there's a tingling in my fingers
and my pride with parts of clothes
oh my nose is about to fall off
there's a cloud every time that I call and my hands are blue
they are turning numb
they might amputate my thoughts
that's because it's zero baby
I can barely move my mouth forever
I'm a red hot Latin lover
but first I need to be thought out
yes I need to be thought out
that's because it's zero
thank you
much for you I'll tell you one thing you know Jason London
who's no relation to Brian London you give me more bad information
1234-560 WQAM
409 votes on a pool 409 let's play that what do you say beach boys for
okay I'll go get it don't
who do you believe regarding last Friday's fake tirathrid are you eating something
there very surreptitiously now so I am surreptitiously
and what are you eating a mahi mahi salad from balance for life
we're eating balance for life that's excellent very good it is excellent
grilled no less and what's Carlos Eden
nut and his ego well also what is him he's not getting pain you're not even
feeding him I offered him some chocolate cheesecake from balance for life but he
doesn't like chocolate he wants something substantial I think he wants
something of say wants a Wayne Arnold he wants some nearly burgers with cheese he
wants to hear from those people every now and again from what people
those various people pizza locked for example Wayne Arnold sometimes well certainly not
often enough cast away and did you also go in here and jump up and down on
Duff's new desk and his new office and say we want Carlos paid starting this
week or else we're all walking out did you said old desk is halfway to
its new orifice so it's on its side in the middle of the hall well good then half
right on the side it should be easier for a little magic like you to sit right
on the side don't let them move at another foot right after the show you go
right out there and sit on the side of that desk and say we're not there's no more
moving going on in fact I'm gonna do a movement right on the side of the desk here
unless you get with it I can quit I could cook that up quit dicking around
sure you could that's why I suggested it no problem
and not only that but threatened to bring fat boy in there and like uh do it yeah
do a two-man routine 409 votes what do you believe regarding the debacle on the alley
last Friday who do you believe uh four to 15 like I said unistone the Georgia woman 64.8%
269 votes the three Marsle Medical students 146.35.1
Jane Clayson is out as co-anchor of CBS rating star of the early show and veteran Harry Smith
maybe back in following Brian Gumball's departure in May Clayson's exit means CBS will put together
a new team to battle NBC's number one today and ABC's gaining good morning America for the
breakfast audience and man to those shows sucker what to those shows really suck or what man talk
about vanilla talk about tapioca pudding Smith who did morning duty for nine years at CBS
isn't talked to take the job again sources told the Daily News yesterday
the network's also considering Hannah Storm of NBC sports wow Smith 51 has been host of A&E's
biography since 99 recently spent a week his guest go anchor on the early show and his
told friends he's eager to get back into network news well if that's your idea of network
news Harry good luck to you okay CBS was also in third place in the morning when Smith was at
the helm with Paula Zahn who was now CNN's morning push but Smith was always hired in regarded
within CBS news one insider said he's beloved here everybody thought he was one of the best
he is good Harry Smith you know like Harry Smith I like him fine are you eating again storm 40
who's also had a Philanston on the early show a senior role diminished at NBC sports since the
network lost the rights to the NBA in the end CBS may not stop at two new hires has been talked
that executives are thinking about broadening the traditional male female morning show team to
an ensemble lineup CBS news books men Sandi Janelia said notations have been made about the
new release show anchors Clayson 35 will leave the early show in a few weeks but is expected
to sound with CBS news for a new rule that was still under discussion number they'll find
somewhere to show that bitch but you're out honey you're out you'll show blows oh look at that
Patrick Ewing with the next phase of my life I like to thank you know the next he's out he retired
the grape ape retires you know Patrick Ewing nope well he retires NBA star New York next okay
rookie of the year in 19 to what Orlando magic he's returned from the magic he says no more
they look they were great the grape ape he's out GOP using faith initiative to woo voters this is
enough to make you lose your mahi mahi Republicans are using the prospect of federal grants from
the Bush administration's faith based initiative to boost support from GOP candidates especially
among black voters in states and districts with tight congressional races this fall
I I gotta be honest with you that was almost as good as Amstax almost maybe not quite but it was
pretty damn close thank you Patrick top government officials overseeing the program design
of funnel federal social service grants to religious groups have appeared at Republican sponsored
events and would GOP candidates and Lee six states the events often target black audience as
such as a recent South Carolina seminar to which about 1600 black ministers were invited the
events host explained how the federal program will distribute about twenty five million dollars in
grants the community groups affiliated with churches and other private sector institutions as
again they continue blurring the line the separation of church and state the South Carolina
avenge July 19th was sponsored by the state Republican Party those who attended received follow-up
letters on GOP stationery explaining how to apply for grant money run Thomas the party's political
director called the event a phenomenal success that helped put a human face on the party again
Bush has repeatedly said the faith-based initiative is not political on February one way to
announce that Jim toy would replace John Jade DeLullio or Uliya whatever the hell guy's name is
ahead of the program the president said toy understands that these things are more important
than political parties and one of those things more important than political parties is help heal
the nation's soul he said right some lawmakers will oppose the president's faith-based
initiative say they fear to could be used for political purposes Madison and Jefferson understood
the lesson of human history that when you start combining the power politics and the power of religion
you end up with politicians using religion as the means to their own ends representative chat
Edwards democrat of Texas be saying how do you like that so farewell to the great eight Patrick
you and he's out it retired I thought you'd be all broken up about that who we got the mad dogs
him mad is doing a show from Shula State to a month o'clock today they're under the pushover
Sunday the jets game although maybe that curse you know maybe that whole curse thing it might have
some impact although I'll be honest with you I doubted Hank Goldberg of three Hank
will have Patrick's retained between the five and six hours you can call him and say hey
super ball we can spell super ball and then you got the marlins in the expose Eddie K after baseball
and Joe and Mark the dirty boys two to six in the morning to provide a little bit of material
for our morning guy Tom Lehman and Hall of Pontiac GMC they're not too happy about that morning
Shula today right now in fact when you go down Lehman Pontiac ask a Tom about that he and could say
nothing on the air but off the air he might fill your ear he might give you a big show in an answer
in fact he probably will anyway forget about that let's get back to buy in a car 0% financing is
back again at Lehman Pontiac that's right what did I call it at Hall of Pontiac what they should
put his name on it you know what he's the main man with the proof credit from GMAC you can get 0%
financing up to 36 months on all 2003 Pontiacs and GMC models or take a rebate of up to four grand
on all 2002 Pontiacs or GMC models in stock and while you're at Hallet or Lehman let's start
calling Lehman Pontiac and see if we get a rise out of time you think check out the complete line
of GMC SUVs including the envoy loaded by motor trend is the SUV the year and of course that great
that spiffy all new Pontiac vibe SUV that's got the power of a fantastic sports car in fact George
would like to be driving one of those right now yeah why not talk to Tom next time he stops by okay
say I like him both camper he's an okay guy but he shouldn't have that vibe would you like to have
a vibe okay I prefer Corvette's myself and Tom don't sell those how let's also have
that as dependable selection of great pre on cars parts and SUVs and if by any chance some other
dealer was nasty enough to turn it down because your credit may be a little on the spotty side
have no fear because Halet Pontiac is here they'll work your deal and get you into a great
user new car so for a great deal on Pontiac and GMC's this is the place Halet Pontiac GMC 134.1
soft fixie highway that's US 1 across from the falls open every single day seven days a week
Halet Pontiac GMC do be professional grace
I am low this is sports 20 or vice-c here you way yeah
a young is too young all the world loved Harry Potter in the sorcerer stone and now he's back
in theaters and this time he's traded in his one for a 44 meg journey Harry Potter go ahead
punk cast my spell 30 Harry Potter nothing is as enchanting as a trigger happy sociopath bumping
off the bad guys with tub guy catchphrases and a little touch of wizardry a man's gotta know
his incantations 30 Harry Potter he's making his own rules and cleaning up Hogwarts Academy
one creep at a time I know what you think it did he cast six spells or only five
what to tell you the truth and all the six excitement I kind of lost track myself
but being this is a 44 Magnum the most magical handgun in the world and would blow your head
clean off you gotta ask yourself one question do I feel lucky what do you
love it
dirty Harry Potter if it's anything like the first Harry Potter film it'll make a fistful of dollars
1246 at 560 wqa am here's the facts and I'm sure you looked at this yes say your doctor isn't
doctor is what it says I'm not using the name I've been with him for years and he's been great
I mean your mom's doctor well the fact of the matter is it's his office he you know he's too
important because he don't have afternoon hours this guy so naturally he's got some other flunkies
that work in his office and guys that just got off the banana boat in fact the doctor I did see
and I used to the term doctor loosely he was bragging to me about the fact that he's you know
got off the banana boat he said oh yeah I think I just got off on Georgia I came in something like
that last year something yeah something like that I mean this guy was a doctor like my little dog
is a goddamn brain surgeon okay that's how much of a medical exam he gave me and the thing that I
had to go through all this was like how about the seventh of June I was there like the third to the
eighth of June right okay yes yeah that was my June five days and the day before I left I went to
the doctor because number one I need to refill my prescriptions number one and number two see
since my good friend Gary left doctor dick my life isn't worth a crap anymore you know what I mean
now these Gary used to take care of stuff like that and the other thing was I wanted to find out
what this damn you know sinus condition was all about because I've been constantly getting the
colds and the and when it doubt knock it out the sinus infection this nasty grotesque that I had to
go through all of June all of July and a half August till Dr. Hampt thanks again Dr. Hampt and
rumor you too so my doctor isn't doctor but that's the one that's the orifice okay so if you
happen to be a patient of doctor just pray that you never find that he's too busy around vacation
and you have to go and see doctor Schmendrick whatever this guy's name is doctor banana boat
because this guy ain't no doctor will he call in the prescription for you hey he did write out the
prescriptions I will say that what do you want and get out of here you know we're gonna send you
over to the professor take that protesters in Rome decry burloscony you know this story which
haven't hold it on to here a couple of days this story is from last to the 14th which is what they
did Saturday yeah yes and this is right about at the time I guess it was Friday that it was here
sucking up with George W burloscony here is one of the great crux this man makes Mussolini look
like the god damn Santa Claus like the two theory tens of thousands of protesters rallied in
central Rome on Saturday accusing conservative premier Sylvia burloscony of using political power
for his personal benefit and saying opposition parties were not doing enough about it and they are
absolutely correct the demonstration came as burloscony was in the US meeting with president Bush
possible military action in Iraq protesters gathered in Rome's piazza San Giovanni Saturday led by
filmmaker Nani Marretti the liberal movie director set up the rally to protest the government
bill that could help burloscony a media maggot who was Italy's richest man in a case of alleged
bribery the Italians who voted for burloscony were following a dream and they woke up at a
nightmare she told a pack crowd that way vanners flags and balloons quarter of a million people is
what they said the other day the controversial government bill would allow defendants to ask for
their trials to be an older move to another court if they have legitimate suspicion that judges
are biased against them burloscony is untrowled in the line for allegedly bribing judges in the 80s
and has long concluded that leftist prosecutors are unfairly targeting him so he keeps changing
the keep changing law for broadcast ownership he owns uh... rye he owns all these uh radio and tv
stations to make a long story short he's a fricking crook is what he is burloscony and this is a
second go round no less they never met a crook i guess that they didn't like in the lee where they
change prime ministers like you know like most you change your underwear every few months
pathetic speaking of pathetic fix for pedophile sites targeted the photos on websites
port not see i don't know about this maybe we're gonna have to like outlaw this years catalog too
the photos on the websites portray no nudity and no sex yet men by the thousands paid
a ogolum shots of preteen girls posing in bikinis and halter tops defended as free speech by
some such pictures are being blessed as a fix for pedophiles by a congressman who is waging an uphill
campaign to vanish them from the internet representative mark fully a florida republican he says
the pool of photos is growing at an unabated pace fully is author to build on before they house
judiciary committee intended to shut down the websites by outlawing exploitive child modeling
don't you think we'll have to outlaw the assures catalog right now pennies
even he concedes however that the measure has potential loopholes and anti-sensorship groups
they would likely be struck down as an unconstitutional infringement of free expression it's doomed
from the starts of gerry daniels of the national coalition against censorship at florida based
we be webcorp or i love that we be webcorp which runs one of the largest networks of child modeling
sites co-founder mark reenberg says he can vouch for the motives of his customers but he insisted no
child featured on his site is suffered any physical harm if i said pedophiles are definitely not
looking at these sites that would be a crock reenberg said by phone in his four-larter day office
but the majority of people looking at them are not bad people if it's within the law and people want
to do it it's more power to them it's like if somebody's watching god damn reruns of of flipper
and sandies on air running around with naked you get a file yeah i'm not talking about when he was
like 12 years old i'm talking about you know a little later on there he was 13 and a half
hey nothing wrong with Luke kelp and man back in those days and now of course he's a grizzled old
he's almost as old as i am for christ's sakes we love you Luke but don't send any pictures please
i mean you know we're we're how far do you carry that everything has got to be censored
i'd like to see this tom fully i'm not tom but that wasn't a mark fully i'd like to see him in europe
for about five minutes watching the tv this stuff that just comes over the tv i'm not even talking
about cable or satellite i'm talking about over the air stuff let's look through his family photo
well to see if he has any kids where he addressed how about how about pictures of kids in bathing suits huh uh-oh
uh-oh you know it's one thing they're like uh nail people that really deserve it or really
using a molesting kid it's another thing to smell a petafol under every god damn rock
you checked any rocks lately also picking a rock sorry doctor well our doctor and Rochester used
to be doctor Joe rock i've talked about that you know the one i used to come to the house with
little black sack you know make them come and see if you if you would have had that you'd have
called up doctor rocky to come right to the house in the morning fix you up with some anti-biotis you
to felt better by noon cream not any more but not anymore because first of all he was like a GP
you know family now we got a doctor for your little finger for your nuts for your ass for your
uh-right uh-boob yeah specialists hey if you love your home but you need more space here's the
answer for how you sell that problem do hundreds of other people are doing smart people they call
strictly editions whether you're having a baby in another room if you're converting a car
porter patty when living space or maybe you're going into business for yourself and you want to
make a home office all you have to do is make one easy phone call to strictly editions there you're
one stop shop more space for your place place with an absolutely worry for your purchase expanded
your living space those no shows by the contractors will not happen incomplete work no way Jose no
unexpected bills no worries about the job not getting done right and they take care of every
single stick in last detail they drop your blueprints they get to building permits handle all the
inspections for you strictly editions has got that easy five step approach to total customer
satisfaction number one they call the schedule a free project evaluation appointment at your home
where project estimator will determine the scope of your addition to what you'd like to do number
two schedule a bid appointment in their convenience room where you'll get a detailed proposal and an
exact price for the work number three select your finishing touches then go to contract number four
review this on architectural drugs and then five sit back and relax and just take a take a deep breath
as your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality it's a piece of cake cost
for traditions today look for the rad in the yellow pages are called nine five four seven nine one eighty
one hundred that's nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred their license and insured
professionals who do sensational work for you tell me what you'll put it to call strictly editions nine
five four seven nine one eighty one hundred why in local here's for sure you five sixty two
eight two eight eight maybe come play with these two
five sixty w q a m presents the opi and Anthony show with Mohawar David this is opi and I'm
there wait a minute it's me with a low voice oh yeah you got the affected boy okay
hi Anthony yeah hi hoppy and let's not forget our old pal Mohawar David
that yeah I was wondering how long it would take for you to punch the girl around for me
well yeah really at the big time huh here I am with the opi on Anthony
hey mo what take off your pants yeah we're gonna rape you now you gotta be kidding me
this is a fairly show wrong this is the golpe on Anthony show now come on
let's try I put you guys only did that and took yeah hey get your head out of it get out of it
get up and sit there that's my don't touch my delicate of tender
why does everybody want to rape me why cuz we think it's funny that's why yeah you got a nice
back I got loose for you Kelly I'm still spry why I ought to mobilize you oh I got a
sand styled opi want the red ball and after this all right my open wide for chunky let's
sing that together now shall we open my for chunky okay
use your lips
don't sit up I said no okay ready for some speed evil love
you're not the boss I mean I really tell you
that's a big guy now no I'm for the camp we have to get
out there take it away no what you're just gonna leave me here
I will be right back on 560 hmm I feel so you okay 1259 and 560 QA I'm just
time to look at the poll result we asked today who do you believe which one what's it is do you
believe regarding the fake terror threat on alligator rally last Friday all the big simmiss
unistone and I storage a lady who never stole a freight train and certainly wouldn't
embellish a story like that all she was doing was eat your strawberry and punky pie at the
shoneys mine and somebody else's business anyway unist 203 65 percent believe unist they
three muslim medical students who are making arounds and every TV show that's been invented
and some to have them and yet 153 35 percent
unbelievable okay we got the now what are we gonna do about new 11 to 1 tomorrow play bits right
I think we'll take it under very serious
