So, glory please!
This is South Florida's only sauceie game, WQAM, Miami Fort Lauderdale, a reason for this.
MWQAM.com
That was a great day, man.
Over out the moon, man.
Get away and feel the release.
Smell the fresh sea air.
Take in the unparalleled experience of Cuban Raphting on Big Laddock.
It's like a vacation, away from your troubles, your life back home.
You're the skipper on a journey to a better place.
The only thing between you and your destination is whenever nature has planned for you that day.
Unpredictable.
Proud taking.
Life threatening.
Cuban Raphting on Big Laddock.
Roll your way to something better.
Roll faster.
No faster.
Here come the sharks.
You got to roll much faster than that.
Roll damn it.
Painful brother, you West Navy.
Alright, 902 at 560, WQAM.
MWAMO was really on a tear this morning, weren't you?
Talking about the immigration.
Somebody ought to give him like a primer, a little less than I want to say this is all about.
He's only been here a few months in all fairness.
He hasn't got a clue what it's all about.
What we've been through, he don't have no clue.
Well, he'll be here long enough.
Well, maybe.
It's time to get it on.
You said it, baby.
Time to get it on.
Let's get some more Haitians in here.
What do you say?
No.
Enough.
See, I know that I'm back here because you turn on your TV, say that on every goddamn channel including the talking head channels.
There's a bunch of Haitians running all over Cuba's game.
You pick a great spot to show up on too, by the way.
I don't want to break the news to you guys, but you're not allowed on Cuba's game.
Okay, you better get it straight.
Come up on Sure Someplace else.
Preferably much further south would be good.
Huh?
Like where?
What is south?
Like on South Beach would be good.
Party time.
That would be good.
Anyway, we'll get it all of that I'm sure.
And I heard all those very articulate calls this morning driving to work, including many people have no idea what they're talking about.
But it kind of fit in.
Man, did we have a response yesterday from the gun nuts?
Not just our usual nuts.
The gun nuts invaded our pool.
Because the...
What do they call it?
It's the NRA did-ohead chain, a daisy chain.
That's what it's called.
The daisy chain got going.
And as soon as these paranoid assholes discovered that we were taking a pool, anything to do with guns,
we had 80 billion people who never even heard this show who wouldn't know me from goddamn Adam.
All of a sudden they're on there.
We got 2,310 votes.
Let's hear it!
And some of them are even real.
But see, this couldn't...
I knew this couldn't be the work once I saw getting so out of control.
It couldn't be the work of our usual long heads who have no life.
This was the right wing daisy chain.
1,600, what's our question was, what's your take on guns in the US?
What's your take?
1,600, and don't ever have the second amendment of my gun.
God damn it!
1,600, and 69.3%.
Anybody believe it?
No.
In fact, they were in second place.
So, just in second during the...
Most of the show until the word got out of the daisy chain.
Oh, we better vote as if this pool on this stupid radio show is going to change the law.
It's just a pool, just for fun.
There is no fun when you're taking away my gun.
Okay, son, got it?
Anyway, 1,600, don't ever have my second amendment with my gun.
It's too late, gun nuts run the country.
345 of you said that.
Too many gun loving redneck 174 said that.
Well, that's certainly a point.
No private citizen should have handguns 82.
Only police should have guns 77.
And only police and hunters should have guns 30.
2,310 votes.
Man, we had more hits on air than you can even imagine.
Then they're going down at OJ's house.
You imagine all the hits going on over there?
Anyway.
So, I talked to Eric yesterday, and he says we ought to be doing a best in the LCD every six months.
See, Eric isn't like some of the lazy people we have around here which I don't want to mention George and Miguel by name.
Also, PD Lenny, I don't see no champion light.
See, this last one, last half a bottle there.
So, I'm going to start bringing my own stuff in here.
This sales department, man, I'll tell you.
They are. They went to Vegas for a few days and right away, wow, you know, we're back here.
We're not going to do nothing.
He's busy doing his red roughened sore spots.
He can't be bothered to bring him into the champion light.
Well, when you deal with neurotic sales people don't, don't ask. Just bring your own crap in.
So, anyway, Eric says he will do one every six months.
See, because now that it's on the website there like that, it can just stay on.
I wouldn't have to have like any deadline.
I'd like to raise a lot more money for abandoned pet rescue.
It's a good charity. We raised plenty of cash from last year.
And I say let's do it again.
Carlos says no problem.
No problem.
No problem.
And then as far as Miguel is concerned who obviously is so lazy, he don't want to get involved.
He don't have to be involved.
Because we can just have a bunch of impressed and we'll send a supply down here.
And when he goes out on his other appearances with a van, he can have a few of them with him.
Right?
Exactly.
You don't have to go out special for us because obviously he don't want to be bothered doing that.
Because, you know, we're small potatoes compared to those important things he does.
And also we can put him in like at both pizza lot locations.
And where there's a will, there's a way.
I'm not going to take that lazy way out like George and Miguel.
Maybe they're doing something together.
I don't know. Wouldn't surprise me.
Wouldn't surprise me at all.
Also we got another little crisis before we talk about Haitians.
Oh, bad news boys and girls. Very bad news.
First of all, small village.
I thought it was pretty weak.
I'm so tired about John and Martha Kent, you know, the Schleppers.
And they haven't got any money.
And she has to get grandpa with a check.
I don't know.
You know, if you had a kid like that that can like do anything.
He could like rob a bag. Okay. We all want to be honest.
He could rob the mac in the middle of the night.
Nobody would even know it. You know what I'm saying?
Nobody would know it. A couple of million. That's all they need.
They don't have to be greedy.
We don't even miss it.
He can go around like do, you know, he's so fast.
He could like, you know, at the 7-eleven.
He didn't have to do like a hold-up or an armed robbery.
He can just go into whizzing there. So fat.
What happened?
Money's all gone. But who now was that?
I have no idea. It's just all gone.
Just to take care of business.
Not to have like be rich, but just to take care of the farm
and poor John and Martha, who seem to be rather inept at life.
Although she does make a mean muffin.
So anyway, this and the one next week looks like now you didn't see it obviously last night
because you don't watch small bill, but that's okay.
But the one, the preview for the one next week is a must watch for next Tuesday night.
Man, heavy duty is they just seem to all discover about his secret
and some woman comes along who claims to be Clark's real mother
and they order a DNA test and oh my god.
Woo! Heavy duty on smallville.
Oh my god.
Next Tuesday, right?
But this is some of the worst news I've ever seen.
Even worse than people washing up on the shore.
I wish I had Mr. Acro-Bilk, which most of you aren't old enough to remember that song.
Strangers on the shore?
No. It was an instrumental, Mr. Acro-Bilk.
I bet your vulca brans got it somewhere.
I love to have that.
I'm not making fun of people who are desperate,
but you know something?
There's about a two, three billion people in the world who would say that they're desperate.
Too many refugees, man.
Too many refugees.
Let's take care of America first and then of course our Cuban friends
because they got the political clout.
Which you hasten people.
Why don't you understand it?
You got no clout.
When in doubt, you'd better get some clout.
Because otherwise you're out.
That's why it works.
You're straight back where you'd be coming from.
I didn't like that scene yesterday at all.
It was too chaotic.
And the worst part of it is this morning they're saying,
over the Coast Guard was tracking that ship all the way from Haiti.
They knew they were coming.
I saw it.
So rather than having an interdiction at sea,
which of course can get a little sloppy when people start falling overboard and drowning,
instead of doing that, they let them come here.
What's that all about?
And we're protecting our borders?
Who knows who might have been on that goddamn boat?
I'm at Leaky Vessel.
So anyway, here's the worst news in the history of my life.
Man, talk about depressing.
It was just a matter of time.
Brittany and Justin, so over, long live Jessica and Nick, it says.
Oh, no.
The happy ending that never was from his fears and Mr. Tinkerbell came true
for pop star counterparts.
Jessica Simpson and Nicolas Shea Wednesdays,
a wed Sunday in her native Texas reports E online.
Simpson's record label, Sony, confirmed the nuptials.
Oh, geez.
The merger between Simpson and the irresistible bubblegum babe and La Shea,
the 98-degree boy bander, occurred at a chapel near Austin with a report of 350 guests.
I wonder if I had to pay their own way like to Joe Castello's wedding.
Simpson wore white, a logical fashion choice for the pop world's most famous self-proclaimed virgin
since the pre-Python spears.
Saving myself for marriage just was always something that was just a part of me in my life.
And I was shocked that it was like on a cover of newspapers and magazines.
And there was such a great deal she told Craig Kilborn on the CBS's late late show in September.
She couldn't believe that it was amazing that somebody like 48 years old, whatever hell she is, was saving it for marriage.
So that's a real sad news.
Okay, I'm going to take me a while to get over that.
To come to grips with that whole deal.
Nine minutes after 10, we got a good Haitian pool today.
Naturally, because that's what everybody's talking about.
We don't care about ball games today and crap like that and stupid ass hockey games.
We care about Haitians.
That's what we care about.
We care about people washing up on the shores.
And then of course with the election next Tuesday, what a fortuitous period of time I chose to be here, you know?
Illegal aliens washing up on shore in large numbers over 200 of them.
And then the election, which will probably be boxed again next Tuesday, a great time to be here briefly.
20 and you notice how fast the pool stopped as soon as I read it.
As soon as I read it, that was the end of that.
Nice.
We're going to get our way.
You bastard.
Okay, great, great.
Go out and squeeze off of you.
Okay.
Man, maniacs.
Ten past nine.
That was Carlos to say you're all maniacs.
Ten past nine at five sixty WQM.
Let me tell you right now.
There's never been a better or smarter time to buy you a new home or refinance your existing home.
How about a rate of only 3.95 percent?
That's correct.
Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95 percent.
All you have to do is call financial group with their toll free number 1-800-940-LND.
That's 1-800-940-5363.
The money you're going to save is absolutely unbelievable.
Incredible.
It is...
Like I said, think about it.
You can get yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan for only 450 bucks a month or a 200-thousand dollar loan for only 950 bucks a month.
The process is simple and you'll save thousands of dollars each year.
Just call our good pizons at financial group at 1-800-940-LND.
There's never been a better or smarter time to get you a low interest rate no matter what the mad dog tells you.
Call financial group you be on a way to big savings.
Yeah, notice he's taking shots and everybody else's sponsor is now.
Hey, you're getting a little bit too big for that uniform, okay?
Pretty soon it's going to be number 8888.
Financial group is an equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions do apply and don't forget rates of something to change if you wait too long.
So call them now 1-800-940-LND.
That's 1-800-940-5363.
I'm high and low.
This is 420-560.
You can weigh in.
Now I pick the bad date of quitsniff and glue.
Yes.
Ah.
Sing my song.
But you're not looking at my mouth.
You stare so long.
It's something that say this for themselves.
And it's not my base.
We're both your eyes going looking.
Right under my clothes is my biggest answer.
Underneath my clothes there's a great thing booty.
Bigger than J-Lo's is my huge but too big.
And that is why I know but it cares.
And I sing so bring in funny.
Underneath my clothes there's a great thing.
I need when I strike a pose.
It's anything but tiny so nobody knows his answer.
And I sing so bring in funny.
And I sing so bring in funny.
She's quick on it.
She's great.
It's 914-560 WDQ-I-M.
So anyway today being Wednesday almost forgot.
You know what we got new to one today.
I didn't really almost forget.
I woke up and said it's Wednesday and I said thank the Lord.
We got a big hump day today.
New to one comedy bits.
Great.
Excellent.
Here's a fact that's it.
Oh I also thanks I don't know if that says Jackie or Ricky or I don't know what that says.
Bad writing but anyway great article by Woody Hurlston in the Guardian.
Thank you very much but I already read this on the year last week.
It's very long and I already read it on the year about woodman and woody and woody and woodman and etc.
Thank you very much though for wasting your five pages of fact.
I mean for sending you that.
No the intentions were good.
They can't listen every minute every day.
God damn it which is unfortunate.
Here's our pull question today before we get any further.
I don't want to do around with a lot of uh.
Got too much stuff here and also yesterday and it's your fault Carlos.
I'll blame you yesterday was Tuesday.
I forgot tabloid Tuesday.
I didn't know any of my tabloid and you want to know why I couldn't have done anyway because I didn't get the tabloids.
I went over to Walgreens last night.
I noticed Marcy wasn't working but I went over to Walgreens and picked up all the tabloids.
I got a rubber Blake exclusive.
John Vene exclusive.
Another one about her handwriting matches.
Gay leading men.
Oh just all kinds of heavy duty stuff little later on.
So it's going to be a pressure pack.
Can you smell it?
Pressure pack Wednesday.
Where is everybody by the way?
Where's clearance?
Where's a month?
Where's that rating book that was supposed to come in yesterday that never showed up?
Where's my champion light?
I think we're all alone in here today.
I think they must be out there concerning with a moment.
Here's the pull.
Where the hell is it?
Do I have a pull?
I got one here somewhere.
Oh here it is.
What's your take on the 200 plus Haitians who made it here Tuesday?
What's your take?
I got one, two, three, four, five choices for you.
What's your take?
They should be sent back immediately.
They should all and I faxed this over at Eric so just relax Carlos.
Everything's under control.
They should be allowed to stay.
They should be allowed to apply for political asylum.
Only Cuban should be allowed to stay when they reach the US.
Or no more refugees.
Close the gates with three exclamation points.
Close the gates.
I won't tell you how I'm going to vote.
Close the gates.
I'm sorry.
Anyway, you see we got this.
There's something like I said before.
Cubans have political clout.
They got the 14 different D.S. ballards and they got the Ileana Grossa Rosanna Dana
and all these other clowns in there.
They got political clout baby.
They got Romando Gutiara's with his big fat puppet and they got all these guys.
The Haitians on the other hand, they got a couple of flunky lawyers and that's it.
No political clout.
In addition to which when anybody comes here under those circumstances,
you can't just be running off into the woods like that because
when you come from a society like,
and I'm not in Haiti but the fact of the matter is poverty is rampant there and filth and squalor.
And so there are a lot of people there with disease.
You know, like all time diseases that we felt we got rid of a few years ago,
like tuberculosis just as an example.
And to have these people kind of run and lose their through Kiva's skin as desperate as they are
is a little bit unsettling.
You know, to anybody with a half a brain,
this ain't the way that immigration is supposed to work.
That's just not the way it's supposed to be done.
And especially at a time when we're supposed to be so careful about who's coming in here,
we're so cautious about protecting our borders because we got terrorists looking to what do us evil doers.
And the Coast Guard was, was they were plotting the course of this ship
and they knew it was coming all the way, every inch of the way.
And they did nothing until they just about got here
and then they all jumped out which was showing for the eight minute time again on there with Miss Mark Potter.
She's all whipped up to a frenzy.
And there they are jumping into that pickup truck.
Hey, surprise!
New cargo for you baby.
Man, that must have been a little bit gamey, you know.
What's your take on the 200 plus Haitians who made it here Tuesday?
They should be sent back immediately.
They should all be allowed to stay.
They should be allowed to apply for a political asylum.
Only Cubans should be allowed to stay when they reach the US.
Let's hear it for those Cubans, goddamnit!
They've taken over so let's be subservient.
Let's suck up to our Cuban friends if we have any.
Besides Carlos.
No more refugees close the gates as the last choice.
Let's see, let me vote on the thing here.
Of course it's a tough choice for me.
Let's see, what is it? No more refugees?
Okay.
Here's the fact that says,
Taught of the Day.
Haitians Haitians everywhere.
Did anybody tell the Haitians that they jumped into the dirtiest water filled with human and animal waste?
Equal Schmidt, not fit for human swimmers?
I guess nobody told them that and probably they're familiar with that based on the conditions back where they live.
That's could only be an improvement.
Do you remember Ricken said, instrumental man? No, I do not.
They would talk about rock and roll songs.
Tuments like that they'd pick up the phone and hear the song.
Bring back Ricken's suds in the bird. No more moose as this...
Faxor.
How do you like that? No more moose?
It's time to get it off.
You better get with it mister. Don't be knocking moan.
Next you'll be knocking the Cubans too, okay?
Don't be stepping on our buddies.
Refugees arrival, rekindles debate on Haiti policy it says here.
And then I heard Mo go on this morning about, oh these people are scared of death.
They're scared for their lives as wide they live.
They're not scared for their lives.
They're economic refugees man.
They're refugees economic. It's got nothing to do with politics.
These people aren't scared for their lives.
Just like all those people that come and slip in here from Latin America because the Pope keeps making all them
Schleppers make eight and ten and fifteen babies and they got no work for those people.
They're not poured across the border because they're political refugees.
They're economic refugees.
And at a time when we got this high unemployment now,
when we got all these people working for peanuts on top of that,
who don't even show up at the unemployment numbers.
Like Carlos, we can't even get paid.
When we got that kind of a situation,
this business about just continuing to live this unregulated flow of people coming here,
can't do it baby. I told you this 25 years ago.
The end is full.
No room at the end.
Unless it's the Virgin Mary and Joseph, that's it.
Nobody else.
Put a lot of lid on it for like five years.
And let's start taking care of our own people.
Let's build up from within and settle like continuing to weaken ourselves,
which is what we do the best.
If we really are so serious about protecting the integrity of the borders of this country,
which has always been a big joke,
it's always been a big grandstand BS bunch of crap.
So the poll is up.
And of course, let's face it,
the Cuban's also most of them are not political refugees.
I mean, this business about Fidel, he's bad and communism is bad.
We understand that, but they're economic refugees.
They lost everything they had.
The ones, of course, those people all came here in the 60s.
Those are already came over here.
Because the ones who are there right now most have never had anything in the first place,
which is why they desperate to come over here so they can at least get a happy meal.
Because once, Ali Ann and Daddy told them about that happy meal, they want it.
If McDonald's would just start building, see that's the other thing.
If Bush would stop pandering to all the Cubans out there,
you're going to vote for him anyway.
If they would go along with Congress, which is not overwhelmingly says,
let's get rid of this damn embargo.
Okay, it didn't work for 43 years.
Let's open things up a little bit because it worked in other places.
And let's export some of our poison over there, like McDonald's and Burger King.
There you go.
And then everybody can get their own happy meal.
And they'll stop schlepping on goddamn rubber wraps and come in here.
And moving into goddamn plantation.
Boy, I'll tell you, it's just a...
And you know, it's just the way it is.
This is what it is.
This is just what it is.
Look at those phones that are smoking, aren't they?
Not.
I guess they all got another system calling more about the Haitian refugees.
You just can't stay.
That's all there is to it.
Okay, you cannot stay here.
You got to go back.
No, they're not.
They're not the seeking political asylum.
And I think they should give them real quick hearings, like about 20-30 seconds.
And that's about it.
And put them all on a boat, feed them.
They give them water.
And whatever they had yesterday is better than whatever they eaten over there.
I'll tell you that.
And also, before they go back, you're so into baseballs too tight.
You're so into...
No, that's why we get like 65 and 70 home runs from these guys.
And Barry Barnes is 100 years old.
He's sitting like 72 home runs.
They're so into baseballs too.
They're like golf balls now, guys.
Get it right.
Maybe if you get it right, we'll let you come back.
Couple of you.
But so the baseballs right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And for Ryzen Lone, I got a great thanks here too when I came in today.
And excellent thanks, which I'll get to.
And a couple of good articles.
Marine Dad's got another good column of some of my bedtime stories.
You know, pure articles on audio.
Not too much of that though anymore.
We want to get some heavy-duty phone response here.
Look at that.
We're not getting it.
WBDQIM.
Morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did anybody ever tell you why they call them Haitians?
WDQIM.
QIM.
Nobody there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
See, I thought I would take like a couple of segments here and hear what these people have to say about it.
But evidently, as you're looking at 46 votes all of their already, no more raftingies closed the gates.
27 of us said that.
Oh, did I say that of us?
They should be sent back immediately, eight.
They should be allowed to apply for political asylum, seven.
Only Cubans should be allowed to stay when they reach US three when those people were.
And they should be allowed to stay one.
One.
That was probably, what the hell's that guy named Attorney's name?
Not the one they had on yesterday.
They don't want the professional, uh, what the hell's that Attorney's name?
He used to defend the Haitians all the time.
But out of the news for a long time.
Now it's Kendall coffees on there, like every five minutes.
He's on there for this.
He's on there for that.
Kendall coffees.
Not the professional media hound.
Oh, every two minutes he's on.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Kendall coffees the one that fit that strip right in the butt.
Yeah, that's right.
Did you remember that?
That's the attorney you're looking for.
Her last name is little.
No, no, no, this was a guy.
No.
Hey, it's not just Haitians.
It's it's everybody migrating the South Florida to make it a big toilet.
It's not not just that group of people, but I agree.
They need to go back.
Of course.
And then right on the, the economy here in South Florida.
And having you ask yourself why the Coast Guard didn't
interdict this voted C and turn it around?
That's a good question.
I hadn't heard that before, but if they knew that and allowed them,
it didn't set up for the police and they're septic people.
That's ridiculous.
And then of course to be scattered, we're going to cause weight there and keep it
skin and run it all over the place.
That's a wonderful way to have immigration policy run it.
It's just unbelievable the way it works here in South Florida.
But I agree.
If these were the Cubans that already be processed and be relieved.
What do you mean processed?
They already have a guy named 57 Chevy and all drivers license.
What are you talking about, man?
You better get with it, sir.
You better understand where you are.
Yeah, it's just one big toilet.
It's actually depressing.
I asked the cameo, Venus.
All right, Neil.
I'll still wait.
Hey, listen, I know where I am.
I can play the game here for a few days while I'm here.
And I get there a lot of here real fast.
Oh boy, this guy's right.
He hit it right on the old head.
WDQIM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
No more, sir.
This is the asshole woman that calls the case.
No, he listens frequently.
Oh, yes, me.
The God damn goat.
No more red for weed.
And if we're going to have red for weed, how about some Incas?
Incas?
Incas, Incas, Incas, you?
Yes.
Okay.
Okay, bye.
She sounded like her guy, but she's got a horse, a rascal.
Boy, she probably smokes and drinks a lot, which means she's her kind of gal.
No, guys like women that smoke and drink a lot.
Five-six, especially the drinking part.
Five-six, seven-oh-five-sixty, pound-five-sixty on.
That's what George says.
He used to work with his wife, not anymore.
Not anymore.
Can't loosen her up for her lover money.
And of course, since there ain't no love or money in it, WDQIM.
Lead me to the cats.
No.
Now, see, there's another guy.
It's not that time, and it's not lunchtime, pal.
Just relax.
There's a guy talking Haitian cuisine already.
Although, like I said, I'm sure that whatever they fed them, they give them a little bottle of water.
Maybe a couple of big Macs.
Because they were well-aid been on it's sea for like eight days, it said.
What did it say in here? Eight days?
Whatever the hell it says.
Yeah, eight days at sea.
There, I already got the Pompato Park copy. I'm way ahead of you.
He already faxed it to me. So I'm way ahead of you, Troy.
And I haven't even got to rip in your buddy, Earing Troy yet, but I will.
Oh, yeah, Earing Troy wants to cut the beast off.
I didn't mention that yet.
I'm balanced for life.
And we're going to run a campaign here on here to make sure the beast is lost 58 pounds.
See, this isn't just money, Troy.
Troy with earrings.
This is like saving somebody's life, making you look like a real,
and quick-bring in food to George. He's not a diet.
A little freeload in the spec. He don't need your food.
Bring it to the beast.
Don't cut the man off. That's unconscionable.
Well, we've used him as much as we can.
He's run as usefulness out.
So let's just cut the fat sucker off.
Nasty.
Nasty. I mean, talk about exploitation.
Hey, you're being exploited again, beast.
And I want you to know I'm going to back for you.
Because I'm pretty proud of a guy who lost 58 pounds and looks almost human.
I mean, he's running a virgin crack into 60 pound mark, huh?
What are you laughing about? It's true. He's a silly, still a fat slough,
but he's doing a lot better.
I didn't know when he was that fat.
I didn't know when he was at his full concert.
He was 284. He looked like a human bowling ball.
He looked like a schmoo.
He had no edges, just a round, waddling thing.
And now he's almost got the finable body parts.
Well, he's five foot four, you know?
So 226 is still fairly hefty.
So Troy over there with your double earrings, you better cut the craft, mister.
I'm going to start getting really porked off and tell him the truth about that baba ganoush.
27 after 9 and 5 60 WQM.
Let me tell you about Dalmatr.
Here's the truth about Miguel.
Have we seen Miguel with any of that stuff the champion light? No.
Is he helping us with our best of the I just mentioned? No.
See him and George, the two of them together, they're conspiring against this show.
So I want to apologize to Moe, because you should have got George fired.
You're right.
Anyway, recently our friends at Dalmatr set up the lovely Miguel with a new bed.
And he's loving it. He's screwing his brains out in it.
Man, in fact, that's why we don't see him anymore. He can't even walk.
The folks at Dalmatr did exactly what they promised. No BS, no excuses.
No bait and swish just a comfortable relaxing nights sleep for Miguel.
Night after night after night and he continues doing it.
When the crew from Dalmatr is gone to his home, they took away the crappy smelly old mattress.
Which you can only imagine what that thing must have been like.
And they set up the brand new one. Don't be tempted by stores going out of business
who can't deliver you a great new mattress.
Now through the end of the month, which means today and tomorrow.
I mean, it's not a big deal. You know, what it should do is inspire you to get on the phone right now.
You can get your delivery from Dalmatr is free.
That's true the end of the month. But again, it's today and tomorrow.
The last two days, obviously. You can get a free delivery from Dalmatr is just in two hours from when you call.
Or in any given to our window, you provided what's convenient for you depending on where you live.
Don't forget limited time delivery is free.
So sleep like a baby like me and Miguel be doing. Call one. That's what it says here like me and Miguel.
1-800- Well, so there are literate back there. 1-800- mattress. 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S for Dalmatr is
brand-name beds for busy and for lazy people too.
2-800- My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my
my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my love Chief,
He will to do his plan anymore.
Hmm.
Oh.
But I can still wave, fist and plume it.
Raw, raw, sis, moon ball.
Hold them back. Hold them back.
Hold them back.
Yeah.
Moush.
Oh.
Oh, that takes me back.
This message paid for by corporate media giants
who brainwash your stupid ass.
He sure swings the main pom-pom that try to tell you.
933 at 568.
No Trent Green.
No, I'll do your day.
I recurse, man.
That's the name I was trying to think of.
What are you nodding your head?
You don't know who that is.
No, I recurse, man, was the little, he's shorter than you.
About a two-foot tall, midget lawyer who always was defending
the Haitians.
And I'm not knocking him.
I mean, he was, you know, he just had a cause
and he had a good point.
But I guess he's small potatoes or maybe he's not around
anymore and or maybe Kendall coffee is just too much of a
media whore and he's on there all the time now.
We don't see poor Ira.
Let's see Ira, Curse, man.
What do you say?
No.
W-Q-A-M.
Q-A-M.
Hello?
Hey, hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, male.
Yeah.
I've been listening to you for a long time.
I can't believe what you said.
My point is, you know, I allowed these people to go to
a court.
You know, although I'm from Haiti, the policy is wrong.
As soon as the court is on the gutting, they should
let them face.
Say what?
Yes, you say that if you say that, I'll let them back.
Okay.
He said you should send them all back.
That's my translation, okay?
He had a bad connection, okay?
It's not that he can't speak English.
He's, I wonder where he was from.
I didn't really want to ask.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, come on.
What do you folks out there say?
We got a lot of calls on here, but I want to see a
little emotion from these people down here.
What are we going to do, finally?
We're going to finally put an end to all this crap, this
insanity that goes on here or just are you so used to
what you don't care anymore?
You care?
No.
I'm getting out of here.
104 votes already.
Holy cow.
And these are at the NRA crowd either.
You see because now.
Oh, you know, see, Ira, you're stealing my material.
I wrote that on the facts that I sent him today's illegal
alien.
He read E L I A N on any crosses it out alien pool.
What's your take on the 200 plus Haitians who made it
here Tuesday?
Is that what it says and yours to on the real cute Eric?
You're going to have a whole bunch of people on the road to
Orlando.
I'll guarantee you that no more refugees close to gate 60 of us
said that 57.6% said enough already.
Jesus God and Joseph.
They should be sent back immediately 18.
They should be allowed to apply for political asylum 16.
They should be allowed to stay six and only Cubans should be
allowed to stay when they reach the US for because they should
bring in a mean cigar.
You have to bring a sense of it.
I'm great cigars.
I'll even smoke one here in the studio.
We don't have any more cigars, which I quit smoking cigars.
Well, my mother says to me at lunch yesterday.
She says being because I was talking about voting, which he will
next Tuesday for Bill McBride three or four times.
But she said, well, you know, being a radio talk host,
you're really supposed to be impartial, aren't you?
So my mother obviously whom I'm sure is listening right now.
She really gets it.
I'm supposed to ask a deal like Rush Limbaugh.
I'm supposed to be impartial.
Get with it, mom.
Just go get the child.
WQ I am.
Any else?
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
I listen to me.
I really feel bad to these people, but I got to tell you this.
I used to work in a hospital in a doctor's office.
Uh-huh.
And you're not going to take a shot at Haitians.
No, worry.
I just want to make a point.
Okay, go ahead.
When I used to work at these medical facilities,
I would say that more than 60% of these Haitians
who used to come in were all on government subsidies.
I mean, they didn't have to pay a penny for, you know,
medical assistance or any kind of test.
When I used to go to the doctor, it was all free.
And here I am, bust of my butt to try to, you know,
pay for my medical insurance from me and my family.
It just doesn't seem fair.
I mean, it seems like, you know, they come here from these
third world countries and they tend to world.
Whatever it is.
And they expect that they expect a free hand.
But they're, but they're so in a mean baseball, man.
And they usually get it.
Yeah.
That's what that's what noise made.
Well, one thing I will say is that they take a lot of the jobs
that even the dark folks, the African Americans won't take
into the ones that pay like 80 cents an hour illegal.
No, David, they do that, but I'll, I'll, okay, but I'm telling you.
I'm not, I'm not saying they should stay here.
You can't just open up your doors and say anybody.
Just let's have a swimathon across the Atlantic.
I'll wrap up the Caribbean because it's mostly from the south of us
where they're all coming in.
Because they're all shleppers.
That's why they're coming here.
Right.
We would hold high.
Say, let's take care of our own shleppers first.
Then we'll worry about everybody else.
Yeah.
Take care of me first.
Right.
That's right.
That's right.
Amen.
Okay.
I'll see you.
He was starting to get a little, you know, but look.
The fact of the matter is he's right.
We can't be the Godfather of the whole universe because we got
billions and billions and billions.
We got to take care of for all Bush and friends, you know,
in the military industrial complex, trillions.
And we can't afford to be taken care of every destitute,
desperate, a schmuck from all over the face of the globe.
And I'll say it again.
Of course, this, uh, contrary to the popular thinking of Washington
today with this bunch, forced sterilization, baby,
forced sterilization and birth control.
That's with an F B I R F, birth control.
Call up chief, Lucy Moose and see what he has to say about that.
That's what we need birth control, man.
All these unwanted babies all over Latin America.
Because the Pope was one of the biggest talk about evil
doers, man.
He's, he's right up there.
He's right up there with Osama and your mama.
Did I say your mama?
That's what I thought I said.
Causing all of these sluppers.
Oh, well, use the rhythm method.
You know, just standing in the backyard saying, I got rhythm.
You know, right.
Rhythm method, my ass.
Oh, sorry.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 out of AT&T and Verizon.
Yeah, my wireless line.
WQ I am.
Q will yes, sir.
Neil God.
Yes, Haitian request line.
Hey, you know what?
What?
They shipped them out from the Bahamas, man.
We don't need any more cop drivers.
We got plenty.
OK, thanks.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
From the Bahamas.
Yeah, my.
Well, that's a terrible place.
But the casinos here are just, you don't want to go to the Bahamas.
Trust me.
We have many people listen to the Bahamas.
Don't take it personally, but we don't like your place.
OK.
And we don't like the fact that you rip off all the Americans and that you,
your whole imperious attitude is almost as bad as the Jamecoons.
Raman bad, imperious.
We don't like that.
In fact, they got a new casino.
They're building there called the imperious palace.
WQ I am.
Hello, yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, long time.
Listen to their first time.
Excellent.
You know, I got to tell you something to be honest with you.
I agree with you.
I was doing a race in New York.
My parents are from Haiti.
And I can honestly tell you, well, my parents got here.
They busted their ass.
Right.
They busted their ass.
And to be honest with you.
They didn't just watch up.
I'm sure one damn sure.
No, they flew my parents are well educated.
I mean, and my father was an accountant in Haiti.
My mom was a teacher in Haiti.
My mom was a teacher now.
I mean, I'm a college graduate.
And I can tell you right now, I honestly, if they stay,
I mean, if the Cubans could stay, they should stay.
But if they have to go, it's about time the Cubans go.
It's about time they hit the road.
And you know what, I and I know that a lot of people out there
who father is on the green.
But I can tell you right now, if the Cubans could stay,
they should stay.
And if they have to go, the Cubans have to go.
No, the college is applauding it.
Hey, the Cubans is, if my thing is this,
the college will be next to you.
It's about time we take care of our home.
There you go.
There you are.
There you are.
Everybody, everybody accept us.
Get the hell out.
Hey, that's it.
I'm telling you.
Thanks a lot.
I'm close with floodgates.
Have a great day.
A year too.
153 votes, man.
They're pouring it on this pool today.
I knew they would because this is something
that really, really gets people rattled here and saw
for this incessant.
We're always the victim because of our geographical location
because of this hanging penicilla
that the troops down there into the Caribbean and the,
whatever.
We're always the victims.
And let me say this.
If you wanted to stay here, South Dakota is a nice place.
Wyoming Idaho plenty of wide open spaces up there.
The, the in is full in South Florida.
Hate to break the news here.
The in is full.
No, my, Thomas.
That's it.
153 votes.
What is your take on the 200 plus patients who made it
to shore yesterday, which we saw in channels 4 6 7 10 11 12,
whatever else.
CNN MSNBC Fox News, the anxious, fascist news network.
No more refugees close the gates 92 60% plus.
They should be sent back immediately 20 like now,
not like next week, not a week from suckers.
Now before the cat population starts to vanishing.
Now let's see that guy said that that was bad.
How many said that it's reloading 24 said that.
Oh, now we're over 61% of no more refugees.
They should be allowed to apply for political son 22.
They should be allowed to stay 8 only Cuban should be
allowed to stay when they reach the US 8 said that.
8 of you speak 8 of you well people said that.
We need a lot more Cubans knowing.
No, no.
How about some white ones for change 19.
I see that's just just a little comment there because
ordinarily and I see these people say it's race inside.
It's not it's partly race, but the only reason we left
the dark, complexed Cubans in is because they're out of
the same banner and the same law and the same politicians
go to bed for them because they're Cubans.
Although they would much prefer of course to have much
lighter complexed Cubans coming in like alien in his
dysfunctional family 942 at 560 WQM.
Let's face it you've been here about it for a long time
on this station.
That's right.
The facts are very easy if you have the dedication fast
train is going to provide you with all the necessary training
to become a certified computer professional get a real
career and make some real bucks.
According to time magazine demand for computer professionals
and will continue to explode.
There's no end back home insight.
The average student completes the training in just for
short months attending school 3 nights a week once you've
completed your certification fast train will assist you
in getting your new computer job fast train advice you to
come in and visit their train career counselor and determine
which track is ideal for you.
Call fast train tool free at 1 866 fast train to set up
an appointment.
How about narrow gas and licking downs with four convenient
locations you'll find fast train and Kendall Miami.
Pembroke Pines and four Lottardale so there's body one near
you.
How about Suffolk Downs.
Don't forget to ask the career counselor for listed students
like yourself who are currently in their dream jobs or
maybe finger lakes call fast train tool free at 1 866 fast train.
You know the guy that was doing the weather he does the
weather morning on CNN every every time we was talking about
the snow up north he mentioned this morning can and dig
when the York I heard to mention that three times what's wrong
with him is he crazy or what next he's going to be talking
about how it's same as and can and they go industries call
one 866 fast train or check them out in the web if you like
and get your ass on a road to a real career in the real fat
paycheck 866 fast train to the website is fast train dot com
five and a local this is five sixty three is all yours
you way
I'm going to land on the boy or not.
On the Gilgan zone's father of William meets with his attorney
in preparation to take his son back to Cuba.
Well Mr. Gonzales how was your trip.
Very good.
Thank you.
Do you have any questions before we go any further?
C C C this box with the pictures it's incredible what is this?
Oh that's a television.
Oh tell me Mr. Lawyer what does Waza mean?
A part on me.
Waza.
Oh well it means what's up like what's going on?
Waza.
Right it's a greeting.
Waza.
But now I know that you're uncomfortable being here this is
a very difficult time for you.
What is it?
This pizza hot stuffed crust pizza is incredible.
How do they get the much energy into the crust?
I'm not sure so as I was saying.
Yeah as I was saying we will try to make your stay here as comfortable as possible
and get you home as quickly as possible.
Bye bye bye.
Are you going somewhere sir?
No I'm listening to the new CD by the boy band in sync with my new Sony disc man.
It's incredible.
Yes Mr. Gonzalez they are quite incredible but we'll be meeting with the
just another play and you're game for two you must hate me but eat no lie.
Bye bye bye.
Oh God sir don't you want to get this over and get back to Cuba?
What do you loco?
I love it here.
There's like 300 channels on table and I can watch all the Yankee games.
What sir?
Mr. Roya?
What is it Mr. Gonzalez?
Where's our?
Bye bye bye.
Exactly 948 at 560 WQM.
Here's some nasty facts that's coming in not about me but about this episode we had yesterday.
People are a little bit rattled about this.
It says my business is in port de miirda in Miami.
That's what it says.
Talking about a site to see.
I don't think I want to read this to talk about little brown toy.
It is little my little brown coupe.
I might just play that bit but I don't want to do that.
Don't forget noon to 1 today we got comedy but it's to lighten things up a little bit and never could we have a better day for that.
Let's see here's one that says why do we punish the Haitian people by Tracy Kitter?
What a Kitter.
Love your show and heal from your Haitian brother.
Okay man.
I don't know what he's talking about.
I don't have time to read it.
Maybe during the next break.
Maybe during the next break.
Here's one that says just wanted to be first in line of emails and facts.
I wish you a great 60th birthday.
Oh yeah the cards are pouring in.
Man.
Didn't you see that?
The Carlos almost broke his back with that sack of birthday cards he brought in the next Tuesday.
I'll be 60 years old and I'm very proud of it.
That I made it this far because anybody any man my age who lies about his age.
I heard Mo this morning talking about oh this one just turned 57 and this one is yeah Bobby Vint in his 60 years.
How old are you Mo?
He's talking about everybody else's age.
How old is the Mo Mai's to?
That's what inquiring minds want to know.
Okay?
Because it's very very gay for a guy that aged to like be vain about his age you know.
Head or sexual guys ordinarily don't do that unless they're very very vain.
As in Veracose.
Let's see wish you a 60th I'll be a turn 45 this year and feel well 45 whatever that means.
I feel about 45.
I don't I don't feel old.
I also want to tell you I got a small dog with Jack Russell Terry a month ago and she's a real bitch.
Oh very sorry about oh it's PR Ralph.
Have a great birthday and remember just put your lips together make a wish and blow.
Okay Ralph I think I've been propositioned already this morning.
It's not even 10 o'clock.
Okay let's get your input here for a little while to where you want to get into some important stuff.
Let's pretend that we're really whipped up into a frenzy about this Haitian business.
How are the votes coming 207 already?
Incredible.
See this is the topic without the gun nuts infringing on our pool.
This is the topic that gets them foaming at them out because those of us who are left here and of course I'm going to.
Oh and by the way thanks very much to my good post friend kid Curry.
What the hell I do with it.
Oh there it is over there I stuck it in my sack.
You brought me an interview from a John Snyder from Smallville.
Yeah it's an interview thing with John Snyder and he said well maybe you want to have mine a show.
I said I don't want to have the you know John you still look really good John Snyder.
But of course the fact that he hasn't got two nickels to rub together he's just a schlep reader on the farm.
I don't want to bother with him.
He's small potatoes. I want the real thing.
That's the guy from chips.
Not from chips that Erica Strada he's the guy from from Duksa Hazard.
Right right right right right right.
But the blogger from chips.
No.
Right right right right.
No.
The blog guy from chips was a nerd.
John Snyder was the hot looking blog guy from Duksa Hazard.
You kidding me?
Man oh man back in his day about 70 or 80 years ago he looked really hot.
5670560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
WDQAM.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Yeah let's go on.
About yesterday I think there's a point that we're missing here.
Go right ahead.
About how it was handled by the authorities by the Coast Guard.
You know they worry about tightening up our airports, the security of our airports.
What all it takes is a patched up boat to get over here and to get that close.
I'll tell you those people that were on that cause away.
If it had been anybody else I mean if it wasn't the Haitians just think I mean if it was my wife and my kids in the cause they were pounding on the windows trying to get into these cars.
Come on.
What's going on here?
Somebody's got to get in trouble for this.
How that was handled.
Like you said how they let it get back close.
How did they let them get here and wind up on shore because they know that as soon as they get on shore now we've got all sorts of other problems we have to deal with.
The formal being.
Formals being the ones that got away that we have no idea where they are and what diseases they're carrying if any and what it's all about.
What they're up to.
Well I mean how soon we forget September 11th you know how you get to get a court you know let's just ridiculous.
I mean some of the governor is going to be saying about it huh.
Yeah let's find out.
Yeah okay thank you.
Why don't one governor Jeff is going to say cause those Haitian people are not going to vote for him anyway so.
As long as it wasn't a bunch of Cubans we didn't have to get into a bunch of stuff about that as a matter of fact I got a great idea for Bill McBride.
You want to really have a great thing between now cause the Cubans aren't going to vote for a McBride anyway most of them.
So between now and next Tuesday I'd say like maybe this weekend let's have a couple of wickety votes with about 2000 Cuban refugees come up.
And of course you know what Jeb is going to say come on in maybe come on down because he's scared crapless and of course you'll welcome them to mess by New Orleans whole deal and everybody also be foaming at them out.
Whip up all that old hatred again which this community is famous for.
The city of hate.
They hate each other and we all hate to live here we're not all of us.
It is paradise though.
WDQ I am.
Hello Nia.
Yes sir.
Good morning.
When is this?
Well let me tell you something I went through the experience yesterday personally.
I went to Bill Bagz State Park in Cuba's game.
What were you going to do over there?
No just read on.
We know what goes on over there.
Yeah.
True.
Anyway, cruising.
Go ahead.
Anyways I left around probably around four and then I noticed that there were some helicopter slides.
I said there was a protest or something because I knew this past summer there was a protest
in Miami from the Iraq War but then I said I can accuse it.
What would be happening?
Then when I was going up to Rickenbacher College, this red car was flowing down and I sped up.
As I was going above the bridge I saw that there were over 30 cars that had stopped.
I said oh my goodness there must have been an horrible accident.
Then I would know where I see this black man running.
Let me tell you something.
It's true.
They were like probably in the wind and all that but I didn't feel threat.
I felt like I saw the sign of this car.
How many did you take in your car?
Well the thing is I didn't have a pickup truck.
No but I mean you got a helmet.
No.
Let me tell you something.
I could have easily 5 or 6 in my car.
5 or 6 you could have jammed him in there.
Maybe a couple in the truck that could have drilled some holes in the back of the truck.
Exactly.
But then I told them I can't put in the car and they were saying oh why not why not.
And I said because look the police are coming.
See they ran the wrong way.
When they got off the tugboat they ran towards the bridge.
They should have run the car.
Well you know whoever gave them the map and the compass made sure they had a better job than that.
Let me tell you something.
It's not untranquely about the car.
I think it said they messed up because when they were running towards the bridge they pretty much gave themselves up
because the police cornered the bridge where you pay the toll.
They have run the other way.
They easily they would have escaped.
Sure.
You know but and some of the Haitians I you know I told them I wish I could help you.
But I tell you one thing I never never do the entire ordeal which lasted for me about 45 minutes.
I've never been stuck so long at that bridge.
Throughout that entire ordeal I never felt threatened.
I probably screwed up your whole date to I mean afterno.
It did it did but you know I actually felt sad.
In fact I had a couple of tears in my eyes because I am seeing these people like they're so desperate.
Look look I understand what you're saying but let me ask you this.
How many desperate people do you think there are?
Forget about the rest of the world.
Just in the western hemisphere how many million desperate people do you think there are?
More than when we can count.
I mean even within or just within within a five block radius where we're sitting we got a lot of desperate people
between here and the stadium.
Exactly.
I'm sure.
I mean but I think one thing I think you read an article saying that there were like eight days at sea.
Absolutely not true because I love them.
They didn't have any blisters understand anything.
Well you know what that means don't you?
Smuggling operation.
That's right that's right.
So which I'm overwhelming that's what it was.
My last comment is because I went that through a personal basis.
I'm a little bit biased and I guess your rest of the audience.
So I guess I would say let them stay.
Okay.
You know that's why because I went through it.
I mean let me say something.
I never going to forget I'll tell you.
Okay I listen to the state of that part.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
He learned his lesson.
See God was punishing him because he was on that way to the park to do something.
I'm not sure I think I have a pretty good idea.
But don't do it again.
So he's you know he's got some sympathy realizes that he was allowed to stay here for some of his
our reason.
And why don't let them stay he says.
And of course we say no.
No.
I mean don't take it personally.
I mean there are some very nice Asian people.
I haven't met any yet but I'm sure that there are.
Do you know any Haitian people?
Yeah.
Do you know?
A lot.
Glad.
Glad?
Oh you mean our Vlad here?
Well he's a good guy.
I don't know he was Haitian.
Well I heard of you other day on the Joe and Mark.
It changes a lot of things.
956 and 560 WQM here we all are different.
You know there's black and brown and white and yellow and in between.
Anyway whatever you might be only a means of product can help your health because they make a different product to help each different part of your aspect of your health.
Only a med formula is our advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with vitamins, minerals and renewables.
And now they got three great new products.
There's one to help you sleep, one to help you control your weight and one called coq10 which you haven't taken coq10 for years.
It's a great product for your heart.
All using the benefits of the finest and purest olive oil and money can buy.
Oliomets and exciting are great and effective new product.
If you want to pick it up you can do so at Publix.
Accords, Walgreens or get more info by calling their toll free number call 1-866-Oliomet.
That's 1-866-653-6633.
You can order their products online if you like it.
If you visit your nearest publics and buy an Oliomet product and data browser you can get you a coupon for a free Larry Coker bottle head dial while they last.
I'm just blown away by that.
And don't forget to visit their sampling provider in sports center every Sunday with the office to be playing home.
Take up free Oliomet samples and product information and improve your health by popping some in your PUSH today.
If you want to buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a
new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new product or buy a new
I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of that guy. I'm so proud of
lip od mindfulness ofopor kissed skin skirt-ARA
the fed extract there was no terrorism involved there was no chemical weapons
no biological weapons were dispersed no uh... into the world you know what
sand
the assholes at cnn
they interviewed i saw them try to interview like thirteen million truck drivers
having them say that
diesel fuel doesn't explode like that yeah experts in chemist right physics
right
how many trucks explode
well i wanted
and i had nothing to do with terrorism but of course he and it's just that they're
salivating
uh...
here's the end of the world brought to you by exxon on cnn they just can't wait
for it
for me to the month
the way in the arena in the Minneapolis area
uh... the overflow crowd well over the twenty thousand
who uh... would that's right water monday all the time
she that's uh... going to show some of your right wingers of the two were
bringing back all the old democrats that's about the last thing we can do
back all the old dead guys
loutenberg
monday
well
wait until you were hungry comes back once again
here's a fact that the greeted me this morning when i came in because i see
we're all done on a patient that's fine because i got a lot of stuff here
that little little steam out
it says dear nil is a long time was good to listen to your diet right about
today show is full of the old nil
righteous outrage honesty piss and vinegar
we can't say a vinegar on the air sir
i like you spent a good deal of the year in europe
while i share many of your frustrations and opinions regarding the
misdirected ignorant priorities of this violence of success country it's
moronic people and the lich culture
i must that takes an exception regard to your political leanings
i spent thirteen years on capital home i can assure you that the liberals are
an actual actuality no better than the right wing zealots we both despise
in fact in some respects their far worse
at least with the conservatives we know we're going to get after while the
limousine liberal crowd play for the frustrations anxieties and fears of the so
called downtrotting by spotting the same old refrain we want to help you
what they're really saying is they want to help themselves to us in order to
gain and maintain their power
watching the so called memorial to Paul wellstone conjured up the disgusting
images of the treacherous clinton's the duplicitous kenneties
don't misunderstand me i haven't voted in twenty years and wouldn't vote
regardless since the whole system is hopelessly corrupt you speak of bush in
the fixing of the two thousand election yeah it was fixed not through the
ballot confusion but through the disenfranchisement of the black voters who
they were able to delete from the voters list by running statistically
incomplete parameters to remove convicted felons
he doesn't mention the people that they stop from voting around way to the
polls just uh... for random uh... just to hassle
but then again so was the wife virgin democratic for
cnn and sir i don't disagree with the lot of what you're saying here but i've
already talked about these things about how the kenneties fixed the election in
nineteen sixty talked about that until on blue in the face so
the mass confusion is your democratic primary in date and broad was orchestrated by
democratic leaders through democratic appointed election officials
sympathetic to mcbride knowing that rena was a dead duck in the general
election well good for them
then you have the new jersey supreme court what we go on about lot in bergardia
here in palm Beach County uh... i listen to care Roberts going off and clay shawi
twenty two year old undistinguishable house veteran about not coming down hard
enough on corporate criminals i guess you forgot about her younger brother who
did a suspiciously short stretch in a state prison for milking untold
investors out of millions of dollars in a pizza machine scam originating out of
where else but her backyard of boka then he goes on to give me a little lecture
about detroit is if i don't know detroit i know my detroit mister he says now in
detroit you have a hopelessly maronic young black mayor thirty four i believe
recently was for two announce that there were six hundred thousand registered
voters in motown up from the previously estimated registry of hundred and fifty
to four hundred thousand registered voters only two years ago this while any
same former citizen of detroit is blown that city for the relevant send the
the suburbs i know my detroit mister i live in south field okay
and there's about ten white people left there what are you talking about
after writing this is becoming starting the obvious to be why regret ever having
to return here now you're getting warmer best to your well thank you to your
to make some good points in here but you don't have to tell me about corrupt
liberals at about the chemties Joe Kennedy was a bigger cork than the bushes
ever dreamed to be an okay he didn't have to invade foreign countries in order
to make more oil money okay he did the bootleg thing he did it right five six
that are we done with the cause because i'll just uh... you know i think we are
wqa m hello yes sir uh... i need to speak to nil rodge please you're
speaking to him nil it's Mickey McNichol it's really me how you doing
you used to flush the toilet when you heard my name i didn't have any toilet to
flush Mickey what are you doing here i'm coming back to Florida to live
yeah well that's a bad that's a bad move but of course you're coming back from
jersey right that's a good move so anywhere from jersey is a very
positive one right yeah i'm coming back to poppano i'm in poppano right now you're
you're you're you're going to be driving in poppano park i'm moving in i'm
moving back to jersey i'm going to be driving in poppano park starting next
right oh my god yeah wow but you do remember that you used to flush the toilet
yeah you used to flush the toilet when you heard my name yeah this this ain't Mickey McNichol
you know how would i remember that i don't know it's a Steve Wolf gave me a
number call now Steve Wolf my good close friend well he said ain't wally
henna c call up anyway that's an improvement micki but i'm not going to
answer to that but now wally's a good buddy of my just relaxing good see he's got a
sense of humor right he's got he's got that Canadian sense of humor
well he's a good guy first of all when he's driving he's got a real sense of humor too
but that's another story you know how that works i'm not getting into that
yeah it's good to hear you well it's good to hear my name and i i i i i'm kind of
looking forward to hearing the toilet flush now well well maybe i do have one in here
just a second oh wait a minute there you go
you're sick as ever right i sure am i'll see you at the finish line okay okay micki bye bye that's
incredible whoo heavy duty micki micki nickel-sculling back goes to sure we'll let any if we'll
let the Haitians any we'll let anybody back in just a joke micki so that takes care of our calls
today which is good you see we have this big event happened this morning and if i was planning
on taking calls till noon that's the end of many way they got off of this say because he's voting
on to pull 279 votes what's your take on the 200 plus Haitians who made it here too they
fact that'd be a good poll tomorrow micki what's worse the Haitians come in and make him
make nickel-common back from jersey that's an excellent poll i might do that tomorrow anyway no more
refugees close the gates 169 16.5 percent they should be sent back immediately 45 they should be
allowed to apply for political asylum 35 they should be all be allowed to stay 16 only cuban
should be allowed to stay when they reach the west 14 14 well i would be i mean we got maybe
only have 14 human listings that could be it though the ones that got the free in greek
eglacias tickets the other nine minutes after ten to five sixty wq and the uh... jim madid
show in a studio today from one to three the mad dog the angry puppy the hostile hound the hysterical
whatever he is hang goldberg with our winderman at four hang we got a four four hours today man
what times again tough up earth no more baseball i know we got josh freeedman seven
away to clock tonight whoo heavy duty we got the a fat mice throughout between seven eight then we
got the shico panther preview between eight and eight thirty uh... look at that somebody made a
mistake on here again you know you guys we got a program director and uh... uh... what is the
off-manager and they can't get the schedule right it says on here eight to eight thirty shico panther
and it says seven thirty to ten thirty panther's a dollar stars well since they're on central
time in Dallas let's assume that the hockey game starts at eight thirty can we do that boys and
girls are our program director and operations managers members make our schedule makers can't
get the time right shame on you guys any k from g a ten and you and mark overnight that incredible
i don't want to be a nitpicker but you know get the time right because we're going to have that
vast tune in audience that hockey game and
be incredible get at least a point to share
ten past ten at five sixty wq m let me tell you right now about a great place the lights of west
bokeh your low carb sugar free at kins dot superstore they got a terrific new selection of great low
carb cookies in fact i'm ready to toss mine after here and micky's voice on here not just one
flavor but fourteen different cookies from three different bakers and they're all delicious
peanut butter chocolate chip lemon coconut all sugar for your low carb you can stop by the lights
and try these or any of all of their products before you buy them just don't overdo it you know
i'm saying don't bring a little bag in with a little sack like the old condo crowd the lights
give us a lot for their new low carb bread called simply low carb red spread some of their new a lot
what is it l'enuba jam on it and you've got a great low carb breakfast and don't forget is your
official at kins dot retail center the lights of west bokeh sales every at kins brand product at
twenty five percent off today tomorrow next sookas every day of your life you heard the reports about
the at kins a lot of people still believe in it a lot of people still losing weight like crazy on it
that one guy in channel four lost thirty pounds and at kins the lights of west bokeh has a
friendly knowledgeable staff to lead you down the path to help their open every day ten till ten
right there in the corner glades in four forty one in prestigious bokeh call one eight seven seven
low carb or check them out of the web if you like at a low carb dot com
fiends done as church like welcome y'all to tonight's Miami Duffen banquet
will be starting the evening off with a few words from moe howard david
i get out of my way i get this thing on here a goody thing in paradise johelman and johelman
i'm honored to be on the the the day is tonight i almost didn't make it because the teller ran out of
the bed for my leiser assortment all duck all duck uh
which reminds me of the time and my wife was late taken to the garbage up and she ran after the
truck yelling am i too late and they said no jump in no they said no jump in
yeah don't you get it sounds great stuff here i got good clean you more over here why
should the queer the speaker all the lives hey i'm talking over here like the man your respect in
attention now why don't all you dumb jack bastard just shut the f*** up if you don't why i'll see
to it that the organization has you off the head
i think this is brother happy you beast now we paid attention come on tell us the same fun
hey how about not all rap football sure i could god a regulation football up my ass
it's an official regulation football up my ass
hey hey so good but plug for the next time i think i get me right to the
test 16 at 560 double to cure my hope was good for him madame raya and her 12 little elves
i got some of my tabloid stuff here okay i'm gonna whip out the good stuff demanding diva mariah
carry has graciously whittled down her entourage to a mere 12 but one assistance so one assistance
she simply couldn't live without is well her own personal food taster i know the feeling all those
cold cuts and who can tell which ones are poisonous at least that was the case recently when
the pop prince has showed up in Atlanta radio station for 45 minutes late for an interview hey she's
getting better mariah was an hour late last time she plugged a record of that same venue anyway first
a servant rubbed down her a can of coke with antibacterial moist outlets before handing it over
and then the lackey proud of the singer's turkey sandwich with a fork looking inside and out
before miss mariah was allowed to munch meanwhile another assistant moved a photographer
for rouncer our glampus could be shot from her good side which apparently is her right side no
telling with the other ten and the posse do now the plot thickens mariah didn't need her meat
meal and her sandwich plus the anti-cote can in the used outlets will be auctioned off on ebay
mariah scooted off to dinner where another in her posse a personal masseuse rubbed queen's toe as
while she gorged on lobster and sashimi tuna as she tatted with rapid debris who exactly is
debris here they want to know in a globe you hear that i think i'm getting a corporate disease
sounds like a massive lawsuit to me i didn't have that when i came back here
but we're back oh that's not good man there's something at the better that'll that'll do it every time
can't believe such a lame response on this Haitian singer i thought we could at least
to five six hours with it nobody q a m
q a m hello hello yes sir how you doing pretty good first time i ever called you okay
listen this has nothing to do with Haitian situation but i'm just curious about something i've
you i ride down four forty one in the rim out sterling roll the time and i see that hard rock
hotel and casino was being built over there um have you heard anything about this or the indian
is going to uh just open up and then tell the state to go scratch no they're just building a
app right now i don't know probably you should talk to defore about the indians he's got
a probably a better contact than i do i don't know anything about the indians plans anymore
i i just see every day and i know you know i've got a lot of things i just very curious about
the life it just doesn't make a lot of sense to uh to meet you to see a big gigantic hotel and
uh casino being built over there just a ten dollar poker game yeah i agree with you i have no
idea what they have in mind maybe uh maybe they're you know got some ins with the governor i doubt it
if you think if you think that this repressive backwater state is ever going to have real
casinos man you dream it not gonna happen i know it's never gonna happen i think it's the most
we take the thing in the world uh we could have all the scores we wanted with uh you know with
you know that's right that's right but the goody tussues all those bible thumpers man you know
it they push with one hand they pull away with the other they're right you're right absolutely
correct bush with one hand yeah all right yeah vote vote on the uh vote on the uh vote on the
this is the everyday thanks a lot all right bye get on here vote early and often on Tuesday folks
no mask one bush no mask one the bushmeister okay
johnny karsen's a battling skin cancer aren't you concerned about that
see i try to clip off these things that everybody's gonna be very concerned about he's only 110
as if chronic emphysema oh i sure hope i'm not getting that uh
turret yeah here you do you hear what
soon i get out of here see now you're gagging i look at that now he's choking and gagging and
puking it's great there's something in the ear in here man and he still can't get the time
right on his schedules for the stupid hockey game still got no champion like i'm not
feeling like anyone to understand i'm in a great mood i'm in paradise for a very few days
as if chronic emphysema and heart-fied password enough to deal with sources say tv legend johnny
karsen is now battling skin cancer oh i the 77 year old retired tonight show host has had
lesions removed from both his hand and his arms the inquirer has learned exclusively the
growths were identified as basal cell carcinoma a cancer that occurs most frequently on
sundayman skin on the face ears neck scalp shoulders and back as so many of you folks in south
Florida should know who keep baking your skin out there who keep frying yourself like a french fry
johnny has spent many hours out door sailing his voter playing tennis on his courts of a malibus
to the source he rarely wore a hat or long sleeve shirt and for much of his life he never wore
sunblock all of that some damage caught up with him basal cell cancers can be successfully treated
by removing the lesions are exposing the irradiation but follow up his crucial experts say up to
half all patients will develop another cancer within five years dr. Jerome lit assistant professor
in dermatology of case western reserve university who was not treated johnny told the inquirer
incredibly carcin is undergoing treatment for skin cancer before incredibly what's incredible
about that see i love the inquirer and usually we can depend on what they got in there like the
story i have a little later on uh what's his name Robert Blake and one on john pene and this and that
but they got a story in there which the november fifth issue obviously was put to bed before they
captured the dosniper's right and they got a thing in there about their tions with a terrorist
and with al-Qaeda and al-Qaeda you know tells them that white the vehicles blended inconspicuously
you know the white van come to find out it was a bloke appraise uh oh
little embarrassment there okay the inquirer the credibility just went out a little bit of a
notch not not a whole lot but one notch you know don't start speculating about the snipers okay
who are in custody and we have hour after hour now of which state is going to which show
jurisdiction is going to fry him and try him and all of this other crap and the they were really
steel afraid train johnny's had a number of lesions within the last several years the family
for in sip and not as long and but as long as it's not melancholy figures it's not going to kill him
the ailing stars got plenty of other health problems to worry about he underwent quadruple bypass
surgery following a heart attack in 99 has developed emphysema see how much better written
no seriously when in doubt breathe it out breathe in breathe out like they see on passions i'll
tell you one thing passions against uh smallville which is the most far-fetched last night was a little
bit disappointing to me that episode i couldn't i don't know it's okay all we did see Clark at a
beginning a swimming also disappointing maybe that's what he was in his bathing so uh that's
probably what a way ten on the face about an eight on the body uh tom not not the best you know
despite what he says in public his emphysema has gotten worse the family friend said sometimes i
can't exert himself without sitting down and resting every 15 minutes when contacted by the
inquire carcass and spokesperson the nephew Jeff Satsang said i'm not going to come in on johnny's
personal life well excuse us okay excuse us for acting and guess what we we we don't care anyway
do you really care about i mean you know i mean never he never stole a freight train either he's
not a bad guy and think it was all that funny highly overrated huh yeah but i still don't
i mean i know i you don't care because you're a punk what out of you would know johnny carcin from
god damn uh johnny uh loujak for johnny dark in fact you know johnny dark first because you kicked
him out of here yesterday yeah what is he doing here yesterday well why you people bugging me let
me give you an example i'll give you two two little stories the first story is my mother's always
talking about she she makes up these excuses why she splirts it out pretty embarrassing everywhere she
goes like she goes to the doctor she's sitting in a waiting room oh i happen to tell this lady i
mean a Roger's mother and i wondered myself how is it that she tells everybody she's near Roger's
mother you know i know where is the context of the conversation you know so she's at the doctor
the other day and she tells some woman and i'm near Roger's mother and the woman's uh some old bag
oh my god you know so there's some old other old lady a friend of this first old bag that my
mother's talking to and the first old bag goes over to old bag number two and says do you know that's
near Roger's mother and oh my goodness that's near Roger's mother and then she whispered to him
who's near Rogers see there you go mom it's about time to cut up with you okay who's near Rogers
excellent and story number two Jeff Cohen at the pizza lot now is there with my good friend Marcy
we could go to check out the new pizza lots of food was great there in plantation rapid on wall
greens and ponytail sits down with us but a bit but a boop but of course he couldn't do his dirty
stories because Marcy was there and i mean you know you're a little bit a little bit more reserved when
you got a lady there so he wasn't doing his usual pornographic stories and he says you know
thanksgiving i'm thinking about coming up to Toronto you want some company for a couple of days
you see what i'm saying it's called klingons i don't like klingons i don't like that i don't
socialize with him when i'm here why do i want to socialize with him in Toronto you follow what i'm
saying and the answer is no i didn't even respond i didn't i just didn't respond now when
Joe and his buddies came up there that was that was okay because they were there we went to a
couple of meals together but uh Jeff Cohen fancy he's gonna come up there and like be a klingon
i don't want him up there i mean he can go ahead be my guest have a good time you know
get out of here Jeff
317 votes on a poll what's your take i see took that other crap off it or he don't want any
alien people coming up i don't blame you maybe they'll send maras greasy ice up there after you
what's your take on the 200 plus Haitians who made it here at Tuesday no more refugees close the
gates 59.9% 190 of you say that they should be sent back immediately 50 if not sooner 15.7%
they should be allowed to apply for political asylum 43 then send them back uh they should all
be allowed to stay 19 a pa 3 5.9% and only cubans should be allowed to stay when he reached the
west 15 of course that's the law the wet foot dry foot wet redneck whatever the thing is
yeah we take you the law it is a ridiculous law but the reason i got that ridiculous law in a book
the reason it won't be expunge from the books is because the politicians are all weak need and
scared crapless right because the cubans vote the old cubans vote the old right wing cubans vote
the other cubans are out there getting laid you know they're on they're on keba's game
consulting in the park and then all of a sudden they found uh oh hold watch a Haitian
screwed up my afternoon that was kind of funny that call i feel sorry for him but probably had a
lot of plans then put down the biographer pal ain't gonna work out today what's the other is
it virginia beach where all the fags used to conserve over there on virginia beach i don't know
was it virginia beach the new beach or something before i'm asking you what i it's in date county
it's in date county and i don't know from date county i work in date county but just barely
just barely just over the county line close it up to bribery because you could like walk there
in about 30 seconds very close 1026 at 560 wqm if your carpets are very close to extinction
if they're underlined the stink part they're in bad shape they smell bad they look bad
calm i good oh excuse me calm my good buddies at dry concepts they'll come to your home and
they'll do a stupendous unbeatable job of cleaning your carpets even my picky ma as she's sitting
in fact that she'd do a better job instead telling everybody she's near ranger's mother she should
say are your carpets looking crappy called dry concepts because they did mine several times
they're the best even she says they're the best everybody i know says they're the best and you
want to know why because they are nobody in the world does a more superior job of cleaning even
the worst looking carpets at a very fair price which they give you a written guaranteed price
up front before they start the job and they do it in no time at all like dry clean your carpets
they're drying a couple of hours they smell eminy fresh and they look just like brand new it's
amazing and they also do the same super work on cleaning all your furniture and draperies spot
dying fiber protection carpet repairs in planarietal rug service deodorization and if you have
a flood in the house complete water damage restoration too check them out in the web if you like
at dryconcepts.com but better yet give them a call because if you use them once you'll never
even think about using anybody else in broder call 9 5 4 3 7 0 7 7 7 8 that's 9 5 4
3 7 0 7 7 7 8 in datarpom beach is a tool free call 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 that's 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1
clean today entertained tonight with dry concepts.
skies mix
G disguise.
People in raping.
You ya'll temporal-
You are in sexual.
Cauchille hang up the phone.
If your t disc is calling to you-
Though sexual me-
All I have,
Pillied had a sexually half-
urned to her.
The rain summers have been my wife.
Oh, the cold, the rain's a show.
But you hang up the phone.
It's your two-lisky, so take a call.
The rain's a show with me.
I got you there.
I'm Ashley Lesbian.
1032 at 560 W. Kim, why would I play an Erin Summers bit?
Most of the people listening on QM don't even know who Erin Summers was, including Carlos.
With a sexual night in IOD, two years ago?
No.
Oh, good.
Didn't miss that.
Well, I'm a tiny Tim thing.
I had nothing to do with Erin.
I had to do with tiny Tim.
Tiny Tim's bride, Miss Vicki, falls for rabbi charged with murder.
Wasn't I talking just the other day about these crazy people that fall in love with people in jail?
Yeah.
Well, here's another one.
And this course in the egg lobe, so there's a chance it could be true.
Miss Vicki, the wife of the late cult singer, Tiny Tim, hopes to tiptoed on the aisle with a rabbi
if the skirt chasing holy man beats the rap for his wife's murder.
Oi!
She thinks he's innocent, says a friend.
She thinks they're going to be together.
Victoria Lombardi, who became known as Miss Vicki when she went tiny on Johnny Carson's...
Look at that!
On Johnny Carson's TV talk show in 69, it all fits together, baby.
You stick this in here and you stick that over there and put a finger in your...
Correct.
...and you got it made.
When she went tiny Tim on Johnny Carson's TV talk show in 69, it's now the main squeeze of 61-year-old rabbi, Fred Nulander.
Well, that sounds like a goitian name to me.
Fred Nulander, currently being retired, are retried for his wife's murder.
Source to say Vicki met Nulander either to cocktail party was introduced to him by mutual friends in 98.
That same year Nulander was charged with harming the two men who used metal pipes to beat his wife Carol's brains in at her cherry-hulled New Jersey home.
Cherry-hulled New Jersey, Mickey, right across from a garden state where it used to be.
Comps originally thought robbery was the motor for the grizzly killing.
I'll tell you, cherry-hulled.
Not a bad place.
Well, at least it used to be a bad place before.
Kind of changed the neighborhood.
Comps originally thought robbery was the motor for the grizzly killing.
Mama, three Carol, 52 managed to bake green reportedly.
It'd take at home $5,000 in cash receipts that as she was murdered in 1994.
Private Arlene Jenoff later confessed to cops that Nulander paid him and in a compless 18 grand to kill Carol.
And also promised to get him a job with the Israeli Secret Service.
Hi!
Nineteen jurors voted to convict the man of the man of prayer at his first trial which ended in the hung jury last year.
But Vicki is still 100% behind the Romeo Rabbi even though he admitted to cheating on his wife numerous times during her marriage and was having an affair with a Philadelphia radio personality at the time of the murder.
She's very susceptible to romance the source post or says.
Vicki, 50, would formally work as a go-go dancer in the model of Nile's furniture and cis-she and the rabbi are just pals.
Fred is my friend and I'm his, she tells the globe.
His family and I are friendly.
We got together to decide who would take care of what.
A little what-what?
I decided I would take care of his car and his mail, she said.
But as the source Ms. Vicki has always been attracted to the limelight and public figures, she kind of sounds to me like Bonnie Bakley.
You know what I'm saying, Bonnie Lee Bakley?
Uh oh! Don't be making the same mistake honey.
Bad move.
What a great segue by the way into the Robert Blake story in the inquire which up until this week's edition really had high credibility.
When I started talking about the white van and the white vehicles and now kind of this and now kind of that, yeah.
More wild speculation, that's what American media is all about.
Wild speculation because they got a lot of time to fill up a lot of pages to fill up.
Well, we think it could be this and we think it might be that and we think we don't know what God damn thing.
See, it doesn't take any time to say we just don't know.
And then what do you do then?
You know?
But what do you do then?
I don't know.
Oh, we can't do that.
So we got to bring all these experts on here.
Here's an expert and a pervert and a revert and a whatever else.
And they're all on there.
Bip-bip-bip-bip-bip.
And then of course how many times do we have to see what's his name on it?
Oh God.
Bo-Deedle.
Good.
Golly miss Mont.
Bo-Deedle.
It was like Bo-Deedle all Bo-Deedle all day on era CNN, Fox and MSNBC, the network news.
It was all over the place.
If you look what I had like a little mirror when you sat down on the bowl, if you looked right up your...
Correct him.
...probably Bo-Deedle would have been in there.
I'm serious. He was everywhere.
He was hanging out everywhere.
It looked like Bo-Deedle.
Blake Murder Bombshell in the inquire.
A hitman taped his phone call about Bonnie.
Say cops.
Starling the evidence could nail the Beretta star.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
But it's a good thing George is near today.
He'd be in mourning.
Because he loves Robert Blake.
In fact, I think he secretly admires the fact he killed that bitch.
He loves it.
And here's the picture.
Do you see that with a white hair?
I mean, as white as the fallen snow in Canondagwin, New York.
Robert Blake cops have kept the tape a closely guarded sequence as the inquire.
Los Angeles police have a bombshell piece of evidence.
They believe a put accused murderer Robert Blake behind bars for good.
The tape of the actor asking someone to kill his wife, Bonnie Lee, baked Lee.
One of the potential hitman that Blake approached the derivative is wife tape recorded their phone call.
The source posted investigation told the inquire were exclusively cops have kept the existence of this tape a closely guarded secret.
But they're convinced that this is exactly what they'll need to get a murder conviction against Blake.
On the tape, Blake is upset even sounds like he's crying.
He talks about Bonnie's scams and how horrible they are.
He talks about how Bonnie is ripping off men with male order scams revolving around sex.
He says, Bonnie is milking him for money while ripping off other men.
He tells the potential hitman that he said his wits in doesn't know what to do.
Blake complains that Bonnie just won't stop her scams.
Then he talks about his image and he says he's concerned that if she gets busted, it'll reflect poorly on him.
Blake is a little cagey when it comes to saying he wants Bonnie out of the picture.
He says he needs the problem taken care of.
He indicates that he needs Bonnie removed from his life permanently.
He doesn't come out and use the word murder, but the cops say this tape conversation leaves little doubt that he was soliciting a hit on his wife.
It's blockbuster evidence.
It's going to be very difficult for Blake to overcome this.
He talks about how difficult his life is with Bonnie and that they have a child together.
He wants her out of the picture.
It's chilling.
It says the inquirer has reported that several potential hitmen were approached by the 69 year old former bretter star
who's remained behind bars for more than 26 weeks and has been denied bail by waiting in December hearing.
In our last issue July 9th and our issue last July 9th, we reported never before revealed the tales from the case after an exhaustive review of 400 pages of official police documents obtained by the inquirer.
The documents reveal that stuntman Gary even the majority told police Blake met with him and said,
how's $10,000 sound to walk over and popper?
Yeah, how's $10,000 sound to walk over to where in popper?
He said Blake took him to his house, showed him the rear apartment where Bonnie lived and said someone could sneak into the sliding glass door and pop her off while she was asleep
or that she could be stopped on the road and someone could pop her that way.
McCarty told cops Blake had showed him a gun and when he refused the job, Blake asked him, why not?
Yeah, it's like an Amsterdam coke crack. Not interested. Why not?
Another bretter stuntman, Donald Ronald Duffy Hamilton, no relation to Duffy Dirty, told police he was asked by Blake to kill Bonnie.
I think a Bito cook thinks Duffy Dirty still coached Michigan State.
Another bretter stuntman, Ronald Duffy Hamilton, told police he was asked by Blake to kill Bonnie but refused when the actor mentioned digging two graves fearing one meat that it might be for him.
Hamilton told investigators he met with Blake at his house in the act of soliciting to kill his wife showing him a 25 caliber semi-automatic he said was untraceable.
Police said Hamilton told them the scenario involved Bacely's seated in Blake's car parked on a road, I would then approach her on foot and kill her.
According to police, Blake also solicited a third stuntman to do the job who also declined and a fourth who died.
Ah, geez, he probably would have done a better job.
He died? Yeah, he died.
In addition, police say Blake had discussions with the retired LAPD cop and long time friend about killing Bonnie.
Blake approached at least three former buddies who were stuntman at one time or another on Barrettta and a fourth who passed away and incited a troll the inquiry.
There were so many people he had revealed his plan to and asked to do the job it's not surprising one of these guys got him on tape.
It appears in the end Blake did the job himself but by asking so many others to do it for him it may help convict him and an audio tape could help convince the jury he done it.
How do you like that, huh?
What's with the stuntman? I mean, are stuntmen do they moonlight as killers at night?
Well, stop and think about it. How many jobs are there for stuntmen?
Good point. Yeah, so they got to do something in their spare time.
A little hit over here, a little hit over there and then we go back in the tumble around a little bit. That's it.
Seriously, being a stuntman can't involve that much work. Oh, I would imagine they're very highly paid.
How would think so? You would think so, but maybe not.
Twenty before 11 at 5.60 WQA. I'm on a tremendous Tuesday. We're getting a phenomenal response to yesterday's big news story.
We're going to have to phone what is a call on. It's a good thing I brought a lot of stuff here.
Yeah, tabloid Tuesday and we got that new into one hour because this business is going back to the phones again.
Let's see. Today's Wednesday lasted what the Thursday, Friday, my four days.
And now I see, you know, my back to your old form again. Let old Neil, let old fat Neil to all the work.
We want the calls, but we don't want to make them. Okay, that's that's okay. Don't feel like don't worry about it. I can handle it.
354 votes on the pool. What's your take? What's your take on the 200 plus Haitians awaited to show you yesterday?
360 now. No more refugees. Close the gates. 219 60.8%. People with a common sense.
Let's get control of the immigration policy, especially while we're supposedly worried about terrorists. God damn 60.8%.
And plus another 15 and a half percent say they should be sent back immediately. 56 people said that. So right there you got 76.3%.
They should be allowed to apply for political asylum. 47.0. You said that. They should all be allowed to stay 21.
Only Cuban should be allowed to stay when they reach US 17. So there you are.
Tom Laman and Helen Pontiac and GMC say no tricks this Halloween. Just treats Halloween. Tomorrow night, right?
Yep. And it's going to rain like hell. Oh good.
Announcing the grand zero out of the grade 0% Halloween event going on right now at hell with the proof credit from GMAC.
You heard it right. Get zero down payment and 0% financing up to 60 months on all 2002 Pontiac and GMC models and select 2003's or take you a
rebate of up to $4,500. Here's even more treats. Not tricks. Zero payments for 90 days and is always at hell at zero hassles.
You love shopping air because there's no high pressure. They treat you right. That's why they've been going strong for 35 years and that's in great location.
And Halop Pontiac GMC they don't take around with the customers. And if your credit is a lousy, they'll still cut your deal.
They'll get you into the car or truck or whatever SUV of your choice. Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the on board and that great new Pontiac vibe SUV and check out their great selection of used cars, trucks and SUVs as well.
It's the great 0% Halloween event. It's going on right now at hell at Pontiac. Tell Tom Laman that old Neil and Carlos and everybody else in Bob Eisenberg with his great new piece said hello.
Open every day seven days a week and help from Wayne Folk. All of it 305 to 3 8 40. That's 305 to 3 8 40. Did I say 134 once out of 60? US one across in the falls will I just did? Halop Pontiac GMC who be professional great.
My and local. This is for 205 city.
You.
Into the moron hour at night o'clock you hear more. That's what we're nice to me today.
Don't mention it Goldie. You're not going to get raped again today. I am. Oh, you know why? Why is that?
Because rape is not funny, but I ain't going to be a mean man no more. If they think that's funny, it's fine by me. Wow. You really changed your way.
I forget about it. I'm turning over all the big newton leaf. You have a nice day of power and I smile.
Lee Friend.
Hey, whoa. Look out for that truck.
Oh, look like a shapeless pile of gold.
You. You.
To show my respect. I stole it.
I wasn't even cold before that master. Boosted my shoes.
I don't want to stay on.
I'll try to be an astiol.
Schmucky wasn't bad.
It's a much higher. Oh, how is David's dad?
Oh, how is David's dad?
But his weight.
I'm getting pounded.
Oh, how is David's dad?
But his weight.
Oh, how is David's dad?
But his weight.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
I'm getting pounded.
W-Q-A-M.
What's the least that tastes you?
Yeah, good.
Then the feeling is mutual.
560, not one call on the board now.
560, 7.0560.
You wanted to call it by IC.
It just relax.
That's not psychologically.
That's not a good way to do it.
560, 7.0560, 0.560, only 18 and T line.
See what I'm saying on you idiots and want all while you're...
It's ponderous like Tom Jicca out there.
I'm not going to sit here and beg people to call.
I'm going to sit here and beg people to call.
I'm going to sit here and beg people to call.
I'm going to sit here and beg people to call.
I'm going to sit here and beg people to call.
Land of lost dreams.
I mean, I got enough stuff here to go on till midnight.
But these people, I meant...
W-Q-A-M.
You bunch of winers.
I want you complainers.
That's the problem with this time.
Complainers.
W-Q-A-M.
See, I want my team to go out there and kick some ass.
You know, that's what's important to me in life.
I want to see my team go out there.
It went by 7,800 points.
Oh, and guess what?
Guess what was on on Smallville last night,
which you don't watch it,
so you wouldn't know.
Nobody called it in, pick up on it,
because we got about four people away.
Even Kid Curry, who loves that show, which I didn't realize,
Power 96 loves Smallville,
because that's their punks that watch it and me.
They had this broad on it,
this girl who was like very attractive blonde,
high school girl,
but it turns out that she's like a...
like a...
won't you like a witch or something,
where she's been living for hundreds of years,
and she sucks...
every time she kisses a guy,
she sucks the life out of his body,
and he mysteriously dies and ages...
and gets this aging disease.
So, what's your name?
Chloe.
That's always a looking up stuff
who writes for the high school newspaper.
She looks in a computer,
and she checks out her background and isn't it?
And guess where she was in school?
Where?
South Florida,
Piper High.
How do you like that, huh?
Oh, wow!
South Florida,
Piper High School on Small Wheat.
We always make it on course.
She turned out to be a murdering bitch,
and poor Clark had to get rid of her in the end,
so to speak.
And she just like,
eh, kind of shriveled up.
It looked like kind of like screw-in there at the end of the show.
I'll shriveled up.
Probably smell better.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hey, Neil, how you doing today?
Okay.
Listen, Neil, I want to ask you a question.
Since you did a great job of destroying the first team,
how can you get rid of that?
You can't get rid of that.
You can't get out of here.
Blow it out your ass.
I destroyed the first team, okay?
Call out Greg.
Ask him about it.
5670560,
and you know who that is?
That's one of their re-kronics.
That's either what you call it.
One of those jets, guys.
It's one of the same crowd.
You're the guys that destroyed the worst team, okay?
You chronics.
And don't waste any more of our facts paper, either, by the way.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Well, that guy is really a loser, man.
Yeah.
Dog Rickles, I love you.
Okay, great.
Good call, huh?
W-D-Q-A-M.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, long time listener, first time caller.
Okay.
Send the Haitians back.
And I am a Cuban, and I say send some of the Cubans back.
No, absolutely.
In fact, you and I can pick and choose which ones, how's that?
Yeah.
Neil.
Hey, Miguel, you're going back.
Go ahead.
Hey, we're talking about hockey.
Yeah?
Hockey.
Yeah, you got me hooked on hockey, where you could listen to you about 12 years ago.
Well, you know, we used to have a team here.
Yeah, I know.
A long time ago.
And I followed them for the first few years, and they only got the standing cup, and they pulled
everybody off.
Say goodbye to hockey.
Yeah, good for you.
Good choice.
Neil, happy birthday.
Thanks a lot.
Bye-bye.
I'll read my dirty.
I'm getting palb-
Just relax, okay?
He'll take care of his own.
His actual numbers are basically about the same as they had before, and I looked it up.
And we're going to help him off with my copy of the book.
I can't get anything to that.
I don't want to start sounding like a grumpy old man like somebody else that I don't want to
mention his name.
I'm getting palb-
But, you know, can't get no-
And Tim, don't let me forget, Tim, I'm bringing in my own like diet soda.
Because if I have to depend on these people, I got three cases, and I start away, don't tell
anybody.
Get out of here, PDU.
You're backstabbing, phony.
Go away.
Don't go away, man.
You and Miguel hand in hand down the aisle.
I can see it now.
In Vegas, would Joe Castello and his wife?
See, Volka Brian was belly-icking about that yesterday.
You know, I mean, I like Joe.
He's a good guy and a friend, but I don't know.
Huh?
We had a good time in Toronto, him and his buddies.
We went out to eat a couple of times.
It was okay.
I showed him the ropes.
But when you give somebody a wedding invitation, first of all, on a CD or a rom that you've
got to put in your hard drive, see, Volka Brian don't want to stick no strain CD into his
hard drive.
You know?
He'd rather stick it in his-
Right, though.
Anywhere, but not in his hard drive.
And number two, when you have to-
When they're having a wedding in Vegas, you have to spend hundreds or even a couple of
thousand dollars to fly out to Vegas to somebody's wedding.
That's not my-
I didn't realize that.
I'm just not going to be here anyway, so I couldn't go.
I couldn't go either, but-
Well, you can't afford to go to Vegas when you get that check yours?
Well, that's right.
That's not till January.
And a wedding is in December.
I'm sorry about that.
I just don't know what that's like when somebody offers you to-
Invites you to come to their wedding and get married in Vegas?
I mean, if you're going to be in Vegas, I can see that, but I'm not going to spend a fortune
for a plane ticket to go to Vegas for a Joe and-
What's your name's wedding?
What's your name?
You know, I've got a mental block.
It's your Nina.
I'm sorry.
It just came back to me.
Sorry, Nina.
Because I like your Nina a lot.
Joe, I used to like him a lot more, but he's-
W-Q-A-M.
Good morning, Neil.
How are you today?
Okay, sir.
Quick comment about the immigrants.
I'm not one of these people who says that I'm bitches because I don't understand the language.
That doesn't only matter to me, but my ex-wife was Colombian,
and she brought her whole family over here.
Did she bring some good drugs?
No, I think she left the drug behind the furniture.
She had her brother come over here with her sister.
Her sister was here and her brother was legal.
Her brother claimed that her sister's three kids were all hers and all his.
Oh, boy.
Now, he's getting welfare and food stamps.
All the right tax dollars are going to feed these people and take care of this garbage.
And it's a little bit frustrating to him.
I just want to leave off by-
Leave off by telling you that I think small bills are the next one to show.
I'm a heterosexual male and I think he's a great-
That guy is a great show.
All right. You're my kind of guy, pal.
Have a great day.
And back to you and save some of them drugs for us.
So how do you like that?
There's a guy with an interesting story.
And of course, that's only one story and they could see how many more of those stories there are.
Oh, yeah.
We got all our relatives here in a line, make up stories.
I'm not saying that everybody who came over.
There are some of them are hardworking people, three or four.
But other than that, like Miguel, for example,
there's a good example of a guy that came over on a banana boat or something and
he's been in Chicago somewhere.
How do you get up there?
And he don't have to finger.
Last year was a different story.
He worked his ass off and I guess he figured this year since they screwed him over.
They didn't give him the increase.
Now he does nothing.
He goes out in the van.
And he only goes out in the appearances where there's booze.
What is that?
The only ones he goes out in the ones where there's free booze.
Other than that, he can't be bothered.
He's busy breaking in that new mattress.
W-D-Q-A-M.
New.
Yes, sir.
What's with the sidekicks that can't speak English on the show?
Sidekicks that can't speak English?
Carlos and Miguel and all these guys.
Yeah, that's a good point.
Let's get some English speaking guys on here.
You're right.
Bring the damn bird back.
The bird's coming back Monday.
All right.
Okay, thanks.
Yeah, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Ah, I got it.
I got it here.
Just relax.
Yeah, I think we can bring the bird back.
I mean, we can't bring it back to life, but we can always...
There you go.
That's all we need.
Little bird cackling in the background.
It's all we ever did anyway.
And he was okay.
He was good.
I don't be picking on dead people.
That's bad.
That's George's job.
George hated the bird.
Hey, George hates everybody.
He's just a nasty, miserable little spick.
I mean, he's okay, but he's a nasty W-D-Q-A-M.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a real dumb question for you.
Go right ahead.
Why are you answering, Carl?
You know the list is out here.
That's absolutely nothing to say.
You're just going to get frustrated in another three or four days of taking calls
and dealing with the morons.
What your call is so far enough, that bad?
Well, I'm not saying it's great.
No, I would say the calls today have been okay.
We had one or two assholes, but that's what spices it up a little bit.
Well, Neil, you got a great show.
I love this.
I'll tell you, keep up the good work.
And what's my words?
One week from now, you're going to stop answering.
But you see the good part of that is I've got plenty of experience now from last day months.
If I get fed up with the calls, I don't have to take them.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, I got you.
I got you.
It's dealer's choice.
Okay, I have a great day.
Yeah, you took.
Thanks.
See, there's a guy.
He's a good guy.
And he understands what it's all about.
I have no problem with taking calls.
If I'm, look, a couple of crazy people, a couple of crank calls, no problem.
But when like nine out of ten are idiots, I mean, then it creates a problem.
You follow what I'm saying?
When almost everybody calls like, eh, like that, or like, that guy.
Who now needs that?
That's not a radio show.
But the fact of the matter is you've got to beat these people and what these people,
because this is not a place where the people are like, hey, friendly and outgoing and live.
Hey, you know, how you doing?
No, not here.
Not here.
This is an unfriendly place.
This is a place where you know your neighbors and you fear them.
That's right.
W-Q-A-M.
Q-A-M, hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Neil, I've listened to you for years.
I've met you in person.
You're a totally different person.
When you meet here, you're a great person.
You have a great personality.
I listened to these cranks calling, it's ruined the radio show.
It's the only thing left for us to listen to on the radio.
What do you mean on the radio?
So I think left in this town is the show.
It's the only thing left here.
Actually, we do appreciate.
Neil, I watched that piece on 60 minutes about the translators were told to slow down.
Right.
Because they're trying to get more money for the FBI.
Right.
Now, you know, when I see reports like that, you would think that you would look out the door
and see writing in the street.
Oh, yeah.
You know, it's just amazing.
But yeah, you know, it's like you would hear the next day on the news that this piece was broadcast on 60 minutes.
What are we going to do about it?
Oh, yeah.
All right.
The American public is so, most for the most part, so dumb and so uneducated and so out of it that all they give a crap about is their own little myopic view of life.
They know nothing about the rest of the world.
And so they can be so easily brainwashed and let around by the nose just like this irracting, man.
There's no reason that we need to be going in there.
There's no reason in the world.
So they just keep making up one story after another story.
And if that doesn't work, they make up some other thing about al-Qaeda to this.
And the public says, yeah, whatever you say, you know, like frankly, potentially.
Yeah, sure.
It's not going in there.
It's what the fallout asks the words, you know, that they're not going to be able to control that.
You think the average American can reason that far ahead can explain, you know, in its mind?
No, I explain this to my children when they hear all these reports on this knife or about telling everyone.
Wait a minute, here's Jeb Bush for Chinese.
It should be the same for Haitians.
And I've made that case to the...
Oh, there's Jeb Bush and little Haiti sucking up to the Haitians.
Can D.C. one more time?
Yeah, he's sucking up.
I'm sorry, you're going here.
Neil, I was explaining that to my children, we have to put up with a bad news reporting.
90% of the time just to get a five minute piece, good piece like was on 60 minutes.
Yeah.
Nobody cares.
Nobody cares.
Just like murder and everything else, everybody.
So they're sensitized.
They don't give a crap.
Yeah, also, they'll keep reading those pieces because a lot of us don't have the time or all the information that you come up with.
Okay, you know, we've got five easy pieces for our next star.
Have a great day, pal.
Thank you, sir.
Okay, that's not like an easy piece.
My life and look all this is 440560.
You ain't too way, yeah.
Fab.
Your heart is dirty.
Who's he couldn't, huh?
Thought of he, but it looked better, but it looked better.
Back in the day when someone done us wrong, we didn't take their crap.
In Pearl Harbor, when the jams dropped their bombs, we bombed them back.
And now the Saudis, they hit us hard.
And on our cards, our little flags wave.
As that Saudi love and retard points the bombers the wrong way.
And of embarrassed to be in Americans, where they follow books like she.
Herk the United States of Americans, led by Bush and his family, reading us his country.
Up, and the late daughter of our case in our history.
I don't want to be a tax of Americans in the goddamn USA.
Stupid.
What's a few thousand innocent lives?
Stop living in the past.
If you want that SUV to drive, you're gonna need more gas.
In the greatest country in the world.
They train us to believe.
And anyone who says that, obviously, ends up for to be.
And of embarrassed to be in America, where we take triad and cleave.
Wave a flag in what has, with our head in the sand, it blindly follow.
The powers that be apathetic.
Up, washing state, for news on a 65 inch screen.
Scratch your balls and fire, everything's okay.
In the goddamn USA.
Outlast America.
Here's the mind that took the old lot of country in that bit.
It's 11.03 at 5.60 WQAM.
So the governor was just on air around Jebster going, but I beat.
And Haitian's had him almost backed up in a corner there.
And he's going on about, well, they deserve the same treatment as the Colombians and the Jamaicans and the Dominicans and the Nicaragua.
He didn't mention the Cubans, though.
He was very cautious not to say that.
And he says, well, you're right.
They all should get due process.
And one Haitian woman just right up in his face.
He said, when you, we want you to go and tell your brother to turn them loose to tell your brother.
You think he's going to tell us brother anything except, no, we got to fix it again for you next time.
Who are you?
So there's another reason to vote against Jeb.
Bush because he says that these people ought to be allowed to stay here.
Chinese and Haitians and anybody else who makes it here, they have a right.
Everybody needs to be treated the same.
Everybody get it.
Political persecution.
My ass.
This has got nothing to do with that.
This is economics, baby.
Economics, that's what this is all about.
Economic refugees.
Now, if you're ready to let an every starving person in the world in this country,
and we can feed them and house them and give them food stamps and welfare,
and a 57-chebby and a driver's license and whatever else,
then great.
Then you should vote for Jeb Bush next Tuesday.
Because he's full of crap.
He doesn't believe that for one second.
But they got in between our crock and a hard place as well.
They got him right now.
Like I said, there's 50 more.
I don't understand how he can be heading the polls.
It just amazes me.
It's astonishing to me.
I can understand the two newspapers because they're full of crap.
But how anybody with a brain out there, and of course I remember this is Florida.
So I say anybody with a brain out there and I start looking, oh, here's one.
But there's another one.
WDQIM.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
I want to hear you when I'm in my truck with them.
I'm driving around.
I really didn't get caught up early this morning on his immigration thing with the Haitians and whatnot.
What if that vote had been a high speed power vote,
voted down with terrorists and C4 attacking the bridge?
You know, you know something that's the best point that's been made all day.
And the fact is that the Coast Guard saw the vessel coming.
They had no idea other than they said there are a bunch of people on there.
But they had no idea what else was on there.
And you're right.
They could have done anything they wanted.
They didn't enter into the end of the victim.
It's see there was an article in the air of the s'moring and they referred to two local politicians
who both said, oh no, it's different.
It's different.
It's different.
Different.
It's different.
Yeah.
It's the same day.
Right.
There is a whole one security here that happened.
No.
I'm a boulder.
I spend a long time on a war.
It's wide open out there.
Totally wide open.
Yeah, make sure it makes you feel safe, doesn't it?
Yes, sir.
Anyway, happy birthday next week.
Thanks a lot.
Remember to vote.
Okay, thanks.
Okay.
Here's a fact.
This is like I said yesterday, it must be chronic than bush sucks.
We need to close the borders where everyone lets help the people live here first.
I'm from Cuba.
I'm from Cuba to send it.
Strongly believe that all damn Cubans coming to the country now are worse than ever.
Oh, yeah.
Carlos is smiling here, he agrees with you.
He says that once you're here, it's okay, but the new ones coming and get out of here.
My grandparents came over in the 60s with my mother and aunt.
They worked their ass off in this country.
They started out in New Jersey and worked their way down here.
They believe the same thing we do close the day and borders leave everyone out.
P. Adam, P. Adam also says, go McBride and Hello George.
How do you like that?
He covered all the bases there.
He said, go McBride and Hello George and that too.
So everybody's whipped up at a war frenzy, okay?
See, that's another problem in this town.
Everybody is all whipped up about it.
And of course they have it in Europe too and Britain are like psychotic with the people coming illegal aliens coming in.
And in Amsterdam and in the Netherlands, it's the Moroccans and the Algerians that are coming by the crap load.
There are just tons of them, which isn't to say that they're all bad people, just, you know.
But they do pedal a lot of drugs on the streets, I'll tell you that.
But nevertheless, some competition for the Rastas shows over there, I guess.
But you know, you've got to have control of your immigration.
You can't just let everybody come in and this guy met a great point.
The Coast Guard sees this vessel coming.
Obviously, it's not legal and they have no business coming here.
So why don't they introduce him and see why doesn't the God damn government?
Why doesn't the state of Florida? Why doesn't the God damn federal government, the Coast Guard, take the bull by the God damn horns?
You heard the newspaper.
You heard the newspaper.
The news people saying that the boat slipped by the Coast Guard.
Yeah, it slipped by.
I think somebody in the Coast Guard was wearing a slip, probably a pink one, okay?
It slipped by.
That's great.
And then the governor would do one of the comments he made.
Everybody else's break was on.
I was listening to his idiotic comments.
Well, you know, we have a large coastline.
It's very hard to protect the whole...
Well, that's great. That makes us feel good.
That makes us feel good.
Like they don't have radar and they can't spot all these.
If that's the case, let's just forget about it, okay?
Forget about it.
Anybody that votes for him needs mental help.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Yeah, there's too many people looking for the wicked weed.
Yeah, that's right.
And it's a good point.
It's a damn good thing they didn't have any wacky weed on it, both of you.
They don't have any who's got right now.
What happened when George or rather Jeb Bush borrowed a bunch of money years ago
and never paid it back?
Why don't they make commercial him running down the street with a bag of money?
The way they used to show the tap dancing McBride and all that?
Yeah.
And nobody ever talked about it.
And the other officials that I've been listening to since you were on data four.
And then years ago, I used to listen to Q-A-M.
They had a little jingle that went, jeeeeeen don't laugh.
And anyway, have you ever done anything to say?
It's it.
Oh, Jim Dunlap.
Yeah.
Oh, Jim Dunlap.
I see what you're saying, yeah.
Like a Julio saying it.
Yeah, you hear it.
I hear it.
Then another station that was really great down there with WM U-F.
See, we don't have the Julio one.
We only got the angle one.
Right.
Then WM U-M was a great radio station back during the hippie days.
WM U-N?
Yeah, it was no.
M-U-M.
It was called Mother.
Oh, never gonna be an episode before I got here.
Yeah, you were probably up in Michigan, right?
Yeah.
But anyway, Happy Birthday.
Your birthday falls in my anniversary.
Well, Happy Anniversary.
And my wife and I would be married like 21 years ago.
Really?
That's great.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks a lot for the live.
And thanks for the great entertainment.
Thank you.
See you there very nice today.
We're not getting that kind of called him.
And it's going to be meant well, but the people are okay today.
We got him under control so far.
We got these clowns under control.
Happy Birthday.
Have a great day.
This was a good guy.
What's the problem?
Just that we had people in here before too lazy just to...
We're not even screening the call.
Just put them on hold so that the phone doesn't have to keep bringing that.
That's all.
That's all we have to do.
But when we had George and McGill in there, there are a couple of slackards, man.
A couple of spicks that are going back on a banana boat by noon.
And you notice that you see the book coming here with a muffin?
No.
Now, do you see any of my champion lights?
No.
Did you see McGill come in here and say, oh gee, that's great.
They were gonna be doing the best stuff.
And I'll hop right on that.
No.
No.
No.
We're doing a show in a vacuum.
But of course now that we got that great promotion ahead of us, who don't need any promotion outside.
You don't want to say?
Ten pat, but just as long as the checks clear.
Once you get the first check, once you get the taste of a few bucks and believe me, it won't be much, Carlos.
But once you get the first one, say, hey, that's all I care about.
Just give me the money.
That went all this other crap.
Because basically that's it's a means to an end.
How come I can't find my spot?
Oh, there it is.
Sorry about that.
I do have a book.
I have an old rating book.
Maybe I'll read these numbers from IOD.
I have a whole bunch of old rating books at home, arbitrage.
This is fall in 1995.
I had a good book then and I'll read the numbers in a little while.
Huh?
I like to hear it.
And you notice it's interesting on that station in the morning though, was much stronger.
This I think, Renery was still on, and 95 believe.
I'm not sure.
Somebody correct me if I'm wrong about that.
Was Renery on IOD 95?
I don't know.
Squirt, Squirt.
11 after 11 at 5, 60 WQM.
There's never been a better time to buy you a new home or refinance resisting home.
And how about this low, amazing rate, 3.95%.
That's right.
Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95%.
All you got to do is talk to them.
Call financial group at 1-800-909-4-0-L-E-N-D.
That's 1-800-909-4-050-363.
The money you're going to save is amazing.
It's incredible.
Think about it.
You can get $100,000 loan for 1,450 bucks a month or a $200,000 loan for 1,950 bucks a month.
The process is simple.
You're going to save yourself a crap load of cash, thousands of dollars every year.
So call our good buddies.
If financial group are close personal pals and 1-800-909-4-0-L-N, there's never been a better or smarter time to get you a low interest rate than right now.
So call financial group.
You'll be on the way to big savings.
They're an equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions do apply.
And rates are subject to change.
So call now 1-800-940-L-E-N-D.
That's 1-800-909-4-050-363.
5-800-Local.
This is $560.
The rate is all yours.
Q-A-N.
Oh, shit!
Come on out!
With some crap in her shoe, and some sand-ex in her purse, she's the right-skank governor's daughter, who resembles after her.
She knows that that is the cup.
So if she breaks the law, well, that's tough.
It ain't any hurt, God damn business.
So just keep your big mouth shut when it comes to family values.
A prime example for all of you.
They're ain't nothing like the morals of the good bushman.
Leans all with some crap in her shoe.
No other putt out her will do.
It makes her beat for the tingle and that's all it is.
Come on, you bitch!
That's right, get spoiled!
Beat the crap!
And get the fuck out!
Let's get the fuck out!
116-560-W2-Q-I-M.
See, the right-winger is one of their big issues for years and years has always been, and that's one of the areas I agree with him.
Immigration.
Getting control of the immigration policy, I happen to agree with a lot of what they've said over the years, but...
Isn't it interesting now because for political purposes they have to like...
kind of like couch the way that they present their position because for the Cubans...
Oh yeah, all come on, as long as you get your toe on a land there, you can stay forever.
We'll give you whatever you want.
That's okay.
Because they know that they're all going to vote for them or the overwhelming majority, but on the other hand, anybody else will...
Well, sorry!
Because you're not going to vote for us anyway.
So they got him between a rock and they hard rock cafe is where they got your bush there this morning.
But it'll be put it open about and end that business about, hey, talk to your brother.
Talk to your brother.
Is he talking to his brother?
No.
No chance. No way Jose.
No way Jorge.
Here's the facts from Robin, Miami-Lakes, who's whipped up into a friend and he says, and another good point.
See, this business about the votes slipping through.
Now, I don't happen to believe that, but there's all different reports.
There's different stories.
Remember, like he said in the Godfather, there's all kinds of stories on the street.
Well, there's all kinds of stories on this that they were tracking it all away from Haiti.
They knew it was coming, which, you know, once they get inside the...
What is it? Three miles, the three mile limit?
What's they get inside three miles and they're in our territorial waters?
Why at that point, don't they?
They didn't turn it around and send it back.
If they're really tracking them all the way in the new world's all about.
And number two, if they did slip through, uh-oh.
What does that say about our homeland defense like the truck driver said, huh?
You can't complain about our homeland defense because we don't have any.
And Robin, Miami-Lakes says, if they can't guard and protect a heavily populated area like Miami,
then who knows who's getting into the country in more desolate areas?
Sure.
Like up like, uh, you know, north of Palm Beach County, over on the west coast.
Says, I'll be hiding under the bed. God help us. Play the screams on bed.
Those Robin, Miami-Lakes, there you go, Rob. One more time.
Bonus, bonus, scream, bit.
Good point. John, but hey, I better get with it here, you know what I mean?
I don't mind taking a lot of calls, but I got some important stuff to do here.
Now we got the Noon to One comedy bit R, which we aren't gonna forsake.
I bet you're Noon to One, that's where my good, uh, if it maybe we'll get some food in here too.
Huh, you're for that?
Because I didn't bring in, I brought my breakfast in for balance for life.
Well, I got his spot coming up in, and I hope you're listening to Aireen Truor.
I'm gonna rip you an ass.
Oh, seriously, can you believe the Hutzpah-Discoy?
He's used the beast as much as he can, and now he just wants to like toss him to the wolves?
Right.
Like the Haitians to the, uh, back out in the water again?
Oh yeah, throw him back.
He's not a keeper.
That, that's grotesque.
Christen, uh, Joseph and Esther.
Man, what is that all about?
And he's sending George here over free food.
How many times have I said, why are you getting free food?
He doesn't need to look, because he's a free loader.
He's a free loader.
He'll respect that, George.
He doesn't need free meals.
Plus if I say, oh, let's get some food in here.
He just shoves it off to the side anyway.
Oh, okay, what can we get free, you know?
He's a little free loader, which I don't blame, because he's not making any money.
But still, if we have to choose between two,
between feeding the beast or feeding George, I say we feed the beast.
Because he's the one that needs to lose weight.
John Bonet, this is incredible, this story.
And it goes on for so many pages I came from.
John Bonet, uh, uh, where is it?
Bomshell.
Oh, here it is.
John Bonet, well, I got it all stapled together, okay?
It's from the God damn inquirer.
It's meant multiple pages.
John Bonet, uh, Bomshell, Patsy's writing is an exact match.
And you notice, there's not really enough a lot to rethink in this,
because it's got pictures of the, uh, the ransom note, the alleged ransom note.
Right.
And then her handwriting.
And more, look at that.
This is, this is the ransom note, and then that's her writing.
You see any difference?
No, no, no, no, no, none at all.
How do you like that, Patsy?
Huh?
I don't want to say you'd done it, but...
Anyway, the inquirer says,
In a blockbuster world exclusive,
the inquirer has obtained never before seen handwriting samples that Patsy rammed zeroes
for police investigating the murder of her daughter, John Bonet.
Well, it's only what, six years ago?
And handwriting experts say the writings are an exact match to the fake two-and-a-half page ransom note
left at the scene of the crime.
What's more the most compelling sample that implicates right-handed Patsy as the ransom note author is the once you wrote with her left hand?
You can actually superimpose words from the ransom note
over words that Patsy wrote with her left hand, and they're a near-perfect match.
Top-hag writing experts, Ted Woodmer, who has testified in many court cases,
and taught handwriting ID to police and district attorneys, told the inquirer.
Patsy wrote that ransom note, and she wrote it with her opposite hand.
That conclusion was echoed by leading handwriting analyst Gideon Epstein,
sounds like a Jew to me, who was taught forensic document,
document examination to Army criminal investigators,
US Treasury agents, and others since 1969.
Epstein examined the same handwriting samples obtained by the inquirer for his testimony,
he's given in a lawsuit filed against John and Patsy Ramsey by a Boulder Colorado man,
named as a suspect by John Bonet's parents.
And in a recent deposition given under wrote Epstein declared,
I'm absolutely certain that she, Patsy, wrote the ransom note.
Absolutely certain, positively, absolutely.
When pressed by Ramsey attorney, West is that 60% certain Epstein replied,
no, that's 100% certain.
Following the Christmas night, 1996 murder like I said six years ago.
A little beauty queen in Ramsey's Boulder home,
Patsy and John both gave handwriting samples on the supervision of detectives
and state police enlist from the Colorado Bureau of Investigation.
John gave samples on two occasions in Patsy five times between December 28, 96 and May 20,
1997.
The couple wrote out a so-called London letter,
an investigative tool that forces the right to use every letter of the alphabet
and numerals from 0 to 9.
They printed the full ransom note on a white legal pad using a Sharpie pen.
Oh, look what I got.
Sharpie.
Sharpie, I think I did it.
As the author of the ransom note did.
Over and over again, they copied individual words from the ransom note,
which threatened that the two gentlemen watching over your daughter would be head-jombin-a if
instructions were not followed to the letter or authorities were contacted.
During one sampling session, Patsy was also told a write letter off the top of her head.
She chose in one paragraph to use the words,
two gentlemen, more which are exact words from the ransom note.
The analyst from the Colorado Bureau of Investigation also had John and Patsy write a strangely altered version of the ransom message
that contained all the words from the original note.
Patsy was asked to write that altered version with her left hand during her fourth hand writing sample session
with investigators April 12, 1997.
That's only five and a half years ago.
And a source told the CVI, the inquirer, was that sample more than any others that convinced authorities
that Patsy wrote the note with her opposite hand.
As the inquirer revealed in their September 24, 2000 issue,
Patsy is ambidextrous.
She can do it with both hands.
A high school teacher who taught Patsy in her hometown of Parker's,
Berk West, Virginia, a teacher never interviewed by police, clearly remembered that Patsy could write with her right and her left hand.
The teacher and I got into discussion about Patsy's handwriting, Jackie Goodwin.
A teacher's union represented Tully and Quirer and he said, by the way,
Patsy could write with both hands.
He said matter of factly like it was just one of her many talents, no big deal.
The Ramsey's former housekeeper, Linda Hoffman-Pew, disclosed to the inquirer,
Patsy told me I can do a lot of things with my left hand. I'm ambidextrous.
I'm not touching that.
That's what she said, too.
And Patsy herself told the inquirer in an interview last year that she could write well with her left hand but not very well.
Handwriting expert Woodmer analyzed all the secret handwriting samples obtained exclusively by the inquirer.
It's really amazing if you go through every letter in a ransom note you can find those matching forms somewhere in samples.
Patsy gave the police said Woodmer, chairman of the Graphological Society of San Francisco,
an author of the book, Crime and Penmanship, whose invented several devices to aid in handwriting analysis.
Woodmer agreed wholeheartedly with former boldly-in detective Steve Thomas, not the hockey player.
A lead investigator into John Bannays' murder who revealed that 24 of the alphabet's 26 letters found the Mance of Note looked as if they'd been written by Patsy.
The ransom note copy Patsy made to write with a sharpie pen using her right hand looks nothing like the original ransom note, Woodmer said,
but her left hand sample is very revealing.
To the untrained eye, it may look nothing like the original ransom note, but it is my belief she tried to fake this sample and can probably write much better with her left hand than she's letting you believe.
She couldn't fake everything, however, their incredible matches to the real ransom note.
The word carefully in the first line of the left hand sample is an exact match for the word carefully in the first line of the ransom note.
You can practically superimpose one over the other and they got them right here in my hand from the inquirer.
Go out and pick up the inquirer and take a look at it.
Or just at the newsstand. Just open it up and take a peek at it and throw it on the floor.
The same is true for the word faction in the fourth line of the sample and third line of the ransom note.
The word that in the third line of the sample and the second line of the ransom note and the word letter in the 13th line of the sample and tenth line of the ransom note.
You're writing all that down good.
Several times when she writes the word will in the sample, they show matches to some of the will words in the note.
Most repeating are her percent signs in both the left hand and sample in the ransom note.
They're perfect little circles that match.
You try to do that if you can't write with both hands. You can't do it.
Another compelling point in the passie is the author of the ransom note is found.
In the sample letter she was asked to compose, it's the big spaces she puts between the word i and the word next to that personal pronoun said woodmour.
Look at the ransom note when a pronoun i is written. There are the same big spaces left between it.
And the next word it was something she didn't think to fake, something that came out naturally.
How do you like that? How the inquiries says she wrote the note.
Which means either she done it or he done it or they done it. Somebody done it.
How much did they pay to bold the police to ignore that?
They don't have to pay anybody off. They're just incompetent. Don't you understand? I mean I realize incompetent police is very unusual.
I mean they didn't have like the moosey man and boulder.
If they were going to just sent the moosey man over to boulder we saw that turkey like five years ago. Easy.
Just like who killed cock robinies. We're going to that one next.
Speaking of that gay leading man opened the closet door for lesbians.
There's a whole thing and they're obsessed with the fags in this issue of the inquire.
Yeah it isn't inquire. So first it starts out with the whole thing about power lesbians.
Like power. And then we got to think about leading men. And of course all of these people happen to be dead.
Always a coincidence that every time they start talking about this one was gay and they're all dead.
But it's still interesting because everybody wants to know. Why they want to know because they're nosy.
So what do you think about poor John Bane?
Huh? What do you think about two earring Troy over there? It's balanced for life.
It's a great program and it may help you lose weight like crazy. But.
But here the beast has lost 58 pounds in just a few months.
We've saved his life and just at the moment when he's starting to look really human,
get some color in his face. You can actually see what his body parts look like which ain't too good.
But nevertheless. And now Troy says, well I tell Troy Stratford our own vault had a Troy.
We've kind of used him for all we can get out of him. And now let's maybe cut him off.
I wonder if beast knows about that point. He'd be really upset.
Yeah, I think he does. He does know about that.
I think so. I don't know. This is the same thing, but he had an issue.
And issue. Well, I got news for you two earring Troy. There better be no issues with our buddy to beast because
well until we get him under 200 pounds, then you can put him on his own. Okay. You can throw him back into water.
I think they took away his weekends or something like that.
Yeah. Well, give him back. Stop giving that little spick George food. You don't need it. Okay.
He's a skinny as a rail. Really frost my ass because it's it's a great program to bring it little black sack right to your door at work at home every morning by six o'clock in the morning.
And then there's your food for the whole day. Three delicious gourmet meals. I had a spinach.
Yeah, I'm with this morning. I mean a Spanish omelet that was just out of the difference.
Spicked. I had a Spanish omelet this morning. It was great. Three gourmet meals.
Two delicious nice right to do nothing frozen. Nothing pre-packaged. It's all fresh.
You just pop it into microwave or some of it you read out of your or thing.
And there's a lot of great fresh fruit in there too. Good stuff.
And they let you choose. They give you menu. You choose two choices for each meal every day that's around a program.
That's all you choose. No cooking. No shopping. No cleaning. No calorie counting. No carbohydrate counting. They do all that for you.
So the balance for life help you lose that weight by calling him today.
And also it's too loud about the beast when you call and say, hey listen, we're big fans of the beast.
He got screwed over by Moa in that morning. Show don't you be screwing him over again too. Okay.
He'll go off the deep end at poor little bastard called balance for life.
I'm serious. It just breaks my heart. He's a good guy. He deserves our help. We're trying to help him stay alive.
And this guy wants to just use him and cut him loose like some kind of illegal alien.
And by the way, he's an American citizen. So how do you like that? You dickhead.
Call balance for life at nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine five six eight thirty two twenty nine.
Or visit their website at balanceforlife.com.
We're sports radio five six eight.
You a. M.
My dad.
Not me.
He went to and he had me up.
When I was on the day when I was killed by my daddy.
I was a little queen.
It's not a beauty of history. I'm up to one to know.
He beat me and beat me with the mouth her house.
And that's my head as you know. He's up the end.
Oh, so so come on out. So they're gonna let him go.
My dad like me.
He beat me to get up.
Tell me someone who did it.
You'll never hear him.
I did it.
But I don't have me.
I don't have me.
She I feel better about my girl.
He just came in and potted and looks a lot better than he usually does.
He looks really good because he got laid last night.
1133 on his new mattress on a new dollar mattress.
He said it's really good.
He said he don't roll off the edge anymore like he used to.
27 till noon.
Yeah, it's true.
Probably is.
27 before noon.
We got the mad dog coming up on the hopper at three o'clock this afternoon.
Hopper kills an hour with Iroh Windman between four and five.
See, I don't care about the NBA.
So, you know, I realize Hank ain't doing a show for me.
You know, plus I'm not in the car at that hour anyway.
But if I were, or if I am, or if I will be, it's just,
I don't care about a bunch of seven-foot tall sparsers.
It's okay.
It's not my bag.
So, we got a whole hour of Iroh Windman's a good guy.
So, let's cut him some slack.
And then Hank will be on after that anyway from five to seven four solid hours, man.
Seriously, now that baseball season's over, he better lose another ounce or two with the hopper.
He lost a little weight.
Now, what are you laughing about?
He lost a little weight while I was going during the summertime and I answered two.
See, he and I, we always say, yeah, we lost a little and look around.
What was it?
Now, we lost a little bit, solely but surely.
Detroit, the boy called in and say he's going to take care of the beast he should have called you by now.
Nope.
He better take care of that fat little bastard.
Josh, speaking of fat little bastards, Josh Friedman between seven eighth and we got the shittgo Panther preview at eight o'clock, eight thirty.
I know it's eight thirty, but nobody came in here corrected it.
See, Clarence, he's still, he's wet behind the ears.
He's a good kid, Clarence, but the kid being the upper to work, he ain't no kid career either.
Panthers at the Dallas stars tonight, any interest?
No.
Okay, boy, the stars are so boring to watch.
I know they were tied for first place and they've got fourteen points.
Minnesota's got fourteen points.
The Tampa Bay Lightning got fourteen points.
How about that lease?
They didn't lose last night, Chris. They didn't play.
Well, hey, listen, it's better than most lately.
And tomorrow night, who think playing in the United Atlanta?
A girl's team, they usually lose to them.
After the hockey game, we got Eddie K from O.G.A.
Thanks to that guy for reminding me that.
I've been slipping.
That's from being away, right Tom?
And Tom Jic has got the cooking show schedules in the Sunsendle today.
And Joe and Mark overnight.
We know it's a thirty-first. Tomorrow's got him in there.
It's already on the website.
So if you want to see the cooking show schedules, click on the Sunsendle website
and go to Tom Jic or Q&A, etc.
And so on.
Cooking show schedules.
Right.
Here's the fact that says,
Neil, I'm sending, seeing this guy thinks I'm not going to read the Sun here.
I'm going to read it.
I have no comment.
I mean, to reach its own.
It says, I'm sending this facts because I'm fairly certain that you would not feel like discussing this on the year.
Why not?
I'm just thanking you for having such a great website.
Well, Eric must have sent this.
It says, I know that it has problems, but at least it's free.
I didn't have any problems other than the archives is not Eric's fault.
We can't do it because I'm not going to explain it anymore, okay?
We can't do it because it's striked by the guy that am actors and performers on the commercials.
And because we can't delete the commercials,
we'll take like a thousand hours of somebody's time, which we don't have.
And Miguel did look extra good today.
I think he's spruced up before he came in and he's trying to suck up now.
It says, I have to pay $7 a month to listen to Phil Henry.
Are you sure?
$7 is not a lot of money and that's not the problem.
The problem is really just the principle of it all.
What makes Heshow so damn special, like this fans can't enjoy it whenever they want to,
without shelling out their heart or in dough.
At your site, you're having troubles with the archives.
I believe you're letting people listen to the best of it without needing more money.
I think that you're great if we were gay,
you and I would do it and go have pizza love when we're done.
Then go home and make fun of Mo.
God bless.
Well, how do you like that?
If he was gay, which I'm sure if he were gay, I probably wouldn't look at him anyway.
But that's beside the point.
Gay.
Speaking of gay, Bush's radio day.
I have no comment on that.
I don't like this business that charges first up on the, you know,
if you've got a product that you're selling, sure.
It's just like, like some of these newspapers that you have to,
you want from the archives, you got to put your goddamn credit card in there.
We're on air and pay for it.
That's bull crap.
Why is that?
It's already in there.
They don't have to do anything.
The information's already loaded in there.
Why should you have to pay to check the archives?
Agreed.
Yeah.
I don't even like to think I have it a register like the LA Times,
the New York Times, and I think the Washington Post, those three.
When you go online and you want to get stories,
you've got to register, you know, your name and shoe size and all bunch of other crap.
That's not right.
I know it's like a set of advertisers.
Yeah, that's right.
Then they peddle your name and advertise.
Oh, I'm going to tell you yesterday.
I'm going to tell you Governor Bush.
If you get reelected my good post-friend, Jeb.
You jackass.
No, seriously, something has got to happen with this telephone soliciting business.
It's reached the point now where I'm ready to go nuts.
Go nuts.
You look on your call screening and it says out of area.
Well, I mean, that could be people I know.
I mean, my friend John's over at Amsterdam could be him calling because
a lot of times you get long distance calls.
It'll say out of area or private call or whatever.
And you pick up the phone.
Can I speak to a good part of it?
It's my real name.
The last name is so God damn long.
They don't know how to pronounce it.
So a lot of times, hello, and they just click and you they go on.
But no, seriously, that happens many times, thankfully.
And I just say he's not here.
Okay, thank you.
I must have had seven calls yesterday.
And I didn't have one to lunch at mommy's yesterday so I didn't get home.
No three.
So between three and 11 o'clock when I went to bed, I had seven solicitors calling.
Didn't speak to any of them, but it's a pain in the ass.
It is a pain in the ass.
Who the hell are you to be calling my guy?
Oh, another one came out of facts.
A fact solicitation, too.
So that's eight.
Leave us alone.
Our home is our castle.
Leave us the hell alone.
Okay, you lunatics.
You mean it should be illegal.
Yes, it should.
It should absolutely be positively illegal.
When you have an unlisted number like I do, you don't want assholes.
That's why you paid for in the first place.
The actor buck them out to whatever it is.
Not to have your number in a book.
But they don't care.
They got it all on that rotary thing all the numbers in order.
They keep dialing down.
They don't give a crap.
22 till noon at QAIMS.
It's when a Bush's radio day gets static from Democrats.
Gay.
No day.
He's obsessed with that.
Radio talk show host are setting up shop on the White House lawn today to interview cabinet secretaries and top administration officials.
Democrats say President Bush is using his office to give Republicans an unfair edge six days before elections.
It reeks of an inappropriate mix of politics and official business since Jennifer Palmaria spoke for him for the DNC.
Radio day held in a heated tent to fight Washington's unseasonable mid-40s chill.
Is the latest example of Bush's willingness to use all the tools of the presidency to boost Republican candidate chances.
This is from USA today, by the way.
He's wielding his popularity and ability to grab headlines to make the case for the importance of the Republican agenda.
I wonder if they're going to be playing that bootstop in music in the background.
The tent will be from 6 a.m. to 7 30 p.m. from about 50 radio hosts and reporters to broadcast live to millions of listeners.
Cinecated conservative pompous asses Olly North and Sean Hannity will be there.
Fat ass Russian limbo was invited by the decline. The White House is not picking up the tent for travel costs.
Oh, that's why he probably declined. He couldn't afford the two seats.
Guests for eight to ten in interviews include Don Rumsfeld, John Ascroff, Colin Powell and Paul Roeal, Don Evans,
Day 11s. Even White House staffers who really do interviews will make the rounds including Chief of Staff Andy Card,
National Security Advisor Condoleez and Senior Advisor Carl Rove.
How do you like that? Also in the bottom of the... Oh, it's from Merch Factor.
Do you remember WSAYY and Rochester? Of course I remember. I almost went to work there at WSAYY. I didn't take the job.
WSAYY, one of the most bushly radio stations ever. It says very strange top 40.
Sister Station at WINA and Buffalo, NIA, also at the NIA. They have... They have... They have the same name.
Mike Melody, Jerry Jerks, whatever it was. Yeah, everybody had the same name. WSAYY, 14.
I believe it was 14.70 on the dial, something like that. Rich?
And how come the weather guy was talking about Candidate with a day on CNN? That was very, very strange, okay?
Very, very strange on CNN, which is seeing all of it a goddamn world. And the weather guy is talking about it snowing in Candidate with a New York.
Well, that is very exciting, okay? I'll see it Roseland Park when they rebuild it.
Now, seriously, I mean, how many people know where to help Candidate? I went to high school there. I lived there for several years.
So I know where it is, but who now knows where that is?
Unless it was the only place in the country that was... It was not the only place in the country where we're snowing, okay?
Believe me. Trust me. Trust your meteorological ace.
Twenty-two noon, and don't forget our big noon to one hour, and sit back and relax, eat all the free food that's coming in.
Or we don't have any food coming in. That's good. I don't Candid today.
In fact, do we have a sack? I wish we had somebody sack. I'd steal our food out of it. Georgian, get a sack today.
I think I might be able to find one somewhere.
With food in it?
Well, I thought I'd find...
You did see one outside? I thought that's the one for... Let's see... Probably Carlos is shoving it down his fat, fatty pus, huh?
Ooh, I wouldn't... Oh, man. I wouldn't get near it if he even looked into it. Good, golly.
He's got more rings than things. He had open up a store called Rings and Things.
You've heard of wings and things. He had all rings and things. He's got rings on his... Everything.
And Georgian, the one was telling me about it.
19 till noon at 5.60 WDQM. If you got a big empty ring on the top of your head known as a bald spot, well, it's not pretty.
It's not a pretty sight. This is one of God's tricks that he plays on men. Why not women so much? I don't know. Maybe he likes women.
But the fact of the matter is that ugly bald spot, if you're a young guy, especially, it makes you look a lot older than you are number one.
And number two, it's not good for your social life or your work life. Nobody wants to deal with like a bald young guy, you know? Except maybe he likes Luther. But other than that.
So pick up the phone and call my buddy Chuck Alfie or get yourself a great looking natural looking head of hair is natural hairline system.
For over 25 years, anybody with a half a brain has been known that Charlie's the only guy they want to see to get their hair back.
Because nobody else in the world has a hair system that looks so great. Every other one, including Dennis Cassini, shall admit it.
They look like Marv Albert on a bad day. They look like well, how are they going to do it on a bad day?
If you don't want to look like that, forget about it. Pick up that phone and call 1-800-321-2413.
And you'll be a $200 QM discount for mentioning my name. Charlie also services and repairs all kinds of hair systems.
Why do you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks and can almost always make them look a lot better?
And you get that 30 day guarantee. I don't have to lose, but that big, ugly bald spot. If you don't for 30 days look better and love the way you look and feel and smell.
If you're not getting a head like at least 15, 20 times a day, just give the hair back and say here, you move on with money back. No problem.
Call them right now 1-800-321-2413 and get you a great looking head of hair or check on their website, CharlesAlphieri.com.
I'm getting pounded.
We put a retarded girl in our all-new Machitsu B-sheet to show you how well it drives.
Our agency thought this would move some product out of the showroom.
Look at her go. This is funnier than watching retards at the park.
If someone had severely retarded, you'd have that much fun in a different place.
How can you believe that we have online security when somebody says, well, you know, they just slip through. How can anybody believe that?
Anyway, no more refugees close the gates. Just change the game. Just at 490, no more refugees close the gates. 59.3%-291. They should be sent back immediately 76-15.5%.
I wonder how many times the governor voted on that. 70-74.8% almost 75% of those two. They should be allowed to apply for political asylum 73-14.8%. They should be allowed to stay 27-5.5%. I don't know we had that many Haitians.
And only Cubans should be allowed to stay when they reach the US 23-4.6%. Only Cubans. And I have to check them out first.
Speaking of that, speaking of gay, gay leading man opened the closet door for lesbians. I could waste my time with this power lesbian thing changing the push of Hollywood. I don't think so. I'll leave the lesbians to Howard's sperm.
Some of the biggest stars in Hollywood have played much of roles on the big screen and led secret double lives as homosexuals. In other words, gay.
In the book behind the screen how gays and lesbians shaped Hollywood author William J. Mann rips the lid off many of Tinseltown's gay secrets. And the inquirer picks up where the book leaves off by exposing other stars who hid their homosexuality from their adoring fans.
Dashing Carrie Grant was a regular at gay Hollywood parties and when his studio demanded the actor play the game and appeared to be straight, he married actress Virginia Cheryl. It was a disastrous union from the start. After only a few months, Grant became a sullen drunk and attempted suicide.
Man discloses in his book he divorces his new bride and went back to living with his boyfriend Randolph Scott. And the pair romped their way through the gay clubs that dominated Hollywood scene in the 1930s. Great Scott.
Handsome leading man rock Houtton worked furiously to keep his gayness as secretly was on his deathbed with AIDS in 85. Throughout his long career, the actor took much of roles and even married his agent secretary to hide his homosexuality.
Houtton was so successful in his cover up that even some of his close to Hollywood associates, including Doris Day, his coaster on three hit films were fooled, said Doris. I never had the remotest idea he was gay.
Well, this isn't the inquirer, but I'm not so sure I buy that because I've seen the thing on the VH one or biography or somewhere. I don't know. I think she said otherwise.
I don't know. Now, I'm not asking you what the hell do you know about Doris Day and rock Hudson? You don't even know who the LAR Jesus Christ punk. I think I do. You think you do. Yeah. Doris Day.
Okay, Sarah, Sarah, and she was in. She was pretty good. She was okay. She was in some Hitchcock movies. What was she in? I don't know.
Caesar Romero was touted as Aladdin, the he-man in moving on. That's Caesar Romero. Oh, no.
Yeah. As a real he-man in movie magazine, he was Latin. What do you expect? But in real life, he had a long love affair with fellow actor Tyrone Power, Cory DeMann. Tyrone Power. We knew he was one. Who is that the ridler?
Yes. Very good. Caesar Romero was the ridler. No, the ridler was Frank Orson.
No, the Joker, the Joker. The Joker was, uh, seen how you got me confused. Burgess Meredith was the penguin.
The Joker was a Cedar Mara. Okay. You start- you start- you start- you get me look and of course Bert Ward. Hey, Bert, is that really something in your titsers at a salami? Huh? Wow.
Romero and Power played the game well. They were 10 gatherings where they were mostly- they were mostly gays. They understood the need for discretion and associate stated.
Power would meet one of his young boyfriends at the time, designer Mr. Blackwell, the known as Dick Ellis. In his dressing room and take long rides, speeding off to Malibu so they wouldn't be seen together. He liked Dick.
Scree and Hunk Bert Lancaster was a shameless womanizer, but many who knew him believed he also vetted men. Not Bert Lancaster from here to eternity? Oh, no.
In a tell-all biography of the superstar that stunned Bert's fans in 1995, he wrapped his death. Author Gary Fishgall said that Adela Luria, a dialogue coach who worked with Bert on several of the Italian films, told him in Italy Bert is known as Visexual. And of course in Italy, almost everybody is anyway.
At the dawn of Hollywood filmmaking, the first superstar was J. Warren Kerrigan, who posted a fast-tuning, buckskin wearing cowboy. In fact, the king of cowboys was a perfumed effeminate sissy who couldn't punch his way out of a paper bagman discloses. How do you like that?
Don't shoot, don't shoot. Pampered and powdered Kerrigan would sit hardly in his makeup to hear while the studio beautician turned him into a Hanson movie cowboy.
Maybe he knew the kosher cowboy. In 1910, he was the most recognized male face in silent movies, but it was constantly mocked by film crews for being so prissy and his mother never went out of the house he built for himself and his male lover.
The world was shocked in 1990 when news leaked out that psychostar Anthony Perkins then married with two teenage children and had a secret gay life and was stricken with AIDS.
More shock came in 1996, four years after Perkins death, when the biography split image by Charles Weinkoff revealed that one of Perkins' favorite gay playmates was Hollywood Hunk, Tab Hunter. What a shock that is, not.
A few years later, Hollywood actor Ray Strickland's book Angels and Demons, One Actor's Hollywood Journey, revealed more about Hunter's private life.
Tab preferred the company of men, but there were no fireworks when we connected. He wrote, we met and had sex, and that was almost too fast too.
Fast, it was quick. It was like, hi, how are you doing?
Squirt, squirt.
Thank you.
Flamboyant pianist Liberace died of AIDS in 1987 without ever confirming his homosexuality. Is there any doubt?
No.
Oh boy. Better dig into that. His greatest fear was that his fans, especially the grandma's loved him so much, would find out that he was gay and be so horrified they would turn against him to clear his former live in lover Scott Thorson.
Although Robert Reed played on TV's favorite family man on the Brady Bunch, he lived a secret gay life of one-eyed stands and sex for hire men and eventually died of AIDS in 1992.
He always went for the same type. A young man about 19 would blonde hair and blue eyes.
Oh right.
Sounds good to me. Said one man who used to spend time and Reed's favorite hang out at Gay Bar on Laguna Beach, California. They all called him a $200 trick. He gave them $100 for sex and extra $100 to shut up.
For $200, I hope they were really good. Well, they're making a difference now, I guess.
Aristotle O'Nass has had an affair with a 22-year-old man while I was married to Jackie.
Oh!
Hmm. The Greek billionaire. What's he like? Greek.
The Greek billionaire's former aide, Frank Mottie, claimed he caught Erie and Bedworthy a 22-year-old and said the tycoon tried to seduce him too.
Screen goddess's Liz Taylor and Marilyn Monroe both tried to seduce Montgomery Cliff, but the handsome actor was only interested in other men, as if we didn't know that. Poor Mottie.
According to Liz, Cliff would play the art and mail with her fanning her hopes that he would fall in love with her, and then he'd suddenly appear with some boy he'd picked up.
Said Liz, I knew he was meant to be with a man and not a woman I had discussed it with, and I introduced him to some really nice young guy.
He's probably in the fag head that she is, has been. James D was another star who had a lady swimming in fooled and fooled about his sexual identity.
One day Jimmy asked me if I'd worked with him on a scene-strictly note while I was attempting to feed him his lines he suddenly switched his position, putting his head in my lap.
Before I knew what happened he lifted his head from my lap and kissed me firmly on the lips.
Oh, how disgusting!
The witch star Dick Sargent came out of the closet in 1991 and Quarer Blockbuster saying, I'm going to do it to stop living a lie.
The actor's good friend and wife on the show, Liz Montgomery knew the truth, but Sargent hit his homosexuality from the rest of the cast in the public.
I could portray a husband because I'm an actor, he said, acting a heterosexual man is no different than portraying a murderer or a hunchback. It's acting, he said.
How do you like that, huh? Which most of those we knew. But a couple pretty interesting ones there, huh?
Kerry Grant?
To Ron Power?
You don't even know who the hell any of those people are.
Oh, what are two?
Like who?
You know, scary Grant?
Oh, here's another great story in Tampa. All you NRA nuts who invaded our pool yesterday, you lunatics.
Tampa, a three-year-old boy was in critical condition yesterday after apparently shooting himself in the Meckin's parents' bedroom.
Quinn Birchfield was shot around 738 last night, police said, or Monday night.
They described the incident as an accident. The boy's father, Steven Birchfield, heard the shot, found his wounded son called rescue personnel.
Tampa police spokesman Joe Durkin said, Birch, no relation to Tom Durkin, said Birchfield, 33, left his 32 caliber semi-automatic hang on inside his jeans on a dresser in the room.
The boy began, the founder, going to begin playing with, the sisters couldn't get to him before he pulled the trigger Durkin, said, the bullet logs in the neck. He's in critical condition.
How do you like that?
Oh, we're going to, here's chronic Joey. Hey, Joey, get lost. Okay, with your chronic stupid faxes.
Go away. Whatever your real name is. Idiot.
Here's the faxes to kneel the queen. We need to spend more money on a coast guard, less Haitians more weed, send jet back to Haiti.
No, okay. And it goes on. I think I went far enough on that.
Okay, we got the big noon to one hour coming up, man. And of course we all got a big smile on our face.
Did you go look for a sack yet? Of course not. They're not any food in this joint, is there?
A little check now.
Yeah, let's go sniff around. See if we got anything. And if not, we'll have to call somebody or not.
Or not, I need to lose an answer to before I get out of here.
Of course Miguel is going to come in at one o'clock. I can always four minutes till noon at five, 60.
WGAY, QAM. Hey, don't forget. It's a Wednesday. That means Pompadot Park is open tonight for live racing every Wednesday Friday and Saturday.
And by the way, Steve Wolf, don't forget my phone number here on the air out to Mickey McNichol.
Okay. Every time I've been on Mickey for some strange reason, he always finishes fourth. I wonder what that's all about.
Pompadot Park open Wednesday Friday and Saturday post on 715, free general parking, free clubhouse and grandstand admission every afternoon evening.
Want to come out for an evening or great horse racing action?
Root home a winner from the rail, treat yourself to a private boxy on the fourth floor, or enjoy a Ben and Jerry's hot butt Sunday.
Or slice of balladies pizza. Who Ben and Jerry's hot butt Sunday sounds good to me. Don't forget every Wednesday and like tonight's dollar night at the track, you can get a drap here hot dog soda large pretzel or popcorn or near buck a piece.
Pompadot Park's excellent top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor is open every live racing night for fine dining featuring chef Kirk Ladez, nightly specials and the best seafood steaks and prambered dinners in town.
Even I, Neil Rogers, it says, enjoys eating at the top of the park restaurant. What a pompous line. Even I, even a big shot like me enjoy.
Yeah, I do. And of course I like the price too every scene at the top of the park restaurant offers a panoramic view of the races as a private little TV monitor and you say, where's Wally? Hey, Wally, are you in this race? Hey, Wally over here, Wally.
There's also a great all you can eat, but fan the fourth floor players last for only 1095 per person every racing night.
Pompadot Park offering you full card soundlecasting every day of your life, seven days a week starting in noon with highlight harness and turbo racing action.
Beware of David Miller, he's dangerous. Pompadot Park and Powerline Road, one block south of Atlantic Boulevard, live racing night, 715 p.m.
Live in local town, your sports radio 560s, you a UAM.
The Steve Goldstein, but you can call me Kelsey. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to, wait a minute, I am in town. It's the 12th of one hour.
That!
Where we found local cheese that won't stay on the hair is blonde, shake my fun and turn guys on, but there's a place where all the guys here had to go.
I can make guys grow right behind their seats.
I can make just roll with my mind and booty.
Oh right.
That's where fair blood flows cause such a beauty it's one of those things I work for.
Be in such a beggar, I can make guys grow with my mind and booty.
That's where fair blood flows cause such a beauty it's one of the things I work for.
Be in such a beggar, be in such a beggar.
Squirt, Squirt.
Hey, you're cooking on heads. It's me, Janet boobs a granite renal. And I am hot man. I am pey-ord. Just plain old, hand off.
What name a Sam Hill Hampton is what I want to know? First they had trouble with dangling chants.
Now they got these touchscreen jobbies that don't work worth a crap. I think they got them from Jet Blue.
There's some of them old ones they use to play electronic poker on. I mean, Heaven's the Betsy. This is voting. It's serious.
I know that after the week how I will beat a victor.
Actually let me clarify, I will still be Janet. But I'll also be victor. Capiche.
I got half a mind to get my red toyota 4x4 pickup and head down to Havana. I'll load up some locals and put this thing over the tap.
The biggest problems were indeed in Broward counties. Two of my strongest areas. I mean I personally slept over 4,000 men and women in those aforementioned areas which should have secured me certain victory.
But instead I got to put a hold ski on my new victory party. The hammers and nails I'm freaking. Not to mention in the middle of this whole mess of crap. One of my beans went bad on me.
I'll bet you dollars to donuts that little bastard Ilian Gonzalez had something to do with this. Either that or that DM Marino.
I never bought into that whole isa toner glove daily bag. You ain't heard the last from Janet boobs at Granite Reenol Florida.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
All right.
I'll see you later.
Uh-huh.
I'm going to go away today.
I'm going to go away today.
I'm going to go away today.
I'm going to go away today.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is in a tuba show.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
Ilian Gonzalez is full of cowboy deck.
you and not with the Lord.
Not with the Lord.
In other words, in hell.
I don't know.
I fear no one alone.
No one can be.
Cause they hate part of his body.
Like a limo.
You fear that that Roman Catholic community
is they hate your nephew's body?
Yes.
All right.
We have on the line in Van Ays here, a Roman Catholic priest on KFI in 640.
Hello.
How you doing?
Good.
Good.
I just met, first of all, by putting my condolences to you on the line with your nephew.
Are you a priest?
Yes, I am.
Yes.
Okay.
So I just want to mention Greg's present before you, okay?
Yes.
So this is just you've been missing from the Bible.
Right.
Why do you eat people?
Well, if you just hang on, I'll explain to you what I believe is.
And then you can draw your own conclusion.
But you eat people?
Let me explain what our teaching is and you draw your own conclusion.
Let the father explain, okay?
Okay.
So, first of all, we believe that when we see communion, we receive the body and blood
of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Oh, oh, oh, my God.
Well, hold on, man.
I mean, I'm just calling to let you know what I believe is.
You eat flesh and blood.
If you want to look at it, that way, that's fine.
Oh, my God.
That's fine.
This is our belief and you draw your own conclusion.
I want to vomit.
Man, you got to let the father explain.
Well, when I want to have you here and talk about it, you can't let this infirm.
This is like a show, razor, like a clip, like a girl.
Okay, the answer is that because you've been missing form about what happened to your lips
and I'll read it.
You eat the butt, you eat the whole damn thing.
Excuse me?
Don't you eat it?
We eat the host, yes.
The host.
But he sees the whole body and the whole man.
That's not what I said.
You said you eat the blood and the flesh.
Of who?
Oh, the man.
No, of Jesus Christ.
Oh, God, oh, that is a blast to me.
Well, if you took the lead, guys,
or I'm trying to do it until you're gone, I believe, to give you the vision form.
Do you eat a pulmonary tube?
I'm not in the answer, guys.
I don't understand what that means.
What does this man talk about eating the Lord Jesus?
Let him finish.
Let him just say what he has to say.
For the Scripture's man, where Jesus took bread and blessed and broken and said,
take this and eat it.
This is my body.
Oh, God.
This is good Friday.
Exactly.
And you're talking about eating up on Jesus.
I can tell you that.
We believe.
You're grovin' on Jesus, ain't you?
You're grovin' all over on Jesus.
If I could just say to the Lord.
In my nephew, what about him?
Okay, man, as again.
I'm makin' on Jesus.
Damn, Catholics.
Matthew.
I'm makin' on your boy.
I don't believe that.
I'm dying.
The Catholics makin' on your boy, huh?
You were a laughinger, man.
You were a laughinger.
You were a laughinger.
You were a butcher, left-leaf, and then you asked for the correct name.
You were like some kind of Negro smogger smogger over there.
Well, I'll tell you.
Listen, then.
It's hard that I haven't had a minute to try.
Like a brother, just on my head.
I'm having a problem.
Listen, Father, I thank you for taking the time.
I really do.
I remember you have a good Easter.
Well, you pay for your sins.
Well, I'm only gonna pick out.
That's true.
Thank you, Father.
All right, all right.
That was a Roman Catholic priest.
Man, makin' on my boy like a brother, but say,
oh, you can eat me.
Oh!
What was it?
What's it called, man?
Oh, you can eat me, bro.
What are you doing?
Oh!
No!
Oh, you can eat me, bro.
So, I understand.
Answer the word.
Mad Dog's next sale.
Bye, bye, bye!
