No, and I'm going to read the article. You won't be laughing about this. One of my bedtime stories from counterpunched the one I alluded to before.
Chris Floyd, the Pentagon plan to to provoke terrorist attacks. I don't think you're going to like this too much.
And those right wingers, those paranoid ribringers aren't going to like it either.
See, like I said, a moment ago, if I'm working for a radio station, that's a very successful one, by the way.
And no matter who it is, if I'm trying to really do damage to anyone or any program on the station and to cost the station money, I'm like a chigger in the wood pile, follow my gosh, and to say that. See what I'm saying?
Let's watch it. My behavior is absolutely unacceptable, if that be the case. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
At New York. Yes, sir.
Hey, happy belay the birthday to you. Sorry, I couldn't get you before.
That's okay. It was only a month ago. Sorry.
I just wanted you to think about it. Have you ever seen Moe Howard and Reverend Jones together?
Here's a crawl springs. Hello, not that one. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? I'm okay.
It's first time I'm listening to your show and I would like it very much. Yes, and I'm calm about that gentleman that calls this country is not good enough for him. He wants to move to Vancouver.
Yes, as far as I'm concerned, ship them all out of here. This is the greatest country that ever lives in an as far as secretary,
called power. I think he's the greatest secretary that the United States has. Secretary of one.
Well, you better do your study and move. No, I know what he is. I'm asking you. What is he the secretary of?
Secretary of the United States. Yeah, that's his title. He's secretary of the United States. He's good secretary.
What is his title?
What is and what is condolese a rice's title? What's wrong with her? What is her title?
National security advisor. Very good. Let's hear it. Get a couple of those bells going for this one.
And what's calling palace title again? Secretary of state.
Somebody must be slipping your stuff out of the table there. Notes. Okay. Have a great day. Okay.
Get out of here. Smok. 5 6 7 0 5 60. That's all goo step. This is the greatest country used to be.
Okay. See used to be once upon a time. Maybe I'm not sure that.
But when people are spending 20 years in jail for smoking a pin joint,
then there must be something wrong somewhere where everybody's blowing each other's brains.
Because everybody's got guns, a cash of gun. There might be something wrong there. Okay.
And when people aren't allowed to give their opinion without being a hassle,
because it doesn't tow the company line, then freedom of speech is an anachronism.
It's something from the past. It's gone. It's ancient history, baby.
Because one thing about these fascist lunatics that are taking control of your government
and all their secretaries, they don't like criticism. You tow the line, baby,
because it's us against them. It's the good guys. The evil doers against the good guys.
Right? Right on. The evil doers against us. Republicoons. That's what it's all about.
My Lord, this is sports where you fight sick. You way out.
WQM
X-X-X on your dial.
007 is back in. The sequel never dies.
My name is Bond. James Bond.
Once again, Bond. James Bond takes on the bad guys with cheesy foreign accents,
held back on world domination.
After 20 movies, it is fighting time for you to die, Mr. Bond.
It's Vizis Bond, steaming up the screen with yet another suggestively named woman.
It's pleasure to meet you, Mr. Bond. My name is Les Lomonti-style.
James Bond returns in the sequel never dies, with action, adventure, romance,
product placement, and a new twist on the same old scene.
The boxender, I'd like to-
Yeah, Martini, I know, I know.
Yes, and I would like that.
Shaken-nuckstered, we all know!
Seen before, now see it again. The sequel never dies.
Coming soon to the same theater where you saw the last James Bond flick.
It's 16-2-2 at 560. In a rather unsafe remove, the folks at WRFS can't stop reading that,
very, I mean, you must- very, you must be doing a jungle juice or something. You must be,
maybe mommy's packing magic mushrooms in your lunch every day in a brown paper sack.
560, 560, 0560, 0560 on a AT&T line. Despite vote,
cockfighting not yet down for the count, you'll be pleased to hear this.
Oh, no. Although it's not in Florida though.
Oklahoma's newly enacted ban on cockfighting was supposed to become law-last Friday,
but a state district judge in rural Ida-Bell,
am I saying that right? I don't know. I know how else you'd say it.
Issued a temporary restraining order blocking its enforcement,
till he can examine a challenge to the laws, constitutionality.
State voters approved a referendum banning the blood sport in Tuesday's
validing, which would have made a raising or fighting the birds of felony punishable by up to 10 years
in prison. And oh, by the way, remember I said I wasn't going to need more diet soda?
Yeah, you lie. Change my mind. That'll be tough.
Louisiana, New Mexico, to remain the only states where cockfighting is legal.
But the Oklahoma Gang Fahbreaders Association, which asserts there about 50,000 cockfighters across
the state of Oklahoma, filed suit in Judge Willard Dresel's Ida-Bell Court Friday afternoon.
Their claims include that the laws too vaguely were didn't,
while the prime citizens raising gain foul of their property without compensation.
Dresel agreed to block law, till the hearing schedule for November 18,
but even if the Oklahoma cockfighters are successful in overturning the law,
federal ban on transporting the federal fighting birds across state lines is scheduled
to take effect in May. The federal birds. I guess the eagle is the federal bird.
Don't you know that Colin Powell is Secretary of the United States?
And a fine one, too. Love his decade. And a fine one. We ain't never had a better
secretary of the U.S. of A than Colin Powell. Colin, I'm rolling.
Don't let me forget noon. Chris Floyd. Okay. What would you rather hear it now?
Chris Floyd or Pink Floyd? What's Pink Floyd? Pink Floyd?
5670560, 0560 on the 80th line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello? Yes, sir.
Hi, yes. This is my Aunt Meetruz Zoo. There's always one of the call.
I'm going to get the call today here, boarded cake to. I'm just wondering,
every time I listen in, I hear this little sound in the background. It sounds like a
gameboy being turned on. You hear a little sound in the background? Yeah, sounds like a
kind of sound like like that. Yeah. You ever come by the zoo before? No.
All right. Come by the zoo. You know, you know, where I'm a girl used to call this,
you're all the times matter of fact. Oh, guys, that guy, yeah. He's all right.
Well, is he still there? Oh, yeah. He hasn't left. In fact, you might enjoy here in this
wait a minute. Hi, this is Ron McGill from Miami, Meetruz Zoo. And I listened to that,
Neil Rogers wanted to hour. Tell, let's even better than sex with the animals.
There's no trade monkeys in the background, I hear. How do you like that?
I had a lot of trade monkeys. I never heard that one. Yeah, there you go.
Oh, I got a dollar one that worked. I made you day. Okay. Have a great day, pal.
All right. Thanks. And watch out for those trained monkeys.
All right. See you. How do you like that? A call from the Meetruz Zoo? You ever been there?
No, I haven't eaten too far away. I've been to the parrot jungle.
Saw all those parrots in the cockatoo. I've been to the monkey jungle. I never
wasted the monkey jungle. Although, in fact, we have a start. We have a start going there to start
recruiting, you know, like Anita used to say, we better go recruiting.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the air. We had any women call in today?
Not that I recall. Although there are very bitter, very bitter about this female thing. I look at
that book and boy, you know what a giant number we could have if we had a female audience.
A little bit. No women. And I looked back at IOD because that wasn't a strictly a sports station.
We never had any giant number and we're a little bit more, but nothing, nothing exciting.
It's not fashionable to listen to a, for women to listen to this show or AM in general. Although
it's very strange because I go to the hockey games or I go to the supermarket and all these women,
oh, we love your show. We listen every day. I mean tons of them. But they either just don't get
the diaries or they feel, I don't know, somebody standing over their shoulder when they feel their
diaries out. And like I said, look at that. I was already saying it before you said that there's
one there, right? You were already saying it right. Psychic powers kicking in again. Leave in Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, ma'am.
Neely. Yes. I'm so glad you picked my line because I heard you complaining about the female women.
Right. And here I am. I'm a daily listener. I love your show. I love your comedy and your
stage. Oh, right. And it's unfortunate for Mo and the rest out there who don't appreciate your humor.
It's a dosage for us and we're, we're hooked on it. And I'm sure there's a lot of other
hoolies out there that listen to your show. They're just in the closet. Exactly. Well, that closet's
getting pretty crowded. And in closing, I want to say hello to John. He's a listener also. He's a
teenager. Hi, John. Thank you. You'll have a great day. Okay. You too. Bye. Bye. How do you like that?
Huh? Ask and you shall receive. We got Julio's and Juliets and Young and Old and in between. We've
got a whole bunch of closet people out there listening. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Don't forget Joe Rose for the
Mad Dog today. One because the mad dog is looking his womb. Baby, he is really a burger interior. Talk
about green lizards. He's probably got a hose up to a whole vat of it. When should think? You'd think
after that often got hoesed again last night. And I know where Lucas didn't play all that bad.
The same old story, but you know, in that last drive, did Carlos watch the game at all last night?
Yep. The whole sad thing. Okay. Now, during the end, Refter was the jet kick to field goalers.
They're still like a little over two minutes to go. They get one play before the two minute warning.
They make a nice play. They get to like the 37-yard line. Then he gets sacked, but they still got
plenty of time. Am I right? Yeah, I have plenty of time. Got plenty of time to get in a field
role position for Olinda Maday. And he threw two of the worst passes I've ever seen him at both
right into the ground. Horrible. Into the ground. He's a good player when it's not a pressure situation.
Right. I don't want to use the term choke because that's a really negative term. But when the
game is on the line, man, he just don't have it. He just seems to panic. That's what we miss
, Pedler. That's when he performs the worst as opposed to J. Fieler, who in no situations,
remember the great scramble for touchdowns, all the other great things he pulled out of his ass.
I'm sorry. Very improbable times at the end of games. I mean, phenomenal.
So all you people that were knocking out good Jewish boy J. Fieler from Dartmouth, T.O.K.,
all you fully doll fans, no matter who it is that can never do a good enough job to satisfy
the public down here. It was Danny Boy. He never got the ring. He never got the mini.
Never do a good enough. And then of course, they were sucking all over Jimmy's Johnson.
What the hell did he ever win there? Ever win anything? No. No. He used to busy making phone calls to
Tora Ackman. And I'll be honest with you, Tora Ackman ain't doing that bad on the Fox thing on TV,
you know? No, consider where your worst game he was on. Was he on the Patriots game? He was on one
of the games I watched yesterday, which is about 15 games, but he's not doing too bad. She's doing
all right. Here to speak on a sheet. Here's a lady in the Weston. Hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. How are you,
Neil? I'm doing great. I wanted to wish my husband, Andy, a happy 40th birthday. Today?
Today. Well, I'll be dog on. Hey, Andy. Happy birthday. 40. That's a spring chicken.
Yeah. And I'm supposed to wish you a happy birthday too. I heard yours was last week.
Yeah, but mine is 60. Pretty old. That's okay. You still love. I still don't look at
it. They were 59. That's right. Thanks, Neil. Thanks. Have a great day. You too. Bye. Bye. I had a nice
safe trip. I figured it around on air. Canada, by the way. All my good friends. I missed my buddy,
Helen. She was on vacation, but all the other people that they're candid, I had to like,
hose myself off after going through that thing there. Man, they just pee all over me. They love me.
Even though I'm a nasty, miserable old person who does a lot of terrible stuff under the guys of
Stick. I gotta be honest with you, this is the first time in all years that I've been on
the air. I've ever heard that news, you know, yeah, under the guise of Stick, he does these terrible
things and it's gonna come to an end and the yeah, yeah. Sure. Here's a lady in point and be chill.
Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hello, this is Cheryl and boy, and I guess I need to call in because I'm a female
listener and I listen to you on the daily. Oh, right. Well, we got a run on the babies now. Great.
And I'm also a dolphin fan, no matter what. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry about last night.
I'll get over it. Okay. All right. Thanks, Neil. Have a great day, Cheryl.
You too. Bye. Okay. See you. How do you like that? I mentioned women and all of us so
not unaware. Now this never happens ordinarily. I think it's George did it Friday.
No, seriously. We had a credit for that. No, I noticed on the website there, we had a tremendous
number of hits. Of course, that's probably because the Fox ran a story again. Oh, yeah, that's right.
So I don't want to give you too much credit for it. I think it was because it was about somebody.
What is that? You mean the somebody that's leading our pull again today? Yeah.
Which of these celebrities is most washed up and ready for the glue factory? Moe Howard David 141,
Larry King 78, Bob Barker 62, Phil Donahue 53, Pat Summerall 42,
read this film in 17 and poor Dan Rathers only got 10. I love Dan Rather. Yeah, but he's a liberal.
Like I said, I love Dan Rather. Isn't it nice to have somebody on it? It's not a right wing
fascist pig twisting and distorting the news for fun and profit. Like on Schloss News Network.
Here's the lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I just want to prove that I would try
on as wrong and you do have a very heavy woman-looking audience. How do you like that?
So somebody should send out the ratings books to some women instead of some all-semen.
Absolutely. We're going to send out to the last five people who called in a row.
Very good. Thanks a lot, sweetheart. Have a great day. Bye-bye. See? I told you, we got a lot of women out there.
Arbitran can't do it. Arbitran can't. They can't serve it in the market.
Boy, this is warm in here. I'm going to have to like, dittle with the, with the window
just to get the right temperature. And by the weekend here, it's going to be pretty God-damn-cooled
here. Okay, it's been a mile-snap right now. It's a little murky outside. Not too bad.
Going to be 58 today, which for the middle of November ain't bad for up north, you know?
No, it ain't bad at all. Rained like a mother last night here. Didn't get any of those tornadoes
that I see all over the southeast. See that? Yeah, it did. And what about South Florida?
Is it cooled off real nice down there? But agree or two? Yeah, agree. Before I left, I saw
Miss Norcross on her again, giving us that same old story. Oh, wow, that's going to be really?
Yeah, right. It's really down to the comfort index is about a minus 500.
And that's only if like Brian comes on your TV screen. Minus 500. Well, speaking of Brian coming
on your TV screen, think tank, think South Florida TV news only so, so, wrote Tom Jicken,
November 9, what's that Saturday? Yes, come settle. Yes. See all that top of stuff.
I'm not sitting here scouring like I was before, but I checked the Yoko papers there.
Because very jackass wrote in a rather unsavory move.
I don't get it. What's unsavory about that? Who doesn't? And who would there is?
There are so little that happens in South Florida radio that's fun. You know what I'm saying?
Right. I mean, for example, even a Disney thing, when they first put that crap on there,
what is it? What do they call it? Party radio? Yeah. When they first put that on there,
and they were like ripping a crap out of power 96. Party.
And Y100, it was fun. It attracted a lot of people. It created a little
element. They realized they were playing the same 10 records over and over. They got stale.
But you know, there's so little that that goes on. It's the same usual stale crap.
Will that like you believe it be the one that's low, Valor?
Hello, I'm San. And I'm Larry, and we're the freezer fairies for San and Larry's ice cream.
What's new on the freezer front, Larry? I've come up with a great idea. Ice cream parlour fresh packed
San and Larry's ice cream. Right now, I'm unpacking some fudge brownie, vanilla fudge swirl,
and double dutch fudge. So what you're saying is, you're a fudge packing. Stop it!
There's nothing like fudge brownie that's hand packed. And there's nothing better than having
your fudge pack by a professional fudge packer. You can say that again. Well, I'm not going to.
But do you have any fudge nuts sticks back there? I just like to hold one for a while. Stop it!
So get yourself some San and Larry's hand packed fudge. You'll love it. I know. I love a good
fudge packing. You are so bad. 12 o'clock and five sixty W.D. Q.M. Happy Monday too. It's
our big noon to one hour. We got your rose for the Amad Dog at one. The Humper be along at
three. He's got the net morph between five and six. And then of course it's Ruku and
Hotline. Who did they beat on Saturday? What kind of roasts would they be on Saturday, Carlos?
Come on. Get with it. Some little girl school. Who was it? You tapped. Vassar.
University of Rochester. University of Vermont at Montpelier. Well, whoever the hell it was.
Kind of meaningless. And Oklahoma lost. There's a big countertops there. We can hear all about that
BCS pole again. Not. We got Chitco Panther preview at 7.30 to Panthers host his Chicago Black
Hawks. I know my neighbor Bernie's going to be there. Good luck, Bernie. Panthers are red hotly.
These anybody here? No. Really padding the attendance tuner. Given away a lot of free tickets and
still not too many people showing up that said. Eddie K from GA after the hockey game and
Joan Mark overnight. That's the agenda. I am going to read that thing but I want to get these
ladies on. When you think that's a good idea. Excellent idea. Well, I beg for them to call.
Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Oh, sorry. I didn't hear you say,
how? Don't be sorry. Hi, Neil. How are you? I've been the same too for at least four years.
Thanks to my boyfriend. He turned me on to you and now I'm addicted to you. Neil. Oh, great.
God, it's horrible. Neil is a little of a great orgasm and then I hear dicky. I love dicky.
Hey, I have a question for you, Neil. Yeah. Doesn't more realize you make millions. I mean,
can he respect you for the amount of money that you make? What kind of this guy?
The amount of money that I make. Well, I mean, come on. How about the amount of money that I make
for the radio station? That's what it's all about. But I mean, doesn't he realize that?
No, he doesn't care about that. He doesn't care about that because he doesn't want to be a team
player. It's more against the world. Well, he doesn't understand. He has no manners. That's basically
what it is. Yeah. Well, when you leave your bag on a chair, it's not good manners anyway.
Have a great day, sweetheart. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. By the way, Neil was Tennessee.
But they beat. They beat Tennessee. Well, Tennessee is pretty good. They're okay. They're fair.
I mean, you know, for a girl school, they're okay. What was the score that came? Oh, they spanked them.
I don't remember what the final. They spanked them. They heard a coon spanked Tennessee. Yep. Wow.
Yeah, when they decide to play, they play pretty well. How about those patriots?
I didn't hear Geldy say one more about that. I didn't hear that much of a show this morning because
the squeak factor was a little bit extra high today after that offense loss in New York last night.
The squeak factor was extra heavy duty. By the way, Jigs McDonald wants that job. He wants to keep that
job. Geldy. Yeah, see, Geldy, there's another one. Another one who like turn on us like a rat.
And we understand it's part survival, but it's also part the insincereity. If you're somebody's
friend, you don't turn on them like a rat. If somebody saves your ass, saves your job because you
got a wife and a baby. You don't turn on them. You know what I'm saying, George? Maybe he made attempts
in the early days and was shut down real quick. Shut down. In fact, this morning, you notice he
didn't mention my name. He said, well, next we're going up to Toronto and then Joe Roosevelt.
Didn't mention my name. I think it's verboten on that program under penalty of death. In fact,
and that thing you played before about the bomb, the bomb show, whatever it's going to be.
You notice also the midday guy who doesn't have a name had some fun with it.
The fact of the matter is there were more lies in this very jackass column than most people
tell them a lifetime. Didn't check the affiliate list to see what stations they run. How can you
listen to it every day? And you need to check the affiliate list to see what station you're on.
I mean, in other words, you're just listening to Biosmosis. Your radio just automatically goes to
Weber-Toni Bruno-Wizz and you don't know what station it's on. You see him? You know it's not yours.
The pot calling the kettle black. This is the same guy who accuses me last week without his
stereo when I was standing in the doorway of doing everything I can to sandbag his show,
which is a mother scratching lie and turns around and goes on purposely for the express point of
saying, oh, I listen every day your show is great. To give me a stoch. That's not only not a team
player. That's a bad guy. That's a bad and and I don't really care if he goes on that show. I
don't when Hank was on the other show. I had some fun with that. But what do I care about it? It's
a sports nerd show. We don't really give a crap about Tony Bruno. So that is in the part that
bothered me. The part is to go on and say, oh, I listen to it every day. And what a great show it is.
That's part of the same philosophy. And you started it. Me. You started it with the wig comments
and the flat pants and the philosophy bag. And what was your stuff? And the purple vanes thing.
You're even playing a goddamn skin flute there. I want to tell you how many of those lines came from
me too. Yeah, I'm sure there's a lot of lines that came from you. Five six, seven, five, 60,
pound five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. Neil, how you doing? Okay.
And you know, let me inject a little ray of sunshine in this inciting that's going on in your
world. And what happened outside to the dolphins? Yes, sir. Go ahead. The hurricane's
air. The unanimous number one, baby. Whoo. Are we blessed? There's number one, baby. We're going
all the way. Yeah. You better start rooting for him. If not, I'm going to go there kick a fat ass
you stupid Jew. Oh, look at this. Here's the fact that it says it's Alex Bennett. All over again.
Now this isn't even close to being Alex Bennett. Oh, no. Now, I mean, Alex Bennett just, he just ran
away and just if I had the ability to do I take you out here right now and kick your goddamn teeth
in. And then the best part about the Alex Bennett thing at WIOD is it really initially had nothing to
do with me. It was reconciled. I remember. I had that stroke and I was out of work for two weeks.
And reconciled. And he for whatever reason, just I don't know. I don't get it. They made fun of
him. They made light of him. They didn't take their hat off when he came in the room. Oh, so it was
the same thing. Yes. And then the worst part of it is after we fled town, he got in his car,
just took off in his little, what kind of car was he driving? I don't know. Some kind of a Wimpy car.
Mazda. No, even Wimpy was in that fiat. But anyway, then then he gets quoted in the papers, blame
in me again. Which I don't care. I'm used to that. I get blamed for everything. If there's a bad
snowstorm in Montana, I get blamed for it. But his big falling out was with Rick and SUDs and I
come back from having a stroke. And in fact, this is a guy that called me at home when I was convalescing
from the stroke. Oh, you got to get back here as soon as possible. This Rick and SUDs, you know,
remember that business if I ever hear them on the station again, I'm walking out. Right.
And so I come back and then he gets leaves in a huff and takes an instance. I was a prick or something
like that. Let's see. Here's that guy that called was a new listener. I believe that he may now be
an old listener. I got it. This is the greatest country that ever lived, Colin Paul's,
a circuit. Does he answer the phone and take messages for the rest of the nation?
It might have been Mo disguising his voice. That's the bomb he was planning on dropping.
Getting on your show and acting like a moron. Now we have plenty of those without his help.
Oh, and it also says it was by far the best of Prano's episode in a while. This season anyway.
Which doesn't say much. You know what I forgot to mention today last caller?
What? The one who was telling me I better get on the bag.
Narc I think.
Yeah. Nobody cares about the pansy high school and college football sports. Okay.
Said people that go there. Nobody else cares. One man dogs have been giving me a bunch of crap
about Michigan State because they think so bad and they had the drug scandals with a quarterback
and a star player. Well, the fact of the matter is I see Michigan on all kind of cold water and hot
water and lukewarm water with the NCAA. How do you like that? Michigan must have been a misprint.
You think? Must have been.
Well, he's not in today anyway. He's recuperating. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello.
I'm Neil. I'm a female listener since 1987.
All right. Excellent.
And also in 1987, I worked in an office and the day the Pope came, everyone was gathered around
their television stations and I was stuck in a corner and I had to listen to you on radio
and everyone protested. I then went on to become the head of that company.
So it was a big problem because for the three years that I was there, your radio show was on
every day. Good for you. And I did receive a diary one time when you were in data. But I don't
think that the women get as many as much as men get them. I don't know what the deal is. At least
our women don't get them. I'll tell you that. You got fractions. With my job, I can only call
in when I'm in my car. So that's probably the case with a lot of women. They don't have jobs that
were usually more busier than men. So we can't call in as often.
Yeah, most of our men on this station are like, you know, dead beasts. Have a great day.
Thanks for the memories. Well, how do you like that? We had to run on a woman. I think that's
the biggest run we've had in a long time. You know, that I can recall in ladies. They're out there.
They just don't get the diaries, like she said, or maybe the fix is in. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
After the next break, I'm going to read that piece. It's not all that long, but it's very disturbing,
very aggravating. And then we'll go back to just being goofballs because that's what the public
wants. We know. Seriously, I understand that. There's too much crap going on in the world. We don't
want to be morbid here. This is the one place they can come like that guy to call early with his
doctor. Remember that call? Yeah. You still remember that? That was quite a while ago.
I remember Chris Floyd. W-D-Q-A-M. How about that Chris Carter, by the way? Q-A-M, hello.
Where is this call? Pemberpine, yes sir. Speak to me. Hello. Yes.
No panthers. Down with no Howard Davis. We know how he pucks from his hockey smuck.
Oh brother, you know who that cry? You recognize that voice? No.
Stumpet is, along with that old, the sports caller Joe. This guy is one of the worst
chronics in the history of the human race. He's okay though. He means well. He's just the
chronic. He's still clicking his clicker from the penguin game the other night. I wish I
would have brought mine up here, but they probably would have thought it was a La Bomba.
I should have said, Melissa, this we're going to drop it on Ottawa. Yeah, the big one.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. Sure is going to be back here. I'll tell you that. But it's
such a pleasant place. Pleasant people. Great food. Too much good food though. I did get Ben and
Jerry's yesterday. I shouldn't admit that. New York fudge chunk. I don't even like it that much.
They're starting to get more and more flavors. That's the bad news of Ben and Jerry. They're
starting to get like the good stuff coming in now. Bad news. And they also, you'll be
pleased with one thing because they have those only in pints. And in my supermarket, they had a
two liter, which is more than a little more than a quart. They have the big thing of Nestle's
Turtle. Didn't get it. Don't I get a gold star in a purple jelly bean for that? No.
You get a fanfare. I get something for that. For not coming to the Nestle's Turtle on my first
weekend back into your baby. And you can ask Joe Castella. He'll tell you that's pretty good crap.
You know, there's never been a better time to buy a new home or refinancing or existing home.
Then right now is I speak. How about this? How about a way to 3.95% that is correct. Financial
group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95% all you have to do is make one easy call to financial
at their toll free number 1-809-4-O-L-E-N-D. That's 1-809-4-O-53-63. The money you're going to save is
absolutely unbelievable. That's right. Incredible. Think about it. You can get yourself a $100,000
loan for only $450 or you can get you $200,000 for only $950. The process is simple. You're
going to save thousands of dollars each year. Just call our good buddies at financial group toll
free at 1-809-4-O-L-N. There's never been a better time to get you a low interest rate. So call
financial group and you'll really be on your way to big savings. Financial group is an equal
housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates have something to change if you wait too long.
So now is the time to call them toll free 1-800-940-L-E-N-D. That's 1-8009-4-O-53-63.
Hey, it's Howard. How it's banned.
Well, my name is Gary Condon and I am living my worst beer.
Because I bang one of my interns and she went a dissal of beer.
Oh, shunned, they were surprised when a violent woman comes by by.
And I will often challenge her, often her instead of my wife.
Off the labs.
Unikit of course, cases fail you didn't confirm.
An cited case case is gрыg
Did the fat boy slide that under the door?
It wasn't on this end.
Didn't come through here.
All summer was a Kim direct from Fat Boy.
I don't think he could walk all the way down to your door yet.
So he must have thanks this direct.
Nice going, Fat Boy.
How about them sabers, huh?
Pretty weak.
And the make believes.
So anyway, this is encounter punch magazine
is written by Chris Floyd.
Into the dark, the Pentagon plan to provoke terrorist attacks.
This column stands four square with the honorable Donald
A. Trump's fellow US Secretary of Defense.
When he warns that there will be more terrorist attacks
against the American people and civilization at large,
we know as does the honorable Donald A. Trump's
fellow US Secretary of Defense that this statement
is an incontrovertible fact, a matter of scientific certainty.
And how can we and the honorable Donald A. Trump's
fellow US Secretary of Defense be so sure
that there will be more terrorist attacks against the American
people and civilization at large?
Because these attacks will be instigated
at the order of the honorable Donald A. Trump's fellow US
Secretary of Defense.
This astonishing admission was very deep in a story,
which was itself submerged by mounds of gray newsprint
and glossy underwear ads in last Sunday's Los Angeles Times.
There in an article by military analyst, William Arkin,
detailed in the vast expansion of the secret armies
being massed by the former Nixon bureaucrat,
now loading it over the Pentagon,
came the revelation of Rumsfeld's plan
to create a superintelligence support activity
that'll bring together CIA and military covert action,
information more fair intelligence and cover and deception.
According to a classified document prepared
for Rumsfeld by his Defense Science Board,
the new organization, the proactive preemptive operations group,
P2OG, will carry out secret mission designs
to stimulate reactions among terrorist groups,
provoking them into committing violent acts,
which would then expose them to counter-retact by US forces.
In other words, and let's say this plainly, clearly and soberly,
so that no one can mistake the intention of Rumsfeld's plan,
the US government is planning to use cover and deception
and secret military operations to provoke
murderous terrorist attacks on innocent people.
Let's say it again.
Donald Rumsfeld, Dick Cheney, George W. Bush,
and the other members of the unelected regime in Washington,
planted liberally foment the murder of innocent people,
your family, your friends, your lovers, you,
in order to further their geopolitical ambitions.
For P2OG is not designed solely to flush out terrorists
and bring them to justice,
a lot of the goal in itself,
although the Rumsfeld wave-combatting terrorism
by causing it is pure moral lunacy,
or should we use the regime's own preferred terminology
and just call it evil?
No, it seems the P2s have bigger fish to fry.
Once they've sparked terrorist into action
by killing their family members,
luring them with loot, fueling them with drugs,
applying them with jihad propaganda,
messing with their mamas,
or with agent provocateurs,
perhaps who infiltrate groups
and then plan to direct the attacks themselves.
They can then take measures against these states,
slash substate actors accountable for harboring
the Rumsfeld-Rouse gangs.
What kind of measures exactly?
Well, the classified Pentagon program puts it this way,
their sovereignty will be at risk.
The P2s will thus come in handy
whenever the regime hankers to add little oil-laden
real estate or a new military base
to the Empire's burgeoning portfolio,
just an estivial and malcontents,
stir them with a stick and presto,
instant justification for whatever level
of intervention conquest you might desire.
And what if the territory you fancy
doesn't actually harbor any convenient marauderous
to use for fun and profit?
Well, surely a god-like superintelligence
support activity is capable of creation, yes?
The Rumsfeld Bush plan to employ murder and terrorism
for political financial and ideological gain
does have historical roots.
Besides Elkata, the stern gang, the essay, the SS,
the KGB, the IRA, the UDF, ETA, Hamas, Shining Path,
and countless other reporters of Bush
and morality decency and freedom.
We refer to operations northwards,
often mentioned in these pages,
the plan that America's top military brass
presented to President John Kennedy in 1963,
calling for a phony terrorist campaign,
complete with bombings, hijackings, plane crashes,
and dead Americans to provide justification
for an invasion of Cuba, the mafia slash corporate fight them,
which had been recently lost to Castro.
Kennedy rejected the plan and was killed a few months later.
Now Rumsfeld has resurrected northwards,
but on a far grander scale,
with resources that is disposal undreamed of
by those brass of yours,
with no counter-balancing global rivalry, strain him,
and with an ignorant corrupt president who showed himself
all to eager to embrace any means whatsoever
that will augment the wealth and power
of his own narrow undemocratic elitist clique.
There is transgression here,
are stepping over deliberately with open eyes,
with forth thought, planning and conscious will,
of lines that should never be crossed.
Acting in deadly symbiosis with rage, maddened killers,
God-crazed randers, no supreme substate actors,
the mafia's bush and his cohorts are plunging the world
into an abyss, an endless light of black ops' retribution.
Blowback, deceit and murder and terror,
wholesale retail, state-sponsored, privatized,
a fear-indegradation, servility chaos,
and the perversion of all that's best in us,
of all that we've won from the bestiality of our primal nature,
all that we've raised above the mindless,
ravin' urges and impulses still boarding
in the mud of our monkey brains.
Get that?
Morky?
Of our monkey brains.
It's not a fight for freedom,
if they retreat into darkness,
and the day will be a long time coming.
Rights, Chris Floyd and Counter Punch Magazine.
Who says they don't like those bedtime stories,
those periodic ones?
Well, that was a good one.
That's why I saved it for today, it was a good one.
And even a little Tommy Jicke wrote,
this is almost worth the talking about.
Think Tank, think South Florida TV,
news only so-so, and I would certainly agree with that.
I've said it one thing, Chris, this is a bigger market,
but the news up here is heads and shoulders
above any newscast down there.
CFTO news, man, never miss it.
You watch it?
All the time.
Hey, don't you begin to believe in this?
It's a dream class here, God damn it.
Hey, if I could get that, those driving classics and screen,
yeah, by hook or by crook.
They're great, they're really great.
The driving classics, they put stuff on there,
they're so cheesy, so camp, so hysterically funny.
I say go, hey, pin your pants if you're illegal.
Tom Jicke writes, the best of our local TV news
is mediocre by national standards in the market
as a whole, that's with the W, is an underachiever.
Oh, such are the conclusions of a Washington based think tank,
the project for excellence in journalism.
Maybe they haven't seen very Jack as his column yet.
You know, he does say in a rather unsavory move.
I'm never, I'm saving this.
I'm going to put it in my wallet.
You're savoring it?
I'm savoring it and I'm saving it.
This is the dumbest crap that's ever been published
and they support even a candidate with daily messenger
wouldn't print this.
They take a look at this and look at him and say,
are you out of your freaking mind?
You moron?
God.
Anyway, little Tommy says WTVJ's channel 6, 11 p.m. newscast
is as good as it gets in the Miami for Lauderdale market
according to the P.E.J.'s annual valuation.
However, the NBC owned station soon
to become the news partner.
They sound photos on Central earned only
a B grade and its nationwide ranking
is the epitome of mediocrity.
How do you like that?
The epitome of mediocrity.
Well, that's how Florida, Tommy, you should know.
WTVJ ranked 27th out of 53, meaning 26 graded higher, 26 lower.
Palm Beach was not one of the markets analyzed.
WSVN channel 7 frequently criticized
for its glitzy style, also pulled the B and was 31st nationally.
WPLG channel 10 earned a C and was 37th
and WFOR channel 4 was settled with a D ahead of only 6 other newscasts.
I guess they haven't found out that Angela Ray came back.
As a market, Miami for Lauderdale checked in 13th out of 17.
It's very better in a limited sweep of Spanish language stations.
WLTV channel 23 was first among 8 newscasts.
And channel 51 was number 6.
That's out of 8th, no spaghetti glaze stations.
A report card such as this, he votes the response you get
from a couple with a homely baby.
They might know their offspring isn't gorgeous,
but they don't want to hear it from an outsider.
Our local news might have a lot to be desired,
but anyone who travels the country appreciates better
than what can be found almost anywhere else.
I don't buy that time, sorry.
Sorry, wrong number.
WTVJ general manager Don Brown is in the market's most ticklish position.
He doesn't want an aqua survey that puts a station on top,
but it can't swallow up too much as being labeled the best of a mediocre bunch.
It's exciting to have a third party praise what you do, he said.
However, he took exception in the market assessment.
I think Miami's got some of the best local news in the country.
I have legitimate perspective having been on the network level.
He was once executive producer of NBC News.
I would think we should do much better as a group,
this really no weak station.
If I was to ask you right now,
remember the days when we had John Hamburg?
No, you know, I mean, I know who John Hamburg is.
I've seen the little flashbacks, but I wasn't watching the news as a youth.
John Hamburg and Ralph Redneck, who I mean is,
even though he was funny,
he nevertheless, he was like an icon and Bishop.
Oh, well, I remember.
Well, if I was to ask you now,
name me a really top news anchor in South Florida, who would it be?
Oh, I thought you couldn't do it.
Couldn't do it.
No, I risked my case.
We don't have any.
I mean, maybe Tony cigarette.
Oh, in fact, who is on the 11 o'clock news on channel six?
Is Tony doing that one too?
Don't know.
And he is the reason I won't watch channel six news.
He has no credibility.
He's like when I try to make camera on Martian from a weather guy to a sports guy to a news guy.
You know,
yeah, and he said, don't give me no lip.
And he said, oh, too late.
Can't real Martian.
Don't see him no more.
Yeah, the market is there is nobody you can name.
In fact, I like the guy on channel four news at five and six, not Elliot Rodriguez.
Is there anybody on channel four news?
Is not named Rodriguez?
Except doesn't.
I hear Rodriguez say a state.
Seriously, but the guy, what else is name was just on the tip of my tongue?
Steve Joe Ed Yamama.
What else is name?
I don't know, but he's pretty good.
He's on there like in between and revolving between Elliot Rodriguez and Johnny Rodriguez and George Rodriguez and whatever.
And then Ricky Rodriguez.
What the hell is his name?
Somebody will fax it in or call it in.
He's good.
Steve Wolford.
Who?
Wolford.
That might be his name.
Well, he's got a goofy name.
If you change your name, okay, Steve Schwartz, something we can remember.
Steve Rodriguez.
No, seriously, at least that he's been in.
Right.
He's a cracker, but he's pretty good.
Not great, but he sure knows silly goose like Tony cigarette.
Tony, you're a silly guy.
It's not personal.
Tony, you're just silly.
You're a silly person.
You're a hurricane.
You just have no credibility, Tony.
You're silly.
I look at him doing the news and I want to laugh.
Was it Steve Wolford?
Steve Wolford.
Steve Wusspon Beach or something like that.
That's what we just said.
That's what we just said, Carlos.
Take the paycheck back, clearance.
Somebody was calling me telling me at the same time.
I understand.
Just relax.
Okay.
You're starting to get like some of the grumpy old people we got working at station.
Just lighten up a little bit, okay?
I'm never grumpy.
And by the way, the bombs coming.
Hey, the facts are simple.
If you have the dedication, you can get yourself a real money-making job
by getting some training at fast train.
Like a lot of other people are doing smart people.
Fast train can provide you with necessary training to become a certified computer professional.
According to Time Magazine, the demand for computer professionals will continue to explode.
Their average student completes the training and just for sure,
at months attending school three nights a week,
once you complete your certification, fast train can assist you in getting a new computer job.
Fast train invites you to come and visit their train career counselor
and determine which track is ideal for you.
Is it Mohawk that's open hour would buy?
Or maybe it's Flambro Downs?
Or Windsor?
Or Hazel Park?
Call Factor Northfield.
Call Fast Train Tool 3 at 1-866.
Fast Train to set up your appointment with four convenient locations.
There's about to be one nearby where you live.
They're in Miami, pepper pines for a lot of day on now,
and highly congested Kendall.
Don't forget to ask the career counselor for listed students just like yourself
who are currently in their dream jobs thanks to the great training they got at fast train.
There's no obligation to pick up that thing in column right now
and find out what they can do for you.
Get you in a real job.
Call 1-866.
Fast Train.
That's 1-866.
Fast Train.
Or check them out in the web at fasttrained.com.
My, my, and local.
This is Sports Radio 560.
She's somewhere in the U.S.
The bush.
Brick the mouth.
Brick the mouth.
With some crack in her shoe and some sand eggs in her purse.
She's the rankscan governor's daughter,
who resembles after birth.
She knows that that is the gum.
So if she breaks them all well, that's tough.
It ain't any dirt god in business
to just keep your big mouth shut.
When it comes to family values,
a prime example for all of you.
They ain't nothing like the morals of the good bush man.
Please, so with some crack in her shoe.
So what the foot powder will do?
It takes her beat quite a tingle and that's all good.
Come on, you bitch!
Yes!
And right now, it's time to beat the crap!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Don't forget criticism of public officials,
their families and friends will no longer be tolerated.
1233-560 WDQAM.
You will obey, okay?
Yes, VF-8.
461 votes on the pool.
So anyway, very Jackson says in a rather unsavory move.
461 votes.
Which of these celebrities is most washed up
and ready for the glue factory?
Moe Howard, David and a shocking runaway victory,
has 167 votes.
There are King 89, Bob Barker 69,
which I understand is his favorite position.
That's what what's your name, told me.
What's your name?
Diane Parkinson.
Diane, very good.
What kind of disease did she have?
Now, it's Phil Von Hues 60,
Pat Summer All 47, and then it's way downhill.
Registrile they got 17.
They like reaches, you know?
They feel sorry for him, because he's got to work with so many bitches.
First of all, that Dan Kathie Lee,
and now this Kelly Rip, I like Kelly.
I don't.
And I think I have nothing to do.
I got outside of you.
She is not attractive.
I don't care what anybody says.
She has got the ugliest push.
She's not Kelly.
Kelly Rip, same person.
Ugly push.
Yes.
All right.
Nasty looking.
Whatever you say.
I saw a little bit of it on whatever the hell day it was, man.
And she is nasty, skanky.
Black then again, and Dan Rathers in last place with only 12.
We like old Dan, baby.
He may be a hundred years old.
But he's a good old boy.
Former youth pastor recused to having sex with 14-year-old girl.
You're not going to start with those kind of stories again, are you?
Yes.
Oh, Fort Wayne, Indiana.
A former Fort Wayne youth pastor is accused of repeatedly having sexual intercourse
with a 14-year-old girl over the span of a year.
Steve Rios, 32 of Montpelier, Ohio, was arrested Saturday,
and charged with two felony counts of sexual misconduct with a minor
who was released on $20,000 bond.
According to a probable cause after David Rios, who was an associate
and youth pastor at New Hope Worship Center in Fort Wayne, began having intercourse
with a girl in June of 2000.
A child proactive services case work in Ohio reported that the girl in Rios had sex
five to ten times at the youth pastor's Fort Wayne home during the three-week
period early June 2000.
The case work is investigation uncovered, letter written by the girl in the head
pastor of New Hope Worship Center, stating the sexual intercourse occurred again in 2001.
The affidavit also said the girl told her cousin she got drunk with Rios and his wife one night.
After the couple went to bed, Rios returned to the girl about three AM had sex
with her.
The affidavit would be sane.
The cousin told the girl's parents who live in Ohio about the relationship they
contacted child protective services the affidavit would be sane.
Michael Bauer of the New Hope Worship Center told the detective that Rios
resigned last April after he confronted him with the accusation that he had a sexual
relationship with the girl.
No one answered the phone at the Rios home on Monday, meaning today.
How do you like that?
Nobody home?
No.
Lee and Low?
Here's another example of what's going on with your great elections.
Avaline.
A scurry county election reversed the outcomes in two commissioner races.
I thought Avaline was only in Kansas.
Is there an Avaline Texas?
Yeah.
There is?
Sure.
Well, I learned something already.
How do you like that?
Anyway, this is Avaline Texas.
A defective computer chip in the county's optical scanner, misread,
misread ballad stews tonight, incorrectly touted a landslide victory
for Republicans.
Democrats actually won by wide margins.
How do you like that?
That's just another one of them.
Coincidence is the problem was discovered when pull workers became suspicious of the margins
of the vote scurry county clerk Joan Bunch said.
A new computer chip was flown to snatter from Dallas.
She said by Wednesday morning, the votes have been counted twice by Hannah,
once again by scanner with a replacement chip.
Republican Robbie Floyd 69 lost the Democrat jury house seemed a gap.
Even hours after learning it was defeat Wednesday, it was hard to believe
that that type of mistake had happened.
And he said, and come and Democrat, slow and slow and.
Screw and okay.
C H L O A N N E slow and Lindsay said she had been under she's kind of duff.
Consider the election of Republican Keith Hackfield when she received a phone call 345 A.
Notifying her the discrepancy later Wednesday morning.
If you're I felt bad for my opponent, Lindsay said, I knew how it felt to lose.
Well, that's something.
I think it was a landslide, but just the other way around.
So don't be nip picking.
Yeah, other nip picker.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Nobody on it.
Nobody on five was on a wrong line.
Yes.
Well, excuse me.
The reason I do that is because I know what I'm saying about.
I see not the same.
Right. Here's Miami.
Let's try this.
No, and there's still nobody on that.
He's still picked up the wrong line.
I did.
Yes.
How is that possible?
I said, oh, I see.
Maybe if I could see the number on it.
Let's try Miami. Hello.
There's still nobody there.
Yes.
Yeah.
Speak to me.
Yeah, I just wanted to comment on two things you were talking about.
Yes, sir.
The hurricane who called that fan.
Does he know that they nicknamed for a UM is Ju.
Yeah.
And number two.
I was, I thought he this week I went by my local Catholic church and I just went in.
And a brisk was going on.
Yeah.
But the priest wasn't using a knife.
He was using his teeth.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Week material.
Very bad.
Get the sheet back on.
Okay.
They need just Fox five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T.
And Verizon wireless line.
Very weak.
Are there Jews at the U of M besides the micro Z.
I don't think so.
What?
Coral Gables.
What does that mean?
There's all sticks and crawlgables.
There are no Jews and crawlgables anymore.
What are you talking about?
You better get out of the house a little bit more.
I got the world doesn't revolve around Hollywood.
You should know if they're related to you.
Then they must be spicks.
Okay.
Right.
But they have Jewish neighbors.
Coral Gables.
There are no Jews and crawlgables.
There's several things that are not a lot of.
First of all, there's no pickup trucks.
There's no ducks.
There's no old beat up.
Jaloppies in the driveway.
And no Jews.
Other than that, it's okay.
Pretty progressive.
Oakland Park.
Hello.
How you doing now?
Okay.
The first time, Collard.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I'm going to borrow it.
I've been hearing about this Mohower didn't this battle you're having.
I'm not having any battle.
We have four Foxing.
It sounds like Reverend Jones.
It sounds like Reverend Jones again for the second time today.
Okay?
Go back to the track.
Dick, my good friend up at the track has got a special place for you.
Okay?
Up on the 6th floor right near the roof.
The Dick Fineberg Special Box for Reverend Jones. See, you give these people a little bit of encouragement and right away, bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap
Oh tell me they're real, these days I want to feel, tell me that they're real.
No.
Don't tell me you stop
You wonder why these
Tell me there's no chance
Your boobs are big in plans
Tell me that that's your role
And I'm just silicone
I'm looking at your sweater
And there's something things I need
Yeah baby
Can't move them out
Bounce and nothing down
Just promise me they did that
They didn't come from now
No they didn't
I'm thinking what you're with
Did you get some search on me?
You need
I'll do a big cartwheel
To find out that they're real
Because I don't want no
I'm asking just please
I don't mean to be a smile
But didn't you get a blue job
I don't mean to be rude
I want to see you move
Stay number
1245 at 560 WQAM
Here's Carl Springs
Good morning Neil
Good evening
I want to tell you the Evelyn Kansas is only
Claiming a famous birthplace at Dwight Eisenhower
Yeah but this is Evelyn Texas
Yeah well anyway
I just wanted to say that we've got to find somebody in the Democratic Party that we can vote for
And who's that going to be?
I don't know but I don't think the selection was a victory Republicans
It was a failure the Democrats
Right I agree with him
So I'm listening to you and oh happy birthday by the way
Thanks
Have a great day
Father said the Democratic Party is biting a big one and he's right
Grasping the job, the grasping the feet from the jaws of victory
Which they do so well
And even though both parties suck big time like I've always told you
You got to have a buffer remember the family had lots of buffers right well you got to have a buffer
And that's about all they've been useful for for a hell of a long time now now we don't even have a buffer
Don't forget joining overnight guys join Mark they got a buffer
Time to 11 now you know who the buffer is it's Miguel he's there to make sure they don't
Three too much he does it for him
Time to 11 the night of gaspies and bokeh is tap out of when prizes and joy specials on crown world
It's the money that football watch party night at gaspies and bokeh
Here's our last call here's Miami
Hello
Like I said our last call well I tend to things have worked out just tremendously well today you know yeah they have
Timeed out nice show is going by like lightning like greece lightning
Speaking of that color millions blown by McBride
This was in the herald on Saturday the Florida Democratic party holded more than
15 million dollars in the final ways of the governor's race much of it from the national party
To topple governor Jeb Bush a herald analysis has found that staggering total delivered days before
Democratic don McBride surprisingly dismal performance against the president's brother
Added some already brewing debate about what went wrong nationally for Democrats this year
While the national party poured millions into a fruitless effort in Florida
Other Democrats nationally could have used more last minute money to avoid narrow losses
That shift and control the US Senate through Republicans how do you like that?
Yeah
In other words they wasted all that money in Florida and they might as well have peed it down a drain
A key question facing Democrats is whether national chairman Terry McCollough who's the
When the race is closing weeks to clear the Florida governor is number one target and boasted New York Times editorial board that Jeb Bush is gone
Belusa's job
McCollough whose father-in-law Richard Swan was McBride's campaign finance chairman
Was heavily involved in pushing McBride's candidacy even when the tamper lawyer was virtually unknown and still battling to upset former US Attorney General
Janet Reno in the primary hey
I hate to admit that I've been thinking about this for about 10 seconds
You think he might have done better against Bush than he did
He might have it occurred to a song like you did it?
Well, it's way too late to do anything about it
Oh, and Richard
She sure would have had a much stronger showing in Dayton Broward. I mean he lost Dayton County
And he won Broward by like 18 points but that's not anywhere near what he needed
He would have lost anyway with differences it makes. He would have lost
I beg your pardon? She would have lost. Maybe more than a little bit better
What a brilliant comment did Carlos just make about the Cubans?
That McBride was trying to pander to the Cubans and he ended up going right down the middle
And it didn't do any good the same thing happened to Al Gorenfloder which is why he only won by a few votes
And they were able to turn it around and say he lost
Yep very sad like I told you Janet's my man
Did I tell you that all along?
All you people have voted for Bill McBride I said Janet's the man even my mother voted for McBride
Shame on you man. I told you Janet's my man. She's my kind of guy
God damn it. I don't think she'd have won
Although you never know. Yeah, I got an idea
Yeah, let's have the election all over again and try it. Okay. What's wrong with that?
The presidential election you don't know no no let's start with a go to just for starters and if she wins
They will have the presidential one all over again and this time we'll have John Kerry instead of Gore
I say John Kerry because Al Gore is kind of scary
And who's even scarier is Jew Lieberman how can anybody how can anybody in these talking heads in the news
In the media go on there and say well one of the potential aspirants to be presidential candidate for
Democratic Party in 2004 Jew Lieberman how can they look in the camera and say that without like
Tittering or something you know
He's got a Chinaman's chance in hell is what he's got
He was the Chigar in a wood pile. He's the guy to cost-gore the election
And you know who else costs-gore the election?
Nader Gore
So fly to the world
Clear sports radio 560
You AM
Okay
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Whose
The couple seems to toilet and then scrub the floor
They dare you to wear sandals, god don't leave them
Your cold-kipped old hills makes them all rich and few
Your mappin' egg and your slag it's even pro
It's your pee what you can be that don't you steal
One day while you be flippin' past eight you may realize
That's a cream and you just like your esterone
That's when your head will move from side to side, from the lilo
Until bush and rummage they be cracked and asshole
I tell you one thing, anybody who don't love that bit has got no sense of humor at all
Always points, yeah man, one of the all-time greats
I find myself singing it in the shower in the tea room I mean everywhere I go
Well I'm clean in the bathroom, the street corner is right down by the Eden Senator, I'm gonna con-delita
It's amazing
Anyway, Joe Rose will be along for the mad dog, they mad dog is in mourning
How's Chris Carter's kidney coming along by the way?
Do you think that maybe they didn't do quite a good job of due diligence there Carlos?
Yeah that physical might not have been very thorough
Might have been kind of what they call the lickin' a smear physical you know like hey you look like you're still live okay sign them up
That kinda thing
We're thinking of serious kidney problem
So I guess we won't be talking about Chris and Aronde in the near future at any length anyway
Singer Bobby Brown used a criminal court appearance Friday to promote his new movie and sign autographs
Yeah you go Bobby, you got the good stuff
State court judge Wayne Purtom a lot of Brown to remain free on Bono Church is driving under the influence
And failure to appear in court
Brown, who's attorney said he was not prepared to plead as free at least until his next court appearance tomorrow
Brown who was approached by fans in the court after the hearing of Pulitzer asked anyone he may have heard
I'm just looking forward to performing and touring that's what I'd be looking to do
I'm a lot better at that than driving Brown said
Brown was arrested in Atlanta early through his day in charge of possession less than an ounce of marijuana speeding and having no driver's license of real insurance
I still don't see what's wrong with any of those
Maybe he could play for that offense too
His appearance Friday indicator was for charges dating to 1997
Failing to appear in court driving under the influence speeding failing to maintain the lane and having no proof of insurance
Here's what he said on Friday
Stay away from drugs don't drink and drive don't do anything you're not supposed to do go to school to eat your vegetables
That's what he said
He said his upcoming movie guns and roses will be released next year
A lot of assholes are going to run into see it
Never got one call about eight mile an M&M
Nope
Not a single call about that very depressing speaking of stupid stupidity off they're arrested
For James F. Wells stupidity was not a...
Now see oh I can't read this
I can't because it's chopped off and in you face it was not a quirk of life but a social phenomenon worthy of scientific study
Okay so much so that he wrote two books about stupidity
But police say Wells easily could have been a subject of his books last week
On November 1, Wells 61 was arrested in a sting operation as he tried to meet a fictitious 15-year-old girl
With whom he had made an appointment on the Internet to have sex line tan a police told Todd Dwyer
Detective Dwyer said
You following it so far?
Yes
Yeah, this guy is a PhD in biology from Tulane University Dwyer said apparently very smart
Not dumb like some people say smart
Dwyer a detective in the law enforcement air against the Charles Harmo division federal task force
Said that about three weeks ago Wells initiated conversation with him on Internet chat room thinking Dwyer was a 15-year-old girl
Dwyer said the conversation was explicit and they arranged to meet a Montana shopping center in November 1
But as the date of the meeting drew closer Wells was growing weary at 120 wrote to Dwyer that he thought that law enforcement might be looming in the background
Because of that Wells did not want to take his 15-year-old date back to his pompomitobi chome
But prefer to have his encounter in the car, Dwyer said
When Dwyer said to make their meeting at the shopping center look normal
He supposedly grew up with the call Wells dad or say that he was her coach
How's it going coach?
At about 6 p.m. November 1st Wells drove to his rendezvous but instead of a 15-year-old he was met by two uniform officers who arrested him on the spot
He's author of the story of stupidity and understanding stupidity books in which he analyzes not so bring him most people make
And all the behaviors context in history out of your life
So if there's one thing we've been trying to tell you for a long time at least since early March George quit being so stupid
Bye bye bye
I'm the Roger Show, I'm FI'm the MQA M, Miami for Mario
