Calm down, Diana, 902-560. Speaking of Diana, anybody see passions? Oh, that's right, you see the day late.
So, you'll discover that even the priest on Acho is a little pervert, even though he's blind,
he manages to find Miguel and give him a little squeeze here and a squeeze there, and then squeeze his hand real tight.
But at any rate, I just noticed that.
Our poem yesterday, this one hit wonder thing, I think this could be bigger than God damn a sliced bread, you know what?
I like it.
I like it too. We had 915 votes, which is quite a few considering that, see, we didn't do this right yesterday,
but it was the first time out of the box, out of the gate.
And to do it right, you have to like balance it out from the different errors if you catch my drift.
And we didn't do that. Although I do notice that many of these are from the 80s, which I didn't realize then,
I won disc, like Harold Falltomire, Axel F, which is Robert's favorite,
and Gottlieb and Cream and Cry and Paul Hardcastle in 19, and what was the other one?
Oh, the Divinals, and I touched myself, which would play that yesterday, a little bit.
Anyway, the result of our poem, very disturbing to George, who's really pissed off,
and doesn't want to believe it for a second. But the good news is, uh, for you,
because we're closing it out right now, as soon as I make a copy of it, that's it.
And I just did.
Which of these one hit wonders was the best?
Soft sell by Tainted Love Winds in a landslide, you don't believe that, do you?
Nope.
Well, I do.
Just to be contrary, I do.
128 votes, more than second, more than double the number two a song.
Tainted Love Soft sell, of course, the fact I played bits of it about a hundred times,
that might have had some influence, but I doubt it.
George thinks it was the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, Paul Scrooers that domestic up.
I don't think so. I think it's a very popular song.
They like it.
All right.
I didn't say I like it's good, but I, uh, Mississippi Queen and Mountain.
I mean, Mountain and Mississippi Queen, 61.
Have that here, uh, eventually.
Norman Greenbaum, Spirit of the Sky.
60.
Blues image, ride Captain Ride had 55 and rounding out our top five.
These five will, uh, survive for the next pool.
Not the next pool, but I mean, like the final runoff.
Already, when we wind up with the final winners, and about, what, what's that going to be?
About two and a half years?
Steam, Nanai, hey, hey, kissing goodbye.
Number five with 49 votes.
Just edging out Taco and putting on the Ritz 45,
which George was very nervous that that might make the cut.
Didn't do it. Wow.
Zagrin Evans in the year 25, 25, have 40.
Four.
EMF, you're unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
38.
Followed by, I'm not going to waste my time reading the numbers.
Uh, paper laced on it Chicago died then free all right now.
Johnson Bastion, welcome back.
Carter, 30.
Question mark of the Mysteries 96.
Here's had 29. It should have been better than that.
The pro claimers, I'm going to be 500 miles 27.
Amboy Duke's journey to the center of the mind.
Shatters and I'd glory a monotone's book of love.
David Essex, rock on, strawberry alarm clock, incense and peppermint's, which is certainly no soft, seltainted love.
Free to paint band of gold.
Charlie Pride, kiss a angel.
Good morning.
We five. You were on my mind.
The five stair steps and ooh, child.
The mystics and hushed by head only 15 votes.
Do you know something that's down right on American?
Yeah.
See if we had more people on South Florida who spoke English, the mystics and hushed by what had more votes.
Sure, one of the specs.
Yeah, blame the specs for that. Well, they must have voted for tainted love.
Sure, that's a spick group.
Yeah.
Edison Lighthouse, love goes where my rosemary goes.
And you ought to see what else is growing there too.
Uh, uh, 11 shocking blue of Venus 11.
And guess what had 10 finally.
I'll be sure cut out the sirens because while the radio don't want to scare people.
I think they're watching CNN.
It's another one.
News alerts.
Bulletin.
Bulletin.
Bulletin.
Bulletin.
Bulletin.
Bulletin.
People in my life which also had only 10 months.
That's, you know, like I said, what's the point?
But it kills him good time.
Electric prunes I had too much to dream last night had eight.
A live and kicking Taterentatour had 7.
And guess what?
What?
That one out you bought some uh, CDs yesterday.
And guess how much they were Robert 999.
The piece.
That's Canadian Selectre XIX and I have bucks to get some of these great oldy CDs.
Six and a half bucks.
There's some great stuff on these, as you heard before the show.
Give your little preview, not your chart.
Keith 98.6 was next.
Fred and Lover reached out in the darkness.
White planes, my baby loves love and finally had six.
We finally got the title right and it had six votes.
Which, it's something, not great.
Randy the Rainbow is Denise 5.
And human beings, nobody but me came in dead last with only three votes.
Again, very disturbing.
In fact, I dare say sitting here in my goddamn chair with my fat ass.
That nobody but me but human beings is heads and shoulders above tainted love by a soft-sale.
Any day of the week, just turn the list upside down.
Yeah, there you go.
So there we got the top five.
I'll put that over there, save it.
And then we'll compile a one from today in between and be tweaked.
Plus, I have a lot of stuff to play.
For example, and here, just to show you that I'm not the playing favorites.
Here's one of the worst songs ever that I hate like poison.
That could be the worst song of all time.
You know what? In the summertime by Mungo, you're in.
Come on now.
You like that song?
I used to.
I mean, they were.
Get out of here.
You don't like that song.
That song blows me.
That's a piece of rock.
I'm singing along.
Ooh.
Sounds like, sounds like, sounds like, sounds like, he's sitting on the throne.
I just like saying Mungo.
What about in the end of the poem, man, by Hot Legs?
And I'll tell you one thing for a song that, quite frankly,
if I never heard it again, it would be too soon.
This is on every CD that was ever made, I think.
You know what?
Bobby Freakin' Bloom, and on this CD they got the temper right.
The other CD had just said Montigo.
And this one, Montigo Bay.
Okay, now it's a compile list.
We better start right now.
You want to know why?
Why?
I did a very stupid thing.
What I did was I marked these CDs.
The yellow magic marker that I used to like mark the log, the live spots.
The highlighter.
The highlighter.
Well, what I did is I highlighted on the back of each CD, because I didn't know how else to, you know, mark them.
And now I noticed that the...
It rubs off.
It's like, it's rubbing off.
Stupid.
Yeah, I am.
So in the summertime by Mungo Jerry, we'll put that on there just to make you happy.
You writing these down?
I am no.
I'm not putting hot legs in the inner thaw, man.
I know, it's a piece of crap.
But I did look these up to verify them.
We already did, Indiana wants me.
Was Montigo Bay on the list?
No.
No.
Montigo Bay by Bobby Bloom.
Those are the only two from this particular CD.
Although I will say this, because everybody wants it.
We'll want to hear a little bit of this.
Which one you're a little bit of that?
Sure play the whole thing.
Well, that's enough.
It's Melanie with the Edwin Hawkins singers.
Number them from all happy day, remember them?
No.
You don't remember all happy day, I'm sure.
You're a communist, man.
You ought to be one of those asshole's marching in Cuba today.
Those seven million people who...
Somebody made them an awful day, couldn't refuse and said, get out there and march and show that he hates George W.
And you love Fidel.
He promised him.
I never did, I walked that door.
He's going to take her brand new key and stick her right in your...
You know, watch it.
So I just thought it'd play a little bit of that.
Okay, so you got to start to list plus the ones that I gave you yesterday,
which I guess you'll read back eventually when we get to it.
But first let me do this.
Because it's going to be one of those kind of shows.
Got an OJ story today?
Oh!
A lot of good stuff.
See, this I like a little bit better.
You know, I like the tone of this a little bit better, especially with the music.
Because it just...
It lightens things up a little bit.
As opposed to all these very heavy depressing neurotic stories.
As a matter of fact, talk about depressing and neurotic.
Yeah.
This is from USA today, today, today.
Threat of Dirty Bombs, Soft and Ascroft, Your Marks, Unnoi White House.
There should be a period in that.
Threat of Dirty Bombs, Soft and Ascroft, Your Marks, Unnoi the White House.
Attorney General John Ascroft, on Monday, overstated the potential threat posed by Dirty Diff Bombs,
suspect Abdullah Al-Muhajir, Bush Administration and Law Enforcement officials say yesterday.
What did I tell you?
Trying to cover his ugly right-wing ass.
Ascroft's remarks annoyed the White House and led the administration to soften the government's descriptions of the alleged plot.
I don't think there was actually a plot beyond some fairly loose talk.
And Al-Muhjah here is coming here and here obviously to plan further deeds.
Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfe, which told CBS yesterday.
His comments echoed those Monday of FBI director Robert Mueller and Deputy Attorney General Larry Thompson.
They backed away from Ascroft's description of the alleged plot, but emphasized that Al-Muhajir was dangerous,
and that his arrest was a victory against terrorism.
When Ascroft announced Al-Muhajir's May 8th, the rest of the set of thirties had disrupted an unfolding terrorist plot to attack the US
by exploding a radioactive Dirty Bombs.
His 14 paragraphs statement mentioned radiation or Dirty Bombs five times,
and said Al-Muhajir was being detained by the military for the safety of all Americans.
A little bit melodramatic there, John.
Ascroft's ominous tone surprised the White House and law enforcement officials here in abroad,
including some who had tracked Al-Muhajir here to Al-Kaeda meetings in Pakistan.
The law enforcement officials say the evidence against Al-Muhajir 31 indicate he was interested in many scenarios,
including involving explosives, and radioactive materials was one possibility.
They say that the former Chicago gang member once known as Jose Podillo, former Brewer County resident,
was up to no good, but that any plans involving radiation were not as mature as Ascroft suggested.
Administration sources say the White House emphatically told Ascroft that it was dissatisfied with this description of the alleged plot.
How do you like that, huh?
Publicly, the White House defended Ascroft saying it was technically correct.
There's always a tendency at times like this, that the initial report immediately lurched to the worst-case scenario administration's spokesman,
Henry Fleischer, said, just as departments spokesman Mark Carrello and said Al-Muhajir was definitely planning an attack.
Ascroft was traveling in Hungary on Tuesday, in other words, he's from Hungary.
How do you like that, huh? What did I tell you?
On the heels of all the heat that they're taking, on the heels of all this bull crap,
making it obvious that they haven't got the right hand, it's got no idea what's left hand is doing,
and the fact that he wanted to continue spending a lot more money fighting drugs than the war on terror.
There you go. Ascroft tried to cover his obnoxious ass, and he is.
In fact, he's like a walking ass, you know what? Try to ask CROFT them.
913 at 560 WQM, your home of ass.
You've heard me talking about the big one, not a big ass, but a big paycheck.
That's right, and you can have one too in just four short months.
Although, George probably likes a big ass. Yes, I do as a matter of fact.
We don't want to discuss now during the spot what he likes doing with him,
but nevertheless, you can use your own vivid imagination.
The demand for a certified computer professionals is through the roof now.
It is astronomical. So pick up that phone and call the good folks over at FastTrain.
Tool free, 866 FastTrain.
Summer classes are forming right now as I speak, and if you call very soon, like immediately,
if not sooner, you can be certified in a brand new career before summers and it's start making some real cash.
FastTrain offers Microsoft certified instructors for convenient locations,
including that brand new campus in highly congested Kindle,
job placement assistance day and evening classes too.
And for those individuals whose job was affected after 9-11,
FastTrain is an Operation Paycheck Training Provider.
Call FastTrain. Here's their Tool Free number, 866 FastTrain,
or check them out on the web if you like it, fasttrain.com.
And don't forget, it's the MS FastTrain can have your certified and ready for a brand new career
and it is a little last four months.
So if you're tired of your dead end job, if you're tired of working for some obnoxious asshole,
call FastTrainDane, get on the road to a brand new career,
and start making some serious bucks. Call Tool Free 1-866-
L.
I am a...
I am a...
He's a 3 on Sports Radio 560, QAAM.
You're a bastard.
I used to think that I could not be home.
But they would keep quiet because I'm a star.
And now the year's the best for copying fields.
As long as grass is on the plate,
King Field, if I can see it,
then I can do it.
If I just believe it, then there are my jawheads.
I'm a big pedophile.
Yes.
I believe I can touch your thigh.
You can see it on video tape.
Don't care more than try to surage.
If your parents come home,
you'll see me running through that open door.
I'm a big pedophile.
I'm a big pedophile.
I'm a big pedophile.
Oh, right.
I think it's racist in myself.
Remember Jerry Lee Lewis, he married his cousin.
He was like 13 or 14 years old, remember that?
Yeah, but he married her.
Yeah.
Also, in other words, they didn't do it till they're wedding night.
In his south, that means that's all good.
But he was a white guy, so that was okay.
But Arkella, he's dark.
And because of the fact he'd banged some 14-year-old chick,
their nailers asked to the cross.
And nobody wants to buy his music anymore.
And it's like, fat.
Every time somebody even mentions Arkella,
people start puking all over themselves.
Oh, and how come Michael Jackson is still off the hook?
More money.
Boy.
So Joan Fleshman writes in a hero,
and I thank whoever faxes to us because I would never read
Joan Fleshman's column under penalty of death.
But it's kind of interesting to us because you know what?
The QAM just can't...
The controversy never stops and the audience likes that.
A QAM in it, power.
There's one set in the...
Now what the hell was that?
That was me.
How did you do that?
I turned on a pot and there was noise coming out of it.
Quit messing with pot during the show.
Will you please?
I want thing to be selling after the show.
It's another thing to be dealing with it during the show.
I see again on that end, operator error on that end.
Every guy damn day now.
Sorry.
Jesus, K. Christ.
Anyway, what thought was I just saying before I got to the...
Oh yeah, good old Joan Fleshman.
There's one sentence in here that I can't read.
It's like a bad fax, but we'll get to the meat of the matter.
Remember Bo Griffin, our good close personal friend
that kissed me on the lips that day,
and I've never written the same sentence.
We'll never forget her.
Former Power 96 Radio host Bonita.
I never knew that was her name Bonita, didn't you?
Neither.
Till just now.
See, it's not even 9.30 yet.
We're already learning.
Former Power 96 Radio host Bonita Bo Griffin filed a complaint against the station with the
Federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
She claims she got canned after 15 years because of a rage.
Griffin 44 says Power 96 owned by Beasley Broadcast Group replaced her with a less qualified
30-year-old male, DJ Al B. Silt took over the 6-10-A.M.
Drive-Time slot.
Griffin attorney Robert Weisberg.
Sounds like a Jew boy to me.
Says the station said fourth its reason for termination in an April piece in a herald,
which quoted program director Kim Curry 47.
Yeah, 47.
I guess he could be 47, couldn't he?
Sure, just because he has a lot of white hair.
He looks a lot older.
Well, he's had a tough life.
As your people get older and older, there comes a time when they might not be able to identify themselves in the target audience.
The logical thing we have to do is wipe out all the old stuff and start a new.
Oh, that was a bad statement, kid.
Scurvy.
That was a bad move on your part, and they got quoted in the newspaper.
Remember the last asshole at suit for AIDS discrimination?
What was his name and her name?
I read Justice.
Larry Justice.
He said for justice, we should go to the courts.
Did he get justice?
No.
Didn't get squat.
God can't get canned because you were too old Larry.
God can't because you sucked on the air.
That's why.
All he ever talked about is how he used to be great at WBZ 100 years ago.
How he used to like shine, call the Susan Shoes or something like that.
Says power vice president general manager Greg Reed 48.
Oh, it's got everybody's age.
Hey, how about you, Johnny?
How old are you?
Let's find out how old Joan Fleischman is.
She's got everybody's age in here.
It's a good thing she didn't write about Moe.
You know what?
She didn't put your age in here.
No, that's true.
Well, everybody knows I'm 59.
Anyway, Greg Reed 48 says, I love Bull.
It wasn't a matter of AIDS.
The ratings were declining and we had to freshen up the radio station.
Do you believe that?
Uh, I think it was age.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Now, I mean, come on, Bull.
Get serious.
In addition to which like Mike Disney said, even though his station's falling like a rock,
like Disney said, what is a guy named kids scribble?
First of all, how old do you call yourself kid?
You know, when you get to be 67 and number two, what is a guy who's 67
know about music that kids want to listen to?
Absolutely nothing.
They take those focus groups.
Yeah, focus, focus.
I got your focus right here, sweetheart.
Griffin wants a pitch woman for the psychic hotlines.
Now lives in Beverly Hills, California.
And also the thing they didn't like was she had that studio in her bedroom.
They don't like those out of town studios.
Who would do that?
Also, it says something about since canceling off freelancers for TV news mag extra.
But I can't read the other censor because it's a bad facts.
Then as if Joni didn't cause enough stir with that Norman Elliott Kent,
Fort Lauderdale attorney and publisher of Howard's gay oriented newspaper,
the express the fag paper got a 90 day suspension from the Florida Supreme Court.
Stems from a 1995 dispute over the estate of Robert Patterson, a security guard.
It's from the Florida bar.
They said a bar compliance audit of Kent's trust account revealed significant and multiple shortages caused by Kent's constant and intentional co-mingling of earned fee fees with trust account funds.
Says Kent 52.
Got everybody's agent here, except me and Alice Rantella at Elvymusica.
Says Kent 52.
I screwed up, didn't follow the rules.
I never got accused of taking anyone's money.
Technical violations.
I've set responsibility for my errors.
I should have done better.
He says got a 90 day suspension, which what the hell is he here?
He's got that fag newspaper going and that bogus radio show attorney Alvin Enten represented in before the bar.
You know who that is?
No.
You know my lawyer? What are my lawyers? Richard Enten?
Yes, his brother.
Huh?
Is he fat too?
I don't know. I never met him, but he's a very good attorney.
Hey Richard, how's your...
Welcome.
Robert Tray had a little problem in their lives. Do you remember that?
He said don't talk about on the air.
But now that he got his Roids all straightened out, I'm sure he doesn't mind.
Among Kent's high profile clients, radio personalities, Neil Rogers and Al Rantel, and Elvie Musica, who has a government prescription to smoke marijuana for glaucoma,
Kent also owns talent management associates.
What?
Talent management associates?
What the hell is that?
And hosted a topical talk show on WFTLA in 1400 that'll be on from 10 to 11 this morning, by the way, in case you don't want to miss the normal kent show.
One topic he won't discuss says Joni, estate advice.
Yeah, you can be sure of that.
In other words, don't give many money to hang on to.
That's my best advice.
Because he might go out and buy pot with it.
So that's pretty interesting crap.
Okay, now are we forming... By the way, Eric?
Eric did very good that one hit wonder...
What is it?
One hit wonder central.com. Great website.
Just like I said yesterday, a great website, Eric.
He'd done good.
But now you can sit back and eat a baloney sandwich and take care of all your other clients.
Because this is a work in progress the one today. Right?
Oh yeah.
Well, it has to be.
Talk real slow.
Now what are the ones that you had from yesterday?
The standels in dirty water.
Right.
The tornadoes and tell star.
Right.
Genie C. Riley Harper Valley PT.
Harper Valley PT.
But I hated that song.
I despised it.
And I hate to spit it out, but I will anyway.
Starland vocal band afternoon delight.
Tom Cochrane.
What is it?
Tom Cochrane.
Yeah.
Life is a highway.
The Joe Deppie group.
I'm sure if I heard that, I would recognize it.
But I don't know what they are.
My pleasure of love, Joe Deppie group.
My pleasure of love, Joe Deppie group was great.
Won't get too many votes with this crowd because their taste is in their tussus.
I mean, tainted love and soft sell.
That's enough that they made me want to.
Oh.
Good and Lizzy.
The boys are back in town.
And that's on there too.
The boys are back in town.
That's a good song.
That's a good hockey song.
Like a beer can of the center.
How they doing the Leafs?
They still playing?
Now see the fact that this one they got ten votes.
What's the point?
You know?
What's the use when you're dealing with a bunch of silly play-mob?
I'm not sick yet.
Got one's money and clothes.
That kind of fun.
And hair is kind of wild and free.
Oh, right.
Oh, the love grows when my road's there it goes.
And nobody knows how to be.
How could that only get ten votes?
Got me.
926 at 560 WQM.
It's going to be 100% free.
993 Degrees in South Florida today and the humidity is going to be 400%, which means you're
going to be schwitzing your brains out.
But if you want to keep in good health and feel good all the time, here's a product that
can help you do that.
It's called Oliomed.
Why?
Because olive oil's good stuff.
Even the ancient geeks knew that.
Oliomed is a soft gel capsule that contains pharmaceutical-grade olive oil along with lots
of other good stuff.
In there there's vitamins and minerals and herbals and they make a different product to
promote the health for various aspects of your body.
They got one that helps your prostate.
One for your heart, for your blood pressure.
They have a separate product for your cholesterol.
Oliomed also got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system.
Your digestive, your endocrine system, your skin and bones, even your mind.
All using the benefits of the best olive oil that money can buy and don't forget.
Oliomed's got products for men and for your ladies out there as well.
Oh, I forgot to...
Oh, yes, I called a Darren McCarty.
Larry McCarty.
That's my harness racing background.
I have a harness racing story, by the way.
Just want to collect a few little odds and ends on here.
How could I call Darren McCarty at the Red Wing's Larry McCarty?
I don't want to be that stupid.
Oliomed's available right now at Walgreens, Whole Food Market,
Stemoral Pharmacy and Stodonos.
Also forgot to mention that Vanessa and a brand new Billy are back on the guiding light.
Oliomed's a stupendous product.
If you don't see it on the shelves, just tap the star manager on the shoulder and tell him,
I won it, God damn it.
We can call toll-free to get more information about Oliomed products at this number.
One, 866 Oliomed.
That's one, 866 Oliomed.
And you can also order there many products on the internet, their website,
or the summertime.
When the weather is high, you can hit the beach, see some ass and thigh in the summertime.
You got women, you got women on your mind.
There's some nice behinds.
Go out and see what you can find.
Welcome.
And for the teeny stins, there's a lot to reveal.
And a nice, key string got lots of appeal.
Check it out there, man.
That prunette's making my tongue hang through the side.
It's because her tongue fits holding up a pair of 45s.
We're just normal guys.
We're not dirty.
We're not mean.
We just love the girls and see them.
They're creaks in the summertime.
We go check and we go check in out the scene.
Spend the summertime, finding cuties, finding cuties on the beach.
Come along with me, see some DDT's.
Make me so happy when the summer's here.
I got women, I got women on my mind.
Yes, the girls are nice.
Wearing those bikini smaller thighs.
With a hot hot bun.
Surely it's a feast for your eyes.
Come along with me, see some tatatas.
C-C-D-D-D, tatatatas.
In the summertime, we'll go cruise, and we'll go cruise into the beach.
All right.
For the tatatas, T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T.
You know how they're voodets and teats on that velvet?
9.33 or 5.60.
You're pretty amazing that that should pop up like that.
All of a sudden, after I played the real song a little while ago.
Coincidence?
Shocking.
No, there are no coincidences.
Okay, so what do you got here so far?
We're putting the pool for today together on the part two,
out of probably about 500.
Before we get to that, speaking of pools, I don't want to spoil your TV viewing tonight,
but, and speaking of TV viewing, George missed small village nights shame on you.
I'm so ashamed.
It's not one that you saw before, not one that I saw before either,
because how long has that show been on?
Just this year, a few months.
This is the first season?
Yeah.
Well, I couldn't have seen very many episodes,
and maybe I only saw like the last half, doesn't it, something like that?
Because I hadn't seen it one last night where the guy convinces a John Schneider to sell the farm.
The guy with the magic handshake.
Uh-oh.
And Clark shook it a couple of times as a matter of fact.
And then what's her name?
Not the Lano, but the what's the other one's name, the blonde?
I forget.
But whatever it is, she got talked into giving him a big kiss on the pool and grabbing him
and like stuck her hand down his pants.
Well, almost.
Anyway, speaking of TV viewing tonight, CBS has got a big thing.
The list of the top 100 film romances that's on CBS tonight.
In other words, this big contrived shows.
And of course, everybody else other than CBS wants to pee on air parade.
They want to do everything they can to like tip the result so that there's no suspense and nobody will watch it.
I noticed the CBC here in Toronto did that this morning.
Mark whatever the guy's name is was reading the list.
And I thought, well, that's kind of unusual.
And then I go to the various websites to see if I can get a little bit of insight as to what's going on.
Not only to see it and have the top 10, they got the whole top 100.
Nice go on CBS.
They wrecked it.
That's what he was saying.
And you'll be amazed at this list.
The top 100 role man's movies of all time.
Number one is Casablanca, which you never saw?
No, thank God.
You must remember this.
A chicken cannot.
Casablanca is starring Humphrey Bogart as saloon keeper Rick Blaine and Ingrid Bergman as his lost love Ilsa.
The one that came in number one on the American Film Institute's top 100 US love stories announced to the CBS TV special AFI's 100 years.
Oh, I see it was on last night.
This was on last night.
I thought it was going to be on tonight.
And here I thought that we were like tipping the, they already saw it.
Damn it.
Yeah.
See, I can't keep my day straight anymore.
I thought this was going to be on tonight and that everybody was like peeing on their parade.
Well, they already announced this.
So it's not like a big bullet and nobody cares anyway.
Number two was gone with the wind.
Number three was West Side Story for Roman holiday in 1953.
I have no idea what that was.
Although I think that Ditsy Blonde was in was not Jane Mansfield who was in Roman holiday.
But don't make me get the guy that movie book out now.
Not Marilyn.
No, I don't change Harlow.
Gene Harlow?
I'm thinking Ditsy Blonde.
I'm going to start naming Ditsy Blonde.
Oh, I can't.
Boy, if you think the music book is heavy, this one, this awful timeout movie guy, the one that I hate.
Yeah.
Well, he's about 1,600 pounds.
Instant Hurnia.
Rommel the desert fox.
Boy, what a luck.
I open almost to the right page.
Beauty.
That's an Omen.
Roma, Chita, operta, operta.
What did you say?
Roma, Chita, operta.
That means Roma in the open city.
Oh, Chita with a C.
A C all by a thought is pronounced.
Chit, chit, chit, chit, chit, chit, like, chit, chit, changes.
What am I looking for?
Roman Holiday.
Romanizing the stone is one my mother was very nervous about.
Here's Roman Holiday starring, directed by William Wiler, starred Aubrey Hepburn, Walter
Hool, Gregory Peck, Eddie Albert, Tulio Carminaughti, hardcore Williams and heartily power, no
relation to the Jerome power.
Oh, Aubrey Hepburn, she must have been the blonde.
I was in there.
She maybe just died or her later on.
There was no blonde in there.
Anyway, I don't know what that movie is.
And if you remember, 1957 was number five.
The way we were was number six.
Dr. Javago, number seven.
Remember, yesterday we talked about somewhere in my love by the Ray Conop singers and Dr. Javago?
See how these things all fall in.
It's a wonderful life with Jimmy Stewart was number eight.
Oh, that's...
And that was in a romance movie?
No, it had a romance in it.
I guess if it had a romance in it, it qualifies.
That's bad.
Love story was number nine.
And city lights number 10, 1931.
So I got the whole list here.
Things get really slow like one day.
I'm gonna say that.
Put that over there.
Yeah, put that over there for the slow days.
New York and Kentucky Catholic bishops resign.
We had a Kentucky one yesterday.
This from the news day.
And auxiliary bishop in the Roman Catholic arts diocese of New York has resigned after admitting
there's several affairs with women.
Becoming the fourth US bishop to step down in the sex abuse scandal.
Rocking the church.
This one says rocking.
Although I like it a lot better when they say, roiling.
auxiliary bishop James F. McCarthy, 59, pastor of St. Elizabeth and
seat in church in Shrub Oak in Westchester County admitted to the affairs after they were brought to the attention church officials and led them to arrive Saturday.
The announcement yesterday came only hours after the Vatican accepted the resignation of Bishop Jake Kendrick,
William 65 of Lexington, Kentucky, was accused in three sex abuse cases of which we talked at length yesterday.
In New York, the arts diocese said McCarthy is a fairster place over the course of several years.
Church officials said they'll cooperate with prosecutors if any legal issues arise from the affairs.
Speaking of an affair to remember.
I acknowledge that I had improper relationship with a woman that included sexual contact.
I began when she was approximately 21 years old.
McCarthy said in the statement issued last night.
I also acknowledge I had improper sexual contact with other women.
Archbishop Egan said, I take this opportunity to express my personal care and concern for all involved in the situation
in particular any women in their families who may have been hurt and for Bishop McCarthy as well of course.
Of course.
Just two months ago McCarthy had spoken about how the ongoing scandal involving sexual abuse by priest Teddy wrote of the relationship between priest and their parishioners.
The resignations came two days before the start of that gathering in Dallas by the bishops to cover this whole thing up.
In other developments, the Salt Lake City diocese said three priests were removed from their post.
After the bishops reviewed 50 years of abuse allegations, the allegations are not recent said Monica how a Johnson.
But didn't she have that chain of restaurants and make some good ice cream too?
How a Johnson?
Communications director for the diocese. What a name.
It's a hyphenated name. Monica how a Johnson.
I'll meet you later where you want to meet. How a Johnson.
In Patterson, New Jersey, Bishop Frank J. Rodermeer voted to reimburse the diocese.
He's a quarter of a million dollars from part of a legal settlement that paid on his behalf to the family of a young sex abuse victim.
I don't think he has any obligation to repay, but it's his choice and he's the boss that Kenneth Mullingley the diocese lawyer.
Denver Archbishop Charles Chapitt was that kaput.
Said he supports a policy that allows for no second chances for abusive priest.
Chapitt also says that no-one abuses are serving in the Denver Archdiocese.
And a 30-year-old woman filed a 10 million dollar lawsuit against the Cleveland diocese alleging that a priest groped and kissed her when she was in grade school.
Robert Tyak, a church spokesman, said that I see his head and seen the lawsuit.
And of course, like everybody else in the universe, had no comment.
20 till 10 years, one thing we can comment about and that's fat.
Take it from the expert, man. Fat is debilitating. It's not good for your health. It's ugly.
Makes you feel like crap. Makes you feel like you want to lay down in the corner all the time.
Just asked the beast. Who I guarantee it feels a lot better.
As of a few days ago, I bet she's not even more than this now.
But as of a few days ago, in less than three months, he's lost 32 pounds on balance for life.
This is a young man who I guarantee it was on a virgin being on the way out.
Would you agree with that? Oh, any day now.
Any breath could have been his last. Good guy. We all like him.
But the fact of the matter is he was just grotesque.
Now he's becoming a shadow of himself and he's doing it the easy way because balance for life doesn't force you to make any choices.
Well, the only choice you make is the two alternatives that they give you.
They give it a list with alternatives for each meal every day to turn a program.
But you don't have to make any shopping choices because you don't go shopping.
They bring you a little black sack. And by the way, the good news is we got that all straight now.
We're black on a back on a black sack routine.
Every morning by 6 a.m. they deliver a little black sack that's got all your food for the day.
And there's plenty in there, believe me, you're not going to go hungry.
Three hormonally balanced gourmet meals that are delicious, made with the best ingredients that money can buy.
Two delicious snacks and even a 69's bottle of water. It's right in there to wash it down.
So you don't have to count calories. You don't have to count carbs.
All you have to do is count the pounds that you're losing day after day after day that's run the program.
So get in shape for stomachs starting right now. And who knows you might even be wearing a bathing suit.
Maybe even a thong bikini before the summer's over. Just like the beast.
Wouldn't that be a sight to see?
You first. Call balance for life. 954-568-229.
And start losing the weight the easy way. 954-568-229.
Or check out their website if you like.
at www.balanceforlife.com
Plains New York.
The Joe and Marshall overnight on sports radio 560-Q-A-M.
Come on, baby. Come play with these titties.
Okay.
Hey, won't do myself just yet.
Till I find a funny magazine to look upon.
Is I my best?
Will make it as I'm cans.
I found a secret little place to lock myself away.
I'll just take some time to fiddle and then do it with my man, hoist, price.
Everything, everything will feel alright.
Everything, everything will be alright.
Alright.
Hey, I should feel ashamed when I'm turning butter all alone.
You can't come in.
You can try right now.
Just beat yourself.
Soon you'll know that you are finished up with no one else.
You just take some time to fiddle and then do it with your man, hoist, price.
Everything, everything will feel alright.
Everything, everything will be alright.
Alright.
You just take your time to fiddle and then do it with your man, hoist, price.
Everything, everything you feel alright.
Everything, everything will be alright.
Oh, we're fine.
I was thinking of Dan Stewart.
So Jack Wagner is on the list here.
All I need from 1984, which you remember that, which luckily I don't.
Jack Wagner from General Hospital.
We're going to certain people out of want to mention any names.
Oh, we're fine.
It's like a butterfly and things like a queen bee, but nevertheless.
So here's a fact that not a good facts, good intentions, but unfortunately a lot of mistakes.
Where's my harness raising story real quickly?
I promise I won't call Duran McCarty.
Larry McCarty again.
Do you think I can find it?
I don't think so.
It's very short.
I know Dick Feinberg won here, but if he doesn't know about it already, I can't find it.
Ah, come on.
Huh?
Well, I want to make sure that I get it right, but I can't, it's in here somewhere.
One more place.
Can't find it.
Can you find it?
No.
Oh, here it is.
Todeck can find it.
After spending seven years exiled from the sport he once dominated because of allegations of race fixing,
Canadian driver Erve Fillion's on the verge of retreat during a harness racing.
Oi!
The Pennsylvania State Harness Racing Commission has decided to grant Fillion 62 of Angers Quebec a one-year conditional license.
This allows Fillion, who hasn't driven since being suspended in 1995, the chance to become the first man to record 15,000 wins in his career.
How do you like that?
Let's hear it for Erve Fillion.
Turn it on.
Send it back to freehold rave belongs, okay?
So anyway, this facts.
Me and you and a dog named Boo by Lobo.
Well, you believe that?
By Lobo?
No, Lobo had lots of hits.
Lobo, whose sister her name was Labia.
I'd love you to want me.
That was a great song.
In fact, that was a bigger hit than me and you and a dog named Boo.
That reached number two.
Boo for two weeks.
I'd love you to want me.
Remember that?
That was a great song.
Yeah, that was his best song ever.
Don't expect me to be your friend.
That was number eight.
I think Emory recorded that.
And then he had a bunch of other minor hits like your shirt took a long long time.
How can I tell her?
Standing at the end of the line.
Don't tell me goodnight.
And when you were, where were they?
How were you when I was falling in love?
Here's one.
One out of four ain't bad whoever sent us this facts.
Well, actually he's got two, but Tom Clay and what the world needs now.
Two obscure.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Or they had the actual footage of the assassinations of JFK and RFK and Martin Luther King and all that stuff in the background.
Two obscure.
Tom Clay.
Who by the way was a disc jockey at KGBS and Los Angeles when he made that recording.
So that's that's accurate.
But the only one we're putting on there is Timothy by the boys B-U-O-Y-S.
Oh, yeah.
We've talked about that song.
In fact, once upon a time I had it.
And in fact, maybe it's still in there somewhere in that studio.
Timothy by the boys.
Don't you remember somebody brought that in for a special B-O-D?
I don't like the song, by the way.
I hate the song.
He also has got the Led Zeppelin's their way to heaven.
I mean, that's good.
That's good.
That's good.
Serious.
Okay.
First of all, thank goodness that wasn't their only hit because that would like eliminate everything else.
And as you look it up on the list, if I can find a goddamn thing, where is it?
Led Zeppelin.
A whole lot of love was number four.
And then they had some minor hits.
Immigrant song, black dog,
dire maker, trampled underfoot, and fool in the rain.
So that one's wrong.
And also he's got five man electoral band and sign.
Then we had to deal with that yesterday.
It wasn't on the list.
Nope.
Because we looked it up.
Oh, that's right.
They had another hit.
They had absolutely right.
And you are absolutely correct sir.
Right.
So nice job sir.
Here's the fact that this is Happy Anniversary OJU piece of crap.
I'll get to my OJ story eventually here.
But we have a lot of work to do.
This was number three on yesterday's list.
Norman Greenbaum.
Oi!
I'm sure that he like converted to some like, you know, bizarre religion.
Like Christianity, some like that.
Psychology.
And you're right.
The instrumentals at the beginning here is the only good part of the song.
And I'm dying to remember to rest.
Going to go to the place next to rest.
I mean, how could that have been number three out of all those great songs we had on there yesterday?
I mean, is that even in the same league with you?
Huh?
No.
I'm just playing this all day.
Just gotta focus.
What is wrong with you people out there?
They had ten votes out of like almost a thousand?
So what have we got here?
And I guess what I'm going to have to do?
Well, we probably should play a little bit of some of the crappy ones on here too.
I'm not putting this on the list.
The T-set.
What did you get for your wedding?
A T-set.
And then of course yesterday this also had only ten, which people, you know, there are people on death row for less offenses than only ten people voting for this has been the best one hit wonder of all time.
Hey, I tried just for the sympathy factor.
And what goes good with the T-set, by the way?
Romulite?
Yeah.
On your scones.
Or on your stones.
Oh, that is just...
It makes you weak in the knees that song is so good, you know?
Something about sound photo, man.
There's something definitely right out of the if it's the air, the drinking water.
There's just something very, very...
And then of course also we had like four people to vote for this.
Even even though you've played like down there, you've played a couple of bits of this over and over.
That's close enough.
Six votes.
Six crappy votes for white planes.
But that's yesterday.
Okay, we don't want to turn back.
We want to move ahead.
So I guess we'll have to put on some of the ones that I played little bits of.
And also didn't even realize on this disc, the one who wondered is that they were that recent.
Because we got to balance this out.
That's what I'm trying to do today.
So we have some older stuff on here and also some 80s and 90s stuff.
So you punk's...
All you little punk's out there, there wouldn't know real music if it bit you on the ass.
We have something that you at least recognize.
For example, Robert's favorite.
Axel F.
Harold Falter, my put that on here.
Now what movie is that from?
Beverly Hills Compton.
Oh.
Weave.
Okay, got that down?
Yes.
Have you got Paul Hardcastle 19?
Never heard that in my life.
Realized that shocking you never heard it.
It was all over the radio down here.
In the godly and crème, cry.
Never heard this either.
19 was 1985.
Axel F was 85.
And this was 1985.
Never heard it.
Don't know it.
Don't know from it.
And I don't wanna.
And then of course we did this yesterday, but we didn't put it on the list for some reason.
The divinals and I touched myself.
We didn't put it on there, did we?
No.
Well, let's get it on there today.
Before it's too late.
Before we forget about it.
But I was okay at its moment.
I give it about a two and a half on a scale of 45.
Paul focuses on church scandal.
Just under half the public has a favorable view of America's Roman Catholic church in a new pool.
A significant drop from February is the church struggles with the scandal over child sex abuse by priests.
The ABC News poll released yesterday says 47% of the public has a favorable view of the public.
The Catholic church down from 63% in February.
Among Catholics, 7 and 10 had a favorable view down from 9 and 10 in February.
Let's see March, April, that's four months ago.
Roman Catholic bishops are meeting in Dallas as you know this week and plan to wish you an national policy to be formed churches handling of child abuse allegations and find a better way to sweep it all back under the carpet.
The pool of a thousand four adults was taken Friday through Sunday and as an error margin of plus or minus 3% is points larger for subgroups like Catholics.
Among the pool's other findings, a fifth of those pool 22% approved the way the church is handling the issue while 3-4th disapprove, a third of Catholics approved.
How do you like that?
Three quarters of everybody disapproved and a third of Catholics approved means two thirds disapproved.
Four and five of the overall public and Catholics that are priesthoods sexually abused one adolescent child should automatically be removed from the priesthood, some church officials have recommended a policy that's slightly more lenient.
I being a hard-ass prick like I am say that they ought to be in jail.
Almost 9 and 10 said the practice of not calling a priest when a priest is accused of abuse has been a major part of the problem and more than three fourths said the church policy of not allowing priest to marry as a part of the problem with half saying it's a major contributor.
An equal number pointed to an adequate screening and preparation of priests.
There you go. A lot of priest stuff today. I apologize for that, I can't help it.
956 do I apologize for that's just a joke. 956 at 560 WQ and we don't apologize for Brandy shoes man because they're incredible.
When you shop for quality footwear we know that selection and professional service are very important to everyone and prices probably at the top of your list.
When you can't beat the prices at Brandy's because you got the biggest election of men's and women's shoes in town the best service in South Florida the best prices in the universe period.
We're talking top quality names like rock ports S.A.S. Spirys Timberland naturalizer and lots more and with their humongous selection the chances are very slim that you'll ever hear anybody say to your Brandy's sorry we don't have that saw style in your size they won't say that because they got it.
Brandy's is open daily 9 to 9 Sundays 10 to 5 and you'll be finding him at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pomford, Obiche when it comes to price selection and service they are unbeatable and don't forget all this wicked Brandy's men's and women's rock port pro walkers only 50 to 90.
This week all.
Why don't you look for your.
Where you fudge back in.
This with four changing I went online I emailed the dumb and it tricks now everything is fine I make it in a dungeon made for slaves I get with when I have this.
I'm hanging by my testicles for her.
It's the little heels are painful when there are my box.
But that thing is just nothing when you're hanging from your nuts and I've been hanging from my testicles for days.
Now my balls are riding and decaying.
It's just a proof that she is not master I'm hanging by my testicles for her.
My scrotum used to be a normal sack now I can pull it halfway up my back.
I'm to move that she is my master I'm hanging by my testicles for her.
Number five yesterday is clearly edging out taco by a couple of votes.
Breathe in.
Breathe in.
I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell
you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you I'm telling you I'm going to tell you something and I got this thing in Ay I said all the people I've gotten my shirts that I got beginners quite enough
if you listen metal.
Heavy metal.
Oh!
Four non-blans.
Four non-blans, what's up?
Oh, what's going on?
Oh, what's up?
Is the name of the song, but, yeah.
No.
Are we writing that on there?
No, no, I'm not.
I'm hacking.
I don't know any of these songs.
It was a big hit.
They remixed it.
That was it from them.
Okay.
Four non-blans, what's up?
What's up?
Make sure you get it spelled right on there.
Where's that?
Yeah, just like that.
How about whale and hobo-humpin-slobbo-bay?
It's slo-bo-bay.
What is that?
Slobbo?
I saw the video for that.
Hobo-humpin-slobbo-bay.
I didn't think that was ever a hit, though.
Oh!
That sounds like you're right up your alley.
Yeah, whale.
They're from like Finland or...
Good.
Let me go back.
I used to do something like that.
Tasman Archer Sleeping Satellite.
Well, that was a big hit on the coast.
Okay, there you go.
There's another one for you.
How about US-3 in Cantaloupe, Flip Fantasia?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, what?
It was a hit.
Well, put it on there then.
Well, of course these were all hits.
I mean, tell me that it was a hit is not like a profound.
It doesn't tell me anything I need to know.
It was a one hit.
I don't know.
The year, by the way, for these, 93, 94, 95.
And this particular page that I'm working on right now?
Yeah.
Positive K. I got a man.
I've heard that one before.
And?
Not the best, but it's an oldie.
80s.
Not the best.
No, it's not the 80s, it's 1993.
It's 1993?
93.
Who did you have on Flies when you're having fun?
What?
Who did Cantaloupe?
Us three.
Okay.
Oh, us three.
I thought it was US three.
You say that's like...
In Inks.
In Access.
First time on Zeta when I read her a promo something about In Access, I read Inks.
And they thought it was cute.
What do I expect from an old guy like me?
I mean, I'm even older than Kid Scurvy.
Who thinks he's programming the young people?
So what do you think about that's Bob Bogue-Riffin thing, huh?
What's to think?
I don't know.
I think she's pretty old.
I think the act was old is what they meant to say.
I see.
Well, darling.
69 boys.
Tutsi Rule.
Never heard of it.
I remember that one.
Oh, oh, oh, wait.
Yeah, just a minute.
I'd like to see your Tutsi Rule.
Yeah.
Who did that again?
69 boys, VOYZ.
That's 1994.
What about Tag Team?
What about Tag Team?
There it is.
Oh, yeah.
What, now what year was that?
See, Robert's confusing the poll now because he's throwing stuff in here which isn't about...
Okay, just a second.
He's throwing stuff that's not on my current page.
I mean, you know, we're just going to open...
Tag Team, whoop there it is.
That was 1993.
You're right.
Very good, Robert.
Like I told you, he's got a stomach on it.
You better put that on there.
Tag Team and whoop there it is.
How do you spell whoop?
WHOMP.
Explanation point.
And then in parentheses, there it is.
Another one of those sports jock dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, and dumbest things.
Whoop there it is.
Oh, God.
I think we could have like 65,000 just not today's pool if he acts me.
How about Big Mountain and Baby I Love Your Way?
Okay.
Didn't Peter Frampton sing the original on it?
It sounds about right?
Oh, come on.
Come on, Jordan.
Come on, Jordan.
Jesus Christ is because he's some little limferist and faggot that comes up to your kneecap.
You got to like Peter Frampton.
He has a tiny penis we hear.
Well, so...
What's it to you?
How come I can't find Peter Frampton in my body?
It was him.
Here it is.
Baby I Love Your Way in 1976 and when was this horrible remake done?
See, why did they keep remaking songs that don't need to be remade?
It was because they like imagination and they want to cash in on it.
Big Mountain.
Baby I Love Your Way.
4 p.m.
Sukiaki.
Oh, yeah.
Sukiaki is another one I didn't need.
And you know who did the original Sukiaki?
I don't even have to look it up.
Oh, no, I've got it.
I'm capital records.
Q Sakamoto.
Oh.
How do you like that for knowing a lot of crap in your brain, huh?
Even at this advanced stage.
Q Sakamoto.
I don't put 4 p.m. on there.
Sukiaki.
It's too close to lunchtime.
Oh, Crash Test Dummies and mmmm.
Huh?
Yeah.
One of our favorites.
Now you're going to have a tough time spelling the title correctly.
I know how to spell it.
You do?
Yeah.
Mmmmm.
Yeah.
That's exactly a 1994.
The Crash Test Dummies.
That'll get some votes.
Oh, Dead Eye Dick.
I think you're pardon.
Can we say that?
No.
Dead Eye Dick and New Age Girl.
Bring any bells for you?
No.
Am I writing it down?
Well, don't just pour it right in there.
No, because then we have too many of them.
I'm relying on some knowledge there.
I mean, this is 1994 or 5.
I don't know anything about the American music from those years.
If we're doing like European music, I know a little bit.
Like real music.
Um, Edwin Collins, a girl like you.
Yeah.
Yeah, what?
Yeah, what?
You see the hood?
Uh, it was the mediocre.
Okay, well, don't put it on there if you think it was mediocre.
Of course you think a lot of stuff is mediocre, right?
Well, sorry.
Not that.
I think it's a rock.
Yeah, see, I wish I would have had all these CDs yesterday.
Oh!
penis.
Shocking.
It is shocking, you know?
Like tricky to keep one sentence.
Just shock me.
Remember that?
I think you took out this cap from difference to me.
Oh, so anyway, I'm sitting here dealing with these lists.
I'm supposed to be giving you some of these off these disks.
This will be on it.
Right?
Fourth.
Spiral staircase, more today than yesterday.
That was okay.
It was one of those after you heard it about the fourth time that we used to say that it was pretty good,
but I don't want to hear it anymore.
You know?
Right.
It was pretty good, but the three or four times that was enough.
And this will be on it.
Smith.
For our darker, complex and focused SMIFS Smith.
Like Will Smith.
Baby, it's you?
Yeah.
See, you made me step on it.
You did.
You did.
You didn't step on it.
Very close, very tight.
Let's have a replay, incidentally played.
If they can do it in the NBA, we can do it on the guitar, right on your show.
Incidentally played for Steppin' On Songs.
How about the flying machine?
Do I have a little, yeah, I do, as a matter of fact, I can still see my little yellow circles.
You need to get a sharpie.
Man, even an eye of what is not corn like this.
The flying machine is my little smile for me.
Special.
Lowest Marie.
Whatever your name is.
Garlic.
You really should accept.
Got it?
God is just smile a little.
Nose smile for me or is there something in parentheses?
That's, that's all you need.
That's the name.
And just to prove we don't play only stuff we'd like.
Ba bah bah bah.
Ahh!
Ba Betta.
Ba Betta.
Ba Betta.
Ba Ba ba.
かったしかして we can play this one down?
Tracey when I with you.
Something meeting.
Felt eigene.
Or does see him in Tracey day after day.
Okay, and just in case that you missed the yesterday and I think it did make the number two as a matter of fact a
Dis the number two to
Tainted love by soft sell but
Mountain Mississippi Queen
Just a joke I think it was a few of the papagayo
Oh, now you had that voicemail this morning about how he really died. Yeah
Still not how I used to do the gang bang with some guys was some terrible
Group sucks and he liked to watch his wife getting gang banged
Now he's dead. Feel us papiarty of Mrs. Of a mountain
How about over the mountain by Johnny and Joe but they had something else. That was a great song, remember that?
Yep way before you were born
Feminist after ten at five sixty W.D. Q.M. Have you noticed that all the good music was written before George was born?
You think it's just a coincidence? No, not before 64. Here's a simple question for you. Well, not over the mountain was like in the 50s
Yeah, 64 was the Beatles and the Beach Boys that was the end of all of the good music. Sorry. I'll be aerospace
Here's a simple question for you if somebody offered to give you several thousand dollars over the next few years
Would you accept it? Of course you would. Don't be stupid
Which makes it really foolish to pass up an opportunity to refinance or buy a home at only
3.95 percent here's what we're talking about
There's a Fannie Mae program available at just 3.95 percent for both refinancing and
Purchasing of homes think about it just 3.95 percent and all you have to do is call financial group
They'll give you all the information about how this works called toll free 1 800 940 53 63
That's 1 800 940 53 63 did I say my I think I said it clearly
If you're specifically you can get a hundred grand with payments of only 475 bucks a month or get yourself 200 grand
With payments of only 950 dollars a month you'll save yourself a Schmidt load of cash
So it'd be downright stupid to pass up an opportunity to do something like that
So do the math and do the smart thing get all the details with no obligation by calling our friends at financial group toll free
It's 1 800 940 lend that's 1 800 940 5363 there were an equal housing lender credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to
We're
Morning
Yeah
Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
We take a good hard stiff look and a start
She made us laugh as only a decrepit incontinent old person saying something suggestive can
She was Claire a pillar the old lady who said where's the beef?
What I liked was it where's the beef could be about a hamburger patty, but it could also be about
A man's private parks in tonight's archived interview
Clara talks openly about the devil untondra contained in the slogan you know, where's the beef?
Could be something you'd say about a man's penis clearly
Clara was not unaware of how the phrase entered pop culture you could be talking about
He is browser snake. Yes, Clara Peller was as feisty as her on screen persona could be a reference to his rod
He is swinging we need his lizard. He's not the bishop. Yeah, okay. That's enough Clara
His little soldier is poor sword. I can see his weight
Did I see
That's my favorite one
Clara Peller we had hoped you would shadow the stereotype of the elderly as horny half-seen-ow nut jobs
But well, but he gonna do it's a big juicy
Sopping wet luggage show business tonight on inside the behind
So where is the beef when you come right down to it Clara 1018 course you still dead. That's the bad part for Clara
Some good faxes here something in the year by thunder clap Newman you are
Absolutely
Correct and how many times have I played that on you and tried to pedal out to the sophomore audience?
I'll put it on there thunder clap Newman something in the air, but they don't like it don't ask me why maybe it's just too good
Here's wind who says love the no-call format and I'm glad you mentioned that because last week when I was down there for those three days
I want to apologize for Monday through Wednesday of last week and Georgia
Especially once to apologize for last Thursday when I was in transit back here to Toronto. Yeah, oh
But I think it's good that we do that once in a while just to prove a point that the calls are so bad that they're like a show stopper a show destroyer
They're like the end of the universe
Just to prove the point not that we really have to anyway when says
Yesterday you mentioned the next stand-up cup game isn't until Thursday. That's right wrap it up tomorrow night boys
Hey cut the crap and by the way Igor Larry on off what an asshole when he was in Florida playing for the I say playing for the Panthers
When he was wearing the Panther uniform, which you never played a lick never exerted one ounce of effort now that he's back with a great team
All of a sudden the age of 41 he's re-found is he's regained his youth makes me sick
Anyway, it says that's because the FNBA finals are on tonight so we don't have they don't want to go up against that
So they had to push it back to the mall
As far as one hit wonders and here's when is absolutely correct turning Japanese by the vapors
He's right. I looked it up. Of course, of course without sand
But Frank who seems to have a problem Frank every day faxes us some
Some incorrect information
He says Paul hard castle had a hit with rain forest in the mid 80s so he doesn't qualify as a one hit wonder
Well guess what Frank rainforest wasn't the hit it didn't make billboards top 40
For those that don't know we even as a greatest hit CD says Frank and guess what Frank you're still wrong. How do you like that?
So I don't mess with our list and Deb
Debby says and she is correct. How could we forget how could Georgia forgotten this?
Yeah, and I could go back there in the TV themes and whip this right out and play it again
But I think I think I've already done that a little bit too much anyway believe it or not theme from the
It's actually called the theme from the greatest American hero. Yeah, how could I have forgotten that joy?
Scarbury a medley of his smash great song
Theme from the greatest American hero we don't have to put believe it or not because that's not really officially the name
Okay, got it got it. So the list is growing and now
Now some moles
See it's amazing because you buy by these CDs very very cheap
Great CDs best of kind of things and yeah, look them up in my book and I find out for example there's 12 cuts on this one and two four
Five seven or is it eight? Well, I can't see my eight. I guess eight out of 12 are like one hit wonders
I
Didn't
I'm
I've got the power to mold and control.
Whoa, you know I do.
We're all half away to get your own show.
And the station down in Hollywood.
And I don't care who you are.
You're already below.
Just as long as you can stroke people.
I'm on the same boat, baby.
And you'll do anything I want you to you.
I'm your consultant, woman.
Spread your legion and desire you.
I'm gonna bone you.
I am.
Oh, yeah.
I'm gonna done slides.
I can't be a real job.
That's why I'm a consultant.
Cause I'm just an asshole.
Yes, matter of fact, I've spoken to a lot of people.
You know, we have many controversial people in the radio business
and you can access like 50 different people.
Like you'd be a 50 different impressions of that person.
Every single person I've ever mentioned, Walter Sabo's name,
has said the same thing.
He's an asshole.
Yeah.
Every one of them.
Even people he worked for said he's an asshole.
So how do you like that?
In fact, I think especially people he worked for.
Stations he helped destroy.
Anyway, do you get that, uh, eyes of March?
Yes, I did.
And we had this on yesterday, Rod Captain Rod,
which did very well, but I figured something might as well play a little bit of it.
Can I play this earlier, blues image?
Maybe this morning.
It was number four.
I played it before the show.
Number four on yesterday.
73 men sound up from the San Francisco Bay.
See, and probably there's some punks out there thinking,
well, you don't have to go out and buy all these suities.
You can download these for free and burn your own city.
Yeah, I could do that, but you know something.
You know how much time that would take?
So I can have downloading.
Yes?
From yesterday, I also didn't have a guest today.
I'm not gonna stop.
Thank you, Bob the blind.
By the tornadoes.
Yeah.
Now what year was that?
About 61?
You got me.
61 or two.
I'm gonna have to look that up.
It had to have been 63 or four.
No, no, no, because I was in Boston when I was a hit.
All right.
Remember Bruce Bradley playing that on WVZ in Boston.
And Jefferson K.
Those were the great days for radio.
Tell star, 111762.
Like I said.
No, don't forget shit.
And here's what they had to say.
Okay, that was yesterday.
And it did very well.
It was number four.
But let's move on.
Now you wrote down the eyes of March.
How about this piece of, I mean, this great song.
Tenth is.
The most I'm all right for deep.
Sailing shifts upon the sea.
I guess what they call their pet dog.
Toto?
Yeah.
I'd love the Earth and you.
Ten-ten, toast to Marmalade for tea.
What do you think?
I don't grab.
Have I ever heard that?
You never heard that?
I don't think so.
I might have to be inspired to play the whole thing.
That would sure kill like, how long?
I'll be ready for two minutes.
But I'm not gonna do that.
No, don't put that on there.
I never heard it before, either.
Ten-ten, my ass.
26 after 10 at 560 WQM.
Here's something a little more down to worth.
Tom Layman.
He's got at least one foot on a ground.
It's Halibs 2002 near Rogers.
Neal Deal blowout sale going on a Halibpontiac right now.
Add 13401 Souththixie highway.
That's in the same location you know.
They've always been over 35 years of making great deals for people
on US-1 right across from the falls.
Where the lowest sale price right as I speak is marked on the invoice.
All 2002 cars and trucks in stock.
You can choose from 1.9% financing or get you up to a $3,500 rebate.
And while you're at Halib, be sure and take a peek at the complete line of GMC SUVs.
Including the Envoy.
Voted by Motor Trend is the SUV of the year.
In fact, why do they also be sure and ass-tomelyman if he really has a Neal Rogers blowup doll?
Plus see the all-new vibe SUV.
Vibes got the power of a sports car at just a fraction of the price.
Halibs also got a stupendous selection of pre-owned cars, dependable pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs.
And if you've been turned down for credit, any place else in the world have no fear because Halib is here.
They'll get you deal worked out.
Even if George has to make the payments.
About time he makes some of these payments.
It's the 2002 Neal Rogers Neal deal blowout sale going on right now.
Oh, by the way, we got that thing in a mail.
Good.
And Halib Pontiac GMC.
And also got my chicken mail.
Thank you.
I'll tell you, Clarence is doing a hell of a job.
Clarence is doing one hell of a job, Duff.
I just mentioned that it's the 2002 Neal Rogers Neal deal blowout sale going on right now at Halib Pontiac GMC.
Which is just what I was starting to say before George interrupted me.
134-1 South-Tixi Highway on US-1 across from the falls open every day, seven days a week.
For more info, you can call the Neal Rogers Neal deal hotline at 1-888-534-4211.
That's 1-888-534-4211.
Halib Pontiac GMC we...
Jim Mendez.
Dumb dumb dumb dumb!
We dated 1 on Sports Radio 560-E-Q-A-M.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Once there was this kid at a little accident and had to run from school but we'd need
to find the kid back. His friends gave him a little name of Stinky George. He tried to make
it. The assembled multitude. You didn't think that was pretty good? I loved it. The overture from
Tommy. I didn't know that was a group though. I thought that was just them. The who? No. What do I know?
Not much. You're writing it down? Yes of course. Are you kidding me? Jesus Christ!
Awesome. That's called the theme overture from Tommy and then in parentheses a rock opera. Let's
get all the names right on here just just for one day. Just relax Aaron. Have another breakfast
burrito sweetheart. Just sit back and calm down. Have a little more pasta with some
mousse. Bolanesi sauce there. See I bet you are one of those people eats pizza for breakfast. He's
not particular about when he eats what you know what I mean. It drives me crazy when you say that.
Why? I think he's only had coffee at this point this morning. Get out of here. Every time you say
something like that he called the uptune. He was just 10 years after the Splenda in his
life. Did you ever change the world? Outstanding. You're going to be worse.
Very. Dixing fairies. Your game. Who did this? Ten years after.
Got it. I'd love to change the world. I'd love to change the world. Not to be confused. You know
the title of that makes you like confused with with this. I'd like to teach the world.
I'd like to hear the world of home. No not good. Excellent. The new singers which by the way they
unfortunately had other. No I guess luckily for us they had other hits so we don't have to put
that piece of crap on there because I I mean that was kind of like okay bubblegummy like you know
small commercial. The first 40 yeah right. I sure was sure I think I do have that. It's
it's not down here somewhere lost. Oh the tokens. No. You're on strike shot again. Well they're
original. Yeah. No. No. Not much. Hell yeah. He had other hits. He did. Yeah a lot at
the at least on the I don't have a. Yeah I don't have a yellow thing on it. It just happens to be
on the CD. Don't start playing butch boss now. And just because you're starting to get so
ornary I'm gonna play like I'm gonna play this just because you get an ornary
Because Hank likes
Thanks as he puts on a hobby showing vigor
Better better you than outside
Nice talk up
Talk to their teeth. You know I'm shame. Yes, daddy don't you walk away down that highway
This creature man
Here we go, let's go away
Have we ever done a pull about like I guess we have all the recording artists the ones that you hate the most we ever done that
I don't know did we do this I don't know but if if we have how come we Newton didn't win
Here's a song about some short flights to do or at least by group
Put that on there August 72 flashed called small beginnings
Remember that no no no how about I know you remember this and you disputed you said oh he had other hits well guess what
Our love got three city after allians man October 72
And what I'll be using a lot of other marginal stuff in no hits
Well, I know that house is restaurant is way too long to be hit to be quite on the radio except on a holiday right
But I just want to only sounds too much like Bob Dylan. I thought coming into Los Angeles was a hit now
I just say Los Angeles. Don't be arguing with my billboard book. I would have looked this up before I put my yellow dot on my CD here, okay?
So when I tell you it's the emiss man don't ask what's dot
Speaking of that Sean P did he comes might need a girl, but he swears. It's not J. Lo
You know, do you think that you might ever associate with anybody who's like heterosexual?
She seems to keep getting married to these
Faggot's all I mean the rap mobile was current hit as I need a girl has been mentioned in some reports
Is the cause of Jennifer Lopez's separation for her husband of eight months dancer Chris Judd?
Come's issued a statement Monday denying the rumors
Contrary to reports Mr. Combs and Ms. Lopez are not together
However, he wishes her well during this difficult time said his publicist Natalie Moore
Combs and Lopez had a high profile romance for two years if you believe that anybody buying it
No before breaking up on Valentine's Day in 2001. She married Judd one of her background dancers seven months later
At least Brittany ain't marrying those little twerps that shit background answers. She's got those fruit flies in other than her videos
Yeah, I mean while another rumor speaking of people who are always a rumor to be something that associated with J. Lo
Another rumor that Ben Affleck who recently went Gaga over J. Lo and the Hollywood trades had a hand of the break up
Has been quashed by the some of all fear stars camp
Camping the operative word
That'd be a pull I'd like I guess we've done that in the past but now since there seem to be so many of them
Celebrities stars that are rumored to be gay that you're just positive, you know, which one of you the most positive?
I mean she's just never associated with anybody straight J. Lo maybe that's the problem
Is there anybody who believes that she's no well there you go? I was my case of course
George is very emotional about that thinking about her and that big ass. No, I don't like her. Oh
That's right. I forgot she's reeking. I'm sorry. I forgot she's reeking. Have you noticed her face?
Grotesque. Yeah, yeah, I've noticed everything about her and all she's all she's got going is a big ass
That's it. I did notice that that Hispanic guy that she was dancing with in that one video
The one I was like almost stark naked there and you know that I'm talking about. No that's flamenco one
Oh, come on you never saw that video. I don't I don't know which one you're talking about. Oh
man. Oh, man
20 out what is it 19 to 11 at 560 somebody will know somebody who have a robber will tell you he'll explain to you
Of course, you don't see any videos anyway because you're in America. That's why it's probably
Thinking about painting your home or business. Don't paint protect your investment with liquid ceramic
liquid ceramic the technology board in NASA space program the good news is they're now available in South Florida
liquid ceramics the most advanced exterior interior and roof coating available in the universe
Now you two can have the same high-tech ceramic technology that shields the space shuttle
Protecting your home or building and you'll never ever have to paint again sounds too good to be true
But it's true liquid ceramic is guaranteed for as long as you own your home or building
So forget about repainting every few years liquid ceramic won't fade it won't peel. It's guaranteed man
This state they are coding yields in our 24 insulation equivalency that helps you bring down electric bills as well
liquid ceramics available in over 1800 different colors so no matter what color your
Hallmar building is they can match it perfectly check out liquid ceramic today call 305
347
51 22
liquid ceramics been manufactured and sold for over 40 years and like I said the great news is now it's available right here in South Florida
Call 305
347
51 22 that's
347
51 22 be sure and tell Uncle Neil pointed to call or visit their website if you like add liquid ceramic
Explain
Oh
God
What
What a what a
You're one guess
Wow
They were the unsung heroes of the Second World War they developed a code that the Nazis couldn't break
They were the breaking wind talkers so what made you join the marine soldier?
I want to serve my country sir and
What's up being real for lunch
Breaking wind talkers a new John Wu Wu film they fought hard
They fought brave and when they sent important messages they opened a window
If this is going to be a long transmission you guys need to crack our window or light a match or something
Yeah, they're unique skill and courage may have shortened the war by the Sixth March
They were the breaking wind talkers. Are you sending important message to Private?
I was just uh cleared my throat
1047 at 560 W. Cream. We got the mad dog at one. We got Hank. Uh, no, we know no Hank
Am I on the right day? Oh, that's right. We got a day game today Marlon deck at 130 so mad dog is coming in for a half an hour
That seems ridiculous to me, you know what
Yeah, see if Claris would have inspired he would have asked me
Hey, you want to do an extra half hour and then mad dog can have the day off when I've been smart? I've said
Huh you would have said yes
Why did he hold on oh just based on precedent
What are you talking about I've done extra stuff. Well, I don't know what you're talking about not gladly
Not like all happily you are you're just such a little prick man. It's unbelievable. Sure I have
all right
Not gladly and in fact, it's time I was a volunteer and I guess it's probably too late
Probably but anyways, I can have Robert run right out there. No, nobody comes in for a half an hour
I mean just the driving alone. Where the hell does he live? He lives in date County, don't I? Don't know
Not if he's smart. I know little dog lives in plantation. I don't know where manage looks
But anyway, just to come in there the driving alone to be more than a half hour to do on the air
It makes no sense to me Marlon's on deck at 130 to Marlon's at Kansas City where they got shot out of five zip last night at
205 Hankel beyond after the baseball
He also should have a fairly short show till seven o'clock the big
Land of Al's degree at seven eddie K after him and then july mark overnight to the six
So that's the schedule and the fact that manage has to come in for a four hour pains me greatly
He oughta phone it in yeah, you can just play one hit wonders for a half hour
I could just play music for half hour and a guarantee and of course leading up to the marlins get a bigger number than the marlins right you bet
Make no mistake about that. Oh, guess what I did for a dead
Oh, because I'm such a nice guy
President such a good node because the sun will shine sometime today here in Toronto soon or later
And it's gonna get to 75
Joey Scarbury what now what is the history?
I
Don't know his story I can get one up
You should have been so funny the one that I made up about four famous cavalry capital already years for
Well guess what Joey Scarbury was born six seven fifty five and Ontario, California
How do you like that? I didn't know there was one
Theme from the greatest American hero you didn't know there was what Ontario, California right?
There's a very famous airport there. I have in fact. I have a flown
Good song 18 weeks on a charge in 81 and reach number two for two weeks
In 14 because you had to play too much on here when he's like a disdirty
Now big Arnie who's a chronic faxer and usually a fairly astute guy. I'm kind of a Yahoo
He says yesterday was the worst bunch of songs I ever heard in my life. Can you believe that?
And he says today today is just as bad
What a hardass what a Schmidt head, you know
However my old time most hated song in the history of the world is not a one-hit wonder
It's that unbelievable song by Paul Anke having my baby now you're starting to redeem yourself Arnie
He says oh man the lyrics the seed inside you. I feel a growing man in the baby through the song makes me puke
We're gonna have you find that this is a parody so I see you thank God
Well, why didn't we play it? Oh, I didn't know you wanted to it. What's it called? I'll play another baby
Oh, I did not want to play that that's that self-serving. That's a George bit. Yeah, that's a book of Brian Jordan
Also, here's the facts from somebody like one out of four ain't bad
Um, arrested development in Tennessee. Well, then none out of four because the rest of development had a bunch of hits
Did you know that? Yes
People every day mr. Windle and Tennessee but all three of which were top 10 so uh guess what
And they's also got blister in the sun from the violent fames
They had a lot of good songs, but I think that was their only hit that well it wasn't the top 40 hits
It wasn't up 40 in wow. How you like any comeosy?
Hot stepper hot stepper also didn't make it
He he he from I'm crazy
Well, I think you are crazy because so thank you very much for your
I bet you big Arnie being pressed with that list
Here's one that says and another one that's wrong. Oh, this is from rich pacter. I recognize that the little R on the bottom
It says back in 67 it was a singer by the name of Wayne Cochran
As and why is he telling me this wing was on my show? He had wasn't he real tight with Rick and suds? I don't know
Or with Reneerie with somebody on i.o. D. He was real tight. He was on all the time anyway. He was on my show. I know Wayne
Oh, maybe with Craig Worthing he was really tight
So to speak anyway Wayne Cochran we had one hit um a one hit wonder called get down with it now
He's a preacher on tbn with um Paul and Jan Crotch right twitch pacter well, I guess what get down with it didn't make it wasn't a hit
Not in a book
So we got a lot of people who are like speculating lots of wild stuff here, but they're coming up with stuff that just uh
Didn't make it now let's see where we leave off on the list
See and I'm missing out on all the other good stuff. I got to get to the OJ story
But we still got a couple hours to go maybe two and a half hours. What do you say about that mandates thing?
What about it? No, I really serious if they would have asked me see they were afraid to ask me right
I would have been I'd been delighted to do it not now if it was like some other people
I would have said no if it wasn't like Zagaki I'd have said you can me
But for mad dog I would certainly do the half hour
Especially if he keeps bringing me naked pictures of Tom Brady
Well, maybe he's listening maybe he'll call in
Yeah, call in on a bat line. Okay mad dog and let him know I'd be delighted to do one to one thirty four
Although he's probably got some spots, but they could play his spots on the on a tape right?
Don't you think of course they can in fact
We know they must have a month tape because Joe Rose did the show on Monday
So they must have the mad dog if he's got any spots and by the way speaking that how come on a morning show Robert
How come guilty this all the live spots?
He's
Howard's got a couple but most of the ones I hear are guilty
Yes, that is true
Just calm down Robert you're leaving in August anyway. Okay. Don't get all paranoid and psychotic
He just wants a good resume. You know, it wants a good recommendation
So we left off a dead-eyed dick and new age girl
And when Collins a girl like you wait did we write that down? No, of course not good. We didn't write no dead-eyed dick
Edwin Collins a girl like you I don't know deep blue something breakfast at Tiffany's
Don't know that one red next. That's with an ex-cotton i Joe oh
God
I don't want to hear oh god either yes or no. Yeah, you're okay. No, okay. No. Okay. He said no
Joan Osborne one of us
Yeah, okay there you go. We played that okay. Joan Osborne one of us the original and the parody there's one
Well, what's the parody what if God smoke cannabis?
Really are you are you a smell in me right?
What if God smoke cannabis is a uh see because we have a lot of purities which I don't even know the guy didn't real song
One of us by Joan Osborne probably pump it out of his cabin right now
I'll stay in the kitchen
God
And took a hit then would he act like teaching charm
And get the munchies and make brownies filled with hair all right and would he share it with Jesus and the saints
Those pies
Yeah
Yeah
Hot is great. Yeah, yeah
Hot is good. Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, what if God smoke cannabis
Smoking pot like one of us oh god
Getting high on the back of the bus just getting lost just getting storm
On a greyhound bus too long
To get some bad at kin home road
A couple time back to take home
Uh
Oh
See the head to get the bags to go because they don't have motorcycle delivery service where they are oh
Unfortunately 1056 at 560 wqm. There's another lesson for I never knew that about one of us in Joan Osborne
Man this is like a very educational day on this show here's something else you ought to know about probably already do know
I would think father's days just about here. That's right make dad feel special by getting him a comfortable new pair of athletic shoes from our good close
Personal friends at new balance stores with three sensational occasions for you in South Florida you'll find new balance in pine crest
They're in aventura and also in bokeh where they got fantastic prices for the whole family on the world's best
Athletic shoes and right now until father's day by any new balance you and get a free
Cushing support insolets a regular $30 value, but it's yours for free now through father's day
I love the new balance shoes that I'm wearing. I'm not I see I keep saying that every day
I'm not wearing them right now. I'm sitting here barefoot. I'm barefoot and like Robert Parker. How about that one
Want me to write it down? I'll have to look it up during the bird's just don't get the nervous. Okay. Give me a chance
I love new balance shoes and they're the best in the world for walking around you don't fall on your ass like some of us did a couple of years ago
Loafers I was wearing and they're great for wherever you're gonna be walking too
So if you need shoes get them now at new balance stores with the staff knows footwear in your feet like nobody else
They know what they look like like they what they feel like and probably what they smell like too
And they still measure in the old fashioned way the width and length and the whole deal too to make sure the bottom line is
They give you a perfect fit each and every time new balance stores in my knees pine crest
I'm the second floor of the aventura mall and in bokeh in the town center or check them out on their website if you like new balance
Mimee dot com don't forget until father's day by any new balance shoe and get a free cushion support in soul
Be sure to tell me you'll send you in but hurry because this offer expires
In that siren
The songs about my education gripes a sleep all day and my home room vites one time I woke up and started taking tests and then I think I took an
SAT and that's about the time I said enough for me my GPA was somewhere near point three
Learn all I want to watch a TV shows what the hell are SATs my friends say I should hear my grades
What's my grades again? What's my grades again?
Then later on on the bus home my teacher called
From her cell phone she told my parents all she said I thought I'd feel I knew that this was gibberish for me
And that's the point my mom and dad just loved me. I said what teachers said just good not me
It suddenly a thought it comes to me. I'm gonna get those A's and B's by hacking their computer see
What's my grades again? What's my grades again?
level 0205 60 wqm I tell you one thing about the LAPD they may not be good but at least they're consistent
latest scandal now LAPD let a crime novelist go on interviews in the blade case and so it looks like maybe they botched the whole case
Oh, no, oh yeah
Oh, man, do you think it can't be anybody out there of anything? No, I don't think so
And they got a real problem out there the LAPD
Oh
Here's a little thing about the Norman not Norman Bates, but Norman Greenbaum
Although Norman's no longer involved in farm adventures. He still lives in northern California
devoting his energy and developing spirit in the sky the website
That's right spirit in
Hey, what you laughing about like you don't laugh a lot of mileage out of one hit spirit in the sky calm
He's also gathering and enhancing previously unreleased material along with working on a set of new songs for future projects
Maybe like in a future lifetime I guess
Because what was the year on that
60 seven you're written the sky sixty-eighth was uh 70 not only 32 years ago. He's got plenty of time
So Roman Greenbaum the good news is he's still working on it now speak of the LAPD
This is in the globe this week not the Boston Globe or not the Globe and Mail but the uh and the uh
tabloid the Globe
Angry OJ Simpson launched a furious attack on his murdered wife sister and sources say that Denise Brown is now terrified
She'll become the victim like a victim like Nicole. How do you like that?
That wouldn't be bad for anyway. I don't like her either nobody does
The disgraced athlete blasted her with such vehement that Denise an advocate for battered women feared for a safety say in
Ciders
According to a source the juices scared sister-in-law wander family that OJ was out to get me just like he did Nicole
But to find Denise put on a brave face by telling Globe that she'll never back down from Simpson
Let him come after me. She said in an exclusive interview
He doesn't scare me. He never has come on Simpson. Give me your best shot. She says how do you like that?
You got a good choice awards honey
OJ went ballistic after Denise said in a newspaper interview that he should be investigated for illegal drug use
She claims that files from a secret FBI probe into an international drug ring may prove that he's violated the terms for keeping custody of his children
Sydney 16 and Justin 13
If the court in Orange County, California which awarded him custody of the kids decides to look at the evidence
Which contains allegations that Simpson took part in cocaine vinges and allowed unsavory characters into his home
It is possible that a judge could overturn the decision and return the children to their grandparents
Lu and Judith are brown say the sources they be saying
The prospect of losing his kids all over again turned 54-year-old Simpson into a raving madman say pals
That woman's life is worthless. He railed about Denise
44 let me say it again that woman's life is worthless. OJ railed about Denise 44
She lived in the shadow of her sister and she's too stupid to ever step out of it
Denise hates me, but I'll make her pay he allegedly said how do you like that?
Hmm
Friendsay Simpson was furious with Denise because he believes his children are the shining lights of his life
Of his otherwise scumbag life
He told one pal despite everything they've been through their great kids and I'm proud of them
They're both honor students and Justin's just been named his honor athlete of the year
That's an a classy private school with high standards
The source confides that Simpson says Denise has more problems than he has and more do not to make them an issue or she'd regret it
Adding I know she hates me, but my kids are off limits
According to sources OJ claims that he was told by Sydney and Justin that Denise had major problems
After they spend an Easter vacation with the brown family at their Dana point, California home
But Denise's father Lou Brown 78 defended his daughter telling a pal she has no problems
She's a good person and what's more she loves OJ's kids. No, sorry. Everybody's got pals
Pallies and everybody's palies talk a lot especially with the tabloids
However, the source word Simpson ranting says I've never heard him so angry. He was as livid with Denise
I thought he was gonna explode
One source who knows both Simpson and Denise tells the globe
I can't believe the way he's behaving toward her
I thought he got away with murder. He should leave it at that now that OJ is living in Florida the biggest thing in Denise's favors
The distance between them. She should keep as far away from him as possible
The reports of Simpson's fury quickly reached the sister of his dead wife and she shuddered at the danger
Although Simpson was cleared in 1995 of killing Nicole and Ron Goldman on June 12, 94
He was later found liable for their brutal deaths by civil jury as we all know too well
It's the second time that the x-football player sent shivers down Denise's spine with his threats say sources
The first menacing words came at Simpson's welcome home party just hours after his acquittal
And shocked even his own supporters reveals the cause lesbian lover
Fay Resnick in her book shattered in the eye of the storm
Nicole's lesbian lover that's what face said
The 43-year-old author who had a brief gay affair with Nicole shortly before her murder and played a major part in the police investigation
Wrote that as he celebrated his freedom Simpson declared there are two people
I'd like to kill Denise Brown and Fay Resnick then he drew his fingers across his throat
What a classy guy he is you know
What
His anger was directed at Denise because she gave evidence in the criminal trial about Simpson's violent behavior
tearfully she recounted before the jury that eventually uh what is it she recounted before the jury that eventually acquitted Simpson
How he threw the Nicole against the wall and then tossed her out of their home
She also testified that he grabbed her crotch in public and called her a fat pig when she was pregnant
See now we're starting to side with him a little bit more
Yeah, lobe reported in 1996 that Simpson had frequently sworn to get even with Denise saying
I'll never forgive her and Fay Resnick they can go to hell after all I did for her she turned against me
I picked up her tab for years
I paid for her drugs her clothes and I said it to acting classes
She was jealous of Nicole. It was always coming on to me when her sister's back was turned
She wanted me to bet her but I didn't she's just white trash
Now the enmity between Simpson and Denise is in overdrive the new upper exploded after Denise
Grant an interview to the Toledo blade which reported in its exclusive story
She wants the court to decide whether the former football grade violated his custody agreement
The Cole's big sister was quoted as saying what really scares me is the court should be reading these reports and they aren't
The story went on Ms Brown who travels the country giving speeches on domestic violence issues
Told the blade last week that federal agents in Miami should turn over their files to the Orange County
California family court that still has jurisdiction in the custody case
It said the files gathered by the FBI to an investigation into an international rug uh
Ring a smuggling the drug ecstasy contained drug dealer statements surveillance reports and wiretap transcripts
Among the allegations are that Simpson allowed a drug dealer Andrew Anderson to stay in his guesthouse and babysit Sydney and Justin
The blades has Anderson 33 drove the children to and from school at the same time
He was involved in narcotic steals
He's pleaded guilty to selling ecstasy Simpson is denied being involved in any way with drugs of criminal activity
Ha ha ha
After raid on his house in Kendall by investigators
No charges were level, but it was later reported that he'd been tipped off at a time
Simpson's attorney Yale Galand her tells the globe that after Denise's comments were printed
He called her in her parents and she denied giving any interview to the plea to blade
He added OJ says as much as Denise hates me she would never say this
For all the tension between them. They're strong in their understanding that they'll not involve the children and new disputes
OJ and the Browns are happy with the current custody situation and don't want to uh
Tarnish in any way said Galandor
Despite Galanders claims that he tells the globe that she did give the interview and ads
My first concern is for those kids my sister's children
If there are drugs being used in Simpson's home the court with jurisdiction over the children should be made aware of that
uh
Now coined a friend Simpson wants to slow down his life and concentrate on Sydney and Justin
OJ lives every day knowing that he's lucky to be allowed to have them says the pal
That's why he gets so angry when somebody like Denise threatens that
How do you like that huh?
I like it and that if that isn't good enough Nancy Sinatra cyber sex shocker
Oi
She's exchanging racy talkwood strangers in chat rooms. There's one for you
These boots are me walking Nancy Sinatra walk away with them. Please yeah
Her and her father too dig him up for a while. Let's see if he can walk away
You know something I better look that up she had some other marginal piece of crap and then she did I think that was the only
Then what's the name of that song that that Brit assorted
Could you never that down when the cold kid me you know brow or Robbie would oh
We have that here somewhere. Why?
Then you go and ruin it by saying something stupid like that stupid. That's what it's called something stupid
Oh, yeah, she had how does that grab you darlin a sugar town
And a whole bunch of other crap mostly with the Lee Hazelwood and with Frank swanky Frankie
So she don't qualify thank God, but
former pops the queen Nancy Sinatra has been going online and engaging in steamy sex talk with total strangers
The 62-year-old singer of the hit tune these boots were made for walking is typing her flirty come on cement
Visiting the chat room on www.SanatraFamily.com her family's famous website and the stuff he writes is red hot and definitely not for kids
In one message. She says I think I could find something very interesting in Freddy's pants pocket
Why don't you just come on over here Freddy? You're never too old to have a little um fun
Besides I'll bet your lips still work pucker up baby later on she adds oh Freddy every time I look at your picture
I'm more convinced we should get together maybe a cruise would do it
We wouldn't even have to leave our state room if he didn't want to we could have all our meals in bed
Freddy honey. I'll meet you anywhere you say because I love how you make me laugh
I gave up sex for lent, but for you I'd give up giving up sex
In another message he describes her in detail her new 1995 photo shoot for playboy and makes a suggest to remark about a hot dog
I bet you Clara I bet you Clara Peler be a pleased
Nancy shocking cyber sex antics has her family
Carried that the sizzling message messages will attract a sicko stalker who could hurt even kill the songbird inside his reveal
We can only I don't want to say that that would be bad
You can only pray oh god is that stupid or what?
stupid god
The dangers of one of the men start to believe if one of the men start to believe they have a personal relationship with her and show up at her homes as a pal
Her younger sister Tina 53 is especially worried
She keeps shouting in Nancy that one of these guys she meets could be a serial killer
Tina also feels Nancy who's been single since her husband Hugh Lambert out of cancer in 85 is dragging the synoption name to the mud notes to pay
They got pals to this synoptus which is kind of surprising
12 minutes after 11 at 560 WQM will be here to 130 today
Just a joke. I'm sure they did not call nobody's taking me up on that offer try to be an ice guy
Try to crack that image of being a real hard-ass prick, but you know that's way it goes
I made him an offer he could refuse I guess would you come into do a half hour?
Would I? I mean like if you were in the mad dog shoes if you wanted those
I was a hot shot with like a real contract or something. I was sure as I would ask for the option. I'd laugh in their push
Here's a simple question for if somebody offered to give you several thousand dollars over the next few years
Just hand it over to you. Would you take it when you say hey hand it over? Yes, you would it'd be stupid not to do it
Which makes it really foolish to pass up a chance to refinance or buy a home at only 3.95 percent
Here's the way it works. There's a phanymate program waiting for you 3.95 percent for both refinancing and purchasing of homes
Just 3.95 percent and all you have to do is make one easy phone call to financial group and they'll explain it to you
Call 1 800 9 4 0 53 63
That's 1 800 9 4 0 53 63 to be more specific
You can get a hundred grand with payments of only 475 bucks a month or get 200 grand with payments in 950 dollars a month
You'll save yourself thousands and thousands of dollars
So be really downright foolish to pass up a chance like that do the math and do the smart thing the next logical thing
Get the details by calling financial group at 1 800 9 4 0 land. That's 1 800 9 4 0 53 63
There were an equal housing lender credit restrictions do apply like I always tell you rates are subject to change if you wait
Mike Lowell for all star in 2002
Thank for by the Lowell campaign in 2002 Fox Sports that N5 60 Q a.m
Well, that's the rejoin
That was the freaking rejoin like vagina really gets my panties and a lot
Okay
Talk to how I'm gonna be too
Oh
That night
When she turned up all the light Jesus Christ
Oh
Oh
Kill her
The jury's got
Yeah
Oh
We know we could have had your way. Oh, yeah
Oh, she's gonna get ya
Huh?
It's true
Oh, yeah, you're gonna call that for you
Stupid
And then who get away with that want to
Oh, yeah
Oh, she's gonna get ya
Oh, she's gonna get you
Oh, she's gonna get you
Oh, she's gonna get you
Oh, right
Oh, she's gonna get you
One night
Okay, okay, okay
You killed the cold
You killed the cold
Okay, okay, okay
You killed the cold
You killed the cold
I killed the cold
I killed the cold
I killed the cold
Oh, yeah
Oh, she's gonna get you
Oh, she's gonna get you
Oh, she's gonna get you
Tonight
1120 at 560 WDQAM
So here's a fact from David who was doing real well
So that's the last line there
David who faxed us this at the end he says
If you're not gonna take calls, why not accept email?
No, no
No
Now see you were able to fax this to us, David
And it's a very good fax, he's got three for three which will put all three of these on the list
Did you look at this? Yes I did
That's a very good list
And I looked them all up and he's absolutely correct
But emails is, you know, if we start taking emails, all you get is like a pile of crap
And I just don't, none of us associated with this program wants to take the time
To go through 85,000 crank crap to find something that might be adventurous
Especially when you can fax it to us
Just like this fax, I'm holding it in my hand right now
That magically appeared
How many times have we pointed out that if you can generate emails
You can also generate if you have a computer you can generate a fax, 100
Yeah, we've told you that about 400 times just today
Anyway, God, David's got a good list though here
Kung Fu fighting by Carl Douglas, which is correct, got it? Got it
Did you write these all down? I am now
Chamba Wamba
No thanks, I'm trying to cut down
Top thumping
And white said Fred and I'm too sexy
Good list there David, excellent job and by the way, take your emails and sorry
Alright, now getting back to this because we're never going to get this done
I like to get this done by noon and so Eric has a chance to get it up
Before I asked to go out for brunch
Let's see, we left off at Tripping Daisy and I got a girl which is right after Joan Osborne and one of us
Are we putting Tripping Daisy on there?
You know what? Yeah, I know it, I like it
Okay, well put it on there then
I'm leaving it in your hand in competent hands
I mean, you know, use a little bit of judgment, don't be stupid
Andrew, a skillo and I wish
Skillo? Never heard of it
I wonder if she's kind of J-Lo
I remember that one
Was it good? Not really
Okay, Andrew Donalds and Miss Hale
M-I-S-H-A-L-E now, there could be Miss Hale but I don't think Miss Hale, that's like inhale
Or outhale or Nathan Hale
We don't know what that is
Mokin's step, he's mine
Never heard of it
Mad season, River of the Seed
Nope, Dion Ferris, I know
Nope
I wonder if that's the same I know as Barbara George did, remember Barbara George?
I know, in fact wouldn't that be a good one?
Want me to write that out?
Barbara George?
I don't know from it
You don't know Barbara George?
Oh my god, there's something very, very wrong
No, no, it's George
God, George
Yeah, in fact that's what
There's another one for the list right there, I wish I had it right here I played
You recognize it?
I know, you know, love me no more
It's on, whatever it was, 1961
So I'm writing this down?
Barbara George, that's with a G
And the name of the song is I Know
Is that the one I know?
I know something about love, it's a
No, is that that one?
No, that's not the one
I know, you don't love me no more, no more
I know something about love, that's a, what, who's did that?
Somebody else
Like the chiffons or the DD Sharpers
I know something about it
You see now I'm gonna have to look that up
God, you know something people think this is easy to do this
It's like wow, you know
Easy way to get through a show, I got news for you man
The motto work and slave in an effort in here is like astronomical
You believe me?
No
Well, let's see, I know you don't know
I know something about love
Is that the name of the song?
It could be
I know the one you're talking about, that's not I know by Barbara George
I know, I know, I know a heartache when I see one
Jennifer Warren's, I knew you win
Well, look at that, Billy Joe Royal, Donnie Osman and Linda Ronsett
All did, I knew you win
But Billy Joe Royal did the original
I should have played a little more a cherry Hill park by Billy Joe Royal
Here's pretty good
What am I looking for?
I know something about love, but we don't really test the name of it
I know something
No
No
Can't find it
And everybody frosts my ass because there's definitely a name of it
Well, somebody will not
Okay, now where did we leave off here?
This is getting me confused
I think it's called talent, maybe
Talent?
Tell him
Oh, tell him
That's it, very good boy, you're redeemed yourself in a heartbeater
I was saying the song in my head until I got to the course
Tell him that you're always gonna
Tell him
Tell him by the exciders, I never would have remembered that in a long time
In fact, you know something I think that was on a Laurie Records
Can I look that up?
Can I take just a moment just to prove how smart I am to myself?
Even though I didn't know the answer, so I'm not quite as smart as I thought I guess
The exciders, there's the Everly Brothers, the exciders, telling...
Tell him some looking up music
Rock and roll group, Robert and blues vocal group from Jamaica
Rock and roll group
What was that?
Nina
Rock and roll
When you cut that crap, I'm trying to pass some very important information on here
Goddamn it, from Jamaica, Jamaica, New York that is
Long Island
Herb Rooney is wife Brenda Reed, Carol Johnson and Louis and Walker, the exciders
Tell him and it was on the United Artist Records, it went on Laurie Records George
What are you talking about?
Show off
Okay, how about...
That's the end of that page, I guess, for this is...
We got a half an hour here and we got to get today's list going
Now how many we got on there, we'd say about 30?
At least about one page and a half
No, one page and a half doesn't tell me
You could have written them like in gigantic rock letters
You could have written them in teeny tiny writing like that
It's regular...
Final facts or Jerry, whatever his name is today
It's on a regular size legal pad here, see?
Oh yeah!
That looks like just about enough
Yesterday we put a page and a half on there just so that you can...
So now that you think we have enough for today
We certainly have enough for today
Because I got plenty of stuff here that I got to get to before the end of the show today
Especially if we're going to 130, are we going to 130?
No
You know something I would draw that offer
You know how they see on TV?
This is a limited time offer?
I would draw the offer?
Too late!
So if clearance comes breathlessy, running in and saying
Oh, will Neil really do that extra half hour?
Say no!
No, he changes mine
It was a stupid idea anyway, you know what?
It was really stupid, yeah
I mean, you know if Mad Dog wants to come all the way in there and be a superstar for half an hour
I'm just trying to give him like a day off, which I think would be nice
He could go out to like Treasure Island
Have a little bit of a horizontal refreshment over there or something or whatever
Whatever he wants to do in his spare time
Go over to Dolphin Camp?
Is there a Dolphin Camp right now? I don't think so, is there?
He must be asking you Robert
Here
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
You can be certified in that brand new money making career before the end of the summer fast train offers Microsoft certified instructors they've got four convenient locations all over soft photo before you include that new one in Kindle they've got job placement assistance day and evening classes too and for those individuals whose job was affected after 9-11 fast train is an operation paycheck training provider so call them right now and get all the details there's no obligation call 1-866 fast train or check them out of that worldwide web at fast train.com they can have you certified and ready for a new money making career like I said only
moments ago and as little as four months be sure when you call tell them that Todd direct-tort to make the call fast train at 1-866
I've got two sets of lips. Hey gang what's the best tasting thing this summer? Armor Big Hog! You got it in Armor Big Hog and you'll see those specially marked big hogs hanging out at your local grocer today.
What's one big hog you got there, Mr. Oh, thanks for noticing would you like a bite? Love to mind if a little mustard on your hog vs. Oh please help yourself.
I can barely fit this damn thing in my mouth. I know that's an armor big hog but don't just have a bite here. Take it all. That's good. It's a half a pound of meat right there buddy.
Everybody will crave the taste of an armor big hog this summer. You want this big hog hog you want it? Here you go.
That sizzling hot baby. Did he need the ketchup? This summer when it's sticking armor big hog right in your mouth and taste the difference for yourself.
Oh it's so big. Like I said, a clear peller would be proud. 1132 at 560 don't forget log on to wqm.com. Start playing the Toyota baseball tribute challenge. Weekly prizes include golf or four chulas. OJ will not be playing there that day. The grand prize is a trip for two in New York over Labor Day weekend to see the Marlins and the Metz. So log on and start playing with it at wqm.com.
I heard somebody mentioned about OJ crashing a golf tournament on Moe Show yesterday morning. I believe it was. And he mumbled something about yeah I heard something like that. You know. Of course no names were mentioned.
What do you say if you paint the ball play Bobby Blue from under 130 day? What a loop. Why not? Very good.
27 noon at 560 to I'm I'm I'm hurt. I'm wounded that we didn't get taken up on that offer. Aren't you wounded? No. I'm not either. I want to get out of here and go to lunch.
A woman who said she was molested 30 years ago as a first and second grader with St. Anthony's.
St. Anthony's Catholic school in Fort Lauderdale. Found a lawsuit yesterday seeking unspecified damages from the church and the Miami Arts diocese.
The man she's accusing Virgil M. Baume died in 1990 to age of 88. He moved from Fort Lauderdale to Leesburg in 1985. The 37 year old,
Howard woman who was not identified in the lawsuit said she didn't know if Baume was employed by the arts diocese which oversees the Fort Lauderdale church.
She thought Baume was a deacon, but an arts diocese spokeswoman said the deacon program didn't begin until 1979.
The woman said she saw the man a church every Sunday at church social events in the school yard nearly every morning.
Where she used to hang out with Paul Simon and Julio. In addition, he and his wife lived behind her parents how she said that's not our Julio by the way.
Can you imagine Paul Simon and our Julio back in the school yard? Why not?
Don't be picking on Julio, okay? His name's written all over town here and he was only here for like two or three days.
The woman said in a phone interview Tuesday that Baume fondled her, showed her pornographic black and white pictures, exposed himself to her,
and forced her to touch him beginning in 1970. She said the abuse occurred at school and at her home and didn't stop until her father got transferred and moved the family.
She said she called Baume the man at the back fence because he would call her and her younger brother to the fence when they were playing or swimming in the backyard.
He would expose himself and then give them candy and tell them they would get in trouble if they told anyone.
Baume's son Joseph Baume, 68 defend his father when he reached when he was reached at home in Greer, South Carolina.
He said his family had bushes in the backyard that would have made it difficult even to get to the fence.
We had a thick hedge back there. He said it was six feet tall, three feet thick. I trimmed that thing for ten years and a hedge too.
Joseph Baume said his father was a loyal church coerant and usher but didn't remember him being involved with the school.
He might have smiled at the girl or waived at her. He was nice to everybody. He had a salesman's personality. He liked to tell stories and all that but didn't molest children.
I guess her object is to go after the deep pockets, go after the church. How can she sue the church for stuff that happened like...
You know what I'm saying with a dead guy?
I don't know.
How do you prove that? I guess we'll have to dig him up. Well see if he does have a thick bush.
He can't deny it.
Here's more bad radio news by the way it's just to get worse and worse and worse.
Spanish language media giant, univision communications is expected to announce as early as today that it is expanding its empire with a three and a half billion dollar acquisition of his Spanish broadcasting corp, the nation's largest Spanish language radio company sources posted in negotiations said yesterday.
It would be the biggest merger in the history of US Spanish language media outstripping NBC's recent 2.7 billion dollar acquisition of highly a base telephone communications group which owns the second largest Spanish language TV network in the US.
The deal represents the first four-ray into radio for univision which now has interest in Spanish language broadcast and cable TV, the internet and Latin music as well.
Sources say the merger will strengthen univision positions as the top Spanish language media brand in the US and will allow it to cross promote its musical artist on air talent and programming on its widening array of media outlets as well as offer one stop shopping to advertisers who want to reach the growing Hispanic market.
With his Spanish numbers now approaching 40 million more than 13% of the US population media companies in truth in the market is intensified.
It will be a stock for stock deal sources set with 0.85 share of univision stock exchange for each share of HBC and its subject to both regulatory and shareholder approval.
Sources say Hispanic broadcasting's two largest shareholders, the Tick-Nor family and chief channel communications have agreed to vote in favor of the acquisition as has age-year-old parent, parent,
and chief executive officer of univision and its controlling shareholder. Both univision and HBC declined to come out of the prospective merger last night, although univision based in LA, the operation center for its three TV network is in Miami.
Univision's already got the top rated broadcast Spanish language network univision, a new broadcast network telefutura, the top cable channel, GalaVision, the most popular internet, what is it?
portal univision.com, the largest station group with 50 stations and the number one Latin recording label, FonoVisa, under the Univision Music Group on Brella and the US market.
The deal brings it to a radio, brings it to make any sense. The deal brings it to a radio powerhouse with 55 Spanish language radio stations in 14 of the top 20 Hispanic markets.
By the way, this is in the Harold, that's why there's like hard to read stuff in here, Miss Prince, including four Miami stations, a radio Mambe, W-A-Q-I-A-M-710, or that 790 like Tom Jica thinks, versus the other way around.
WQB-A-A-M-1140, radio ritmo, W-R-T-O-F-M-98.3, and radio-amore W-A-M-R-F-M-107.5, and a network of community focused bilingual websites, HBC owns more than half the top 25 rated Spanish language radio stations in the country.
The combination means, for example, that in L.A., the nation's largest Hispanic market, Univision would have two TV stations, four FM radio stations, and one AM station.
The pending deal comes at a time when some members of the TV industry are expressing concern about the impact of media consolidation on programming quality and diversity, as if we don't know the answer to that, right?
Earlier this month, the caucus for television producers, writers, and directors, send lettered FCC Chairman Michael K. Powell, saying that while the new technologies increased the number of radio and TV channels available, there's also been an alarming increased number of corporate entities which own and control these systems.
HBC would become Univision's radio division, sources said the radio company would remain in Dallas, top managers would remain, and McKenry-Titian or Junior, the Chairman President and CEO of Hispanic Broadcasting, would have the new Univision Radio Unit.
In recent months, Univision has been solidifying its features, the dominant Spanish language media company in the U.S., in December they reached an agreement with Mexico's Group of Televisa, and then a Swayla's Venovision that brought it to television's Los Angeles-based music recording business, Bono Visa, and also gave it the exclusive U.S. TV rights for our program of produced by Televisa and Venovision through 2017.
How do you like that? It just keeps getting bigger and bigger and less and less competition, and just a handful of companies own all the goddamn radio and TV.
English, speak, whatever, whatever, you name it, and they own it.
And we've already seen, we've already seen on the English language side the tremendous, yeah, the tremendous benefits for those of us who work in a business, and for you people, the audience out there too, it's a disaster.
But don't confuse the FCC with that, because they don't give a crap. As long as we don't say those words, they couldn't care less.
20 till noon at 5.60, oh, look at that, speaking of crap, the markets, say every day it starts up a little with green arrows, and then by this time it starts like, and not yesterday, it was up quite a while, did you know what that?
Yeah, and then by the end of the day, it took a gigantic dump, and the Anastak is 1488.
1488, I think pretty soon you can buy palm for like about 2 cents. In fact, what's the one that's 18 cents?
What's the one what? There's one stock on it, one biggie, that's on a verge of going out of business, I forget which one it is, it's 18 cents.
So just imagine for like 50 bucks, you can go above a lot of that crap, you could own the company.
Just right before they go belly up.
Hey, summertime's here already, it's 193 degrees, if you stick your finger out the window, then you want to pull it right back in real fast because it's smoldering out there.
Well, olio met is a product that'll make you feel your best and keep you in good health no matter how hot and you might suffer to get in June and July and August and it just goes on forever.
Olio met is a soft gel capsule that contains all kinds of good stuff for you, including pharmaceutical, or a lot of war along with vitamins and minerals and herbals,
while promoting health for all different parts of your body, all different aspects of your health. They've got one product that'll help your prostate, one for your heart, your blood pressure, and your cholesterol.
Olio met also got supplements to promote health and your circulatory system, your digestive and endocrine system, your skin and bones, even your mind, all using the benefits of the best olive oil and money can buy.
Be sure and tell me that Brian Schmutz, by the way, sent you by for it. Our entire sales department is doing a tremendous job on a copy.
Let's salute them right now.
Oh, the QM sales department. They're really doing it.
And don't forget olio met's got products for men and ladies out there too.
Olio met's available right now at Walgreens Whole Food Market, St. Marl Pharmacy in Sennanos. If you want to get more information about what their product does and where you get it and where to stick it, just call them toll free.
1-866 olio med. That's 1-866 olio med where you can order their products on their website to at olio-
Just right.
Hey, Cobra! We take it free on sports radio 5.60. UAM.
And I'll put it stuck in here.
They want us to find a way.
Oh man!
They reimbursed for back pay from 200 years ago when they were slaves.
When I only have a mobile home, a pit full and a pinch of skull.
So if you want to ask me how here's what I gotta say.
You've got to kiss a nigga good morning.
You're telling them that you're sorry for it's labor among them.
Yes, a nigga good morning.
And that's where everybody who is dead and gone.
If I was born in 1802, old and slaves ain't something I'd do.
But when we're dead people dead do you.
I have to take the plane.
We'll just get old for an old money act.
With a can of smelly cherry in fact, it's dead of 40 acres and a new life.
A better way.
You've got to kiss a nigga good morning.
And put on how it fair and bargain frame up to.
Oh right!
Kiss a nigga good morning.
And that you're misdynidushin for a slave and few.
Kiss a nigga good morning.
And tell him that you're sorry for it's labor among them.
You've got to kiss a nigga good morning.
And that's where everybody who is dead and gone.
One moment please.
Well that facts game over just as here it says it's a very interesting story about OJ.
It supports my theory that this is part of an ongoing and intricate strategy
to cause a complete mental breakdown in Simpson in approximately two years on the 10th anniversary of Ron and Nicole's murder by OJ.
You know what we would say on that day?
OO!
Yeah, we'd have a party.
This will be followed by humiliating suicide or suicide attempt involving auto-erotic asphyxiation,
cocaine overdose and even another murder by OJ.
This time of a business associate mafia, which will of course bring about his swift death,
compliments of Koso Nostro or Russian mafia.
In any event OJ is being subtly and carefully pushed to the point where we'll have to take action against Ms. Brown.
And that is precisely the plan except that the entire scenario has been created and carefully worked out in order to destroy him mentally and finally physically.
Millions have been spent on this effort thanks to the 33 and a half million dollar lawsuit and many committed individuals are involved.
The only problem with that is that nobody ever got any of that money from that lawsuit, isn't that correct?
Ah, correct.
But that's a fascinating.
Speaking of that, speaking of suicide, that fact should must have been psychic.
You wonder why I got some of the story you're going to be very upset about.
Ahem.
Actor Christian Slater has revealed a dark secret.
Five years ago his drug and booze addictions drove him to attempt suicide.
Of course George is going to be upset because he failed.
Damn it.
Slater now 32 says he was so humiliated following his 1997 arrest of an LA condo for beating up friends and attacking cops during a wild alcohol, heroin and cocaine fueled rampage.
He tried to end it all by jumping off jumping off a balcony.
Luckily, luckily for him, not for George who hates him like poison.
Luckily friends pulled him back in time but that was just one of several times he tried to take his life.
My entire 20s were complete near Miss Confessor's the actor who can be seen in the upcoming World War II flick, Wind Talkers.
It's a miracle I survived any of it, it really is a total miracle.
But Slater now happily married dad obtuse whereas he's gotten his act together.
I'm not the guy assaulting people, I don't drink and drive.
He says I'm convinced I've discovered that I'm not really invincible.
So he tried and he gave it his best shot but unfortunately didn't get the job done.
And like I said, George is fired up and pissed off.
Got more on that hill, everything.
Remember that story the other day about her being drunk?
Got some lengthy stuff from the star on that right after this one though.
Istanbul, Turkey to go to show that the radio business isn't just screwed up in the US.
Saying he was a threat to public order, police dug up a Turkish radio DJ who was broadcasting live from a grave report said yesterday.
And if you think I'm going to add these names even closer, I could like to me.
Intumed in an aerated metal box, Yassar Anasi Kirtzu was planning a 24 hour special broadcast live from the grave on Sunday on local Izmir radio station radio hit Daily Hurried Yet reported.
But police halted the broadcast after 9 hours and insisted the DJB dug up saying his program represented an illegal demonstration and was a threat to his life and could disrupt public order.
I was getting fed up anyway, Kirtzu told police after he resurfaced.
But the young repentant DJ said he would try the stun again after getting the necessary permits from authorities.
He was getting fed up or dug up.
I'm going to get whatever official permission is required to die.
Then I'll do it again for 48 hours, Kirtzu said.
He was buried about a yard underground with metal tubes connected to the surface providing air.
While underground, Kirtzu experienced technical difficulties.
A lot of dead air.
And was only able to broadcast two five minute links by telephone, and hurried Yet reported.
I'm free of the cares of the world, he told listeners, but Kirtzu 40 later said the experience had forced him to reassess his life.
I kept thinking, thank God I'm only here as a joke, he said I'd be ready, I'd better be ready for when it happens for real.
Something for you to think about you, Turkey.
Speaking of people who got real problems.
You notice that the presidential kids, most of them just, they're all screwed up.
The bush daughters, those slots, the bush daughters that you're so got the hots for.
Jebs a daughter, his two sons.
Right.
Drunken Chelsea out of control is what it says.
As we reported the other day, but this is more a little more meat to this one.
Family and friends are going to get help.
Former first daughter, Chelsea Clinton had to be physically carried from a London nightclub.
After going on a night long drinking bitch and then blacking out as these shocking star photos show you see him.
I saw him.
I saw him.
Bill McGillian out here.
Woo!
Unbelievable.
Now her closest friends and her devoted parents built in the Hillary are worried sick that sweet young Chelsea who's just 22 is spinning out of control.
You know what, maybe somebody bought her a mirror.
Huh?
Oh, you ought to see this one picture.
She is stone out of her freaking mind.
Her eyes are like just glazed.
She got that like filumopay look on her puts.
What's more her frequent and excessive parting with fiancee and close while attending Oxford University in England is cast a cloud of uncertainty over the couple's upcoming winning.
Both building and Hillary are concerned that Chelsea might be displaying signs of a drinking problem as a friend of the former president.
As in I witnessed, Chelsea is showing very poor judgment getting sloshed to the point of passing out.
Chelsea's most recent out of excess began at the Met Bar, a top celebrity haunted central London on Tuesday, May 28th.
They're the flame-haired co-ed her love Ian Claus and several pals.
I'll see they got pals too.
Everybody heard pals.
Everybody's got palies.
Several pals heard it up rounds of champagne cocktails, martinis and vodka drink sources reveal.
After getting a good buzz on, the group stopped off her Thai food and nearby Soho district.
Then they spit off to the trendy embassy club around midnight.
Chelsea was already tipsy when she arrived, his waitress, Emily K. Ott.
She was pretty loose when she got here, she tells the star.
The couple along with their friends were quickly ushered into private VIP room, where Chelsea dressed in a sexy two-piece black evening ensemble,
plopped down on a deep black and white leather sofa next to a glass end table.
The group immediately ordered a tray of drinks, a potent mixture of wine, champagne and vodka, that acted like a love potion on Ian and Chelsea.
She and Ian were all over each other all night and as Chelsea got more drunk, she seemed to get more affectionate with him since then I witnessed.
Drink after drink was brought upstairs and Chelsea had at least six cocktails over the next three hours.
You call that a penis?
That's what she told him.
Or is that what he told her?
The secret service details they just outside the VIP room giving Chelsea and her bow their space, but every few minutes they'd peek in and make sure that all was well.
The agents became more concerned as time passes another club patron, especially when Chelsea started staggering back and forth to the ladies room.
She stumbled into the bathroom and emerged a few minutes later looking drunk.
Dazed and pale faced, I'm sure she was throwing up, he said.
Several times a confused Chelsea made her way in the club's courtroom, it was off the aunt's a Ian could do to keep her from falling down.
Well, maybe she has already filled up the bathroom, so I'll leave it all to pause it in the courtroom.
It became clear to everyone that they had to get Chelsea out before she drank anymore, unable to walk on her own two feet.
Ian and several other guys who may have been secret service agents threw a coat over Chelsea's head and carried her to the car at 3 a.m.
She immediately passed out and sunk forward on the seat, falling face-first into her boyfriend's lap.
Her friends had to pick up her legs and pull them into the car to get her in observers to the star.
Sources say Bill and his US Senator wife Hillary were upset and worried when they learned that their beloved daughter had passed out from drinking.
Well, if it's good enough for the bushes, why not for that bitch, huh?
Yeah.
They decided that Hillary should call Chelsea the next day and give her a good transatlantic talking to.
Hillary made sure she was calm and spoke to Chelsea like she was an adult's family friend, Philip Perry, but she was also firm when she urged her daughter to take control of this problem before it gets out of hand.
Sources tell star that Hillary also spoke to Chelsea secret service agents and asked them to step in if she does anything like this in the future.
Well, there you go.
Goes on and on a great length, with all kinds of pictures of her and her very ugly boyfriend. It's a match made in heaven, by the way.
Rotesque.
More on John Gotti.
You know, that was a really good piece we had yesterday.
That was a nice piece.
Kind of like a nice biography and brief.
A little bit sad, not that we feel bad for him, at least I don't.
Why not?
Because he was a gangster. He was a criminal.
What we like gangsters on his show, don't we?
I like gangsters.
I didn't like him.
John Gotti is heading for the gangster graveyard in Queens. That's a good news.
This isn't the Adali news today.
When the feds gave up his body to Gambino, Godfather will be flown to St. John's cemetery in Middle Village, where some of New York's most infamous mobsters are buried.
Salvatore Lucky Luciano, Vito Genevese, Carlo Gambino and Carmine Galante are permanent residents.
They're all taking their dirt and aft there.
So our Salvatore Maranzano, Joe Colombo and Wilfred Johnson, a mob rat who was gunned on after informing on Gotti.
Well, it's hard to believe a mob guy named Johnson, you know what?
Maybe that wasn't his real name.
Wilfred Johnson.
Gotti will be a bit removed from the other good fellows, dead fellows. He'll spend eternity in the family mausoleum, where his beloved son Frank is enturred.
Well, that's one I got run over by that guy that they had murdered.
Okay.
Gotti's son Peter was in, don't you remember that?
I do know.
That was in that story yesterday.
Gotti was, son Peter was in Springfield, Missouri, weighing to collect remains of his father who died Tuesday, date 61, after long battle with throat cancer.
But it was still not clear whether Gotti would get a Catholic funeral because of his notorious criminal career.
Family members are believed to be seeking permission from Brooklyn Bishop Thomas daily for a funeral mass.
The only thing that's finalized is the burial sister Jane Scanlon, like, see?
I'm getting chucked up just thinking about the funeral, poise and gals.
The only thing that's finalized is the burial sister Jane Scanlon, vice chancellor of the I.C. told the data in the museum yesterday.
As for the mass Scanlon said, I'm sure there are a number of factors, but I'm out of position to know what it is.
Ultimately, Bishop daily would have to make that decision.
Daily who was attending that conference of bishops and Dallas is under fire for mishandling the pre-sex scandal and is said to be caught between the demands of his religion and his desire to hold further controversy.
The church believes in redemption said Robert Blakey, a professor at University of Notre Dame Law School, as that Notre Flame and Amalbexpert, or whether or whether Gotti would receive a Catholic funeral.
If you go to confession, you can receive absolution and be buried in consecrated ground.
But, Blakey said, the church can deny a funeral mass of saying one would cause a public scandal, and notorious criminals could cause a scandal.
Not that it ever stopped them before.
And you want to know why?
Why?
Because they like that mob money.
Yeah.
1156-560-WQM, if you want to save money, I'll get in some new here.
Call my good buddy Charles Alfieur, at 1-800-321-2413.
Tell him that old Neil told you to call.
Because if you want to get the best looking piece in the university, Charlie's natural hairline system is waiting for you there.
They'll give you a free consultation, they will sit your ass down and show you just how much better and younger they can make you guys look.
So, if you've been saying goodbye to your hair for years now, if you have a growing bald spot that you're sick of, just replace it with some real great looking hair.
Not some messy looking piece, but the natural hairline system is so great looking, it looks like the hair's ruined right out of your scale.
So, pick up that phone and call today and get your hair back from the guy who really knows how to do it.
He's been doing it for over 25 years for guys now.
Now, Charles Alfieur, call him toll free at 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413 or log on to their website if...
9-43-57, call now.
3-10, traveler, midnight to 10 on sports radio 5-60, Q-A-M.
This is Howard David. When I take my fel-deen, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour, not George, because he's stupid.
Show the dark wrinkles on my face and said shots of Botox can't erase.
For FDA, they caught an unknowing, don't like him injecting a desert poison.
Jesus Christ.
He only adores to this treatment wand, he didn't tell me more, he put the sick's feet under, yeah.
He told me it can fix up my crow's feet, and tighten things over my cheeks, a little difference in oil level land.
He told me it's one of the sad best things by far.
I'm only risk and paralytic scars when you can take your Botox stock and find yourself another sucker out there.
The problem is that a lot of Americans and fat women are sick and Botox are sick and it's good for you.
Anyway, remember yesterday I had this story about the Jewish patrols, the armed patrols they want to have in Brooklyn?
Yes.
Police commissioner says New York doesn't need armed bands as citizens of protected neighborhoods, flatly rejecting a proposal by a Jewish group to begin patrols next week.
The department will not tolerate anyone brandishing weapons under the guise of protecting others, commissioner Rae Kelly said the other day, anyone attempting to patrol the streets armed with weapons will be arrested.
This is today's news day.
On Sunday, Rabbi Yakhav Lloyd, president of the right wing Jewish defense group, proposed armed patrols citing comments they suspected terrorists made on CBS's 60 minutes about targeting certain Jewish neighborhoods.
Any move in this direction is counterproductive Kelly said the tenor of this is wrong, we don't need this.
In other words, he don't like the tone of it.
Lloyd said the patrols would go ahead anyway and spread what he said.
What the police commissioner doesn't understand is that no matter what he says, those who have the legal right to carry firearms can carry firearms, he said, and they're going to do it because that's the Jewish military right wing a way of doing it.
How do you like them apples?
Look at that market man.
You got it.
See, I probably shouldn't be looking at those numbers because people that are still stuck in there and haven't gotten the subchinks in us.
Hey, well, look, I mean, don't you think I paid my dues? Don't you think I lost enough to like at least finally get something right? Maybe?
Wow. That was down 65.
The NASDAQ is, I don't want to say it.
Mind your own business.
Okay, I'm not in it.
This from CBS, the Senate yesterday dealt a major setback to a bill that would make violent attacks based on victim sexual orientation or disabilities, a federal hate crime refusing to limit debate on the measure.
Opponents of the legislation stands no chance of passing the houses now written.
The measure would add crimes motivated by gender, sexual orientation and disability, the list of offenses already covered under 1968 hate crimes law that prohibits attacks based on race, religion, or national origin.
The 54 to 43 vote derailed efforts to win a speedy vote on the legislation and send it to the house which has rejected it twice in recent years, while it takes only a simple majority to pass a bill, motions to end debate require 60 votes, backers of the bill fell 6 votes short.
Only four Republicans voted to limit debate.
Other Republicans said they refused to close off the debate because Democrats hadn't given them enough time to attempt to amend the bill.
The legislation would allow federal prosecutors to pursue his hate crimes cases and a solid upon a person or group because of sexual preferences or disabilities of state officials reject filing charges.
The Republican-controlled House will not take the bill as written by supporters and senator Orrin Snatch, Republican of Utah.
If you really want to do something about hate crimes, let's do it the right way and amend this bill so the House will be forced to take it said Snatch, who wanted to scale the bill back to ensure the federal government doesn't interfere with state prosecutions.
The bill supporters took it off the schedule before GOP senators could tack their amendments onto it.
This is just the beginning and we're going to continue this battle throughout the session, said Senator Ted Kennedy of Massachusetts, added Senator Gordon Smith, Republican of Oregon, we will be back, we'll find another bill and other vehicle.
The bill could be surfaced later this year as an amendment to the Defense Department Authorization Bill, the Senate has got 50 Democrats, 49 Republicans, one independent Senator James Jefferson for Mont.
Senate Majority Leader Tom Dachel swiftly pledged to bring the bill back to the Senate for by years and there is no argument that can be made that hate crimes can be left unattended, he be saying.
Republican vote counters that expressed confidence before the vote they could hold the bill supporter short of 60 votes but they said they were concerned about defections on later votes.
Senate Republican leader Trent Lot, the one with the pom-poms of Mr. Cippy, suggested the Senate should be working on terrorism prevention instead of hate crimes.
That's right and be sure to tell John Ascroft that too while you're at it Trent, nice pom-pom by the way sweetheart.
In fact that's going to be the opening of a new chain of stores right next to Toys R Us, homophobia R Us, going to be the Republican Noah.
Dallas Bishops meeting his critical says the a news day writer Richard Ann Osling, the religion writer for the Associated Press actually.
The scandals have accumulated steadily since 1984 but for America's Roman Catholic hierarchy and its lock of nearly 64 million clerical sex abuses finally become intolerable amid a flood of accusations, lawsuits and resident resignations this year.
Now US bishops must try to weas the crisis and regain their credibility of critical meeting and Dallas.
You know something we should be doing a show there tomorrow.
Okay, let's go.
Maybe we could have a special guest.
Yeah, he could be on by Friday night hundreds of US bishops hope to win two days of deliberations by showing a new national policy to reform the church's handling of abuse allegations.
Then they pray the storm that is raged around them for months will subside at last.
A top list of issues is zero tolerance for abusers specifically whether to allow priest to molested one minor in the past but no more than that to stay in the clergy under type restrictions.
And of course if they murdered one in the past, they can probably still stay in two, right?
I don't know.
Yeah, you get one chance.
Oh, that's right.
One murder, one armed robbery, one hijacking, you get a coupon like a drink ticket.
Right.
One free pass like get out of jail, you know.
For the integrity of the church leadership, this is the most important meeting they've ever had since JP Dolan, a University of Notre Flame historian who thinks that this is gathering far over shadows any other since the nation's bishops began meeting regularly in 1919.
Here are the blacksocks scandal by the way.
I think there's no no coincidence.
The world is watching the Catholic world and on Catholics as well says Bishop George Nearow or Salt Lake City, one of eight prelates on the ad hoc committee on sexual abuse.
He's not exaggerating.
There'll be roughly three media staffers for each bishop with 740 journalists granted credentials by a junifers cut off and 150 late comers turned away a year ago.
The bishops meeting in Atlanta attracted a mere small handful.
And most of the bishops said they would mind a small handful.
In many other nations and at the Vatican bishops only confer behind closed doors.
Here the sessions will be public except for a confidential discussion tomorrow afternoon.
Catholic caucuses left and right will be out enforced staging media panels and candle light vigils and lobbying hard.
They like it hard George.
So I heard.
This symbol of the media and set the tightly secured meeting hotel is a possibility overall the atmosphere is in keeping with the sense Catholics have the church have of the church being under siege in recent months.
It's under siege baby.
Make no mistake about it.
Jesus Christ.
Three bishops that enforce the resign is here following sexual misconduct allegations including Bishop William is a Lexington which we talked about before.
Nearly 250 priest of resenderman suspended victims have found at least 300 civil law suits and district attorneys have weighed criminal charges.
Two priest of committed suicide after being accused of abuse and another one to one in Baltimore was shot.
The hit him with one shot and he still alive.
Anguish parishioners have met in church basements while angrier ones pick a cardinal law Boston Cathedral demanding his resignation.
Ecclesiastical occlesia.
What is it ecclesiastical matters have become the fair of talk radio.
Oh yeah.
Political cartoonist and late night comedians is one of sober editorial writers.
It's a crisis of the bishops own making as the first draft policy from the ad hoc committee which will sift last minute changes to the document today mildly acknowledges.
The problem is not just that clergy molested minors that happens in other faiths and professions but many bishops covered a bumble and reassigned abusers to new parishes where they abused yet again.
While abuse claims of surface continually since the 1980s it was the news in January that Boston church officials did a little more than shuttle serial pedophile John Gagan from parish to parish that caused the crisis to explode.
Nationwide.
So they're going to get together tomorrow and see how they can continue to cover up how they can make you know give a good dog and pony show.
Italian writer Orianna Falacci's latest book in sites hatred against Muslims as a French anti racism group that started legal proceedings to stop the works distribution in France.
Falacci responded yesterday by saying she reserved the right to sue the group for calling your book racist.
The movement against racism and for friendship between people referred to Falacci's book the rage and the pride is a skating islamaphob attack.
There's a new word for you.
I like it.
We know homophob.
Now we got a a skating islamaphob attack.
The preceding started Monday also target plot and the books publisher in France.
Falacci best known for uncompromising interviews with world leaders and today decade long self imposed silence after 9-11 by writing a book in anger reaction to the terrorist attacks in New York where she lives.
Critics have accused the former resistance fighter and war correspondent of writing an anti Muslim anti immigrant tirade.
In one passage that the movement against racism objects to Falacci writes that Muslims multiply like rats.
Oh they must learn that from the Catholics.
Especially the Catholics in Latin America.
Or maybe from the Schwarzenegger think?
I'm not saying nothing.
Good.
In another she says that the children of al-Aspen their time with their bottoms in the year praying five times a day.
Brackum!
Wow.
A spokeswoman for the books French publisher said it just been informed that they complained it did not immediately have a comment.
Of course.
Resoli which publishes a Monday to relay the Joe Resoli.
I'll call him right now.
Resoli which publishes Falacci's book in Italy said the book was doing September in the US.
The title is unknown and Resoli refused to disclose the name of the American publisher.
Murad Al-Nuth the movement against racism secretary general said his group believes in freedom of expression.
But he said this incites racial violence.
It's racist delirium.
He said.
Falacci responded.
I reserve the right to sue MRAP for the insult racist.
And I remind Mr. Maloud Al-Nuth or whatever's name is that in France as well as in the West there's freedom of thought and opinion of expression under the press.
Since the rage in the Pride was released in France in May most major newspapers have devoted opinion pieces to it and Fridays initially figure out Falacci said she's been receiving death threats.
How do you like that from those peace love in the Muslims no doubt when you're the animals anyway.
Oh Georgia said that.
I guess you're not getting no more magazines from Captain Singh.
He's not a more.
I guess Mohammed ain't going to be coming to fix up your satellite dish no more or less.
You know what you're starting to sound like you start to sound like an Islamophobic me.
Uh oh.
Well coming its past noon at 560 W.C.M. so Mad Dog's going to be on a one o'clock for half an hour.
I get it.
But our poll is up by the way today's a version of one time wonder which one is the best.
This is going to be tough.
I see we got some votes on here already.
I voted for what did I vote for.
Pictures of my segment.
Thank you very much to the status quo whoever facts me that because otherwise I'd forgotten all about it.
It's one of my favorite songs.
I would have seen it to me underclap.
Huh?
I voted for Thunderclap Newman.
Well somebody had to know that both good choices.
Hey if you want a fantastic meal at a very great atmosphere and enjoyable place go to one of my favorite restaurants in the world.
Armadillo Cafe in a great new location.
They're in the pizza law class in Davy right.
Kidney Corner pizza off with tons of free parking right beyond here when imports.
That's on University Drive right between Griffin in 595 where Sadie's buffet used to be.
Oh my God.
That's sacrilegious to talk about Armadillo Cafe and Sadie's buffet even though they rhyme in the same breath.
But anyway that's where they are and the food in Armadillo is sensational.
In fact we got the whole thing right here not the whole thing.
Look at the appetizers smoke duck quesadillas with cranberry pear chutney.
Tempura island princess conque with yuzu sauce.
Oh I love my yuzu man.
And if you're like on a health cake you'll be like well don't want to get fat.
They got all kinds of delicious natural salads like the hydroponic arugula with honey chipotle dressing.
What's chipotle chipotle?
Maybe it's spelled wrong and it says CHIP O T L E is it chipotle?
Never heard of it.
Oh.
Pistachio crested smoked mozzarella salad with lemon basil dressing and of course the on phrase unbelievable like roasted porcini mushroom dusted sea bass with sweet corn and
a pobiano chili risotto and a field glaze.
A lot of words in here I can't pronounce but they're all delicious.
You love putting them in your mouth.
Grill tenderloin of ostrich with goat cheese, mashed potatoes and pork wine with sundry cherry sauce.
Yellowtail snapper panseared with roasted peppers, garlic tomatoes, wild mushrooms and ginger and the desserts unbeatle-leavable.
Armadillo cafe by the way smoke free.
Armadillo cream burlée which is the best in the world and the warm chocolate fritters with hot fudge make my toes tingle every time I mention that.
Call Armadillo cafe for reservations 954-4239954.
That's 954-4239954.
Like I always tell you when eat there one time you'll understand what's been voted one of the best restaurants in bar for the past 14 years in a row.
Tons and tons of free parking compliment and revalay parking too.
Check it on the web if you like it armadillo cafe.com and when you call her stop by be sure and tell them that Niel said you buy
to one of the great restaurants in San Foda.
Yeah beach.
The show in Marcio overnight sun sports radio 560.
QAM.
Get mended.
I f*** them out!
Coming to this fall the Fox is a reality show pretty much a lot like the other ones.
With you know single guys and girls on it getting together.
Five ladies looking for a husband and we tried it in every degenerate trail and trash loser we could find in a one block radius.
It's Bachelorette in Arkansas.
I like the curls special that one there with the teeth.
I showered up last month for this.
Bring on the tang.
The ladies I love it.
Meet Cindy the 29 year old real estate broker from Southern California.
You have to get me out of here.
These guys are driving me crazy.
They smell like they actually ate poop.
Bacheloretts in Arkansas.
I think I love Barbara.
We're soul mates.
She's my sister.
Due to mature themes parallel this question is advised some scenes may be disturbing for younger viewers.
I was having a pretty good date with Reefus.
The real talk guy with the one tooth in the beer belly in the spank my monkey tank top.
When all of a sudden he just died.
Bachelorette in Arkansas.
This fall on Fox.
Probably two to five sixty WDQM we got mad dog coming up on one and we got the very brief show for the mad dog today half an hour.
I think he can handle it.
One thirty you got the Marlon baseball pregame Marlon's on Dreck.
And then you got the Marlon's at Kansas City get to a five.
Hank Goldberg on briefly a couple hours after the baseball game.
The big orlando else a good guy knows nothing about sports and don't belong on here but he's a good guy.
He'll be on at seven.
Eddie K. at 10 o'clock tonight and Joe and Mark the dirty boys overnight.
Don't we all agree the big ones are pretty good guy.
Oh, I like him.
Hank rips him on mercifully on here and I just go on Humber.
Excellent job.
I deserve any of you.
No clue what he's talking about.
Anyway, with the poll is up and we got some early returns in on this.
Now this one's going to be I think more tense than the one yesterday, don't you?
Already you can say we got 43 votes on her so far on your Rogers dot com.
Which of these one hit wonders was the best thin Lizzy the boys are back in town's got six.
And like I told you that's a very big one here in Toronto with the ACC at the Leaf Games, right?
So and we get tons of Canadian people on your voting on our website.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Hey, that's a good one ThunderClaft.
I know in something in the years got four one of which is George's and Mason William's classical gas has got four.
The vapors turning Japanese is got to get in Carl Douglas and the vapors and gas right behind each other.
Yeah.
Joey Scarbury theme from the greatest American while there's so few votes on it.
It didn't really mean too much yet.
Now what an how that I vote for.
Oh pictures of match that men that's probably the only vote it's got.
Don't you think?
Uh.
You see it?
I don't even see it.
I saw it before.
Maybe it disappeared from our survey.
Oh no, there it is. That is what too.
Status goes got to appear.
So me and somebody else would be the taste.
Probably the guy that facts me that facts and thank you very much again for reminding me about that.
Also thanks to somebody who facts me pages and pages of propaganda that they're trying to teach your kids.
I'm taking this time to show it to my child.
Yeah.
It says this is the kind of religious garbage that Bush and Askcroft are using to brainwash the children of the US.
It's completely disgusting.
Teaching kids these lies doesn't help anybody.
You're only insures the US will be behind education for a long, long time.
What's so wrong about teaching scientific fact?
Sorry, all you religious assholes.
You're going to be dead someday just like all the rest of us.
There are no pearly gates, no a la, no Moses or whatever.
Bullshmit just stop by being so we can accept it.
Grow up.
Excellent.
Uh.
Summation, sir.
You got your thumb right on it.
And then he faxes me all these of this propaganda that teaching me.
Did you read any of it?
Huh?
Yeah, I've been reading it here.
What do you mean did I read any of it?
Well, because it's fascinating.
I spent the like that they keep bringing up creation scientists.
There's an oxymoron if I ever heard one.
Look, dumb and dumber, that's what it's all about.
Keep people superstitious.
If you walk under a ladder, if a cat black cat crosses your path.
Superstitious, hocus pocus, that's what it's all about.
Fear of death, fear of hell.
And just like Madeline or Harry used to say when she was still alive,
religion without a hell of a worth of damn.
And she was absolutely correct.
Jesus Christ.
Hi, my name is Matt and this is my sister, Laura.
We grew up around the creation evidence museum.
Our dinosaur friends name is Muncher.
Yeah, dinosaur is the operative word, baby.
This page will teach you of many of the things we've learned about how God created the world.
Join us as we explore God's creation.
Let me say it again.
There doesn't need to be any long argument for anybody with a brain.
Pick up the Old Testament.
Pick up that stupid word.
Pick up that stupid piece of crap.
Open to the first page.
And read the first page and then you'll throw it away.
You'll say this is ridiculous.
Even little children will laugh at this.
About creation.
Oh yeah, he created the stars to rule the lesser light to rule the night.
And the bigger light to rule the, yeah, he created two lights.
And then it says like an afterthought, he made the stars also.
With no knowledge whatsoever that the sun is a star or that these lights
as they refer to them.
One was the moon.
One was the star.
They didn't have a freaking clue these neonatal people.
And supposedly all these billions of people in the world today are guiding their lives based on his archaea crap.
They didn't know the moon from the...
They don't take any bulls**t from it.
Or from the...
That's what I was trying for.
But you started to do with one finger, you know?
I know.
That's what I was looking for.
And you know something?
Like she said.
They don't take any bulls**t from it.
I think that fits in here too.
God dammit.
I wonder how she's doing.
Now that we don't take any calls anymore.
She's fine.
Is she?
She calls from time to time.
Good.
How do you know that?
Well, I take calls.
I see when you're on, taking those awful calls.
Anyway, that's right, Laura.
It says, while I was wondering if there were any other differences between the earth today and the earth before the flood other than the weather.
Actually, there were quite a few differences.
For starters, the continents were in the same places they are today.
I had believed that at one time South America, South Africa, and Antarctica, India, and Australia all formed one big landmass.
And of course, if the president keeps his global warming thing going on, pretty soon they'll all be one big water mass.
Oh, I got a great editorial on that.
I'm going to see how I said, wait, I'm not going to waste any time reading any more of that.
I thank whoever affects me this profusely, but it just makes me nauseous, sick, to my stomach.
See, that's an oxymoron, okay?
Creation science.
It's an oxymoron.
Only stupid people believe in crap like that.
Stupid, right?
Superstitious barbaric, grotesque ignorant people with no balls, with no, just, I mean, how big of a pair do you have to have to think for yourself this big?
What the hell was that? I just turned back there.
Was that somebody out there at my door?
Maybe you want to go get it?
No.
I thought it was the fax machine, but it sounded like I might have been somebody out the door.
Anyway, nobody home.
Bob Herbert wrote in the New York Times a few days ago, June 6th.
Ignoring a growing peril.
Very weird, he says, the Bush administration has acknowledged that the U.S. will experience far reaching and in some cases devastating environmental consequences as a result of global warming, but it doesn't plan to do much about it.
The administration has been so poor when it comes to climate change that his odd bit of news was initially seen as some sort of progress.
It was thought momentarily that the president might be staring to pull his head out of the increasingly hot sand on this issue.
The administration interagency report, which was compiled by the Environmental Protection Agency, notes that the warming of the U.S. is expected to be greater in the 21st century than in the 20th and will affect nearly every region of the country.
Seas have expected to rise causing an additional loss of coastal wetlands, storm surges will pose a greater threat to coastal communities.
We'll have to endure more stifling heat waves and the disruption of snow-fed water supplies.
Some treasured ecosystems such as the Rocky Mountain Meadows and certain coral reefs and barrier islands are likely to disappear entirely.
In addition to acknowledging that the Earth is already sizzling, the report made it clear that human activity, the burning of fossil fuels that released heat-trapping gases in the atmosphere, was the primary culprit.
This was no more than a statement of the obvious, most reputable scientist, but the acknowledgement was a first for the environmentally challenged Bush administration.
And yet even with this most minimal acceptance of reality, it was too much for the troglot-eyed wing of the president's party.
Shrieks of outrage arose among conservatives who immediately and loudly demanded that the president turn his back on the report and various head even more deeply in the sand.
So on Tuesday, there was meaning a week ago on Tuesday, there was George W. Bush dutifully distancing himself from his own administration's handiwork.
He assured one and all that he had no plans to lead any assault on global warming.
He was coldly dismissive of the interagency effort, I read the report put out by the bureaucracy, he said.
That must have been pretty demoralizing for the people that worked hard to put the report together.
If Mr. Bush did read it, he saw in Chapter 6 an interesting encapsulation of the projected global warming experience in the West over the next few decades.
Sighting plausible model scenarios, the reports said many areas of the country would undergo a change comparable to an overall northward shift in weather systems and climate conditions.
The central tier of states would experience climate conditions roughly equivalent to those now experienced by the southern tier and the northern tier would experience conditions much like the central tier.
The change is already underway.
Some areas are experiencing a shorter duration of lake ice and there's already been a northward shift in the distribution of some species of butterflies.
These are changes that force you to wonder what kind of environment lies and weight just two or three generations hence.
And yet we continue with very little restraint to spew off the so-called greenhouse gases.
The U.S. is by far the biggest defender on the planet producing about 25% of all the greenhouse gas emissions in the world.
But the U.S. has refused to participate in the Kyoto Protocol and international treaty that calls for the mandatory reduction of greenhouse gases by industrial nations.
And the U.S. has refused to impose tough event and term reductions on its own.
Japan ratified the Kyoto Protocol on Tuesday and the 15 members of the European Union jointly presented their ratification to the UN last week.
But with the mightiest power on the planet, I'm willing to participate and I'm willing to formulate a real alternative that gases will just keep building and building causing the planet to get warmer and warmer.
What we have here is a very serious problem that we understand and could do something about, but so far because of a lack of presidential leadership we've taken a pass.
The EPA report was called U.S. Climate Action Report 2002. It should have been called the Inaction Report.
Right Bob Herbert in last Tuesday's New York Times.
1227 at 560 WQAM. If you're tired of hassles whether you're selling the service, if you're tired of that $50 a month plan that you thought you bought, which winds up costing $100 a month, then do something smart.
Get on the team with Team Celtic at Celtic Communications, your authorized Nectel representative. For over 25 years now Celtic has been providing South Florida with the best service they take the hassle away from dating with any cellular company, not to mention that Grotesque expense too.
Right now Nectel shared rewards plan will allow you to share 4,000 monthly minutes with free incoming calls for just $54.99.
Celtic's got a great selection of other plans no matter what your budget with most of them including free incoming calls, nationwide long distance, caller ID, voicemail and Nectel's unique direct connect to a radio feature.
So whether it's one phone or a billion, take it for me and their spokesman Jay Feeder, Celtic Communications, your authorized Nectel representative is the only smart way to go.
Call today and get connected toll free call 1-800-CEL-TECH-2. That's 1-800-C-E-L-T-E-C in the number 2 for Celtic Communications keeping us...
NERAS, ROWD IS R.
Support's video at 5.60.
To the UM.
NEON GOD.
The polling commercial was childishly edited from its original form into our own perverted version.
Any reassembly of an actual commercial by this program is purely adolescent in no way affiliated with the advertiser, but it does make us laugh.
In theaters now, Scooby Pooh, the director's cut.
Two was my best buddy in the whole Bible.
What is that?
Oh, my God.
That's the hugeest piece of crap I've ever seen!
Direct you!
Somebody's spiked your dog mode?
You should name that thing!
Oh, I have whatever he's having.
Direct you!
Direct you!
This place is like over-crapy.
Yeah.
Scooby Pooh!
Direct you!
That was weird!
About 32 at 5.60 W.A.M.
Oh, this poll today, I'll tell you, is going to be really bizarre, you know?
You can see it already.
Not only in terms of being closed, but the fact of the matter is, you notice that most of the songs that are on it have no votes.
They're not most, but a great many of them.
Like half at least.
Yeah, that's because, like me, most people never heard any of those songs.
The ones that you and Robert were saying, oh yeah, that was okay.
It was pretty good.
Sparrow staircase.
Sparrow staircase, what?
Doesn't have any.
The flying machines.
Sparrow staircase doesn't have any votes.
Am I going to have to dig that out and play that again?
Oh, it's going to frost my hand.
I'm being contrary, but a lot of these that don't have any votes are also old.
Okay, well let's take a look and see what we got.
I don't think so.
Got a little cream and cry.
I never heard that before I played it.
19 by Pooh Hard Castle.
Oh my god, the assembled multitude in the overture from Tommy.
Your rock operas got no votes.
Shame on you.
And I almost voted for that too.
I don't want to say that it frosted my ass a little bit, but you know what?
Does it frost my ass?
I'm going to have to dig that out again.
I mean, that is such a powerful, such a strong.
Like the sports nerds used to say back back on a good old days.
Remember when the sports nerds used to say, oh, he was really strong today.
Remember these to say that on the worst team all the time?
They used to.
I don't know what they say anymore.
I don't know because they're not there anymore.
No votes for this.
Got those French horns and...
Oh my god, have you people got this for Brains or what?
Oh.
If I hadn't voted already for pictures of my segment, I'd Russian vote for that right now.
I'd rush over there like an inch away and reach for my mouse.
Can't believe it.
Now let's see, do you get any votes?
No.
Goes to show you, I have no influence.
These polls, whatever they like, they like it, they like it.
Nothing I can do about it.
I'd try and tell them 10 volumes at a Zeta.
Oh, if you'd be more, you know, optimistic, more enthusiastic about the music we play the rest of the day.
We could translate your numbers to the rest of the day.
I kept telling them, hey, they don't like your music no matter what I say.
They're not going to listen to it, okay?
You idiot, you jackass.
There goes a couple votes now.
Well, thank god for the...
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Where is vehicle?
By the eyes of March.
That's a good question.
Oh, you know what?
It might have gotten cut off because it was the last one on the end of a page.
Ah!
Vehicle by the eyes of March.
Oh, no, there is a ton there.
It's got one vote.
I found it.
Oh, thank god.
They probably got confused with the Waltz Sable parody, you know?
Which case you don't have a lot more votes.
I'd have like 100 votes.
You don't like this?
I love this.
What are you talking about?
What's not polite?
We're all the friends of the streets.
You're in the banks of America.
I was just hopped inside my car.
I got pictures that can't be out of no good man.
And I can take them to the nearest star.
I'm your own fears from baby.
You people better get with it around playing weight and Newton all day tomorrow, okay?
I don't want to start trading money in some playing, but I thought one that you just got done playing.
Oh, even while I find worse ones than that.
Oh, it's for the guy the asshole yesterday who is not going to be J Thomas.
Yeah.
Let me just tell you right now.
B.J. Thomas, I went, I looked at Sam's for a B.J. Thomas and they've got 80 million C.D.s in there.
And the bin under his name was empty, which means everything they had is gone.
Right.
So, probably they were listening to the show.
Could be.
Never know.
So, what do we got there?
The boys are back in town, has gotten young.
Classical gas and thunder clap, Newman, something in the air, each have seven.
It's going to be a tight.
It's going to be a good, even battle here.
Carl Douglas, kung fu fighting six, ten years after.
I'd like to chat.
I'd love to change the word that farm.
Oh, that makes me feel like this was almost worthwhile.
You know what?
Yeah, but Starland Vocal Band has four.
Nothing's perfect.
Then you didn't even know this song.
What are you talking about?
Ten years after, so I'm talking about it.
I know this song.
Yeah, you know it now.
I knew it before.
Oh!
It's gay.
I see that song like very similar to like signs by the five man electrical band.
Yeah, that Wayne would get all bent out of shape about, you know.
Remember good old Wayne?
Uh-huh.
Old Baldy that nobody seems to talk about him much anymore.
Small, but an asshole he is.
Let's talk about Wayne all day tomorrow, you know.
This is a story that, for whatever reason, I meant to talk about this because I mentioned it,
and then I never got to it.
So I saved it here on my pile.
The Supreme Court says it'll consider whether some state laws that band cross-burning violate
the free speech rights of Ku Klux Flanders or others.
You know, this country's obsession would not bring flags and I've bring crosses just because
something offends you doesn't mean that it's illegal.
As long as I'm underage law and I would assume.
Right, if it's on you or law and it's your cross, then you got to write the burn it.
And if it pisses off some superstitious Christian out there, tough crap.
In fact, you know something, I think I'm going to go out there right now in the young street today and burn a cross.
Just for the hell of it.
And I'll probably like laugh.
I'm over there in church street and do it.
Get all the fags over there.
The high courts ruling expected some time next year could clarify how far states may go
in banning a practice associated with racial hatred and intimidation
but accorded some constitutional protection.
The court agreed to hear an appeal from Virginia where the state Supreme Court struck down a 50-year-old law
that made it a crime to burn a cross to intimidate someone.
These sharply divided lower court ruled that the state law was unconstitutional
because such acts of bigotry are protected a protected form of speech.
The Virginia Law is a response to the clans' practice of setting crosses of blaze
as a threat or warning to black people.
But its wording says nothing about a racial motive instead banning the practice
whenever its intent is to frighten the victim.
But what if you don't want to frighten anybody?
Right, what if you just want to roast some marshmallows?
The right to free speech is not absolutely.
The Supreme Court has previously ruled that the government may prosecute some kinds of threatening or violent speech.
The line can be fuzzy since the government may not discriminate against speakers
based solely on what they have to say.
Ten years ago, the Supreme Court struck down a hate crime ordinance from St. Paul, Minnesota
that banned displays of Nazi swastikas or burning crosses that were intended to anger or alarm people
on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, or gender.
The high court called that law an unconstitutional discrimination against speech based on its content.
Court's in three states, Florida, Washington, and California, have said the ruling does not apply to their laws,
the laws of four states, South Carolina, Maryland, New Jersey, and Virginia have been struck down.
And so on and goes. And of course with this fashion Supreme Court, God only knows what's going to pass his law with them.
I guess they're busy trying to elect the next president now, right? Getting ready for next time.
1240 at 560, WQM, PD Lenny, man, there's the guy.
You expect some copy are going to get it from PD?
No. No. He just always asks you to do the favors. Do this. Please do that. You know, I need the money.
But he'll never give you any copy because he's just a full of crap.
Anyway, Delights isn't full of crap. It's a place where you can go by all kinds of good stuff for your diet,
for those of you who are counting carbs especially, because it's your official soft-load atkins headquarters.
And now that Splendid's been introduced in a lot of the diet products, you don't have to worry about those real harsh on your stomachs,
sweeteners that they used to put in so many of the diet products. Believe me, you and your stomach will feel the difference.
Delights of West Boker carries thousands and thousands of weight-loss products, supplements, vitamins, diet-pokes, everything you need to help you lose those pounds that are killing you.
Delights also carries the largest selection of bakery products, like pancake mix, bread, cookies, cheesecakes, brownies, muffins, and eclairs.
They also carry low-carbon sugar-free products like pasta, sauces, ketchup, crackers, candy, champion-like chocolate, and their famous carbolite ice cream too.
Head to Delights of West Boker, and don't forget you can try it before you buy it. You can try anything in the store or a little taste before you make your purchase.
Call them at 1-877-Low-Carb, check out their website at lowcarb.com or better yet, take a zip over there and visit the store.
On the northeast corner of Glades in 441 and Bokin, please tell me that Neil and PDLany sent you by.
The original Delights of West Boker, your official Atkins Retail...
...and you can't even see the difference.
Let's travel to Kansas City to capital with the Royal Silver Star at 130 on Sports Radio 560, QAM.
I'm dying out of here.
Is grandma grandpa just getting way too old? Is there constant nagging for attention getting to be a major inconvenience?
There's someone to wipe me over here!
If you answered yes to any of these questions, Netherlands.com's Health and Hospitality Division has the answer.
Netherlands Youth and Asia Services.
Over the centuries, millions of people have discovered death to be the preferred alternative to life.
Our staff has put together cracked medical professionals in Holland, where Youth and Asia is legal, who will ensure your comfort as they euthanize you.
Or your loved one, you will be flown first class to Amsterdam, where you'll be treated to the most lavish, going away party ever imagined.
At one of Amsterdam's luxurious four-star hotels, two full days and nights of food, drink and marimen, followed by professional and comfortable euthanasia.
After which, your remains will be sent back to your loved ones, or taken care of locally with Netherlands highest-quality body disposal available.
So if you're suffering from an incurable disease, or you may just be playing board with living, log on to Netherlands Youth and Asia Services and get the party started.
1246-560, don't forget to log on to www.wqm.com. Start playing the tour to baseball trivia challenge.
Weekly prizes include golf or forward chulas, grand prize and trip to New York over the Liberty Weekend to see the Marlins play the men's.
So log on to it and start playing with it at www.wqm.com.
Mad Dog Jim Manich, coming in briefly, quite an assignment for half-hour today between 1130.
Well, I'm sure glad that nobody heard me talking about volunteering to work the extra half-hour.
Are you? Yeah.
Oh, I'll still be here, so it's all the same to me.
Well, thought all the same to me.
Boy, just a thought of that since Quivers Up with Shivers Up and Down My Back Home.
Fine, just thinking about that.
Bad idea, Neil. Thank you.
12 votes for the boys are back in town by thin Lizzy.
Eight for ThunderClapped.
Now, that surprises me because we've done no ThunderClapped Newman in the past.
Although, I guess it wasn't one hit wonder thing.
We haven't done this before. It was in with other things.
Yeah, it was in with other things.
But of course, when you compared with this, this list today is nothing all like yesterday.
Yesterday was heavy duty.
This list today is lacking.
You know what it's lacking? What?
A lot of good songs.
How can you say that with Kung Fu fighting on there?
Get out of here.
Kung Fu, my ass.
Afternoon to lungo jury in the summertime.
Oh, the vapors turning Japanese with all due respect to the guy that affects those three.
At least he was right.
The turning Japanese.
They may be doing it, but they're not listening to it.
Genesee Riley Harper Valley P.
Wow, it's got three votes. Oh my god.
And I was just thinking about lunch plans, too, you know.
I hate that song. I despise it.
News day reports post September 11th baby boom.
It's a boom expected.
Obstetrician and staffs at some hospital delivery rooms nationwide are gearing up for a summer baby boom.
That many say was sparked by the 9-11 terrorist attacks.
And now see, that doesn't make any sense to me.
Why not?
Because with that kind of crap going on in the world, why would you want to make more babies?
It would seem to be we should have the opposite effect.
You need an air and a spare.
I see.
This was kind of a wake up call from people said Dr. Paul Castell, an obstetrician and professor at Long Island College Hospital in New York City.
They saw the towers burning when they got home.
They said, you know, it's never going to be the right time we should start now.
In other words, there were screw in their brains out.
New York, which starts the biggest hit in the terrorist attacks, is expected to be the boom's epicenter.
Castell says that beginning in mid-June, like any day now, deliveries in his own Brooklyn practice will increase 20 to 25 percent compared with last summer.
Just what we need is a population explosion, right?
Not.
Dr. Jacques Moritz at St. Louis Roosevelt Hospital in Manhattan anticipates a 15 percent increase.
And at St. Vincent Hospital, not far from ground zero, they're also preparing for a summer boom, although they haven't figured out the percentage.
How could they figure it out anyway? How do they know?
I think they poll the people.
No, somebody already did.
Elsewhere, some delivery room staffs around the country are also bracing themselves.
That includes Baylor University Medical Center in Dallas, where summer deliveries will include some of the hospital's own staff.
Five nurses in Baylor's labor and delivery department are pregnant and do in July and August.
Spokeswoman Catherine Goldstein jokingly suggested the department adopt a new model. Don't drink the water.
And at least one celebrity will be among the proud parents.
During a recent interview with Oprah Winfrey, comedian Chris Rock said 9-11 prompted him and his wife to conceive.
I didn't think those dark folks needed any like extra incentive to conceive.
Elsewhere, Julia Beck-Bromberg, husband Neil Bromberg and three-year-old daughter Lila are preparing for an addition to their Bethesda, Maryland, home in July.
If we had to take each other in our child for granted, this ended on that day, his Beck-Bromberg, who's expecting his son.
She says the attacks hit home largely because her husband and attorney works just two blocks from the White House.
New information suggests that might have been the intended target of the hijack plane that crashed in Pennsylvania.
At this point, evidence of an overall jump in 9-11 about post-9-11 pregnancies, even for the New York metropolitan area's anecdotal,
that's because it takes demographers weeks, even months to collect and tally official birth data.
There are however signs that a boom is coming, says Beck-Bromberg, who runs a business called 40 weeks, a wholesaler for products for babies and new mothers.
Her company sales to such retailers as BabiesOurUs.com are up more than 75%.
And in Miami, the Sturk Avenue birth announcement company has added stamp because catalog request indicate that business could quadruple this summer.
When asked why they want to have a child in such turbulent times, many new parents said a need for togetherness, healing, and even patriotism.
Oh, that's a great way to say the numbers game. Sure worked for China.
Maybe our child can help in some small way to make the world a better place at Mississa, Acosta, who's doing July Lives in Mongolia, Tennessee, just outside Nashville.
Oh, they're reproducing near Nashville.
Oh, hey!
Christopher Coine of Houston says he and wife Trish conceived a daughter while on a brief honeymoon in Manhattan, a month after the plane set the World Trade Center.
They've decided to name her Nicole Event Coine, initials NYC.
Oh, yeah.
But some experts say 9-11 isn't the only reason the only couple are expecting.
While they're planning for increased this summer compared with last, births were already up 6% in April, and women's an infant hospital of Rhode Island in Providence.
And Bassett HealthCare in upstate New York says a mini baby boom happened at its hospitals in the first quarter of the year.
Some suspect that means couples decided to place parenthood about fears about a shaky job market and a faltering economy, not terrorism.
Even New Yorker Lisa Debtwilis says the terrorist attacks you can see from her Brooklyn home didn't prompt her to get pregnant, although they didn't have an effect.
She and husband Bill have been trying to conceive a third child for almost a year, and were finally successful after being cooped up in their home for days after 9-11.
They were unable to work in Manhattan.
You're so happy you're safe and bed your husband's alive.
You just screw your brains out.
You grow, grow, grow, open, and you hope hope hope.
Huh?
And you call the Pope Pope Pope.
And hope hope.
And act like a dope dope dope.
Well, I don't know, making all these babies, I just, I don't get it.
I mean, we're the sole of our popularity already.
We got millions and millions and millions of starving desperate people, and the Pope likes it.
1252 at 560 WQM.
And here's something you'll like, and that is dry concepts.
Mander, sensational, are one of the best units in the entire world.
They got a good unit.
They've been coming to my house for over 20 years, making my schmutzie carpets look just like brand new,
and they'd be delighted to do the same for you.
They'd be honored.
And you'll be honored too, because they could be a guaranteed written price before they start doing a cleaning job, before they start dry cleaning your carpet.
And then they get done, and you'll have a big smile on your face, because your carpets look and smell just like brand new, lemony fresh.
They're drying a couple of hours, and they'll walk out with no rip-offs, no games, because like I said, they give you a guaranteed written price,
before they start even rolling up their sleeves and doing a work.
So if you want carpets that look like just like brand new, and a fraction of the cost,
treat yourself and your carpets to a spring cleaning from dry concepts today.
In Broward call 954-370-7778.
954-370-7778.
And data Palm Beach call them tool free.
1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071.
Clean today, entertain.
The
Power David and Steve Goldie Goldstein.
Oh!
6-9-1-Sport Radio 5-60-2-A-M.
Greg Hachill.
The Shack Guy.
Shack Guy.
What's with him?
And he wade.
He's a weird looking dude that looks like a retarded Michael J.
Even though that Shack is a big dude.
When he runs up and down the court, he looks like a buffoon.
He says he's an athlete or rapper and after a poet.
Yeah, that's what he thinks.
But he's just a goof that plays to hope with that Jackass Kobe.
And every time I turn on my TV set at my place, I see the Shack.
He's got that dopey look on his face.
That Shack Guy.
Shack Guy.
I can't help but laugh at him.
Every time that dummy makes a rap CD, no one buys it.
And if his eyes were any closer on his dumb ass face.
He'd look like a Down syndrome kid that dribbles the ball with one eye.
Shack Guy.
Shack Guy.
He's got to like it.
He's the only guy in the world who got a bigger head than Joe Rosalto then.
1258-560-WQM.
We got Jim Mad Dog Maddard's coming up very briefly.
A very tough assignment today.
30 minutes, a half an hour.
Offer to take the half hour and he said.
