Never know who will call Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio.
Howard David, voice of the Miami Dolls.
I'm not sure you want it and you don't need the sheath.
It was plugged, but I will buy listening to you guys every day.
You guys are doing a hell of a job. It's fun to listen to and O'Brien.
I mean the whole thing you guys are doing there is great.
What? Did I hear that right? Back up with you.
I listen to you guys every day. You guys are doing a hell of a job.
It's fun to listen to and O'Brien. I mean the whole thing you guys are doing there is great.
Wow, even Mo Howard David listens to Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio.
Exactly. I'm getting pounded. You should have supported your own station.
Well, I don't understand. Well hold it. Hold it. What is one thing?
I don't understand. Well, one thing has to do with another.
I'm on a network show that happens to be carried on another station in the marketplace.
Also, so, Hank, you go on everybody's show opposite yours at the same time.
You think, Hank, you go on their station when you're on the air?
If Hank Goldberg appears on another radio program that happens to be carried in the marketplace,
it's a network show that happens to be on opposite me.
I don't give a damn about that. Why would I care about it?
Why does that matter?
It's all competition in numbers, Howard. You know the business.
You know how it works. I just don't think you want to support Neil Rogers.
Well, now you're bringing up something that's completely different.
No, I think that's probably the biggest problem you got.
You don't like Neil Rogers and you wanted to go opposite of him and you really didn't care who you offended.
Well, one of the ones I tell you what, since the man is standing in the controller right now,
why does the Neil Rogers tell you, since the day I walked into this place,
he's done everything he can, undermine this program, since we're now getting down to brass tax.
I'm looking right in the eye and telling my now to his face.
I think you brought some of that on yourself.
You blamed him.
I might be even bothering arguing.
Whether or not I'm appearing on a network show, what the hell is that?
I have to do with anything.
And if the object is to get me pissed off, didn't.
Trust me when I tell you, it didn't.
Think 53 at QAM.
Damn it.
Anyway, it's a 903 is what it is now, almost whatever it is, 10 minutes later.
That was pretty exciting. I just happened to be standing because they have the door open this morning,
which is very exciting.
So I could go in there and bond with Zach and Robert, my good close personal friends.
Robert's gloating about the election.
I'm Tonya Robert.
If we discover these anal love beads yesterday, instead of Georgia's stupid rosary beads,
the Democrats would have kicked that ass.
But anyway, here this call happens to be unjust at the same moment.
There's my psychic powers kicking again.
And I'm listening to the call.
I was about to turn around and walk out because Muget's very upset when he sees me.
It's physically ill.
And I was about to turn around and walk out.
I hear this call going on about me and about the fact that Muget's on
concerning with the enemy on Monday.
See this business about it being a network show.
I mean, what what the hell's Zach out to do with an addition to which he wasn't a guest on the show he called in?
He called it not a show.
He was on the phone.
It's not like it was a guest in the studio or an invited guest.
He called in and was on the Irw
Tony Bruno on Schlock Sports.
And I think the caller had a good point.
That is you don't concern with the enemy.
But yeah, that's the way it goes.
I really didn't make that big of an issue out of it.
We got the promo on her, which we got through Hooker Cruck, which we find most amusing,
especially the part where she says even Mohawar David listens to it,
etc. and so on.
See now you're getting your mean bastard.
You really are. It's all you.
It's not me, Moh. It's all George.
You're right in the first place.
And then that line he's got in there about since the day he got here,
I was trying to undermine that show.
See how soon they forget.
Now you can go on here and lie through your teeth
all your sports sick of fans out there.
But the truth of the matter is I was the only one give any support.
The only one because of those quotes in very jackasses column.
Remember the origins of that back in the spring back in the late winter, whenever it
was?
He was going to show him what sports talk was really all about and sports talk is boring.
And so some of the other people on this station, which I don't want to mention any names,
took exception of that.
And I can see that. I can see their point.
And so they got off on a wrong foot.
But as far as I was concerned, I kind of like enjoyed that because you know me.
I'm a Schmidt Disturber and I'm not part of the sports doc fraternity anyway.
So I gave him all the opportunity in the world.
And then of course, you're running around making comments about his bad hair piece and about
the checkered pants. And I may have embellished him just a little bit.
A little bit.
But and then of course right away he had.
And then we had the thing with Greg and him in here that day.
I thought we kissed and made up.
Remember that?
Student right there, front of that microphone.
I played one of the Boca Brian Moa Howard bits laughed and laughed.
The fact of the matter is he just has got no sense of humor when it comes to himself.
And so it continues to escalate and escalate.
And of course the audience loves it.
Look at the you look at a response we had on the pool yesterday.
Look at the response.
And you want to know why like I said the other day about Joseph Gackie and I.
Joe's Joe gets it.
He's like a real person.
I mean, I've been saying on the year for years that he's boring.
He's the most boring person on the year I can think of.
And he is.
But that doesn't make him a bad guy.
That doesn't mean we hate each other.
He understands it.
He gets it.
He understands it's a radio show.
And if somebody wants to say this show sucks, I'm a moron.
We got a bunch of trained monkeys.
That doesn't bother me because it's a radio show.
It's not going to change my life.
1131 votes on yesterday's pool.
Our question was what should the punishment be for Mohawar David sucking up to the
enemy Fox Boards Monday?
Who's Mohawar David 391 14 and let me also say this.
What what other publicity does he get from this radio station?
Another any billboards any TV spots any.
No, nothing.
Any guy walking up and down the cause with a sandwich board?
No, nothing.
Any sky writing like Jim had over nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
So I brought that show to the attention.
Don't give me the song and it's about, well, yeah, you'll be ripping.
That's not the point.
That's not the way it works, especially in this market.
That's not the way it works.
There've been more people tuning that show because of my talking about it
than all the publicity in the world could have done.
No contest.
And if you just expect me to sit here and go out about, well,
yeah, it's going to be a wonderful show and you better tune in.
They're not going to do that.
I can't tell people what to listen to.
There reminds me the 10 William Days on Zeta.
Oh, if you just talk better about our music,
talk better.
Maybe if you played better music, maybe people listened to it.
Like I'm going to talk, it's like going into a restaurant.
Maybe I could be the greeter at a restaurant.
Like Larry Glick, I could be the greeter at some restaurant where the food is really crappy.
And I could stand on the doorway and say, oh, it really is crappy.
But, you know, I'm telling you, I'm here to tell you it's really good.
And they're going to come pouring in there because I'm standing on the doorway,
telling that it's dog crap, but it really is filet mignon.
It looks like dog crap, but it smells like it, and probably it's really filet mignon.
It's really shatter, but I don't know.
Ain't going to happen.
1136 votes.
Who's Mohawar David at 394?
Fire is old, I asked 298.
Still his two pays 172.
He gets raped and it by the whole staff, 109.
Vanishing from Paradise, 63.
No penalty, he gets a gold star at a purple jellybean, 55, 4.8%.
He gets raped and it by freaky carlos, only 45.
That's not really because what I thought about you.
I don't know why he only gets 45 with freaky carlos.
Because nobody has any idea who that is.
Nobody knows who that is.
We need to accept it.
Except for the handful of former power 96 morning show listeners,
when freaky carlos was on air.
What?
Right.
Well, no, I mean, we don't have that much crossover with power 96.
That's not our audience.
So most of our people don't know from the old Bushville Griffin show
and carlos or whatever.
What do he call himself on that show?
Lida?
Lida?
Oh, take me to your Lida.
Not.
But seriously, the scene that we just had in there,
I have no idea what they had that door open.
Although, now I realize it's probably a better idea to have it closed.
And every time I would look in there, he would see me.
He just like, uh, like he just saw the ghost of Christmas pass
through something.
It's a radio show.
Howard, that's all it is.
It's a freaking radio show.
And you can have a heart on the rest of your life
about neo-Rangers and about George Rodriguez and about the beast
and about anybody who consorts with us.
It's just a radio show.
Well, don't forget, Boca Brine.
Oh, well, forget about him singing all those things.
Talking about getting raped a bit because rape ain't funny.
But, boy, we got a situation here, man.
It's just astonishing.
I, people ask me, say they come up to me and say,
have you really ever encountered anything like this before?
And I say, nah, never even dreamed there could be something like this.
And when that guy called that we just played that call,
you could see the blood rolling around right underneath the hair piece.
I mean, it was just, boy, I thought it was going to boil right over.
And maybe the bag, also, at the same time.
It was bubbling.
You know how like a radiator when it overheats,
starts bubbling?
Well, that's what was going on in there.
I'm not sure exactly where it was coming from.
It's a radio show, Mo.
Oh, Howard.
I don't think I'm going to have much success.
I've tried everything I know.
I've extended a hand of friendship.
I've offered all, you know, all kind of accommodation.
Remember the thing about where you were being held hostage, right?
And if I would back off on mode,
and you wouldn't get canned, well, you know,
that's too many months ago.
That ain't going to fly anymore, all right?
And I did.
And I backed off.
And then I came back here for a few days.
And then we had our little birthday party in there.
And by the way, nobody came in here from that show
and wished me happy birthday.
At least nobody from that side of the window,
including Gildi.
But back on June 3,
when we had that birthday bash in there,
at least I was invited to come in and kiss his highness' ring
and wish him happy birthday.
At that point, that was an ugly day.
Turned out, I thought it was just fun.
We sat down and there was invited.
I didn't want to be on there.
Sat down and invited me to sit down in the Beyond That Show.
And I thought we had fun for five or ten minutes.
It sounded fun from here.
Everybody else I talked to said it was a bunch of yucks.
It was okay.
And he took exception to that.
He just didn't get it.
I don't think there's anybody in this building
who has either the ability or maybe even the desire
to explain it to him.
It doesn't get it.
So we have this massive war going on.
But it's a war on one side.
See, that's the thing I don't understand.
There's no war from this side.
We're just having some fun.
And people might say,
wow, gee, but those vits you're planning,
you're ripping...
They're comedy bits.
Who don't we have bits about?
Yeah, who don't we have bits, including me?
And about George and about everybody.
About Boka Brian.
Everybody else in a goddamn radio station.
Josh Friedman.
Do you think that fat tub of crap
is going to come in here and say,
oh, gee, you really hurt my feelings?
He wanted a copy of it.
He plays it for his family.
How about Geldie?
Before he became an underling.
How about the Geldie song that he was running around singing
like we talked about the other day.
Singing it in bars.
He was performing it.
I don't get it.
11 after 9 at 5, 60 WQM.
Let me tell you one thing I do get
and that is how you buy a mattress.
This is something I know.
I mean, I know nothing about anything else in the world
but I do know this.
And that is that the old way of buying a mattress is done.
It's finished.
It's finito.
All you have to do is pick up your instrument,
pick up that phone,
reach forward, grab it, squeeze it, and the phone too,
and call 1-800-MATRICE
if the old mattress is lumpy and smelly and worn out.
And these folks will bring you a no-time-at-all
quality name brand mattress exactly the one you're looking for
at an unbeatable everyday low price.
And when I'm talking about brand names,
they've got the best they got.
Serta, Celi, Simmons, King, Coral.
No store in the universe can match those low prices
and certainly nobody would even dream a match
in the service you get from these people
with dial amateurs because they deliver
when it's convenient for you.
They come right to your home when that mattress you order.
They take away the old crappy bedding
and set up the new one in any to our window when you want.
Noon to two, one to three,
etc. any day of the week, seven days a week.
And they give you that 30-day-in-home comfort guarantee
to check it out the only smart way by sleeping on it
and do whatever you want to do on it.
So pick up that thing, grab it, reach it, squeeze it,
and call dial amateurs right now 1-800-MATRICE,
1-800-MATR-R-E-S, they'll be there in no time at all.
Or look on a website at macrus.com if you like.
5-8-Local, this is 5-6-L, 3-6-L,
3-6-L, you're so mean.
2-8-L!
A bush, a bush, a knife, a knife!
Gordon Lightfoot, he's more popular than ever.
I didn't know that.
Well, now you do.
And now Gordon Lightfoot boards the wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald
and steers a course for disaster in his new tribute album,
Gordon Lightfoot sinks Led Zeppelin.
Tased and confused, Gordon Lightfoot renders his version of Led Zeppelin's
Immigrant Song.
We come from the land of the high source though
On the midnight sun where the hot springs blow
Gordon Lightfoot sinks Led Zeppelin.
It's a whole lot of stuff like this.
It's the compact disc that's lower than the bottom of Lake Superior.
If there's a bustle in your CD player,
don't be alarmed now.
It's just Gordon Lightfoot sinks Led Zeppelin.
917-F-Boy, that's your end of the rough, you know.
At 560 WDQAM, happy year Wednesday to you.
And you're on something where you got a pool today on the election.
What's your take on Tuesday's election results?
You know why I voted? I don't give a shmit.
Didn't I say it was going to be Republican sweep?
My psychic power's righted again.
I could feel it.
I just knew it.
And the guy that called us yesterday about his death
and his problems with the appalling place in Broward
was also on Channel 4 News last night.
And obviously there were a few people that didn't have those problems.
But the margin was so lopsided one way or the other.
Plus, the media did a great job of convincing everybody in Broward
that they'd have a two or three hour wait that nobody showed up.
That was a good way to make sure that nobody,
and I'm not blaming any part of it.
And I'm just saying the media really screwed up big time.
Oh, it's going to be two or three hour waits
and they have two few machines and they've got two thousand more machines.
And it turns out that 35% of the people
are less in Broward showed up, 34%.
I think.
So there were no lines and there were no votes.
But that made no difference because it was a landslide.
Because this country is turning more and more to the right.
The guy that called yesterday who said there's more of us
than there are view, you're right.
You are right.
2000, that wasn't the case in the presidential election.
Now it absolutely is.
Don't ever, or ever, overestimate the intelligence
of the American electorate out there.
And of course, don't ever, overestimate the intelligence
of the Democratic Party.
Because like I told you yesterday, man, they had,
they had nothing.
They sat back and they cowered in the corner.
Well, we better not talk about this.
We better not attack the president.
Well, that's what you got.
You got nothing.
You got squat.
You got creamed, baby.
You got slaughtered.
Even ancient Walter Mondale.
Creamed.
So the problems have the Senate.
They got the House.
They got the White House.
They got the Supreme Court.
They got all these other judgeships
that they'll have to be able to confirm.
They got, they got it.
They got the country by the balls.
So that's our poll question.
What's your take on yesterday's election results?
I don't give a shmit.
I'm suicidal.
I'm ecstatic.
I'm ready to leave the country
or they're all a bunch of crooks.
Those are your choices on a poll.
Here's the facts from Rick, who says,
happy birthday of the yesterday's election in the debacle.
The only polls I'll be going to next time
will be the quarter poll or the eighth poll at Calder.
There you go.
Good choice, Rick.
Don't blame you.
Why do I waste the time?
You know, I'm a, uh,
what, and I haven't seen him in the morning for, uh,
Koon's age.
But I was channel surf in this morning,
and there he was with that, you know,
the dead man in a chair.
And I give him credit.
He was talking about the election
and about how CBS and Dan Reather
are so liberal and biased,
which he's right about that,
and about how CNN is just so obnoxious
all the way around and how they're
smug and whatever they say is the truth.
And then he also said,
which my ears really perked up,
just like, like this, my antenna.
He said, you know, as far as Fox News,
he said they're even worse.
He said they all want to be wearing sheets over there.
How do you like that, Heather?
He said all you people at Fox
ought to be wearing sheets,
and that's the newly conservative Don
I'm just in last years after his rehab.
After you had to give up the bottle,
all of a sudden he came back as a conservative.
But nevertheless, in spite of being a conservative,
nevertheless, he still says the people at Fox News
ought to be wearing sheets.
How do you like that?
Absolutely correct.
Always like that, I'm a,
you know, even when he was alive.
So that's the way the election came out.
I'm sure going to get a lot of calls today,
and you can call up and say,
Na na na na.
And do your usual childish thing.
We were like, like, Robert,
well, Robert,
no, he was pretty civilized about it.
He was too busy trying to referee,
you know, between what else was going on in there.
Trying to stay on the chair while he and Zach
were laughing their ass off.
See everybody,
am I the only one who's who picks up on that
that it seems like maybe they're just doing it
for my benefit when I'm around.
But it seems to me like all of the other people
I encounter in this building understand the stick.
They have a sense of humor.
Am I wrong about that?
No, not just in the building.
Everywhere we've ever been.
No, I'm not forget about outside the building.
I'm just talking about the current situation.
Oh, yeah, the current Moe situation.
Moe, it goes on.
The Moe, he becomes psychotic.
Yes.
And also, let me say this to you,
it's one thing even assuming his premise
about calling another network out of town radio show
is no big deal.
See, it's one thing to call in and make a comment
about the ball game or about whatever it is you,
the topic might be.
It's another thing to suck up and say,
oh, yeah, I listen to you guys every day.
See, they're the competitor.
Even for him, they're the competitor,
but that makes no difference.
Because that's not important.
What is important is to drive the stake
through the heart, to give the old twist
and give the stilch.
That's what's important.
So, one last time, I extend the hand of friendship
for this meeting that has been proposed that I proposed.
I suggested it.
Because I think that's the only way to clear the error.
We're going to have like World War four here.
Of course, I'm not going to be here most of the time anyway.
I'm busy going to that Martha Stewart class.
I still don't get that.
Do you?
No, not even the second time.
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T
If Ryzen Line the pull is up on yesterday's election,
is that thing working or not?
Because my vote is on it.
Or maybe they just don't care.
Or maybe they're hiding under the bed.
Our audience, a lot of them.
They're just in hiding now.
Maybe they're at the passport office.
Now, I don't think it's up there yet.
Well, Erica let us know.
W-D-Q-A-N.
I'd like to finish the meal.
I beg your pardon?
Happy birthday, still.
Thanks.
Oh, yeah.
I heard that little phone call there.
Yeah.
Read my lips in three months that guys gone.
You're going to run them out of the door here.
I'm not running and I see that's not the thing to say
because I'm not trying to win anybody out.
But that's his personality.
It's not you as him.
Yeah.
He can't take that kind of crap.
That's his problem.
You can hear it in his voice.
He gets all hyped up in his face.
He was hyped up on that call.
He was kind of scary.
I was worried for him.
I don't like the guy.
But anyway, that's beside the point.
Happy birthday.
It's great to hear you.
Let's fly to Amsterdam.
Let's blow a fat one over there.
Okay.
Although Josh Friedman never was my type.
5.6705.60.
Pound 5.60 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Why are we saying blow a fat one?
That pull going to be up or not.
Did Eric, do we have any idea?
Maybe they just have no interest in that thing now.
I don't know.
It's obviously not working.
WDQAM.
Yes, I was kind of finding out.
It's not show on still tonight that two in the morning
is fixed.
Is it still on?
You're overnight guys.
Yeah.
Okay, I was just curious.
And what else did you think about that?
This whole referendum was for George W.
He took it to the Democrats.
He went and campaigned and kicked their butts.
Don't you agree?
Yes.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
Okay.
Yeah, he did.
He did.
He raised a record amount of money.
He went out there and, you know,
whether you like him or don't, which I don't.
But he got the job done.
That's what it's all about.
It's not about the best interest of the public.
It's about partisan politics.
In spite of all this crap about, wow, that's your...
Baloney.
That's what it's all about.
Because they all represent special interests.
Democrats have got labor and they're special interests.
And the Republicans have got the oil people and whatever.
And that's what it's all about.
And the public, well, we're screwed no matter what.
Spatter what some of you might think.
We're screwed all the time.
Paul's working like I told you.
See, you're getting more like him all the time.
Like who?
What's your take on Tuesday's election needs?
Results needs.
I'm ready to leave the country.
Six.
There are all a bunch of quirks.
I'm suicidal too.
I'm ecstatic. One.
And I said, I don't give a shmit.
That's my vote.
I don't.
Doesn't surprise me.
South Dakota, by the way, is very close.
It's with like 100 and some votes.
The Senate raised in South Dakota.
Time dashes.
I'm trying to find some dead people.
Not too easy to make up votes in South Dakota.
Because when there's only like 80 people living a whole state
in the first place,
it's kind of like is conspicuous.
You know, when they start bringing in some ringers.
Unlike in this day, where we got like millions and millions.
And some of them actually are like citizens, you know?
Some of them actually alive and are still voting.
Well, you know, it's time to get it on.
WQ I am.
Yeah, on a national level, the Democrats
moved because of the partisan politics.
They don't want to get anything through.
They don't even want to put the budget through.
So I think they kind of hose themselves a little bit on that.
Yeah.
But that's the way it is, I guess.
That's the way it is.
And we have, I love you George Bush.
I love you.
George Bush.
This guy loves Bush.
Bush, Bush.
You got all the butch you can handle, man.
In your case, it also I like too much.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
I see I'm running these beads.
That's bad.
Why did I take these out of that package?
I don't even love beads.
I think we can have this so cold.
I'm going out.
Oh my God.
It's a good thing I didn't like pull the string on these when I was standing there.
I think that would have been the end.
I think that that piece would have flipped right off his head.
Come on, Mo.
Just lighten up a little bit.
It's quit being such a hard ass.
God.
Up until this moment, I never quite realized just the degree,
the extent of psychosis and paranoia.
Up until this moment, till you actually witness it yourself.
W-Q-A-M.
John Bob.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Nobody on 7?
I think it's the quiet guy.
Oh, the quiet guy.
And Rick Sanchez, also I'm as was ripping for the fact he was in the newsroom
with his sleeves all rolled up until somebody told him MSNBC made him do that.
But he said, boy, look like a jerk.
And I was thinking to myself, well, even with the sleeves rolled back down,
he still would look like a jerk being in there.
I mean, who the hell's Rick Sanchez?
What credibility has he got to be covered in an election?
You know, Rick Sanchez.
But the fixes in it, I don't mean fixed in terms of fixing the actual outcome,
but it's the deal is sealed.
And now we'll see what happens.
Now we'll see what kind of right-wing paranoian crap passes
for our government in this country.
And I'll say it again, we got nobody to blame but the Democrats.
Don't blame the Republicans.
They just went out there and did the best thing they could.
Grease as many palms as they could.
The Republicans didn't grease as many, raise enough money and they campaigned like crap.
That's what it boils down to.
All my Democratic friends out there, Altenia,
got nobody to blame but yourselves because they stunk.
They stunk the joint out.
And that guy that faxed me yesterday.
Remember at the beginning of the show,
oh Bill McBride's two points ahead.
Right, right.
Oh, it's a matter of fact, I think he won, didn't he?
He won Broward?
Not by as much as people thought but he won Broward but not too much.
Always, Immick Brides made and never Immick Bride.
27 after 9 at 560 WQA.
I'm let's face it, you've been hearing about fast rain for a long time.
Let's see if it makes sense for you.
You finger it out.
The facts are simple, if you have the dedication fast rain can provide you
with the necessary training to become a certified computer professional.
According to prestigious Time magazine and they know they're crap at time.
The demand for computer professionals will continue to get bigger and bigger and just explode,
like Moe just about did this morning.
The average student completes their training in four short months attending school three nights a week.
Once you've completed your certification fast rain can help you in obtaining
your new computer job and making some serious bucks.
And by the way, George, you ever look at a mirror and see how sloppy you dress?
Yeah, all the time.
Fast rain invites you to come and visit their train career counselor and determine which
track is ideal for you.
It might be what's that other track?
He's at Liberty Bell, another out of business track in Philadelphia.
Call fast rain 1-866 fast rain to set up an appointment.
They've got four convenient locations.
You'll find one near you.
I'm almost sure that they're in Miami.
Pemberpines for Lauderdale and now Kendall.
So there's got to be like I said one near where you live.
Don't forget to ask the career counselor for list of students just like yourself
who are currently in their dream jobs.
Call fast train at their toll free number 1-866 fast train.
That's 1-866 fast train or check them out on the web at fastrain.com.
You can be working in that new job before spring but you've got to make that call 1-866 fast train.
Is a butt- I smell it?
Uh oh.
I'm ready.
Box news Heather.
Oh, we really like to f**k you.
Oh yeah.
Box news Heather.
Oh, we really like to f**k you.
We really like to f**k you.
We really like to f**k you.
You're a fine looking fascist and a perfect little Nazi.
I want to build a company through your soil panties.
This smart thing news, looking slow gets sweet.
Flapping your lips like hand, cultures roast me.
Box news Heather.
Oh, we really like to f**k you.
Oh yeah.
Box news Heather.
Oh, we really like to f**k you.
We really like to f**k you.
You ever think about your adolescent?
To the bitch.
Uh huh.
You want to touch it three ways.
Sir, you'll be fine.
You're too empty for me now.
The little pink rose but between your funds.
I'll bet it tastes like bubble gum.
See you next time you need a story done.
Since it takes a thing for us to make you come.
Box news Heather.
Oh, we really like to f**k you.
Oh yeah.
Box news Heather.
Oh, we really like to f**k you.
Hi, 33 at 560 W.C.M.
You know what the Iman says?
Don't Iman says the people at Fox ought to be wearing sheets.
Maybe they're...
This is just a stupid.
Yeah, it could be.
I don't like that.
By the way, that drop in it's...
This is just a stupid.
Just a stupid.
I don't like that crowd noise in the back.
Well, it's from the game.
Don't like it.
102 votes on a pool.
What's your take on Tuesday's election results?
I'm ready to leave the country god damn it.
Point me in the right direction.
38.
They're all about your crooks.
27.
Does that crooks in...
Is it like Nixon would say I'm not a...
Yeah, I'm quote...
I'm ecstatic 16.
I'm suicidal 11.
I don't give a shmit 10.
That's a way to look at it.
Just be oblivious.
There's Trent Locke.
He's got her pom-poms out.
Executed.
They want a national energy park.
Yeah, they want this.
They want that.
I got news for it.
Issues had nothing to do with this election.
Nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
It was a goose stepping election.
That's right.
We're in war.
We're always going to be in war.
Therefore we have to like a goose step
behind our commander in chief,
our leader, our head said,
whatever it was so on.
And that's it.
That's all I was all about.
Plus the Democrats suck.
Everybody knows that now.
They suck.
Geb Hart was honest morning.
Man, I'll tell you.
It's a good thing his name is Dick,
because he sure is.
What up?
Between him and Tom Dashel,
I got to collect him.
Joseph Ganky looks like a Mexican jumping
being compared to those two.
Boring, bland, spineless, gutless.
Follow what I'm saying?
What are you saying?
I'm saying the Democrats lack leadership.
They lack charisma.
They lack excitement.
They lack platform.
They lack, they lack lustre.
That's exactly right.
Remember Mr. Custer?
They lack lustre.
I'd like some custard right now.
Some frozen almond fudge.
That does sound good.
From Don and Bob's.
Five, we're not getting any food in here.
I don't want to be eating.
Because if I don't quit eating until I get out of this place,
I'm going to like gain all that weight back
that I lost.
Remember how good I was doing there?
Right.
Now this is an eating place.
This is a goddamn food place.
It's a food pushing place.
I want out.
I want out of this place.
It's a food pushing place.
And then I can get out of my hair.
Oh, sorry.
Now seriously, I might have to do
though and luckily it's Wednesday.
We got the new and the one Wednesday comedy bit hour.
Thank the Lord for that.
Thank you.
Good.
Because I don't want to sit here and have to do
four solid hours of, and it's totally off the wall.
I thought we're going to sit here
and reminisce about the election yesterday.
Remember this about when we had a free country,
at least to some degree.
I'd like Monday.
But all of a sudden this guy,
and that guy that called you,
and O'Shaun Prabhakatura, whoever made that call.
But we were glad that we got it.
W-Q-I-N.
Hello.
Yes, sir?
Okay.
Jeff Bush broke the law last night at 630 at my house.
Yeah.
He made a solicitation call,
and he did not allow...
Okay, good.
They did not allow...
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And I think that was time, Dashal.
Wouldn't it sound like time a little bit?
Don't take it that hard time.
It's only an election, okay?
It's only our democracy.
It's only the Constitution.
It's all of our freedoms.
That's all it is.
Don't worry about it.
Just a guy with demolition.
America, these things aren't very important.
We had important stuff like ball games to worry about.
Now we're talking big hockey game tonight.
Marios coming to town.
Let's look on the bright side.
Leafs pulled one out of their ass.
Back to him.
Beatample last night, 4 to 3.
Alexander Mogilny, the hat trick.
Nice going, Ermo.
Alexander Mogilny.
Now you think if I call him Moe, he'd be upset.
I don't think so.
He might he might he might spear me a little bit,
but other than that,
love that Alexander Mogilny.
He demand.
So it was long ago that all those good things.
Let's concentrate.
Like Harvey Ruvon once told me when he was a Metro commissioner.
When during the Mirriela crisis,
when all the people were getting murdered all over town,
and when this place was like a toilet in Dave County,
even worth a now.
And I got him on my show and he says,
oh, no, let's not discuss all of those things.
Let's talk about the good things that are happening in Dave County.
Let's talk about the people that haven't got murdered yet.
Kind of like that, you know.
So let's look on the bright side like Monty Python would say.
Instead of being a bunch of sour pie all the time,
like some people around here.
WQAM.
Get ready for the cyclone B2, boy.
No, boy.
Good one.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes.
First of all, let me tell you your speech or your buddy speech on Monday
didn't help out the half cent tax down here.
So we're going to end up building that metro rail to Disney World.
No, because you mean Richard Friedman,
well, first of all, they never heard him get to the point
because after about the first 30 seconds, they were on a coma.
You know, he's a good guy, but they, you know,
puts everywhere to sleep.
Well, I think it's what is it?
188 miles we're going to build?
I don't know.
I have no, I don't know.
I don't, I don't consider myself with those things anymore.
And another thing is now that you're, now that you're going to make up with this character.
Well, wait, wait, I didn't say I'm making up with anybody.
I said, I was the one muffin.
I discussed and then Clarence thought it was a good idea.
Have a meeting kind of clear the air, me and George and Moe and them and Greg and,
you know, at a place where all we'd be safe like Lewis and the Bronx, you know, like that.
And sit, sit down and discuss, you know, air it out.
Because, you know, how can you possibly work together in an environment like this
where somebody is taking it also personal?
I mean, this is business and this man is taking it personal.
Oh, just in case, don't drink the coffee in the office.
And are you going to stop playing the skits?
Am I what?
Are you going to stop playing the skits?
No chance.
No great job.
Okay, have a great day.
Well, I'm not going to stop playing.
I said, you know what this reminds me of?
It's kind of like a non-political or a non-ethnic
Heather thing from Fox, where they try to make the big simmiss about,
oh, you're a racist because you're playing Kiss and Nigger good morning
and you're playing Condoleez and that stuff.
Uh, we're not racist anymore.
I am a racist, but like an average ordinary racist is supposed to like a virulent black hating
racist that calls people nigger stuff like that.
I don't do that.
Well, he's not in public.
I use that word.
No, I really don't.
Like if I'm in a drug...
I use it with great love with that seat.
No, I don't.
Like if I'm driving...
driving on a car and some black person is driving very, very badly,
I'll be screaming after they can hear me, which is a good thing.
But I'll be screaming, what's wrong with you crazy spook?
And there's nothing virulent meant by that.
It's just, uh, you know, just me being me, you know.
It'll say, what up, Mnigger?
Or like, or like if I'm old, brought, I talked about in the Cadillac day
with her Juke Nu, I'm screaming, you crazy old bitch!
Well, what does that guy do with anything?
Pointer reference.
But anyway, so it's, to me, I see it as the same way.
The bits that we're playing about him are no different than ones we play about me
or you or Josh Friedman or Fat Boy.
Ever have Fat Boy complain about this stuff?
They love it!
They love the attention!
He lost so hard, he might die.
Who? Fat Boy?
Oh, please.
Even if he don't laugh, he might die.
Let's, how's he doing?
Haven't seen him recently.
He's on the Walker?
Yeah.
He's on the Walker.
Of course, when you're on the Walker, it's hard to balance that ham sandwich,
you know, unless you've got one free hand.
And he's got one of the...
He's got one of the walkers that you're only holding the middle with one hand.
His Walker has a TV tray attachment.
Oh, man.
Poor Fat Boy.
We're pulling for you, Fat Boy.
You move way up and top it listed our, as far as this sales crowd.
Well, guess what I saw him taking the leak yesterday at the end of work?
Skippy.
Like that, he had no idea what that.
He doesn't know what plan he's on at, kid.
Skippy.
That's our sales crew for you, okay?
We got Adam, who's a good guy.
He comes in every morning, he's kind of boring, but a very good guy.
boring.
And then PD Lenny, that if we never saw him again, it would be much too soon.
Crazy person, certifiable.
Needs to be in a rubber room.
I need post-counter billboard.
Need post-counter billboard.
Where's your billboard?
Need post-counter billboard.
What kind of a place?
Hey, go find out what flavors I want, okay?
PD, go find out which flavors I'm getting.
Crazy person.
Anyway, no, we're not going to stop.
But the near-rodger show will continue being the near-rodger show.
And whether it's Heather or Moe or anybody else that don't have a sense of human eye,
that's not my fault.
That's not my problem, that's not my fault.
Sooner or later, you've got a light-nub a little bit, you know?
If we could all light-nub and look like Shamar Moe and the Heather Berry, Heather Lockhart.
Howdy-bear, did I say Heather Berry Lockhart?
Howdy-howdy-lockhart.
Well, I'm a little old and June Lockhart.
See, you put that in my mind because you mentioned me yesterday.
That's the Boston State.
When what's his name died?
Jonathan Harris.
Jonathan Harris, Rest in Peace.
He will be missed.
He will be missed.
He was great.
Just like Richard Harris will be missed, but not so much because we
heard from him too much lately.
19 till 10 at 560 WQM.
On a great Wednesday, don't forget noon to one.
It's all comedy bits.
And maybe today, what do you think?
Should we suspend playing any of those that are between noon to one?
No.
Hey, you know, we all have different needs because everybody's health is different.
Your body is different.
And that's why like sometimes you take antibiotics that are good for some people.
And some other people are allergic to them,
practically die from.
Well, the same is true with supplements.
All of you mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical
and suburbanate olive oil with vitamins, minerals,
herbals, other nutrients, specifically designed for different people.
Maybe you need some help with your blood pressure.
Maybe some other people need help with their mind, whatever.
And of course, they also have three new formulas.
One to help you sleep, one to help you control your weight,
and coque you, 10, which for my money is one of the best things for your heart you could ever take.
All of these products, using the benefits of the finest and purest olive oil
that money can buy.
I can just see all those little Italians stomping the olives with their feed.
It's fantastic.
All you mediterranean, exciting new product,
which you can pick up right now at Publix and Echards and Walgreens,
beware which Walgreens you can serve with because we'll get pissed off.
For more info call,
all you med toll free at 1-866-olio med.
That's 1-866-653-6633.
You can order their products and get more information on their website too at
oliomedamerica.com.
And if you visit Echards and Bionolio Med Production Day doorbroward,
you can get a coupon good for a free Larry Coker Bobblehead Dialos Supplies last.
And don't forget to visit their sampling provision at sports done every Sunday when the
fins are planned at home.
Boy, the dolphin fans are really sowing.
You know something they got a good deriison to be.
Pick up some free olio med samples and product information
start doing something for your health by popping olio med in your push real soon.
I am the whole.
This is sports when you're fighting.
You way up.
The bad date is quitsnith and glued.
Santana, you've heard him play his Grammy performance with Rob Thomas.
And on the latest hit with Michelle Branch.
Everybody wants Santana on their song.
So we've compiled a CE collection of every artist Santana has ever played with.
Like M&M.
Two straight apart girls all around the outside.
Round the outside.
Round the outside.
The Dixie Chicks.
Andrea Bacheli.
It's Santana's looks for everyone CD including unreleased tracks from Carlos and
John Tess.
But someday your journey will end.
I'll be there for you as well.
Yes, because if it's our plane,
horror who will play with anybody.
Except of course, Kelly Clarkson.
No way man.
Santana's licks for everyone.
Order now and receive a personalized bonus track where Santana plays your very own
breath-face song.
Happy breath day, dear Santana.
Call now.
Hey Santana, lick this.
After that smooth thing, man, it just turned me off.
You know, they were playing it like every 14 seconds.
That thing just was the biggest piece of crap.
If that would have been like,
I'm a Schmendrich down the street who would have done that.
Nobody would have ever even heard of it.
Much less played it.
But that's just one of them things.
169 votes on the pool.
What's your take on yesterday's lecture results?
The Republican sweeping.
Even Bobby Butterworth got beat.
Which may be not be all that bad.
Even Charlie Jesus Christ one is attorney general.
Do you want to want to bring back the chain gangs?
Let's get Sam Cook to sing the Working on the Chain Gang.
Yeah.
Oh man, what a place.
That's what you got to laugh.
You might as well laugh.
See, it's one thing about me.
I got a good sense of humor.
Some people I don't have any sense of humor.
And of course, it doesn't serve them well.
It does not serve them well.
169 votes.
I'm ready to leave the country 55.
They're all a bunch of crooks.
Which I think is the right answer.
By the way, they're all a bunch of crooks.
So what difference does it make?
Not Ralph Nader.
Now, he's too much of a schmuck to be a crook.
They're all a bunch of crooks 48.
I'm ecstatic 27.
I'm suicidal 24 and I'll give a schmit 15.
Let's see, I'm ecstatic 27.
I'm suicidal 24.
So that's just about like evens itself out.
I don't hear the sound of too many bodies dropping from the top floors.
You know, on the ground, people jumping off with tall buildings.
How is the market doing today?
Now, wouldn't you think the market would again continue
going zooming up after this tremendous Republican sweep?
Come on, you gray robbers.
I don't want to see no spider, man.
I want to see the goddamn numbers on there.
Jesus.
Buh, buh, buh.
When you think instead, oh, here you go.
That was up six.
I'm not very exciting, you know.
After they goasted way up the last few days,
now on an Azdaqs actually down fractually,
like almost the point.
Not nothing very exciting there.
You would have thought,
because it wasn't at midchhurst that told me back in 2000
that the market's wanted bush,
butch, butch, butch, and then it was going to go way up.
Just one more example of his being full of crap.
Thanks a lot, Mitch.
And by the way,
$250.
WQAM.
Yeah, I went to the polls.
No, okay.
WQAM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, think you might be able to play that call from the first team
where the guy asked about the surgeon and his two pay.
From the first team?
Well, whatever the morning show,
whatever the thing where the guy was talking to Mo
asking if the guy that did his two pay
was the same surgeon that did pump it out.
Yeah.
Would think you might be able to play that.
You mean the doctor thing about Jay Feedler's the surgeon?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You mean the one that goes in the doctor that performed the surgery on Jay Feedler's thumb?
Mm-hmm.
Isn't he the same doctor that performed the procedure on your QP?
Um,
the doctor who performed the surgery,
let's think about that.
What's his name?
Client?
Feedler's doctor?
Yeah.
I don't know who I don't know who he used.
He used George Colwell?
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure where he went.
I'm not sure where he went.
I'm not sure where he went.
Did he go to Holy Cross?
I didn't read it.
Not sure.
Well, bottom line is that the doctors can't tell how long Jay's going to be out.
No, you're not sure.
Somewhere at least a month could be up to eight weeks.
Somewhere in there.
Wally on the wall with your own QAM.
Hi Mo.
I'm sorry, I'm not Wally.
Uh, you know, you can't be so vain.
We're talking about Carly Simon,
that's how you can't be so vain when you're old and you're in a bad hair piece.
I mean, look, let's face it,
none of us are like fashion plates in this place.
We don't have other than Miguel and the name of a female in this building.
It's really great looking.
Carly.
Carolan.
Um, you better watch yourself, Mr.
I watch myself.
But yeah, you better take a look at the mirror before you leave a house in the morning.
But anyway, but other than that, we don't have like a lot of really beautiful people in this building.
People need to say, oh, look at that.
There's like a real beautiful hot person.
There's a real like fashion plate.
Most of the people come here dressed like slabs like we are today because
why it's a radio with television.
We're not telling.
We're not making some kind of a appearance.
We're not going out in sales like fat boy and having to put out a good appearance.
Or like PD Lenny, the the shovel PD Lenny, who looks like he just crawled from out of a dumpster.
I'll tell you one thing about PD man.
He sure is he is.
He makes me look like a snappy dresser and that's almost impossible.
Seriously, he is just I think he's going for comedy.
You think he sleeps in that crap or what?
He must.
So how can you possibly be vain when you get advanced in years when you get to be an old fart?
How can you be vain about your age and about all these things?
Just lighten up a little bit.
It's just a radio show.
It's a means to an end.
We're not going to change the world here.
Talking about some stupid ball game and about Ray Lucas did this and George Lucas said that and
Jerry Lucas did this.
Who cares?
You know, we're just trying to fumble our way through lives and do the best we can.
That's my motto.
Do the best you can.
Under very trying the circumstances.
But we just have a situation here and I don't know if you can change when you get to be at that
advanced stage.
You think it's possible for people to change and say no.
Well, you know something maybe you've got a point.
Now that I understand where you're really coming from because some people don't want to understand
where I'm coming from.
That's what bugs me.
Like Heather, she was a good example.
She started with an agenda and the agenda was to prove the point that I'm a virulent racist
and that liberals are all really racist and we're not going to help out the black folks
and you black folks stay home which in Broward, at least a lot of them did.
And everybody else too.
Nice job you folks in the media.
By the way, warning everybody there'd be a two or three hour wait to vote yesterday.
I'll say it again.
What's going to make any difference?
It's not an excuse, but it's just an inexcusable to be doing that.
Because you scared a lot of people away.
But at least we can say, look at this.
We're on blimmers today.
Florida didn't have any more embarrassments except who we elected governor and attorney general.
WQ I am.
Hey, Neil.
First of all, I want to say congratulations to you on what?
For having me tell them to the financial situation to get out of this country.
You're a very lucky person.
Yes, I am.
Second, um, we're on the growing up now these years.
I used to hear this slogan.
You never talk politics and religions at a bar.
And now I've become to realize that these two cops have so much similarities.
Unbelievable.
It's like people are just following people and you know, not even taking consideration.
Because you're a Republican.
You got to vote Republican.
Okay, even though he might be the right person for the job,
they are automatically vote for what their party is and not the right person.
And I'll put this really shows how ignorant and stupid this country is getting.
You should vote for the person that you think will do the best for your state.
Well, guess what?
Guess what?
Maybe there ain't no person who's going to do the best for our state.
How do you like that?
You're probably right about that.
Okay.
Just calm down a little bit.
Take a couple and call us some other day.
That's right.
See you.
Get out of here.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And by the way, that Jamaican guy, what else is his name?
That calls him over every morning.
I, he may still be listening to that.
And what the hell?
And I don't want to start interfering with that show because then I'll get some more crap thrown at me.
But I wish he'd call it other times than when I'm on my way to work.
Because he's interfering with my enjoyment of the Mojo.
Jer...
What the hell is his name?
Jerky, the Jamaican or Jamaican jerk chicken or whatever.
I don't know what his name is.
Every day I'm coming to work there he is.
There is the fish.
You know?
Let's get some new blood on here.
Let's get Moa number this month.
Maybe that'll make him feel better.
So maybe if it wasn't the beast fault, maybe it was my fault.
The number wasn't much much bigger.
I think that's it.
You're fired.
W-Q-I-N.
Yeah, okay.
Good one.
W-Q-I-N.
Hello, Neil.
Yes?
Hey, what's up?
It's Phil.
How you doing?
Phil?
Yeah.
Did you like my card?
Oh yeah.
Good, good.
Yeah.
I hope you need a lens.
Why?
We're starting to get our own chronics now.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know what?
Um, hey, did George give you the other pictures I sent you a while back?
I don't know.
He got them.
I don't know Phil.
Not interested in your pictures.
Don't take it personal, but I'm not interested.
Okay, no problem.
Hey, listen, I voted blue yesterday,
even though I knew we had no chance.
Right.
I still a wonder for it's my opinion.
Well, blue is the word being from
Reloves and Amsterdam.
I say I guess blue would be the word.
Yeah, blue for demo.
Blue this.
Uh-huh.
Anyways, as far as the poll, I'm suicidal and I'm living the country.
Okay.
Yeah, number two, Boka Bryant is a genius.
The Heather Song and the one you played yesterday,
I'm embarrassed to be an American.
Ha, that's really great.
Oh, and another thing about Boka.
Not like he's paying me to do this, but uh-
True.
Yeah, um, yeah, I got an autographed copy of his CD and it's great.
Okay, Phil.
In closing, Neil.
Yes.
Will you speak my monkey?
Toad scenes.
Toad scenes, do we?
Let's see if most of this marketplace one more time,
I will stop listening to a show, man.
Says Arnaldo.
Arnaldo in uh-
in Miami says I will stop listening.
He says marketplace one more time.
I never- never- never noticed that, but I'll start looking for it.
What's that you're making, guys name?
Bumbaclott.
No, no, Sam Sirius.
I mean, I don't know what you ought to be knowing your monitoring that's you every day.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
What's on the agenda today?
By the- it seems to me, by the way, since I'm accused of trying to undermine that show,
which is a lie, that it was the mad dog a couple of months ago who somebody asked him,
or maybe even on solicit, it said,
that's a bad show, referring to our morning show.
It's a New York show, two New York guys.
All they talk about is New York teams.
It's a New York show.
It's a bad show.
Now, maybe he's changed his mind on that.
You know what I'm saying?
The mad dog.
He's entitled to do that.
But he's the one that said that we're all entitled to give our opinions.
If somebody wants to come on and say this show is a show for morons or trained monkeys or whatever,
I have no problem with that.
Okay?
Anyway, what kind of he worked up about that?
Oh, because mad dogs on a schedule.
They're one to three.
And also, by the way, Mr. Mad Dog, I'm going to start on him.
Michigan State isn't interested in being a football power.
We don't care.
We got a lot of potheads and co-heads.
We don't care.
He was going on yesterday about, boy, if there's ever a sleeping giant
in a place that really could be the next big powerhouse if they were going to get the right person in there,
maybe we got more important things at Michigan State to worry about.
Like, you know, like learning something and getting expelled from school.
And getting drunk.
Things like that.
Getting laid.
As opposed to Michigan and Penn State.
And you know, you have them.
The same half doesn't, you know, football, professional jock-stiffing schools.
Anyway, Jim Maddich won Hank Olberg a three with Ira Winderman between four and five
Kila great hour.
Then we got the shittko panther preview between seven and seven thirty seven thirty panthers
in a penguins Mario's in town.
Eddie K. after the hockey game from GA and Joel and Mark overnight.
My mind and local.
Here's sports radio 560 healing.
UAM.
For David's the bitch.
And now the League of Retarded Citizens will perform their edition of Greenery and dirt.
Don't make fun.
They were very hard for this.
Dum Dum D Mmm Is Die Commander in the Dead House.
ten oh two five sixty w two i'm happy wednesday to you see i am getting
faxes from people out there like all you should be really depressed and
we're very sorry this happened on your birthday i'm not the am i depressed
you're just visiting but but seriously i'm not depressed i expected it i'm
one of the very few people predicted it was going to be a republican sweep i
predicted that right here on a show
you could feel it you could smell it you could smell the stench of the feet
coming from the
imputed democratic party who always when push comes to show they always seem to
be right there to let us down and they do they never disappoint they always
let you down and it's not going to make a big difference anyway because the
country is goose stepping right behind his president right on a road to
armageddon and we're going to have a hell of a good time
234 votes on air what's your take on yesterday's election results
i'm ready to leave the country seventy four they're all about your crooks
sixty two right on i'm ecstatic forty five i'm slish mint eighteen i don't
give a good fine crap good for you
wq i m
new i'm going to have you be late at birthday my friend thanks
new yeah i love you to death my friend
the other thing is i'm going to count a fuck them
like i said five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line
let's see how do we do that operation
what are the doctors saying what's the doctor's name
wq a m hello yes oh hello
in a hole well your phone is sound like are you underwater
bathroom i'm bathing a dog that i'm i'm you hear i hear you but it sounds like
you're not bathing the dog it sounds like you're in the tub underneath but
anyway go ahead do your best
i just want to
in the
tobacco yesterday you know the public and stuff on my husband because he lost his
but his range of registration card and they wouldn't let him vote yeah
so it's his fault everything else is
i also wanted to thank your station for running
one time for running what kind of commercial your station ran a commercial
yesterday
for uh so i just explored a panthers dot com you can download a half price coupon
for the nice game
yes i'm going to do it else i'll see you there
yeah and uh third thing is you know already strata
oh yeah yeah like he's coming back tonight yeah so our boy i love him
um you said uh something about uh rainbows is an adjor's
movement reminded me do you think the Cubans are going to boycott
Steven Spielberg's movies now because he's in Cuba yes i'm
hope okay how does it even do a good job there wash it off clean five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on a year well she was in the bathroom she's
being a dog and a speaker phone and it sounded bad but i wasn't gonna like
chopper off it was better than him from one of those
chronic again like that Jamaican oh Jamaican Paul that's that guy's name just
you know what i'm talking about yeah every day with oh my god
i blame Robert Grieper for that well we're trying to get even for that
election you know Robert's okay although he better watch himself him and zack
were like rolling on the floor during that call this morning there
were out of control of course luckily the focus of the other party there was
all directed toward me so he didn't see them rolling around in the chair
wd q a m
come on
wd q a m
nil yes sir you know i'm driving in my car running 53 this morning
and that dog wicker Howard David what's that stuff with that that guy in the
control room that he he hears me i mean you got chunks of that guy in your
school man why don't you just play 24 hours a day seven days a week for the
next month good more skits and then i'll listen to the rest of my life okay that's
a new format all mo all day the mo we hear at the mo we like it
mo for you money the mo we plan the mo they listen here's the facts from
gary who says good morning sir your birthday to fall in a connoir conversion
to weight theocracy see i had a fine birthday i have no problem with uh you
know i wasn't really excited about the turnout but that's what i expected
could you explain how the morons in the state could vote for an amendment that
reduces class sizes and for a toughster's got the biggest plans to undo it
well they don't care see see that's the deal the people go out there and they say well
i'll pretend i really care about education which they don't
if the people in the state ever cared about education we wouldn't be like
sucking wind and right down there with Mississippi is the last and next to
last in every category they never cared about it and they don't care about it
now but it just sounds good it's definitely politically correct to say
oh our number one issue is education right give me a break
so they vote for it and then of course they know it's not going to happen because
he's going to make them sure it doesn't happen and the kids will be still
going to school in portapoddies and uh you know all these other places with no
air conditioning in the summertime it'll be great just like it always has been
which is another reason why nobody under the age of a hundred ought to be living
here because people are at an over the age of a hundred don't have little kids
going to school and we could just close down all the schools
close down the schools and build more schools bring some more old Jews down
right right on
five six seven i'm just you know i'm not going to get all whipped up to a
frenzy about it i'm not i've got good article here by Thomas Frieden and the
American idol about Bill Clinton and the Germans and the way they admire him
and the reasons why i'll save it i think for tomorrow
Gord Vidal says oil thirst behind bush policies but i'll save that for
tomorrow also because today i just want to sit here and yank on my
um
in love beads
yank on my beads those are the biggest beads i ever saw the way
well we got a lot of people around here with a big
rectum okay so maybe that's the reason
WQIM
hello yes sir
Neil yes
hello to both you and George always a pleasure to listen to you guys
a couple comments on our fantastic collection
i think you were right i don't think the democrats had much to say
they didn't seem to uh do any acting they just reacted to republican stuff
they voted against them in the president and they got out of step with the
mainstream who is behind our what's the president so i i guess if you're going to go out
and slam the president vote against everything the president does when the
president's the most popular president we've had it a long time
you're gonna get thrown out of office i don't know you have to present an alternative
they could say the economy was a disaster and they presented no alternative
accurate did they reacted they didn't act they didn't say hey just to say the
economy isn't a mess and we're in another recession and then not have any
alternative what you're gonna do about it that doesn't convince too many people
exactly they simply said no we don't like what president's doing so we're gonna vote
again and you know and you know why they didn't do it because they were scared if
you're running scared you're gonna lose no actually these are the same people
who right now go for president a couple of years ago
now i don't like bush i really find them just faithful to religious crap and all
those other yes well you know you know i'm coming from
take a look but i i'm not real afraid of with how al-Gore who ran for president could have
been stupid enough to have come in at a time when the economy was good enough
and you know everything was cool and how did he manage to lose well you got to be pretty
stupid to have lost against George w bush absolutely correct that's right that's right
it's called snatching the feet from the jaws of victory that's right yeah okay and and what happened
this time with and your notice and your notice here is one of the most popular presidents in history
that he didn't want to campaign with him in like Arkansas and the Clintons home state and want
to blues now just about they hold deep south as a result of it so the guy spilled a little
semen on a blue dress yeah he still was a great brilliant president good guy and well like didn't
respect it yes now so now we have nine eleven come along and bush whether we like him or don't
like him he held me at least as well as gore would have handled things no and so he comes across as a
strong protect america kind of a guy no he doesn't we look look let me say this yeah see no you're
making it much too complicated if issues like that would have been important like here in florida
we just had to vote loads of Haitians it showed very clearly that this whole thing about
homeland security is just like the dog and pony show they're doing it to airports we're not safe
well there's no homeland security it's just it's just a dog and pony show for the public so to
suggest that is because he's doing such a great job and who are in terrorism where we haven't caught
Osama we haven't caught this one I mean that's not the issue has nothing to do with it issues had
nothing to do with it the fact is the democrats came across this weak need and impotent and they lost
but now take the McBride situation you're posing yes yes you are I'm gonna run I'm sorry but here's
the deal with McBride McBride comes up and makes some announcement that I've got this plan for
better education for the kids and we're gonna blah blah blah and then somebody says where's this
money going to come from dude and he goes yeah he comes up with an answer that a third grade math
student can figure out wrong then the same electorate who votes against McBride who wants more education
votes for a constitutional amendment that's going to raise our tax right right right and you know
what and you'll agree with me on this I know you maybe you're brilliant you're brilliant yeah
yeah in closing yes in closing lousy parenting causes lousy grades good kids from good families whose
parents care get good grades in our crappy school and the kids who come from cockroach families don't
do too well in school and the parents don't I say let's put them all in a goddamn pup 10 forget the
air conditioning forget about anything else and the textbooks and have a great day boy pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop
he was worked up like Denise pot fan only a little more articulate it's 11 out there 10 at 560 WQM
hey if that bald spot is getting to be a real sore point with you know because a lot of you guys
are vain and a lot of you guys also aren't getting laid at all and a lot of guys out there just start
getting ahead in life they're getting ahead while the answer is have some here believe me we got
people around here are just obsessed with here if you are get some hair from Charles off eerie
because at least if you're gonna put something on your head make sure it looks natural and looks good
and that's the key the natural hairline system looks like it's the real thing like it's grown right
out of your scalp not like some grotesque animal from outer space oh by the way how about that
small for last night from outer space dot in your head well that really must have been a small
spaceship you know because John just picked that thing up and put it right on the back of the
pickup right well it was that lightweight metal you know from krypton I see kind of like my glasses
maybe it was titanium or maybe it was part of the titanium and anyway here's the deal call Charlie
Alphairry what they'll do is they bring you in there they'll set up a consultation no obligation
and they'll sit your ass down and show you just how much how the system works and how much better
and younger you guys can look and how they can make your ball spot disappear forever got nothing
loose but that ugly grotesque shiny spot on your head call toll free 1 800 321 24 13
mention the arranger save an extra 200 bucks off the regular price 1 800 321 24 13 and get
them here back today or check them out of the web at Charles Alphairry dot com
my my and look all this is for real by city my junior honey
they keep on coming
there is a girl in extra wide jeans a girl who's head weighs a ton
and she's living with the women and the funny play toys in the house of the lives
we all in the first I need a little pot when she was young at a restaurant with a boy he didn't know
that she was gay until he noticed each time they went out she went for the seafood buffet
just look at all those in steak sisters now just look what they have done
Jesus Christ the minute she comes home from work to the door well off her pants she's come
oh wait a moment she laid it down to stop publishing the rosy mag left a laid off staff not paid
and rose is girlfriend who's pregnant right now I guess she just only got laid
there is a girl with extra wide jeans entertainer she's become
home and she goes by the name of rosy oh dee in the house of the lesbians
10 18 at 5 60 w 2 m here's the facts from oh Dave the cop well I haven't heard from him
in a long time and that's good thing I guess he's faxing out not calling good he says
Clinton departure from the White House caused a terrible leadership vacuum
Minnesota was lost to fence itters after that ridiculous funeral service pep rally for
wellstone the democrats turned off everyone well I'll say it again and I don't doubt that that
had quite a bit of impact but if that's if that's the and supposedly Minnesota they're like
intellectual you know they're educated they're better than the rest of us if that's the
effect that's going to decide what you're going to cast your vote on then wife bother well look
at mark prior in the Arkansas chalk up up with the democrats that was about it that was the only one
and every other single close raise at least South Dakota still like a progress I think within
100 votes they're not finished that looks like the republican there may eek it out or not tune
but all the other close ones carnahan amazari she just barely got beat and then of course
Catherine towns and Kennedy and Maryland I'm going to tell you to show how you put into the
democrats were and not only was your name Kennedy and she got beat but this is in a state
Maryland where it's against a lot of you republican I think I mean no republicans ever win in
Maryland but she managed to again grasping defeat from the jaws of victory and what what
qualification did she have anyway to be governor she was no spiral anus 287 votes on a poll what's
your take on Tuesday's election I we're having a party we're so excited about it tons him coming
yes he is Wayne Arnold is coming today that's right we're tossing aside our sack and we're bringing
out the older good stuff have a little celebration here from Wayne Arnold's Royal Castle and our good
buddy Hudson who whips up a mean newly burger with her without cheese who's that in the door whether
some communist who is that it's Pete it's her best friend PD Lenny yes hey go put some real close
on okay will you just come back those things stink I guarantee he sleeps in that thing whatever
that that suit maybe Greg can make him a deal or the trade out for some good suits probably
spoilers image you better look at the mirror before you leave the house in the morning Pete I don't
where we going line nine I'm so confused with this phone thing now you know although the show
is just taken off like crazy that we're taking calls again I tried to tell Tom jikoman this idea of
yours and not taking calls it sucks Tom wq I am yeah yes sir how you doing pretty good good news
according to ABC news 10 johns and the democrats out the code is ahead by 500 votes all right
and it's 100% precinct reporting well there you go see we pulled one out of our ass but you know
you know who feels better about that dash on dash actually saying oh my god is this embarrassing
that's like when gore lost Tennessee you know right safe face but you're confusing a sweep or
you know control of Congress with the landslides I mean if this is a mixed election this wasn't a
sweep of land no no the country is the country is divided right down the middle but but see the
thing of it isn't election as you know it it's like a horse race in a race horse race you don't
have to win by three lengths to be the winner and the same in election if you win by 10 votes or if
you fix it by 500 you're the winner so you don't have to have a sweep in addition to which all the
power goes on the basis of a number of people in the congress it's got nothing to do with how many votes
they won by well the problem with the democrats is that they're trying to be like republicans it's
me too is I'm trying to imitate them instead of why I said that yesterday I said that back in
the early eighties Reagan and that was when they first started this with their good right wing
brought again Christian friends is to make the word liberal a dirty word so all of us on the
spineless democrats all almost all of them back the way from it oh yeah we're not liberal and they
try to be more and more centrist and less and less liberal and that's a pile of crap what's wrong
with being liberal but the problem is they're not offering an attractive alternative right what is
their message they have no message that's correct and and you know unless they do that they're
going to continue to lose now as far as 2004 I see it as Kerry and Robert Rubin the former
ex-chargerry secretary how about Ellis Rubin I think Robert Rubin the vice presidential nominee
the strongest can strongest ticket well I wouldn't I wouldn't be planning that far ahead the way
that the this administration is going you know where on that road armageddon we might get there
before 2000 or so but the democrats nominate Al Gore my guy oh no see now now we may have to cancel
that order for lunch now you just spoiled my day a little bit please don't say that I love that
um that Fox News Heather bit that is just that is the great well you'll be hearing at least
to 20 30 times no how about 30 40 times okay you got it all right Neil see you yeah he's right if they
now so Tim Johnson pulls it out of his ass in South Dakota the democrats must have found a couple
hundred dead people well you know it's easy to find in South Dakota because there's so much open
space I never been there have you been in there South Dakota yeah I've been through there think
it's in badlands the band of North Dakota which is featureless oh a blank plane
kind of like the everglades no no the elder everglades has some animals and character well so
so what is it now instead let me do my math let's see 48 now that's all right is it 51
I think that's right 51 48 and one the independent they keep showing it over and over again well
no they they but they just change it because if South Dakota went to the democrats if he pulled it
that was close as a witches tight as a witches ass Alaska look at that Stevens well who cares
about them up there anyway you know we're gonna screw them up five six seven oh five sixty
they'll be seven on five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line we're gonna send grace
slick up there first and then the world slick wq I am how you doing sir no I'm good kind of
you know your birthday will forever be remembered as black Tuesday but you had a good birthday and
well you know when you get to be 60 I think in more ways than one you're right yeah um you know I've
been pondering this whole situation and I think you're right you can't get too bent out of shape
because uh the republic republicans control this and it you know the senate's moderating force
in the in the congress anyway um while the right wingers are unable to get a lot of their stuff
on a mandatory not to mention of course those right wing judges baby but that that is the scary
thing though is that they might be able to get some of those wackos through now because of the
majority that's the thing yeah so just don't get caught doing anything bad on a federal level oh man
you're gonna get fried or fried do a chain gang I now forget about doing anything I wouldn't be
thinking about anything bad would be I think the thought police escorts working on the thought
yeah you know you're turning the like you like that thing in Delaware where they are
resting if they think that you're if they believe you're thinking about committing a crime
oh yeah sure and that's true that's in debt and the state of debt filing yeah well what is
this East Germany are they the stasi how do they know we're you know what people are they know
mr don't be asking any questions they know they have they it's kind of like Santa Claus they know
who's been naughty and nice they've been checking the list twice okay well despite all this mess I
think the best attitude to take is probably like Nero while Rome was burning just play the liar
in line I got my strativarius right now I'm filling on it and have a great day I'm playing a tune
I'm I straight away I'm like I'm I ain't a love beads and my straight away sorry like that fat
boys wampin down the hall there with his walker with his that's got a TV trainer walker I like
that probably only got a murder you can hear him coming from a mile away that's what they say
treasure island squirt squirt five six seven oh five sixty maybe it's just the grunting and
groaning I guess I might have something to do with it well when you weigh 600 pounds I got to
play that the rosy thing again not the one I just played the other one I got a day without that
it's like a day without sunshine that's what an idiot would say by the way see Bob Kuntz Kuntz got
some votes do you see that no I didn't yeah let's see he got 1% in the
brown oh yeah yeah 3700 and 1 day and 2300 and brown yeah damn good thing it wasn't a close
selection damn good thing you silly faggets out there voting for somebody just because he's a
professional fag and we're running for political office all his life and sit again a reasonable job
and doing something useful with his life and running around peddling bumper stickers on street
corners forever that's that's a life that's a freaking life Bob Kuntz 26 past 10 at 560 WDQM don't
forget the mad dogs coming at one and then we got the hump or a three with Ira Winderman for
if you don't like NBA listen anyway Hank needs your help and then at 7 o'clock we got the
shittko panther preview 730 panthers and the penguins those penguins marios and town Marty
stracka back in the lineup tonight pretty sad when you go to see your local team because they're
playing somebody interesting in it because our local team who and then Eddie K after the hockey
game our boy from g.a. Joe and Mark the dirty boys overnight to be consorting with their
pals hey let me tell you about a great place to go we're gonna have a feast for lunch here not as
big as the feast you can have yourself at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet I'm not talking about a meal
I'm talking about a real honest of goodness down home feast I mean you go in there and you can
eat and eat and they do the people who go in there they go back and they don't mind because that's
what it's all about the best Chinese buffet you'll find in the universe even better than that
crispy beef I had in Toronto with rumour in sunrise north by me beach and newest location in
pember pine start out your mouthwatering experience with one or all of six different fantastic soups
they've got dozens and dozens of entrees oriental and all kinds of other good stuff too and of course
featuring oriental surf and turf on weekends and New York strip steak made to order at the
gourmet center a sizzling Asian grill featuring all of these things teriyaki steak shrimp chicken seafood
and hand crab a hand-carb prime rib the Emerald Coast also doesn't use any crafters no MSG and they use
only cholesterol free oils and all of their cooking too and there were faith features a full
salad bar a new sushi bar and fresh shrimp cocktail too maybe you're ready to Greg there sometime
because he likes that sushi man he likes having food that looks back at you one requirement try to
save some room for dessert they got pies and cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings
and fresh fruit they even always be having watermelon over there for you folks they'd be like in
your watermelon it's an unforgettable meal an unforgettable feast at the Emerald Coast like I
said three locations there's no costellar just came in from fresh from consorting you'll find them
in sunrise pylon out of the 44th street Collins Avenue just north of 163rd north Miami Beach and at
the intersection of Flamenco and Pemberg Road in most prestigious Pemberg Pines take out
livery to call 9545723822 9545723822 why do their browsing through the 8000 different selections
look for the new oriental chicken salad to it the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet
my and look this is 4256
could can't keep us tucker in his pan you should have supported your own station well i don't
i don't understand well hold it hold it what is one thing i don't understand well one thing has to
do with another i'm on a network show that happens to be carried on another station in the marketplace
also so thanks you go on everybody's show opposite yours at the same time you think can't you go
on their station when you're on here if Hank Goldberg appears in another radio program that
happens to be carried in the marketplace it's a network show and it happens to be on opposite me i
don't give a damn about that right why would i care about why does that matter
go competition in numbers Howard you know the business you know how it works i just don't think you
want to support Neil Rogers well now you're bringing up something that's completely different no i
think that's why i think that's the biggest problem you got you don't like Neil Rogers and you
that you wanted to go opposite of him and you really didn't care who you offended well what what
one of the one on i tell you what since the man is standing in the controller right now what is
the Neil Rogers tell you since the day i walked since the day i walked into this place he's done
everything he can undermine this program since when i'm getting down a bit brass tax i'll
look him right in the eye and tell him right now to his face yeah i think you brought some of that
on yourself you blamed why might be even bother arguing whether i'm appearing on a network show
what the hell is that i have to do with anything and if the object is to get me pissed off didn't trust
me when i tell you didn't think 53 at qlm you never know who will call to any Bruno on 940 fox sports
radio our david voice of the Miami job and you don't need the shame was plug when i listen to you
guys every day you guys doing a hell of a job it's fun to listen to and oh Brian i mean the whole
thing you guys is doing there's great what did i hear that right back up the page by listening
you guys every day you guys doing a hell of a job it's fun to listen to and oh Brian i mean the
whole thing you guys is doing there's great wow even mohauer david listens to toni bruno on 940 fox sports
radio exactly i'm 33 at 560 wqm little a concert of hums this morning she was a bad move whoever left
that door in there to control her might open that's that was a bad move let's see what you're
ugly scene oh you hadn't heard that yet Tommy oh Tommy's wearing his rank catcher hat again today
maybe the lower is worse than october 2 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon see how Joe
just gets up and walks out he don't want to be stuck in the middle because he's the he's the main
man he's the top it doesn't care i'm not talking about Tommy i'm talking about Joe forget about Tommy
he's small potatoes anyway 333 votes which were halfway to 666 what's your take on yesterday's
election results is the democratic party once again laid a big fat egg i'm ready to leave the
country 101 there are a bunch of crooks 95 what times let's come in by the way i'm stir
hour i'm ecstatic 70 i'm a suicidal 41 and i don't give a shmit 26 how do you like that
so anyway we're working on that meeting for louise in the Bronx not right away but down the road
a little bit you know you got the word yeah well i got a friend there at the appricant that
wq i m no yes ma'am hey i love your show i always listen to it yeah i have i need to touch a
three points with you touch a row one one of the things that uh that we probably why are you
whispering i see okay one of the things that the republicans have their advantages that the
platform they build together they're not divided and democrat hard i mean inside the democratic
party well if that's the case then how come there were so many republicans against the
uh invading a rack well so many i don't know but let me just tell you that there is a lot
the democrat party is yeah and how about Richard shelby who's the head of the uh you have become
from different sections we have the liberal we have a nine no but how come Richard shelby was uh
screaming and yelling about the incompetence of the c i in the fb i and about the poor job the
administration did uh before but you go ahead i agree with you but he's a republican let me just
tell you something well you just went up holding the big back now there are a whole bunch of
but anyway go ahead i mean you know i mean the way i see it is that the republican party is super super
they have their platform they know what they they talk about the democrats we don't have help
anybody the media it's just pounding at us and another thing is that the republicans have so
much money i mean so much money unfortunately this election was decided ever since they had that
cheatsayla pennies the fox news people have a lot more dangerous too well yeah and you know what i
mean this people have the their packet to fill with money but like bright lost it wasn't because he
wasn't a good candidate he was it's just that he did not have money he ran a pretty crappy campaign
and the caller before was right the second debate that was what cooked his goose yeah thanks to
team rasser which i lost totally my respect for him i mean team rasser pounded my bride and he
gave it in the air to the slide to jump bush if you remember if you remember i didn't watch it
i'm why what i watched the debates what i already knew who i was going to vote for why did i
which i didn't vote anyway what i bother doing it today is a sad day is it is really no it's not yes it
is why it is why is it a sad day it is i mean the democrats i mean they didn't go out on vote
don't you understand that the both political parties stink don't you understand that i don't think
we're screwed the average person in this country is screwed in tattooed i don't think so i think
the democrats have been doing a good job i'm doing what well by promoting i'm losing every key
election uh you know under the sun well thanks to the media that day every time that we want to
open our mouth and talk about the economy nobody wants to look at it they haven't wanted to open
their mouth and talk about the economy they don't have any plan for the economy all they
want to do is say the tax cuts were bad and screwed us up and put us in a recession but they have
no alternative they haven't brought us anything to the table bring it to the table maybe
mavel black label bring it to my table but thanks for the call she's she's too worked up for me i don't
want to get all depressed she's depressed i understand that it's not like a football game okay see
too many people view politics and republicans and we know the democrats all a bunch of crooks like
that poll says there look at a hundred and three twenty nine percent of the people in this audience
say what difference does it make her all a bunch of crooks anyway and they're right it's just that
some crooks are a little more dangerous than the other ones but they're all a bunch of crooks
and this business and i guess it worked in new jersey okay but this business up there
Minnesota we're gonna you know dust the water out of the moth balls and bring them out
didn't work too good i thought he was pretty good in that debate the other day when i saw of it but
you know the problem is people don't listen to the substance uh that's that's america for you when
you're dealing with so many stupid people it's the sizzle not the substance that's right all they
want to see is oh this uh this norm quote man guy he looks like he's under the age of a hundred
and he's still alive and can maybe walk a little bit wilder he looks like he he uh is em bombed
he looks like they just turned him loose from madam to soswax museum like i said he looked 74
going on 104 he he did he didn't look uh that plus his speak barely speak you know not not in his
positions or his politics and just not going to affect it plus of course remember where's the beef
yeah that was how mean it was a good line but it was a you know didn't do too good against Ronnie
Ray gun didn't do this uh stop and think about the great choices the american public sat in these
presidential elections i'm not that we had one but it just in general stop and think about him
Michael de caucus in george johurber walker bush oh water mondayl and roggle ragan
jimmy Carter and ronald ragan al gore and george dohyah uh uh uh uh uh lush
don't forget on the state level either uh i understand that but that's what it boils down to
that's why people say well it's the less or a two evils well what kind of a god damn country is that
there's mondayl i'm on his success yeah okay water good luck to
poor water i mean i like water mondayl i think he's a pretty good guy but he's four hundred
years old, you know, it doesn't work too well. What were they going to do? They had to
they were desperate. And then of course some people are going to say, we know that plane
crash is awfully suspicious. I don't think so. But there will be some paranoid assholes
who will say that. Some people make comedy bits about that. And they will not get played
on the show. And certainly not too late to stop that check. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5,
60 on the 8th. Oh, it is to late on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I'm sure he
don't waste any time. The book of myster. He's all right. There's that money store right
over here. I'm sure he goes there right on the way back up the Hershey highway. On the
way back up the Ho Chi Minh Trail. So that's good. That at least offers me some hope. The
fact that there's an open door to this meeting so we can kind of clear the ear a little
bit. Well, there's certain things that are musty in this place. That's a good reason I'm
getting out of here fairly soon. It's kind of musty. Some hair pieces, little musty
that Kajmer bouquet. Who else was it that came in a few days ago and smelled? Shirk my
hand. Somebody I like. But smelled my hand all day long. It was, oh, God, I wanted
to take a shower. Who was that? It was a few days ago. Someone came in here. I hadn't
seen in quite a while. For a strafford. No, he don't smell like the crow. People that
have been in there. The crow might have been. And you know something who was sitting in
there with the day the crow was in with the Carlos me. Carlos also I think was somebody
was in there. Okay. Yeah. That's right. When I said do you see what I'm saying? Nobody
ever believed me about that. He I think he like jumps into a tub of Kajmer bouquet before
he leaves the house every day to crow. Sure. A lot quicker and taken a shower. Twenty
me four eleven and five sixty WQM. Let me tell you a great place you want to go and hang
on. In fact, this would be a great place to go tonight. Get away from all the stress
of yesterday's election. Pompadot Park. Go and plunge your guts out, baby. Lose thousands
or maybe win thousands, whatever. Pompadot Park is open for live harness racing every
Wednesday Friday and Saturday three nights a week. Don't forget the earlier new post
time 715 PM. Free general parking, free clubhouse and grandstand emission every afternoon
night. So come on for an evening or great harness racing action. And don't forget on the
fourth floor you can treat yourself to a private box or enjoy a Ben and Jerry's hot
foot Sunday or slides of bubble lotty's pizza, slides of pizza. And don't forget every
Wednesday like tonight is dollar night. You can get you a draft beer hot dog soda
large pretzel or popcorn for only a bucket piece. And Pompadot Park's excellent top of
the park restaurant on the sixth floor is open every live race United, including tonight
for fine dining featuring chef Kirk Lade's nightly specials and the best seafood steaks
and primer dinners in town. I eat there. It's in even I need a watch as enjoy eating.
It's a even I even a fat old bag like me enjoy eating there. And of course I eat for free.
So I like it even more every seated at the top of the park restaurant offers a panoramic
view of the races with a private TV monitor. Oh look at that. Looks like Mickey McNichols
coming out of stretch. He'll finish fourth again. There's also that great all you can
eat for fan to fourth floor players. Long journey 1095 per person every racing night.
Of course, but it comes to simulcasting every day nights, starting at noon, seven days
a week Pompadot Park's got to go in for you with highlight harness and terberad racing
action. So for a great night away from all the tourists and the stressing grief, take
the whole gang out for a great night tonight. Get lucky at Pompadot Park. Powerline road
block south of prestigious Atlantic Boulevard in Pompino B.
Five and a local. This is five sixty. The rain is all yours.
You and Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Roger.
I know a way to do it from our good friends at Winkercark to travel. Aspin Colorado. That's
the place to go if you like skiing. Imagine for a moment you're on the slope. You put
your knees together, bend slightly forwards and then you grab your pole while you put
the other hand on the edge of the table.
This is unacceptable. We wrote this. I think it was time.
I'm not Mr. Sipkod. I know who's responsible for this sabotage. This is the heavy work
that I thank you to Poof in that train guamal of a monkey of his. Well the jokes on
them. Well have you know I got connections in New York.
You'll see you now. Godfather what do you know what do you say?
My most because the dreams friends what can I do for you on the day of my
thought as a portion. I am here to the man that you grant me a favor. I want a sink
in a head on Neil Roger. What have I done to be treated with such
disrespect? Well Godfather the end of my rope. Every day they got me raked. Using my
name in vain and just making fun of my veins. I said no it's in here. I'm weak and
I'm not like that. You know who I am. You're a man who deserves respect. So here's
a ticket to Vegas. Vegas. Get me free. I already live in paradise. I ask you don't
talk to a man like Boat with like that. I want you to take care of our friend Mr.
Mo over here. Sure Pop. Okay take your pants off fella. Let me show you a good
time. Could you hands off me a big dummy? I ain't dumb. Goddum you stupid. Yeah but not
like they say. Give me a hand here where you look up. I am on a day break. Have a
towel in the smile. They keep a quiet day. You know. You got to take the
algunos drugstore all paint does not always sit back.
Nobody should have gone since we moved. I just did. One step further I will
take care of that. I just do still some of the different patterns. I'm going to
is the QA MV that we're going to make it up to Palm Beach, you know that you're
number one in your time slot up here unless that's big Georgia doing a show. Well
thanks a lot Uncle Bill, Swiss said I'm number one unless you're doing a show. Maybe
they just don't like Spix and Roll Palm Beach. That's alright, they're on their way.
Okay so you guys who think you're so smart up there, they're on their way. Here's a
great cartoon from one of our regular cartooning factors. So it was the
capital building for the big sign that says Arbite Moth Fry with the Gates in
front of it and here's a little character. It looks kind of like Dr. Mangal that
may walking with his GOP satchel on this way. It says Bill Common New Congress.
Well that's where it goes. Good luck to all you who live in the US. Here's a
poll where I don't think I'm gonna take the time to read this long faction. The
poll worker and Broward is upset with that nice lady that was Washington or
Dogg. I'll just read this part. To the dog washing bitch who called and said they
wouldn't let her husband vote. F you and your husband. We've been over back
way to make sure everyone could legally vote at our precinct. When we had people
come in here we're not registered to vote at our precinct. So we had a
sentence of precinct where they were registered. We had people come in who had
already requested an absentee ballot. You can't let them vote again. There are
procedures to follow a yachty-a yachty-a yachty and closing the new head of their
fox bit and it kills me so it's so goddamn funny. Poll worker and Broward.
Well I stopped there. They had a really pretty good a good job. I made a couple of
complaints earlier yesterday which had nothing to do with the poll workers. I
did with a couple of malfunctioning machines but nevertheless I mean why
nitpick about that? So you voted for McBride and it showed up bush you know. Why
get excited about that? Maybe there were only like two three hundred thousand
machines like that but I doubt it. Now the fix was already in because McBride stuck
his foot down his throat. Unprepared we campaign. Democrats just aren't up to
it. They're not up to the challenge. You know I'm saying they're not they just
don't have the stuff anymore. Remember that moving the right stuff? Democrats
have the wrong stuff. George of course has the good stuff. 389 votes yeah he
wishes he had the good stuff. He keeps insisting I bring it back from Amstit
I'm and of course it's not worth it. Once you're taken Tuesday's election results
I'm ready to leave the country 115. They're all about your crooks 114. I'm
ecstatic 82. I'm suicidal 48 and I just don't give a Schmidt 30 people said that.
I have a 389. Lunches on the way from Wayne Arnold are good buddy Hudson will be
here no time. I'll have some Neely burgers some white hats. Drummets. What you
don't like but they're not in the city. I don't like drummets and you want to know why?
Brett is there. Brett and Deep Pride. Brett and Deep Pride which will kill you
extra fans. Anything boiled and fat. Yeah. WDQ I am. Neil yes sir. I'm a moron and a
train monkey and I want to thank you for having a show especially designed for me.
Good. Thank you sir. You're welcome. And we got a lot of train monkeys out there and morons
and that's why we have such big numbers. I mean majority of people aren't there.
I even even when it comes to the sports nerds you know even some of them have a
sense of humor not too many. Most of them take it very serious. When we go out
there we want to really kick some ass and the guy who gave that aren't we blessed
and never dawned on me again boy. That guy must be psychotic now. Not only we have
the bad weekend last weekend but then after a Saturday without shaky
erectors given in Monday night with a green Bay game. And I'm so sick and tired
of the people on this radio station. Uh stuck it up for Ray Lucas man. Okay so
the first half he wasn't that bad and no he didn't lose the game all by himself
but my god this get his tragic he's pathetic. Why can't the people on this radio station tell
it like it is. I've been around a block a few times they seem more guy than football games in my
time than most of these people in their whole lifetime. In fact in the average season I see
more than these people in lifetime because I got the package while they're sitting there glued to
the dolphin game. That kid is pathetic. He is not ready for prime time. Oh well it wasn't all his
fault. But maybe better open than he had that stinger. He's always got a stinger. He had a
stinger and then he came out with a stinger that Ray Lucas. Another trained monkey. WQ I am.
Neil. Yes man. You have a nice birthday. Great the best. It sounds like you did so.
Oh this is flow? Yeah. Oh chronic flow. Get out of here. What?
No she wants to call to tell me. No I don't it's not that I don't appreciate the uh
when I gave the right name I read the card it was uh uh uh uh uh uh
lawn and flow whatever it was or whoever. I read whatever it was on the card right?
right. Thanks very much. Her voice mail from the flower. Thank you very much. I mean what
it's they didn't get credit for it? CNN understands that you said Mindy. I did not say Mindy.
I bet you a lot of money on that. I didn't say no Mindy. Oh we got the tape. I'm out of
the side of it. I'm out of the side. I'm out of Maureen Mindy but I'd say they're a Dorken Mindy.
I'd say anything about Maureen Mindy or just playing Mindy or any Mindy. We used to be on
getting life by the way which I never see anymore. God damn it. What channel is uh
CBS on here real quick? Four? Oh three. This cable blows. Man this cable really sucks. Oh there it is.
This tape. John. And you're the second one. Jackie. And your hotel. Same case.
Like I said there's Alexander. One right in the other with sucks. And Olivia.
Oh looks like a real concertobs there between Alexander and Olivia and I'm missing all the
guiding lights stuff. How come I can't get no guiding lights fire reports because we have no
women calling in on the show except the ones who want to tell us that was me that saying the
thanks a lot flow. Well you were the one I was bitching around before the show today. You're
getting psychotic. You sure as hell were you had a voicemail on there and then he had a voicemail
from the floors and he had 16 other voicemails. I gave credit and then of course it's got this heavy
rocket to bottom to a shot that was candy. Well okay. Doug right in there's another reason.
Next time put chocolate on the bottom floor and uh lawn. Wasn't it lawn which I always say that
it's lu I don't know. No seriously if you sense uh if somebody sends me something and they really
want to do it you know because they like me or they like to show or they want to for my birthday
what differences make it vagnology or not right? No it makes a lot of difference. It does while
they have to say their name. That brings to my mind questions about the sincerity of the gift okay.
Flow flow flow flow flow. Yeah I'm gonna throw your ass right on the floor and I'm in if you don't
cut the crap. Oh no. Say I didn't talk about flowing how she's all bad on a shape. What a
shame that is. Hey Mo maybe it's in hook you up with flow. Flow in the motion. With Joe as a guest.
Oh I wish I had nothing this to do the whole show on healing. You're gonna pass that.
Oh my god. The one more time you're gonna fly in. Not not with lunch on the way.
Oh black. I took a big gulp even at 7-11 they never saw a big gulp like that.
It's held like a little on helium now he's really gotta worked up. Oh it's out like guilty now.
Holy crap you heard that it's a little bit higher and higher just like guilty getting the ball.
Oh anyway thanks Flow. I love that. Remember the time we had the um at IOD.
The take. We had a whole tank of helium in the studio and then then we discovered that after you take about
five six hits of that you start getting lightheaded and pass out because it displaces the oxygen so you're not breathing out.
Is that what it is? Yeah but I do like that sound man it's a great sound. Oh I was gonna remind me to do it on
that tomorrow from that the real audio because that the clips from my wow I'm still puzzled about that.
The rich shot. I was doing a show in 76 on the station called himself Jim London or something like that.
Maybe with your name contract. Negotiating. No I'm serious it was definitely rich shot got the audio and then we also got Tanner.
What? We got Tanner on there from my 100 and then there's some clips from I 95 on there.
Some there's some pretty boring stuff. What's his name's on it? Earl the Pearl.
Our good friend. Yeah our good buddy Earl the Pearl is someone of the clips and um oh and Tanner's out with Jim really.
Oh see that that's another I don't understand I know they were on for years together in my 100 but I don't
understand that perfect at all that pairing. Do you it's a Catholic thing?
Bill Tanner ain't no Catholic. Yeah but he. No are you gonna start with the altar bore lines again?
We're supporting you 560. You a. M.
The most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station okay.
Hey Bob Fungu and Bob Fungu you.
I heard you're getting married.
You're getting married. What a stupid thing to do.
I say as a friend that marriage can be scary.
You're being as one fine sexy babe. Why ruin what you have that way and maybe what happened twice to me.
Will make you do what happened. Maybe just as crappy for you because it sucks to be married.
What do we have here on newlyweds showcase Kenny it's an all expense paid pre-knock to
the agreement to look joyous days of electro shock therapy at green hopes love.
Bottoming spa. Complete set of porcelain dishes.
A fine addition to any dining room. Like wait and easy to throw and a solid wooden chair
and trapped in an perfectly balanced for easy lifting when breaking them over each
other's back growing to see a quarterall sh and garden over the
up to a five sixty w.u.a.m. the only reason Volka Brian did that bit is because he's really pissed off
at Joe about that wedding invitation. He complains to everyone about that. Yeah, I can find
something. He's sending a guy a wedding invitation to spend hundreds and hundreds of dollars to fly
to Las Vegas and then bring you a gift to attend your wedding. It's just in very, very poor form.
Very pissed off. Fulming at the mouth runs. He was he was a costee as I was trying to get out of here
that day was last week. He was stopping people to park in Lafayette. He didn't even know screaming
about. He was talking with the car wash guy. Can you believe that cheap son of a bitch?
It must be to fly out to Vegas and go to his wedding so I can bring him a gift.
Oh, speaking of that, man accused of microwaving girlfriend's dog. Oh!
This is a true story. It must be because it's from the wicked web. A man has been arrested in the
US after allegedly microwaving his girlfriend's dog. Police say Everett S. Howes of Springfield,
Illinois was jealous of the amount of attention his girlfriend was giving the pet.
According to the state journal register is being held in the Sangamon County,
Jeb was facing a possible charge of animal abuse aggravated cruelty. The police were called
a house he's home by his girlfriend. When they arrived, they found a pillowcase on the front
porch that contained the remains of a small, groundish black dog. Witnesses told.
Isn't yours more black and tired? Yeah. Well, witnesses told police that Howes of
the 41's had a blue bag around the dogs. They put the live animal in the microwave then turned on
the oven. The police reports his officers examined the microwave and found evidence that seemed
to indicate the dog had put inside the oven. That seemed to indicate. How is he? Was not
a home on the police arrive? A contact in the authorities when he heard that officers were looking
for him. How do you like that? And here's another great fact that just came in. The average driver
emits more than 912 pints of wind inside a car during his or her lifetime. I don't realize you
measured farts in pints. Did you know that? No. There might be British. Fat boy said he heard it
was quartz. The figures released by the BBC Top Gear magazine and list of statistics profiling
the average driver. Well, probably that's the brits do that because they fart a lot more than we do
because of all that spotted dick. Although they wouldn't call it pints now. Would they? Of course,
you fart a lot too if you had that old toe in the hole. The survey also found the average driver
will have sex in a car six times in their lifetime. And how are they talking about with somebody else?
They'll spend around two hours and 14 minutes kissing in their motors. Kissing in their motors
reser... Oh, these brits man just killed me. Mr. or Mrs. Average will swear or blasting 32,
25 times behind the wheel and peckish motorists each month through about
months through about 21 pounds of chocolate as they turned along. Now, I don't think so.
Well, that's possible. I've had a few king sides. No, I'm talking about candy bars.
You know, you candy bars in the car. No, not in the car. They got a cold out of the fridge.
Nah. Who the hell can wait to get home in the fridge? They'll also not offer the wheel 11 times
and jump 181 red lights. Well, you brits man. You're a bunch of barbarians. Here's a good fact.
It says, I'm not a violent person, but I want to kick the Schmidt out of Tucker Carlson at
right wing faggot. Love you and you'll see you in Amsterdam. There you go.
I've taken the low light of the entire campaign, the lowest of the low.
To show you what about your schmucks the public are in Georgia where that sex be a sexless,
shameless guy beats Max Cleveland, the American Vietnam War hero. When they three,
they triple amputee who lost two legs at an arm and he attacked him,
provoking 11 times against the Homeland Security. But he was all for the Homeland Security.
I just not diversion of it that the president he proposed, but no confuses with the facts.
So the implication being he's unpatriotic, he's not for Homeland Security. Just like
our president, he was doing that thing about, well, you know, that Democrats are for national security
and it worked. It worked. And so Max Cleveland loses based on the fact that he's not patriotic,
a man who enlisted in the army to serve in Vietnam during a time of war enlisted.
Gives up three limbs. And the public said, yeah, I think you're out of the point.
Of course, don't forget, George is where entry is.
And that corn sure is special.
Well, let's see, as a follow up to Mr. Jikers article about how the colors are part of the
make up, you sure I have a theory. If Book of Bryan's bits help the show and he gets paid,
so the colors should help them. But please may my check to the mid-church redemption
and the Democratic Party. Okay, I'll end the checks out of way. Not.
Don't be trusted. Book of Bryan will send it to you as soon as he catches that check.
5, 6, 7, hey, by the way, floor your balloons are getting in my way. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6,
8, where the hell's the food already? Oh, that's why he's hanging around so long. I knew there
had to be some good reason. What? He can sense it. He was on his way before we made the call.
He can smell it. Because when he first came in this morning, he said,
boy, I thought it was maybe most peace or maybe that bag open again. Now, oh, you didn't tell him
what I said the other day about who cleaned up that bag and how he did it. No, I would not.
I don't tell him that. WDQAM.
Oh, that must be what that guy was doing. WDQAM.
Oh, we got a run now, baby. We got the runs. WDQAM.
Happy birthday, Neil. Thanks. And many, many happy returns.
Uh-huh. It's Woody. Go ahead, hang up.
Okay. That's three in a row. We got a traffic vector. We need to please.
Oh, yeah, we're here to please. I mean, if we can hang up on floor, we can shrink up on your ass.
So I guess throughout a material again, huh? We only got to noon. Then we got to noon to one hour.
Which would be great. You want to know why? Because it'll be the eating hour for me.
Play all the comedy bits like we do every Wednesday between noon and one.
We certainly don't want to play any of those mode bits, though, because, uh, it's time.
No, no, no. No, we might. In fact, people will just play all like that one day.
I think we have an hour's worth now. That would be bad. That would be in very poor form.
I think Joe put the put you up to that.
5670560 pound. Yeah, see, he sucks up to his face. You know, it puts on a happy face,
because you got to see me every day. You ought to hear the things he's been telling me.
WDQ I am. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil.
Hello. Will Manners. Yes, sir.
Kick you an email with Halloween costume with a priest.
Got a little little boy stuck to his crotch. Yeah.
hilarious. What's your email address or George's? Whatever.
What's our email address, George?
Uh, okay. I'm sorry.
No, you don't forget. What's one I actually check?
No, we don't do email. Okay, forget about the email. He's got a hilarious sick heart too.
He wants to send it to George. Give him your home email.
Give him. Yeah, right. Give him a was email.
No, see, that's what started this whole thing was you and that email.
George does bad emails. Or we don't want to start a whole another
simmiss again. Okay, because once George starts sticking around with email,
especially other people's, then there is hell to pay.
So just lay off the emails, unless it's Lynn Samuels.
Pa pa pa pa. But actually she and I have been going.
I think we got something going on. She and me.
I heard your a type.
Let me tell you about your mattress. Okay, it's probably getting lumpy and old and smelly.
Because God, we know what's been going on on it.
So pick up the phone and call our good friends.
And I see I keep saying that. Stop saying that.
Stop saying pick up the phone. Whoever writes our copy, whoever that idiot is,
keeps putting that in every piece of copy.
They know they have to pick up the phone.
Jesus, they've got to have a speaker phone.
Okay, so put down the phone and call 1-800-MATRUS.
1-8 that just frosts my ass that we got such a lack of creativity in this joint.
1-800-MATTRES because they give you great service.
Whatever mattress you're looking for, whatever top brand you like.
CERDA, Celi Simmons, King Coil.
They got them all in stock ready for just about immediate delivery.
And again, not when they're ready to do it.
But when it's convenient for you.
Any day, seven days a week, any to our window.
When you're going to be home, like between 10 a.m. and noon, 11 and 1,
2 and 3, 4, whatever that is.
And they give me that 30 day in home comfort guarantee.
So you don't have to worry about just lying down in the department store
and hoping that it's really the one for you.
You get to sleep and do your thing on it for up to a month before we decide
if the mattress is the right one for you.
So get yourself a great new mattress at an unbeatable low every day price
like I always do.
And even the lovely Miguel did this last time.
He's pretty happy about it.
And you will be too.
1-800-MATTRES or check out their website at mattress.com.
I'm out of my mind.
I'm low.
This is sports 20 or 560.
You way up.
They hang this up, baby.
Wouldn't it be great if you could get a massage whenever you needed one?
You can with Vibratouch.
The battery operated massager that fits right on your finger.
I love my Vibratouch.
It's all I need.
Vibratouch vibrates at over 9,000 cycles a minute
for deep, long lasting satisfaction.
Vibratouch is adjustable so I can adjust it to fit on my favorite finger.
Vibratouch comes with four Vibratips and a handy carrying case
so you can vibrate yourself anywhere you go.
It's great at work or riding on the bus.
And the Vibratouch is quiet.
The guy on the bus this morning thought I was having an epileptic fit
until I showed it my Vibratouch.
Have your credit card handy and call now.
It's 1-800-Touch-It.
That's 1-800-Touch-It.
Vibratouch operators are standing by.
Honey, the UPS guy just delivered a case of battery.
That's right, Jack.
When I said the Vibratouch was all I needed, I meant it.
You'll be hearing from my attorney in the morning.
I'm not sick.
Right there.
And speaking of that, the New York Post is a Mattelist
of making its best selling Harry Potter vibrating broomstick.
But the toy company says its decision is not based
on the plaything's popularity as a preteen sex toy.
As we reported in September, Mattel's Nimbus 2000
who raves from kids but horrified parents
who found their teenage daughter is riding the buzzing 1999 broomstick.
Was it think they were going to do with it?
Maybe the thought it was Halloween, I don't know.
In the wake of our stir-A time out in New York,
even rated the Nimbus along with bona fide vibrators
and its sex issue.
But they might tell rep claims.
It's not because of the stories.
It's just not a continued product in our 2002 line.
Strange considering the Harry Potter franchise is stronger
than ever, it says here.
In the New York Post, so it might be true.
In that right-wing rag.
How do you like that?
They're riding it like a broomstick.
Hello, George.
463 votes on the poll.
What's your take on yesterday's election results, huh?
What are you taking now?
Probably a lot of people taking a big hit.
Yeah, what's the same to me?
A big heavy duty one.
They're all a bunch of crooks 141.
I'm ready to leave the country 138.
I'm ecstatic 93.
Let's hear something for those people who are ecstatic.
Okay.
I'm suicidal 55 and I don't give a shmit 36.
That was my vote.
So you come in and last place just like the elections.
Hey, that's okay.
I'm used to it.
5670560,
Palm 560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
And but you think I'm going to get a guiding light update?
I guess not.
You will.
WDQIM.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Guiding light update.
Told you.
I've been wanting to talk to you since you got back to South Florida.
You can watch guiding light at 3 in the afternoon
on Channel 12 out of West Palm.
Are you kidding me?
No, you know what?
Channel 4 in Miami is one of the few markets in the entire country
that's airing at 10 in the morning.
I know in Toronto they carry these seat belts not in Toronto.
Maybe in Buffalo.
Buffalo, yeah.
And they carry the three o'clock.
It was a Channel 4 decision.
It wasn't a CBS decision.
Well, Channel 4 sucks.
I know.
So I don't know when's the last time you saw it.
But Alan and Olivia got married last week.
Oh no.
Oh my god.
But right before the wedding,
Olivia and Philip got stuck in the elevator
and they were making out and Alexander has it on tape.
So yesterday she presented Olivia.
She said this is your wedding dress.
And it's the tape of her making out.
And she's got the pre-knop with Alan that if she cheats on him,
she gets nothing plus he gets the beacon.
So she's blackmailing me.
Yeah, I saw the last minute of it this morning.
I flipped over there and I sat down with her in each other's push.
Right.
When what Channel 4 shows in the morning is really from the day before,
Channel 12.
So you're actually even getting at a day behind.
Oh boy.
So anyway, do you pick up Channel 12?
I doubt it.
Too bad.
How long am I going to do that?
I thought maybe it was on your satellite or something.
Yeah, because I'm a...
Well, I can find it somewhere probably on my big dish,
which I never use anymore.
I can find it on the big dish.
You really haven't missed that much.
It's been kind of weeks.
But to me, since they brought Joan Collins on the show,
I can't stand her.
So...
No, the last Alexander was the good one.
The real Alexander.
Yeah, nobody will ever outdo her.
I'll tell you, passions.
Oh, yesterday they had the...
Was it yesterday?
That day before when...
What's your name?
Was taking a shower with Miguel?
Stark naked?
You don't watch parents do that.
I don't like that.
Oh, you're missing out.
It's guiding light.
You're missing out.
Maybe I should switch.
Guiding light has been kind of weak.
And it's been guss and harle and harle and doesn't.
And I don't like that.
I don't like that story.
I'm not interested in that.
What a lame story.
Next up, he'll be bringing back that red necklace.
Daddy of hers too, he'll be coming back.
Right.
No, he's not.
Whatever he is.
Grandpa.
Right.
But, Dom, I guess that's about it.
Okay, thanks for the bad news.
I've been missing.
All right, bye.
Happy birthday.
Thanks a lot.
That's like most self-harpers.
You don't watch for a few months and you come back.
And you pick right up where you left off.
Well, a couple of things have, and no big deal.
Let's see, here's a long, long, long facts.
And the bottom line says,
keep your passport handy and pray to Jesus for the best,
because God effs those who eff themselves.
That's a good line.
I like that.
I think he's got a good point.
No, God.
Religious cokes who are once identified precisely
as that are taking his offering serious input about reality.
In that regard, we're simply following the rest of the world,
everywhere fundamentalists of every stripe,
fleeing the march of modernity are determined to lead a headline
retreated into the past.
Hypersionist freaks are set to take control in Israel,
even in moderate Turkey, crazy towelheads have brought a pill
in the Muslim world, and fanatical Hindus in India
push for a nuclear showdown with the PAKIs.
The Democratic Party is a joke, it has no message whatsoever.
They completely rolled over while Bush and
Ascroft instituted step after step
in building an authoritarian surveillance state,
the USA Patriot Act, you're right.
There's been more principled opposition from some
damned Republicans like Ron Paul, Bob Barr,
Oi, Richard Shelby, etc., than they lily lily lily
Democrats, the so-called leaders that leaders
in like Jeb Bush's quotes, you know,
the leaders of the Party are disgrace,
dash of the aptly named Dick Gebhardt, Hillary Queen,
I can't say the C word Clinton.
No, forget Boca Brands, a guy that took the O out of country.
It says, maybe John Kerry will offer legit option
for Democrats in 2004.
If so, it will only be the second time in over 30 years.
Says, I'm not the one who thinks the Bush stop will burn
down the Raspst lot on 9-11, where they certainly have taken every
advantage of this tragedy to aggrandize their power
and then goes on.
Good facts, excellent.
Nobody's listening, but good facts.
Nobody wants to pay any attention to it.
Give me the ball, give me the ball, give me the ball,
okay, Shufro, that's what it's all about.
A lot of open lines here aren't there?
A couple, 5-6-7-0-5-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T line,
got 40 minutes to kill, and it's a good thing
that lunch is taking so damn long today.
Because it'll time out exactly with that great new
to 1 hour.
And I've gone air hot sense, probably what they had in mind.
481 votes on that poll, they're pouring in.
WQAM.
Hey Bill.
Yes sir.
What's going on?
How you doing?
Listen, I went on voting, is it the first time I voted yesterday
in a while, and I live over here in Sunrise.
Are you familiar with Sunrise Wake?
Yes.
Okay.
You don't sound old enough to be allowed into Sunrise Wake.
I live just outside, but my precinct is inside Sunrise Wake.
Oh, boy.
I walk up to the thing and I head to like the 6-7-0-8,
he's just pounding me, man.
You know, I go to the vote, I finally realized
why so many problems with these odd people, man.
These people are in there between the lady running the bills
and helping the old lady out and telling them,
don't let anybody else in.
If they cook me in the middle of your cane,
this lady's telling these people
if she let anybody else in, they should have worked their cane.
Okay?
Good thinking, I like it.
They'd love to see that.
They'd like to see that.
Okay, well listen, when you get a new phone call, it's back someday.
567-0-560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Many, many open lines now, all of a sudden,
is this hour to bottom is just falling off today.
I may have to actually do some bedtime stories here
to kill out, fill out the hour, which would be very Saturday.
I'm just not in the mood to do it.
I'm just not in the mood to do it after the election yesterday
and all of a sudden, all the countertops that went on here
in the building this morning, just a bizarre,
a bizarre episode there at about 848 this morning
in the control room with a molemyster.
I'm telling you, my psychic abilities are scary as hell.
I have to start my own day because at least it would be
somewhat legitimate, unlike those other fakers on their way.
I miss Cleo and all those, and she's old Griffin
because I really do have psychic abilities,
not so much as a track,
but definitely in life in general.
I'll say, hey, how's so-and-so doing in the door?
We'll open in the walk-in like two seconds later.
Watched it happen all the time.
Right.
Talking about somebody, lady call me about guiding light.
I punch up the nice light.
There she is.
And this morning, I have no idea why.
I discovered these analove beads,
and I thought it would be appropriate to go in there
and hang them kind of in front of the mole and guilty,
and the crowd in the control room.
Now, some people thought it was someone amusing,
but that just my bad timing or good timing,
depending on how you look at it,
was right at the time that guy called it was chewin' out low
for a consortium with the enemy on Fox News on Monday.
Would they anxious, laughing, hyena, Tony Bruno?
And then he went to his impassioned hysterical defensive
about how he was doing.
Who cares about blah, blah, blah, and it's a syndicated show?
Who the hell are you kidding?
Come on, we'll get serious.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello?
Yes?
I am by the way.
How about you, pardon?
It hurts.
Always in Spanish?
Yeah.
I see.
Speaking English on a show, okay?
We got enough spictop down here already.
Spick in English.
We're gonna get that goddamn boat inflated again for you.
W-Q-A-M.
Shamba?
See, he's getting a little bit old.
567-0562.
Pound 562.
Now, what was it about that doctor that did J. Feetler's thumb?
Pound 562.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello?
Nobody there.
See, this is one of the reasons I really enjoy taking calls on this show.
Like I said, last week or so,
last couple of weeks we've been doing this.
Been a big improvement.
Everybody's been in a better mood.
Maybe they're all depressed because of the election yesterday.
Maybe all of our people out there, like, uh, you know, in a sour mood.
Because they take it all to God.
They am seriously,
as if we're gonna have some impact on changing the world out there,
which we're not.
Which we're not.
Oh, we can make a difference.
No, you can't.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello?
W-Q-A-M. Hello?
Hello?
Nobody here?
W-Q-A-M.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
I'm a coward and I wanted to apologize directly to you.
For what?
Well, I was wanting to get the gym managers autograph one day before the dolphin game
and I was schlepping around down by the Q-A-M booth.
I'm hoping to catch him walking by and going into the building.
And I saw Mo and the immediate temptation was to say,
hey, nice show, Mo.
And I couldn't bring myself to do it.
And I wanted to apologize.
And I think I'm gonna protest the Q-A-M booth because I have that pre-game show.
Yeah.
And just take it, you know,
I think like a big poster says,
nice hair piece or something like that.
Mo, why do you want to do that?
Oh, I just, I don't know.
You see, a lot of you people out there,
you want to jump onto Badwagon.
See, now you want to make it personal,
which is exactly what I'm not trying to do.
This is a radio show.
Leave the comedy to me, okay?
Don't worry about jumping onto Badwagon
and start to try to make a guy feel like crap.
That's not what we're trying to do in spite of what he thinks, okay?
That's not good.
That's bad form.
Leave them.
They don't want me to do that, then.
Are you pregnant?
You don't want me to do that?
What did I just get you saying?
I think it's a stupid idea is what I think.
I think it's idiotic and childish.
See, this is the promulgant,
and especially you sports nerds out there,
you're such a bunch of overgrown children.
God, oh, the BCS pole, we're getting scrored,
we're getting, there's a conspiracy.
It is a conspiracy against idiots.
So maybe it does have something to do with U of M
when you come right down to it.
Little, little, little, yeah, that's U of M.
Boy.
So you don't never get complacent.
Don't feel you can sit back and actually like talk to people
in this town, because you know,
just because the last week and a half or two weeks
or whatever it's been has been really a breath of a first year.
This last hour turned into a breath of really
failure, like maybe you didn't do such a good job
with a job feeling, a job feeling up the globe.
Suds.
This is cute.
Deer Neil, sorry it's taken so long to deliver your food.
It's a new job to me since I left the radio station.
A lot of movies that have hit blacks in here in Schwarzenegg town.
See you soon with hot food, Suds.
PS, I need a real good tip.
How do you like that?
Hey David, I got your facts yesterday.
Okay, my former bag boy.
Don't be wasting any more of my paper, all right?
You'll be a former bag boy more ways than one.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
On the AT&T in Verizon line, 27 past 11.
Only 33 minutes until that blessed noon to one hour that we enjoy so much on Wednesday.
Boy, do we enjoy it or we enjoy it a lot.
You've heard us talk on this show and other shows also about fast train for a long time.
Are you doing anything about it yet?
Well, if not, get off your dead ass because the facts are very simple,
like most of our listeners.
If you have the dedication fast train will provide you with the necessary training to become
a certified computer professional.
According to Time Magazine, the demand for computer professionals is going to continue to explode,
it's going to get bigger, it's going to get gigantic and humongous.
The average student completes the training in the late foreshort months attending school three nights a week.
Once you complete your certification, fast train will assist you in getting that great new
high-paying underlying those two words, high-paying computer job.
Fast train invites you to come in, visit their train career counselor,
and determine which track is ideal for you.
Maybe it's Rurido so down where they have those crazy quarter horses.
Call fast train tool three at one, eight, six, six, fast train to set up an appointment with
four convenient locations. There's bound to be one nearby you.
You'll find a fast train in Kendall and Miami, Pembroke Pines, and Fort Lauderdale.
And be sure to ask the career counselor for listed students just like you
who are currently in their dream jobs thanks to the training they got at fast train.
Call them today at one, eight, six, six, fast train.
That's one, eight, six, six, fast train or check them out of the web at fasttrain.com.
You a-
Isht with the sewer of his place.
Yes, I am.
It's the old fascist like that token schmutz of thought.
Is you day because you are at home, bootlegly grown?
Is you deflacte and some mammere who be smart?
Does they like how you shine their shoes under the leaves of their hair?
All the way you wash and talk the white is cause.
George it's junior, say he trust you can believe you.
Through tele allies on the greedy oil alone.
But then he make you clean all the white house bathrooms.
The cup of scene, the toilet and then scrub the floor.
They tell you don't wear sandals, can't believe no.
Your culture don't help make them all rich and beautiful.
Your map in the air, look you slide, it'll be velcro.
It's your feet what you to be that token schmutz.
One day while you be flippin' past the human life.
That's a tree in you just like your esterone.
That's when your head will move from side to side from the lever.
It's your bush and rummere, they be cracked from at home.
Well look at that, Wayne is looking to you don't wear over 600 pounds.
Thanks, Hudson.
Tell Wayne thanks for everything.
Here's a nice lunch, came a little bit earlier.
People will pay an hour and a half a bit today and the way these phone calls are starting to go now.
You know something?
Oh you see, you're already for that.
I don't know, I might just do it, you know.
I don't know, wouldn't that be, I don't know.
Yeah, it's all these nice people are unhold.
Like in Faso, remember that woman in the, the woman in the, when he brought in the baked goods.
Yeah, maybe I'll have that.
And then she finally say I'll have one anyway.
Remember that?
Yeah, that's just a little bit, just a little taste.
WQIM.
Yeah, how you doin'? Happy late birthday.
Thanks.
I voted yesterday for the first time for, for governor in a while.
Yeah.
You probably, I voted for Bush, but you know, the most important thing to me was these amendments.
Yeah.
What about that pig amendment?
I voted, yeah, I don't think cruelty to animals is the way to go.
I voted for no cruelty to animals.
And stuff. I also voted for the, for the hurricanes in the BCS.
Yeah.
Bush, Chris Bush voted for pig.
Okay, great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, wireless line.
WQIM.
Why you scared of moral, with that?
WQIM.
No.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I couldn't call you. I should have wanted to wish you a happy birthday.
Well, thanks anyway. I'm sure you made a gallon effort.
Yeah, it's funny you played the kind of leaves of things, because I don't know if you heard about it, but on the Palm Beach Fox station,
you had 29 on Monday nights, they had a whole thing called Waste This Radio.
Yeah.
So that was about it.
Yeah. And they had had had a little bit behind.
Yeah, they had had their own there and they showed her they played part of the kind of leaves of it.
Yeah.
Like John I'm a scientist morning, they ought to be wearing sheets at Fox News.
Absolutely.
Yeah. Also, over the weekend, I received a postcard from the Jewish National Federation saying how Jeff Bush is good for Israel.
We should move for him.
Yeah.
Okay, well, call me again someday with some other old news. Okay. God almighty.
What, what kind of a call was that?
I think even some of the drag we've had in the last half hours better than that.
Well, have a great day anyway, sir. It's better your lame effort.
I think they're out of material. If anybody can sense it, WQ I am.
Good morning, Neil.
Neil, pardon me. Happy belated birthday.
I'm having my midday meal right now as a matter of fact.
It's called Meals Meal.
What have a teeth?
Just a couple of years.
Well, first of all, Fox News, then you should tell the smile on everybody's faces with the whole change of power to have.
Oh, yeah.
Just a little bit of a ball over there.
Another thing though, Neil, actually, what do you think of this amendment about the ban on smoking and restaurants?
Because you think that's going to hold?
Did that pass?
Yeah, it passed.
Oh, no. I didn't even pay any attention to it.
I was so distraught with everything else.
No stockies and restaurants or anything else.
What a brilliant, what a brilliant move to make it a tourist day.
Where all these people, all these four bastards in business depend on tourism and all the restaurants and bars.
Oh, man. What a, what a schmuck state this is, man.
On the island of the coffin, I think before.
You know, this state is shaped like a schmuck and that's because the people are act like ones.
Hey, if I, one I think I think all these colors are just making these stupid jokes or all bunch of douchebags.
Okay. Thanks.
See ya.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on it.
This is bad for me right to be eating on it.
So after I do the break, then we'll start playing stuff.
Look, what?
What?
It's a capital idea.
WQAM?
Yeah, this guy kind of gave me a lead in on the big issue.
Yes?
When you take the anal beads, do you square the...
Yeah, see, there you go.
Like I said, I can tell that they're, you know, when they're out of material.
That sounded almost like Reverend Jones's boyfriend to me.
22 till noon at 5, 60, WQAM.
Let me tell you right now, you want to pop something really good in your...
Puss.
Well, he mentioned the analub beads.
So we're trying to like draw us a little separation between the two.
We're talking about all of you, man.
A great product to help your health.
In fact, they had a whole bunch of different products.
Each one designed for a specific different part of your body and your health.
There are three great new products.
You just want to help your sleep.
One for our weight management and one called CoQ10, which of course is great stuff for your heart.
All you're using the benefits like all the oleumet products are the finest of purists, the bestest
of olive oil on the face of the globe.
If you want to pick up some oleumet, it's all over town, because more and more people are popping it.
Pick some up at publics, records, Walgreens, for more info call,
oleumet tool free at 1-866-OLEUMET.
That's 1-866-5366-333 or other products online at oleumetamerica.com.
If you visit nearest publics or an divine oleumet product and data-broward,
you can get you a coupon for that free Larry Coker bubblehead dial,
while supplies last and boy, what a deal.
Don't forget to visit their sampling, pavilion, sports time,
every Sunday with an offensive plane home games, and pick up free oleumet samples and product information,
and for better health, start popping that oleumet in your pus today.
My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my
my, my my, my, my, my, life, life, life, life, life, life, I love you, I love you, I love you all my life, I love you throughout the world. I love you. I love you all my life. I love you all my life. my life, my life, my life, my life, my life. I love you
I'm just a regular Joe with a regular job.
I'm your average white, except for the night's long.
I like football and porn, I'm books about war.
I got an average house with a nice hardwood floor.
My wife and my job, my kids and my car, off you don't my table.
And I cut it to go.
But sometimes I'm just painting up to keep a man like me.
No way. No, I've got to go out of hell.
But it's someone else's expense.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I drive really slow in the ultra fast lane.
Well, people behind me are going insane.
I'm an actor, you're the only one.
I'm an actor, you're the only one.
I'm an actor, you're the only one.
I use public toilets and I piss on the seat.
I walk around in the summertime saying, how about this heat?
I'm an actor, you're the only one.
I'm an actor, you're the only one.
I'm an actor, you're the only one.
Sometimes I part in the handicap spaces.
Well, handicap people make handicap spaces.
I'm an actor, you're the only one.
I'm an actor, you're the only one.
Maybe I shouldn't be singing this song.
Ranting and raping and carrying on.
Maybe they're right when they tell me I'm wrong.
I'm an actor, you're the only one.
I'm an actor, you're the only one.
You know what I'm going to do?
I'm going to get myself in 1967,
and then I killed a rattle convertible.
I think with a whale skin of a cat,
and all other cow in the carrier,
and being proud of baby's seal eyes, red headlights.
Yeah, and I want to cry for round that baby,
because at 115 miles per hour,
she's getting one mom for gallons.
The second half is not for to find a cheeseburgers McDonald's
and the old fashioned not by the greatable styrofoam containers.
And when I'm done sucking down those grease ball burgers,
I'm like a white client mom for the American flag,
and then I'm going to suck the styrofoam containers right off the side,
and then I'm going to cut damn thing,
and anybody can do it by the end.
You know what I mean?
Because we got the bomb, that's why.
It's too words, nuclear fucking weapons.
So, Jay, Russia, Germany, Romania,
they can have all the democracy they want,
and taking them a thick democracy cake walk right through the middle
of the cinnamon square,
and it won't make a lick of difference,
because we ain't got the bomb.
So, Jay, John Wayne's not in.
He's frozen, and as soon as we find a cure for cancer,
we're going to throw out that Duke,
and he's going to be pretty pissed off.
You know why?
The Duke is taking a cold shower.
We multiply that by 15 million times.
That's how pissed off the Duke's going to be.
I'm going to get a Duke, and John gets a head east,
and Lee Marvin and Sam Decker are going to taste the race,
and drive down a dexate.
You know, you really aren't at home.
I should just shut up and sing the song, but I...
Come on F.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Fs, H.O., L.E., Everybody, Fs, S.O., L.E.
I'm an asshole and I'm proud of it.
Oh, that has really please go away.
Find a new way to attack the Baco home and eat your whole home.
Till you explode, just like your fat fat churn in ladies,
have you bite your seats on a plane?
He's filling your fingers that have yellow stain from sea toes.
Can't see your toes.
After picky puno, I have to be fat this gusting and tasty.
You make the churn with women smile.
They like a cow's spandid sassy.
Think smelly, fat story pulse of a mile.
Your body cheese smells like a grapple.
After it was occupied by head, ask their dealers,
you want to get into your car.
I'm flustered to that M.Y.
I can squeal, I can squeal, I can squeal fat lady.
It's living with your loverless need.
Slavering and starting the tree between her knees.
That's my tail of yeast.
It's most reaching to me.
That's my tail of yeast and tasty.
Shub those fat beads of my ass.
Shub those fat beads of my ass.
Make my fringal agon, and they go popping with one tongue on the string.
Shub those fat beads of my ass.
Shub those fat beads of my ass.
I've appreciated it, lubricated with only, oh that's fine.
Shub those fat beads of my ass.
Shub those fat beads of my ass.
Use that barger in to help slide a minute,
it's easier that way.
I want my ecstasy to last, so don't pull them out too fast.
First you start out slowly and speed up only when the last one's about to pop.
Shub those fat beads of my ass.
Shub those fat beads of my ass.
But don't tell nobody, nothing is funny and lack behind my back.
Shub those fat beads of my ass.
Shub those fat beads of my ass.
It should be okay, no matter what I ate.
Like reading in the gas.
Shub those fat beads of my ass.
Shub those fat beads of my ass.
I've got a plastic all too.
I have the all the catalytic again.
Box new cellar.
Oh really like to fuck you.
Oh yeah.
Box new cellar.
Oh yeah.
We really like to fuck you.
We really like to fuck you.
You're a fine looking fascist and a perfect little Nazi.
I want to build their coffee through your soil panties.
The starting news.
Look you slug and sweet.
Lamping your lips like hand.
Cultures roast me.
Box new cellar.
Oh yeah.
We really like to fuck you.
Oh yeah.
Box new cellar.
Box new cellar.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
We really like to fuck you.
We really like to fuck you.
You ever think about doing kind of listen?
Do you bitch?
You wanna come to me?
Three way.
You're not a single man.
You should be able to come out.
The little pink rose put me between your buns.
I'll bet it tastes like bubble gum.
See you next time you need a story done.
Since it takes a little bit more to make you come.
Box new cellar.
We really like to fuck you.
Oh yeah.
Box new cellar.
We really like to fuck you.
Hi Felicia.
Gini, I love your dress.
And your hair looks so shiny and manageable.
Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders?
Gosh, chick.
I stopped using head and shoulders a long time ago.
I mean, honestly, who grows hair on their shoulders anyway?
Yeah, right.
So what are you using now?
Well, it's like head and shoulders only without all those additives.
It's just called head.
Let's tell them about it, girls.
If you're tired of your own shampoo, yeah, yeah,
rub a brain in and be lazy.
Yeah, yeah, just remember what I said.
Yeah, yeah, feel better if you get some head.
Wow, where can I get head?
Lots of places, chick.
You can stop by my place later and I'll be happy to give you a head.
In 15 minutes, I'll have you shampooed,
styled, and blown dry.
Gee, you don't miss a lick, do you?
Head sound great, but is it expensive?
Not at all, chick.
My brother says there are places downtown where you can get head for less than $10.
Golly, at that price, everyone should be getting head.
That's right, chick.
When you say head, you set a mouthful.
Hi, I'm Dr. Raymond Foulade.
I'm from Freedom All Industries.
Here to kill you.
Why, you should get head.
First, it lubricates each limp hair follicle,
leading in a wreck, listening shaft.
Then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root,
leading your hair soft, shiny, and exhausted.
Nothing does the job like head.
Great.
Can I get head from my hairdresser, Bruce?
Probably, but you might want to try your girlfriend first.
So I'm in the head today.
Yeah, yeah, little squirt, throw them all away.
Yeah, yeah, you look better and you'll feel terrific.
Yeah, yeah, when you get head, you're a lucky step.
One hair with lots of volume, nothing gets it up like head.
Available at a price you won't find hard to swallow,
and it's going down every day.
Connie, we're out of shampoo.
Can you go out and get some head?
What did you say?
I said I want you to go out and get head.
Oh, thank you, sweet Jesus.
I'm going down down.
And head makes a great holiday gift.
Last Christmas, my wife gave me some head.
Then I gave her a pearl necklace.
I've never seen her so choked up.
My girlfriend used to give me head, then we got married.
Now I'm lucky if I get Jurgens lotion and a national Jew wrap.
When she starts to pull one out of the top,
I can't feel the clutch.
I throw your top in head in the shower.
You want a thumb in head, the long, the long, the long, the long.
If you buy it up, you're full of shampoo.
Yeah, yeah, right, straight it, and feeling blue.
Yeah, yeah, let's remember what I said.
Yeah, yeah, it'll feel better.
If you get some head, you'll feel better if you get some head.
Oh yeah, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Head shampoo, come on, give it a shot.
My hair looks great.
Can you do the nap?
not
Don't like all the Harper
Don't love, don't every time I see
Don't love, don't love, that free card if you wish
Don't love, don't love my TV
He's president of the sh**t world
And our take in this idiot
I don't know why they want to watch us go
I have a known easy years
First rule to make for years
With president of the sh**t world
And what I get to go both was wrong
And get to we all voted for
One, give your one best
Don't love, don't let the drumming stupid beat
Don't love, don't mind this drunk and rich kid
Don't love, don't be easy then
Lumber than me
I'm a peace president of the sh**t world
Yeah don't care what it's all
You got a man by her birth, wrong, the christmas
I know what's best for you and I
But how's the fear?
We've got a great leader here
With president of the sh**t world
What a great life man
This guy is better every time
You don't know how we do it
Same thing we don't do this
We're gonna do this for the wideway system and pound
Stop from my arms, we're outcast 125th and northwest 7th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
I have 75th Avenue in Miami
You can try anything on the store before you buy it
Try the new low-car bread. It's called simply low-car bread
Just spread on some of that new La Nuba jam
And you've got a great low-car breakfast
And as your official Actkins.retail center
He lights up West Bokers sells every Actkins product
At 25% off the day
Tomorrow, a week from Sookist every day
And of course all the people I tell you
Like on that channel 4 thing
A lot of folks out there still lose and wait like crazy on the Actkins diet
Because it works
Your lights up West Bokers got a friendly knowledgeable staff
We'll lead you on the path to health
Through open every day 10-10 on the corner
Of glades in a 4-41 if you're really lucky
PD Lenny won't be there when you go in
Call 1-877 low-carb or see him on the web
At lowcarb.com
My life and local
This is 435-60
Way to way
The State Goldstein
But you can call me Kelsey
Whenever I'm in town I listen to
Wait a minute I am in town
It's the 12th of one hour
Al Gore
You have never heard or seen him
Four years ago you gave me your nominations
The V5s present
This is Suncraft
I've been watching you doing that
Macarena on television
And if I did have your silence
I would like to demonstrate for you
The Al Gore version of the Macarena
Macarena
Macarena
Macarena
Macarena
Would you like to see it again?
I can't believe it
I can't believe it
I can't believe it
I can't believe it
I can't believe it
When your alarm goes off in the morning
Macarena
When one of your children reaches for cereal and fruit
Macarena
Macarena
Macarena
Macarena
Macarena
Macarena
Macarena
Wish girls
Like your hearty nails
Sunny junky jokes on electricity
They call
And bring till they pass out
As a sure-of-favorite poor daddy
They get high
And almost anything they can
Girls are guys
They sprint their gown
They're the frames
And a fresh lad
Girls are bare
She makes you mad
Thinking he grew up
He is slowly getting up
Here comes everyone
All right high did vote around
You heard his Wave?
This is what we understand
Eli Questions
the
He grow, pulling foul is the masses he grow
He, he, he grow, pulling foul be a right wing shlaw
Shining the shoes of white man bush
Pulling foul is the masses he grows
Spreads his cheeks to his, his, his, toosh
Pulling foul is the masses he grows
Stepping in fetch and at the whim of his white man's fur
Pulling foul is the masses he grows
He goes through the knees of the globalist crackers
Pulling foul is the masses he grows
And on growth comes some survey uncool
Pulling foul is the masses he grows
A twist like say, put lips up
Pulling foul is the masses he grows
Yo, pulling big, pulling big, pulling big, pulling big
A slave, knee, knee, he grow
Pulling foul is the old, that what he'd be doing
He's kind of going sweet as daddy
He ever scored it a lot of cocaine
He said that it's not true that it's ever used cocaine
George is eyes when he delights that he tries
Yes, cocaine
What's the republic in shape?
In an attempt to save his campaign
He said he's pure as a saint
And he would never play with cocaine
George is eyes when he delights that he tries
Okay
What a hell of my always getting raped by men
You have a nice back mow
But I don't ever get raped by broads of this
Women don't write men
And it's too bad that it is
There is such a thing as an attractive man, you know
Mow
What do you know, you're crumb?
What do you some kind of fairy?
What are you going to go for your other monkey footy or can grind it down a hole?
I'm not a queen here
What do you know about being queer you moron?
I've been raped enough to know the difference
Sorry, Mow, dad
Now see here, we're supposed to be talking about sports here
Not about good looking men
Just men in general and nothing else
This is sports radio over here, we love men
Dad
But I got to say you have a bird
I just the other night I saw this commercial on overnight TV
When this guy was crawling out at the ocean see
On this island filled with strippers that are broads
They looked okay
But this guy in the commercial I would say in an objective sort of way
He was pretty cute
You got your laugh
You laugh and did I get you clearance to laugh?
Was this for a scriptuate mow?
Yeah
And the guy was crawling on the island
You thought he was cute?
Yeah, that's right
Are you asked me to be objective?
I agree us and you still make fun of me
You want to get fired again?
Ah!
That guy there had pinchable jowls
A croke with hookah damn funny
That was George
Ah!
That was George
You're gonna grind us monkey?
You know, maybe I am in love with that mango munchy to speak
He certainly does make a thing with my nose glow like a neon rainbow
Wanting who fired must have been just the reaction of the suppressor truth about A.B.
But I can't let anybody know how much I've wanted after his voice
Get out of here, holy, you're all nuts!
You're all...
Hey, I can't move
Look at the bulging your pants, mow
Oh no, if I'd move the wrong way I'll...
Hey everybody, mow mess this pants
I would love to do you a grunt
Ow!
That was mow
I'm at its afternoon at 5.60 W.C.M. It's our extended Wednesday, noon to 1 hour, comedy bits,
little extra 20 minutes, and mostly for lunch
Which in the end was I finished, that was great
It was sensational
I need a nap
Jane's got a great line, one of our regular faxers Jane, our loyal listener in 4 Lauderdale
She says, P.S. at least the Republicans worth the only pigs to win
Good point Jane
Good point
Hey speaking of pigs and slabs
If your house is not looking in great shape because your carpets really are nasty looking
If they're filthy and schmootsy and you haven't had them clean in a long time
Do yourself a humongous favor, especially now, let's see, it's the member of the 6
Before Thanksgiving and Christmas and Chinooka, New Year's all the holidays
When people are going to be invading your house and believe me when people come to your house
You know how it is, they look around, they want to make sure there's not a speck of dirt
Anywhere in the house, they want to make sure there's not a spick in the house
And that's why you want those carpets looking just like brand new and everything else too
Dry concepts can make it happen for you
Check out their website before you call them if you like at www.dryconcepts.com
Or take my word for it because I've been using them in my house for over 20 years
And like I always tell you nobody in the world does it like they do with say patented exclusive method
They dry clean your carpets, suck out the deep down dirt make your carpets look sparkly new
They smell limiting fresh, they last longer and stay cleaner longer too
A couple of hours your carpets are dry again and you're going to have a big smile on your poest
And don't forget to give you a written guaranteed price before we start doing the job
At dry concepts they also do an unbeatable job of cleaning your furniture and drapery
Spot dying, friber protection, carpet repairs, implant oriental rug service
The authorization complete water damage restoration too
So column at this toll free number they'll be there on time and do a sensational job every time
Call 1-800-248-5071
1-800-248-5071
Clean today, entertain tonight
Not just their slogan, it's their business at dry concept
5-800-2560
The radio is all yours, come on
You weigh them
Be
Be
Be a revealing a thing
And siting clean each and eyes
He was bending his spine
Be a revealing a thing
Be a revealing a thing
No, he was out when he had the day
Your choice you back when he was a kid
Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo, it was his favorite day
Your choice you'll be a warning club, hey
He wants the White House to be all here
Like a big shot switch guy
So he can't admit he feels like Spurs
Lord, what the best hide on a pizza, ha ha
That's the way it was
You have a no-full of cover, he denies it today
George, for you, you'll never get it to say
Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo, it was his favorite day
Your choice you'll be a warning club
Tonight on America, under the covers, we love it actor Bob Greene
And the women he wouldn't judge
Hello, I'm Bill Curtis
Join me tonight as I wave my hands about uncontrollably
And tell you about the women Bob Greene would not touch
And if he were still alive, the women he would not touch today
Starting with Anna Nicole, who even I wouldn't touch with Bob Greene's thing
Not to mention Sandra Bernhardt, Courtney Love, Pam Anderson, or Anne Coker
I wouldn't touch any of those gangs with Bob Greene's thing
Bob Greene himself turned down the likes of B-Aunt her
Ruth Mulley, Billas Diller, Alice Gosley, Tody Fields
Bob's mainly, and Joanne Worley, who once played his wife on TV
My hands are moving wildly now
Oh, I'm starting to dance
Bob Greene, the women he would not judge, tonight on America, under the covers
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, I'm going on my knees
So I can wear and watch
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob
On the bus, lim, lim, lim, lim, lim, all the way
I pray for vehicles that will pick the USA
My allegiance says that you must like
In the sky, on your next slide
I want you to die today
I'm Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Allah is proud of me
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, I find a brainlessly
Good luck for you, flap
Aaaaah!
Aaaaah!
Aaaaah!
Aaaaah!
Aaaaah!
Aaaaah!
Aaaaah!
Aaaaah!
Baby, I want you a couple of missiles.
Oh!
Toward a place we know
And a aim on that of fella
Whose first name begins with a...
Ooooooh!
There's one thing we all understand
How cater won't be finished
Until we blow up Pakistan
We could chase him round forever
With our tanks and all our troops
But special forces are so tired
Of jumping through them moves
You'd go and we'd need another plane
So let's cut out all the nonsense
And go blow up Pakistan
How cater needs a nuclear tank
And why don't we stop pussyfoot
And go blow up Pakistan
Bum, bum
And then the Lord said
Let there be light and low
There was light from the same people
Who brought you the much beloved talking Bible
Comes a new 10 volume set
Brilliantly updated for the 80s
Yes, it's the wrapping Bible
There was dark everywhere
Then the man said
Light was there
I've done good, there's no doubt
On the seventh day he just chilled out
Genesis, Genesis
Beginning of that, beginning of this
Finally the good book is that
And his word is that
Check it out, there's a cow called Sodom
And the woman, everybody bloody black and low tomorrow
God looked down, said, now my fault
Don't look back or you turn to song
That's white, triple-peat
Started to freak, the cow came up and linked to a cheek
Take a lick, y'all
I want you, y'all
Imagine all the songs, all the parables
Every sacred biblical word
Interpreted by the finest soccer MCs of all time
Genesis, Genesis
Turn around
The wrapping Bible
Making his word fresh again
When a story is too big for the other cable news channels
Only one man is big enough to break it down in this scrumptious little sound bites
It's Fatman on MSNBC
Hi, I'm Jerry Fatman
Tonight we'll seek our teeth into the problems on Wall Street
But first I want to get this double dog down
Oh, damn, I ate a wrapper again
We've nights at 70's, Jerry Fatman devours the issues of the day
Like the Middle East
These Palestinians can blow up buses
They can blow up schools
But when they start blowing up delis
That's when America needs to get involved
Fatman on MSNBC
The new show that can only be filmed in wide-screen
I'm Jerry Fatman, tonight we'll have a round table discussion with Mr. Sulti
Mr. Pee-Not
This is Butterworth, Fetty Crocker, and a special medical report from Dr. Pepper
That's tonight on the next Fatman
Right here on the Food Network
Jerry, this is MSNBC
Right, you're going to finish those chips
Let's go, I'm also going to mine
Let's go Fatman, they're here
Can you make it, can you make it, can you make it, can you make it
Can you make it, can you make it, can you make it, can you make it, can you make it
Can the Hague and Berthens and the Shug and Berthens and the Keler and the Keg
If you know, I'm a woman, I'm a Jesus, I'm straight in
Rasta me, Rasta you, Rasta black, Rasta you
Rasta you, hey, Rasta you
I say I and I
I see who you are
Hey, how come you don't wear jet-lots
I'm not that off the top
I like Jimmy Cliff and I like that Smokashtrip
I like Mansu, right?
I am my greatest type of guy
Rasta me, Rasta you, Rasta black, Rasta you
Rasta you, Rasta you
I like gochetsho, and I like the motorbike
Chicken soup with honey, the luck
That's what I like, and have you ever tasted?
Crack fish, crack fish, cranks
Blinding and giving filter fish
That's much more my speed
Rasta me, Rasta you, Rasta black, Rasta you
Rasta you, I want me tell you, Rasta you
Hey, hang over here
I'll just hang over here
I'll just hang over here
Aw NaIK
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
oh, oh, oh your aquesta noticing,
National Brotherhood Week,
Lean on a horn and Sheriff Clark
Are dancing cheap to cheekers
Fun to nulagize the people you despise
As long as you don't let them in your school
Oh the poor folks, hate the rich folks
And the rich folks, hate the poor folks
All of my folks, hate all of your folks
It's American as apple pie, but during
National Brotherhood Week
Hello! National Brotherhood Week,
New Yorkers love the poise or weekends
Cause it's very chic
Step up and shake the hand of
Someone you can't stand, you can tolerate them if you try
Oh the Protestants, hate the Catholics
And the Catholics, hate the Protestants
And the Hindus, hate the Muslims
And everybody hates the Jews, but during
National Brotherhood Week,
National Brotherhood Week,
It's National Everyone's Smile,
Last One, and Other Hood Week,
Feed Nice to People Who Are
In Furrier To You,
It's Only For A Week,
So Have No Fear
Oh right, Be Grateful Light,
It Doesn't Last For A year
126, 56,
You know, you can hear them,
The Mad Dog at one hand,
You can treat them, we got, what do we got?
We got her a cool, and a hotline?
No, it's, uh, I'm on a wrong day.
Oh that's for the Panther Game,
The Shifko Panther Preview,
At 7 o'clock,
Panthers in a Pac-1 730,
Any K from GA after the game,
And Joe and Mark overnight,
Joe's very wounded,
That Boca Brian won't spend at least two grand
A flying first class,
The Vegas, and then bring a nice gift to his wedding,
Joe's very upset about that.
I'll tell you guys, it's not upset,
Who's always happy,
Who can weather the storm,
Come rain or shine,
A matter who wins the elections,
Tom Layman,
At Halopone,
That's why they've been around for 35 years,
Cause Tom kind of like goes with the flow,
And he also,
Oh, if don't mention the flow,
Flow,
Flow,
Brominees,
And I say,
Oh,
Balloons,
That's beautiful.
Yeah, thanks, Flow.
Or was it Mindy?
Anyway,
The Big Near Rogers deal is going on,
On our at Halopone X,
Save extra big dollars,
And all Pony X and GMC's in the stock,
Just mention,
Old Near Rogers,
Say, Hey Near,
Is getting older, never,
And they'll say,
All right, here's the next,
Extra discount.
Halopone X GMC,
At 134,
One South Dixie,
Highway, US 1 across from the falls,
Tech the complete line,
A great GMC SUV,
Is including that,
And it says SUV,
The year in the old,
Vibes,
SUV,
With the power of a sports car,
When you stop down to Halopone X,
By the way,
Get a hold of Tom Laman,
And whisper in his ear,
Neal says,
You guys got the worst copies
Ever seen in his life,
And that covers a lot of territory too.
Halop's also got a stupidest selection of dependable,
Used cars,
Trucks and SUVs,
And like I always say,
Why do I always say,
Because it's very important to you,
Because we have a lot of deadbeats,
Listen to the show,
Because the show is free.
But if you're one of those people
Who just can't get credit for lover money,
They'll cut you deal somehow,
Someway at Halopone X.
So get you the Neal Rogers deal going on,
Right now at Halopone X GMC,
Right across from the falls,
And they prestigious,
Highly congested,
South Dixie Highway,
Open every day,
Seven days a week,
You can give them a call at
305-238-4040.
So, you know,
Pick up that phone,
305-238-4040,
Halopone X GMC,
Who be,
Professional Grade.
The life in the old,
We're sports radio 5 CC,
UAM.
Ishted with the sewer of this place.
I'm like,
You should devote all your time to it.
And I'll just,
Well, I'll stay home, you know.
Ha, ha, ha,
I'll take care of things.
Like, in care of business.
Ha, ha,
I'm a BTL player, man.
Ha, ha, ha.
This Hillary Burlock in Seoul
Is the damn thing I ever saw.
Your run's with the little goofy talk.
As soon as you never have him,
In New York, so change your mind,
Running in Illinois.
Hey, hey, hey,
We don't believe that you're a Yiki fan.
No sign, we don't beat you in bad democrats.
Hillary Burlock in Seoul.
Hey, show you, L.A.
All Y.
Hillary, Hillary.
The temperature is zero.
It is cold.
It is so freaking cold.
And I cringe every time the wind blows.
In my pants,
Something is shrinking.
I'm so cold I can't
Lick sink.
That's because it's zero baby.
And I cannot feel my thoughts.
There's a tingling in my fingers.
And my pride that parts are frozen.
Oh, my nose is about to fall off.
There's a cloud every time that I call.
And my hands are blue.
They are turning numb.
They might ampute it.
My thoughts.
That's because it's zero baby.
I can barely move my mouth.
Oh, no.
I'm a red hearted lover.
But first I need to be thought out.
Yes, I need to be thought out.
That's because it's zero.
That's it for you.
Thanks to the state of California.
Ibonics has become an official language.
But on the east coast in Brooklyn,
Pisanax is ruling the street.
I use guys check out the
**** and bambenos on that broad
and get a load of her poop.
English translation,
I really enjoy her company.
So last night,
I banged the hell out of this chicken
this real classy joint.
English translation,
I made love to her in the back of my chameleon.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm the main tenance director.
We're all the youth hang out.
English translation,
I'm a janitor at the elementary school.
If you'd like to get your copy of
Hooked on Pisanax,
just stuff some money in a plain brown envelope
and shove it under the back door of
Mario's over on the west side
and we'll be in touch.
This Sunday,
all the sopranos.
So what, no ****?
Do you know?
Hey!
Well, me.
What's up, my ****?
It's just his ass.
It comes to Pro's Act.
You would take the lips.
Go with the tits.
Tuttle **** though.
You mother ****.
He's got a real **** attitude problem.
Why'd you kick me in a ****ing head?
The words will come blowing out your ass.
Put it in your shirt on.
I'm getting it, Toby.
There's two things I'm good at.
It's all intense.
It's spotting good **** jobs.
I might not be able to wipe my own ass.
You know that.
You're born to this ****.
I'm not babbling it at.
Can you just shut the **** up about it?
Stick it up your ass.
Yeah, we touch a **** off.
Can't you stop under the vaporizer?
You're stupid mother ****, you know that?
You **** piece of ****.
Oh, now please don't start with the name.
This **** is your problem.
Or the ****ing audience with the Pope.
I bet you're very good to your mother.
****.
You **** what?
Yeah **** you.
Are you **** going to make a **** day, huh?
It's nothing but a bracket for the Jews.
Jesus Christ.
How you doing?
No, Zing.
Eat your money, God.
I can't eat there.
It's got cholesterol.
Can I just get some macaroni and gravy?
It's **** you.
You **** you.
**** me.
I don't like that kind of talk.
Anybody else want a mouth off?
This I'm going to bokeh.
Welcome back to the highly rated,
oh, how are the David's in the show?
I'm your wife.
Putting to my own straggation.
Okay, stupid.
Where were we?
We were doing this.
No, you were doing that to me.
Oh, yeah, sorry, Mo.
That's better.
Oh, Ron Day.
Chris?
Nick, I didn't see you could play that desk.
Okay.
Ron Day.
Now you.
Chris.
Carl.
Yeah, I wasn't.
Ron Day gets me.
That's that's it.
That I might watch you pump.
Dang.
Ron Day.
Yeah.
He's up with you.
Far.
What's with that kung fu, Grick?
Sorry, Mo.
We got one of our three-thirty important callers
on the line here.
WQAM, what do you want?
Can we hear that?
Yeah, Mo.
I just...
Come on, come on, spin it out.
What's your cake?
Oh, Ron.
You don't understand the goddamn thing you're saying?
What are you doing?
I'm playing with my very poker.
I'm all head down.
Oh, that's quite understandable.
Why, are you sometimes...
Don't be out.
Don't be out.
Yeah, you'll be.
He's a...
Ah!
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
God be told now.
Almost there.
Say, oh, Ron Day.
Ron Day.
Ron Day.
Ron Day.
Ron Day.
Ron Day.
Ron Day.
Ron Day.
Ron Day.
Ron Day.
Ron Day.
Ron Day.
Ron Day.
Oh.
You don't...
Array.
Uh-oh.
Look at that.
I got it all over my winky.
Yeah.
20 watts, I'll do that fine until noon.
Don't say that until one.
Oh, brother, that'd be bad news.
Mad dog will be along at one o'clock to hump with three, and we've got to pant her hockey
game tonight, and all that stuff.
Hey, if you love your home, but you just don't have enough space to do all the things
you need to be doing, here's the answer for you.
Do hundreds of other people, to smart people like little Georgia, do, and call strictly
additions.
Whether you're having a baby, need another room.
Maybe you're converting a carport or patio and living space.
Maybe you're going into business for yourself and want to make a home orifice.
Well, here's the answer.
Just pick up the phone and call strictly to...
Seriously, next time I say that, I'm just getting up and walking out.
So pick up all.
There you're one stop shop, more space for your place, place with an absolutely worry for
your approach to expanding your living space.
There was no shows by the contractors.
Uh-uh, ain't going to happen.
In complete work, no chance.
No one expected bills, no worries about the job not getting done right, and they take
care of every single last detail.
They drop your blueprints, they get the building permits, handle all your inspections
too.
Strictly, this business has got that very easy, it's a simple, five step approach to total
customer satisfaction.
They want you to be satisfied.
First of all, they call the schedule a free project evaluation employment at your home,
where a project is made able to determine the exact scope of your addition.
Secondly, schedule a bit appointment in their convenience room where you'll get a detailed
proposal and an exact price to the penny for the work.
Third, select your finishing touches, go to contract, fourth review, there's on our
contextual drugs, and then fifth, last, and most definitely not least, you sit back
with a smile on your push and relax.
As your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality, it's as easy as, uh,
one, two, three.
Give strictly a distance of call, you can see there are in the other pages if you like,
they serve all are brown and south Palm Beach, call 954-791-8100.
That's 954-791-8100, they're licensed, they're insured professionals who wanted to
waste a dopendish job for you.
Trust me when I tell you.
Tell them that Old Neil told you to call strictly additions at 954-791-8100.
One can know the only one, he'd have to put the death stock lands into the rebellion's
hands so nook and OV-1 have to get to all the runs, so they stopped him too much
I'd like to have a drink with hot after Star Wars Star Wars campaigner, the weirdest
creatures you've ever seen on.
He's at the Star Wars Star Wars campaigner, music and master, then old Jedi masters at the Star Wars.
What that fool has told you?
He was sold on the console.
He was a pilot with a laughter at his side, and a smile well far sex wide there with
two fox guys.
He was the worst kid.
They met with Luke in OV-1 about the millennium, for him docking Bay 94.
Don't troopers at the door with a flash of ben's lights in.
Come here and hug the wall with the Star Wars Star Wars campaigner, the weirdest creatures
you've ever seen on.
He had the Star Wars Star Wars Cantina Music and Wasters and old Jedi Masters at the Star Wars
Most I should speak for him, he will never find the more retro-time Scumland-pillowy
He was decautions
His name was Yoda, he was a Muppet
Darth Vader was so bad and by the way he's loose that he kissed his sister
His hand got gone off in that gauzy far far away
Luke his hat allows you day over that was so meek
Jobber had bad hygiene
Why didn't they all just relax back on tap to eat at the Star Wars Star Wars Cantina
The wind reaches you've ever seen on the Star Wars Star Wars Cantina Music and Wasters and old Jedi Masters at the Star Wars
The thoughts will be with you
All the things that we've seen on the Star Wars
Cantina music plays
Think he'd die for head on the f***ers
Think he'd die for head on the f***ers
Think he'd die for head on the f***ers
Think he'd die for head on the f***ers
Let up with these goddamn hammer-juckies
As this pussy has political correctness
Rats in full you ninja
Around the big pretons
It shoveled up this fairly tight
Speak the movie
Think he'd die for head on the f***ers
Think he'd die for head on the f***ers
Think he'd die for head on the f***ers
Think he'd die for head on the f***ers
Think he'd die for head on the f***ers
Stinky type of head for the f***ers!
Stinky type of head for the f***ers!
That's a grapple hair!
We put a retarded girl in our all-new Machitsu B-sheet to show you how well it drives.
Our agency thought this would move some product out of the showroom.
Look at her gal!
This is funnier than watching retires at the park.
If someone had some fairly retarded, you can out that much fun in an interview.
She's having enough of a big change!
I'm not going to let you go!
I'm not going to let you go!
Back in the day when someone was wrong, we didn't take their crap.
In Pearl Harbor, when the jabs dropped their bombs, we bombed them bad.
And now the Saudis, they hit us hard.
And on our cards, our little flags wave.
As that Saudi-loving retard points the bombers the wrong way.
And of enbarras to be in America, where they found no boos like cheese.
The United States of arrogance, thereby push any family, breathing under country.
Up, and the late daughter of the darkest days in my history.
I don't want to be a packs of Americans in the goddamn USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives stop living in the nest?
If you want that SUV to drive, you're going to need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world!
They train us to believe.
And anyone who says that, obviously, ends up for to be.
And of enbarras to be in America, where we take trionically.
Wave a flag in one hand with our head in the sand, and blindly follow the powers that be.
Habitatik, fuck up, washing state for news on a 65 inch screen.
Scratch your balls and find everything's okay.
In the goddamn USA, out in America.
Stop the county far redone.
This part is hard to stop.
The county far redone.
Make sure that your keep on coming home over.
This face is home over.
Judge your farmer is aware that George's farm wants to soon try and food and talk.
The idea he's a dumbass in he wild.
Larian's farm is his ample time.
Don't bother them about him all this year now.
They want George to be proud.
Don't bother them about him all this year.
Don't bother them about him all this year.
Don't bother them about him all this year.
Stop the county far redone.
Make sure that George's farm is coming home over.
I'm ready to leave the country 180.
I'm ecstatic 116.
I'm a suicidal 82.
I don't give a shmit 52.
I'm a suicidal 82.
I'm a suicidal 82.
I'm a suicidal 82.
I'm a suicidal 82.
I'm a suicidal 82.
I was going to clean my room until I got hot.
I was going to get up and find the broom.
But then I got hot.
My room is still messed up.
And I know why.
Because I got hot.
I was going to go to class before I got hot.
I could have cheated and I could have passed.
I'm taking a next semester.
And I know why.
Because I got hot.
Because I got hot.
I was going to go to court.
I was going to pay my child support.
But then I got hot.
I know why.
Because I got hot.
I wasn't going to run from the cops.
But I was hot.
I was serious man.
I was going to pull right over and stop.
But I was hot.
I'm a tear up pleat shaking.
I know why.
Because I got hot.
Because I got hot.
I was going to make love to you.
I was going to eat your pussy too.
Now I'm chickeno.
And I know why.
Because I got hot.
I know why.
I know why.
I miss so much.
Because I got hot.
I lost my keys.
Because I got hot.
Now I'm sleeping on the sidewalk.
And I know why.
Because I got hot.
I'm not singing this song.
Because I'm hot.
I'm singing this whole thing wrong.
Because I'm hot.
And if I don't sell one copy.
I'm a wild one.
Because I'm hot.
Because I'm hot.
Are you light on me?
Because I'm hot.
He really is hot.
What a sensational way to close it up.
He'll be next tanker three hockey tonight.
I'm climbing 16th on the QAN Miami for learning.
Kill some people.
