Then if guy's f**king blow!
Happy day to you.
Happy day to you.
Happy day to you.
Oh god, oh god.
Happy day to you.
Oh god.
You never know who will call Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio.
Howard David, voice of the Miami Dog.
I'm going to tell you what, and you don't need the shameless plug.
But I listen to you guys every day.
You guys are doing a hell of a job.
It's fun to listen to and O'Brien.
I mean the whole thing you guys are doing there is great.
What?
Did I hear that right?
Back up the tape.
By listening to you guys every day.
You guys are doing a hell of a job.
It's fun to listen to and O'Brien.
I mean the whole thing you guys are doing there is great.
Wow, even Mohauer David listens to Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio.
Exactly.
Hope you've seen me in the ring. You better than I am.
Even the competition agrees.
The Neil Rogers show on WZTA Miami Beach,
Fort Lauderdale and the Palm beaches is the best morning show in South Florida.
I think I was just a nice girl on an A.L. station as a hero in my book.
You're like, face time is the quietest.
You got no problem with me.
Even the other morning shows listen to the Neil Rogers show on Zeta 4.
I hope you've beaten me in the ring.
You better than I am.
You never know who will call Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio.
Howard David, voice of the Miami Dulles.
I'm going to tell you what, and you don't need the shame.
It was plug.
But I listen to you guys every day.
You guys are doing a hell of a job.
It's fun to listen to and O'Brien.
I mean the whole thing you guys are doing there is great.
What?
Did I hear that right?
Back up the tape.
By listening to you guys every day.
You guys are doing a hell of a job.
It's fun to listen to and O'Brien.
I mean the whole thing you guys are doing there is great.
Wow.
Even Mo Howard David listens to Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio.
Exactly.
And welcome back to the Howard David jaw.
What is that?
It's a pink toy.
Let that guy who played the father.
What are you stupid?
Everybody hates or stupid?
Get that off there.
Okay.
Okay.
Besides, if you recall as my yesterday's meeting,
I made my own open.
Now play it.
Yeah, but see if you...
You will obey me.
I said play it.
Hello again.
From paradise.
I am the mayor of Morning Dry.
And if you fail to kiss my brown eyes,
I can see the leaf on that blue die.
You never know who will call Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio.
Howard David, voice of the Miami Dog.
I'm gonna tell you what.
And you don't need the shame.
It was plug.
But I will.
I listen to you guys every day.
You guys are doing a hell of a job.
It's fun to listen to and O'Brien.
I mean the whole thing you guys are doing there is great.
What?
Did I hear that right?
Back up with him.
I listen to you guys every day.
You guys are doing a hell of a job.
It's fun to listen to and O'Brien.
I mean the whole thing you guys are doing there is great.
Wow.
Even Mohawar David listens to Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio.
Exactly.
Evidently.
904-560-WDQ.
I'm happy worth it.
And me.
George got me as usual another great gift.
This one I'm gonna actually use.
What?
Well, I mean like that great exercise bike you got me a few years ago.
Oh, no.
I mean, it's a nice thing.
I'm gonna use it.
A digital still camera.
I'm thinking I can like hover in the window in there and take pictures of most pieces moving around.
When that'd be great.
Can you see me standing in the window with that little thing?
And the camera too.
Anyway, quite a countertops around here I guess after I have no idea how we got that Fox Sports promo.
But somewhere it like sneaked right under the door where it seems to happen a lot on the show.
Thanks to Randy Maltosch my good friends at the ticket offense team.
Beautiful, beautiful thing.
A floral whatever.
What is it?
It's about a plant.
It's a plant but not just a plant a beautiful plant, huh?
Two or three kinds of plant in a big basket without now two or three different kinds of flowers.
And anyway, thanks Randy.
Great guy.
Also a bunch of birthday cards.
Thanks to my good buddy Wayne Arnold at Arles Royal Castle.
125th and Northwest 7th Avenue.
See there's the free plug way and you're the best.
And Hudson too.
And thanks to Diane and Boyton Vich who sends me a very provocative almost x-rated birthday card.
A little disappointing though when you open up on the inside.
Oh.
At any rate.
Who's this from?
Oh and a nice Scarlettus from Don Bailey Jr.
There's a good guy.
We got a few good people around here.
As a matter of fact yesterday I get off the air at one o'clock and who's standing in the doorway there with Ken Maldon.
But my good friend Joe Zagaki.
And we had a nice handshake and a good chat for two or three minutes.
We bonded.
See because I tried to explain to the audience for a long time.
With Joe and me it's business.
It's not personal.
I know Joe for years.
Joe is a good guy.
We liked you.
We have no problem with Joe Zagaki other than he's boring.
But that, you know, he's that's business.
And a person of his good guy.
And he gets it.
He gets it.
He don't take it personal.
He gets it.
Unlike some people who take it personal because they're too uptight.
You never know who will call Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio.
How are you David?
Voice of the Miami dog.
I'm going to tell you what.
And you don't need the shameless plug.
But I listen to you guys every day.
You guys are doing a hell of a job.
It's fun to listen to and O'Brien.
I mean the whole thing you guys are doing there is great.
What?
Did I hear that right?
I got the taste.
I listen to you guys every day.
You guys are doing a hell of a job.
It's fun to listen to and O'Brien.
I mean the whole thing you guys are doing there is great.
Wow.
Even Mohawar David listens to Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio.
Exactly.
Oh, huh.
9.06 here's a card.
Nice card from Phil who's family lives in Amsterdam.
Time to get that monkey off your back by the way.
Phil, people are talking.
Now they're trained monkey.
Don Bailey, Jr.
Who's this?
A Wayne Arnold?
And a couple of other run outs.
That's what it did.
I don't want to overdo it.
And at this advanced stage of my life who the hell wants to see it.
Thanks from John Portse, loosely by the way.
Here's a picture of some of our trailer trash folks in Florida.
And the big science is teach our children reading, writing, and arithmetic.
Not whatever else it was going to say.
I'm sure psych.
Obviously another Florida grad.
Aritha Tech.
Yeah.
Another product of the great Florida education system.
Anybody's having any problem voting today?
The wait's are only going to be two, three, four hours, five hours, six hours.
Just take the day off.
Especially in Broward County.
Where they have two thousand less of those voting machines that end day.
Even though Broward's got the most number of voters.
If you recall back on September 10 in the primary.
We're always making fun of the Yahoo's in Tampa and St. Pete, all those people on the west coast.
The fact of the matter is that even in those very heavily populated counties like Hillsborough and Peneas County.
That they have no problem.
By like 10, 30, 11 o'clock on September 10 on election night in the primary.
They all their votes were tallied.
It was a done deal.
I was the end of that.
And down here the same old tired crap.
I don't want to at the risk of sounding racist again.
If Miriam Elephant were white, they think she'd still be working all the way.
I will say this in all fairness.
David Leahy last time I saw him.
He was still white and he's still got that job.
And there's something very, very wrong with all of that.
As a matter of fact, Bill Humper from CNN is down here, Miami.
On election day, why do you think that is?
And he just had our good friend Ed and Buchanan on there talking about us being the laughing stock of the universe.
The only thing you don't understand, Bill, is we don't care.
We're used to it.
We're consistent.
We may not be good, but at least we're consistent.
We're consistently incompetent inept full of crap.
1049 votes on a poll yesterday.
Here's a note from Laurie.
A happy birthday note.
We also went out and voted for Bill.
Listener and Sunrise went out and voted for Bill McBride.
No matter what they say, what he's polls and Jeb is eight points ahead.
And this one is so many points ahead.
Just go out there and take four or five dark folks with you.
Okay, make sure they get to the polls and vote.
And you will monitor the situation.
Make sure that they all get to vote.
And don't get asked for like 85 pieces of ID.
1049 votes.
How do you feel about the election?
It's very important 374.
I'm voting, but not excited.
295.
It's life and death.
148.
I'm not voting why bother 143.
That's the worry.
89.8% say what?
Me worry.
Like what are we going to do about it?
I don't know.
I have kind of like missed emotions about the whole thing.
You know what?
Like I don't want to say it's a lost cause.
But you know what?
But you don't live here anymore.
It's a lost cause.
That's one good thing there.
Right.
I just kind of like have a legal residence, but generally speaking.
I stay away from here as much as humanly possible.
I think that's a good thing to be asked me.
Yes.
Anyway, here's today's poll.
In the wake of that grotesque unbelievable, perhaps even unprecedented thing we just played.
About 20 times already.
And you're going to hear a lot more today in case you missed it.
Call all your friends.
A promo that they're actually playing on one of the lowest rated sports stations in the history of mankind next to the fan.
You're lead departed.
That's Fox Sports, Slot Sports.
And come to find out that it was an unsolicited call that Mohawar David called into the laughing hyena Tony Bruno show.
Unsolicited to consult with the enemy.
I wonder if you think that their pan on is a payroll.
No.
No, they's not in their payroll yet.
Maybe he ought to be.
Maybe they'd like to have him over there is the mayor of the morning in that paradise.
I think that'd be a great idea.
What do you think, Geldie?
What do you think?
Now we can find somebody get Carolyn back in there with Geldie.
Get that pompous ass out of there in the morning.
At least Geldie mentioned my name today and I guarantee if he didn't have the shadow of the pompous one hanging over all those threats.
He might even not have to make any difference whether they mentioned our name or not.
Just the way it's done.
Just the way it's done.
You know, call up the competing radio station and say, oh you guys are doing a great job.
I listen to every day about about it.
See the thing with Joey and me on Zeta.
That was a regular thing we had going with all the other FM stations.
I mean, that was just comedy.
But this guy's actually concerning with the enemy.
Of course, going out of his way to do while I'm on the ears.
I'll show you.
I'll show you.
Yeah, you showed me all right.
Now see, looking peace.
Bring in the good one tomorrow, Mo.
11 Pat.
Does he have a good one?
11 after 9 at 560 WQ.
And here's the poll.
What should the punishment be for Moe Howard David sucking up to the enemy Fox Sports Monday?
That's the poll.
Here's your seven choices.
One, two, three, four, five, seven choices.
Fire his old ass.
Steal his two pays.
He gets raped by the whole staff.
He gets raped.
Wait, wait, wait.
Whole staff at which station?
Oh, both.
He gets raped by freaky Carlos.
No penalty.
He gets a gold star in a purple jelly bean.
Now nobody will remember that unless they remember the old Jerry Wichner show with a gold star in a purple jelly bean.
Old Farts like me.
Banish him from Paradise.
Or who's Moe Howard David?
Those are your seven choices on today's award winning pool on your Rogers dot com.
Here's something that's award winning.
Oliomed start pop it in your purse.
It'll make you feel better.
It'll make you healthier.
I guarantee you that.
Because Oliomed are scientifically developed Mediterranean formulas.
Advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with good stuff.
Vitamins and minerals, herbals.
All kinds of other nutrients are in there.
Scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions for different parts of your health.
For example, Oliomed has got three brand new formulas.
One to help you sleep.
One to help you control your weight and coque 10 for your heart.
All using the benefits of the purest olive oil you'll be finding anywhere.
Oliomed is a great and exciting new product which you can pick up at publics, records and Walgreens.
How about those dolphins?
How about that Ray Lucas?
Oh!
For more information call Oliomed tool 3 and 1-866 Oliomed.
That's 1-866-6536-633.
You can also order their products online if you like it.
Oliomedamerica.com.
And if you're visiting nearest publics and buying Oliomed product and brow today,
you can get you a coupon for a free Larry Coker bobblehead doll while supplies last.
Don't wait too long on that baby.
Because those might be worth something someday, you think?
No.
Don't forget to visit their sampling pavilion at its fourth center every Sunday when the dolphins are playing home games
and pick up some free Oliomed samples and product information for your health, for your body, for your father.
Get some Oliomed and start popping it in your push today.
Oh my goodness!
This is Sports Radio Fies City.
You way out.
Finished with the sewer of this place.
Stupid.
The money, love and retard points the bombers the wrong way.
And oven barrows to be in Americans where they follow those like cheese.
The United States of Americans, led by Bush and his family, re-legraph this country.
Up, an appealing door to the darkest days in our history.
He'll soon people.
They train us to believe.
And anyone who says that, obviously, and before to be.
And oven barrows to be in America where we pay three logically.
We've a flag in what has with our hand in the sand and blindly follow the powers that he have aesthetic.
Up, washing state produce on a 65 inch screen.
Scratch your balls and find everything's okay.
In the goddamn USA.
Oh, what's America?
You never know who will call Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio.
Howard David, voice of the Miami Dog.
And you don't need the shameless plug.
But I listen to you guys every day.
You guys are doing a hell of a job.
It's fun to listen to and all Brian.
I mean, the whole thing you guys are doing there is great.
What?
Did I hear that right?
Back up with Terry.
If I listen to you guys every day, you guys are doing a hell of a job.
It's fun to listen to and all Brian.
I mean, the whole thing you guys are doing there is great.
Wow, even Mohawar David listens to Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio.
Exactly.
Come on, by the way, the H over there, too, Mo.
I don't want you to feel bad, but the H over there, too.
918 at 560 WQIM, a very scandalous episode yesterday.
One of the worst in the history of broadcasting, I would think.
Not that anybody around here cares.
They'll give them like a dirty look and say straight in your two pay out.
Mo and it'll be about it.
They're scared of this old man.
Nine votes on there already.
We just, they're just put it up.
Stuck it right up there.
What should the punishment be for Mohawar David sucking up to the enemy Fox Sports Monday?
Who's Mohawar David for?
That always seems to went out, you know what?
Mohawar David.
Fire is old, I asked three.
Steel is two pays one and banish him from Paradise One.
The other ones don't have any votes yet, but they will.
Trust me, they will.
So anybody vote yet?
Only going to take you like four or five, six hours in Broward.
Don't let, don't be deterred by that.
Because that's what the whole idea is.
Because Broward, of course, being the most liberal and the most heavily democratic county
in the state, the most populist as well.
That's the game plan.
That's probably why we have two thousand less voting machines in Broward to keep as many people
from voting as possible.
These are the same people who wanted to bring this kind or gentler fashions back to America.
And I think they succeeded.
It's not important that you get to vote unless, of course, you're a very light-complexed.
That's the important part.
Did you see George P up there on stage introducing Daddy?
Oh, brother.
No, he was like, God.
Spinning around like a dreidel in heat.
Another donkey face.
And if you notice what a, the governor is kind of like chubbed up a little bit.
Yeah.
Instead of, yeah, they ought to call him chub or shrub.
Huh?
In fact, when the two of them were together on stage, I could have introduced them as chub and shrub.
Would have been good.
But he's, I don't know what that's all about.
Why does he got a lot of stress?
You know, he's got that one daughter that's got the little, little bit of a Noah's problem or something.
A little bit of a Noah's problem or something.
And then back into seems to that family.
And then the two sons just are like over here a height and sex crazed and whatever else.
And then the wife she's got this habit of smuggling stuff in.
But other than that, it's a good, the Board of Game Christian family, if you ask me.
Five six.
I beg your pardon?
Some of them are Catholic.
Well, that's right.
I'm sorry. I keep forgetting.
But well, he didn't, he used to be Board of Game Till.
He rubbed off on him.
Now he's now he's wearing a cross.
In fact, George's got his own just, just for the election today, we got our own everything.
I'm going to, in fact, where's my old Yarmico's?
Do we have any of those?
Oh, there's the pile of them.
Oh, there's the pile of them.
Oh, I got it.
The pile of them.
Oh, this is the one I want.
With the beanie, with the prop, with the propeller on it.
It reminds me of Greg.
Did you see the story about the Greg on the, the fun, the grand father of spring break?
What does his name Greg something?
He's dying of liver cancer.
That's so sad.
It is.
Have you ever seen him?
He wears, he, you've never seen him?
No.
He wears the beanie with the propeller on it to cap and all kinds of stuff.
Yeah.
So I got my skull cap, my Yarmico, my schmatto on the head with the propeller no less.
And George has got the rosary, the, with the propeller.
I should probably put a pair of, uh, set on of beads.
Yeah.
Can't hurt.
Put on a set of beads.
Let's pray today for, uh, same goodbye to the jet-meister.
I don't think we got a prayer, but let's give it a shot anyway.
Okay.
All you dark folks out there, don't forget, vote four, five, six, seven times.
At least.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Uh, first of all, happy birthday from Madison, Wisconsin.
Thank you so much.
I was at the game last night.
And you should have saw Moelstreatin' her out in the field before the game.
Really?
You'd have thought he owned that place.
Yeah, I couldn't get close enough, but I could tell who he was by the roadkill on his head.
By the aroma, probably.
Yeah.
Um, one thing you, uh, up here in Wisconsin, I don't know if you know, we had Moeldo in the Bucks Games for a while here a few years ago.
Why didn't know that?
So, yeah, we already know all about Moel.
Mm-hmm.
And one other thing, uh, he was in WTMJ a few weeks ago.
You mentioned Earl Glesby in WTMJ in the game.
Right.
And you wanted to know who his partner was with Blaine Walsh.
Oh, yeah.
Well, that's so long ago.
Yeah.
So, anyways, happy birthday and Moel, he was strutting it up here last night.
Well, I was job last night, of course.
It could have been, really, it should have been about 48 to nothing, but nevertheless, I guess they took kindly the poor dolphins.
There might be people coming up here.
Yeah.
Ray Lucas isn't going to be the answer.
Maybe for Piper High School, he might be okay.
Have a great day, pal.
Yeah, you bet, bye.
Okay, vote early and often in Wisconsin, whatever they're voting for up there, not too much, I guess.
See, this thing, this is not shaped well, so you have to wear it over the front.
Oh, I see.
That's the most waiting one.
Well, I'll find another one.
This one doesn't get the judge and do justice.
How about if you wear like kind of like...
There you go.
With the tilt on it.
WQAM.
Hi, Neil.
Happy birthday.
Thanks.
I'm going to report on my voting experience.
Excellent.
That's what we want to hear all day today.
I live in North Miami and where I went to vote, it's pretty quiet, laid back.
Really?
No problems.
Yeah, I live on the right side of the truck as you're heading towards the Bay Harbor, so it's not so dark in the park of North Miami that I live in.
Really?
However, the only thing, it was pretty easy with the electronic voting apparatus.
The only difficult part was there is an amendment having something to do with the death penalty, rewarding the death penalty.
Oh, the 549 word...
The thing went from the top of the screen all the way to the spot.
I needed like five attorneys to my left.
Holding in a state like this where they put a 50,000 word amendment on a ballot with everything else.
And I mean, I couldn't concentrate on just understanding what everybody's talking about me.
See, I think what a lot of people...
Well, I mean, I can't tell people what to do, but it would seem to me one of the logical things.
If you find something that's so long and confusing, just skip it.
You don't have to vote on everything that's on it. Just skip it.
But there was that and other parts, so I just left blank and skipped it.
Right.
I didn't want to deal with that.
When did I leave it out?
But I did vote for McBride for Governor.
I wish I could vote.
Oh, right!
50 more times.
And it would be great for if they present for you if Jeb was gone tomorrow.
Oh, the best.
You can only hope and pray.
Two things.
One, and I've heard other people call about this.
I'm still waiting for my CD which I ordered a month ago.
I'm hoping to have it before more than enough to get Social Security if there's any left.
Maybe. I wouldn't bet on it, but maybe.
And the other thing is, you want to take a break from election coverage.
There's a new small deal tonight.
What day is it?
Tuesday.
Oh, it's Tuesday. That's right. See, I'm confused. I know it.
When it gets to be your 60th birthday, you lose track of everything.
It's a very frightening thing.
Some lady shows up claiming to be Tom.
Yeah, I saw the previous of that. The tonight figures to be one of the best ones of all.
Great. So I'm definitely going to be two minutes.
Thanks for the reminder.
Have a good day. You too.
Yeah, see, I'm slipping. That's two out of three weeks. I nearly forgot.
That would have been bad because tonight's going to be heavy duty.
Yeah, for my birthday, Clark's going to give me a big surprise of what I'm hearing.
Here's the fact this is happy birthday, Nile.
My brother and I enjoy your show. My brother who shall remain nameless Paul.
Is it? Is it you? I'm a graduate. I'd like to show you.
But disagree with your opinion on you.
Marricay.
He says you're full of it when it comes to you.
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, 일단er, I mean, sell it, sell it.
I
32 at 560 WQA I'm happy election day. Do you want everybody out there who agrees with us of course?
What are you smiling about that's the truth if you don't agree with us data? Hello home, okay?
That isn't much better looking young. Look up by the way
It is yeah, oh this is
Why Lee coyote this is me 86 votes on a pool what should the punishment be for more Howard David sucking up to the enemy Fox sports with that
I've not just called it Tony the laughing hyena Bruno yesterday
Who's more Howard David 29?
That always seems to lead the way they have no idea who you are. I'm getting proud fire is old ass 25
Steel is to pays 14 let's see. It's changing again
He gets raked it by the whole staff 10 vanishing from paradise for he gets raped by freaky Carlos 3 and no penalty gets a gold start a purple jelly bean one
Poor Jerry what's there if he could just infuse matter of fact that Jerry were still around the computer to pays
See Jerry is much more creative. He didn't have to have a whole bunch of them for different days
He just had one chameleon one. They used to change colors depending on his mood depending on how tough the ride was down the Ho Chi Minh trail
Bush calls calls critical of McBride
In the Palm Beach Post just a day before the election meaning yesterday
Governor Jeff Bush stopped the company tied to the Christian coalition for making telephone calls claiming challenger Bill McBride
Doesn't support traditional families
Atlanta based on by the way speaking of the Huracones are we getting screwed?
Don't you think there's a conspiracy in the BC as pull another we're down at number three and also by the way now that the
Huracones had such a tough game against the little girls team Saturday and the dolphins
Got embarrassed last night
Aren't we cursed to live here?
See a couple of weeks ago we were blessed to live here and now we realize especially on election day
It's gonna be a mess. We are cursed to be here. Oh, there's that silly ass Dave Barry on CNN
One of the silliest guys never said a funny thing in his life
And yeah exactly that was the fact that's the funniest thing you ever said right there
You know what sounded a little bit like a little like that
Let's make get him a mo together
Anyway, Atlanta based century strategies began sending out the automated messages Saturday to 50,000 religiously conservative Floridians
claiming the message was paid for by the Bush campaign
And maybe if the Huracones would play like I'll hell of a lot more games against real teams instead of like 90% against
Big east and little girls teams like Florida a&m
Maybe they might think it'll a little more recognition. Okay, so quit your whining. We're getting screwed
It's a conspiracy much a whiners
But Bush said he heard the calls only yesterday after McBride raised a ruckus over the issue of not supporting marriage
I didn't know about the calls. I don't support them at all. I said take him down as quick as you can Bush said
Sure, I don't think it's true that there's only one candidate who supports the traditional family. That's outrageous
Mr McBride does as well. He said
The phone message waiting to hear who made the message the phone message which correctly states that McBride supports the right to abortion
And Bush doesn't was recorded by century strategies found or Ralph Reed
That little twerp the former president of the national Christian coalition
McBride said the calls work the kind of unacceptable tactics that his campaign is avoided
I'm proud of the way we've campaigned. This is the kind of stuff that shouldn't be tolerated
Others involved with this campaign were less kind
It just shows how low they'll go to win the elections said Bob Poe Florida Democratic Party chairman
Their ruthless in their pursuit of power and Bob you are absolutely correct
The phone calls and mail or coincide with a heightened religious tone to Bush's campaign
For the past two Sundays Bush's campaign and predominantly white Baptist churches
In predominantly white Baptist churches where he's expressed his unflagging support of protecting innocent life and traditional families
It's the fetus huggers
The good old boys against everybody else especially you dark. He's not the matter where it is except our Cuban friends
That's what it's all about
There's the lovely Tommy with an even not now. He's wearing a hat too. That won't get the job done
Not that rain catcher. Tommy's wearing the rain catcher
Bush reached out to Christian conservatives in his first election
Which he nearly lost it and given a lot in Charles 94
Bush moderated his tone and idea when he won but now it's gloves off baby
Now he's a good farbic and a right winged boy and they like it
I just I still don't get it. I mean can the majority of people in the state be of that ill-cure
I see
That's right I forgot where it was
That's right. I forgot oh bad news by the way. Got some very bad news always some sad news
King of Skiffle
Lonnie Donigan dies at 71
died yeah
King of Skiffle Lonnie Donigan once a big influence on the Beatles has died at the age of 71 after collapsing on tours publicists
They say yesterday
Donigan changed the face of British popular music launching a Skiffle boom. Did you ever hear that?
No neither die
The Skiffle boom of the 50s with hits that range from rock island line through cumble and gap to the of course the most favorite
And best is does your chewing gum lose its flavor on a bed post overnight. No, that's a skiffle
The singer would suffer several heart attacks and was campaigning a backtrouble by it Sunday with his third wife Sharon and son Peter at his side
In the central English town of Peterborough
He was halfway through a British tour now already been forced to cancel two shows because of ill-health
Donigan was hailed as the voice of Skiffle a gritty blood and a folk jazz gospel and
Which the Beatles acknowledges a major influence
Eric Clapton had invited Donigan to perform an attribute concert later this month performer Beatle George Harrison
John Lennon was playing a Skiffle band to quarryman when he first met Paul McCartney, but she didn't know that
Nope. Well now you learn something already not even 10 o'clock and you learn a whole bunch of stuff
Like that Ralph Reed is the right wing. Oh, we already knew that asshole. We knew that
And then Moe Howard David is concerning with the enemy
I think that you know
They're probably gonna try to like cover that up again
Just like his comment about the bullet through the head. I did a grotesque unacceptable things. He's done here. I know
But they are small potatoes
I mean this guy is like out of control unbelievable. Oh look at this bushes refore madness
This is gonna. We have to read this and only goes on about 7,000 pages. Thanks Gary
How long is this damn thing? Oh my god like I said it only goes on about seven pages not thousand and it's seven pages
Too long
Thanks anyway Gary me but we're good to it and maybe not
Wtq. I am
Hello
Gone oh brother while I probably went to vote again Wtq. I am
Hi Neil. Yes, sir happy to you. Thanks. I voted this morning
Yeah, and I wanted to make sure that everybody make sure that they check the vote
After they register them all and they have the page that reviews it. Mm-hmm. I voted for McBride
I I knew all my things I studied them before I went I voted the machine got them
Seven wrong including the governor's race
Bush showed up as governor no matter how I voted
And that and let me tell you it happened to somebody else in the same polling place and my next door neighbors that it happened to her yesterday
And Bush showed up no matter how you voted. Well coming back to Bush the second time I voted
I you know, I brought it back to the page and I called the guy over. I said this machine's not working right
And I
Went and voted for McBride again brought up the first page. It was empty with blank. Mm-hmm. I had to do it three times
Then the guy shut down that he said well that we have to
Yeah, he says we have to reprogram this machine. Yeah, I said reprogram it. What are you kidding? I mean
And like I said it was happening to somebody else in the same poll
I heard them talking about it on the other side
That's why that's why over the weekend they up the because they the fixes in bigger than it was before
So they up the poll margins so it doesn't look too suspicious when he winds up winning by 15 points
Well, I it's very depressing. I'm very upset and Tadatria at the year, you know, I am so sick of religion. I could pukes
But in any case, I want everybody to make sure they please pull up if you don't have to go through anything else
You don't want to just make sure you check to make sure the right governor is gonna elect it
Unbelievable any place else but here very very
Thanks to the thanks for the good effort and have a happy
She's not that old meal. Yeah, especially here. See you
Yeah, let me tell you right now this election is fixed. Okay. This election is fixed
There's no question about it. Just like every election in Florida
And this isn't something brand new. This isn't just the bush people
This goes all the way back to the metro fail speaking to my friend Richard Friedman to call with that boring call yesterday
The metro fail back in what year was that that was a long time ago
One two, whatever it was
Yeah, it was during Reagan. So it was in the early 80s the metro fail election totally totally bogus totally fixed
All night long and that was one of those elections where they tried to rig it because if you were in favor of it
Vote know if you were against it vote yes the same old twisted crap like did it on the uh Mickey Irson arena confused the voters
Screw them all up
And all night long you're watching the returns on there with Ralph redneck
And it's losing it's losing it's losing people don't want to go to metro rail
Want to spend the billions of dollars for a fair for a train of course to nowhere
I mean, it's great for the people at shorties and that's about it, you know
And the people downtown all 100 of them who work downtown
And then all of a sudden late at night. Well the votes just came in from homestead and it's uh passed
Can't you I can't you just imagine all those people in homestead relanxions to have a
Uh metro rail system and built that ends like on Dixie highway and uh where we're going to highlight is
Sure then they can take it to downtown
But they can't take it to downtown. It's not anywhere. It's like nowhere near them unless they move to high alia well
942 another fixed election in Florida all you people from CNN you better
Strap yourselves in baby because it's got to be another long night not just around the rest of the country
But especially here because the fix is in make no mistake about it
In fact, this probably be the last election we ever have
I think after the big Republican sweep this time today which it probably will be uh that'll be it
We just won't bother with elections anymore. They'll say it's too difficult. We can't get the technology right so we aren't gonna have anymore
Yeah
Just like our friends the Saudis. Did they have any elections? No, so let's be a lot more like them. We'll have more oil that way
Let's face it you've been here at about fast train for a long time
I wonder if it makes sense for you the facts are simple like so many of you people out there are simple
If you have the dedication fast train will provide you with an necessary train to become a certified computer professional
According to Time magazine prestigious time magazine the demand for computer professionals is exploding
It's getting bigger every day in the demand too
The average student completes the training in just four short months attending school only three nights a week
Once you complete your certification fast train and hope you're getting a great new computer job and making a big fat paycheck
Every payday fast train advice you to come in and visit their train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you
Maybe it's north field downs. Maybe it's Hazel Park. Maybe it's Saginaw harness raceway or Batavia downs
Call fast train toll free at 1 866 fast train to self-in-appointment with four convenient locations
There's bound to be a location near you. They're in Kindle Miami
Pemberprimes in Fort Lauderdale probably new not too awfully far from shorties in Kindle and don't forget to ask the career counselor
For list of students like yourself who are currently in their dream jobs call fast train toll free
1 866 fast train. I like driving up a down the Dixie highway and seeing those empty trains going back and forth and back and forth
That's 1 866 fast train or check them out in the wicked worldwide web if you like it fast train
My
And look all six is for 205 city
Joey sucked
Oh, I'd like to know who won the election
Said I'd like to know who won the election
Can't the vote count the vote lady count the vote count the vote over count the vote count the vote lady count the vote count the vote over count the vote
Ever since this presidential race began
Live up and wondered who was going to win
Some palm beach people went to do their voting chore
So count up for the ballots and find out who's got more
Those old folks seem to have one thing in common looks like lots of them just keep their votes to Patrick you can and boy
So I'd like to know who won the election
Yes, I'd like to know who won the election
Can't the vote count the vote baby count the vote count the vote over count the vote count the vote baby count the vote count the vote over count the vote
The final tabulation started coming in
Then I saw a new splash on channel 10
Some may repeat for all together in a bunch
They said they were confused and didn't know which hold a punch
Those old folks seem to have one thing in common looks like lots of them just keep their votes to Patrick you can and
So I'd like to know who won the election
Said I'd like to know who won the election
Oh, I'd like to know
1 the election
Yes, I'd like to know who won the election
Count the vote count the vote baby count the vote count the vote over count the vote count the vote
Did he count the vote count the vote over count the vote how many but push
Count the vote. How many for god count the vote how many for Bush
I'm there anymore
Call! Call the vote, to nist up to bandit! Call the vote, to nist up to bandit!
949 and 560 WQA, and there's no question about it based on just a couple of early calls
that's gonna be a real wild time in the old town of the night, Magnoma Stakeabooted.
Muffles just in, she said it took about half an hour to vote today, and it's not too bad.
Here's the fact that it says first is that 940 promo you played earlier for real? Yes it is!
I know that's chocky. Just chocky over there and if you don't believe that...
They're playing it! They're playing a crap out of it!
You never know who will call Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio.
Howard David! Voice of the Miami Dolphin.
I'll tell you what, and you don't need the shameless plug, but I listen to you guys every day.
You guys are doing a hell of a job, it's fun to listen to and O'Brien.
I mean the whole thing you guys are doing there is great.
What? Did I hear that right? Back up with you guys every day.
You guys are doing a hell of a job, it's fun to listen to and O'Brien.
I mean the whole thing you guys are doing there is great.
Wow, even Moe Howard David listens to Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio.
Exactly.
See I think what he ought to do is start playing that for himself on his show,
starting tomorrow when it comes back from Greengate Bay.
He won't be good at it.
Moe. American Spartans says Moe.
Oh that's right, he won't the Moe here is that, the Moe of City gets.
Too bad it says that because it would have just said Howard David.
He could play that instead of mentioning my name 9 o'clock every morning.
He could promote his good friend Tony Bruno.
And if you could have that hyena laughing in the background, that would be great.
Come on Moe, there's the challenge.
Let's start promoting Tony Bruno on the Fox Sports.
Get that 1.7 up to almost a two share.
5 6 7 0 5 6 the how's that pool coming?
A lot of votes.
People that can't vote in the election today they're voting on our pool.
151 already.
Man, Holy Toledo is Rick Weaver would say.
War Rick Weaver was sure good, you know what?
What should the punishment be for Moe Howard David,
sucking up to the enemy Fox Sports yesterday,
with an temperate promo that called it he made to Tony Bruno,
which he just heard a segment of, that asked sucking call to the enemy.
Who's Moe Howard David and did 49?
Fire is old, ask 39.
Steel is to pays 30.
He gets raked it by the whole staff 14.
Vanishing from Paradise 7.
He gets raked it by Freaky Carlos 6.
No penalty gets a gold star in a purple jelly bean 6.
That must be the witchner crowd.
Those of us who are still alive.
The Jerry Wishinger crowd.
J.D.L. leader, Brain Dead and Suicide.
Oh!
Los Angeles.
Jewish defense league chairman Irv Rubin was declared brain dead yesterday.
After attempting suicide in the prison where he was awaiting trial,
I'm charged as a conspiring to bomb a mosque at a U.S. Congressman's office
is lower in federal official set.
It's a terrible personal law set attorney Peter Morris.
No relation to Philip.
Rubin 57 was released from his cell in the Metropolitan Detention Center
between 5.30 and 6.00 a.m. 8.30 in 9.00 a.m. Eastern time for breakfast at a William Wolsey.
A spokesman for the U.S. Marshal service.
Sometime after that he sustained self-inflicted injuries using a shaving razor
to cut his throat.
Wolsey said.
Rubin then fell or jumped from his cell block here to the level below an 18-foot drop
and landed on his head.
Wolsey said Rubin's intention was to take his own life.
No kidding!
That's pretty profound.
We thought he was just showing off.
Rubin was taken to county.
Maybe he was just training to be a stuntman.
I don't know.
He's trying to get on jackass.
That could have been it.
Maybe he wants to be in that next jackass flick.
Oh, by the way, nice promo for Howard Spurman, the papers again this morning.
As if he needs it.
Rubin was taken to county, U.S.E.
Hospitality was put on life support declared brain dead, Morse.
What a shame, isn't it?
Uh...
Facts is just pouring in here today.
It's all over folks.
It was a nice run for a couple of hundred years, but it's all over.
Democracy's dead.
Terrible thing to say, but it's true.
Wouldn't stick and roll me either.
Uh-oh.
From the Edinburgh news, police charged man over sex with traffic cone.
A man caught performing an indecent act on a traffic cone has been charged by police.
Was it Jeff Cohen?
A 33-year-old's been and nothing would be the indecent on him.
In fact, maybe a mole way out of put that choice under it too gets raped in by a ponytail.
With his big black friend named Ben Gay.
The 33-year-old has been charged with breach of the peace after police received reports.
The man was engaging in a sexual act with a cone at the bottom of Colton Hill on Tuesday night.
This is the Edinburgh news, the Brits.
Alarm passers-by called police and said they had seen a man trying to have sex with a traffic cone.
Officers from the Gay Field Police Station attended and found the 33-year-old committing the offense.
A police spokesman confirmed police have been called to an incident in the Carlton Road to the Indian Center Report that's been to the...
The procurator fiscal.
Oh, it was Dr. Kent Handler, you know.
That goes to show all your kids out there. Too much spotted dick and it goes to your brain, all right.
Right straight to your brain.
Turns it to Jello.
Jello, which is kind of like head cheese.
Yeah, that's what it turns to.
Jello, head cheese.
Yeah, oh, I can...
You know, if you go to a deli and they got head cheese, I look at it and I get physically ill.
Right.
I don't know what's worse.
Going to like an open-air food market where they have seafood, where they got fish and seafood.
And that smell that...
Oh, wow, you can relate to it.
Yeah.
Either that, but if that's worse or they're looking at the head cheese.
W-A-Q-I-M.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I just got my F-N-T ballot today.
Yes.
Better late than ever.
Uh-huh.
It has a page missing.
The one with the county...
Including the one with the county question, where they want to increase the county commissioner's salary from 6,000 to 8,7,000 a year.
Yeah.
Well, who do you think you are to be voting on something like that?
Just let them have their money and don't you be interfering.
And, M-K-N, I voted for M-K-B-R-E last week.
My partner voted for M-K-B-R-E today.
And he's definitely M-K-B-R-E also has to chink in the fact votes.
Yeah.
At least I hope.
The chink vote, how many chinks are there?
Well, uh, we know a few Asians, so hey.
But the ones that we know, they're all voting for M-K-B-R-E.
And then you fags out there that vote for that silly ass pussy of Bob Kunz, whatever the hell his name is.
You people ought to be in jail.
I actually know four LCR who are voting for Bush.
Oh no.
Yeah, that's a thing.
Well, let's just explain what that is.
I mean, self-hating queens, log cabin Republicans, LCR.
Uh, yeah, okay.
Well, thanks a lot, Pally.
All right.
Go do it again.
And vote too.
LCR, self-hating queens.
They're the last ones that go to camp.
That's what you know.
No, they're sludge heads.
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Uh, Neil.
Yes.
I voted in dear field beach this morning.
And?
Um, uh, the people on Channel 10, I was watching the news last night and they said that the polls were open at 6.
So I got there, well, they said 6, though, it's their fault, but I got there early and there was a whole line of black folks there.
All right.
That's good news.
Excellent.
And in fact, the whole, uh, I guess maybe it was a church band.
They pulled up and a whole bunch just got out and gotten lines.
Let's bust them in by the thousands.
Let's bring them in from the Carolinas if we have to.
You know it, baby.
I voted for McBride.
All right.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Right.
That's right.
Good old boy, baby.
Never stole a freight train.
Don't have his whole family in rehab.
I'll tell you that.
Didn't make any comments off mic about devious plans to a deep-six the class size of a man.
See, just based on that alone, there shouldn't be anybody with any common sense be voting for the bushmire today.
Not one except of course for the religious nuts like Ralph Reed and that ilk.
So I have to take away those 10,000 people.
See, they're always exaggerating.
You know, first it was like, there's two million of us around a country.
And then all of a sudden it was like 50 million and then it was 70 million.
And now it's like 400 million.
Of course, there's only 270 million people in the country, but 400 million of them are born again right when Christians, if you believe them.
Of course, they would never lie either.
Of course, then.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
9, 56, at 5, 60, QM.
You know what?
It comes to eating your good food.
There's so many good restaurants to choose from.
But if you're looking for the best deli in Miami, you bet it's her bets.
You know, her bets was a sponsor mind about 100 years ago.
And they're back.
Her bets has been slicing it and piling it on thick for over 30 years.
Like I said, it's New York style deli at its best with her bets homemade pea soup.
And there's nothing like a good pea.
Delicious daily specials and the best best for stromney corn beef and brisket you've ever popped in your puss.
Her bets even has the pickles coast long cucumber salad on the tables, just like the good old days before the old folks put all the other places out of business.
Her bets was even voted the best breakfast and cheap eats restaurant on cityserts.com.
Now is the time to start thinking about your holiday party needs, and her bets does an unbelievable job with holiday platters and catering for your family parties or at the orifice.
Her bets has been servicing some of Miami's top corporations for years.
If your order now mentioned in the arrived your show, you can get 10% off on all your holiday catering orders.
How can you beat that? Her bets is located on 79th Avenue just off the Palmetto.
Just call Greg at 305-592-7818.
That's 305-592-7818.
Or reach him on the net at her bets.com.
The best deli in Miami, you bet.
It's her bets.
My high and local.
This is 430-0560.
You weigh it, you weigh it.
Time to get it on.
Welcome back to the Mojawa David Show.
We're a juck full of zany, but good clean family fun.
Daaah!
You know that pipe smoke and jizz-guzzle of things rape as funny?
Is that funny?
A game?
Playing scratching at the buildings is funny too, huh?
What? What? What?
What? Since when it's gang raped funny?
Especially when it's me getting my teeth back grabed.
Daaah!
What a jackass!
Hey, how about the curry tea?
Well, no, no, no, don't go tap there so when I talk, this is important.
They don't know comedy.
I'll show them comedy.
Today I brought my collection of laminabne tapes.
Laminabne, you moron!
They even named the restaurant after lumb.
Ah, ah!
Ah, you clueless shmuck.
We'll get back to that later.
Right now it's time for our transcendent mid-show snack.
Bring the morning mayor his food.
Ooh!
Ah, here they are.
My favorite place to die.
Zygotsa Buka.
Stiggynavory buddy.
What is it, Shmin?
Looks like a donut.
Looks like the vamed embryos from Planned Parenthood in the hood.
But it's good.
Try it with the cocktail sauce.
Hey, hey beast!
We'll play that Alice Cooper record.
Ten bemen, can't say it's terrible.
There's a little atmosphere for you to help me go down the gullet.
Hey, baby, I really dig that Alice Cooper seed.
I'm with it, and I'm here.
I'm a heapsdove.
To be fun, shall we know what was good?
Yeah, I have some more transcendent here.
Can you tell it this?
Thanks, Mo.
Alright, so we got the meathead mad dog coming up at one.
Followed by that fat jewel right after the quay and the sprick.
What's that?
It's a play!
The play!
It's in it right for your ass, Mo.
And all the quay.
Ten, oh two and five sixty WQM happy Tuesday to.
Five, six, seven, oh five sixty pound, five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line.
Watch it to punishment V for Mohaward David, sucking up to the enemy Fox Sports with that grotesque call to Tony Hyena Bruno yesterday.
Who's Mohaward to David, sixty four, fire is old as fifty five is a catchin' up.
Steel is to paste thirty eight, he gets raped by the whole staff twenty, vanishing from Paradise thirteen.
No penalty gets a gold star in a purple jelly bean seven and he gets raped by freaky Carlos six.
I guess that would be cool on usual punishment.
Well, he does have all those reasons.
WQM.
Oh, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hi, and finally happened to WQM made the New York Times day.
Really?
It said, my amuse chance you should post the need to recount.
Now I was listening to Hank and Matt Moore yesterday.
And these people were calling in like death as a crew.
I mean, you know, a nuclear, another nine or eleven.
I mean, because our higher state moves in front.
Okay, great.
Five, six, seven, oh five sixty pound, five sixty on the AT&T.
Move a little, sense them of that stuff over here.
Whatever it is you do in pal, sense them over here from our birthday.
WQAM.
Hello?
Hello, Neil?
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
Okay.
The only thing better than winning an election as far as your party winning an election is have the other party wine and bitch and complain that it's getting stolen from them.
You know, the reason why the Republicans are going to win this election because more people are voting that way.
And it's a very sick story away to try to justify the fact that more people think like me than think like you.
Oh, in some other words, I hate to break the news to you, but they were like over half a million people more than voted for more than Bush last time in 2000.
How do you like that?
So more people, more people must think like me than you.
How do you like that?
And I love your very mature approach to politics.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, that's what it is.
Get back in the sandbox, okay?
Before somebody catches you out of it.
More people think like me than you when you know something that's a very sad commentary if it's true.
A very sad commentary.
Mindslaves.
Oh boy.
Absolutely untrue.
The majority of the people in this country are not Bible-totan gunsling and right-wing born again, Armageddon, Hopen, Lunatics.
Because if they were, we wouldn't have a Chinaman's chance.
So I'll confuse this guy with the thousands and thousands of people that were turned away from the polls back in 2000.
Or the many people are going to be disenfranchised today because of the screw-up voting and that doesn't happen.
That's right. Just made it up.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, that's a typical right-wing response. That's usually their best shot.
W-Q-A-M.
Q-A-M.
Is that me?
That's you.
Good morning, sir.
Where is Diaz?
Happy birthday.
Thanks.
Minds in a week.
Well, happy birthday, dear, then.
All right, thanks.
I just got through voting for McBride.
And I was kind of alarmed. I was in the parking lot there walking up to the place and there's these two jet boys out there passing out brochures and stuff.
I thought that was against the law.
It is. It is. I forget what the distances they have to be away from the polling place, but if they were in the parking lot, that's against the law.
Not only in the parking lot, they were about 50 feet from the entrance.
Oh, boy.
Well, thank God we got a good Godfaring righteous Republican governor in there who wouldn't do anything like that.
And would have nothing to do with a Ralph Reed phone calls that we have.
And by the way, I was the only guy there that spoke English.
Ah, not good news.
All right. Have a good one.
Better go back and vote again.
I think I will.
Thanks.
Let's see.
What difference does it make?
He sure isn't listening to you in the morning.
Why should he listen to you?
What does that mean?
What does this facts mean?
What difference does it make?
He sure isn't listening to you.
Oh, this is Jerry who gave up with a handwriting and now he's typing it.
I think about the promo.
I guess I don't know.
You have to be a little more explicit.
Okay, Jerry.
And go back to the handwriting with so much more colorful, so much more retarded.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
But you are, Jerry.
You are listening.
How do you like that?
Like you do every day.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I have a big report.
Yeah.
Next to the warning vote.
What is it?
There's a police.
About 10 cars on the way.
It's about 10 of them on a motorcycle.
So, next to the warning vote, in sugar sin and bokeh.
Never been there.
Exactly.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Thanks for the warning.
All you dark folks, you better get out there and vote while it's still daylight.
Okay.
Otherwise, they'll probably declare a curfew around 530.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
And let me sit again.
Look at the electoral map from the year 2000.
Look at the living and breathing states.
The civilized places in this country.
From the west coast to the northeast, even to the Midwest.
All you do is look at the Yahoo states, the Mugwump states, the nose picking,
Trader Trash states.
Just take a look at the old red and blue.
Okay, and you'll see who thinks like that, Assela, called about four or five calls back.
That guy.
WQAM.
Yo.
Yes, sir.
Hey.
You're comfortable to get to the president.
Yeah, I am.
And you stand, you know, Democrat, man.
They got to make up something because they know they're going to lose.
Yeah, okay, listen, your sheep's getting lonely.
Okay, better get back home.
Got to make something up.
See, this is what you're dealing with.
Morons.
People with collective IQ are smaller than their shoe size.
I mean, you can vote anyway you like, but the, the, the approach.
The intellectual approach to your political leanings is so, so mature.
That's what I love.
These Democrats are going to make up a bunch of crap.
Sir, you have a good time.
You in the Jebster, okay?
And the 80, 80 people in your kids class, if by some fate of luck you should mind of reproducing God forbid.
10.08 at 560 WQAM.
And don't forget.
You never know who will call Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio.
I'm not saying you don't need the sheep as plug, but I listen to you guys every day.
You guys are doing a hell of a job.
It's fun listening to and all Brian.
I mean, the whole thing you guys are doing there is great.
What?
Did I hear that right?
Back up the tape.
If I listen to you guys every day, you guys are doing a hell of a job.
It's fun listening to and all Brian.
I mean, the whole thing you guys are doing there is great.
Wow, even Mohawar David listens to Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio.
Here's an incredible fact.
Wait till you're there's neil.
I can't believe what happened to me this morning after an hour and a half and a half.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
Maybe the Virgin Mary tapped on their window.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Maybe they saw the burning bush.
Call today 1-800-829-BEAR.
5-6-560.
The radio's on your phone.
Q-A-N.
The sucks.
Have in-app-delection officials left you confused.
Here is your guide to understanding how to cast your vote.
In Palm Beach County, Florida.
Follow along with me to see just how easy it can be.
Let's get started.
Shall we?
Joining me here in Florida.
The booth is Mr. Murmelsd.
Who are you voting for?
I'll leave him in.
You'll see.
Now, read the butterfly ballet.
Starting with Bush-Cady and the left column.
You can't enchickel Gruber, Bangala,
Ithman and Gerbels in the right.
Where's I'll leave him in?
Over there.
Disgubles guy.
Yes?
Is this guy who makes my baby food?
No.
Now simply punch a hole in the 1959 Univac Key Punch Guide.
Over there.
Here.
Use this microscope.
Oh, there.
Is that it?
No.
Okay, I'll punch again.
Is this it?
No.
No.
That invalidates your vote.
All right, here.
I'll punch again.
I'll punch again.
Do that again.
I'll punch you.
Shhh!
Alright.
Duttering old heave.
Remember comrades, if you want to live in Florida.
Exercise your right to vote in accordance to the little brother.
1016-560 WQM.
I'll tell you that Matt sludge she don't miss anything.
Just off the press.
Matt drudgerport.
A voter is a Florida voters claim machines broken voted for McBride.
Marked his bush.
I voted from McBride, but the machine counted it as bush.
I did this three times.
The polling worker finally said we have to reprogram this machine.
Another person was having the same trouble while I was there.
So came to call it a South Florida's WQAM and the highly weighted radio top match.
The Elijah show.
I'll tell you right now this election is fixed, Rod Rogers.
Who's been in the Miami Fort Lauderdale market for more than 30 years.
Based on a few early calls, it's going to be a wild wild time.
He said said, fat old Neil.
There was no official confirmation on the alleged tech trick.
Touch screen and other high tech voting machines make their full scale debut today.
Mid-state poll problems have been reported at least three polling locations.
Local six news reported that the scanners were not working at the central Florida.
A growth of precinct.
I thought that said gotcha for just a second.
Go with a precinct 101 in Orange County.
Voters were putting their ballots in a box to be hand counted according to the report.
The scanners also were not working at the Port Saint John precinct 159 in Brevard County.
Or precinct 116 in San Olc County.
They say Albans Church on St. David Fort 26.
According to reports, it's a state where we can't do an election.
We can't hold an election here.
In this goddamn God forsaken state in this penis you learn which we live.
What a disgrace.
You ain't see nothing yet.
It's not even 1030 in the morning yet.
This is going to be one of the great messes of all time.
And they're going to say, and you're going to have these whining people just like couple we've had already.
Oh, that's right. Just claim fix.
Yeah, these people are just making it up right.
Just like they did two years ago.
And that's why we went for weeks and weeks with all those people holding up the ballots looking for the chance.
That one guy looked like the eye was going to pop the eyeball out of his socket.
That would judge WQAM.
QAM.
Going once.
Going twice.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon.
Good evening.
Excuse me.
Huh?
What do you think, man?
Voted this morning.
Did you get them?
Have you voted yet?
I didn't catch the beginning of the show.
Not yet.
Okay.
The machine.
So they send us over and you walk up to the machine and they have one of the members from a century village.
They have this little box thing.
I don't know if you're familiar with the new voting thing.
And it resets and he walks away with this.
They give you a little yellow printed piece of paper that you hand to this guy so he can set you.
There's no real numbers or demarcation on it or anything.
And you go through.
I didn't have any problems with the machine.
There was no really a long line over in sunrise off Nophill.
But it allows you to review the ballot and everything like that.
But again, they just can't.
All of that.
They can't provide a receipt.
As you were saying, the fix has been in the fix is in.
And all these malfunctioning machines.
What I'm voting, I hear some of these poll workers say, you didn't match the pink with the yellow.
You haven't been matching the pink.
I'm sitting there and I turned to my wife and I said, oh, Matt.
Because we've been talking about it for a while.
I said, oh, boy.
And you finish voting and they've got this little flashing red light that flashes vote, vote, vote on the top of the.
And I turned to the guy and said, is this flashing red?
And he said, yep, that sends it in.
And I said, oh, you know, I can't say it on the air.
But I said, right, and I said, you know, and I said, I announced, you know,
if we could just get a receipt, he says, I can give you one of these little stickers as a receipt.
The voting stickers.
Yeah, I voted, yeah.
I just walked out laughing now.
Well, good luck to us, pal.
I ain't crying, you know, but I got a laugh.
I'll see it.
I'll see you in Mississippi.
See it Amsterdam.
Okay.
What's the scenes?
20 past 10.
I ain't looking good, folks.
And of course, anybody that's dubious about some of the stuff we're hearing, I'll let you remind you on the same program back two years ago.
We were hearing women calling in from Palm Beach County and others calling in people who were hysterical.
We were not sure they wanted to vote for a goal, but they thought, you know, something I think I'm out of voted by Buchanan because of that goddamn butterfly ballot.
And lo and behold, they did.
They did.
And that's where we heard about it first right here on this show.
Because this state does, in fact, I don't know about the rest of the states.
I can't speak for that.
But it seems to me, didn't California use the touchscreen?
I think they've been using that for quite a while now.
Lots of places have, yes.
Yeah.
Without any major problem at all.
They've been touching it.
But that ain't Florida.
That ain't Florida, baby.
No place ain't Florida.
This is a special place.
And you assholes, they're on CNN.
You better get with it.
Okay, this bill Humper was sitting around thinking it's a big joke.
Yuckin' it up with it in the beginning, you know.
But I mean, you better get with it.
You better send your people out to these polling places and see what kind of crap is going down.
And let me also say this to you.
All you partisan clowns out there.
I don't care who wins.
It's still fixed.
It's still rigged.
I don't care if McBride wins via a million votes.
Or if Bush wins via two minutes, it's fixed.
Release the attempt.
Let's put it this way.
The attempt is being made.
Big time.
They could show old Dick Daly and Chicago a thing or two of these people, a lot of fixing the election.
I mean, they had nothing on them.
He had nothing on them with the dead people voting.
We've been doing that in Dave County for years.
W.D.C.Y.M.
No, no.
Good morning and happy birthday.
Thank you.
As a maybe a sign of things to come, there was somebody accelerating over here above FIU,
they're running Jeb.
And within 10 minutes, cloud cover covered it all up.
So, see it's an act of God.
I'll tell you that right now.
Maybe they're going to sign.
It's a sign.
Yes, it is.
I went earlier this morning, Neil, to a devote and had no problems.
There was about, because I got there early about five minutes to seven.
Those were about 25 people ahead of me.
They were very organized.
They got everybody in and I was in an out and 18 minutes.
And my vote for Mr. McBride and hopefully he'll win.
Okay, Bill.
I didn't have any problems.
Good luck to us.
All right, buddy.
Thanks.
Here's the fact that it says, kind of bizarre, what is this?
It says, Happy Birthday.
I'm sorry, McBride is not going to win.
I'm in Texas.
When I vote a Democrat across the board this morning, the polling station kept saying,
are you sure?
Every time I enter to vote.
I think the closest Democratic candidates, at least 10 points behind,
when they find out that I'm a Democrat, will be tend to get there a lot of here.
Unfortunately, I can't do that.
So I'm going to try to blend in and I'm off to buy some guns and maybe even buy me a dead feed of sign.
If you can't beat him, join him because as you and I both know, Republicans don't like people to interview with them.
Just join the flock, baby.
Once again, Happy Birthday.
Thank you so much.
When it out, join the flock.
Here's Steve, as I voted in, baby this morning.
Very large crowd.
Only 30 minutes, I think I'll go vote again.
This might be the last election.
Don't like seeing that a big crowd in, baby.
That's not a good sign.
Oh, yeah.
You think?
You think?
Never.
Yes, here's the fact that says, did you know that Colin Powell's Jamaican, yes, I did, as a matter of fact.
And also, Saudi say, will not help any U.S. threat on Iraq, which is an old story from days ago, which we talked about.
But thank you very much anyway.
And we know those things.
Thank you anyway.
Keep your out of trouble off the streets.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
5-6-7-0-5-60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Who's more Howard David is leading our poll with 81?
Fire is old, A-75.
Steelers 2 pay's got 51.
2 pay's, I'm sorry.
plural.
He gets raked in by the whole staff 26.
Vanishing from Paradise 26.
16, I'm sorry.
No penalty gets a gold start in purple jelly bean 15.
And he gets raked in by freaking Carlos only 8.
So even this audience knows as cruel as they usually are.
That's very, that's way over the edge.
Constitu, even with this Supreme Court, they never permit that.
W-Q-A-M.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
I want to wish you a happy and healthy birthday.
I love you.
Thank you.
I love you from the 70s when I lived in Aventura.
But now I live in Boquer, California.
Oh, boy.
And I want to tell you I was in one of those disputed precincts with the butterflies.
But I was there this morning.
Everything is fabulous.
There were some AKs there.
You know, what can you do with the ass?
Hi.
But there were qualified people to show, like this one lady said,
I don't even have an ATM card.
Well, anyway, they showed her how to use it.
No problem.
I was in and out of there in 20 minutes.
And of course, you know how I voted.
I want to tell you something.
I hope Matt Dreck is still listening.
I'm sure he is.
He's glued to it in the radio too.
And this is the most obnoxious human being on the airways.
He beats him all.
You know the facts, people, everything.
Yeah.
And you gave her good last week, the facts lady.
But I want to tell you one thing, Neil, about this entire election,
because I am a junkie.
I watch everything.
The worst, the worst attack ads are taking place in the state of Georgia.
Got it, no.
And I got bad news for a Cleveland's fallen behind now.
My heart is breaking.
I mean, this guy, he gave up two legs and an arm with his country.
If he would have given up the other arm, we might like him.
But he still got that one arm left, yeah.
He's not a patriot.
No.
This is what they really do.
If he was a true patriot, he'd given us the other arm too.
Yeah.
Well, you know, they really breaks my heart.
You know, this morning, I'm see span.
There was a question, when did you decide how you're going to vote?
Well, I kept calling and calling couldn't get on,
because I was going to tell him I was five.
Why was I five years old?
Because my mother cried when Franklin Roosevelt won.
Because of how lucky we were, he was going to pull us out of this garbage we were in.
And that's when I became a Democrat, because it were for the people.
And that's all I can say.
The people got the money who are panace, right?
Yeah. The Republicans, they don't give it down.
That ad in Georgia is killing me.
It is absolutely...
Almost makes you glad you live in Florida, but not quite.
Oh, I think we have to make two states out of this state.
I said that for a long time.
No flaw in self-file.
You're old, the friend that died.
What's his name, you know?
Old what's his name, yeah.
That was on WJNL.
He used to talk about that.
We really should have two states.
They've got two Carolina.
Okay, have a great day, sweetheart.
Happy birthday, I love you.
Say goodbye, bye-bye.
Once he starts talking about Jack Cole, then we know it's definitely long past time.
To say goodbye.
26 past 10 at 560 WQA and Tom Lehman would like to say hello to you.
He loves the people listening to the show, which is why he created that Neil Rogers deal in the first place at Halop Pontiac.
Saved gigantic humongous bucks right now in all Pontiacs and GM season stock.
Just tell him that you heard this spot on the Neil Rogers show and they'll do like a little dance.
They'll do a kazansky right in the showroom for you.
They'll be so excited.
Stuff by Halop Pontiac GMC 134176C highway that you was one across from the falls where every vehicle is marked with the lowest price.
Makes it the Neil Rogers deal and you'll save even more.
You'll find out it's not the lowest price.
They'll go even lower for you.
Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including that great envoy voted by Motor Trend is SUV of the year and the all new Vib SUV with the power of a big gas guzzling sports car.
It is sensational.
Halop's all-segaed has always a dependable selection of pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs.
And like I always say, each and every day because they pay us to do it.
If somebody turns you down for credit, if you can't couldn't deal any other car dealer in the universe, if everybody else looks at you and says, who the hell are you kidding?
No problem in a hell of they'll make you a deal.
Get a Neil Rogers deal and Halop Pontiac GMC 134176C highway across from the falls open every day, seven days a week.
You can give them a call to 305-238-4040-305-238-4040 for Halop Pontiac GMC.
We are, believe it or not, professional grade.
We are sports radio 5cc.
You a.
I get a ditty cocket.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
And that's why I think I just will have a championship season.
And what did I tell you?
You don't talk to Lysa, you can talk.
This is the beast.
I said shut up, fatso.
But you're like a father to me.
You don't talk to Lom Don't Talking.
When I'm done talking, then you talk.
Okay, I'll...
Hey beast, come here.
Come here.
I want you to let me be the friend of my Mr. Gump Club.
Why are you order?
I've got to show you the business and then it's the coming.
This court sentences you to 20 years in Oz.
Would you info?
I had ordered tag off my mattress.
Look like we'll be a bunk mates.
The name's Mohalad David.
Starry Stage Screen and Theradise.
What's yours?
Nico, Nico, for you.
You got so pan.
I thank you.
Hey, you can have a funny and so pardry.
I'm going to make you my woman.
Hey, nobody wants to laugh at you.
God, God, who got you?
God, shout out to God, 10 minutes.
It was to be safe and easy.
No both of you.
No man.
No one knew in the blau, but that's so pretty.
Okay.
Pull the power to me like that.
You know who I am?
No, come in, then don't think it up now.
Come here, bloody beast.
All right.
But I expect a print in the poetry of Mike.
That's what that blue man of Bush, Jack, and all blue man.
I'll pick the blue hat.
The blue is the blue.
The warden will see you now.
Thanks.
Well, Mr. David.
Hello, Warden.
Do.
Jack, Jack Warden.
How can it help you?
Oh, you see Warden?
Yeah.
Keep getting raped.
Do.
He's a vatish.
Jack, look into it right away.
Thanks, Warden.
It's about time.
I said drop your pants.
This was odds, Favres.
They'll come to you.
Yo, yo, yo.
Let's rape.
Oh, radio.
Big shot.
Oh.
Yes, now we pass the time away in the G.O.J.L.A.S.
That's 33 at 5.60 WQAM.
State to decide if idiots can vote.
Well, we already decided that in Florida.
New Mexico voters will decide today whether they want it or not.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
They want to vote.
The vote is right.
It is a chairs-machine stance on organizing this supply of
out Florida.
You're calling from Kansas City?
Yes, I program those touch tone screens for four companies in the past based on a
slot machine card.
Somebody can go in, replace that slot machine card.
One out of every 30 votes can be rejected.
One out of 30 votes can be turned to another candidate.
Are you familiar with your slot machines down there?
Why did I just tell you ask me the first time and I said no, we still don't.
Since you asked me, we still don't.
Okay, you don't have.
Well, let me say it again.
No, we don't have them.
Okay, Neil.
Those machines down there are all fault.
I could walk into the corner.
Listen, Reverend Jones, have a nice day.
5670560.
Do you have slot machines down here, George?
Let me look.
I found a slot.
Oh, there's a machine.
See, I'm not going to get excited about it because what's the use, you know?
Let's see.
Matt, this is, this is brilliant.
Matt Rudge is obviously monitoring your show on the Dredgey report he has the main article
about color.
I just got through reading that.
We just got through talking about that.
What is wrong with some of you people?
If you listen to the show, you know what was going on here.
Matt Rudge, listen to this.
He's not monitoring.
He's a big fan of the show.
It's fight of his protestations and it's sometime in Coherent Call like the one last week,
where she must have, like I said, didn't get his trick or treat for Halloween.
And she had her teeth in a ringer.
Miss Dredge.
Maybe somebody forgot to change her panties.
I don't know what her problem was.
But anyway, yeah, we already read that.
Okay, we know it.
I guess what I heard Matt Rudge is.
See, they got his name on the show four times already.
Well, an awful lot of people want to be on the show.
I'll tell you that.
It must be starting to get important.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
Let's hear some reports about the voting today.
And if you want, make some up.
We don't care.
Screw up all the rest of the media.
Just make up some stuff.
It'll be on CNN and MSNBC.
I mean, certainly on Fox because they're monitoring religiously now.
How you doing, Heather?
W-Q-I-M.
George wants Heather's number by the way.
Yes, sir.
Happy birthday, sir.
Thank you.
According to one color before,
it's jet down South Miami or wherever it was.
The SkyWider was doing the same thing up in Hollywood area.
And yes, what?
Covered up by clouds after just coming in.
Covered up by clouds.
How do you like that?
Oh, right.
The Lord don't want to see no Jev in the sky.
I do have to also concur with the guy who factored you about the problems with one candidate
appearing.
I had the same problem.
No.
Yes.
I run Hollywood.
We make holdover.
I sit to the pole.
Hey, there's something's not right here.
I voted for McBride.
And what did come up showing?
I showed Bush.
You voted for McBride.
And the machine showed you voted for Bush?
Yes.
And I'm like, this is my right side.
I'll go review.
This is review ballot.
Go correct.
No.
Same thing.
I'm like, oh crap.
I called the pole worker.
I said, look at this.
I showed it to her.
And she said, she said, oh my God.
I can't believe it.
So, thankfully there was a technician there and they reset the machine.
They shut it off.
Then they reset it.
And they turned it on.
And it worked.
Well, what if they hadn't reset it?
What if you wouldn't have checked it and wouldn't have noticed that?
I wonder how many people already voted.
You want to have a space cadet?
Yeah, right.
I would have told them I want to vote on another machine or something.
I could not believe it.
I don't think the people might have voted on that.
If there's anybody in this state who thinks that these machines are working properly and
forget about the outcome, if anybody thinks we're going to get an accurate outcome in this
election, man, I got a whole bunch of land to study right behind my ass.
Oh, bye.
No.
I was just incredulous.
I'm like, oh crap.
Bill, do we have to get through this again?
Yes.
Anyone, Neil, thanks for being the voice of the reason and Jesse Ventura for Governor.
Oh, forget about that.
Jesse Ventura for Governor.
That asshole.
Well, no, he's an asshole.
Oh, no, he's an asshole.
Did you see that?
And first of all, that whole tone of his word, he's talking.
I'm so tired of that stale phony act.
You know, for a moment there, he gave us a brief glimmer and he talked about the God, people
being full of crap.
And we thought, oh, here's a guy that's got the balls to say something.
And then all of a sudden, well, you know, he realized it wasn't politically correct and he
liked you and he heard too much from him.
And then in a fit of peak, I mean, so what if they didn't like the way they had the God damn ceremony?
Well, what does that have to do with anything?
Is that the reason to conduct politics and conduct government in this country because you didn't
like to wait somebody had a memorial service and it became a pet rally?
So what?
You didn't like it.
You got up and walked out.
He's entitled.
So he, this clown that he appointed interim senator yesterday, Minnesota, this guy didn't know until an hour before.
He called him an hour before it said, get out of your jeans and put on a suit.
You better get over here.
You're going to be the next senator for two weeks.
Just an a fit of peak.
Hey, Jesse, back to the rain, baby.
And you know, rock, I'll take it at that right now.
Jesse for governor.
I'd rather have jab at least.
At least he's got a fun family anyway.
Huh?
It's a laugh.
I've admitted it's another great story every week, okay?
And it is getting close to Christmas time, summer.
Next month, be December, while I'll be singing the first and the last no end.
I'm not even more.
This is sports radio by City.
You way up.
Bush, bitch, the moon!
Come and listen to my story about a man named John, whose wallet was as big as his face he swore to have had.
He became a governor and dictator too, simply by having more money than you.
Fully in there that is, dirty deals, ex-presidential dad.
In a real, guber, guber, night, toriel, raised.
The other guber's name was buddy, and the K had an hilt and ensued, and a skeletal head,
and when they took his false, they discovered he was dead.
Brained it, that is, no brings a backwards roof.
Now, Jim represents the Christian Reich, but somehow got support from the Jewish journal kites.
Another all in a mass grave, very, very deep, and his wife wears a necklace of the fillings from their tea.
Jewish gold melted down, of course.
The Tallahassee Millionaires.
Starring Heinrich Kimler as Chip Bush, Ava Braun as Columban,
Ariana Huffington as Brandy, and Dan Burton as General Berkhalder.
The Tallahassee Millionaires, brought to you by Zagon 8.
And don't forget Anne Coder is Catherine Harris.
1046 at 560 W. Kimler, ever seen together? No, rest my case.
567-0560, what's going on with the phone, George? You're just giving up.
Oh, I'm sorry. Just put them on hold, okay? We don't expect you to speak to them, but just put them on hold.
I know we don't want to overwork you.
Pete the Chronix is, voted in the pines today with all the help that they see.
And you know something? The seniors who go page by page to find your name ahead of one hour wait.
It says, how about a few Jeb Bush FM carts?
I want to claim the fame, Pete the Chronix, and you're right.
Have a nice day, Pete, and go away.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T Line, WQAM.
Lauren Neill, have a birthday, too. Thank you so much.
Okay, have a great day.
I almost didn't vote for Bill McBridey, because this morning about 8 o'clock
I get this recorded phone call from Julie Lieberman.
That's the vote for his friend, Bill McBridey.
That would turn me off.
Turn me off, for a quick, but I'm not blaming.
I'm not blaming. Before I got to the polls.
Anyway, thanks for your hammer. I love the condolese or ice bomb.
All right, that's coming up.
All right, baby.
Thanks. Coming up, I almost forgot about that.
Also the Mohaward on Fox Sports promo is coming up.
And up. And up and up and up. Just like lunch.
567-0560, pound 560. Neils, birthday, it's election day.
And there he goes, starting to have to plug those numbers again, because they're all kind of like,
well, I think we're done with this. I think we're done with this.
And let me just tell you something else. I don't give a crap.
Do you care anymore, really?
Well, yeah, I'm stuck here.
Oh, that's right. Well, I'm not.
I just, I don't care anymore. It's just, it's hopeless.
This country's hopeless.
It's hopeless. It's been taken over.
Like I said yesterday, the Democratic Party blows.
They've just like kind of thrown into the towel, left it all these other people have come along,
and done this bloodless coup, and the Democrats have covered in the corners and said,
oh, you're right. We aren't liberals anymore. We're like, that's a dirty word, right?
Kami Pinko, whatever. It's like a throwback to the McCarthy days again.
Either you're with us or you're against us, and of course, very unpatriotic, too.
And then of course, what is cool, man?
Oh, did you know that Neil Coleman, what's his name, not Neil?
What is his name in Minnesota? Whatever to help Norm.
Norm Coleman. He went to school. He was a classmate of Norman Elliott Kent.
No, I did not know that.
How do you like that? Who said that? He used to be Norman Coleman. He used to be a member of the SDS,
the students for Democratic society, the most raving left wing, ultra liberal skumbags out there,
and he's all over the place. Now he's the right wing, a fetus hugging.
In other words, whatever is expedient, which Germandale talked about in that debate yesterday.
He must have got it every month.
Whatever is expedient. In fact, his politics are like Jerry Wischner's hairpiece.
They changed the tone and flavor and color depending on the ambiance of the surroundings.
He's a political chameleon.
That's right. That's seriously. You're laughing about that.
Wischner's depending on the lighting and the day of the week and whatever.
His piece, some days, would be like kind of pink and puse.
In other days, would be like, have more of a green tinge to it. Maybe he died it.
He did, he died it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
5, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. How about those dolphins?
Let's hear it. That's why they depressed today.
Too bad. You better get with the reality of it.
Okay, folks. You better get with the reality. It's the same old tease.
Every year, it's the big tease. And then something happens.
Whether it's an injury or just a choke job. Something happens, man.
Pretty ugly last night.
W. to Q.A.M.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
This is Jim Stork from Wild Manor's Wishing You a Happy Birthday.
I haven't talked to you in years, hasn't it?
Thanks, Jim. How are you doing?
How are you doing?
I am doing good. I'm just kind of in sticker shock over this whole election thing.
You know, I just became an elected official.
So the whole...
You became an elected official?
Yes, back in March.
You didn't know I was...
Yes, you know, because I talked to Norm the other day in Wild Manor's here as the mayor.
Yeah.
Are you the mayor of Wild Manor's?
Yes, sir.
Oh my God.
I know you corrupted me back about 10 years ago.
I tried.
I tried to work.
It did.
Oh, you're talking about politics, actually.
I thought you were talking about something else.
Exactly.
Exactly.
But I want to wish you a happy birthday and I miss listening to your show.
I'm just so busy these days.
I can't listen to it enough.
Well, tell all those long cabin Republicans that we're going to round up the race
if they don't get disdain out today.
I will tell them.
I will tell them.
Okay, thanks.
Good hair from you, Jim.
Okay, bye.
Wow. How do you like that?
I can write a book.
I want to know the mayor of Wild Manor's.
Fiblicary?
Yes.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
WQIM.
I like to buy, but you put your hand on it.
WQIM.
Yes, sir.
Spoke it.
Yes, go ahead.
Happy birthday, Uncle Neil.
Thank you, sir.
I'm a who of you who's going to walk for a ride.
Wow.
Even though we probably don't have a time to make a chance.
But I can't, you know, I don't want to like not vote.
Then I have to be close.
Then you always have it like in the back of your mind, you know.
Right.
That's right.
Supposedly, it's supposed to be a ride loses by one vote.
Then we have to come round up your ass.
It's something like that.
Right.
And I got another thing.
I got another topic.
Everybody's like giving opinions on how to run the Neil Rogers show.
Yeah.
Let me put on my two cents in.
Go right ahead.
Take all the time you want.
I'll help you with one of your responses if I may.
Balance for life.
Yeah.
Just based on the zone diet as you know, which is 40, 30, 30, right?
40 carbs, 40 protein, 45.
I say let's apply that formula to the world famous Neil Rogers show.
Yeah.
So it's 40% bedtime story, 30% molded, 30% cloth.
Okay.
What do you think?
Sounds like a weiner to me.
Is George still awake?
Did he fall asleep?
No, George's got his head down on the table.
He's mumbling Hail Mary's now.
What a gig this guy has.
I know.
Hey, don't knock.
Don't knock him though.
He got me a great digital digital camera.
One of those that weighs about two ounces, you know?
It's good to have you back and down.
And you know how the Julio's love you,
even though most of us are not in the closet yet.
Well, we'll drag you out.
Thank you.
You're seeing the world in manners.
Thanks.
How do you like that?
They're coming out.
Well, I tell you, we're getting a lot of good stuff on here.
But not look at this.
Can the GOP convince blacks not to vote from the new republic?
We've never seen in our lifetime an effort to attract the black folk by republicans like we're seeing now.
Former Kansas City mayor manual Cleaver told the Kansas City star last month.
In Missouri, Republican Senate candidate Jim Talent is making the rounds of black business groups.
Yaudi-audi-audi-audi.
How do you like that?
And then it goes on to talk about just exactly what the whole thing is.
And that is, uh, liberals are all bad.
They're not on your side.
They're all about your racist pigs coming vote for us.
Or if it's the very least, if you don't want to do for that, uh, stay home.
Stay home and make babies, but not too many because they'll be liberals too.
How do you like that, huh?
That's what that fox crap was all about.
Although it must be just a coincidence that Moe was on that Fox Sports Station yesterday,
concerning with that enemy.
I'll see Fox and Fox.
Start putting that together in your mind.
I'm just mentioning that in passing.
Nobody, QIM.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
How are you doing?
Great. Thank you.
I just came in from the West Coast.
I've been listening to you show for about an hour and a half.
I'm hearing all the callers with their fans.
Well, come in for the West Coast this morning.
You know, these days I could get with this right wing station.
And I have to admit, uh, this guy, I think Tom something.
I think his last name, but he had, I must have listened to like 60 callers.
And not one caller called and said, hey, I went to the vote this morning.
And, uh, I voted for Jeb.
And I checked my vote and it will change the bill.
And the broad.
What's the call?
I was in and said that.
Yeah.
And Carlton said they had no problems at the point.
Yeah.
Everything was going great.
But no one called and said that their vote would change the building.
Right.
The fix is in, buddy.
Okay.
Later.
See, of course, that's on the West Coast.
He's talking about see over those Yahoo stations over there.
I mean, Yahoo counties.
They don't have to worry about fixing them.
But keep in mind, that's why it's always screwed up in date and brown.
If we ever had an honest election in date of brown since I've been here, I don't think so.
I don't believe it.
I do not believe it.
I'm thinking back to all the dead people that were voting in date County.
Xavier Suarez running around in his bathroom two in the morning.
Knock on on people's doors, asking for them to vote for him.
Yeah.
Kind of like your normal candidate does.
All the dead folks voting.
People going to jail for that.
Metro rail.
Totally totally bogus fixed election.
The Mickey Irons and Arena, which all night.
That was another one all night long.
It was losing.
Then all of a sudden, hey, but I'm banging.
There it is.
No problem at all.
As Mayor Pingapakania said, but I'm being I'm pulling the string.
And of course, you know, our old good close personal friend there.
Juan Madyetta.
Another train monkey.
Yeah, right on his shoulder.
They're like a parrot or trained monkey.
All he needed was the organ grinder.
We haven't had an honest election in this town in a coon stage.
How much is since since the he-coon won the first time.
Remember the old he-coon?
We'll never forget it.
And I think those were fixed too.
But those were fixed for a good guy.
We like the old he-coon.
Remember how he died.
Yeah.
He was on his exercise bike that George gave him for his birthday.
Yeah.
And all of a sudden.
Oh, yeah.
That's why I don't use it.
You're not fooling me.
You're not fooling me all these summertime shows.
Yeah, oh, the old man died.
I'm moving in.
I can work real cheap.
Yeah, from what I'm hearing about your new contract,
you'll continue to work real cheap.
Okay, so don't get too excited about it.
Look at those votes, poor and in man on this poll.
This is a hell, a hell-raising.
371 votes.
What should the punishment be for Mohawar David sucking up to the enemy?
Fox Sports yesterday when that grotesque call he made to Tony Bruno.
If you missed it earlier, we played it because we got the promo from our good friends over there at Fox.
And which we have many.
And let me say it again, they hate him worse than we do.
Is that possible?
They despise that man.
At any rate, he calls it and to the enemy.
Sucking around with how great the show is, Tony Bruno.
What just happens to be on opposite the show?
As some of you know, all 10 of you sports lucky.
By the way, nice game again, Ray Lucas.
So anyway, here's the vote.
Who's Mohawar Davided?
122, 33%.
Fire is old, ass 96.
Steelers 2 pay 65.
He gets raked it by the whole staff.
34.
No penalty gets a gold starter purple jelly bean 20.
Vanishing from Paradise 20.
And he gets raked by freaky carluses up to 14.
371 votes.
It's not even 11 o'clock yet.
How do you like that?
Fly in and look all time.
Here's Sports Radio 5CC.
You ain't.
You ain't.
You ain't.
Prittians done as dirt.
Andolita, Andolita, Chevron Marie.
With your fucking yellow teeth so far apart.
Andolita, Andolita, what you be doing.
Get me a match just like that.
Token, schmutz, and thaw.
Is you take, cause you are at home.
Boo, blip, blip, roll.
Is you deflected and tsunami.
Who be smart?
Does they like?
Are you sad?
They're used to delete the.
On the way you watch and talk the what is cause.
Georgia Junior said he trust you can't believe you.
I got the wrong idea.
You still are allies of the greedy oil wall.
But then he make you clean all the white house basil.
Another train monkey.
Andolita, andolita, what you be doing.
They're used to be their tokens too.
One day while you be sick and fat cake, you may realize.
That they train you just like your esterone.
That's when your head will move from side to side.
Andolita, until Bush and Remy, they be cracked as old.
Oh, why do I forgot to tell Reverend Jones something.
But anyway, then knowing he moved to Kansas City, that's why I didn't see him in the track last night.
Two questions that says, first did you ever get any confirmation of the call last week that said Mohawer David was behind the initial schmutz during with Fox News?
No, we did not.
Second, without me into sound like an alter-cocker, I heard you mention that you used Coke to you tend to have some effect on your pulse rate.
Could you explain just a little more things?
It's a great product for your heart. Your body produces Coke you tend, but naturally, but as you get older, it produces less.
And they found that Coke you tend is extremely important to the healthy right along with your gums, by the way.
Oh, that's important.
Do you hear me talk about that some time ago?
Gum health and your heart.
I've got lovely gums, by the way.
Also my eye doctor yesterday said, oh, gum, lovely.
I said, yeah, but how about my eyes?
Anyway, Coke you tend to, if you don't believe me, start popping something you'll discover.
And I'm not talking about like 30 or 60 milligrams a day.
I'm talking about 150 to 300 milligrams a day.
And you'll know, of course, a lot of people don't take their pulse rate of their blood pressure.
They go to the doctor for stuff like that, which is really stupid, you know.
But you'll see the tremendous, and me almost immediately effect has bringing that pulse rate.
Well, how many people have blood pressures?
Think moment, I'm not home.
No, no, you don't have to have the big one.
I have the one that goes on your wrist, though.
No matter how limp it is.
Yeah, the little limp wrist monitor.
What else wrong with that?
And then, of course, you get the prick on the end of your finger.
That's what Jim Stork said.
PS says this is a factor.
Why can't you call out drudges the self-hating fact that he is?
I thought I already did that.
He's such a notorious queen.
There's no way he's even going to dare contest the fact.
I don't think he does.
I've had enough of the Jews for Hitler and La Cavan facts.
Me too. I'm sick of it.
Sick of that.
Just like I fact to my close personal friend, Lynn Samuel's yet that he was also good buddies with that self-hating queen, Matt Drudge.
I fact that note to her and I said, I emailed rather.
I said, I've had it with the right-wing self-hating fags like the Alice Rantels of the world.
And the, what's the guy's name there on?
What is his name? Andrew Sullivan.
Another one.
Self-hating Faggot.
Here's another fact that says, Neil, the fixes in.
I went to my place to vote this morning before getting to the machine.
My local pool had me along with everyone else.
Place our signatures in pencil.
Doesn't the legal signature have to be an ink?
Yes.
First, what do you expect from Dave County?
By the way, happy birthday.
Thank you for many years of entertainment.
Go Penguins. How many goals do you think number 66 was going to first five minutes?
I think I might go to that game tomorrow night.
Might actually go to my first Panther game of the season because there's a team worth while watching play.
And it's not the Panthers.
It's Mario and the suddenly hot penguins.
Here's this long facts about Republicans and blacks and convincing them not to vote.
I don't have time for the whole thing, especially on my birthday.
I'm not going to do all that on my birthday.
Maybe we can read it together.
But the last paragraph is worth reading.
It says, in short, it's not time yet to celebrate the end of Republican racial politics.
Conservative Republicans may be paying more attention to black voters than in the past.
And they may be smiling as they speak.
But when this mask of warm-hearted concern is drawn aside, the GOP strategy is still aimed less at creating diverse black political participation
than trying to persuade black Americans to participate as little as possible.
Let's hope it fails.
Here that last line, to persuade black Americans to participate as little as possible.
Let's the... I'm going to stop Iran's eye.
Convince you folks, the dark folks, the liberals are your enemy, their racist, their bunch of cracker assholes.
Don't be voting for anybody.
Who's that on the bat line now?
Chef Conehead.
Chef Conehead.
How come you don't have that banner playing up there saying vote McBride?
Because I don't mix business and politics.
Well, let's start doing it right now.
Vote McBride, so says Neil Rogers, spokesman for the pizza lot.
Okay, that's it. It's up. Consider it done.
Okay.
Happy birthday.
Thanks.
You're not getting older. You're getting better.
Yeah, yeah.
So what's going on, dude?
Nice game last night, by the way, by your team.
Yeah, I still feel like crap.
You should.
Yeah.
You should. I'd be embarrassed and humiliated. I'm surprised you didn't call to do this.
I'm very one of the best teams in the league.
I'd be... What?
They're one of the best teams in the league.
It's not just a question of one of the best teams in the league.
It's a question of the caliber of the performance.
Hey, hey.
That was pathetic.
And you can have a bad game at the end of the year.
They're going to be first place in the year.
Oh, my God.
This man must be doing magic mushrooms on his pizza.
Ray Lucas couldn't be pepper high school at the game or first.
Lucas played great.
Ray, are you... What game are you watching?
What game are you watching, mister?
What?
Interception.
Oh, my God.
How about when he went back to passing the ball all the way up there?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I didn't know.
You JimН is that thing important.
the hangin' it, hangin' it out somewhere.
10 past 11 at 560, see we replaced Roy with Troy,
which was a good move in the right direction.
That was excellent.
Troy Stratford, our ball hit.
He's got like a Ray Lucas look alike.
Have you ever seen Troy Stratford?
I've never seen Ray Lucas.
Same skinhead.
I see.
Same complexion, light complexion.
They look the same from the top and the bottom.
Hey, speakin' of that, how about start poppin'
some Olima in your post?
Somebody just asked me about Coke, you 10th?
Guess what?
I've been telling you about Olima in the until I'm blue
in the face from talkin' about it.
Olima is a stupendous bunch of formulas
that are scientifically designed to help different parts
of your body and your health.
And now they got three new formulas,
one to help your sleep, one to help you control your weight
and Coke, you 10th.
I'm not makin' that up either.
I'm a big believer in supplements,
but especially Coke, you 10th, I think there's anything else
you can take other than maybe Niasin,
which will make your flush.
But other than that, there's nothing else you can take
that you see such a dramatic and quick result in
than Coke, you 10th, you need it, believe me.
All of these products using the benefits
of the finest purest olive oil you'll find anywhere.
So Olima is an exciting new product
that will help your health and if you wanna pick some up,
you can do it at public's records and Walgreens,
but make sure you're picking shoes which one.
For more information call Olima until free
at 1-866-Olima, that's 1-866-6536-333.
You can also order their products online
at oliametamerica.com.
And if you visit your nearest public
and buy an Olima product and date a bride,
you can get a coupon for a free Larry Coker Bobblehead doll
while supplies last.
Don't forget to visit their sampling
for Villean at Sports Town every Sunday
when the dolphins are playing home games.
You know those dolphins that go in the AFC?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Pick up free oliamet samples and product information
and for better health start,
pop in some oliamet today.
My name is Olima.
This is Sports Radio 560.
Way to A.
Holy Makin'on, this is Jobol on the Voice of the Toronto
May Beliefs and you're listening
to the Hockey Authority Neal God.
Oh where are we?
Where am I little dubby?
My little dubby, my little dubby.
Hey, B.C.D.
E.F.G.
It's like a K.L.M.N.
O.B.
Oh, triple, triple, little star.
I do wonder where you go
or check and see when the puppy
to fit your pillow or turn.
Oooooooohhhhhh
I don't get it.
1116 at 560 WQAM.
Do you get it?
No.
Oh.
You'll God.
Happy birthday.
Many happy returns to the days.
Are there any coincidence that
Moe is pimping Fox?
That you made your harassment
came from Fox?
I don't know.
How do you like that?
That's certainly going to be
a conspiracy theory.
That's some of the conspiracy theory
that some of the conspiracy theory
is going to be passing around.
By the way, how come Fox is going
after HBO and a program
Kirby Enthusiasm, Larry David?
They had a hilarious episode
where Larry David's got a discussion
with a black rapper who calls him
my nigga over and over again.
Then Larry David responds to the rapper
so now you my Caucasian, right?
I guess that's no problem, right?
Right.
Keep rubbing it and the Rosary
needs to if even McBride says rich.
We got about a half a dozen people
voted for McBride already.
That's not bad.
There.
Here's another one.
Happy birthday.
This morning on What's a Vote
in Dave County and I wore a
Jem T-shirt.
They didn't even check my ID.
The good news of what a
former bride sticking to them.
How do you like that?
That's it.
Little substitute.
By the way, here's a bulletin
just in.
All future elections in Florida.
You're only going to be allowed
to vote for people named Bush.
Yeah.
They just passed that while we were
looking the other way.
We were worried about the
pig amendment.
Only going to be allowed and
they'll keep it simple that way.
Then we don't have to get so
confused.
If it says,
Bush, just push it.
Push it.
Push, Bush.
Here's one that says,
I went to vote in South Miami
at 9 a.m. was out by 9.15 a.m.
No problem.
Don't know if my electronic votes
were counted or
electronically raised to all
shanigans ago when I was
pretty smooth.
Voted yes on amendment 6.
Second hand spoke.
I'm sorry.
I don't agree with that.
I agree with an principle
not, but not good for
business.
It's actually in a tourist
oriented state not good for
business and for little
business people.
Not good.
Voted no on the
pig amendment chaired by
H. Wayne Hapingga's daughter
with a way to humanity in the
daughter to it says.
PS, you're my 9 a.m.
to 1 p.m. guy in
Schmidt is my 3 to 6 p.m.
I do both of you guys by the
radio and the web.
But for a chuckle check out
Schmidt's,
more snackers are photos on
his website to see what local
celebrity was captured
previously hanging with the
snackers.
Okay.
Let's see.
Left thumbs down.
I already saw that.
Left thumbs down.
I saw that.
Nick Kristoff.
Let's see.
I hate the George
Arafa Rodriguez.
Arvby.
Oh, one of our Jew
people hates you.
You think you're
concerning with those
Palestinians.
And you're right by the way,
Arvby.
Channel Humper.
Here's John who says in
Bokos says.
Happy Birthday,
he shows it's great.
You're on fire,
having heard any fat
rituals lately.
We appreciate your hard
work.
And also PS, we voted the
bush-mice ride of office
this morning.
Just him and his buddies
he's voted about which is good
good to hear while he any fat rich story you don't fat rich remind me my mother
that's about it he's okay
he's trying to get the swelling down a little bit
let's say here's uh... a whole you who says first happy sixty of birthday if i
maybe sarcastic for a moment in third world countries and we got the third world
country monitors here by the way that's not a joke in date county
they're here monitoring today's election
oh my god let me tell you right now
so when a mad dog you know sometimes people think he's a real comedian
but when he says only in the banana republic baby
only in my amma he's not whistle out his ass i'll tell you that
anyway says in third world countries people are mostly illiterate well i
here
people vote by placing an x next to the color of the party so if you want to vote
for the democratic candidates look for the red color and press their place
the x for the republican candidate for the but now you got a backward
for the blue color blue is for the member well whatever
and place your access will avoid voter confusion that's not bad
that's how the u.s.a. today approach the voting
nice colorful stuff we can relate what do you do about people are colorblind
let's see easy to fix what you just have under the poll workers uh... can't
to vote for them
you know something named butch
in fact i've got barbure butch maybe she can run for something like grandma of
the year
how many votes we got on a mole poll today people really fired up about this
what should be the punishment for more howard david
sucking up to the enemy fox sports would have called in the toni bruno on
the year during our show yesterday during our high rated high price show
old prick
here's the results for hundred thirty two votes is not even on a thirty or
a four hundred thirty two votes
and he's looked like they're real
who's more howard david and hundred and forty three
fire is old ass one on nine
well one on nine that's interesting on election day how p t one on nine
i remember
or we could play for all nine by the beach boys
still is a two pays seventy one
he gets repeated by the whole staff forty one that's both stations by the way
fox and qa
vanishing from paradise twenty seven
no penalty gets a goldstone of purple jenny with jellie being twenty five
and he gets raked in by freaky carlos only sixteen who are really just way
out they need to see him or that there'd be more votes for that
see who freaky carlos
oof
that's a post that's a post a lunch
what is waste basket is just overflowing
man
faxes are just pouring in today
let's see jett bushy is to florida's can lay is to n-ron well i might have to
read that one's not going to any good
here's what says i need to learn George you know that the the people in this
country like i said yesterday keep this in mind okay
those of you in iq larger than four
most of the people in this country are stupid okay
there are about a hundred and fifty million uh... fray those running around
stupid
dumb
but it's not just what they agree or disagree politically just because they're
dumb un informed stupid
ignorant illiterate
leaving this pen people go to vote for democrats they were dumber than saw
us any other way around as well
dumb
in addition to it you combine that with the fact that when you see all these
shenanigans going on and people already reporting that the m
these new unfangled expensive machines are screwed up and uh... dick and around
with their vote
what incentive is there really for people to go to vote you know
just about your rich assholes depends on which one you stick in there
to try to preserve your uh... few of your rights if you have any left
and some money
or anybody got any of that left
no i don't think so
eight years of unmatched prosperity
all the good stuff that happened to one of the just like bush end of the Swedish
guy
can't believe they put me in there
anyway
they didn't
on speaker that
i'm writing you guys to get the article you may reference to when he spoke about
the comments and elected official made a wish we did official without knowledge
of conversation being recorded it was information it was right against peace
and prosperity please fast as information to
et cetera so on attention roger and have that anymore you can be
sorry roger
that's from yesterday's stuff i mean get serious
david says all your former bag boy at publics
i wonder which one
send a picture david's probably old and ugly now
says just wishing you the best in your birthday of those new for another twenty
years your former bag boy public love and kisses david
nice probably uh...
hold is david
old enough
anyway
what else we got i just a just a
purring here
pouring all what would be the do it
what would be this do that's a good question they
w w j s d
on election day what would be this do i like to be when he vote for jab
no
not a china and chance
we use that expression all the time i say let's run a china for office here
see what i
might fool the hell out of you
but put a different slanted whole election
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t
and for rison wireless lines or was the ponytail talking about that was a two
hour blow job
w to q a m
q a m hello
hello yes sir
yes what is it
what is it
hey what he
i can't be perfect to you
thanks what he what do you sound like you're on another planet
i'm in my car
that's a good reason i guess
how was the nry kate concert how to go
i was
i was really put on a great show that's i even a herald even a hero wrote nice
things about it which is almost unheard of
right but he really i mean
i was very enjoying it was a very enjoyable show
yeah i was i was totally entertained
now did you get to see him naked after the show when he was showering up and
lathering up and everything
no but i got the breed the same
man is on a corner cova
oh
ooo no comment
she has a really nice leg
yeah she's got three trunks yeah she's a
dichotreatron says what the rumor is
oh man she's got nice legs
well that's good i heard it wasn't sold out though which is a little
disappointing to me
we have one the little it was a little
dissuade that it wasn't sold off but there still was a lot of people there
yeah and everybody also heard that you gave our listeners nosebleeds seats up there
that they had to get oxygen to enjoy the show
not what not bad but uh hey the price was right
yeah
but you you know you did a great job helping it i really appreciate that
well that's good and recase my man he had the surely bruscon
bite me personally go but you know the race track always takes
persons with me i understand that i'm sure you do
everybody's got a half their you know priorities
yeah on that but uh yeah here you've got to go to one of the
panther games finally could be
yeah i went to the uh monday night with Atlanta which
was like one long old play he was unconscious he was great
he played all over the place but there's this guy
majesky or something else yeah hank majesky used to play for the cubs about
fifty years ago
that guy's like he from i mean he's
works in uh...
well well
well don't start with hockey talk we're having a really good show here today
what it wasn't up you came here and killed it for those tickets you
today we're here you're a show you're as in weekend would say you are show
stopper
yeah thanks what he thanks a lot
many more birthday thanks for the memories
take care see him i'll call her anymore
uh... uh... uh... oh man oh and you never believe this
you won't believe it unless you already heard about it
guess who showed up here out in the front desk one day while you were off
last week
i and wanted to come in here
it was embarrassing
showed up just out there at the uh... reception desk somebody i know
let me give you a clue
uh... let me guess you okay
how many guess you need
and you didn't let him in
no
what the hell do i want him in here for
what for what to do another hour on the show oh my god you think what he's
boring you think that uh... richard freedom with that called yesterday is a
show stopper
johnny dark i like johnny see that's another thing i don't let that interfere
but he's our co-incident the life we have chosen okay i don't let it
interfere
i'm not gonna feed him first of all because i'm not doing that very much because
we got the food from other black sack that's number one and number two he
come in here and sit down expect to be on the air i don't want him in here
but he's our we don't want anybody in here while i'm doing the show okay
he's uh... and we can maybe okay and reekay but it might be our co-witch it's hard
to talk with your mouthful what johnny dark isn't he one of our pizons now although
based on what every day tells me it certainly wouldn't keep my well anyway oh and
guess what's this got a small penis clearance
what he told you that yes he's a tall guy with long fingers he's Jewish i see that
was his excuse he said he's hung like a butterfly
maybe that's why he can't get laid huh maybe test just biting those girls on the
arm and doing all those grotesque ugly things in the fact that he smells bad
but you know the fact that he's got a very tiny penis
which i thought it was a pretty upstanding for a sportsman or guy like him who's
got to be part of that crowd you know to be saying that because you know you
got a real tiny penis in locker with all the sportsman they laughed their ass off
at you
yeah although mad dog told me Joe roses hung like a
flea twenty seven after eleven and he would know those guys showered together a
lot i'm talking about ball games i'm just talking about in general
twenty seven yeah after eleven and five sixty wq and you know
mattress shopping forget about it just pick up the phone i don't have to go through all the
verbal foreplay here in tenni that in the old days it was a real pain in the arse
driving around going from bedding to departments to trying to figure out who's giving you the best
deal who's got the best goods doll of my fizz has got the best goods in the world they got the top
names they got sir to see Lee Simmons King Coral the greatest manufacturers in the history of the
mattress business so if your mattress is lumpy and bumpy and worn out and smells like maybe
nasty like toe jam or maybe smells worse than most bag here's the answer call one eight hundred
mattress right now they'll be there knock on on your door anytime it's convenient for you between
noon two one and three two and four etc even on chivuas because when it's convenient for you
and they do our windows seven days a week that's when they show up on time they take away the
crappy old bedding and set up the brand new one for you and they give you that thirty day in
home comfort guarantee so you can test it out the only intelligent way by guess what
sleeping on it what a concept so call him today and like i said you we sleep in like a baby
in no time at all one eight hundred mattresses that under the call for dial a mattress one eight
hundred m a t t r e s or check them out on the web at mattress dot com
my
and look all this is for 30 or five six years
way
to
weigh
thank
hey Johnny have a nice day but stay the hell away okay
throw cables
do
go like
all the harbor
don't go go
every time i see
that
free card it in which
tv
he's president comes
republican muskled
and in our king of the
i don't know why
they want
all the
you
and
one
And I'm going to go to the port
Why?
Here you want this
Don't know the lips drumming
Sleep at me
Don't know the broken
I'm this drunk in rich kid
Don't know the easy thing
Lumber than me
Here he is
President of the s**t
Yes, don't care what it's all
You got him in by hooker and rock
The Christians
Don't know what does you and I
But have no fear
We've got a great leader here
Oh!
With President of the s**t
President of the s**t
President of the s**t
Man news
Man news
What?
Tell you, always say it comes in what?
80s?
Three, I'm sorry
Come in in the 20s
Guess who died
Well, I need a hint
Lost in space
Oh no, not June Lockhart
No
I would have said lassie
For June Lockhart
That the professor
Jonathan Harris
Oh no
Jonathan Harris, the flamboyantly fussy actor portrayed the dastardly cowardly antagonist
Dr. Zachary Smith on the 60 sci-fi show Lost in Space has died
He died?
He was 87
Well, that's old enough
Harris died Sunday from a blood clot in his heart while receiving therapy at an incinerary hospital from a chronic back problem
How do you like that?
Family spokesman Kevin Burns said yesterday
Born Jonathan
Cheras...
Oh boy
Cheras Succhin
In the Bronx to Russian Jewish immigrant parents
Oh see, you don't like him as much anymore, he was Jewish
Harris adopted the stage person
There's Duffie and Jewish
Harris adopted the stage person of a classically trained British actor with his grand eloquent accent crisp anunciation
And for a professorial manner
What did my phone?
The hotline number
For what?
A celebrity caller
Oh, somebody did like
Are we going to start with that again?
You know how I feel about that
Somebody would like
Birthdays and anniversaries man
You all like refugees to set up those contrabcoes
Oh boy, talk about the insincere kind of like Al Gore
You know what I'm saying?
Disingenuous?
I don't see the hotline ringing by the way
When people would ask him if he was from England Harris would confess
Oh no my dear, just affected
Said Burns a long time friend and director of the 1998 documentary Lost in Space Forever
He also worked with Pixar Animation Studios in recent years
Supplying the voice of many, the praying mantis magician in a bug's life
And the elderly dog repairman in Toys to Re2
Oh there's the bad line, hello
Hello
Yes
Neil?
Yes
Happy birthday
Thanks, who's this?
Thank
You sound like you're at a tunnel somewhere
I'm here with movers, otherwise I'd be there to wish you happy birthday
Are you moving into your new place?
I've got you know, movers coming in today
Great
Well listen after this election now you might want to change the destination
I was thinking of maybe the West Coast
Yeah
Happy, welcome to the over the hill gang
Oh that's right, you're a little bit ahead of me just a little bit
I think there's somebody who's ahead of both of us by the way
Oh, we all hit that
In fact that would be, I think we already did that poll, who's the oldest of them all?
No contest
Yeah
No contest
So how about now, you did the thing a couple of years ago with your buddy Romi
Which you know, we looked the other way, we, you know, just like
Yeah, but I got to tell you something, that was not contrived
No
You know, plan
And then you didn't
You didn't work with a SBN and he asked me to do it
Right
And frankly it was thoughtless, I'm like barred because
Yes it was, don't do it again
I wouldn't
But, but to make a long story short now, have you been listening to this thing we've been playing today?
Yeah
Yeah
And
Even they took a shot
Yeah, no Howard David, they're calling it
In fact you know something as much as he despises being called, maybe we can get him
And he could be a celebrity on all the stations in the market and start talking about
No Howard David, I think to put him right on the map
I don't know what his problem is, I'm giving him like billions of dollars of free publicity
And he's a belly-hicken about it
I don't get it, I always accept it
So how do you like to, and you know something like I said, you're good friend because I know you're in here close to Joe
We had a nice chat out here yesterday, see that's the difference
Joe knows it's business, not personal
And he understands what it's all about
He wished you a happy birthday on here yesterday
How do you like that?
So, I always like Joe
Yep
Not on the ear so much, no it's been seriously, it's the difference
But anyway, how about that game last night, huh?
Well, I called it
Did you?
Yeah
She when it comes to my wallet, you don't have those, you know
Right
I don't have a broke your feelings
Right, exactly
Well, and I wonder what kind of game, maybe I'm wrong, I don't know, I didn't see all of it
I saw some of the track and then it had a sort of last quarter and a half at home
But people are telling me Lucas played a great game, I mean he threw some good passes
But having a great game is that it does not mean throwing a few good passes
And then like playing like a high score
I played a game compared to the last one
Yeah, which is in San Munch
No, he's, you know, he got jittery towards the end
And he made a couple of real bad throws again, you know, they had four, you know, they turned them all over too many times
Wasn't all his fault
No, but put it this way, he wasn't the only culprit
No, but he sure did his part
Yep
And Chris Carden exactly lighted up either last night
No, but, you could apply that to Rust
I think Paul Warfield's coming back next week in Danny, Danny and Paul, what's wrong with that?
Yeah, that wouldn't be so bad
They might track the hell out of you, I'll tell you that right now
Well
And why is it that Dolphans, I don't know, maybe it's everywhere
But they look at now for example when the Patriots were down here
I mean, they said they missed a bust, they didn't show up, they played a terrible game
Why is it that Dolphans can't do that and say hey, we stuck, as opposed to all the excuses and but a beat
But I don't get that
Maybe they don't have that on the...
You know something, the green base is good
They are good
And nobody beats that team up there, particularly when it's cold
So why is everybody so shocked?
I wasn't shocked, I called it two weeks ago, I was told it was going no chance
They could have a problem again this week
And to be honest with you, the green base really, I don't know, they kind of coasted a little bit
They could have had about 45 points in that game last night
Yeah, they're very good
They really are
Anyway, I was thinking about you, I'm sitting here with you watching these guys move my stuff in
And I'm delighted for you that you're moving in
Oh, you're moving in?
Yeah
Excellent
So, yeah, hopefully, if you don't be finished in a couple weeks
But you're still in Dave County though
Yeah, I'm on the edge
Proving that nothing is perfect, just close enough to make a quick escape, like here at work
I'm right by the ocean, I can get out of here and it is
Even in a boat
But I can fight the incoming traffic
Maybe you can borrow one of those rafts from the Haitians, they're not going to use it again
I'm not going to say, that's a fight the incoming
Now, I want to give you, because I know you're already aware what you're going to be dealing with this afternoon for a couple of hours
And that is the beat, don't you think that there's a conspiracy against the Hercunes?
I love that one
Now that they've dropped to number three, Hank wants to talk all afternoon about what are we going to do about the BCS conspiracy?
Yeah, he can save that for Eddie Kaplan, he loves that
Okay, thanks, see you later, thank you
Okay, it was Hank with a bad connection there, it sounded like he was rising in his new place, huh?
It sounded like he was lost in space
In the basement
Yeah, it sounded like he was out in no man's land
Anyway, so Richard, what's his name?
Richard Harris died the other day, so that was a 40-in-slip
Richard Harris died, and then who was the one we had yesterday?
Which I just got through talking about a little while ago
I know
I know, I know, I know who was
And now we got Jonathan Harris from lost in space
He was great, always comes in three
He was funny, him and the robot
He was no writing McDowell
He was no built mummy
You know writing McDowell?
Yeah, he's dead
And habits to the best of us
There's 20 till noon at 5, 60, WQM, we got the mad dog at one Hank will be on a three
And we're talking about that BCS pool
5 to 6, you got Patrick Sir Tan
That's Mr. Sir Tan to you, he's got a good tan
And then you got what do you got?
6, 30 to 8, 30, who are at Coon Hotline
And what are we gonna do again?
What are we gonna do about that BCS pool now that-
Harukai, f***ing blow
And at 8, 30 you got the big one
Because we have absolutely nobody else to put on here in those hours
Eddie K from GA will be talking about the Overs and Unders and the Inns and Outs
And Joe and Mark overnight
So Joe and Mark played the Howard call to Fox last night?
Well he said that he was gunner when I talked to him
Well let's find out if he had the balls
And we'll talk to him, okay, because he's the one person in the building
Who's been 8-well of and guilty, who does it for survival sake
But other than that, he's the one person in the building who's really been sucking on an old bag
You know what I mean?
Only from like 430 on
In fact the rumor has it around a building that the day that most bags slipped off the edge of the chair there
That Joe was the one that like mopped it up
Like that
Just like that
Oh my God
Well that's a good thing we don't have TV today
Right before lunchtime, Sam found out you guys lose weight
Let's face you, you've been here about fast-trained for a long time for a coons age on a show
That's right, a coons age
And the fact, and what is a coons age when it come right down to it?
20
Well the facts are simple if you have the dedication fast-trained will provide you with the necessary training to become
A certified computer professional
In other words, get out of your dead end job working in minimum wage, working for craft dollars, working for some jackass
According to Time Magazine, the man for a computer for professionals will continue to explode
The average student completes the training in just four short months attending school three nights a week
Once you complete your certification, fast-trained will help you obtain your new computer job
Fast-trained invites you to come in and visit their train career counselor and check out which track is ideal for you
Is it Lincoln Downs? Is it Narragansett? Is it Suffolk Downs? Is it Rockingham Park?
Call fast-trained toll free at 1-866-Train to set up your appointment
Is it Seminole Downs in Orlando? All the tracks I just mentioned are all in the business
With four convenient locations, Kendall, Miami, Pembroke, Pines, and Fort Lauderdale, there is bound to be a fast train near Bailu
And don't forget to ask the career counselor for listed students like yourself who are currently in their dream jobs
So call them today, call fast-trained toll free 1-866-FAST-Train
That's 866-FAST-Train or check them out on that world-wide Wicked Web at fast-trained.com
566-FAST-Train
The radio is on your side
Q&A
Never know who will call Tony Bruno on 940 Flax Sports Radio
Howard David, voice of the Miami Dolphins
I'm like, by listening you guys every day
You guys are doing a hell of a job, it's fun to listen to and O'Brien
I mean, the whole thing you guys are doing there is great
What? Did I hear that right? Back up with you
By listening you guys every day, you guys are doing a hell of a job
It's fun to listen to and O'Brien, I mean, the whole thing you guys are doing there is great
Wow, even Mohawar David listens to Tony Bruno on 940 Flax Sports Radio
Exactly
Flax News Hello
We really like to f**k you
Oh yeah
Flax News Hello
We really like to f**k you
We really like to f**k you
You're a fine looking fascist and a perfect little Nazi
I want to build their coffee through your soil panties
Discoating news, looking slug and sweet
Laughing your limbs like ancoltors roast beef
Flax News Hello
We really like to f**k you
Oh yeah
Flax News Hello
We really like to f**k you
We really like to f**k you
You ever think about doing that, Alisa?
Do you think you're f**king stupid?
You want to touch it?
Three ways, sir
You're not going to miss
Don't you think I'm f**king stupid?
No
The little pigs roast but they treat your punks
I'll bet it tastes like bubble gum
See you next time you need a story done
Since it takes something for roads to make you come
Flax News Hello
We really like to f**k you
Oh yeah
Flax News Hello
We really like to f**k you
Okay it's 12th till midnight at 5.60
Come in to QAM
Doval voting troubles continue
Though they opened on time
Troubles of the new voting machines
have a number of precincts in Duval County
They provided many ballots from being counted
Though now we're told the problem has been resolved
This is somebody just facts to me
From Jacksonville's WOKV.com
Among those precincts affected was the Murray Singleton Senior Center
Oi
The precinct that had the most trouble on primary day
Korean Brown, Congressional candidate was outraged at the problems of the polls
And told WOKV News
She was aware of similar problems of precinct 100
Both of these polls are heavily African-American precincts
Uh oh
And she wondered why those precincts seem to have the most problems
How do you like that? Because we can't imagine who they'd be voting for
Reports from around the city suggest the problem is more widespread than just those precincts
We received similar reports of these four other polling sites
It says that we understand all machines are now online
And processing ballots, whether they're doing it right or not, we don't know
Supervisor elections office tells WOKV News
That in those cases where a ballot won't process
They'll set these ballots aside and try again after the polls close at 7 p.m.
The turnout so far is about as expected with short lines of many precincts
In other words, meaty poker
But the dark folks for some strange reason, it must be just a coincidence, OK?
It must be just a coincidence, but keep in mind like the Fox News and our good friend Heather
Keep telling you, it's us liberals who are again you dark folks, OK?
We're the bad folks, they're the good folks
They just want to keep you safe by keeping you at home
Watch, name interim coach for Spartans, uh oh
Michigan State football coach Bobby Williams was fired yesterday
Two days after the embarrassing Spartans dropped to 3 and 6 with their worst loss in 55 years
Who cares?
Williams won a four-black coach, uh oh, uh oh
One of four black coaches Jesse ain't going to be happy with this
Among the 117 schools in the Vision 1A football was informed of the firing
After yesterday's practice by Vladimir Director Ron Mason
A offensive coordinator Morris Watts was appointed interim head coach
On Sunday, Jeff Smoker's family announced he suspended quarterback
His battling substance abuse and his sought help
That's why his name is Smoker, what's that, who's that the smoker we got in here?
Richard Smoker, Mr. Richard does, is it Mr. Richard Smoker?
To you?
Who now is Mr. or Mr. Richard Smoker?
Some fag
Now seriously
Who is it?
Mr. Richard Smoker, you're a poopy poker
Oh, this friend's calling Jeff
Sugarheads and coffee brands
One of those pipe smokers that Mokeh it's all upset about
The same day, tailed back to Juan Moss was dismissed from the team after being arrested and accused of dragging a police officer with his car following a traffic stop
Both smokers and Moss were captains
A 49-3 loss had meagre in Saturday, dropped to Spartans, which was ranked as high as 15th position
To one of four to big, then they stalked, okay, who cares?
Who cares?
Just more than that same insanity of college or football
Get ready for it, Humper, they're going to really be all over you today
We're about number three!
We are cursed, man, we're not blessed anymore, we're cursed
Volka Brian's got his beanie with the rotating propeller on it, we're all sitting here praying
Here's the facts it says from James, the dolphins are providing us with much needed comic relief
There are two words that remind me last night's performance, Gary O'Primian
Ray Lucas should fax his resume to UPS right away
Happy birthday, we are blessed, says Jay and Paul Met Obey
While we used to be blessed Jay and our cursed, between the fixed elections, the things that won't
And look at the markets of 63 points, what a coincidence
You mark my words, you watch
Maybe not tomorrow, but in days to come, all of this phony pumping up on the market, all this inflated crap
You'll see where it's going to go
Right down the tubes, here's Jimmy who says happy birthday, Neo
I've been listening to you since 1988, nobody does it better
The Mohawry Geldy bits are the greatest, voter from McBride and Hollywood today
No problems, keep playing Condoleezza, maybe in an endless loop for Heather from Fox, says Jimmy
Oh, I think we just had a little something special there for Heather from Fox
I'm gonna play the other version of it
There's another version?
Yeah
WQIM, once, QIM
Hello
Yes sir, hello
Yes, hello
Hey Neo, happy birthday, I'm coming from Washington, DC
Thank you
I escaped Florida in 1999 and I haven't had regretted it
Good for you
I'm now in the president of Maryland where we got a whole lot of shhh, well, whatever
Yeah
A lot of shooting going on
Yeah, that too, doc
Anyway, I usually call you from Amsterdam, but I'm leaving in two days, so
Oh great
I was wondering if you could recommend a shop there to go visit and mention your name
I don't think so
No, no
Okay, well, you know, just a shop
Anyway, happy birthday, hope you have many more and we're so glad to hear you on the radio
Even though it's really
Okay, tootsieens
Yeah
See ya
Is there a coffee shop you could recommend?
No, because I've never been in a coffee shop in my life, how do you like that?
In spite of all my beggings and pleading for you to bring me a souvenir
Oh yeah, right
No, seriously, I've never been in a coffee shop, there's one right down the block from where I live, I told you they delivered to your house
They got guys on motorcycles
Unfortunately, the guys they have on motorcycles are ugly, so why, you know
I can't even come to my house under the pretext that I wanted to buy some crap, but
What you got to do is tape it around your abdomen
Yeah, okay, express it work for him
Okay
5667 are just sticking in your...
Correct him
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line
We're going to hour to go, man, polls are open, go out there and vote 20 or 30 times
And they're going to do any good, I mean, and the result is already a foregone conclusion
There is no, I mean, a fair election in the state of Florence and OxyMoron, there's no such thing
I mean, it's depressing to say that, and I don't want to discourage anybody from voting, because at least you can say, well I gave him my best shot and you know, kill some good time
But I'm not just talking about who's going to win or who's going to lose, it's just that all the elections here are fixed
They're rigged
I mean, you go to the polling place and you cast your vote for whoever, and then it comes up and says you didn't vote for anybody or you voted for the other guy, what does that tell you?
You can go to the poll, wanted to vote for Al Gore and you want to put it for Pat Buchanan, what does that tell you?
Huh?
And that Theresa LaPourra up there with a goddamn butterfly ballot, she still got her job!
Miriam Elephant, she still got her job because of her complication, you know what I'm saying?
If she would have been a little about four shades lighter, she'd have had her as fire right now, with September the 11th, she'd have been a, what an interesting date too, by the way
This past I'm talking about, she'd been out of there
David Leahy, who happens to be white, but just incompetent, he's still in date like 100 years later, still bumbling things up
See no matter what, they hold date, I like to do with Chicago, like in the 60 election at the Kennedy Stool
And the last numbers that came in were from Cook County, which is Chicago because Dick Daily Headed, the fix was in, the fix was in with Dick
And, instead of Cook County now, the last votes in the country come in from, even though we're in the Eastern time zone, you think it would be from the upper northwest, from the far west from Hawaii, from somewhere, from the Illusion Islands
No, they come in from the Dave County, like on September 10th
How is that possible? Why is it by like 10 or 11 o'clock tonight, all the votes aren't counted in Dave County, I want to, I want to answer right now, David Leahy
You're incompetent, you should have been fired, just, we're gonna have Moe fire recess, is what we're gonna do
Because when Moe gets after you man, you've had it, just ask Carolyn, just ask the beast, ask the poor beast who not only got candy in the morning by Moe, but then had the ultimate indignity where a friend tried that we're fighting tooth and ale to try to keep him as food from balance
For like, tries trying to cut him off at the ass, a pass
Discussing, the man loses almost 60 pounds, he's like a walking poster child, he's like the guy from subway, I keep forgetting his name with a Jared, Jared
See, I told you
I don't give me that, like, yeah, I'm not, I can't stand Jared
Well, I don't either, but that's not the point, he's the poster child, he made him a lot of money
And that's the point, here's the guy that was on the verge of death, who was a waddling tub of crap
And I mean, just a waddling tub, he was like a schmoo with legs
Yeah, a schmoo with legs
And here we're saving his life, and well, we've exploited him as much as we can right now
Hey, you guys, you guys are better with earrings in your thing
You better get with it, you better take care of our friend, the beast, he's already gotten screwed over and off here
Pathetic, but that's this town for you know, a lot of fair-weather friends, Troy
And by the way, I don't eat fish
Four minutes till what he laughing about, I don't eat fish
So I've heard, how could they send me seafood in there? Oh my god
Seafood
I told you, the stench, just the smell of it long is enough to send me into orbit, into catatonic shock
God
Like in Boston, they've ever begun, they have all these open door, open door
Open, uh, outdoor, air, air, air, air, air, scare
And you walk through there and there's beautiful produce, and there's all kinds of great like
uh, meats and steaks, and then you get to the seafood part, oh my god
It smells like uh, Rosie O'Donnell just died on a sidewalk there
Good, golly miss Molly
Three minutes till noon at 5.60 QIM
When you shop for quality food, where you go, you go to Brandeys and Pompato Beach
Anybody knows that by now? Brandeys has been doing it for years in the same great location
12.90 North Federal Highway and Pompato Beach
Because they treat you great, they have the selection that's unbeatable anywhere
And they've got the lowest prices in town, and sales holes, they know how to treat you right too
And take good care of your tootsies
So, move your tootsies on over to Brandeys, you'll find top quality names the best in the business
Like rock ports, SAS, Sparies, Timberland naturalizer, and lots more
And because they got such a big selection, then I'm going to say, oh sorry mister, we don't have your size and stock
Whatever you're looking for, they got it, believe you may
They're open daily nine to nine Sundays, 10 to five
And of course, they're a specialist week like they have every week, all this week at Brandeys
Take 20% off on all famous men and women's vote shoes, only at Brandeys this week in Pompato Beach
We're sports radio 560, you AM
Time to get it on
Where are you? It'd be at 12 to 1 hour on WQA
Hey, Bob Funga, where are you?
I heard you're getting married, heard you're all getting married, what a stupid thing to do
I say as a friend, that marriage can be scary, should be those one fine sexy babe
While you and what you have that way, and baby, what happens twice to me
Will make you to unhappy, and baby, just as crappy for you
Because it sucks to be married
When do we have her on only WQA's Kenny? It's an all-expense babe, pre-knock you will agree, man
Two luxurious days of electro shock therapy at pre-knock's lobotomy spa
A complete set of porcelain dishes, a fine addition to any dining room, like wait and easy to throw
And a solid wooden chair, and crafted and perfectly balanced for easy lifting when breaking them over each other's back
We're gonna see a poivo, jacato and loi, 606, go down
Hey, Colmanza, oh sorry, 1202 and 560WQ and better check out this, you know
Oh, yeah
uh... right on the year sure let's see
and i will wait it from our good friends at point
now i want to cut number two of our better not check that
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
not on the year anyway
okay so it's a twelve or three we got the big new in one hour here it's
election day people are out there voting their running around they don't
realize that uh... you know democracy is dead it's all over
pretty pressing message but it's the truth i mean if we want me to lie to you
i'll tell you hey we get out there and you're really gonna make a big difference
are we gonna make a difference no because the fixes already in
here's a fact that says i think it's illegal to campaign within a hundred
hundred feet from a point place over your previous college to listening
those bush campaigners were breaking a lot of parking lot just like his son
and his wife p.s. have a tom Brady birthday or i wish
i wish i'll take the ice victory the huge smashing went over uh... sunday on
over buffalo rather and then of course it often embarrassing loss of
rebate last night nice quenna that's good enough and his daughter
jabbush and you mama also
jabbush is the florida's kennel is to end round rights tim Rosson
error bookmarked not defined it seems governor jabbush spends most of his time
these days running from one place to another to refute analyses reports and
pulls that show his lack of leadership has run florida's economy into a ditch
and broken the back of our public education system reports from such
left wing think takes as the florida chamber of commerce that is
justice kennel a hit and rons fiscal mismanagement from employees and
investors it seems our governor will go to any likes to mislead to
rittians about how the state's economy has gone from surpluses to deficits on
his watch
when jabbush took the reins of power nearly four years ago he spoke of
lofty goals such as creating jobs more efficient government at award class
education system now near the end of his term we're back to deficit spending
our school systems at the bottom of the national pile and government
graphed has become the order of the day after promising the most ethical
administration history governor bushes overseen corruption and
effitism run a muck in his administration it's now estimated that nearly
forty percent of our forty eight billion dollar state budget gets kickback in
the form of contracts with private companies many of which employer former
bush staffers the accountability governor has undercut the oversight and
accountability measures in our state contracts and bidding process he's even
gone so far as to cut the funding for the state auditor general and the office
of program policy analysis and government accountability to take our state so
far back in only four years can only be one of two things grossing
competence or willful mismanagement since n rons collapse the company is laid
off about five thousand employees worldwide this international scandal
pales in comparison to the job losses experienced in florida according to the
bureau of labor statistics more than a hundred and sixty one thousand jobs
have been lost in florida in the last year alone
bush has single handedly cut more than seven thousand positions governor
bushes quick to pass the buck claiming terror started laying for our budget
woes in spite of the fact that a revenue estimating conference demonstrated
as tax cuts for florida's wealthiest residents
dug us into a six hundred and seventy two million dollar hole well before nine
eleven bush recently stuffed his terrorism budget with so many turkeys
that even the republican chair of the senate public security committee
said people would laugh in our faces if we'd approved some of the governor's
requests such as a quarter of a million dollars for a satellite tracking system
for cows and half a million dollar kickback to a special interest group
the print pamphlets on family preparedness the chair of the southeast florida
security task force probably would have found these requests nothing less than
amusing he has uh... rather found these requests less than amusing he said
we assign patrols of florida ports because governor bush also cut national
guard funding in spite of florida remaining under a heightened state of alert
i suppose it somehow fitting that while florida's retirement system lost more than
any other state in the in-run debacle
jet personally benefited from his in-run stock
in the end jab bush is youthful to turn a profit for his friends of expensive
our future justice can lay use the employees investors in in-run
in four short years florida's become the in-run estate governments and jab bush
is our very own can lay what a great column there of course i didn't go to do any
good because we got a bunch of people out there with closed ears and closed
minds and no minds at all
it makes you realize how hopeful it is is it is one of the main
comes right out and says no matter what you vote on the goddamn
a class size amendment i'm going to like deep six at any way i don't give a
crap and all your facts out there baffon go to you too and all you darkies out
there we're not going to let you vote basically that's what it boils down to
and you'll see uh... you know the fact that in power which is the kind of that
they got a fear the most
that's where most of the problems lie i think it's just a coincidence no
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t and four eyes in line
wq a.m. hello happy birthday uncle new thank you
this is more so your old friend hey how you been
good yourself sir it's old shallow martial
no no no no no no salad that's good good that's stuff i'll pay you man
i just wanted to tell you get me twelve years of uh... uh... smiles from here to
And I just want to thank you for making my life enjoyable from in between all well thanks Marcel
What are you doing these days?
I'm going to tell a uniform company with I don't like uniforms.
Oh great.
So I can go by there and take care and customize a uniform for you.
Okay, just make them like brown shirt stuff like that.
Oh, by the way, that's my girlfriend's birthday.
Yeah.
So if you were to mind if you could do the birthday jingles for you and her.
Oh my god Marcel.
Okay, see you.
That's old Shaolin Marshall used to bring us all those real fattening sounds with a
marshmallow.
Oh, I like them.
They look great.
That Ambrosia.
Oh yeah, Ambrosia.
I haven't had this stuff in a long time.
Here's a little birthday present for me.
It's Tom Willing.
Don't forget smallville tonight at eight o'clock.
I mean, not a clock.
Whatever time it's on nine.
Happy birthday Neil from smallville from Tom Willing.
It says I went to the vote today and no, this is Tracy and Boko and aside from being
the only person in the room under the age of 85, I'm 24, quite a gap and having listened
to heartless seniors screaming each other for cutting in line, it meant they went all right.
My democratic votes were counted correctly or so said to computer, I had no problems.
Maybe Boko's too stupid even to get on the jet pitch.
Keep on keeping on it.
Tracy, thanks Tracy.
Well, see I'm thinking Boko, they're going to be worried about it too much because they
got, you know, well, they do have some old Jews up there.
Brian had no problems.
Brian had no problem, but he ate an old Jew, you know what I'm saying?
He's just another train monkey.
Yeah, that's all he is.
Well, speaking of that, gay sheep may help explain biology of homosexuals.
Gay sheep that made only with other rams have different brain structures from straight
sheep, if I did, they may shed light on human sexuality.
US researchers said yesterday the differences are similar to those seen in some homosexual
humans, but probably only go a small way to explaining causes of different sexual preferences.
But they go that word again.
I thought that word was ancient and old sexual preferences of team and Oregon health and
science university be saying we're not trying to explain human sexuality by the study.
Charles was selling a professor of physiology and pharmacology who let the study sit in a
telephone interview, whether this is a big component of what contributes in humans that's
still debatable working with the team of US Department of Agriculture sheep experiment
station Dubois Idaho Dubois Dubois.
No, it's Dubois.
I sure they do boys, but it's a French word Dubois Dubois Idaho.
Resoli's team studied 27 sheep, 10 U's, 9 rams that made it only with other rams and 8
rams that made it only with females.
The gay sheep are strongly homosexual, Rosoli said.
They don't pair a bond, but they're exclusive.
They don't court or mate with the females.
They only court mate with males.
First the scientists watched the sheep to be sure their behavior, something cannot be done
with humans.
Well, why not?
They took apart their brains.
Their head and reports in humans that a certain area of the hypothalamus, the preoptic
area, was large, usually larger in males than females.
This area was also to be found larger in heterosexual humans than homosexual men.
Maybe that's why I got such a small one.
That could be it.
That's your howl of hypothalmory.
Yeah.
It's my hypothec nervous thing.
And based on a selection, what we're here and so far today, I'm getting nervous.
Haven't heard any more of those reports yet.
Of course, remember last year, it wasn't until like the middle of the afternoon, we started
getting this stuff from Palm Beach.
People just screaming and shrieking and carrying on about.
I think I voted for Pat Buchanan.
Oh my God.
And he started, you know, I do enjoy that show on MSNBC 2-4 with Bill Press and my good
old friend Pat, who's stepping Pat.
But he started to revert to Form 9.
Not that the election was come all year.
He's making a while turn back to the right.
I wanted to disappoint his constituents.
10 past noon at 560 WQM.
Our good buddy Jeff Cohen was on the phone before he says, he don't care who you vote for.
If you vote it all, he wants your money.
He wants to give you some great delicious food, big, big portions, teeny tiny prices, delicious
and fresh.
Forget about all this stress.
Okay.
Go into the pizza loft.
You'd like to lay back atmosphere, the great service.
And of course, like I said, delicious pasta.
There'd be kind three different kinds of great pizza.
Garlic rolls just dripping and garlic.
In fact, you probably have to put a bib on because there's so much garlic coming.
It's just fantastic.
And all your favorite, the tight and favorites, chicken dishes, veal, seafood, calzone,
super subs, Jeff's got it all.
They do a stupendous job of catering.
I don't forget, it's going to get a little confusing.
Now, how do we do this?
Huh?
What?
Well, no, because there's two locations that I don't want to like lean one way or the other.
So to speak, give them both, like those sheep.
I know, give them both, but how do you like?
Anyway, in Davey, a university drive between Griffith and 595, that's the original Broward
location, just a gigantic bunch of free parking air for you right in front of the joint.
Right near the Armando Cafe, right behind Pier 1 imports on university for takeout for delivery
for catering at that location, call 954 916, 88, 80, 954 916, 88, 80 and the brand new,
and I'm not going to say it is now because I'm not going to say it's behind that place.
No.
The brand new pizza loft is on the corner of Navajo and Sunrise.
It's right behind that, that drugstore there.
Yeah, right behind them.
And the phone number there for takeout delivery and catering at the brand new plantation
pizza loft is 954 3a2 1999 3a2 1999, same great food, same low prices and a great ambiance
to maybe really lucky enough to see ponytail in there or get really lucky and not.
And don't forget holidays coming up soon, free anal vibrators for all at the world famous
pizza loft.
And now I waited from our good friends at Winkercock to travel.
Aspen Colorado, that's the place to go if you like skiing.
Imagine for a moment you're on the slope, you put your knees together, bend slightly
forwards and then you grab your pole while you put the other hand on the edge of the
table.
This is unacceptable.
Who wrote this?
I think it was time.
Ah, and I'm not Mr. Zipgode.
I know who's responsible for this sabotage.
This is the heavy work that I thank at you, poof, in that train guamal of a monkey of his.
The jokes on them.
Well, have you know?
I got connections in New York.
I'm here to demand that you grant me a favor.
I want a sink in a head on the oratics.
What have I done to be treated with such disrespect?
Oh Godfather, that the end of my rope.
Every day they got me raped and used in my name and vain and just making fun of my
veins.
I said, no, it's in here, and we can I know.
You can act like a man.
You know who I am.
You're a man who deserves respect.
So here's a ticket to Vegas.
Vegas?
Who needs fame?
Get me fame.
I already live in paradise.
I ask you don't talk to a man like Boat with like that.
I want you to take care of our friend Mr. Moe over here.
Sure, Pop.
Okay, take your pants off, fella.
Let me show you a good time.
Could your hands off me, you big dummy?
I ain't dumb.
God, dumb, you stupid.
Yeah, but not like they say.
Give me a hand here where you look at me.
I am honest, I hate crick.
Shabby Cowlin is not the key for quiet, okay?
Uh-huh.
And fattening.
Shut up and take the jinkle plunge.
I hate you.
I hate you.
I hate you.
I hate you.
I hate you.
I hate you.
I hate you.
I hate you.
I hate you.
I hate you.
I hate you.
I hate you.
I hate you.
I hate you.
I hate you.
I hate you.
The boot.
Go ahead now.
They're gone.
It's fine.
If the recess is getting finished,
at Dayiko Kato, men,
twenty
wqa m
deal
pretty good
i was called a thank you for those uh...
and reekate ticket you gave me my
was it
it was better than i thought you know it was alright
you know all right but uh... i was going to let you know that
us humans up here was probably brought we have a brain up here
and
the funny thing is the qvans come here seeking political
asylum come here to republicans
now i'm looking for other states for political asylum right
but thanks anyway but i think you two
cc i don't know if you're quick because you know it's the cause of the
trace because you've heard of a bright
humans from a bright baby line up
from here to the wall and they'll be in the middle of the bathroom
all six year
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen to look at what's
happened with the phone there all of a sudden i don't get it
maybe it's because you're just sitting there when we're talking to himself like that
i'd like to see that thing just start going by itself on top of brine's head
they just start rotating
wqa m
hello
going once
hello yes sir
hi i just want to fact number
just want the facts number
like it fact in a self-floor voting experience
you want to tell me about it
yeah i'll tell you about it okay
uh... i recently moved
and not being a consistent voter i went over to my old place in oakland park
to find out what my new
pulling it uh... place right
while the church that i went to where he's to vote sent me over to the library
because they said they did a redistricting
so i go over to the library they couldn't find my name on the list
the supervisor says well let me call and find out they take my name my new address
they say well your number sixty five x they pulled up on the chart
and it's on some road called pastadena lakes bullivore
somewhere in the point
so i say well can i get directions to that if i really don't know the neighbor
that will yet so the guy goes well
i don't know where it is
so let me call my supervisor
the lady supervisor comes out
well let me get let me do it because i can get through faster on my phone
she calls up
wait a few minutes and she says
they can't find it there looking on yahu to try to find out where the address
mhm
so
time goes time goes time goes
absolutely nothing happened so apparently
these yahu couldn't find it on yahu so
god knows where the thing is
good luck to us all
by the way the kind of the the yeah
the best
it is
jorge and rummy had begun but when they got to the extra roll line
i pulled the car over to the side of the story
you started moving your head from side to side of that
i almost had an accident
thanks
good luck to us thanks to you
how do you like that there's another stir up sure there are thousands and
thousands and thousands of stories by the end of the day
people try to exercise their american right and they keep saying oh you got a
vote it's your civic duty here by the bottom of the public doesn't care
how do you expect to buy a course that's all about your crap anyway
because they don't want more people to vote because then it becomes like
uh... too dangerous it's the right to control and fix that way
when too many people actually show up
you know like a hundred thousand people vote in the uh... certain area
and then they got like five thousand votes it's kind of hard to explain where
they are ninety five thousand when
wq a.m
yes i am
hi merry merry how are you
how's the old the
a pics north punk's north whatever it is
actually it's a chat about
oh
me or something to tell you
uh... few weeks ago i heard you mention
that he would not be a judge and uh... something came up about the
son of a pretty doodah from the south
which of course was before his time and you mentioned that he
you know he never heard of the movie
uh... you know that movie was pulled
banned
guess who brought the rights to it
uncle reenis
no
they'll cause me
bill cause me
he said that it was bringing
to the uh...
that African race and that uh...
he was nobody was going to
oh my god you gotta be
smitten me
but now online there's a son of a south rink
and they have a petition already of fourteen thousand names to bring the movie
back
uncut
i think it's a part of history it's not the meaning of course not i love uncle
reenis
and beer
beer box
right
and we're rabbit okay thanks very very nice to get the
don't forget that's very very used to be from bungsdord pennsylvania yes
that's hard baby
now i don't understand the what is this a
first street horizontal north of the table what is it what is this mean
there must be more of this fact that it's directions of from yahu to that
guy
uh... this must be where the guys post-devoat i see
we must have put that on here
it says first street horizontal
north of taft well what a horizontal mean like east and west is what they
try to see how usually we for the streets is like vertical or horizontal but
i get the point north of taft off university pass a double bar
you follow that
no that's all the risk to it anyway
or you have a Vatican thing i'll say that
we want to talk about the Vatican about the fact that they make up their own
laws okay
forget about controlling the elections and forget about the people of the
law because
this group makes up their laws and a poppy makes up his laws and just mind
your own business
is basically what a board down to i poppy
don't confuse us with the facts
with the fact facts
w-k-y-m
heavy birthday nil thank you sir
more keep us moving west Palm Beach i got to move further north
jesus christ
store it's not too bad
now is the end of that
uh... jesus this is more about the freaking pope what does that say about his
gay
all i say
something about the pope is gay well we all know that
and it got a roxer on were in a dress
w-k-y-m
happy birthday nil how you doing today pretty good thank you sir
now i'm telling you you got a fire the most right he's got to go he can be
doing that
talking to
twenty buno knows jackasses
okay
yeah and as far as that happy birthday from everybody i've got to be loved you
okay
hey
c-a was like a mixed blessing i think would be the appropriate expression
your mixed blessing a mixed bag
i was thinking about them this morning you know how they destroyed our good
friends on that other morning show how those other guys would still be here
for them
but you know we don't hold it against you doing
uh... five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the dot dot dot dot dot
eighteen for eyes of wireless line for a lot of votes man that you're gonna go
over six hundred just during the show today
this is and this is not what i have five sixty six already no sweat
no sweat
what should the punishment be for more how are david sucking up to the enemy
fox sports yesterday with an tempered call
case anybody didn't hear it will be planned again twenty thirty times before one
o'clock
who's more how are david and hundred ninety
fire is old ass hundred forty four i should we should have underlined old
steelist who pays ninety four
he gets raked it by the whole staff fifty one
banish him from paradise thirty eight
somebody's actually might wind up on the year next week some of these suggestions
like getting raped at the whole staff
uh... banish him from paradise thirty eight no penalty gets a gold star in a
purple jelly bean twenty nine
and he gets raked it by freaky carlos twenty
twenty say gets raked it by freaky carlos
would you like to see more being held up against the wall with a nipple ring
uh...
i think we take more than that
twenty six past noon at five sixty and just envision that right now
that a pretty thought of some of this bad is that back
slipping off the end of the cheer the angel costello clean things up
do i have the right spot here might have right hour under what they'll end
all right i got the right spot
why transpose the hours it's kind of confusing you know we get to be this
old when you get to be old in the like sixty oh my god sixty is ancient
all these assholes and all your not so well yes i am and
i'm an old part i don't feel like an old part but i am an old part
along with the mommies for lunch so that walk into that place at home and i feel
like a teenager here
you know who are out complex the average age there is death
if you love your home but you need more space what do you do do hundreds of
other people are doing called strictly additions
whether you're having a baby wanted or unwanted in another room if you're
converting your car porter patty when the living space if you went into
a business for yourself and you want to make a home or office
call strictly additions because of these are the people you count on to
the waste of the job for you
there you're one stop shop more space for your place place with an
absolutely where you're for your post expanding
your living space no shows by the contractors will happen with these people
incomplete work no chance no unexpected bills no worries about the job not
getting done right
and like i always tell you take care of every single last detail
they drop all your blueprints they get the building permits handle all the
inspections for you strictly this is got that easy five step approach to
total customer satisfaction you know maybe some day pd Lenny give me some
new copy for these people and we'll like redo the five step approach but i
doubt it
he's too busy being a professional the answer and chasing around suck up to
screw in in Vegas
one call it the schedule free project evaluation appointment to your home
where a project estimator will determine the scope of your addition second
schedule a bit appointment their continued to room where you'll get a
detailed proposal and an exact price for your work third select your
finishing touches go to contract for review the design architectural
drawings and last and certainly not least use it back in relation to the big
a small on your post as your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with
unbeatable quality it's a piece of cake call strictly additions let them do it
for you check out the red the other pages if you like they serve all a
proud and south Palm Beach County call it nine five four seven nine one eighty
one hundred nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred they be licensed
they're insured professionals who want to really do a stupid job for you
call nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred and tell them that old
Neil and PD Lenny told you to call strictly
additions
line and local
sports radio five sixty two
you a
push
back to
well
he's a tall a happy that
he got the money from a steady
lou.
działal
good
and
it
So look out all you do, get ready for the gas.
He's a telehazzy nasty.
He'll give our civil rights to Wamy.
He's a telehazzy nasty love of FLA.
Well, he's a very wealthy dude with very fashions.
You, who never paid his dues, by next year,
will all be screwing hard.
Sing hard, sing hard, sing hard.
Any smart could win that race against buddies with K.
Why do you think they call it guber?
Victoria, anyway, he's a telehazzy nasty.
Oh, building the KKK nasty.
Oh, yeah, he's a telehazzy nasty.
He's a double-fabulous.
Come on, let's do step.
Come on, let off.
1233 and 560 WQM.
We got the mad dog who's going to be really angry and pissed off
and far enough today at 1 o'clock.
It's going to be psychotic.
And then we got the Hank at 3 o'clock.
Dude, I call Hank today and talk about the BCS
and how the hurricanes have conspiracy against them
and about the word number three and whaaat!
You know, like crap, we...
And then we got the Patrick Sir-10 with Hank at 5, 630.
You got Hurricane Hotline from David Busters.
830, it's the big...
For only, uh, what is it?
Oh, only an hour and a half, we can handle that.
How many band and erroneous things can you see on here
an hour and a half, huh?
30 or 40?
And then 10 o'clock we got Eddie K from GA
and Jordan Mark Overknight will be playing the mohower thing
over and over again tonight.
Guess what, Bill?
A Brian Brocken.
My deon scene, either somebody ripped off out here
because they like deon a lot, I guess.
Yo, Frankie.
Remember John Hammert from Channel 6
who got all excited about this?
And uh, Tudor and so on?
He was too good to be here.
In this market.
Where he holds deon.
He's been playing the band, hot dogs, bands.
He's been choosing sides to kick the cans.
He really is back to the street.
Oh, yeah.
Good night, so we walk.
It's good night, so...
See, I'm thinking about Thursdays.
It was like almost a real radio station working on IOT.
I mean, here we don't pretend to be a real radio station.
We're just like a money machine.
Just give us the money, throw it out of the door, okay?
Don't forget to check out the other one.
What's the father of?
What's blood casting?
What's blood casting?
Throw it when it's hard to make.
You better fish or bake.
Cut bait or how that goes.
Or you get off the pot.
Yeah.
Pull me once.
You can pull me again.
I guess you figured that out.
He fooled us once.
He's got a fool us again.
It's fooling someone.
Anyways, what can you do?
Nothing you can do.
Just have a smile on your face, do the best you can,
and stay out of this place as much as possible.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil.
Happy birthday.
Thank you, sir.
I'm a cun and I went out and got my vote done,
so I feel good about that.
Oh, right.
Don't like to hear this news, though, about all the people voting for me,
brides, and showing up on Bush.
Yeah, there's something really strange about that.
Yeah.
Interesting thing happened to me yesterday.
It kind of made me get the day through, you know,
I'm driving down US one in between coregables and a cookin' a grove.
Mm-hmm.
Of course, you show the people out there with their, you know,
little stickers and holding up a little postures and all that,
Jeff and all that.
I drive by and who do I see?
But Ramon, Saul, Sanchez, and up a book.
Ah.
You talking about uptucking the lunch real quick.
Oh, my God.
So I go by and I figure it's a light,
so I'm going to go ahead and mess with them a little bit.
He had a probably conglogyment of about, you know,
eight or nine of the blue, green tooth people and all that stuff.
I'm not the pull off and I start honking and they think that I'm like, you know,
giving support.
And part of something I look at them and I wait for him to look at me and I stick my middle finger up at him.
I ride.
I ride.
Excellent.
That's what Black and traffic two years, three years ago.
You made me so glad to have you in frustrated.
Also one last thing, Neil.
I wouldn't be doing it in that hood again next time.
Though we'll probably find you hanging from a tree down there.
Yeah, probably from my uncle up there, too.
Right.
Hey, Neil, does the same sort of remind you of Clementa a little bit?
A little bit.
And also, hey, could you put it in a Jewish Clemenza?
You throw it a couple of sausage and peppers.
Hey, also, hey, could you play the rosy bed with the match potato use?
You got it.
I like dealing with it.
See ya.
That's one of my favorites.
I'm sure Gladi, we requested that.
That's one of my all-time favorites.
Not as much as written on a subway wall.
It's by deal.
I do like that a lot.
I can listen to that.
And I don't want to listen to that.
I want to listen to the mad dog.
Go on and talk about how great, great Lucas play last night.
Oh, he ain't going to say that, is he?
No.
No.
If that's playing great, I'd hate to see what we already saw what playing bad was the last game,
Buffalo game.
But I mean, that was not what I considered great.
Nevertheless, time will tell.
We'll see.
There are a lot of games.
And then people say, oh, we hated them all along anyway.
What am I doing?
Why do I want to play that now?
I thought that I'm going to hurt you to get out of here.
You understand, but on your birthday, aren't you supposed to leave a couple hours early?
It would seem the same.
A big party to go to.
Very least.
And how come those damn batteries take so long to charge up for a great digital camera that George bought me from my birthday?
Which are real anxious to be taking pictures of most peace with that?
I'm going to stand right in there tomorrow morning and start saffons and shots.
And we can put them right on our website too.
Right.
Every day we can have a different one.
The Puse one and the Brindle Brown one and the other one.
Oh, I forgot that's on the Berkow's veins.
W-Q-I-M.
Leo, father.
Yes, sir.
What's up, bro?
How you doing?
All right.
Let me just relay my election story to you.
Okay.
Back in the front of the entry election.
Now, I know you totally disagree with my political views, but it was very important for me to get clicked in out of office.
And I voted for Bush.
And I made very sure that my statins didn't hang in, that nothing was dangling.
I literally took it out of the machine and checked it on the back before I would put it back.
Did you have a dangling participle on there?
Not a participle.
Okay.
A testicle.
Anyway, nothing of it is the problems that are built into the system.
They go both ways.
If there was mistakes cast for Bush, then how's that been mistakes cast for Bush?
Say that again.
If there was mistakes in both cast for Bush, then there had to have been mistakes in both cast for Bush too.
I mean, probably a bunch of old gay guys like you voted for Bush.
Okay. There you go.
Yeah.
Here's the fact that did you buy any chance, catch Donahue last night?
What a show.
He had Chris Matthews on.
It was quite apparent that Chris doesn't like Phil.
I thought they were actually going to come to blows.
I was proud to see Chris speak so harshly about going into Iraq and how he's going to be a black mark on the Western history.
Another Vietnam.
One called into the show and mentioned anti-war rally in DC last weekend.
She claimed there were over 200,000 people there, but the press was too afraid to cover it.
One thing Chris Matthews said haunted me, he said talk about GW avenging his father, just wait to see what all the fathers of the dead civilians in Iraq will do.
When Donahue came back from his last break, Chris was gone and Phil said some stupid excuse like he had to get ready for a special to our election special.
It was amusing.
Today don't like each other.
How do you like that?
He's probably still pissed off at Phil for that rough native crap and you know what's all the rest of us too.
That was from Michael Moore too.
We like most of your crap Michael, but the the native thing this we cannot forgive.
That's what put GW in there right now and that's why he's sitting in there right now.
Dricken is eating his chat to Brian and drinking his expensive wine because some assholes voted for Ralph later.
Another guy on an ego trip.
He's like the Bob Kunst of something.
You know the Bob Kunst of the once real world.
I'm going to sneeze real bad.
I don't know whether like wait till I do it or just do it in the middle of the spot.
No.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Oh good one.
Twenty till one.
Oh, and I feel so much better now.
Thanks again Dr. Hanf.
Well, she cleaned out.
Seriously.
Do you have any idea your laughing, but this is serious business.
How many years have I must have had that sinus infection?
100.
I would say at least two 300 at least.
Constantly getting these damn colds and scratchy throats and f***ing all that stuff speaking of Rosie.
But she didn't mirror because she stuck that thing way up in there and looked around looked at this looked at that.
Give me those antibiotics and when a doctor knocked her right out.
Thanks a lot Doc.
Even thanks to remember for getting me that good doctor.
Too good doctors he's got me this year and then of course there was always Mitch Hirsch.
19 to one at five sixty WQM.
Hey, if your ball spot is getting bigger and bigger if you try to cover it up with some silly your alchemy with a propeller on top of it.
The answer is chuck alphiri for over 25 years.
Tell you it's been helping guys get their hair back.
I see more and more.
The Sam Donaldson was on with the King Meister a few nights ago and you look at him and you want to cry.
You don't want to laugh anymore.
You just want to cry.
How can a grown man walk around looking like that?
And the same with some people around here.
We don't want to mention no names, but you can use your own imagination.
If you want to look like a silly goose, be what my guess.
But if you want to look better and younger than you ever thought you might again.
Chuck's alphiri natural hairline system looks better than anything yet because it looks like the hair is grown around on your scalp.
It's 100% undetectable like the natural thing.
So pick up the phone and call him at 1-800-321-2413.
See there I go again with that pick up the phone crap.
And if you mention the orange as you get you a special 200 dollar WQM discount off the regular price.
You got nothing loose but that ugly glaring shiny ball spot because if you don't love you.
It's a word for 30 days. That's how it works.
If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells.
If you're not getting ahead at least 14 times a day.
Just say hey Charlie, here's your hair back.
You're going to be my money back. No problems.
1-800-321-2413.
Call him today.
There's no obligation.
Or check out their website if you prefer at CharlesAlphieri.com.
My name is Michael.
This is 4256-1-2-A-M.
The honey, Julia.
Oh, that has roly-pleas go away.
Find a new way to attack up a fake go-hole.
Eat your whole holes.
Till you explode.
Just like your fat fat churly ladies.
Have to bite your seats on a plane.
He's failing your fingers that have yellow stain from sea to
Can't see your toes.
After picky puno.
Have to be fat disgusting and tasty.
Oh, he's crazy.
You make the show a different smile.
They like a cow who's fat and sad thing.
Think smelly, bad soul, or you pulse a bit mild.
Your body cheese smells like a crap butt.
After it was occupied by head, pass nerdy.
Push you more to get into your car.
Cus you've got M.Y.
Onkin' squeal, onkin' squeal, onkin' squeal fat ladies.
Live in with your loverless means.
A sliver in its door to the tree between her knees.
That's my tail of yeast.
It smells fishy to me.
Happen up until that moist and tasty fae.
It's 1247. That is one of my old time favorites.
All of them, one of my new favorites, is coming up again in a moment.
I'm a terrible smite, in fact.
We really do need to play that again, don't we?
598 votes.
How did I back myself up into this like that now?
How did I do that?
I don't know what.
Because it's almost time for the next break again.
Oh, well, we've got to take a color to make it look good.
598 votes on Moe.
Who's Moe Howard, David, 206?
Fire is old, as 152.
Steel is to Pays 98.
He gets raked in it by the whole staff 52.
Banish him from Paradise 38.
No penalty gets a gold start of Purple Jelly Bean 30.
And he gets raked by Fricky Carlos 22.
Jeff, what's that guy's name?
The $6 million man.
There's A1 King size sandwiches.
Jeff, oh, it's on the tip of my tongue.
God dang.
WDQIM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, am I talking to Neil?
Yes, ma'am.
Neil, just hi.
I want to wish you a happy birthday and many blessings for the year.
Thanks.
Stay well.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Well, she was very nice.
She just, she realized that we had to do the next break and we're up against the clocks.
She did a short call, right?
Right.
Right.
WDQIM.
Neil, how you doing?
Great.
Happy birthday.
Thanks.
You had the last call from Shadon Nuga of that.
I have a lot of fun with this.
That wasn't Bill Cosby who had anything to do with it.
Was it Michael Jackson?
No, it wasn't.
No, that's Jackson.
print in all formats everywhere.
I'll be damned.
But there was a great movie.
That was a great movie that all children should be seeing.
Definitely.
And there are elisted copies out there, of course.
Not that I would know anybody that has one.
But they're out there.
And if they can be had.
OK.
All right.
I'm going to call a moosey man.
I bet he's got one.
No people closer to you than that.
OK.
Thanks.
All right.
See.
It's 10 to 1 at 5.60.
In fact, we might have to double play.
Because they got to play Mickey calls Eisner.
And of course, that too.
So better get with it.
10 to 1.
We got the mad dog about a clock.
And you hear all these people calling it.
Like that because they're all whipped up into a frenzy.
And also they're pissed off and fired up.
We used to be blessed.
And now we're cursed, man.
We are cursed.
Because the Lord looked down and he said, well,
these people are OK.
And I realized it's election day.
And they're going to screw that up big time.
So screw them.
Screw them.
They're crappy goddamn football teams.
How do you like that?
That's what he said.
I think he was really pissed because the Hercune didn't cover the spread Saturday.
That's what the Lord was really bent out of shape about.
A little big bet on that thing.
Let me tell you about our frenzy drive concepts.
You know, the holidays are coming pretty soon.
It'll be Thanksgiving.
And it'll be Christmas and Chanooka and New Year's all of these things.
And most folks out there are going to have a lot of guests coming in through that house.
Now who in the right mind want the carpets looking and smelling really funky at a time
like that?
Holidays are an important time, at least to put on a good show for everybody.
Also make them think you're not to slide that you really are.
So call our frenzy drive concepts.
They will do a spectacular job for you.
I've been talking about them and using them for over 20 years in my home.
There's nobody in the world that's a job for you like them.
You can check them out on the web if you like it at brand new website, www.dryconcepts.com.
And not only do they do a stupidest job of driving your carpeting and making them look
and smell and feel just like brand new, but they also do a spectacular job of cleaning
your furniture and drapery.
Spot dyeing, fiber protection, carpet repairs, and planar rental rug service.
The authorization and if you have a flood, complete water damage restoration too.
Seriously, everybody I know who's got any brains at all uses drapery concepts and rave
about the super job they do and they'll do the same for you.
And don't forget, no ripoffs, no scams, no bad surprises when they finish.
They give you a written guaranteed price before they start to enter a great job.
Call them from anywhere until free now, 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071, clean today, entertain tonight with drapery concept.
My life and love.
This is 440560.
You win, you win.
You never know who will call Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio.
How are you, David?
Voice of the Miami Dog.
I'm going to tell you what, and you don't need to shame this plug.
But I listen to you guys every day.
You guys are doing a hell of a job.
It's fun to listen to and O'Brien.
I mean, the whole thing you guys are doing there is great.
What?
Did I hear that right?
Back up the page.
If I listen to you guys every day, you guys are doing a hell of a job.
It's fun to listen to and O'Brien.
I mean, the whole thing you guys are doing there is great.
Wow, even Mohawar David listens to Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio.
Exactly.
Eisner?
Mr. Mouse?
What the hell are you doing to me?
What do you mean, sir?
Why am I reading in the paper?
You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn?
Well, sir, we're just scouting locations.
Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs.
You are killing me.
But Silicon has done what New York City Times Square pays second street.
Hey, no, I'm...
Remus!
Remus!
Turn off the vacuum, Quentin Remus.
Get that blue bird out of here.
Okay, boss.
Eisner, look, sir.
Look what we do with Midtown Manhattan.
42nd Street is incredible.
I don't want...
Publicly, I supported that.
But you took all the porn away.
You're killing me.
I'm going through a gabboscom like kids.
We're just scouting areas calm, dad.
Listen to me, Buck Munch.
Don't tell me to calm down.
We got lucky with Lee Lowell and Stitch.
$128 million.
Now, you're trying to ruin the whole network.
What kind of programming are you running?
I'm in my way.
Hang on a minute.
The big, huge...
Remus!
Yes, boss.
Get that blue bird crap all over your shoulder.
It...
It...
When you're self-opera, heaven's sake.
And turn off the vacuum cleaner.
Okay, boss.
Good God.
Sir, the network is fine.
Why couldn't you come up with American Idol?
Good God. You're still running James Bobmovie.
They're 60 years old.
Why don't you just put Steamboat really on and be done with it?
Please finally make a couple of damn dollars.
Well, the movie division's fine.
You mentioned we were in Stitch and now we have the new M Night Shumel on movie coming out later this summer.
Oh, I know. Signs.
What the hell does that mean? Stop sign, yield sign.
You're going to start swinging some of these titles past me.
Please.
Oh, what's going on?
Remus!
Remus!
Here you go!
I know you can't hear me, Remus.
You're still running on the market planet!
You're the last one, the run of the engine!
Get on here, Remus!
And take that blue bird, please!
All right.
Picer!
Yes, sir.
I'd be very careful the next time I started my car.
Why were you?
What do you mean, sir?
I'm not done with you.
What?
Bad done.
What, sir?
I'll put Hannah Storm in your job.
What, sir?
You're terrible!
I'm sorry.
Maybe I'll put Remus in there.
I do like to be president of Disney Remus.
Oh, man.
What a wonderful day!
Get on here, you nothing.
Box News Heather.
We really like your f**k, you.
Oh, yeah.
Box News Heather.
Oh, yeah.
We really like your f**k, you.
We really like your f**k, you're a man.
Oh, man.
Looking fascist and a perfect little Nazi.
I want to build their coffee through your soil panties.
The starting news, looking swung and sweet.
Laughing your lips like ancultures rose big.
Box News Heather.
Oh, yeah.
We really like your f**k, you.
Oh, yeah.
Box News Heather.
We really like your f**k, you.
We really like your f**k, you.
You ever think about doing cuttles?
Do you bet you're a cunt?
You want to touch it?
Three ways.
Sir?
You're being like a man.
Don't you think I'm mad at you?
Don't you think you're a thief, but between your punks?
I'll set it taste like bubble gum.
See you next time you need a story done.
Since it takes a dimmero to make you come.
Box News Heather.
Oh, we really like your f**k, you.
Oh, yeah.
Box News Heather.
Oh, we really like your f**k, you.
All right, you get really, uh, oh my god,
too much helium from these balloons,
and all of a sudden your voice just goes fly.
That's all we have.
It sounds like Geldy.
I don't forget Mullen Geldy tomorrow.
I'm going to pass out from all this helium here.
Thanks to whoever this was.
How about?
Well, I'm Sherry.
Thanks in sunrise.
They said I'm much of birthday balloons and a nice car.
And I loved the hospital of George E. Scott by Pat and Chaffsky.
I also love Boworth and Warren, baby, so I'm both.
Was that talking about Boworth and Amsterdam?
I've seen that over there, I think.
Hello, I'm Las Gelpa.
I'm Las Dildgulp.
Speaking of a big gulp, I mentioned a man dog took a couple of big gulp
after that game last night, a couple of big pops.
It was disgusting.
It was disgraceful.
I loved it.
A lot of people are going to be pissed off and fired up about it.
Bye, bye, bye.
Can you watch us show on Clive's YouTube and QA ad?
My name is for learning.
You never know who will call Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio.
