This is South Florida's only real source of information.
WPWM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
A peace and quiet house, yo, yo.
www.cuyam.com
Yo, yo, yo.
I was attacked by the Mojitman.
He wasn't named my friend Boonjab.
Oh no, I don't feel safe in India.
Oh, I'd rather be in New York than drive a cab.
Thank you, my friend.
Oh, thank you, my friend.
Oh, I'm a monkey, I'm a monkey, I'm a monkey, I'm a monkey, where are my kids now?
I'm a monkey, I'm a monkey, I'm a monkey, I'm a monkey, where are my kids now?
Swinging, free, go, free.
We scream, that's what can shout.
No response, that's a bad idea.
That's why we're all on power.
Oh, I'm a monkey, I'm a monkey, I'm a monkey, I'm a monkey, where are my kids now?
We don't know anything, we're told because we don't know how.
Don't brush, I see no comb, our hair, we don't even wear clothes.
We're lost on make you crazy when our brim and butt sex tall.
I'm a monkey, I'm a monkey, she's a monkey, she's a monkey, where are all monkeys now?
We're done well, man, her world will be hate, we just look to drop straw.
Well, don't you understand, we're not meant to be.
You're a monkey, we're all monkey, we're all monkey, we're all monkey, so.
We wouldn't want to be a dog that can't afford our cow, we're smelly and we like it,
and we've heard the things you said.
Don't come with ten feet of us, or we'll listen to your head.
Oh, I'm a monkey, I'm a monkey, I'm a monkey, I'm a monkey, I'm a monkey, I'm a monkey, I'm a monkey, where are all monkeys now?
Played in 32 trees, please, please, let's walk that child, now it's my son, now he's a teacher, where are all cows?
And that's what we're here for, this monkey last for four hours of the day.
Oh, why the hell not, right?
903 at 560 WQ, I'm happy Monday to it.
I'll tend to these weekends just go zipping by, like there's no tomorrow, the only problem is there is a tomorrow, and it keeps coming.
Why do I got the marine doubt article, thank you, thanks anyway, for wasting my three pages of facts paper, thanks very much.
What are you faxing over here, man, what is this now, is there something I already got in the morning?
Oh, I didn't have this one, the Jack Welch warpland didn't have that, excellent.
Anyway, we had a lot of votes on our pull over the weekend, and by the way, how about the dolphin?
Oh, I know the papers lost to, which you know, Miss Reloves company, but nevertheless they played an undefeated team.
Didn't I tell you last week that Kansas City was going to kick Miami's ass, didn't I tell you that?
Yes, I did, I absolutely did.
Yes.
Team that just piles up points like they're coming out of their fingers.
48 big ones, baby.
48 points.
Well, I'm a baby, baby.
Yeah, every year it's the same old story.
Fort Toccan Super Bowl, because the people there know nothing about sports, and did not tell you that the jets are a little girls team, did not tell you that?
I told you that.
Losing to like a marginal barely existing team anymore, although isn't that the same Jack Welch, not the same team, but the same franchise that beat the dolphins boy, 67 or three or something like that?
In the playoffs?
Yeah.
Yeah, something like that, 62 to three out of one and when Dulles should.
Anyway, I don't want to rub it in.
A lot of nasty attitudes down there, I'm sure, because the dolphins lost a football game.
You know, the Patriots lost yesterday. My life goes on.
I mean, you know, I like the team and hold it up.
That stuff, but it's a football game.
It's a ball game for Christ's sake, okay?
Don't get all carried away.
A big day today.
The pizza loft opens today in plantation right there behind Walgreens, a knob hill in the sunrise, right behind Marcy's Walgreens.
Do you know Marcy took the place over?
No, I did not.
She owns that place now.
All right.
See if I keep saying it, maybe it'll come true, because I love Marcy and she loves me.
Well, there's that obnoxious Christian, I'm on poor.
We're told.
Wonder if she's hanging out with the Pope again these days.
Bitch, idiotic bitch, silly person.
Let's see it in for you, baby.
At least one thing about them, we all know don't take them seriously ever.
Always I just saying about the pole.
If you could program your, and how come we didn't put that bitch on there?
That would have been a good choice and George Will should have been on the pole.
Oh, yeah.
Ed Bob, no vac and many other people, but you know, you make the list too long and people just can't handle it.
If you could program your TV set to block out one person, who would that be?
We had 1357 votes, holy crap.
George W wins pretty easily.
Sure.
In fact, I think he won this by more votes than he really won the election by.
And they stole the election by W had 303.
Threaded in three votes.
Jesse Jackson did a very respectable second.
219.
Carrot Top 139.
Al Sharpton 107.
So it was a big schwarz fest there.
Between Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton, they had well over 300 votes.
And speaking of schwarz fest, it just continues.
Oprah Winfrey 89.
Maybe we could just like just block most dark folks off the TV until they start putting some nice ones on there.
People we like like Malcolm.
Seriously, think of all the objectionable dark people.
Look, turn up on the TV set.
Except for George Jefferson.
I don't ever see that anymore.
Do you?
No.
Love the Jefferson's.
I don't want to get Tom Jacobs.
He thought it was a racist show.
Dr. Phil is right on Oprah's ass as a matter of fact.
He's about to eat 9.
He had 84, literally.
Al and colder 82.
Steve, the Dell computer dude, 71.
He did extremely well.
Martha Stewart, 53.
Andy Rune had a cute piece on her last night.
You see it?
No.
Since he's a liar.
Cheers.
Well, first he said she wasn't a liar, but then he proved that she was about making ice cream with eggs,
which he told her was custard and she promised she'd never do that again.
And then she went on the CBS Morning Show and made ice cream with eggs.
Martha Stewart, 53.
Brian Norcross, who was off to a slow start, had 48.
And by Brian, you can do it, baby.
You can change the channel faster than anybody's remote.
Bill O'Reilly, 45.
Which I actually got a thing by Bill O'Reilly today from the globe.
Can you believe that?
About O.J.
Weely done it.
He done it.
He done it.
Larry King, 25.
Way on, down the list.
Billy Mays, the orange glow in commercial guy almost beat out Larry.
24.
You know why the Larry didn't do so well?
Was that?
Because they never see him on her, because nobody watches that.
Under the age of 100.
Jim Rome, 17th, rolled Rome.
Emerald Legassi, 16.
Condoleezza, ricehead, 15.
Pleezza, Condoleezza, just go away.
Don't go away, man.
Just go away, Condoleezza.
I mean, seriously, what are complex folks that we like to see on TV?
Can you name me one?
Certainly not Bill Cosby, Vanessa L. Williams.
Oh.
Barbara Walters, 14.
Sheppard Smith, 6.
And I guess a sympathy vote for Richard Quest at the end, Mr. Bucktooth, because nobody knows who that is.
Richard Quest had Brit, that silly-ass Brit on CNN.
They used to be somewhere else.
He got one vote out of 13.
Ever in the 60.
Nice going.
Here's a great poll again today, because Neil knows his poll, baby.
Before we get to the poll, I mean, remind you come by Castaway Seafood Company and the corner of University in Griffin Road tonight, 6 to 8 p.m.
How did the thing go at Bill Sitals?
There were lots of people there, none of them were there to see us.
Huh?
There were a lot of people there, but none of them were there to see us.
Nobody showed up.
The sandwiches had a great turnout.
Nobody showed up?
No, there were people there for the sandwiches.
No, I'm no, nobody showed up to see you.
Well, what was it that any of our list...
Did any of our list there show up?
No.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Alright, a clean sweep, I like hearing that.
But that's always the...
When you go down to the Boulevard of Savings, that's what you get.
I don't understand.
Why do they keep having you back?
What is that all about?
To keep their name mentioned on the airline.
Oh, because they get a lot of free mentions, because that's part of...
And how about that Red Ruffinsor spot?
Could that be the worst one of all time that we just had there at the end of Mojjo?
That was the scandalousies that... how bad that was.
And speaking of... let's see, George will be there in Miguel and Carlos and Chuck and the Eddie and...
With a QM prize van, Grade Food and Drink Special 6-8 tonight, which I think is scandalous considering the fact that it's opening that for Pizza Loft.
That's okay.
I'm sure Adam did that on purpose.
Yeah, probably.
Nice going Adam, you idiot.
Probably there'll be some cult members there too tonight, if you want to get like, you know, indoctrinated.
Here's today's poll.
Which of these do you think now are two, four, six, seven choices?
Which of these do you think best defines who you are?
You think that is pretty self-explanatory?
Okay.
And while you sound kind of like quizzical air.
One, no I'm real curious.
Which of these do you think best defines who you are?
Your race, your gender, your religion, your nationality, your political beliefs,
your sexual orientation, or your physical appearance.
I think I got a cover, man.
Wow.
I think that's one heavy-duty pool.
I think that's just...
I mean, you know, in the last one, physical appearance, I mean some people say, hey, how's Fat Boy?
You think, oh, that fat slime?
Oh, that fat slime?
Really short.
That fat slime?
Or yeah, with that little shrimp like Todd, direct, I like that.
Oh, by the way, how come we had no visit this morning for me?
There were a muff or a clearance?
Duff came in like right at 9 o'clock.
Yeah.
Too late to have like any comment.
Any verbal intercourse about the problems that continue to linger?
First I smell my finger and then I realize it did linger.
You know what I'm saying?
It's not my finger.
It lingers.
That's that odor, that aroma, that stench.
It's Q-A-M.
And continues to linger.
Is Todd direct continued?
I don't know.
I think maybe today is the day we start crossing off his spots, you know,
because there doesn't seem to be any other way to get through to that child.
And screw away.
And she's sitting back there with her gigantic foreheaded dildo.
Roy!
And whatever else she's doing back there and she or she can't be bothered.
I mean, this is seriously, stop and think about it.
We got a general program director and an operations manager now and they still can't get anything done.
We come in this morning?
Was the audio on this morning?
No.
Same old stuff.
Monday morning, we post off and blues.
And of course, after they lose that game, after they get their asses while if yesterday,
you just know that there wasn't going to be no audio feed up here.
Which is kind of strange because the Marlon game, what time did the Marlon game start yesterday?
Was it like four?
They...
No, I think.
Because they sure as hell wouldn't be playing at the same time at home as a dolphin game.
It was the last game of the season, by the way.
Oh, thank the Lord!
For the Marlins, anyway.
But, uh, and that was feeding up here.
I didn't check it later on, but that was feeding just fine.
I heard that Dave and Boring guy on there.
And then I come in this morning while Waltz in here, 615 kind of blu-ray-eyed.
And I look at that thing and there's nothing.
Nothing, no level bouncing on my telos.
According to the schedule, the Marlins was on that 790.
Oh, so in other words, they were feeding me the stuff that they were feeding to Waxi,
but I wasn't getting the QAM feed even last night.
So it was, it's a dolphin thing again.
It's the right goes.
And of course, can I hear the dolphin game here?
No!
Do I want to hear the dolphin game here?
No!
No, I got the NFL package in there.
Why don't I want to listen to Moana Radio?
Anyway, here's that pool again for today.
Let's not get sidetracked.
Okay, this is a very, very important pool, don't you think?
I don't know how I'm going to vote on it either.
Well, there you go.
That's a good sign.
Think about this, right?
I don't, I'm not thinking about it for more than a half a second.
I got my answer already, but I won't tell you till I have to be vote.
I know.
Which of these do you think best defines who you are?
Your race, your gender, your religion, your nationality, your political beliefs,
your sexual orientation, or your physical appearance?
That's today's pool on neo-rodges.com.
Heavy, heavy duty.
From minutes after 9 at 5.60 W.A.M., let me tell you one of the easiest things you'll ever do in your life,
and that is get you a great name, brand mattress.
If you're smart, if you're dumb, you'll do it with your old fashioned way and run around all over town, like an idiot.
But if you're smart, you'll do what I've been doing for the last several years.
You'll pick up your instrument and call our good buddies at Dilemma.
If you're sitting one, 800 mattress, you should know by now that they give you so much more than just great service.
They give you unbeatable selection, all the top names in the universe.
They got Ceeley and Certa Simmons, King Coral.
Nobody else in the world has got the selection they got because they have such a deep selection.
The exact mattress that you want to put your ass on is in stock ready for nearly immediate delivery.
Just at one easy call, you'll talk to people, or you'll know they're crap inside and out,
and they'll hook you up with exactly the mattress you'll be looking for.
1-800-MATR-T-R-E-S, and of course you pick the time for delivery.
Any day, seven days a week, any two hour window that's continued for you when you're going to be home, and...
and they give you prices that are unbeatable.
Everyday low prices we're talking about, not some phony baloney sale,
but they then stick you with a bait and swish.
And they also give you that 30 day in home comfort guarantee to let you try it.
You're great new mattress, the right way by sleeping on it,
and doing all sorts of obscene things on it that'll probably piss off Dr. Kennedy.
So pick up that phony column right now, you'll be sleeping like a little baby tonight.
Call 1-800-MATR-T-R-E-S, or check them out on that wicked worldwide web at mattress.com.
Find the local businesses five cities, the railways on your side.
Kill you and...
Kill Roger Scott.
Oh, that has really been going away.
Find a new way to attack up a big old home.
Meet your old homes.
Kill you, explode.
Just like your fat fat churned in ladies, after you bite your seats on a plane.
He's been in your fingers that of yellow sting from Chijoon in the Artoos.
After Piggy Puno, I'll be fat this disgusting and tasty boy.
You make the shredded women smile, they like the cows, bad and sassy.
Think smelly pants or repulsive and mild.
Your body cheese smells like a grapple.
After it was occupied by my head, ask their needers, you're more to get into your car.
Touch it you got M.Y.
I can squeal, I can squeal, I can squeal fat fat fat fat fat fat fat,
You're living with your loverless needs.
You're slavering and starting a tree between her knees, National Tate of East.
Most fishy to me, that's the two of that boys' dead tasty, hey.
That's a great full question for another day.
Which you think smells worse?
Scrooan or Rosie's crotch?
Wow.
Sorry to interrupt you with that this early on a Monday morning, but something's certainly to think about.
918-560 WQM.
I'm kind of giddy this morning, you know what?
I have no idea, really don't know, I'm just kind of giddy.
It's beautiful, it's sunny, it's going to be 80 degrees today here in T.O.
It's giddy, mertful, gay and gay.
So when's the air going to get with it already on that thing?
You know, he's a little bit slow, he's kind of a slow starter, always has been.
Go slow on Iraq, coincidentally.
The internet connection for him is down, he can't get any audio, we just fact in the poll.
He sure has problems up there, yeah?
No, he sure, no, I don't have the internet connection.
Since the day that I've been here, which was back on March 1, I've never had one second of downtime.
No, you're my air.
I'll dig a part.
Maybe it's a whole Florida thing.
It's it's Florida again, it's said Florida problem.
The house.
Heaven had one moment of downtime, having one second of busy time, you know, when the thing is like too busy because everybody else is on it.
Not one second.
But that's a way to go, his boys and girls.
Another good reason not to be in Florida, I guess.
Mark Dayton, who's a Minnesota senator, writes, and this was in Saturday's Washington Post, goes slow on Iraq.
And wait until the next one, I already told you, but don't, don't, don't spill the beans.
The next article I'm going to read is by, people would even believe it.
Anyway, this one first, he says what a difference him administration makes.
Congressional leaders who are hurrying votes on Iraq had very different views when a president was a Democrat named Bill Clinton.
They made more sense back then.
After Sodom, who's saying bounced you in inspectors in January of 1998, then set up majority leader Trent Lott said on February 12th.
I had hoped that we could get to the point where we could pass a resolution this week on Iraq, but we really developed some physical problems if nothing else.
So we've decided that the most important thing is not to move so quickly, but to make sure that we've had all the right questions asked and answered,
and that we have available to us the latest information about what is happening with our allies in the world.
The Senate is known for its deliberate actions, and the longer I stay in the Senate Lott said, the more I've learned to appreciate it, it does help us to give us time to think about the potential problems and the risk and the ramifications and two frankly press the administration.
This was said by Trent Lott on February 12th, 98.
The Republican control Senate took five more months to pass a resolution that year, and it did not authorize President Clinton to use military force.
After Sodom invaded to wait in 1990 to send an also deliberated five months before authorizing what became the Persian Gulf War.
Yet now Congress is being rushed to pre-approved whatever President Bush decides to do, which includes something no president has done before, start a war.
According to researchers at the Library of Congress, the United States has never and its 213-year history launched a preemptive attack against another country, never.
During the past 50 years, our leaders have confronted dangerous dictators who possessed weapons of mass destruction, yet they protected our country and planned it by preventing war, not by starting one.
Some members of Congress and the administration are now demanding that we rush to vote so that we can rush to war, such haste is unnecessary, reckless and foolish.
For some of my colleagues, it seems a quick and easy decision to wave the flag, denounce an evil dictator, and launch our military might, but war seldom is quick or easy.
We know that the U.S. would defeat a rack into post-Sodom who's saying, but we don't know the cost and bloodshed, destruction and subsequent occupation, and we don't know the consequences of violating our national principle of not starting wars.
That principle, which has earned us enormous respect throughout the world, is the cornerstone of international stability.
As the world's superpower, we set the standards for international conduct, we lead by our deeds when we lead the world by our diplomacy and peaceful resolution of conflicts, we make it more secure.
But what if we attacked another country because it might threaten our national security, how could we dissuade others from doing the same?
If nations that have nuclear weapons are that are developing them for a preemptive strike, what might their responses be, would the world be more or less secure?
The profound consequences of these decisions are compelling reasons to make them as carefully as possible.
I believe that the President is right about the need to disarm Sodom who's saying before he obtains nuclear weapons and the ability to use them against us, but that threat does not appear to exist today or the next few months.
For now the President is withholding his decision about U.S. military action, Congress should do the same, but instead it's vote quick, pass the buck, head for home and wish him luck.
Or I like that, vote quick, pass the buck, head for home and wish him luck.
Good luck.
This rush to vote is being driven more by political expediency by the then by military necessity, gaining political advantage in a midterm election is a shameful reason to hurry decision to this magnitude.
If the President needs Congress to support his resolve, never let Sodom who's saying threat in our nation, weapons and weapons of mass destruction, we can pass it to resolution tomorrow.
If the UN fails to exact their acts compliance with its previous restrictions, this Congress or its successor can convene at any time to authorize the appropriate U.S. military response.
This is what the Constitution intends but it authorizes Congress and only Congress to declare war. This would be an especially good time for Congress to do it right.
So is Democratic Senator Mark Dayton of Minnesota?
Yeah.
Pretty well said, Mark.
I see our new poll is not there yet. That's because Mark, what's the name?
Mark Eric. Eric Mark?
Hasn't got his thing together yet.
So he's got problems with this thing, huh?
Yes.
Well, sometimes when he was 600 pounds, he had problems with your thing because all that fat, you know, squeezes down area, you're like abdomen.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, I know we had a kid in high school.
It puts tremendous pressure on your private man and they shrivel up to like the size of like a mong bean.
Ever see a mong bean?
No.
Well, that's what they look like when you're that fat. Believe me.
I've been that fat. I've been humongous.
The kid in high school had nothing.
Yeah.
Oh, look at that. The thing is changing on there, which means we're going to start getting that pull on there any minute now.
Oh, I think it's one of our most shocking.
Okay, here I have time for this.
People are going to say he's reading columns by Pat Buchanan.
That is correct.
That is absolutely correct.
And it's a damn good one.
See, this isn't written by some yellow belly liberal bleeding.
Some commie pinko bleeding heart scumbag.
This is written by Pat Buchanan, no less America's new sucker punch strategy.
And he says inherent in the natural law in the natural law right of self-defense is the right to strike first if one's life and is in peril.
If a criminal demands your money at gunpoint, you have no more obligation to inquire if he also intends to kill you before shooting him.
People have an innate sense of this right.
Americans thus rally to the size that side of Bernie gets the subway vigilante who threatened by thugs with screwdrivers demanding five dollars.
Dropped all four in that subway car in the style of white herb.
The origination obliged to wait and write out a first strike by a hostile regime which could bring death to thousands of citizens.
The protection of whose lives is the first business of government.
When Kruschev slipped nuclear missiles into Cuba, JFK was prepared to destroy them killing Russians and Cubans rather than let them become operational and rightly so.
What then is wrong with the White House strategy paper that asserts a right to launch primitive wars against rogue regimes to keep them from acquiring weapons of mass destruction?
First, this new strategy relegates to the ash heap of history a policy of deterrence that kept us secure for fifty years of Cold War.
Regimes as evil as Stalin's and Mao's knew we could not attack them if they did not attack us.
While this did not save the Soviet or Chinese peoples from their persecutors that kept America secure was that not the first business of a conservative government?
America has never been a sucker punch nation.
Even when presidents believed war was inevitable, they ensured that the enemy struck the first blow.
Polk waited until the Mexican army had shed American blood on American soil before asking for a declaration of war.
Before calling up volunteers to invade the South, Lincoln provoked a Confederacy in the firing on Fort Sumter by sending the Star of the West into Charleston Harbor to provision the fort.
FDR provoked Tokyo by imposing an oil embargo and sending the flying tigers to China to maneuver the Japanese into firing the first shot in the words of Secretary of War Stinson.
Phrampton strikes have been the way of war for nations like Japan, which launched a surprise attack on the Russian squadron in Port Arthur in 1904 that anticipated Pearl Harbor thirty-seven years later.
Or the Kaiser whose field marshals believed that if war impended they must strike first through neutral Belgium to flank and crush France before the Russian steamor could mobilize and flatten these pressure.
Hitler preempted Churchill's plan striking a neutral Norway and invaded the Soviet Union to preempt an attack he knew must one day come.
As Stalin had himself attacked Finland with Wainia Latvia, Estonian Romania, he stabbed Poland in the back in 1939, few went for the Bolsheviks.
Preemptive wars ended in disaster for Hitler and Tojo, but one nation-framed did work well with Israel.
Paced with nationalist threat to block well from passing through the Gulf of Akhaba, Israel struck down June 5, 1967, destroying the Egyptian Jordanian Syrian air forces and occupying Gaza Sinai, the West Bank and Golan in six days.
But in 1973, Sadats Army retaliated with a Jungkipper surprise attack that recaptured Western Sinai and afflicted thousands of casualties on Israel, only Nixen's airlift and General Sherones' intrepidies saved Israel.
But why would a near-invincible nation like ours embrace a sucker-punch strategy? Through history, few nations perhaps Mexico in 1846 wanted war with America.
In 1812, the Brits had their hands full with Napoleon, the South didn't want to fight Lincoln's Union only to leave it, Spain was desperate to avoid war with America in 1898.
Neither the Krasnoy Hitler wished to fight the US, both sought to avoid any clashes at sea, Japan only lashed out in desperation, sought him thought he had a green light to invade Kuwait.
While al-Qaeda terrorists who have nothing to lose will attack in kilomericans at will and must be run down and eradicated, a nation that attacks America courts its own annihilation, why would any nation do it?
To justify a preemptive war, two conditions should be first met.
The threat should be imminent and grave and other avenues should have been exhausted, having these conditions, or rather have these conditions been met with Iraq, to be honest, no.
Not only is Saddam neither threatened us or attacked us, though we smashed his country, decimated his army and tried to kill him, there's no evidence even plans an attack.
By broadcasting to the world's new imperial doctrine, I.E. we will allow no nation to require the power we possess, and we reserve the right to strike hostile nations that build the kind of weapons we possess, President Bush has drawn a line in the sand for every anti-American regime on earth and dared them to cross it.
Either he is bluffing or reheaded for endless confrontations and constant wars. Right's pap you can't.
Wow. How do you like that? Would even a right wing not case like him starts making a lot of sense.
927 at 560 W.A.M. with your busy lifestyle you eat all the energy canned, if you're healthy and olio-med can help you do that.
It's an exciting new product that contains pharmaceutical-grade olive oil combined with other good stuff, along with vitamins, runoff minerals and herbals and little easy to take, soft-ylecapsalitis pop in your pores.
There's a separate olio-med product for each different part of your aspect of your thing and your health. There's one for your heart, one for your blood pressure, one for your cholesterol, your prostate, your skin, your bones, your circulatory, your digestive, your endocrine system, even your mind, all using the benefits of the finest of the purist, the bestest of olive oil on the face of the globe, and olio-med makes products for men and leanies as well.
You can pick it up today all over town at Whole Food Markets, Walgreens, Sedanos and Avarro Pharmacy, you can call them toll free to get more information as well at 1-866-Oliomet.
That's 1-866-Oliomet, and don't forget you can order Olio-med online if you'd like to at olio-medamerica.com.
We're Sports Radio 560, UAM.
And I'll tell somewhere in Hell in the Dail, it's El Michael.
You shut up stupidity.
I remember you with those Nylons on Joe's name?
Oh yeah sure, it was at the Park, Sheridan.
You're what about it?
That was quite a twist we had that night.
Yeah, so I was paradise.
But while we're dating, still on 560-WQAM.
It is amazing, in a 932-560-WQAM happy Monday to you.
30-What is it 27 votes on a poll? It's up there, it's up.
Which of these do you think best defines who you are?
Your political beliefs, 9, your gender, 6, your physical appearance, 5, your nationality, 4, your religion, 1, your race, 1, and your sexual orientation.
Pretty interesting huh?
Very interesting.
Of course wrong is usual, but you know, this crowd.
While we get into a little bit later, you're going to get more votes on it.
I will momentarily, when we get some more votes on there, I'll tell you what did you vote for.
You'll wait, right?
You're holding back.
And so will I? Until we get like about 50 votes on there, then I'll tell you.
I'll tell you the correct answer.
All right.
Oh, it's speaking of interesting things American, this is from the New York Post, so it might be true even though it's the right wing reg.
American Taliban, Lyndon, gay pleasure triangle.
American Taliban, Taliban, John Walker, Lyndon, Joy, I thought that was Paul Lyndon.
That was my theory all along by the way.
About him.
About him.
What does that mean?
Your theory was what?
I haven't even read the first sentence yet.
Okay, go ahead and then I'll tell you.
Your theory was what?
He's a bag.
He's a bag and denial, and that's why he embraced Islam and went away to live in the desert with a whole bunch of men.
Well, generally, fags in the valley embrace something, but it's not Islam.
I mean, why would you embrace something though they usually embrace Catholicism?
I see. Well, at least there's more opportunities there, I think.
Anyway, American Taliban, John Walker, Lyndon, Joy, Secret, Gay, Sex, Rumps,
All right.
With his Muslim mentors in a report claim.
Told you.
Married Pakistan, married Pakistani businessman, Kaiser Hayet.
I like his hotels.
Told Time Magazine.
He was 20-bron-year-old Lins lover.
And Imam from the Lins' Madras.
Oh, I see.
That's like Madrasa.
I see.
Oh, it is Madrasa, just spelled differently.
An Islamic religious school also hinted that he enjoyed carnal capers with a young cell.
Carnal capers are...
Don't they put those on your stake?
Huh?
There was that pepper corn.
Oh, pepper corn.
He was liking me very much all the time.
He wants to be moved with me.
Hey, I told the time.
Time Magazine.
I was loving him because love begets love.
You know, he said.
That's what he said.
That's what he said.
Because love begets love.
You know?
Lins whose father came out of the closet in 1998.
Now, don't you remember that part of the story?
We already knew that.
How did I miss that?
Lins whose father came out of the closet in 1998,
mid-high in the 1990s, and that is San Francisco mosque.
Lins' spiritual advisor in Pakistan, Muthi Muhammad, itteemokhan,
said the young convert spoke wistfully of his first meeting with Hayat.
It was the beginning of the dangerous journey.
The first John, the first pleasure journey, the holy man said.
In October 2000, Lins wrote to Hayat,
inquiring about Madrasas in Pakistan.
A week later, he phoned and announced he was arriving in Islamabad.
He was ready to stay with me by it eventually,
pushed him back out of the Madrasa Hayat, said.
Now the businessman appears to be jealous of the teacher he recommended, Muthi itteemokhan.
He lind loved me more, Hayat sniffed.
He said, he sniffed, he sniffled.
How do you like that?
Gay.
So there you go, John, Apokir, Apal, whatever the hell your name is.
You're out of the closet, baby.
You're gay.
Yeah.
And as far as daddy's concerned?
You're gay.
Two.
So there you go, a little interesting twist.
And of course, when you're wearing those scantily,
you know, those little robes, it's easy, quick access.
Always work for the monks.
Just lift up your dress.
Right. Just hike it.
Oh, and speaking of that, speaking of Shmata heads,
this isn't the inquirer.
And of course, on this show, regardless of one of you,
might think this show will give the inquirer the highest credibility,
more than the New York Times, more than anybody,
more than the weekly reader, because if it's in the inquirer,
the chances are 99 and 9 tens percent that it's true.
Lied detection expert, terrorist tips, they're told the truth.
In other words, that brought in Georgia.
Med student lied.
Med students lied.
You know, those three students that caught the big cemest,
not too many Fridays ago.
Exactly.
Couldn't say a better or a self than the castaways.
And then, if you're saying it's the castaways thing that's wrong,
and you're going to be the castaways tonight.
How about that?
It's having a totally other things put together.
That's what John Paul Walker-Lins, Paul Lins, said.
These things fit together.
My, and your Dingong.
Maybe he liked Dingong's.
Rosie likes, uh, who, uh, ho-ho's.
Who hoes?
Ho-ho.
In fact, I was thinking Rosie's more like Santa Claus and more than just way,
uh, way than one.
They're both big on ho-ho's.
Rosie and Santa.
Wouldn't you, I could just imagine her playing Santa.
Can't you look at the, um,
if the daydland, she'll have to bring her beard, though.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Terrorist tips, they're told the truth.
And med student lied.
Patriotic tips to a unistone is telling the truth.
And one of the three medical students she fingered is lying,
according to a top lie detector expert.
It all happened the way she said it happened.
When it's not a story, it's the truth said Alfred East stairwich,
who used cutting edge technology to assess unistak statements
after she said she overheard the students in Georgia shoneys plotting a terrorist attack.
But when he tested a statement by one of the students he said he found
abnormal stress patterns indicative of theception.
The inquiry employed stairwits to get to the bottom of the controversy that made national headlines,
and had law enforcement official scrambling to averted terrorist attack.
On September, and of course, so we were all worried about that
turkey point nuclear plant because Paul is on it, CNN is a crazy person.
She's a journalist like my god damn little dog is a broadcaster.
He is going to be doing Morning's theory next week.
Do you know that?
No, I didn't.
Tiny.
Was it producing?
Do we have anybody left?
Robert.
On September 12th, UNIS reported with authorities he'd overheard
the three men in a shoneys restaurant in Calhoun, Calhoun, Georgia,
where that strawberry pie sure is special.
Making comments about September 11th, the date of last year's terrorist attacks,
they were laughing about Americans morning 9.11.
She stated they said if they're morning about September 11th,
what do you think they'll think about the September 13th?
One guy said you think that'll bring it down and he said if that don't bring it down,
I have contacts, I'll get enough to bring it down.
To me, that meant they were planning to blow up something.
Later that day, the three medical students, Convis Butt,
Almer Shoudhari and Aiman Geeth, all of Arab descent, were pulled over on Florida's
alligator rally and held for about 18 hours while their car was examined by bomb squads
with bomb-stiffing dogs and don't forget that little robot.
A police dog trained to sniff out explosives, was alerted to a scent in the car authority,
but no explosives or found the men were released.
See, I don't want to sound like making some kind of a grotesque, bigoted remark,
because that would be a first on the show, but generally speaking where you have people of that descent,
you'll find some strange aromas, especially ones that have like a schmoth on their head
and are...
Well, I mean, these guys maybe smell really good, I don't know.
I wouldn't know.
I doubt it.
Officials praised Eunice for contacting police, but she came under fire from Muslims and others.
She was branded a liar and a racist, had to disconnect her phone after receiving death threats,
and was admitted to a hospital for chest pains.
In an exclusive inquiry investigation, we furnished Star Warsh with a taped interview
that Eunice gave to see an ends Paul Ozzon and an interview with one of the three students, Convis Butt.
Star Warsh of the Diatjini's company, hooked up his computer,
containing sophisticated voice, amalization software designed by him and a physicist
who assessed credibility during both interviews.
Star Warsh worked with an intelligence group in Vietnam, and I worked for local, state, and federal agencies,
and he found that Eunice's story is not made up or enhanced.
This all happened.
She believes totally what she's saying, he said.
Star Warsh 07 on the controversy, or whether the students spent on the date's 9-11 in September 13 as Eunice reported to police,
Eunice shows normal stress when she addresses date said Star Warsh, when she says that we're laughing about 9-11,
the stress level shows trust that she believes what she's saying, and that she's comfortable with what she's saying.
And contrast, Butt's tape raises alarm bells according to Star Warsh.
But to Larry King, she said we mentioned 9-11, we mentioned 9-13.
These dates were never brought up in our conversation at all.
I really think she had to add those statements to the complete her story.
Star Warsh revealed, I found that normal stress was the word story in the young man's narrative.
The stress level is indicative of deception.
It's clear to me from the stress pattern that he doesn't believe these dates were just part of a made-up story on Mrs. Stone's part.
I really question the veracity of the young man saying these dates were never brought up.
Eunice believes what she's saying, he doesn't.
Brett Newper, a lawyer representing the three medical students told the inquirer, it's a horrible misunderstanding.
These young men walked into Shownies, they clearly were Middle Eastern.
She allowed this perception to cloud her thinking she took tidbits and made it ominous.
September 11th was never discussed.
She said, was set off when they talked about bringing it down.
They were going to bring a card down, that's all.
Yeah, let's bring the card out of the repair shop, you know, something like that.
Sure.
If we're not carrying explosives, it was a face-saving effort on the sheriff's part to say that the dog smelled something.
We think the dog smelled some Moses meat pastries that the boys had in the car, but the dogs were hungry.
Do you ever have a samosa?
No.
He's got a bad complexion, I'll tell you that.
Now how about that Noriega?
But Mark Mills, president of Southern Police, canine, Inc. and North Carolina, who has provided 600 dogs for the war on terrorism told the inquirer,
a properly trained explosive detection canine would not pay attention to any type of food on a search during our comics and bomb training we place food in the area they're trained to ignore the food and they do.
How do you like that, huh?
How do you like that?
So don't try to like take Rintin, Tinnin, and tempt him with some kind of like some piece of steak or something because he's going to ignore it.
He'll like sniff that and go, fat, just like that, fat, just like when I think of Todd Dreck, I go fat.
By now you've heard the incredible earning potential like computer professional and that Todd Dreck is, you know, something Todd Dreck doesn't react well to the stress test done is stuff either, you know what?
Because he's a professional freaking liar.
You've heard us talk about the incredible demand for certified computer and speaking of Todd Dreck by the way, how Steven Davey doing, you know, Steve, I'm talking about I do.
You've heard me talk about the incredible demand for certified computer professionals until I'm blue in the face.
So do something.
Do yourself a favor, pick up the phone, call the experts at fast train at 1 866, fast train, even the call is free.
There's no obligation.
Get yourself started on the road to a real career, making some serious bucks.
You can complete your program, get certified in just four short months and be on your way to new higher paying career.
Fast trains got four convenient locations and they're in power and maybe someday we'll know we're all four hour, but I sure doubt it because Todd Dreck is a derelict.
He's a piece of third.
He smells like whatever those dogs smell to that car.
Fast train has got convenient to evening and weekend classes to pitch your schedule too.
They got a full time job placement department with over 30 experience and placing folks just like you.
So don't wait, pick up the phone and call our good friends at fast train.
Tell them that Todd Dreck had a call and they'll laugh their ass off, call 1 866 fast train.
That's 1 866 fast train or check them out of the web if you like at fast train dot com.
This is sports radio, I see.
You way out.
Yo, yo, let's rate.
So you have the next million dollar idea and just don't know how to get started.
I invented a plug, you stick in your butt in case you got diarrhea.
Do you think a manufacturer would want to produce and market your product and pay you royalties?
Sure, it works pretty good unless you got an industrial case to diarrhea.
Hey, it's all over the floor.
And the couch.
I'm a drink.
And my shoes.
All the professionals at Universal Consulting Service.
Wimble drowning.
I'm 45 at 560 WQAM.
So getting back to our pool, I think it's show and tell time 72 was going to explain to you what this the real answer isn't how it works.
Okay, the poll question is which of these do you think best defines who you are?
Now let me ask you, what do people think about more than anything else?
Sex.
Yes.
So there's the answer for you.
Do they think about politics more than anything else?
No.
Do rational people think about religion more than anything else?
No.
In fact, even the religion is even the most developed.
What are you thinking about?
90% of the time?
98% of the time?
Sex.
Sex, sex, sex.
That's what they're thinking about.
That's what usually gets their ass in the hot water and the rest of them too sometimes.
Is there any debate about that?
No, I see your point now even though I chose religion and I can explain why.
Go right ahead.
Even though you're, guess what?
You wronged me.
You gave it a good shot.
It's certainly better than some of the others.
Now let's see how they're playing it that way.
Because that determines more than anything else whether I'm able to get along with someone, whatever their sex might be.
Or sexual orientation.
See, I read it wrong.
Hmm?
In other words, if anybody out there following Georgia's answer?
No.
Chuck understood.
I didn't ask you what's going to determine whether or not you can get along with people.
Whether you're an asshole, whether you're like a hard ass.
I mean, that would be a bunch of different choices.
Let me read the question again to give you a chance to change your mind.
Which of these do you think best defines who you are?
Yeah, but I don't run around my life thinking of heterosexual, heterosexual, heterosexual.
You don't have to.
Because that's who you are.
That's what you are.
That's what I are.
That's what you are.
And so you're thinking, you see this hot babe and right away you're like, you know, that's what you're thinking.
I mean, let's face it.
That's what you're thinking about.
So you're not.
That's what your entire view of life that you live.
I'm not saying that those other things don't take up obviously a little part of your brain.
But everything that you view life as is as a heterosexual male, okay?
Okay.
You're right.
Which of these do you think best defines who you are?
Your political beliefs 19.
Absolutely ridiculous.
That defines who you are?
Although I would put that number two.
Huh?
Well, I think your political beliefs have a lot to do with your general philosophy.
With your general of what you are and who you are and how you live your life and how you relate to people.
And whether you are bigoted in the antithol right when peace of crap, etc.
Your political beliefs 22 people said that your physical appearance 18.
Well, see now that that's unfortunate.
But this is a great point.
You want to know why?
Because this shows what most people think.
And that is the end.
And I, I kept the confess.
I'm guilty of the same thing.
You see somebody who's really physically ugly, unattractive.
And every once in a while I have to remind myself, but that might be a nice person inside.
You know what I'm saying?
Yes, I know.
Like me, for example, I mean, I look like crap, but the fact of the matter is I'm a great guy.
You know, we do image.
I'm a wonderful human being.
Believe me, the human race could take a good lesson from me.
Even people who don't return my emails.
You know what I'm saying?
And I don't want to go into that.
I don't have to go into that website.
I don't want to discuss it on the area.
But I'm just saying there are some assholes out there who can't deal with it.
But I mean, like Fat Boy.
Fat Boy is, he is what he is.
He's a disgusting fat slob and a troublemaker in annoying.
So he's in exception, huh?
He's defined by that without a doubt.
That's him.
But I'll give you another example.
Fat Ritz, there's a guy, huge fat guy, but he's a great guy.
I think, you know, I'm not really sure.
Oh, look at this.
What?
What are you laughing about?
That line.
Well, I don't know what the, I've known him for over 20 years.
I don't know what he's doing.
He's not, you know, something.
Well, let me say this to you, okay?
I've pointed this before and I think you'll relate.
Sometimes you're better off not asking questions.
You know what I'm saying?
The less you know about people sometimes, the better off you are.
That's right.
Because, well, what is so funny about that?
The less you know.
And let me ask you, do I pry?
Am I the kind of person?
No, of course not a Yenta.
Not somebody who's the guy.
Because I feel if somebody wants to tell me something, they'll tell me no matter who it is.
Just by Osmosis, when you've known someone for years, just things are going to seep out.
You're just going to put it together.
Things are going to seep out.
You know, I tell you, you could be the most hard-ass little spick I've ever...
I, seriously, let's take a poll on that world, the biggest hard-ass spick.
And that would be George.
It is not even a close second.
You make cashier look like Santa Claus.
It's a van-glet thing.
You're not a big titter.
I'll tell you that.
First of all, all those Jews, we'd be going to camp.
No, I'd be welcoming them all here.
Yeah.
Come over here.
Yeah, sure.
Come see this desert and we'll send you to summer camp over here.
Twelve months of the year.
Anyway, speaking of religionists, the minister gets two years for sex with 14-year-old.
Oh, and another one from Cleveland?
Canton, Ohio, is that Canton.
A minister who worked at several Protestant churches in Canton has been sentenced to two years in prison after pleading guilty to have sex with a 14-year-old girl from one of his congregations.
At least it was a girl this time.
And this was a Protestant.
Reverend Larry Hamilton, senior 46, who most recently worked at the New Bethel Ministries of Canton, pleaded guilty Friday,
in Stark County Common Police Court to a single felony charge of unlawful sexual conduct with a minor.
Okay, get back to you interrupted me on a poll.
Which of these best defines who you are?
Your political beliefs 25, your physical appearance 19, which is terrible to think that.
That's just because somebody is either ugly or they have a bad hair piece or they are fat or more than one of the above.
That doesn't say who you are, does it?
Well, your nationality 18, your gender 16, your religion 6, your sexual orientation 4, which of course is the right answer, and your race 3 out of 91 votes.
Your sexual orientation determines everything about the way you view life.
How your political views as I said that would be second certainly.
But because you're thinking about sex 99% of the time, either that or you're a liar,
so you don't tell me it's just me that when I'm walking out on a young street for example and I'm looking around and looking at people and thinking,
holy crap, am I jawed, raps, to my knee, which is like all the time because there's so many, contrary to what that punk said that one day.
There are so many great looking people here of all types in the sex and everything else. You wouldn't believe it.
You'd be flabbergasted. Just ask Joe Costello, he'll tell you.
There are some pretty fine looking people around here and so you follow what I'm saying?
I follow.
Now some of the ugly people out there walking on the same street, they might be much nicer people than some of those really hot looking people, okay?
So some of the nice people I might enjoy having like a meal in a conversation with, the other people just a quick roll in the sack, that's all.
Some of the people you might like knowing for 20 years, some of the other ones maybe just for 20 minutes.
Follow.
I follow.
Makes sense to me or maybe go 40 minutes or a couple of hours or a couple of weeks, something like that.
So that clearly is the right answer, but some of you are a little less slow on the uptake on this because and we're all guilty of it.
I think about it frequently and that is that you look at somebody and they're ugly and they're grand look at the, hey, most of you people I've seen a lot of you, okay?
Look at the mirror, you know, you're worse than a lot of you look worse than I do and that's saying a lot.
Now people are judging you with the fact something that you have no control over now granted the fact part we have a little bit of control, although it's easier said than done.
Nevertheless, nevertheless, but the fact is that you don't have the complete control over the way you look.
It's just the luck of the draw. It's a matter of jeans just because somebody is young and beautiful and great looking with a marvelous body doesn't make them a nice person.
Follow what I'm saying.
It makes them attractive.
It makes them whatever as a matter of fact to give them an excuse to not be a nice person because sometimes they got an attitude because they think their stuff don't stink.
You know what I'm saying?
And people put up with them just to be right.
In fact, there's some ugly and grotesque looking people older than they claim to be who's stuff does thing.
But that's another story for another day. So is the beast coming in today or not?
Haven't seen him and his food sack is here.
You got his sack there. Now let's face it. It's almost 10 o'clock in the morning. It's breakfast time beast.
So if he's going to stick on a straight and a little bit narrow or path, he better be in there.
I have a feeling he may be avoiding coming in, but you can't put it off forever, Mr. Fat.
Because you know what?
We're overdue for a weigh-in and maybe that's why he's.
It's either that, but I think more likely he doesn't want to be cornered there and give us the real reason why he's not producing that morning show anymore.
You know what I'm saying?
Yo, yo, yo, that could be part of it or a combination of both.
Or maybe he could put the bag outside the door.
Huh? We could set the bag outside.
No, don't set it outside the door because then he can come and grab it.
That's lunacy.
Put it just inside the door and then as soon as you see an arm reach and they're just slam that door in his hand.
And then we'll all know where he's there for sure immediately.
I'll set a trap.
Said a little mouse trap.
War is a lousy way to win an election rights Larry Weiss on Common Dreams New Center.
He said the Bush administration enhanced the launch of slaughter against Iraq, but it has made no serious case to the need to rush to kill scores of thousands and bog our military down in a multi-year occupation.
In the absence of such a case, it seems inescapable that the war history has been manufactured just now in order to affect our coming elections.
The likely result of the ploy will be the stoked the fires of Islamic extremism and make Americans less safe.
Yes, Sodom was saying is a very bad man.
He was when he was alive.
The Reagan and previous Bush administrations and a cornerstone of their regional strategy.
He was when he invaded Kuwait and became our enemy and there was no doubt that he's worked to acquire the most terrible weapons, but we've known this all for decades.
There is nothing new here.
Neither in President Bush's speech to the UN or in any other recent pronouncement.
The administration has even tried to provide credible evidence that Sodom is suddenly close to somehow threatening us.
There are constant assertions but no facts.
The editors of Jane's intelligence, digest, and Jane's world army's authoritative independent analyst argue there is no evidence that Iraq is near to having nuclear weapons or the ability to deliver its crude chemical or biological weapons anywhere close to our shores.
Administration officials implied that Sodom might give weapons a mass destruction while kinder to use against us, but Sodom and Osama Yomama have been lawden who tried to organize a pan Islamic jihad to drive Iraq out of Kuwait in 1990 our enemies.
If the administration's logic held any water we should be in the midst of war preparations against Pakistan.
It has a demonstrated nuclear capability, help create the Taliban and forge bin Laden's alliance with it, and support it both forces right up to 9-11.
Elements of Pakistan's military apparently continue to support them if stopping a possible transfer of nuclear materials to Akkada's grounds for HD war, then why attack Iraq and lead Pakistan alone?
Most important, Saddam is capitulated to one conditionally when inspections that will reveal what weapons of mass destruction Iraq has or is making and allow for the destruction.
The administration didn't even try to make an argument why that step was insufficient and simply declared it so and continued full speed ahead toward war.
With no evidence of any threat from Iraq that didn't exist in January 2001 or January 2002, why the mad rush to war at this particular time, the inescapable conclusion is that the coming elections are what it's all about, or history led by Republican presidents almost certainly to Republican gains in Congress.
With the economy eiling the war in Afghanistan bogging down and the administration tried to dodge growing indications of security freighters related to 9-11, a war build up is a perfect political answer.
It diverts attention from inconvenient issues and puts Democrats in a loose-lose situation.
If they dare to stand up and say the emperor has no clothes, they'll be attacked as unpatriotic. If they bend to the hysteria and try to outworn wrong or the war mongers as some have clearly chosen to do, they'll be perceived as a pal that imitation of the real thing.
This war hysteria as electoral strategy is callous beyond comprehension, it'll cost many thousands of lives, both of our troops and the numeral rule of Iraqi civilians and conscripts, it'll require a massive US occupation for years to come, and more important it'll make Americans lose their lives.
It'll less not more safe. This is perhaps the ugliest piece, Americans are traumatized by the attacks carried out a year ago, and we're rightfully betting to ensure that such villains do not occur in the future, such villainies.
The administration is consciously chosen to play on people's real fears of al-Qaeda in order to create the election season war hysteria, it implies will somehow be safer from al-Qaeda if we'd opposed to them.
But a war that's a transparent and crass political ploy will only strengthen al-Qaeda's stature in the region and draw more fighters in money to its cause, and may even be the belated fulfillment of Bin Laden's dream that is 9-11 attack with provoking indiscriminate US response that would intern for a java's pan-Islamic front against this.
It is time that people of good faith stand together to say that the idea of rushing to war in order to sway in election is simply not acceptable in this country, it's time for those entrusted with moral and political leadership tacked with courage.
Thus far there have been few voices beyond those of former military officials from the Reagan and previous Bush administrations who have had the forthrightness to stand up to this insanity, it's time to stand up and be counted rights-lure a vice, in Minneapolis a social justice activist who works at the Resource Center of the Americas.
9-58-560 WQM like I said the beast is lost close to 60 pounds on balance for life how close we don't know because he hasn't shown his ugly little push yet.
And speaking the way people look and is that what they are et cetera and so on, if that's his case forget about him, anyone who's saying, but anyway, you want to lose weight, a lot of quacks out there, a lot of people exploiting your fat and your desperation, people that know that you've tried everything out of the sun, you still can't lose that ugly debilitating fat.
Here's the answer for you balance for life they're doing it for loads of our people in the audience and people all over town because balance for life provides you with all the food you need, it's all for more money balance and they do all the work for you to make sure that this is the kind of food you need that will keep you healthy and watch and get the pounds pouring off your body.
They bring in that little black sack by six every morning right to your door and inside the sack are three delicious fresh gourmet meals, two delicious snacks and little 60 Nons bottle water, it's all in there.
No shopping, no county calories, no county carbs, no decisions to make other than picking whatever you like from their two choices for each meal each day that you run a program.
It's not some crazy or diet regimen that isn't going to work when you see the pounds come pouring right back on.
This is the way to do it balance for life you'll watch the pounds like I said go flying off and you'll be satisfied too you won't be starving all day.
Pick up the protocol balance for life right now at nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check out their website at balance for life dot com.
Live local, your sports radio five six you a you a yeah.
Talk dirty to me.
Hi I'm Ben.
I'm Larry for spending Larry's honey roasted not and there's nothing better than our nuts roasted honey.
So that's Ben.
You're such a kidder.
You know what I hate what's that Larry?
Those tiny little bags of nuts when you're on the plane.
Me too.
That's why we have big nuts at you said it.
You can even say our nuts are more than a fistful.
I could but I won't but I will say our nuts are a must for any party or get together or just for a snack at home or while you're at work.
Everyone at work will want to get their hands on our nuts.
That's right.
So the next time you're out shopping pick up someone's Ben and Larry's honey rest did not wouldn't you just love our nuts in your mouth right now.
Ten oh four five sixty W.
We got the mad dog at one.
Hank will be a chulas of saffron that more will be with him at five from five to six got no more now.
What is that all about?
Huh what?
I was just going to say we have no more marlins baseball.
So Hank will be on from three to seven.
But I noticed six thirty eight thirty.
It's a raccoon hotline from David Buster's.
So Hank continues to nice go on air hopper man I can't get over that what a deal he's got going.
He's got one of the bigger scan that I got.
Even now that baseball seasons over he still gets off at six thirty and the show two and then from eight thirty to ten we got.
Oh yeah the big I did that back with the big old Eddie K.
After that ten to two and Joe and Mark overnight there's a schedule for you and of course watch his name.
Yo yo yo in the morning.
Old watch his name likes to monkey around now you look at this pool and you see your physical appearance has got thirty votes.
It's almost in first place right beyond your political beliefs.
And this is very sad.
And this is what most of us think including me but that's been Einstein.
Here's a good example.
Was he an attractive looking man?
Not by a long shot.
Oh my god.
How about FDR?
Here was an old man in a wheelchair.
Did that define the defect that he was an old man in a wheelchair?
That that define who he was or what he was?
Yeah of course not.
He had that cigarette holder.
Wow he did look very distinct with that.
That's true.
How about Abe Lincoln?
I think if we took a poll on the ugliest present he probably win it.
He had a look.
Oh yeah he had a look alright.
In fact the reason he had all that facial air was to cover up all those warts and crap and zits on his race.
He was gruesome.
Did that have anything to do with what he was?
No.
Of course not.
See this is America's problem.
We're all caught up in his crap about what somebody looks like.
Okay that's fine if you want to have sex with him or if there is sexual fantasy to you.
That's great.
You look at them you squeeze yourself a little bit or you stick your finger in some orifice and that's great.
But my god.
Just like for example tomorrow night smallville episode number two which you better not miss it this week.
Okay.
Oh this is the one that's supposed to be erotic and Clark it's all hot and bothered and like.
Squirt Squirt.
I don't think that far.
That's not curing away.
What would happen if he did that by the way?
I think maybe a new ocean.
Don't get in front of it.
Wouldn't you think possible but at any rate I mean Tom Walling there's a good example.
He's a great looking guy like Norma can't say he's gorgeous.
He's idiot idiot.
He could be an asshole for all we know.
Do you know him?
No.
I don't know him.
So he's nice to look at for us fags and for the women out there but he could be an asshole.
So how he looks doesn't define who he is or speak a norma can't by the way tomorrow is the big day.
Don't forget.
All right.
Have you see you already had forgotten you can't do that.
Tomorrow is the big day folks 8 to 9 a.m.
WFEL 1400 the Norma can't hour one of the most embarrassing exercises in regular history.
But we can tell him what I'm at show.
So we have to find a morning show somewhere that will promote this show and even mention my name.
And normal will do that with no problem at all.
Or else.
Well I tell you look at that pull boy they just they can't get it.
142 votes which of these do you think best defines who you are your political beliefs 33 your physical appearance 31 which is see in fact you know something.
See there's not any point might take a pull in giving you the correct answer but it's like a little bit of instruction a little bit of a helping hand to the audience out there.
The people are a little less astute than I am.
Your physical appearance should be last.
Yes.
Last it should be but.
No it's not debatable that should be the last in the choices that should be the last one.
That has the least to do with what you're all about is how you look.
But it determines so much about how you're treated like you just got to.
I'm not we're not talking about how you're treated that's not the question okay Mr. Hatchoff that's not the pull question the pull question is who you are what you're all about is on the inside not how you look on the exterior.
And because we live in this narcissistic goddamn world everybody's got to be young and beautiful otherwise I have no time for him I mean you know yeah.
So there's nothing wrong with that I'm not put that down but the fact of the matter is that doesn't and that's why you have so much a divorce by the way.
That's one of the reasons people get married or young they're 18 they're 20 they're whatever they are they get all hot because somebody looks good and then they find out after a couple of years they married an asshole right somebody who's a lousy lay somebody.
With a real crappy attitude somebody who's real bitchy and nasty and hostile somebody who's a pain in the ass to be around all the time somebody maybe who's getting out of shape.
Somebody who smells bad whatever somebody's got a bad wig.
Whatever it might be anyway getting back to that result 37 say your political beliefs that should be number two.
Your physical appearance which would be last 34 your nationality 29 what does your nationality got to do with what you are you know some people with professional affnics.
I see that's right all you know I'm Cuban I'm Jewish well congratulations will go get you a juban sandwich your gender 24 your sexual orientation 11 there and I started to pick up a little bit see that I think they were afraid to say that in the beginning we're not just talking about for fags like me okay all you straight people you think about sex just as much as I do which is like 99% of the time.
Your religion 10 and your race 8 well that I see that the long second last your race because I want to talk about them dark folks youth pass the resign over porn members of the old color Presbyterian church yesterday excepted the resignation of a popular youth minister who stepped down from his post after meeting him in addition to adult pornography.
During an emotional closed-door meeting following morning services a contract math Matthew LeMennec told more than 150 parishioners that he felt a blood to resign from his post to seek professional help and save his seven year marriage.
Flank by his wife D.D. Lomonick who resigned after his wife discovered porn on their home computer said he would not hide from his fellow congregants at the church at 144 one old cutler road whose members live in Palmetto Bay in Pinecrest.
Instead he said he needs their love and compassion to heal from his addiction heal he needs what's his name he needs to understand that bitch gave him up.
She found the porn she discovered the porn it's like it's like those high school students who were rebranded on their when they were shown at porn movie in the cafeteria and she opened up a big mouth causing him to lose his job over adult pornography well maybe she didn't get to see it.
I was living in isolation he said after the meeting I don't know how it affects other people but I know how pornography was affecting me it was eating me up it robbed me from me on me and my wife.
LeMennec's heart I'm just reading this because it's so sad it's so pathetic.
LeMennec's heart felt speech was met with tears of applause and a standing ovation said D.D. Lomonick people then stood in line to greet the couple in an embrace.
Some days meaning kept a week of controversy or whether LeMennec's decision should have been dealt with internally not aired publicly from the pulpit.
The Reverend Mike Candidian, Candidian, whatever's name is the church's senior pastor announced LeMennec's departure during a congressional meeting last week saying he wanted to spell false rumors and be honest with his parishioners.
He also said that because LeMennec is an associate pastor he needed to announce his resignation because it has to be ratified by a congressional vote.
He did nothing illegal but as a minister he has to be held to higher standards.
Candidian said in his changing world we have to stand up to the pervasiveness of porn.
A pervasiveness of porn.
Candidian added that the church is supportive of LeMennec and no wonder they threw out gold stains asians there you know it?
Candidian added that the church is supportive of LeMennec's decision and wants him to remain an integral part of the church's community.
What Maddid was a beautiful thing in the most difficult of circumstances and were all very proud of him.
He said since LeMennec's addiction became public the families received an outpouring of support from the community said D.D. LeMennec she said during the past week they've been flooded with phone calls, flowers and meals from friends and supporters.
We're not going to run away we want people to see that we're real people with real problems and we'll help them be able to make it.
He said and through this we're going to become stronger and more together.
LeMennec said that after years of struggling with his addiction and living in isolation and fear he finally feels a sense of freedom and a closeness to his family that he hasn't felt in years.
I finally felt like a family he said and it was beautiful.
How do you like that huh? You pervert. You ass-looking maniac.
That fucking bitch.
Exactly.
He just be glad you're not married to her okay?
No, no.
Thank you for that problem.
Well you do.
Yes.
From minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQM there's never been a better time a smarter time to buy a new home or refinance your existing one then right now.
How about a amazing rate of 3.95% that's right financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95% by picking up the phone and calling him toll free 1-800-940-L-E-N-D.
That's 1-800-940-5363.
The money you're going to save is incredible.
Think about it. You can get yourself a $100,000 loan for only $450 a month or a $200,000 loan for only $950 a month.
The process is simple and you're going to save thousands and thousands of dollars each year.
Just pick up the phone and call Todd's good friends at financial group 1-800-940-L-E-N-D.
There's never been a better a smarter time to get you a low interest rate.
Call financial group and you'll be on your way to some big savings.
Financial group is an equal housing lender. Crederations do apply and rates are subject to change so call them now toll free 1-800-940-L-E-N-D.
That's 1-800-940-5363.
My life and love, this is 4-3-0-560.
You ain't a U-A-N.
It's day, if I am the town, at 5-6-0-WQ-A-N-D.
I don't know why they hate me.
Oh, why they always rate me.
It must be because I got ruined, red is my fault.
A baseball on my arm, like a ramic, now he mappellacca what?
I got beans on my nose and nobody knows that under my clothes.
I wear fancy hauls, but that no mean that I'm gay.
If you think my arms are bad, you ought to see my legs.
I might as well keep on smoothing shaved to show a little glazed the next time I'm raping him.
I could go through a surgeon, but that gives me the shivers.
I would not want to walk, I look and like Joan Rivers.
Where am I?
I'd rather the least, the fat little freak.
I'd hit him up paper, now we can't afford to eat.
The reason I dismissed that stinkin' fat bastard is because he wouldn't shut up and he can't play conaster.
There's somebody talking over there. Nobody talks when I rap.
I rap then you'll talk.
Look at me, I'm hit, I ain't no square. I'm a ding-dong daddy man, I'm really dead.
I buy a ready when I want, I don't care.
But, will you, if they make me flip my wig, I'd smell a green hair.
I get tired myself and even happens to the greets.
Westwood once said you get out of here whilst we break your legs.
So now I sit by the pool, life's as good as it gets.
With my paladin cartel, placing bets on the jets.
Paradise. Paradise. I don't kiss nobody's ass in Paradise.
Don't go, don't go, don't go.
I'll be shripping down the screwkins when I get the chance, but the cleaners aren't ready with my lime green pants.
How long does it take?
Kelti calling the plate.
It was just a little thought, so what I left this thing.
I think that's fine, I want another sandwich buddy.
I can do what I want, but the management loves me.
Can I tell you something, Mo?
Something you ought to know.
But along this time I wanted you to be my home.
Oh, you wipe my tightfowl, now answer me, help out.
I don't take no for an answer.
I don't take no for an answer.
When it's time, let you.
I got that chance.
I got that chance.
I got that chance.
I got that chance.
I got that chance.
I got that chance.
10, 18, at 5, 60, George out of Coleman there by the way.
Oh, have you looked at the turn over to the CNBC right away?
Not for long, just briefly, okay?
Oh my god.
Oh, wait, wrong one.
Okay.
CNBC, the gambling channeler is that the Canadian guy with a big mustache,
whatever hell's name is he used to be on CBC.
Oh my god, look at that.
It's only 10, 18 in the morning, boys and girls.
On a Monday morning.
And all we can say about the market today is.
Right.
The Dow is down to 113 point and then I have that a little over 34.
Wow.
But at any rate, you want to buy some cheap stock?
If there are any of the kind.
Hey, we got some Enron, 12 said baby.
Eight, eight, eight, cheers for a buck.
Manor rested with box cutters at airport.
I got a Bill or Riley store.
Can you believe, would you, how much would you have been against him?
You reading a, well, I actually bought a box in the hand.
Pat Buchanan and Bill or Riley on the same day.
Manor rested with box cutters at airport.
Atlantic City.
A Bulgarian national was arrested yesterday.
Atlantic City International Airport.
After a federal screener's found a pair of scissors embedded in a bar of soap.
And two box cutters hidden in a lotion bottle in his backpack.
You just know what his response must have been.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Right.
The 21 year old man was charged with possession of a prohibited weapon.
Egg Harbor Township Police confirmed he was being held on $100,000 a bomb,
but then immediately released his name.
Authorities said the man was a student from Bulgaria with a summer visa,
allowing him to work at an Atlantic City area convenience store.
He was the last passenger to pass through screening yesterday for a flight from Atlantic City to
Mertle Beach, South Carolina.
TSA spokesman Robert Johnson be saying,
when his backpack went through the X-ray machine, screener spotted the scissors
and pulled him aside.
He said a search of the backpack turned up the scissors embedded in a bar of soap.
And the box cutters hidden in a lotion bottle, Johnson said.
The concern was there may have been some effort to conceal them, said Johnson.
He said the fact that the man's one-way ticket was purchased over the internet in August.
Also raised suspicion, a raised eyebrow or two.
The man told a authorities he packed the items that were to keep them from damaging anything else in his backpack, Johnson said.
He said he bought these spirit airlines tickets so we could visit a friend in South Carolina before returning to Bulgaria.
We're proud of the fact that our screeners caught it, Johnson said.
Here's an example of the federal screeners doing their job keeping these items off the plane,
giving law enforcement a chance to sort through it.
How do you like that?
Let's hear it from them screeners.
How about your eye seamens, this product?
What do you think?
What would you think?
Girl, funny, dirty eye seamens, a silly goose, who's part of what's wrong with South Florida.
I'll tell you right there, boys and girls.
NBC6's eye seamens, he's a big part of what's wrong with South Florida.
Bill Orale says, OJ did do it.
This is in the globe, so you know, it might be while we already knew that.
And the headline on the article in Big Red Print, OJ did do it.
Which I think some of us have had a suspicion over the years.
I mean, we weren't, huh?
We had an inkling.
We weren't absolutely positive, but especially when he said,
That kind of gave us a clue, you know.
OJ Simpson's long-time lawyer and good friend Howard Weisman walked away from his murder trial.
After the football star admitted that he was guilty, says TV host Bill Orale.
The legal whiz quit barely a day after cops interviewed Simpson about the savage killings
and outside her Brentwood townhouse, June 12, 1994.
Well, that's more than eight years ago.
How come we don't celebrate the anniversary of that?
We're waiting for the 10-year anniversary.
Okay.
It was a case I didn't want to get involved with in the White Spent on Fox's show, The O'Reilly Factor.
I'm in possession of information that no one has, perhaps except Mr. Simpson.
Very early on, like within 24 hours of his interrogation with the police,
which did, he did over my objection.
I felt it was not a place I wanted to be.
It was a moral and ethical objection.
A lawyer's obligation when you defend somebody charged with the crime is to present evidence in fact,
you shouldn't, in my opinion, create facts that you know aren't existed.
A source post of the defense team adds,
Weitzman got off the case because OJ Albutt confessed to the crime.
He told people in a circle, I don't remember doing it, but I guess I must have.
It put Weitzman in a position where he would have had to manufacture a defense for somebody he believed was guilty,
and that defense would have involved phony lines,
like accusing cops of planning evidence and blaming the victims for participating,
and drug deals gone bad.
He wasn't prepared to do that, but Johnny Cochrane and the other attorneys,
who may not have known while what OJ said, were, as we know,
Weitzman told O'Reilly that while the police extracted blood from Simpson,
put the vials in their pockets and drove back to the scene where the bodies were recovered,
he would not have accused them of framing the NHL, and I felt Hall of Fame player.
Well, he's on thin ice, maybe an NHL player.
It leaves good use and they suck.
Eddie Belvoir sent him back.
He also wouldn't have accused them of having a racially motivated prosecution.
The Frank interview was blasted by Simpson's mommy-based lawyer, Yel Kalanter,
for Mr. Weitzman to go on the Arali factor and imply that he had some kind of ethical obligation
to leave the case as a crock of crap Kalanter told the globe, how do you like that?
It's a crock of crap.
He wasn't terminated, he didn't leave voluntarily, but he was terminated, he didn't have a choice.
He fired his ass.
Simpson's former friend refused to come out when Arali told him,
I believe that something O.J. Simpson said in your presence of criminating in this murder case,
I don't think you're going to say I'm wrong.
But he did add, the last word is real simple, it's the time that we shine the light on the conduct
of some of the criminal defense bar, the system is about seeking truth and justice,
and we shouldn't be allowed to create smoke screens and argue factual scenarios
that we know aren't true or that we know aren't present, he'd be saying.
How do you like that?
So Howard Weitzman says, you done it O.J., you scumbag, you douchebag, you murdering son of a bitch,
we hate you like poison.
And I think we all can agree on that.
So maybe for...
Polograph, speaking of a sensational case, no one's how I have these lumped together,
this is good, good work, nice grouping.
Polograph, flawed in Shan Relivi probe question mark, so CNN,
police detectives in the Shan Relivi murder case are focusing on a suspect initially discounted
after he passed a Polograph test and investigators now believe was flawed,
the Washington Post reported yesterday.
Ingemar Guindique, 21, has been in prison since July 2001,
two months after the 24-year-old intern disappeared, he was imprisoned after being convicted
of assaults on two female joggers in Washington's Rock Creek Park, the paper reported.
Levy's disappearance last year generated national attention to and part to her links to
Democratic U.S. Representative Gary Condor, the California, who lost a
election bit earlier this year.
Police have ruled Levy's death a homicide that haven't had previously identified any suspects.
After Levy's remains were found in Rock Creek Park on March, May 22, 2002,
following this, I'm not, some investigators re-examining the Guindique case were struck by similarities
in the three crime scenes the Post reported, citing unnamed law enforcement sources.
Investigators then discovered that a Spanish-speaking interpreter, instead of a bilingual
polygraph technician, was used in administrating a Guindique's polygraph, it said.
Relying on an interpreter, according to League of Experts, can skew the results of the test
because questions are filtered through and possibly altered by the interpreter it said.
How do you like that?
Right, I think so.
So I thought Inga Marjo Hanson, it's Inga Marguen Dique, and it may turn out that he's the murderer he may be
over the one, and then we're going to feel bad about the poor Gary Condor, are we going to want to give him an apology?
No. No.
Huh? No. Just because he was in all that rough sex, all that SNM, and was a lying-sector crap in a
land where I don't think so.
That's because you're a hardened, fixed son of a bitch, you're a hard ass.
I extend my deepest apologies if it turns out that he's not, do you believe it?
No.
Which of these do you think best defines who you are?
See this is a great pull because there are a lot of different opinions here, they're all over the place.
And they really think there's no one definitive answer, even I know better, because I'm a professional
faggot.
Anyway, the answer to your political beliefs, 45, your physical appearance, 41, I'm embarrassed for you people
that keep saying that.
That's terrible.
Your nationality, 36, your gender, 33, your sexual orientation, 15, your religion, 10, and your race be having only nine.
Your race be having only nine, because we have this really broad-minded audience out there.
They don't make judgments based on race, they don't say, oh look at that silly schwarz-er-ul, but okay, look at that
and Aunt Jo Mama, they don't say that.
They're thinking Aunt Jo Mama because her physical appearance, because she's big and got a big fat belly
and looks like Aunt Jo Mama, right?
Looks like she's ready to whip out some flapjacks.
Huh?
When it's out whipping out, Aunt Jo Mama.
I could go for some flapjacks.
You know, yesterday I went to the brunch at the J Mugs down there next to the Eaton Center.
Okay.
I told you about that great Sunday brunch they have every week.
We do.
We do, for God.
No, really, it's the best Sunday brunch ever seen in my life.
And of course there are millions of them all.
It's great.
And I resisted, I kept my honor.
I didn't have any of the French toast or any of the pancakes.
Oh man, I...
You know how they have those hot dishes and you pick up the middle of the top?
The lid?
Yes.
And you're looking here and I picked up the one and I saw the French toast.
So that thing went down so fast, man.
I slammed that lid back up.
The French bread, when it's nice and full.
Oh man.
Oh my God.
Can I change my mind?
Look at that.
221 in the Megatory on the Dow Jones industrial average in the NASDAQ, down 34.
It's early in the day.
Okay, just relax.
You can go down a hell of a lot more before we're done.
1027 at 560 WDQ AM Tom Lehman and Haled Pontiac GMC would like to help you out.
They'd like to put you into a great new car trucker SUV at Haled Pontiac.
And the deals are as always unbeatable at Haled because they're doing 0% financing again.
With a proof credit from GMAC you can actually get 0% finance still up to 36 months on all of the
Haled 2003 Pontiacs and GMC models.
They'll take you a rebate up to 4 grand and all 2002 Pontiacs or GMC models and stuff.
You know, this is a classic example of how much of slackards we have in our sales department
because other than just giving you a piece of copy from the agency,
Bob Eisenberg could like take the muskrat off his head long enough to really sit down,
get some information on the great new 2003's, talk about price, talk about some,
you know what I'm saying?
What are you saying?
I'm saying that this is crap.
Just words on a sheet of paper. That's what WQA am advertising is all about boys and girls.
Words on a sheet of paper.
Not something really great, something sensational, something that's a hook,
something that's going to get people off the rack and say,
hey, let's go down and see Tom Lehman right now and say,
that sounds pretty goddamn good about those new 2003's because we have a bunch of slackards back there
while screw-an is busy with their six-headed dildo, okay?
Sproul out on a goddamn floor.
Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs while you're in Haled,
including the envoy voted by Motor Trend as SUV of the year and the all-new Pontiac Vibe SUV
that we've been raven about for a long time.
And as far as dependable pre-owned cars, trucks SUVs, they got a whole lot full of them.
As far as credits concerned, even you deadbeats out there which we have many in this crowd,
no problem, they'll cut your deal of Haled if they never see again, they don't care.
So if you want an unbeatable deal on great Pontiacs and GMC's including those brand new 2003's,
see Haled Pontiac 134-1 South Dixie High where you West want to cross from the falls,
when you go down and talk to Tom Lee and ask him, how come you do business with a butt plug like Bob Eisenberg?
Haled Pontiac GMC, we are professional grade.
My and local, this is 4405 City, you ain't can't wait.
Diddy Chuckett or Diddy Cockett?
Sproul out on a goddamn floor.
Do you think black marriage's on once a road?
A big black man, a special name,
it's got between your thighs,
two lines,
you don't think blackmailing a charity is wrong,
you'll then go to the ballroom for an advice,
we've been trying to bolsting slow.
You have no trail, right?
What pros of your ass and dine?
Did you wash that knife?
No.
You think of your man's pride,
and some of those men are right?
Huh!
Sproul out.
You'll be the big job bang to die.
I'll smack your hand and lose up your mind
in the way you like.
Sproul out.
You get my bone, don't long and strong.
If charity money is too old to hit,
no care if it's wrong.
You got dead new life,
you just be my son.
The chance of this result,
you know how to do it right.
You got a big with those edges out.
10, 33, 5, 60,
you see she's schlocked,
and as a result, the entire sales department,
the way we operate with everything,
you're schlocking, you're engineering, you're schlocking.
We're schlocking, we're proud of it, okay?
We're proud of it, don't be knocking us, okay?
We're QAM, we're schlocking,
and I'm the one guy in the year, honest enough to tell you,
we're schlocking, that's the way we like it, all right?
I don't care if they send me a bunch of shaman up here
with the words of commercials printed on a guy
in a piece of toilet paper,
if that's what they want, believe you me,
as long as those texts keep showing up,
I don't give a crap, okay?
You got it?
I got it.
So quote the great Christopher Darden, okay?
I don't give a sh** anymore.
One of the great bald-headed schwarters of all time,
although not quite up to the level of choice,
Bradford, but nevertheless he's working on it.
Chris Darden.
I don't give a sh** anymore.
And he met him when he said it.
Believe me, especially after you were getting into that marsher Clark.
Can you imagine that?
Yeah.
The two of them?
Yeah.
Ooh.
And she was another one they were trying to make into a sex pod.
I know.
That would be a good pull question.
Who's the bigger sex pod?
Chelsea Clinton.
Amy Carter.
Or marsher Clark.
Oh, and what was the abarbor water sting there?
And I always about that broad-ed myriad arachmenendus.
I actually, I was channel-surfing and I actually saw that.
Talk about a sad, sad, sad, sad puppy.
Her husband died and she's a very attractive young blonde thing.
She's cute.
And they've never had sex, of course.
And she gets to kiss it and hold it.
I mean, kiss him.
Once in a great while on her visits to jail.
But he's never getting out.
He's in it forever.
By the way, yes.
By the way, something?
The pizza loft opening time is 11 a.m.
Oh, it's only 25.
We have to have a countdown.
Oh!
Pizza loft.
All right.
In fact, you know something.
I got a great way we can kill like 25 minutes.
We can have a 25-minute rumble.
What do you say?
Sounds good to me.
Let that fun go, baby.
Oh!
25 minutes from Mark.
We have the grand opening of the pizza loft in plantation.
This is the most exciting thing to happen in plantation since I moved there.
And that's a long time ago.
And the people in plantation are too happy about it.
Especially the city fathers.
They're always giving you a hard time, man.
Always bust in your balls.
Oh, you got a satellite dish.
You got this.
You got that.
Screw you guys, okay?
You don't like it jam it.
Secondary of these blue noses in the coral gables and in plantation and in coral springs,
all over town.
And Western isn't Western.
We're like everything's smoking outside, I think, is illegal.
Everything's illegal in Western.
And South's ain't too happy about it either.
Because we know what he's smoking.
Bush plan on fetus benefits sparks debate.
Oh, this from the Boston Globe.
But there's a lot of good stuff coming in here.
And if you could see my pile today, man, even mode on have piles like this.
Unbelievable.
Well, I guess I better get right to this one.
I haven't read it yet.
Let's read it cool.
What do you say?
The Bush administration decision to extend federal health benefits to fetuses is, oh, no.
Oh, no.
This can't be for real.
Is real.
By Ralph Rinaly got Boston Globe today.
It's likely to have more political and practical fall out of Massachusetts where most low income women are already eligible for prenatal care under several existing state programs.
State officials and advocates say the move builders promoting parental prenatal care when it was announced by administration officials last week
represents the first time that any federal policy is defined childhood as beginning a contraception.
See where this is going?
An exception.
I know what it says.
Starting in November, unborn children will qualify for government health benefits.
A change praised by abortion foes, but ripped by abortion rights advocates as they thinly be able to tend by the administration to push an anti-abortion agenda.
And they are absolutely correct.
You bet.
Although states will not be compelled to cover developing fetuses, any state may choose to pay for such care through the state children's health insurance program or S-CHIP, a program for low income children and share a shared responsibility of the federal government and states.
Robert Pete Gittens, the state secretary of health and human services set over the weekend that officials will study the program to see how it will fit within the context of existing programs here, meaning a Massachusetts.
There you go.
Love those fetuses, baby. All the fetus huggers are ready to again.
Here's a little follow-up for you on a Chinese poisoning story.
Remember that story, of course.
Yes.
Sure makes you want to go to China, don't it?
No.
Not.
Well, I tell you that. Maybe you've got a point about them.
Wonderful, wonderful people, crappy government, and then that dog thing.
And then the poisoning thing.
Well, the owner of a snack shop was tried and sentenced to death after we confessed to killing 38 people by poisoning arrivals food in the Eastern Chinese city of Nanjing, a court official said.
Chen Shenping.
See, you're right, if you say much faster, it's better.
Chen Shenping was sentenced this morning after trial in Nanjing's intermediate people's court, according to an official in the Criminal Court Division.
Reached by telephone, she confirmed the sentence, but would not give her name, of course.
The poisoning September 15 also sickened up to 300 people.
So 38 did up to 300 sick.
The website, ChinaNews.com reported that his 10-mistake and the court of the heavy security this morning, residents lined the road to watch and praised the 30s for acting swiftly.
More than 20 police vehicles formed a convoy to escort Chen to court the website said.
After an intensive manhunt, Chen was apprehended September 16, aboard a train in Sanjiu, a city about 600 miles northwest of Nanjing.
Chen, the owner of a rival snack shop, confessed a day later, despreting the poison, according to the official Sinjuan news agency.
He said he was resentful over his rival's success official media said.
Authorities have tightly controlled information about the poisons and didn't release a death toll for four days.
The website of the Communist Party newspaper People's Daily reported shortly after the poisons that most of the victims were school children and the two were soldiers from a nearby military installation.
China suffered poisoning attacks in the past linked on business rivalries or people with grudges.
In July, a noodle shop owner in southern China was arrested on charges that he poisoned customers at a rival business by putting rat poison in soups solders, sickening 57 people.
Test on the Nanjing food identified the substances of a brand of rat poison called Da Xiu Quang, which has been banned for sure.
I don't be eating that stuff.
No. Van for sale in China since the mid-90s, according to the Nanjing agriculture and forestry bureau, which said it was still widely available in rural areas from illegal producers.
That sentences in China are automatically appealed. Executions are typically carried out in media left to the final appeal.
It's like right now, okay. Here's your last appeal and that's it. Next.
Right. Let's take you right out in the middle of the cinnamon square and thanks a lot. No tanks.
20 to 11 at 560 WQM. I'm telling you one thing. I don't know what it is, boy, about a sure-feel full-applicant vinegar that today, you know.
Maybe this week is going to be even faster than the last two. And before you know it, I'm going to be back there.
Oh, God. Say it isn't so to worry. Say it isn't so. No. We say, please.
Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry
Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry
Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry
Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry
Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please offer me a bowel water-c
I'll tell you a story about someone named Fu.
Oh, Fu?
Okay, hold on a second, okay?
Yeah.
Hello.
Hello?
How's that?
Yeah, who's speaking?
Huh?
Yeah, hello.
Who's speaking?
Hello?
Hello?
Can you hear me?
Yeah?
You got rest off for sale?
Huh?
How much do you want for this one?
Well, you come here to look at it and talk to the board.
I come over, maybe eat dinner with you.
Okay.
Does that price include all the walks?
Huh?
Huh?
How much?
$2.2.
$2.2?
Okay, you come to the board.
$2.2?
$2.2.
$2.2?
Yeah.
$2.2.
$2.2.
Okay, I've got to go to the old school.
I come over and pick it up and look at it.
Okay.
Okay.
Hold the rat poison, by the way.
1046 at 560 W.C.Y.M.
Anti-war protestors marched the Cheney's home.
Thousands of people posing war with the rat march to the residents of West President
Dick Cheney on Sunday.
Yesterday, accommodating three days a small number of unexpected demonstrations, protesters
simulating signs that said no blood for oil, lame Cheney for pushing the nation toward
war.
Police estimated about 2,500 people turned out for the peaceful event.
Demonstrator threatened to shut down the nation's capital and disrupt the meeting's
world financial leaders during the weekend, fell flat.
And all protesters had evaporated from city streets by dusk yesterday.
However, protest organizers insisted their goals were met, drawing attention to those seeking
more money for global AIDS research and calling for changes in world economic policies.
It's been a highly successful couple of days said David Levy, who was the only protest
organizer to show up for yesterday morning's news conference, to evaluate the demonstrations.
Police had prepared for as many as 20,000 demonstrators, but during the largest event on
Saturday, a much smaller number filled a five-block long stretch of a four-lane street as they
shouted opposition to policies of the world bank and the IMF, which were holding their
annual meetings nearby.
No, we didn't change the state of the global economy said, so Baldwin, 21th-Akkolid
senior from Garfield, New Jersey, the main purpose for most of these demonstrations is basically
a huge outreach tool.
And there's nothing like having a big tool to reach out with, right?
Meetings of the global financial institutions have been emigrated to violence scared of
a scarred protest since 19-9 hours.
It goes on.
We know all of that.
But we know all of that?
Yes.
We know it.
Well, I'll tell you, sure, it affects me a lot of stuff from the New York Times, a lot
of stuff from that New York Times.
But before I have a chance to get into that, our favorite two-gooder.
The woman videotape, allegedly beating her four-year-old daughter, coined a place
with a rest at a misdemeanor charges Friday of providing authorities with a false
address.
Madeleine Gorman, two-good 25, allegedly gave a fake address to her probation officer.
She turned herself in Friday night, was released minutes later on $2,000 bail.
According to Deputy Racial Wolvo, the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department, in Michigan,
Indiana, which is usually the arrest for her on the charge of falsifying information.
A court date has been set for October 10, Wolvo said the misdemeanor's punishable
buy up to six months in jail, according to the same Joseph County prosecutor, Chris
Toth.
Toth said the address good gave 18-08 East Bristol Street was actually a drag cleaner
in Elkhart, Indiana, and a strip mall.
And, rest her husband listed on his driver's license as well.
Ha-ha-ha!
Maybe they live in a drag cleaner, sir.
Which driver's license would that be?
The one at the head is Pitcher on it.
We still do not have a permanent address for this individual that continues to concern
us particularly because we're talking about the welfare of Little Martha, two-good, the
four-year-old daughter, Toth said.
Obviously, we were well aware that these individuals had a transient lifestyle, and there were some
history of fraud being involved in their background.
Yes, some history.
Her attorney, Steve Rosen, said, too, that was very unhappy when he notified her about
the new charges.
She started crying.
I said, Madeline, keep your composure.
Keep your temper.
Keep a smile on your pussy.
I don't want to see you crack.
Rosen told reporters.
And in the acquirer so we know it is absolutely positively the emis, Toth beating mom's
bizarre secret life about the very self-same Madeline too good to be true.
Madeline, too, that the mom caught on tape savagely beating her four-year-old daughter,
has led a bizarre life the inquiry has learned.
The mother of three belongs to the Irish travelers, a group frequently accused of perpetrating
outrageous scams as they move around the country and even use their children to rip off
people's sources told the inquiry.
The 26-year-old mom was caught by a security camera beating her innocent daughter Martha
outside of Cole's department store and Michelle Walkie in the NF.
She was able to return some unable to return some blue jeans.
Well, see, that's what she was pissed off about.
She couldn't pull off the scam.
The gut-wrenching video was played across the country, sparking a manhunt that anyone
too could finally turn herself in.
It looks like Madeline, too, that is the most hated woman in America, said off their
done right, an expert on Irish travelers.
I can't say for sure what happened between Tuget and her daughter inside the Cole's department
store, but I suspect one or two things happened.
The daughter either said something before the shopping scam her mother had going or the
mother was ticked off for not being able to get a refund.
In an exclusive interview with the inquire, Wright revealed the shocking secrets he uncovered
in his more than two decades, hmm, non-researchs on the Irish travelers who rarely associate
with outsiders.
One of the scams they've become notorious for is buying campers or trailers, believing
them in them for while then fighting a sucker to unload them for on an inflated price.
The L-card Indian author claimed some traveler men commonly target the elderly and built
them out of thousands of dollars with various paving construction or home improvement scams
while the women are known for shoplifting and other deceptive hand-eye tricks.
That they target the elderly because they're usually an easy prey, the traveler scams
have ranged from a few hundred dollars to twenty thousand or more, usually what they do
is write a contract for a roof or paving job, complete the work with shotty materials,
and then move on to the next town so customers can't find them when problems arise.
While the men are out doing improvement scams, women have some scams of their own.
Shoplifting and refunding stool and merchandise are common among the women, but they usually
only shoplift expensive merchandise, things that can be easily turned into plenty of cash.
They'll shoplift the merchandise and return to the store days later claiming not to have
a receipt because it was a gift.
They also have a fancy hand-eye trick that they do in exchanging money with bank tellers,
or often they stay in front of a store and pose as an illegal alien who has a winning lottery
ticket but is scared to cash it in because they'll have to present the cash here with an
ID once they find a ticket to sell the invalid ticket to, they disappear.
Even worse rights as some travelers use their children and their illegal activities,
kind of like the gypsies, just like.
Most of the children only go to school for the few years of textual reading and writing,
and he said after that their parents give them on the job training, taking them on driveway paving,
and shoplifting scams.
The inquire investigated the hot tempered mom's murky background, and we learned that
Madeline has a history of misdemeanor arrest, and in May a warrant was issued for her in Texas
after she failed her opyrin court to face a shoplifting charge.
Madeline belongs to a traveler group known as the Greenhorn Carrels, says a family member.
There are between 12 and 20,000 Irish travelers in the U.S., but not all traveler groups engage in criminal activities.
However, Monster Mom Madeline has several aliases, and almost 20 addresses she's used in the past 10 years,
the family member charged, until recently the family was living in their new 42-foot Franklin camper
on the South Bend East K-O-A campground.
I love those K-O-A campgrounds.
Nice.
Terry Marsh owner of the air campground told the inquire, the couple appeared to have a lot of money.
Madeline drove a brand new SUV, and her husband Johnny drove a new pickup truck with his company,
named statewide paving written on the side.
They never mingle with anybody else, Johnny regularly paid their rent always in cash.
The inquire has learned exclusively that the band of travelers, two good assents to be associated with,
decided to split up after she became the most notorious woman in America,
long group headed for Kansas City, while the others took off for Texas.
Said the family member, most of our family is very angry at her for what Madeline has done a world very embarrassed.
She's replaced Susan Smith as the most hated mom in America, and nobody wants to be associated with her anymore,
plus I guess she blew their covers, what it's all right.
Lots of attention, they hate that.
Yeah, just like in a godfather, huh?
Godfather 3?
Yeah, sure it's true, I make a Bella Fugura, a good Bella Fugura.
Remember that?
Right.
Yeah, maybe some of you famous some day too, huh?
Joey Zaza.
Hey Joey!
Zaza!
Look aboard.
Oh, here's some good news, testing shows Nation now has enough smallpox vaccine for everyone.
All right, let's go roll our sleeve up.
By diluting long-store doses, the West now has more than enough smallpox vaccine
to protect everyone in case of a bio-terrorist attack that Top Health official said yesterday.
Testing some of the 86 million doses of vaccine that came to light last March,
shows they can be watered down and still offer potent protection against smallpox.
Dr. Anthony Fauci, head of the National Institute of Allergy and infectious diseases,
said yesterday that the diluted vaccine has been tried more than 100 volunteers to see if it still works.
The results show this cash alone contains enough vaccine for everyone in emergency.
This is very reassuring, Fauci.
Sadie spoke about infectious disease conference in San Diego sponsored by the American Society for Microbiology.
The latest smallpox case, the last one rather in the US, was in 1949,
and routine vaccination stopped in 72.
However, the Soviet Union stockpiled tons of the virus during the Cold War and experts were,
some of that might be used as weapons by terrorists.
Many experts assume that vaccination will begin again once new smallpox cases were discovered.
But last week, government officials said they're planning to offer a smallpox vaccine
before such an attack to all 280 million Americans.
You're going to get yours?
I don't know, already.
I'm not. I got one. I still got the thing on my arm.
Maybe I'll get a matching one on the other arm.
However, that would involve distributing vaccine that is still being made for the government.
The first of that supply should have arrived early next year from a Canvas ink,
which has been contracted to make 209 million doses.
In the meantime, health officials will have to rely on vaccines of vaccine leftover from decades ago
if smallpox is somehow released before the new vaccine is ready.
Until recently, the only known supply was 15 million doses of a vaccine called drybacks made 20 years ago.
Government studies showed a combined diluted 5-1, making 75 million...
Well, on a co-simile crap. And Tommy Thompson said, he drank water out of a creek.
Oh, man, how can there be so many stupid people on the loose?
No wonder it's a dangerous goddamn world, you know what?
Man, so many people in there walking around on the loose, dangerous.
One of the most dangerous things in the world is stupidity.
And if stupidity is dangerous, then America is a very, very dangerous place to be.
I suggest.
He drank water out of a creek.
It's only an isolated incident.
Man, where did he find this bunch of yahuas?
What came to these people crawl out of?
I mean, we know he found kind of a lizard, a chevron, pumping gas.
1056 at 560 WQAM, we got the mad dog.
Oh, right.
He's probably going to be really having his tail between his legs today.
48-30, was that correct score that I saw?
Yeah, fortunately.
48-30 for Kansas City.
And then I tell you they had an unstoppable offense and nearly beat the guy they
had in Patriots last week, and yet the Patriots lost his day well, big deal.
They didn't get trash, they didn't get...
Plus they got screwed on a third and inches and then on fourth and inches.
The thirdness is one even close.
But nonetheless, we'll take it like a real man, like Tom Brady, like a real man, like me.
Four minutes still 11 at 560 WQAM, I'll tell you who's not a real man, that's Todd Dreck.
We have some stories about Todd who spends a lot of time in Davy, which we're going to be
giving you later in the show.
By now, I'm sure you've heard the incredible earning potential of computer professionals.
You've heard me talk about the incredible demand for certified computer professionals
and how much money they're making.
You've also heard me talk about the great people of Fast Train.
So it's time to use self-ahemongous gigantic favor.
Pick up the phone and call Fast Train, their tool for you number 1-866 Fast Train.
You can complete your program, get certified in just four short, quick months,
and be on your way to a brand new, higher paying career, like so many other people are doing.
Fast Train has got four convenient locations in Dayton, Broward.
We know there's one in Pember Pines, there's one in Kendall, now brand new.
The other two, we haven't got a clue.
Fast Train has got convenient day evening weekend classes to fit your schedule.
They've got a full-time job placement department with over 30 years experience.
So don't delay, don't be another Todd Dreck that keeps procrastinating and putting off the inevitable.
Pick up the phone and call a good people at Fast Train, tool for you at 1-866 Fast Train.
That's 1-866 Fast Train or check them out on the web if you like.
And don't forget to check out Fast Train at Fast Train.com and tell them that Mufflinzi told you to call.
We are Sports Radio 560, UAM.
Get off your duff.
When you're into a romantic mood with your guy and you want to tap that alternate input,
are you put off?
Do you find the thought of that kind of thing just too uncomfortable to even consider?
Well, now there's a solution to that dilemma.
Famous Anus Expansion Cream.
Just put a dab of Famous Anus around your puckers.
And in just a few minutes, your third input will stand a full four-inchest making anal debris.
So don't disappoint him.
Get it to the Famous Anus.
You'll bet your ass you'll love it.
Eat so long if you want to go and tell you and see Jeff Cohen's home in jail.
You'll have great Italian food that's made by a Jew who has lovely, painted men.
He's going to be looking his wounds today after his dolphins got pasted yesterday in Kansas City.
But that's okay. It's only one ball game.
The most important thing is the brand new pizza loft is open right now.
I bet you they just open the door.
They just swung it open.
Let's hope.
What do you mean? Let's hope.
Come up.
The oven is as high.
They just swung the door open.
I bet you my good friend, Marcy, was their first customer near.
Free meals from Marcy by the way, Jeff.
And you notice how I played that anal thing right before pizza loft angle?
Yeah, what's that?
Because I hear it's two for one.
Just a rumor, but I'm hearing it's two for one.
Pencils and anal vibrators in honor of the grand opening.
What other person would they do that at Olive Garden?
No.
Pencils and anal vibrators?
No.
I don't think so.
At Pasqualees?
No.
This is the only Italian restaurant in the world where you get a pencil and anal vibrator.
International hero tribune reprints this column by Dean Murphy, New York Times, one nation under surveillance.
I think I'm going to go turn my air conditioner on, okay?
I will be placing music.
Well, that may for like, it's going to take two seconds.
I hope you play in that fruity gourmet crap, okay?
We got enough problems already.
Maybe he'll turn to the priesthood, you think he'd be perfect.
I did like that show though, that's a sad part, but they had some great footage from Italy.
Big brothers reach spreads to small town America where it's Dean Murphy in the New York Times today.
Puerto Villacallifonia.
This is the kind of place small and out of the way where people keep kind of things taking for granted elsewhere.
Three McDonald's restaurants, including the one in the Walmart.
One Starbucks, new.
Nine screens at the Galaxy Theater.
73 jobs at Mervin's department store.
But even in this town, pushed up against the parked foothills of the Sierra Nevada where oranges and dairy cows appear to be as tonnable as people,
at least one big city item creates a little excitement.
Surveillance cameras asked on that card of the portable chamber of commerce offhand I couldn't tell you.
With a recent arrest of that woman in Indiana, Madeleine, who made security camera videotape beating her eyes across America,
has drawn new attention.
But what security and privacy specialists have long known might surprise people in towns like this.
These surveillance equipment is everywhere not just in big cities and in obvious places like Times Square,
or outside the White House, but also in Puerto Villacallifonia and Monsieur Walker Indiana and hundreds of other places.
More often than not, private rather than public cans are controlling the lenses as was the case in the Indiana parking lot.
There is the very deep notion of private property in our culture that if you can own it, you can do what you want with it.
So William Staples, a University of Kansas Sociology professor who's written two books about surveillance,
that is contributed to the proliferation of surveillance cameras on the private side.
It's only since 9-11 that the public side has been catching up with what the private sector has been doing for a long time.
There has been much discussion since 9-11, the growing role of government as big brother,
with law enforcement agencies turning to tools like face recognition technology at airports and close circuit TV systems in public buildings.
But Staples and other surveillance experts suggest the general debate should include tiny brothers,
a term he and others use to describe the many private security cameras that most people don't think about or quietly tolerate.
Tiny brothers might be less known, but they disturb people to worry about civil liberties.
I don't know if we want to uncover everything that goes on Staples, say the cameras function as a net widening effect catching all kinds of activities they may not have been intended to catch.
The Security Industry Association estimates that at least 2 million close circuit TV systems are in the U.S.
A survey of Manhattan in 1998 by the ACLU found that 2397 cameras on fixed on places where people pass or gather like stores and sidewalks,
all but 270 were all operated by private entities the organization reported.
CCS International Company that provides security and monitoring services calculated last year that the average person was recorded 73 to 75 times a day in New York City.
We went out and counted every camera we could find said REL Jamil, like company spokeswoman, some have dummy cameras, but the real one is looking at you from a different direction.
In Porterville, four cameras are mounted above the entrance to Walmart.
Mervance has one outside of one inside its front door, some dangled above the towers and banks on Olive Avenue,
and others capture images of visitors and patients strolling the halls at Sierra View District Hospital.
The town's biggest employer, the Walmart Distribution Center, is cameras perched like pigeons on its warehouses.
The list goes on and it's growing. For about a year Tom Barcellos and dairy farmers had been watching his employees in a milking parlor on the outskirts of town.
A few months ago he turned the video tapes on to resolve a dispute that ended in a shoving match between two employees,
pleased with the result Barcellos is adding cameras to monitor what goes on outdoors on his farm, which has about 800 cows.
You never know when those cows are going to do something you have to have on tape.
You wouldn't believe.
It is more or less a precautionary thing, something to fall back on. He said, I understand the arguments against them,
but I don't worry because I'm not doing anything wrong. I consider it security. The people with the biggest problems seem to have a guilty conscience and have something to hide.
One of the U.S. biggest suppliers of video security equipment, Pelco, is based in nearby Clovis, California.
Company officials said that commercial uses for the equipment far off numbered public uses, even with new concerns about terrorism.
Law enforcement officials almost everywhere have encouraged this trend. Video tape images generally strengthen criminal cases and take a big load off the investigators trying to piece together with crime.
Staples, the Kansas professor said that public attitudes about the cameras had changed and tended to be too generational.
When he speaks about his research to older audience, he said he inevitably hears cries of outrage and complaints about the infringement of civil liberties.
Younger audiences like a high school philosophy class he addressed recently are far more accepting having grown up with images of Rodney King being beaten by LA police officers and reality TV shows like Big Brother that extol camera driven voyeurism.
The 9-11 attacks have also created the sense that it's unpatriotic to oppose surveillance.
In Quincy, California, tiny mountain town in rural Pullman County, a three-term county supervisor is facing a recall by his constituents because of his stance on surveillance cameras.
The supervisor Robert Meeker unplugged some surveillance equipment set up by the Sheriff Department that he mused press of last July.
It apparently was intended to monitor drug sales.
Meacher has since apologized for having used some extreme language in criticizing the Sheriff's Department's tactics and said he might not have opposed the equipment if somebody had told him about it in advance.
Nevertheless, the recall petition accuses him of being against law enforcement and many people in the Sheriff's Department are still angry with him.
The very fact that you raise a question makes you suspect makes you anti-American.
How do you like that? So if you're against surveillance cameras, even if they're looking deep into your anti-American man, this is the new thing.
I say let's dig up Joe McCarthy and bring them back.
On second thought, we don't need him.
What do we need him for when we got Trent Lott?
He's a piker.
A congressman who questioned US efforts to link your rack to the al-Qaeda terrorist network should come home and keep his mouse shut, sent him an early, their Trent Lott's idea.
Did you see him? He was filming at the mouth. He was, had his pom-poms fallen.
Representative Jim McDermott, Democrat of Washington, who's one of three house members visiting Iraq, towards your Iraqi officials to avert war by allowing you and weapons inspectors back in.
As act that irresponsibly Lott said, for him to be in Baghdad, the center, one of the most dangerous dictators in the world, with all kinds of weapons of mass destruction, to be questioning the veracity of our own American president is the height of irresponsible.
And I notice they quoted his illiteracy correctly.
It's the height of irresponsible said, Lott Republican of Mississippi, he needs to come home and keep his mouse shut and the screwing up all our plans.
Yeah. McDermott said President Bush is going to be hosting Iraqi leaders, Saddam Hussein is overshadowed efforts to get Iraq to give up weapons of mass destruction, which Baghdad and I is having.
He also questioned Bush administration officials' recent contentions that Iraq and al-Qaeda are linked.
Why do they keep coming back to this issue and keep trying to hook the Iraqis into that, McDermott asked on CNN's late addition with Wolf Flitz Krieg?
I quite didn't really, is why do they want the regime changed? I'd much rather have disarmament here. And what they're doing is really setting up the throughout Saddam Hussein.
McDermott went further in interview with ABCs this week. I think the president would mislead the American people, he said.
His statements also drew sharp response from Lott's deputy in the Senate GOP leadership, Senator Don Nichols Republican of Oklahoma.
McDermott and other two congressmen visiting Iraq, representative David Bonn, your Democrat Amishigan, and representative Mike Thompson in California were taking the line of the Baghdad government, Nichols told ABC.
Congress is moving toward a vote on whether to give the president the power to take military action against Iraq, if he refuses to comply with you in resolution demanding give up weapons of mass destruction.
Senator John McCain of Arizona called the Iraqi operator, will all inspectors to return a bit of a charade.
And the beat goes on. Don't be on patriotic, okay? And get back here and shut up your pie hole said Trent Law.
Shut your pie hole, God damn it. He is, he was actually foaming at the mouth.
Or maybe he ate some bad Chinese pie. The refined uranium cut by Turkish police. Now I'm sure you heard about this story. Yes.
Well, guess what? It was much to do about, well, I'm not saying much to do about nothing, but it was a fraction of what they originally said it was.
Not that they want to get people psychotic. It weighed far less than originally thought an official source in Southwestern Turkey.
Say, yesterday it was originally believed that the Turkish parliamentary police had seen over 15 kilograms of weapons grade uranium in the operation that also resulted in the detention two men accused of smuggling the substance.
The actual weight of uranium turned out to be hundreds of grams, a fraction of the initial estimate.
Grams not kilograms. Uranum is to be sent to for tested the local atomic energy agency.
The two suspects were brought before a judge Saturday night charge with the illegal sale of material officers in the Southwestern province of Samliurfa bordering Syria 250 miles from the 250 kilometers from the Iraqi border. What is that? 150 miles.
Racting on a tip off when they stopped the taxi cab and discovered the uranium inlet container hidden beneath the vehicle's seat.
The Antolian news agency said Saturday.
The incident came at a time of omnipotent speculation the U.S. could attack neighboring Iraq for his alleged program of weapons and mass destruction.
Officials and anchors of atomic energy institute would not confirm they'd been notified about the material.
Our investigation on whether the uranium was destined for neighboring countries continuing a Samliurfa police official was quoted as saying by an Atolian.
It was a fraction of what they said. Not that that's good, but it was like a teeny tiny fraction of what they said.
How's that pull coming, fatso? Oh, sorry. They don't like fat. Now see this is bogus again. Here they go. They're off to the races again to cranks.
You notice that? I don't know.
250 votes. Which of these do you think best defines who you are? Sure because as soon as I said your physical appearance obviously is not correct.
And I give all those magnificent examples right off the bat it took off. Now not as hysterically as usual because now they're trying to be a little bit more quay about it.
You're not feeling not fooling us. Okay, Danny. Now you're other little boyfriends. You're not fooling us. Idiots.
Your physical appearance 61, which should be in last place, your political beliefs 6 to 53, which ought to be second, your gender 47, which has nothing to do with anything.
Your nationality 44, which also has, I mean, your nationality you could originally be from Croatian and you could have lived like in Holland for 10 years and you could have lived in England for 15 years. So what's your nationality?
Whatever. Well, that's the point. Your sexual orientation 18, your religion 14 and your race be having only 13. Well, thank God for that.
I don't want to have a bunch of racial crap on this show. That's the last thing that we want or need or can afford to have. Don't forget come by the Castaway seafood company located on the corner of University in Griffin Road tonight.
6 to 8 p.m. George will be there Carlos will be there Miguel will be there because there's free drinks. I mean, drink specials. He'll have free the QM prize.
They'll be there with some really crappy and bursting prizes and great food and drink specials also but can't at the what is it cast away seafood tonight?
They love you there. I'll tell you that they do. They're obsessed. You can meet in the spot. It's the last spot on the show today.
Everybody be sure to stick around for the last spot and 150 12 foot when it is well, I love them.
I'm sure that they mentioned that you're going to be there. The whole spot is about you and how much they love you and also speaking of race and schwarxes are invited as well.
Even when George is there because they love you. A family call them all the way up in Kendall because they heard about me talking about it over the summer.
Darkies. Yeah, Jamaicans know less. All right. We like those and don't they like like catfish? I didn't ask.
Crawfish, catfish, things that like crawl like around on the bottom. Bottom feeders. 12 minutes after 11 at 560 WQA and mattress shopping is a total waste of time.
The old fashioned way. A lot of things you can't help doing the old fashioned way. You know, just one way to do things.
But mattress shopping that's ancient that went out with like high button shoes and white bucks.
The answer is the your telephone. That's how you shop for a great new mattress by calling dial a mattress.
If you're still free, one 800 mattress, dumb that old fat boy told you to call, they'll get a real chuckle out of that.
They'll say, Hey, how's the still we going around over there and you say, Yeah, he's still we're still we going around and still dropping tracks.
One 800 mattress, you picked the kind of mattress you like the top brand name in the world.
They got them all. Serta, Celi, Simmons, King, Cora, you picked today in the two hour window for delivery.
Whenever it's convenient for you, you won't you never have to worry about sitting on your ass all day praying that somebody might show up running for the window and looking and looking.
Are they here yet? Because you know, if you say noon to two, believe me, they'll be there between noon and two and again any day, seven days a week.
And they give you that 30 day home comfort trial to check out you know, actress, the smart way by sleeping on it.
And exceptionally though, unbeatable every day prices, which your department and bedding store will never come close to.
Because when you do business with down on mattress, you don't have to pay somebody pay for a gigantic big overhead.
One 800 mattress caught them right now and tell them that old Neo purdy to call.
One 800 MAT TRES or check them out of the way of at mattress.com.
CMI and low. This is sports waiting for five six. You way. Yeah.
Mike, come to me. I've no need. Good morning.
On a home lies at the heart of the American dream.
It serves as the foundation of many Americans financial security.
And the good news is this less than half of all African Americans and Hispanic Americans are homeowners.
We must prevent minorities from owning a piece of the American dream.
So I have asked the Congress to join me in creating a second obstacle to minority home ownership.
Permanent complexity and difficulty of the purchasing process.
But government action isn't enough. That is why I've challenged the real estate industry leaders to join with the government.
In a major nationwide effort to increase obesity but unscrupulous lenders.
With an overriding and urgent mission, prevent minorities from owning a piece of the American dream.
And we are doing just that. Thank you for listening.
And you're welcome. Look at the markets making a big comeback.
What did I tell you? That was only down 168 points.
That's good. And then as they're only down 30.
What's going to happen in the next decade? It's down under a thousand.
You know, it's 11. What is 1169 right now?
What's going to happen when it gets back down under a thousand?
People are going to be jumping off tall buildings. What you think? Yeah, that's right.
They're going to be crappin' their red drawers.
Maria, Maria Coco, or Coco, whatever her name is, writes in Common Dreams News Center.
Democratic leaders advocate on war policy and she's right.
This was in News Day.
We've seen the soul of the Democratic Congressional leadership. It is empty.
The grave and unanswered questions that leading Democrats and highly respected Republicans raised about going to war against Iraq have gone mostly unanswered.
So Congress is ready to march toward Baghdad.
A congressional resolution is to give President George W. Bush the premature overwhelming bipartisan support for an offensive military action of unknown duration with uncertain allied support devoting could start this week.
All of the word will be changed here. There are a comma added or deleted.
This is to make it seem as though caution and upcompetulation drives these lawmakers.
It is a lie. The point is to get on with it.
The war of this war is connected to the basis type of politics that representative Dennis Kassinit of Ohio was waging a lonely struggle in the house against authorization for war.
Fewer than two dozen colleagues have stood publicly with him.
Bush's intent to turn the upcoming congressional elections into a referendum on his military and security leadership is plain.
If the President's demand for a war vote before November was insufficient proof, his comment at New Jersey fundraiser that send Democrats are not interested in the security of the American people should lay any doubt.
With the stock market in the tank,
Retarmant dreams disappearing, job losses in the millions, budget deficits growing in middle class income shrinking.
There's not much else for Bush to crawl about. Democrats very much want to get back to these unpleasant topics and to make sure that they do nothing that allows Republicans to paint them as timid peacenicks of Vietnam, narrow village.
And that my fellow Americans is the justification for this war vote at this time.
Republicans wait to cost the American blood and treasure against the benefit of steering another Bush fear of nasty economic patch.
Let me try that again. Republicans wait to cost the American blood and treasure against the benefit of steering Bush clear of another nasty economic patch.
Democrats balance them against the enticement of campaign ads about Enron.
Poor Al Gore, he raised him to San Francisco speech. The very concerns about an Iraqi invasion voiced just weeks ago by Republicans such as Senators Richard Luger and Chuck Hagel, the Gore seemed out of sync.
Someone forgot to tell him it's unfastened to allow to think.
Cousinus and a small band of congressional naysayers are left to provide relief from this tragic abdication and responsibility.
Cousinus is no political powerhouse. He's the type of quirky congressman who tends to be loved at home but commands little notice in Washington.
His official website notice notice notice a note probably that he's one of the few vegans in Congress or you should like him not nonetheless.
And here's the good news. Never less it provides a helpful link to the sausage shop in Cleveland current special eight brats eight buns eight bucks.
How do you like that? I like that special eight brats eight buns eight bucks. Yeah.
And you know how much I love my brow words. I'm going to Cleveland.
The nation came to know Cousinus is the boy mayor of Cleveland or forgot his name after he was forced from office after one controversial term.
He mounted to come back and want to see by ousting a Republican incumbent after new king which his contract with America proved to be too much for the middle class district.
Cousinus since early the cynical turn this war debate would take in March when Bush declared that politics audits stay out of fighting a war Cousinus beg to differ.
Before we celebrate an imperial presidency he said in the floor speech let him be said that the lack of free and open political process, the lack of free and open political debate and the lack of free and open political descent can be fatal in the democracy.
Few listen then or hear Cousinus now. He creates a knowing static best tuned out. Of course Cousinus might gain a respectful ear if he reminded fellow politicians that he is a liberal who wins an ethnic Reagan Democrat neighborhood.
A congressman from a coveted swing district and a coveted swing state. That's an argument to crass for him but not for the rest of them.
Very good article by Marie Coco in news day.
Did the beast ever show up for his black sack?
Uh huh. What about to start rooting through it?
The beast never showed up for his black sack which indicates to me that after being on vacation for a week and missing the way in last Thursday that just maybe there can be only one of two reasons that he has never seen.
He showed his disgusting round ass little pus in there and number one he went off the wagon eight of us a crap put some weight back on or number two.
He's too embarrassed to he has been intimidated into a position. He don't want to come in there and tell a real story about why he's not producing that morning show anymore or both of the above three possibilities there.
What do you think? I love eating nuts.
He just showed up. The only drop I have of him. Oh it sounded sounded live. It sounded live.
He's busy eating maybe stirring his nuts for the winter time. I don't know. Maybe with the lost all I wait maybe actually found him.
So the beast hasn't shown up today which is a very very disturbing piece of news. Okay. I just mentioned that in passing pizza off the brand new and plantations open right now.
Get yourself get your ass in there for lunch. You can be one of the early diners. How much of the put on a good dog and pony show for you.
They can be all kinds of inside stories about what a proverb George is.
William Sapphire. You notice how many columns I'm reading today by conservative people. Right.
Pat Buchanan. Bill O'Reilly on OJ and William Sapphire. Hardly a weaving liberal.
Right in the New York Times today selling our secrets. He says they never learn. Remember a couple of years ago the scandals about the way corporate giants like Hughes electronics and Laurel space led by democratic can be a big democratic contribute.
So secret US satellite technology to Chinese aerospace companies and semiconductor manufacturers. Remember how right wingers like me got all worked up about our short-sighted government and Vinal executives placing the interest of international trade over the needs of national defense.
I'm ashamed to report that the Bush administration is getting ready to let our ever hungry multinationals do the same thing this time. However, it would all be legalized.
If current legislation Senate bill 149 the export administration act being urged by the White House to be passed American executives would not would be encouraged to sell the fruits of their most advanced research to foreign nationals who may not wish as well.
The arguments used by the merchants of American defense technology one selling technology overseas that is mass marketed here helps bring down our unit cost at home as well as benefits business to were only selling it for good use is even though it's dole use could help them penetrate our defenses and three foreign availability they could always buy something almost as good from the Germans of the French.
What's more say the sell anybody anything advocates in the Clinton Bush Commerce Department because we have an embargo on sales to Iraq relaxed export rules won't help Sodom last things first Iraq buys do it use nuclear components through cutouts who would easily buy them from us take ice drank aluminum tubes for example which can be used in bicycles but a thousand of them in easily hidden gas center of you just can produce enough weapons great uranium for one nuclear bomb every year under the proposed law country like Russia or Jordan could buy ours and resell them to Sodom with no weapons inspector the wiser.
You like the composite glass fibers near tennis racket a sinister uses to form the rotors of those centrifuges and their export has been controlled for nearly 20 years no more of those would sell our technology to multi ferris middleman have their way know what our embargo on shipments to a rack stop our leakage of secrets China's who I technology is which could have been built for a decade without export technology violated you and embargo by selling fiber optic products to Sodom he now uses them in his air defense system to jeopardize US pilots.
We shouldn't fall for the do it use dodge Germany's Siemens reported Gary Milholin of the watchdog Wisconsin project legally sold Sodom cry a crytonic switches which doctors now use to destroy kidney stones when Iraq then sought 120 more spare parts it dawned on Siemens that the switches are also used in setting off the chain reaction in nuclear weapons push can say that in his 2000 campaign he promised business leaders to lift export controls but that was before 9 11 now those controls which worked well for decades against the so many other countries.
The Soviets need strengthening not weakening perhaps our national security council beginning pressure from Indian Pakistan each of which wants our missile technology by accommodating these nuclear powers and my game to allies but will make the world a hell of a lot more dangerous America doesn't need this dirty business that amounts to only a few billion dollars in sales and its military misuse through copycat reverse engineering a Chinese specialty cost American taxpayers far more than that to defend against a handful of hardline senators John Kyle Jesse Helms Richard Shelby John McCain at friend Thompson wrote bush this
month to stop pushing this bill this year the origin said that he create a new bill that strikes the right balance between national security and trade listed cause public divisions among strong supporters of your administration at the time on cohesiveness is an absolute necessity some old hands remember the predations of yesterday new comers have to be reminded rights bill sapphire and today's New York time.
How do you like that huh while it's have a couple more yeah let's put you know it's the old push with one hand and pull back with the other you know push and pull and push and pull
same old crap 26 after 11 at 560 WQM speaking the same old crap that QAM copy but that Muff is doing it are we doing it since he came back to the station no are we really on top of things we're doing it baby Muff the Muffmeister don't be picking on her occasions under a lot of stress.
Let me tell you if you're under a lot of stress if you haven't trouble staying healthy because of the fact that there's only allergies and the humidity in the crap in the year here's a good product for you only a minute it contains the best olive oil on the planet along with vitamins and minerals and rubles to pull on health for different parts of your body there's one only a mid supplement specifically decide to help your heart one for your blood pressure for your cholesterol one for your prostate and that easy to take soft gel capsule just pop in your puts they also make supplements to promote health in your circulatory system your digestive end of consistent and your bones your skin even your mind all using the benefit of the
benefits of that nifty olive oil and all your meds products for men and ladies as well you can pick it up all over town now and the only a mid to find some in whole food markets wall greens in fact picks them up from Marcy Walgreens before you pop into the pizza lot for lunch
so not always in a world pharmacies to more information the call you made tool free at one eight six six only a mid that's one eight six six only a mid which you can also order on their website if you like it all you met America dot com
right and local here sports radio five sixes you a yeah beyond God coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story we take a good hard stiff look and to start them when a woman has only one hit song she can either give up the business and work in retail or simply marry Paul Simon and give a big
view to the world way to go
you to the world
what I am is what I am you what you are well well I remember when I first recorded what I am I have been playing the clubs with my band the new bohemians of course and well
yeah that's really interesting he eats so what's Paul Simon like in the sack what he seems like kind of a nebush you know but sometimes of short
neurotic guys have a pretty decent package look could we out of respect talk about music okay I'm sorry let's talk about music okay thank you that Paul Simon sure is some songwriter I love you can call me out
hey hey look cut that out you're right Edie I'm sorry let's talk about you all right then as I was saying one of fucking brilliant idea I mean you have one
hit you can tell your career is going down the tube so what do you do you bang a legend my hats off to you babe you know what I am
going to sue you people tell the truth as Garfunkel ever come over for three way go to hell eat your keel it's so easy to piss her off it's a big juicy
stopping wet look at your business tonight on inside the behind didn't use to live on for kill Avenue I think I wish I should
get it is great I was there getting better and better those I know 1131 at 560 W.C.
thanks Carlos for the national inquirer update on a Rodney no problem Rodney danger field freely admits that a recent
inquirer report that he smoked a joint in a hospital's intensive care unit is completely true but he says he's got a perfectly reasonable
explanation my wife won't let me get high at home he says right to each of them we reported exclusively and we headed here on the show of course
that Rodney's wife Joan was the 80 year old comic the St. John's Health Center in Santa Monica because he feared he was having a heart attack
and he's done hospital staffers by faring up a marijuana joint while changing his clothes in the ICU marijuana comes Rodney's
nerves that is spokesman Kevin Susaki who reveal his is a Zaggede who reveal that his office was flooded by calls all of
them positive after the inquirer story hit the stand all right everyone want to tell you go Rodney he's become a hero of sorts
right on Rodney has a medical history of heart problems and he finds that smoking grass helps to lower his blood pressure right now keeping his blood
pressure lows an important part of Rodney's life the comical even write about his love affair with partners upcoming memoir and a easy being me Susaki Zagaki
disclosed Rodney was released from the hospital when doctors determined that his chest pains were not life threatening but by that time he had already
given everyone around him a dose of his medicine when hospital personnel complained of the smoke Rodney thought it was a right he warned
everybody to join in the funnestorous reveal he told me he's been token up for nearly 50 years he said I was a hippie long before hippies were born Rodney
city's been rolling his own joints for ages now and doesn't intend to stop just because he's a senior citizen smoking weed is something he's not ashamed
over tries to hide the was doctors haven't prescribed marijuana as part of his medical treatment Rodney says he writes his own
pot prescription he told a friend it makes me feel good what's so wrong with a funny man wanting to feel good where
pod is concerned Rodney would rather kick the bucket then kick the habit is what it says in the inquiries that we know it's got to be true
it told you you go Rod you go boy boy oh boy I wonder what the president the DEA would say about that yeah that's what they would say they
be gnashing their teeth again we're fighting for freedom baby everybody except our own this is a great piece did you read this yeah that's why I
said I was going to write a whole bunch of stars across the process and you should write a 10 real the case for regime change now when you listen to this of course I know some of you are a little bit
a little bit like that so you're not going to understand it this is tongue in cheek 10 real raw RAL
tell RAL raw raw Lurals
Ted Raw's latest book a graphic travel about his recent coverage of the Afghan war was titled to
Afghanistan and back is now the second edition of yadi yadi so anyway he writes this tongue in cheek piece war cry the case for
regime change New York making the case for United Nations intervention against the United States Iranian president
Mohammed Katami told the organization yesterday that military action will be unavoidable unless the US agrees to destroy its
weapons of mass destruction in a much anticipated speech to a special session in the wind general assembly held in Brussels
Kutami launched a blistering attack against American leader George W Bush accusing him of defying you and resolutions and using his
country as well to line the pockets of wealthy cronies at a time when the people in this country make do without such basic
social programs as national health insurance nearly two years ago the civilized world watches this evil and corrupt dictator
subverted the world's oldest representative democracy in an illegal coup d'tat of Kutami since then the Bush regime has continued
to mercassistimatic repression of ethnic and religious minorities and threatened international peace and security throughout the world
thousands of political opponents and ordinary citizens have been subjected to arbitrary arrest and imprisonment basic
civil liberties have been violated this rogue state has clouded the international community on legal economic and
environmental issues it's even ignored the Geneva conventions on the treatment of prisoners of war by denying that it's illegal
invasion of Afghanistan which has had a destabilizing influence throughout central Asia was a war at all.
Kutami said the US possesses the world's largest arsenal of nuclear weapons weapons that when first developed were used
immediately to kill a half a million in instance of it in just months after requiring them no nation that's committed
nuclear genocide can be entrusted with weapons of mass destruction.
Bush has invaded Afghanistan is now threatening Iraq we cannot stand by and do nothing while danger
gathers we can't wait for this tarantist strike first we have an obligation to back to the preemptively to protect the
world from this evil doer Kutami said as delegates punctuated his words with burst of applause Kutami noted that US intelligence agencies
had helped establish and fund the world's most virulent terrorist organizations including Al-Qaeda and the Taliban regime that harbor them.
The US created the Islamist extremist who attacked its people on 9-11 he stated and Bush's illegitimate junta cynically exploited those
attacks to repress political dissidents making sweetheart deals with politically connected corporations and revived 19th century
style colonial imperialism. Kutami asked the UN to set a deadline for Bush to step down in favor of president and exile Al Gore,
illegitimate winner of the 2000 election in the result of which were subverted through widespread voting
and regularities and intimidation. We favor not regime change but rather restoration and liberation he said.
In addition Kutami said the US must dismantle its weapons of mass destruction, guarantee basic human rights to all citizens and
degree to abide by international law or face the consequences. Most observers agree that those consequences
would likely include a prolonged bombing campaign targeting major US cities and military installations followed by a ground invasion led by European forces.
Civilian casualties would likely be substantial said a French military analyst but the American people must be liberated from tyranny.
Kutami changes, charges which were detailed in a dossier prepared by French president Joshua Rock.
We're dismissed by representative of the American strongman his lies, half truth and misguided beliefs motivated by the desire to control a country with oil, natural gas and other natural resources.
National security minister Condoleezza Rice denied that the US maintains weapons of mass destruction and invited UN inspectors to visit Washington to see for themselves that are weapons they're designed only to keep the peace, subject of course to full respect for American sovereignty.
The UN has expected to reject any conditions for or restrictions on arms inspections.
Experts believe that the liberation of the US will require a large ground force of European and other international troops followed by a massive rebuilding program costing billions of euros.
Even before Bush the American political system was a shambles said professor Salvatore D'Aluno of the University of Madrid their single party plutrocursy will have to be reshaped into two parliamentary style democracy.
Moreover the economy will have to be retooled from its current military dictatorship model in which a third of the federal budget goes to arms and taxes are paid almost exclusively by the working class to one in which basic human needs such as education and poverty are addressed.
The infrastructure is a mess they don't even have a national passenger train system fixing a failed state of the size will require many years.
What a great piece added. Thank you so much whoever sent this war cry of the case for regime change by 10 raw that should be on our website immediately on its way.
It is a fact that it now does mean it's going to be on our website just because it's on the one on its way to Eric.
I see I don't want to like jump all over his ass but boy he sure has been a little uh a porky lately and on.
Maybe that's of course he can't hear us anyway because he can't hear the show his internet connection is still screwed up he has issues.
What does that mean he has issues where in Florida remember?
Oh that's right he's in Orlando he's got issues.
Uh huh maybe he needs tissues to have to guide them uh grease office plus instead of issues.
Maybe ought to be watching that show on the Sunday tissues and answers to a 99 votes the next one will make 300 on our pool.
Which of these say I don't think they get it.
Which of these do you think best defines who you are your physical appearance 68 is leading which would be in last place.
Your political belief 65 your gender 54 your nationality 51 your sexual orientation 24 your race 20 and your religion 17.
See everybody reads that and thinks uh interpret it in a different way like I did.
Well well how do you interpret it?
Yeah obviously I think about sex all the time and I think about food a lot too but if one of the options on here was a gourmet I wouldn't necessarily pick that.
So in other words would you say that you're tasting food best defines who you are nobody would say that exactly but I think about food a lot.
Here's the deal air food and water and sex those are the four things that are necessities right survival.
Okay so how can they define you?
I beg your pardon sex is one of the necessities of life.
So your sexual orientation and see most people out there probably say well you know everybody's straight so it's like it's like a given.
Everybody is straight everybody's the same on that scale of 10.
I presume that the homosexuals think about sex you know as much a lot right as the rest of us do a lot.
A lot just like all you got them heteros.
Sam straight oh sorry 20 to noon at 560.
I'll tell you this show is flying by and maybe one of these days maybe muffled a develop a little cahole.
He'll go in here and he'll sit down on a screw and desk and he'll open up his pants and drop a big load on her.
That's what he ought to do I told him to do that.
Just go back there and take a big dump right on her desk.
She probably think lots was early you know.
Bitch disgusting smelly nasty do it and of course they're all self-satisfied they're going to Vegas because they made budget in July and August.
Big thinking deal okay.
Flock myster's purveyors of schlock.
People don't want to service what you sell anybody can sell okay that's the bottom line anybody can sell service what you sell right.
Can we do it?
No.
Can we care about doing it?
No.
Will we ever do it?
No.
So what are you screaming about?
That sounds good.
Nothing ever going to change because we got a couple and what about clearance do you ever see him anymore?
I thought in his office right now on my way to the bathroom.
He's in his orifice does he have his head in it?
You see basically these guys have thrown in the towel they've given up and to me that's a pretty sorry state of affairs when you got to not one but now we got two people who can back each other up who can stand side by side arm and arm.
Look short as making the call themselves and writing the copy themselves.
What are they going to do?
They're going to tell that unless we get some stuff that we're going to start scratching it out.
All right.
When in doubt we're going to scratch it out.
I have screamed.
I have yelled. I jumped up and done.
I mean, it's one thing to go to the lawn and say, okay, I'll be shot too.
But how should I lock in you be before you finally say this is not right.
This is getting really frickin' ponderous.
Even the casey case would be embarrassed.
It's getting effing ponderous, man.
Is your conscience acting up again?
No.
20 to noon at 560 WQM for now.
For now?
For years you've heard us talk about diets.
Well, see there we go again with that fat thing.
What do you look like or are you a fat slump?
People are desperate to lose weight and there's one store that's going to help you do it.
With all the Atkins products and that's the Lights of West Bokeh.
That's where they got every Atkins product ever invented.
And this is still the leader.
Anywhere as far as the store is concerned.
You go into your supermarket, they got maybe one aisle or a half an aisle.
Where they got a few diet products.
The Lights of West Bokeh's got nothing but low carbon, no carbon, the sugar free products.
Can you imagine a little low carbon, no fat delicious scoop of ice cream on a hot day like today?
Is it hot?
A ton.
How about over a thousand low carbon, no sugar products just ready for you to taste.
Because if the Lights of West Bokeh you can always try it before you buy it before you reach into your wallet.
And if the lights is 25% off all Atkins products all the time.
That's kind of like the river philosophy of life. Try lunch before you buy it.
From candies to cookies to snacks to breads to vitamins, the Lights of West Bokeh's got it all.
With more great stuff arriving every day like the newly controlled carb brownies.
Oh man, they just got in with four delicious flavors.
Peanut, coconut, classic and cherry.
I can't wait for you to try those.
And they taste like your grandma's recipe too.
The Lights of West Bokeh located on the North East corner of Glades Road and 441 in Bokeh.
Open something, you know something I haven't had some good brownies in years.
Hmm, that's unless night.
Brownie Hound, fresh baked.
They're open till 10 at the the Lights of the Days Weekend column.
And they're at toll free number 1, 877 low carb.
And you know what else I haven't had in a long time?
Fudge.
Or check them out on their website if you like it.
Locatarb.com
My and locals, this is 440560.
You ain't too way yet.
Man, this I f*** them out!
There's an old saying that says,
Boomi wants to shame on you.
Can't get fooled again.
Last time we were in Iraq, I guess we failed.
Seems the more we snoop, the less we've found.
Hiding all is nuclear.
Capabilities.
Disappointing our inspection teams.
Cause we got our face.
Then he's in to see the,
there won't be a trace.
If we go back this time,
we're out of luck.
It's easy to see,
there won't be a damn thing we'll ever find.
He thinks we are more or less idiots.
Thinking he can hide the stuff he's got.
What's the use of searching?
What we got again?
Don't you know you can't try side down outside?
Cause we got our face.
Then he's in to see the,
there won't be a trace.
If we go back this time,
we're out of luck.
It's easy to see.
We'll be a damn thing, we'll ever find.
No.
LM46, look at this.
Robert Puracelli made dropout of the center race in the Jersey.
It was a poll over the weekend in the Newark Star ledger that showed him 13 points behind his Republican opponent.
And of course he's been in a bot on that scandal taking illegal gifts from a donor.
So Robert Puracelli made breakout and the Democrats are squaring around.
They got a couple of other people lined up. Good luck to them.
Maureen Dowd speaking of that says why because we can in the yesterday's New York Times.
Now you're going to have to listen carefully to this.
Okay.
Stick your ear to the radio because it's a back and forth conversation kind of a thing.
It's cute.
Washington, the boy Emperor's head hurt.
All the oppressive obligations of statecraft were swimming through his brain like hungry Koi.
He's some of the imperial war to the oval throne.
I'm confused why is Ramy, he confessed, is the war preemptive, preventive, or preventable.
Is Sodom fissile or fissible?
One creation is counter proliferation. Everything's moving so fast it's a puzzlement. Why are we mad at Sodom?
Because he wants to attack our country, the Mandarin replied. Why the boy pressed?
Because we want to attack his country, the tutor said. Why the boy was insatiable?
Because Sodom tried to destroy your dad. Why? Because your dad tried to destroy Sodom. Why?
Because he's evil. Why? Because he's pretending to go along with inspections so we can get bombs. Why?
Because we're pretending to go along with inspections so we can bomb. What is our smoking gun against Sodom?
Reply Hazey asking again later. Why do you sound like a magic eight ball teacher?
We don't have the intelligence on a rack or we don't want to talk about it you decide.
But can we really tie our kite into Sodom? Goodness gracious, how cut is dangerous? It rack is dangerous.
We have to connect the dots to the future, not dwell on the dots of the past. It's unhelpful again in bloodlotted detail because it just changes our capabilities.
I don't understand. It's not possible to find hard evidence that something's going to happen down the road because you will have known it happened only after it happens.
It's very difficult to get perfect evidence before an event occurs. We even after it occurs, preemption requires only pre evidence.
You flipped your kite, run me the boy and for a while, get me condy.
The problem with it, run me continue ignoring the boys out first, is that when intelligence is gathered it's gathered at the moment.
And then that moment passes, then there's the next moment in the moment after that.
It is not possible to know whether the information that was accurate is still accurate to follow me.
But are we just killing our own Frankenstein monster teacher? Didn't we help build up Sodom when he was fighting Iran and Osama when he was fighting the Soviets?
How do we know which people we like now might someday do something that we would hate if we knew what they might do?
Holy Mackerel, my young Patawan, the risk of doing nothing are greater than the risk of knowing nothing and doing something.
Why do we give intelligence to the terrorists and their jail cells instead of getting intelligence on the terrorists that put them in jail cells?
Our intelligence agencies are dumb. Why can't we make them smart? Because we're too busy planning more with Iraq.
Why are we attacking Iraq, which may someday team up with terrorists instead of Iran, which has already teamed up with terrorists?
Midterms. Multiple choice, right? I hate those SATs but haven't Pakistan and Saudi Arabia also supported terrorists. Those creeps are our creeps.
Can you explain the bush doctrine again? Rami, I have no idea what that word is.
We start with self defense, which is legitimate and journey up to anticipatory self defense, which has to do with history and real estate.
Then we follow the rising path of wisdom to prevention, which sounds something like more acceptable and preemption, which is about oil at $17 a barrel.
Is Tom National right that a war is political? Is the White House white? Why is President Gorbeneen against me again? He's unpaid triadic. We should give that guy a one way ticket to Guantanamo.
What's the difference between Guantanamo and Guantanamera? Gali.
Rami says, Sensei. S-E-N-S-E-I. What the hell is that? Sensei. Sensei. Sensei. Yeah. Oh, it's a Sensei, like a martial arts teacher.
Okay, well that's Rami. Well, only one word. That's not bad for Marine Dog Column. Pretty cute. Speaking of not too cute, here's the latest on Rosie.
She is pissed off and fired up, baby. We got the tabloids stuff coming. Rosie and then we got the brand new Oprah lost 80 pounds overnight.
And then we'll see on any American Idol scandal, too. American Idol exposed the first Rosie who's pissed off and fired up with the inquirer.
And paneled Rosie O'Donnell Quitter magazine because of the stress of fighting publishing executives was killing her sources the inquirer this week.
Suffering from anxiety attacks, crying, jags, and something and binge eating from a refusal to cave into the execs, Rosie was advised by a therapist to simplify her life by cutting her ties to Rosie magazine or face grave health problems.
You don't think she could have grave, but quitting the magazine is only brought on new stress. The car star could face $100 million plus lawsuit from magazine company.
Rosie was in the midst of a meltdown and her therapist told her to do what's best for her health source post to Rosie disclosed.
During Rosie's battle with the publisher of her magazine, she went into an emotional tailspin. She was having sudden anxiety attacks that caused her to hyperventilate and break down in tears.
Kelly Carpenter, Rosie's pregnant lesbian lover, is devoted to Rosie during her time of crisis at the source.
Kelly is doing what she can to be supportive and a comfort Rosie, but it's been difficult.
And Kelly is due to give birth the first week in December, so she has her own issues to deal with.
As the inquirer reported, Rosie recently thought she was getting her emotional problems under control. She had started taking the antidepressant drug prozac and it seemed to be working.
She's still taking prozac, said the source, but the stress over her battle with her magazine caused her to have some real bad problems.
Kelly tried to comfort her and gave Rosie settle down. Rosie shut herself in her room with a TV on an 8-Junk food. It's not the best way to cope with stress, but that's what she did.
In the midst of this nightmare, her therapist told her to uncomplicated her life to dump the things that are giving her stress, and the magazine was at the top of the list. Kelly was all for it.
In our Rosie's rebound, she's given up her therapy, said the source. She's built an arts and crafts room in her house, and she goes in there for hours and sings and dances.
When you love to see that, takes pictures, makes canvases, rips apart magazines, and does collages for the walls.
It really totally relaxes her. It's great work. Rosie's on the rebound, and Kelly couldn't be happier.
But not everybody close to Rosie was thrilled to see her quit the magazine. Her system of marine crimons was upset the close source revealed.
Marine and her husband Dan, who was Rosie's business manager, helped negotiate to deal with the magazine.
Marine begged Rosie not to quit. She pulled it out that it made room Rosie financially, but Rosie said she had no choice.
Now Rosie and Marine's relationship is strained. It's very painful to Rosie because of how close she was to Marine.
Rosie said, I love my sister and I love her husband. They'll be with me always no matter what happens.
Rosie, publisher Grunor and Jar claims the magazine was worth some hundred million dollars before she quit.
Plus the company's look is on the hook for another hundred million and subscription refunds will have to pay.
The publisher plans to sue Rosie for a huge sum saying she destroyed the magazine. Rosie's very wealthy, but I don't think she has two hundred million, said the source.
And the incident is article that echoes on with more of the same, but she rips the inquirer. Here comes some of the good stuff.
My relationship with Kelly is rock solid. We've been together through thick and thin for five years and we'll be together for 55 more.
Declare's Rosio Donald. Do you believe that you think they're going to be together for 55 more years? No.
55 more or less. Maybe she means days. I'm not talking about whether they're together. I'm not talking about the state of her health.
The inquirer recently published several stories about the popular entertainers, turbulent home life, including rumors of a breakup between Rosie and her pregnant long term lover, Kelly Carpenter.
The set the record dead, a dead straight Rosie stepped up for this exclusive in your face in queer interview.
There is no way that Kelly and I are breaking up. My family is stronger than ever and that's the absolute truth. I would never announce to America I'm with a person I intend to spend my life with and then break up a month later.
Don't you know anything about what I stand for when I believe in anyone who knows me knows I never argue with the truth?
I don't care people say I'm 300 pounds because I'm fat. I don't care if they say I'm gay. I don't care if they hate my haircut. I don't care if they say I'm going insane.
I don't even care if they say I'm the biggest bitch that ever walked the face of the earth. I think she's starting to get warm, you know what?
But the people who say Kelly and I are breaking up are just playing full of Schmidt and I won't put up with that.
We have three children and another one on the way. This is a family not some fly by night Hollywood fling. Any rumors that I'm unhappy or not just true, I left my show willing to spend more time with my family which is Kelly and those children and I'm ecstatically happy about it.
I'm looking forward with all my heart to being at Kelly's side at the birth of our next baby in December. Then we'll spend the coming years giving these children the best and most stable home they could possibly have.
Have you always thought that Rosie maybe belongs in a stable now that I'm no longer doing the TV show. I also plan to work tirelessly as an advocate for the welfare of children. That's my true calling in this life I believe.
I have that belief and I have Kelly and our family and our love. Some people make a big deal out of Kelly and I taking separate vacation with the children, but that's something we do every year. It's called separate bonding.
Kelly takes one child on a vacation for a week alone and I take the other this summer. I went to Alaska with Parker and Kelly went to the Caribbean with Chelsea.
Last year I took Chelsea to Disney World and Kelly took Parker to a dude range. We truly treasure this time alone with one of our children and don't want people to misinterpret it.
We'll continue to do whatever year it helps bring us a family and actually brings us closer.
Kelly and I are committed to each other as two people can be and we have a growing family to raise and care for.
People waiting for us to break up will be waiting a long time and by the way now she said I now weigh 212. Not 300 pounds, 212.
She's given her weight out which is more than I can say for some fat little fellow crap known as the beast whose persona absensia today.
How do you like that? Maybe he's got that persona and absensia. What maybe he has plans plans for what? I don't know lunch dinner, supper, snacks.
Because whatever his plans are they evidently don't entail whatever's in that little black sack and they don't tell coming in there and coming clean about what happened with his job. His very short live job is producer that morning show but actually it lasts long didn't it?
No, no demand. He was gone from there in a heartbeat. All he had to do that one time is make that comment about Moze Hairpiece and that was the end of him.
1156 at 560 WQAM. Speaking of Schmussi things like Moze Hairpiece if your carpets are also not looking all that good these days.
Here's the answer for you don't don't give up don't spend a ton of money on putting brand new carpeting down wall to wall because all you have to do is call the experts at dry concepts and they'll solve your problem for you no matter how desperate your carpets look and smell and feel right now.
Dry concepts will come in there and suck out the deep down dirt with their exclusive patented dry cleaning method nobody in the world does it and when they get done your carpets are drying a couple of hours they smell and they look like you just had brand new laid right there on the floor I've been using them in my house for over 20 years.
Everybody my relatives my friends my enemies everybody I know they're using dry concepts they give you written guaranteed price before they start the work so you're never going to have like a bad surprise at the end of the job only a big smile on your post.
They also do is to put us on beatable job cleaning your furniture and drapery spot dying fiber protection carpet repairs in plan or in a work service the
authorization and should a flood strike your home complete water damage restoration to the best in the universe give them a trial never use anybody else again in
Broward call dry concepts at 9 5 4 3 7 0 7 7 7 8 9 5 4 3 7 0 7 7 7 7 8 in later Palm Beach column tool 3 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 that's 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 don't forget you can clean today and entertain the night when you call dry concept my
love this is for 305 60 way away yeah the 12 to 1 hour or even here close my heads it's me Janet moves a granite green all and I am hot man I am
the key old just plain old half off what the name of Sam Hill happen is what I want to know first they had trouble with dangling chance now they got
these touchscreen job these that don't work worth a crap I think they got them from jet blue there's some of them old ones they
used to play electronic poker and I mean haven't step fancy this is voting it's serious I know that after the week how I will beat a
victor actually let me clarify I will still be Janet but I'll also be Victor capiche I got half a mind to get my red Toyota 4x4 pick up and head
down to Havana a load of some locals and put this thing over the tap the biggest problems were indeed in
Broward counties to my strongest areas I mean I personally slept over 4,000 men and women in those
aforementioned areas which should have shipped but instead I got to put a hold ski on my new victory party
ah hammers and nails I'm freaking not to mention in the middle of this whole mess a crap one of my beans went bad on me I'll bet you dollars to donuts that little bastard
Ilian Gonzalez had something to do with this either that or that Dan Marino I never bought into that whole ice a
Twitter glove daily bag you ain't heard the last from Janet boob's a granite renal Florida you go boy trouble one at five sixty WQ I'm
speaking of that I'm gonna save the Oprah stuff for a minute because I got a couple of education and economy wait
before you get into that I love eating nuts we have a breaking news we have a guest in the studio yes and
I'm back he's back okay and then how can you be back in new one what did you have a breakfast this morning I'm eating it right now
yeah you're gonna eat a lot really like maybe crow right now it's a matter oh don't eat the crow not on the show
let's save that for Mo Mo and the crow that's the room where I'm here in Mo and the crow and Joe and
Joe mama so did you get on the scale I did not is there a reason for that well I was just on a cruise
so I'm sure I gained about three hundred and twenty seven pounds you know for a guy that's desperately trying to lose it was
supposed to be the post to child for a very important sponsor of ours balance for life for a guy that we're
trying to save your life you sure seem to be going on off a lot of cruises these days you know and of course
what's one of the worst places you can go when you're trying to lose weight is on a freaking cruise when your
captive audience and there's not a goddamn thing to do except stuff you ugly face this is true but it was a
parents vacation so what you know my parents treated me to a vacation they were with you want to
make out of crews yeah yeah you know I hate to break the news to you mr. sunny but when a guy gets I
realize you went to the university of Miami which is a handicap to begin with but a guy gets to be your
age and takes his parents with him on vacations I they took him come on they paid for we
regardless so you're not getting on the scale till when I keep with the Friday schedule I thought it
was always Thursday but I was okay I know no we're not going anywhere no problem Friday's
Friday I definitely the extra way to purge purge and it's balanced for life combined with a
care and carpenter die we understand now what's the story about your morning producer job where
you're producing the ammo on Howard show this morning no no no don't play that thing that's
okay to cover your own pansy as storage don't be playing that for other people okay it's one
thing that you're such a pussy but don't put him in that category he's got a big mouth he's got one
of the biggest mouth in that whole building which is probably why he's not on that show what
what what what's the story on that is that true that you're not producing that show anymore that is true
and those that by your choice that is true not that I'm not by my choice but I'm not producing it
anymore okay we got we got to that is true we got that answer okay that is the first question right now
there was a second question is that by your choice no didn't you just tell me no didn't you say
that are you are you trying to retract the answer now I didn't say anything I didn't answer your
question yes you did no I didn't well then how about saying something is it by your choice did you
say I can't do the morning show because I have I need I have a schedule butter and I need the
other response I am doing a lot now that it's football no no that that isn't the question the
question is did you voluntarily leave producing the Mohawar show yes or no I love eating nuts yes or
no see you already answered the question before you let it slip out now now you're trying to
like put the answer back into the bottle it's like trying to stick the guy to M. Genie back in the
bottle when she's already out and was there a specific reason given for why you were
can from the morning show I can wait I got 55 minutes stupid oh seriously well what was the reason
oh if we only had television yeah what is he already in the push I've never seen a fat man in
that's like that when when he when he gets read in the post believe me because he says what he's
even lighter than you are he says why does a sheet of paper I got in front of me here so when he
gets read in the post boy it's like a lobster and his head is nicely I think it was a mutual
organizational decisions and you were involved in that decision okay well listen nice to have
you back son otherwise he got his ass can because I'm always like playing bush boss again first it
was Carolyn and now it's the beast and next it'll be guilty and anybody after that okay
because that's just the way it isn't at show there's one of those things
so it's been like I said nice having you back and all I can say is
is stupid oh oh oh let's rate more there you go okay nice hearing from you get out of here
don't don't be sucking him out with us now okay because I just you know like like a little
a puppy that's been throwing out on the street you know running from door to door trying to find
somebody to take it in like a lost puppy but I'm glad you had a great time on your on your cruise
with mommy and daddy that's very good they were helping pick up chicks what are you talking about
which of these do him picking up chicks oh brother yeah maybe the chicken farm maybe
Colonel Sanders which of these do you think best defines who you are and I see the word best I
haven't emphasized that up that probably should have been italics but I don't want to start
jumping all over Eric again because he's another one you know in fact Eric is perfect to be
doing our website because he's kind of like gotten that these adopted that QA and philosophy I
think it rubbed off you know the kind of schlock like another one is right there that you want it
they are like I said he's the best at Eric sometime not usually the which of these do you think best
define because obviously a combination of all of these defines who you are correct but that I
mean that's a given that's no fun the best that that word which is the most important in terms of
who you are what you're all about and what you think and where you're coming from et cetera and so on
what do we got we got certainly over 300 votes now what's the total it's 350 zooming up there
and you're right about that one point by the way what is that people are looking at this and they see
your sexual orientation they immediately think gay right they think he's saying that because he's
a fag and therefore he makes him separate from everybody oh that's not the point no matter in
addition to which see it's not something that you can choose that'll care what does go I'm
keep trying to give you a pedal song and then it's like it's who you are you can't choose that name
or then you can choose your race and most of the other things on here your political beliefs you
can choose and you know pick and choose and change your physical appearance you can change that
some degree your gender you can even change that there are people who are transgendered have
operation your nationality people live in one country for 10 years they might live in a follow what
I'm saying you can change that right right your religion you can change that like 10 times a week
like Bob Dylan Bob Dylan my name to catch Stevens right your race you can change and your sexual
orientation you can change which is why when some of his fartes give us oh you can't compare all gay
rights with the rights of course you can because it's who you are and what you are didn't choose it
you didn't choose to be black I mean would you choose to be black in America if I could have the penis
you want black penis if I could be like six feet come by the castaway seafood company not
in the corner university and Griffin road from six to eight p.m. and bring black George and black
penis have two of them in here as a matter of fact I can bring George will be there for the QM
part with the QM prize van and the McGill and Carlos great food and drink specials tonight six
day to castaways and bring George a picture of a gigantic black slaw okay
Roy how can I get back to this because the beast really let us down I thought you know I heard
I knew it was him with that thought that bubbly ebullion attitude of his and I thought okay here
we go we're gonna get the naked truth what's he got to lose at this point you know see that's
that's why I'm okay he's already been canned off of that show and because everybody that plays
other than me even you they're all scared of your own shadow hope we don't want to see this we don't
want to get canned from the station and you're not gonna get canned from the station for telling it
like it is for Christ amount your case like I said I keep playing that thing you know but in his case
he's gonna get canned you're right he might not be able to be as a gacky a sucker up anymore and he's
very disposable to be used education economy principal subjects in bush uh McBride debate the first
in person showdown between governor jabush democratic challenger bill McBride turned into way
smackdown for the United States the hero whatever a smackdown is from his opening statement was
closing McBride a sale of Republican governor's education record charging that Florida schools are
falling behind teachers are being lost to better paying states and that only in the final weeks before
the election is bush undergone an election epiphany concluding that crowded schools are a problem a
defiant bush commonly and deliberately defended his record suggesting that the tap alloyer who's never
run for office before doesn't understand how government works and he repeatedly criticized McBride
for offering what bush said were fake promises to improve Florida schools without saying what his
plans would cost now let me ask you this had jabbush ever run for a public office before I mean he
ran and lost right before he got elected but any ever run enough for anything before he ran for
governor nope no he won't tell you how to pay for it but it'll be higher taxes for you bush said
the verbal exchanges of the first televised debate was just the latest signal that the increasingly
tight campaign to be Florida's next governor is taking on increasingly testy tone with five weeks
to go before the November 5 election McBride passed up few opportunities to criticize the governor
as bush ticked off a list of accomplishments from his first term claiming that Florida now enjoys
the lowest crime rates in 72 and leads the nation in job growth McBride declared that bush was living
on another planet there are more and more people trying to do with less and less McBride said
people who think the economy is robust should vote for the governor others who are worried should
vote for me bush didn't let a chance go by to tout his accomplishments claiming record increases
in education and social services spending and improving environment and rising student achievement
levels the new poll by the way out yesterday 50 to 44 bushes ahead not looking too good for
Bill McBride unless we get the of course that's all going to depend on who shows up and who's allowed
to vote on November 5 which roads are closed which that's right how many sparses we forced to stay
at home who shows up how many turnt code democrats like that asshole Ron silver are going to
wind up supporting bush you know something Ron silver you ought to hang your head and shame you idiot
you simple then you clown and by the way where's our new baseball stadium that's the kind of crap
he's busy tongue crap see and then this business about education since when did the people in Florida
hear about education leave it be be on cross for our day they showed what's happened since bush
became governor florida education and i forget i forget which category we dropped from 44th to 50th
i think it was per capita per capita spending on education 50th last dead last nice going jeff
but since when did the people in Florida care about education a state where the average age is death
they're too stupid to know how bad it is i see in addition to which is the is the electric and
let him off the hook for his part in in rigging the presidential election of 2000 that gave us
boom his brother and this bunch of very fascist that we have a Washington right now are we going to
let him off the hook for that i'm sure not and i got news for i got my a renewal voter card and i
told you that before when i was there for those few days right and i'm going to vote early and
often on November 5th is a way of celebrating my birthday on November 5th i'm going to vote 40 50 60
times and i'll draw you starches out there to vote at least 100 times okay and all you old Jews
to and this time get it right time you can't it's not on the ballot all you know something hey i don't
run it against jeb you got it pan in redro spect in redro spectre 12 minutes after knowing at 560
w kimbo i tend to this show is flying by again today i feel like we're out of control like i've
just lost control of the wheel kind of like reg read because you were giddy this morning is that it
now i see i read some other conservatives but not litty not him
i know i'm not too crazy all you know something he'd be good over there in china because he used to eat
rats remember that's right all right given something that goes with rats yeah Gordon
there's never been a better time to buy a new home or refinancing resisting home then right now as
i'm speaking how about this rate 3.95 percent you heard right financial group can offer you an
unprecedented a 3.95 percent by picking up the phone and calling financial group at 180940 led
and that's 18094053 63 the money you're going to save is unbelievable incredible think about it
you can get yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan for only four hundred and fifty bucks a month
or get a two hundred thousand dollar loan for only nine hundred and fifty bucks a month the
process is simple and you'll save yourself thousands of dollars each year just pick up the phone
and call the people of financial group there's no obligation they'll explain it to you how it works
call 180940 lend there's never been a better time to get yourself a low interest rate call
financial group and you'll be on your way to save in a lot of cash financial group there an equal
housing lender credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change so call right now
180940 led that's 18094053 63
my best look off this is five sixty three is all yours
you are
push
push
the
mouth
coming listen to my story about a man named
young whose wallet was as big as his face he swelved up head
he became a governor and dictator too simply by heaven more money than you
billionaire that is dirty deals express it and she'll
dad in a real doober doober natural raise the other doober's name was but in a case
had an opening suit and a skeleton head and when they took his balls they discovered he was dead
brained it that is no brings a backwards room
now Jeff represents the Christian rike but somehow got support from the Jewish journal
kites now they're all in a mass grave very very deep and his wife wears a necklace of the
feelings for their team Jewish gold melted down of course
the tala hasi millionaires starring i'm red himler as chip bush
avidron has columbum hariana huffington has ready and dan verton has general vertaldair
the tala hasi millionaires brought to you by it like on eight
12 18 5 60 it's a gas you'll love it
yeah here's the guy that's trying to christianize the state who brings in a guy to head the DCF
who's one of the most anxious human beings ever to set face on the globe and here we got
ron silver good democrat you boy from a south photo oh he's supporting jab bush
a ron you suck
and by the way since jef says everything is so wonderful i've been sitting on this story for
while because i don't know i thought it was depressing soft florida's jobless lines grow longer
by the day this was in the sunset in the uh the 20th 10 days ago soft florida's unemployment
numbers released on nine 20 confirm what those on the unemployment lines already know it's not
getting better it's getting worse unemployment in broude county in august jump to 5.9 percent up
from 5.7 in july and 5 percent a year ago in palm beach county the jobless rate went to
6.5 percent from 6.4 in july a year ago was 6.5 percent in date county unemployment up to 7.4
percent from 7.3 in july and 6.8 percent last august 2001 even while other areas of florida
the nation are showing gradual improvement there appears to be a backslide in the tri-county area
florida's jobless rate in august was 5.3 percent down from 5.4 in july and up from 4.9 a year ago
yet some 40 percent of the states unemployed are now in broude palm beach and date counties
stick that in your pipe and smoke it jab the metropolitan area is the fort lauderdale west palm
bokeh and mimey led the state unemployment numbers after four pierced ports in loosely the numbers
are disturbing said mark cheskin a mimey employment lawyer and board member of the society of
human resource professionals but i believe it's even worse because it's not capturing the great
extent of unemployment folks working part-time where jobs paying much less than what they had before
weren't they're not including numbers cheskin said another weakness in the job market is the
large number of laid-off professionals managers and technical sales administrative workers have
been especially hard hit in the recession companies are continuing to cut jobs rather than
creating new positions because of weak business conditions weak it's weak okay how's that market
doing by the way it made a little bit of a comeback there for a while is it still moving in
the right direction hang on it's growing look at that cisco 10.73 anoham on the same spot
who you two thousand oh it's only down 160 points that out and the nice that's only down
twenty eight yeah we're going to have to consider these good days yeah these are one of the
better days for you okay as the slide continues in your money continues to evaporate but let's not
worry about the economy because this outfit they haven't got any answers for it they help
they're created with their tax cuts for the rich with all their empty bull crap promises as a
matter of fact you can get a son micro assistance down for like two and a half bucks
once them that palm is like what 77 cents oh I think it's probably less than that
it was 77 it's probably like about 65 cents right now so just look into your palm okay in fact
you got a better chance of making cash going to a palm reader and later I tell you what horse is
going to win the fourth race at Belmont you got a better chance look at that cisco 10 dollars and 71
cent isn't that the company they were telling us was the best company in the world about a year
and a half ago cisco when it was 65 or 70 or 75 or 80 bucks a year 10 dollars and change down
10 dollars and today and small change I'm watching that crawler I'm waiting for a palm to come up
maybe nobody's buying there is 73 cents 73 cents down another two cents intel 13 dollars and 82
oh my god the triple q is 20 dollars 81 cent when I finally bailed out of this crap after I had
in my appetite was no longer sufficient to continue losing my ass the triple q's would like 32
dollars it's 20 just over 20 bucks holy crap and Joseph man there's this go yeah 1070 and palm
is hangar right in there maybe it's 73 cents here's a stock here's a stock that everybody should
own his palm baby that's what they told us on CNBC on the gambling channel and every one of you on
CNBC including our Fred Ted David y'all ought to be in jail y'all are being prison for promoting a
fraud for putting up oh well the new economy you're right they're the ones who promoted this crap
they ought to be out there on guy in the chain gang with mithershty with the leg irons
did I start getting excited about mithershtt a little bit good good hey mith oh it always comes back so
fast but I mean but I'm up but I'm out yeah snake oil sales man that's what they are broker the
more you give them the broker you get okay broker my ass including our good buddy up there at
the what's that other broker that was always fixing me that crap oh well super you can do this and
you can stick it up your ass is what you can do it's a five dollar stock okay you can take your
smithrix and and stick it with a mondo shine okay that's what you can do with your smithrix 75 44 this
is another new by the way in six years new low right I think we can make six thousand and I think
the nice that can creep under a thousand yet it will poll workers tram five this is great poll
worker trainers rebel rebel that's the headline in the hero Saturday as many as 18 my me day
trainers assigned to prepare poll workers for upcoming elections walked up their job and discussed
just as classes began for next week two municipal elections there are abrupty
partnerships there is the night fourth election supervisor David Leahy totally incompetent and his
deputy just sell a salus to personally conduct training classes for the north by me in palmetto
elections several of the disgruntled trainers contacted by the hero said that despite repeated
pleas to Leahy and salus they were not provided with any new ballot information or reprogrammed
ivo tronic touch screen devices for Fridays training sessions at two area libraries we walked out
the ivo tronics weren't ready for the next election we weren't told how the provisional ballots were
to be handled said marty joletta trainer who lives in plummet obey these are the trainers these
are the people are supposed to train the poll workers you understand and they walked out she
another said they were unfairly blamed for the chaos in the September 10th primary which trainers
had happened largely because the department overloaded training classes the incident raises
serious questions about whether dates poker so be ready for the november 50th year in a
election which would be much longer and complicated needless to say the county received unwanted
national attention over widespread election errors it's always unwanted worldwide attention
a report released last week by the counties inspector general said the election department failed
to respond to earlier warnings that poll worker training was inadequate it recommended the department
conduct more hands-on training make training manuals more clear and station-devoting machine
expert nivy precinct a plan by county manager steve shavard to improve election performance
and a member calls for additional poll worker training from the county's employee relations division
those sessions are supposed to begin this week next week whatever week they're next week
and let it together jester shavard said the plan established a dramatically improved an increased
level of training and that all training will come in aid in mandatory testing for all poll workers
county officials said they were unaware of any widespread problem with trainers and that the
incident may have been an isolated case involving the department's chief trainer i would tell you
the important messages that the course was completed that mr. lehi himself taught me and taught
it and that the trainings continued regardless of any personnel as you county spokesman one medellet
one medellet said that how do you like that and if one medellet said you know it's
for a full of credit i don't like that huh one medellet said it was in bed with near a pink
up a can you and that would david lehi i don't know who's with one medellet i want a puke
salis reach late friday since he was unaware of any walk out of that trainers were concerned about
missing training materials she said materials for two days election were delayed because
information was continually changing we knew it would be a tight schedule she said
anding that training materials were completed through the night anybody want to make a bet i
wasn't at the immutable elections or the november fifth elections get done right in uh no
chance what are the what's the morning line odds on that let's get bino cook on three days early okay
what's bino saying huh no chance no chance in your pants for the bino counters to get a right in
date or inbroward forget about that merriam elephant they got they got her they got her stash in
room closet somewhere make sure she keeps her hands off of there they got her making flat jacks
in the back merriam elephant what do you like about it's the truth don't you look a little like
anti-omama i'm a waffle man personally man oh i like waffles now i don't know waffles are kind of
hard little crispier you know oh you're right they're better than flat jacks flat dicks are
they get wet when you put some kind of like moushi yeah right unless you eat them real fast because
when you put about a gallon of syrup on right you're like like blueberry syrup get a nice little
recipe belgian waffle or elderberry syrup is really good but then they sit there unless you
really wolf them down they get a lot like a little a sagueno wet bread kind of like uh scoorans
teats
we're sports radio five six eight two eight eight he was one of the biggest movie stars of the eighties
one of people magazines sexiest men of the year but drugs and alcohol took their toll the
e-true Hollywood story nicknolty can you explain to me your current problem
are you drinking are you taking drugs sex with prostitutes are you wearing tissue boxes for shoes
yeah yes right can you tell us why uh what i want me yeah the two Hollywood story nicknolty on
e entertainment television yeah yeah yes right never liked him i mean i'm not saying that that
you know it's an excuse he took some uh what the hell did he take it's in the taboids
by him by the cut it out he took some crap sterno hey took some sterno i guess it affected him uh
um never liked him whatever nah can't stand you know who else i can't stand see here you go again you
can't stand this one uh the guy that played buddy holly was his name the really freaky guy with a
funny airy bucy with the big bucy i just don't like that name you know bucy well what if his name
was Gary Cooper but i might probably like him a little better that that would be another one how
about your name that should be on our poll today maybe your name says more about you you know
Gary Cooper certainly sounds better than Gary Pussy 379 vote now there used to be a harness
driver where the ocarus is named as marcel p-u-s-e-y i used to this before how do you pronounce p-u-s-e-y
pussy right sure why not okay mom glad you respotted at least this time you were to pussy 379 votes
which of these do you think best defines who you are and i know he did not put that into italics
or like like your bet the word best but that's okay i don't want to get pushy with air because he's
he has issues and he still can't hear us and he still can't hear us so that's probably one of
the reasons he didn't do it he really can't he really can't well what kind of a what kind of a
setup does he have up there for Christ says he got like an online with with string string online
maybe he's just been stringing us along you know what which of these best defines who you are
and we realize it's a combination of all of these things that makes you what you are you know
like Todd Dreck it's many things that make him piece of turd on two legs your political beliefs 87
oh i forgot to talk about Todd and his buddy Steven Davie you know what your political beliefs 87
your physical appearance 79 which is just i mean people are being honest but i got news for i'm
looking at this sky on the floor the what that guy's name there are cash in who's done her in a
floor in New York stock exchange i mean he just he's a bapapadi and i he's what am i doing on that
channel again get off of it i'm looking at that guy or like here Richard Roth on CNN okay he
looks like a judo me and he is a judo you know he's got like he might be a good guy i don't know
what do you think he's got big ears he's got big ears and he's got a long stereotypical nose he's
got those glasses on he looks very very i mean like a stereotypical judo is what he looks like
with a anyway your political beliefs 87 your physical appearance 79 your gender 76 your nationality
60 your sexual orientation only 31 your race 27 and your religion 19 and of course the reason
that this audience gives religion so little credence is because we have so many heathens on this
absolutely correct thank god for that now i don't know if i want to do that upper thing okay i'll
think about it got more important fish to fry record label seek approval for online music sabotage
ready for this all right frustrated by the continuing presence of free music on the internet
the recording industry asked for the blessing of the west congress on thursday last Thursday to
metal with the online networks they blame for slowing their sales congress is considering expanding
legal protection for record labels who resort to sabotage and they're ongoing battle with peer-to-peer
networks that allow users to freely trade music movies and other copyrighted material the recording
industry offered a glimpse into its tactics which include blocking transfers and flooding the
network with dummy songs and promised a house representative subcommittee that they would not
disrupt the internet or reach into individuals computers i can't foresee any scenario where it
would be in our interest to go in anybody's computer and delete a file said Hillary Rosen
chairman of the recording industry association of america the r.i.a. a but some lawmakers worried
that over some of us by the way how about that favorite kid i think i'd be got him up here because
Eddie bell for ready to be go he's gonna be on the first bus out of here along with onters
erickson hey don't start with that hockey talk okay but some lawmakers in fact i think that's why
moe came on the air this morning because it's afraid that now with hockey season getting ready to
start very soon guilty might do a little hockey talk so he had to be there to be the buffer against
that happening but some lawmakers worried that over sellers copyright enforcement measures could
end up targeting innocent computer users and said they didn't want to encourage a high-tech game
cat mouse that could easily get out of hand what are the implications for the internet's functionality
when the inevitable arms race develops as Virginia democrat representative rick voucher voucher
noted that over sellers copyright enforces have already mistaken a photo entitled portrait of
missus harrison widens nineteen forty three for a song by former beetle george herison and demanded
that the internet you you net internet provider unit terminate the account of a customer who posted
a book report on her he potter the recording industry has aggressively fought peer-to-peer services
since napster gain widespread popularity more than two years ago while the recording industry was
able to persuade a california court to shut napster down it's been far less successful against next
generation services that are based overseas or operating a decentralized manner the industry has
tried different tactics recently targeting individual users with automated with automated tracking
software and launching an ad campaign to discourage legal downloads record labels have also
turned lost angeles technology from media defender ink which floods peer-to-peer services with
decoy songs and attempt to crowd out copyrighted material media defender president randy saps
at the company can also block downloads through a technique called interdiction which closes off
a user's hard drive to others on the network the industry is used to decoy service heavily to a
point where nine out of ten version versions on a peer-to-peer network may be empty shells he said
interdiction is velless popular he said is it may run a follow-up anti-hacking laws
well there you go
caizza and morpheus and after hearing that they've seen few effects on recording companies sabotage
and it's caizza really stated new version that allows users to screen out unreliable files
but that's what the carls is trying to get me to load in their caizza caizou
i never said anything like that oh that's right he didn't say anything like that
no i didn't do it anyway i wouldn't what i would do that anyway what is it
i know that i know that that's what i've heard anyway just briefly i'll do this
upper thing briefly just to give the bitch i mean just give her uh you know a little a little touch
it says this is in which one of these rags is this in this cow in the globe no wonder
the globe marginal all all operat says what a stunner the talk show queen was the talk of the town
when she appeared in hollywood any awards looking absolutely fabulous and friends have now
revealed a starling story behind her amazing transformation which cost a whopping 250 grand
all-perspired no expenses one pal she racked up an amazing quarter of a million bucks in
her stylist physical trainers skin specialist and beauty advisors flying herself under team
around the country really pumped up the bills but in the end it came down to her hard work
the costly makeover turned the 48 year old talk queen from frump to fantastic with every aspect of
her appearance glowing but it's her sensational shape that really catches the eye and less than three
months opera lost about 80 pounds hovering around 198 and her big night this is supposed to be a
financial as she's not a 198 hey it seems that she just weeks ago her weighted sword at 275 pounds
has one close pal but opera was determined to make a base splash for the super special occasion
day by day she lost those pounds through the determination the power of prayer and stick
into her plan and not going on cruises with the beast i am so sick entirely as excuses
this car cruise crap first of all anybody with a brain doesn't want to cruise in the first place
oh even if your parents pay even even if they give you a hundred bucks and somebody else pay
even they give it to you for free have you ever been on a cruise no don't don't do it i mean one
of those you know those day cruises those cruises to nowhere for gambling i'm not talking about that
i'm talking about about what he was on i mean what are his parents how much your shleppers
are something they much the idiots experience they're loaded he doesn't need to so so what kind
of parents is he got that their idea of a vacation is to take him on a fricking cruise why not
take him to guide them Amsterdam or take him somewhere to Paris take him to somewhere you know
what i'm saying right this is a guy who's probably never been anywhere his idea of a big trip is
going back to Boston for a weekend and going to a briggum's ice cream getting 10 hot fudge
Sundays that's his idea of a great weekend and i think it sounds pretty good maybe they wanted
to go on a cruise and if i don't know what the frenzy markets get some of those great clams strips
and some of the great chowda mmm great over to uh huh and then go over to briggums for like
15 or 20 little hot puts Sundays how many can you eat
and then of course now he must have he must have fed up to you off the air what did he tell you
about that morning gig no and that's seriously you can tell me there were there was mutual
in happiness all around how's that so in other words he wasn't happy working the show
more wasn't happy with him and that's uh so they finally decided to go to separate ways
but see more wasn't happy with anybody because i guess he wouldn't suck his ass enough isn't that
basically what it comes down to he didn't suck it i don't know what the criteria for a good producer
on that show is now i don't think there's been one invented maybe if he would have worn a bad
smelly hairpiece put a lot of pot of cashmere bouquet in there maybe they could like rub the got
in their heads together something like that or maybe they could have just got head together i don't
but it seems very interesting to me that more and more people i keep talking to and they keep
telling me the same thing about more so it can't just be me it's not that i'm a hard-ass
in fact you should see the email i got from hank on friday i don't want to go into it
nah it wasn't about that otherwise at the end of the email i did say
some sure got a chuckle on the other end but you never really know about those emails you know it
no now if somebody doesn't respond to your email like when they're a reasonable amount of time
and they're too what you do just just forget about them you put a head out on them oh that sounds
good i think i know where to find them too 1240 20 to 1 to mad dogs gonna be long at one o'clock he's
gonna be really dragging the old tale he's gonna have his thing between his legs he's gonna be
really pissed off and fired up i know the papers lost yesterday as well nobody wins every week
except for that one great dolphin undefeated season but the fact of the matter is that the dolphins
got pounded yesterday and gave up 48 points that great-foughted dolphin defense made Trent
green look like god damn why a tidal and Johnny and i just all bore a roll up into one and joe
Montana to throw him in there man and then you look you look like on a pombi's post they had this
pool about why the dolphins were three and oh and who they gave credit to jay feeder had only
two percent of the credit for when they were three and oh now that they lost their first loss of
the season and believe me it won't be the last now that they got their ass kicked yesterday
who's most responsible if you check the pombi's post pull uh jay feeder they don't like you jay
i mean don't take it personal maybe it's because you're Jewish you've got a big nose you went to
Dartmouth i don't know what the reason are maybe because you replaced Danny marina who's very
popular Danny boy but the fact of the matter is they don't like it 12 for he don't care he
don't care he's gonna roll up his slaves and go out there and do his business against the
the papiates next week oh that that should be pretty damn tense you know what i'm gonna be sitting
there right on the floor about an inch and a half away from the screen castaway seafood company
knows seafood they pride themselves on serving you the freshest seafood available fresh fish that
is never frozen prepared just the way you love it grilled black and or broiled signature castaway
dishes include sesame sir tuna crack cock and unbelievable homemade chowder speaking of what i
just say chowder mentally incredible castaways also features grilled certified angus beef burger
is filet manion or huge juicy new or strip sticks castaways offers great daily lunch and
running bird specials and every Wednesday night is terry okey and ladies night with free
drinks for the ladies how you doing with the ladies tonight george and a qm prize van will be
there from six eight p.m. ladies invited there'll be great food specials like all you can eat buffalo
shrimp from seven ninety five what is buffalo shrimp it's like buffalo chicken wings but with shrimp
that kind of I see I see zinghi all you can eat buffalo wings from a seven ninety five and all the
domestic beers only a buck and a half castaway seafood company or fight them on the southwest corner
of university and griffin roads and davi if you're looking to cater your next home or office party
they do a stupidest job of castaways of that castaway seafood company seafood so fresh you might
bite you on the post don't forget see george and mcgale and carlos and a bunch of other goyam
there from six to eight p.m. tonight at castaway seafood company
baby come play with these titties you know it's time to get up with these flying
we're about to hit them with everything all that was
flying one of those hunk in these fifty-two and back that's going down no doubt about it
I know that war gives you the crates but it's almost done there's that side thing
and I'll keep setting up to blow in the rocket stop
so don't wait must destroy let's not close phone
they did not our chance to have inspectors glance and look around and say what's going on
they said hey no more no more you can't explore and that's raising enough for us to act upon
I know that war gives you the crates but it's almost done there's that side thing
and I'll keep setting up to blow in the rocket stop
sometimes wait must destroy let's not post found
1246 at 560 w come American Idol exposed this is in the globe and man is like three different
stories in one here it's great for those of you who wasted a lot of your time with at the
piece of crap Kelly dumps dumps Justin did you ever believe that in the first place?
no I didn't know or care believe it hey you better start caring man well he is scary looking you know
yeah he is from the chin down he's pretty good but for he'd sure plays the main chin ball I'll say
then American Idol Hard Throat Justin Guarini is singing the blues because winner Kelly Clarkson
has told him they'll never make sweet music together the mop top runner up on Fox's hit talent show
Flip for Kelly in a big way and she thought for a while he might be Mr. Wright but after they
spent more time together cute Kelly who's still a virgin aged 20 decided that Justin's not the
one after all well you know something she keeps hanging out with him she's gonna be a virgin till
she's 40 he made a big big play for Kelly but she doesn't believe in sexy four merits as a show
insider she doesn't believe I wonder what they're having I won't say it she doesn't believe that
Justin would be faithful to her so many girls are hitting on him that she knows he'll play the field
and she doesn't want her heart to be broken as globe recently revealed church going Kelly is
vowed to stay celibate for another 10 years Kelly has never had sex her breath for in Jessica
Hogan's told us she wants to save herself from origins she says he won't be walked on the
aisle till she's at least 30 that's why she can be she spends a lot of time shopping for Zucchini
in the supermarket the checkouts it would be life and squash it could be a summer squash well
yeah no matter what shape remember that the millions of fans who watched American idols recent
TV special would have been shocked and grossed out by the scandal of sandicks that went on during
filming and ever made it to screen everyone thinks the show and the people connected with
their sweetest apple pies is an insider folks would be surprised as hell to find out what really
happened surprises hell as heck now it says here hell in the globe ended out of the September 23rd
Fox special American idols in Las Vegas was the raunchy behavior of host Ryan Seacrest and Brian
Dunkelman and winner Kelly Clarkson's performance was a real embarrassment she had to read the words
to her hit tune a moment like this from a teleprompter Kelly song was written specifically for her
and yet she's already recorded as a single yet she needed to read the lyrics from a video screen
note to remember the live audience but the biggest shocks were delivered by Seacrest and Dunkelman
who repeatedly fired off crude sexual wisecracks and shamelessly flirted with young female spectators
in front of an audience filled with children later with the cast bash after the filming of the
special idol Nicki McIvin changed smoke cigarettes and down cocktails while Dunkelman boasted that
the real party is in my pants during during knew that about Nicki during taping Dunkelman was a fountain
of tasteless jokes complaining about the heady told the crowd he was sweating more than Michael
Jackson at a daycare center I like that that's great it was sweating more than Michael Jackson at
a daycare center that's outstanding Seacrest who just inked a $1 million dollar deal to continue
his idol so it was also crude at one point asking girls in the audience if his pants were unzipped
then he joked that he and his co-host had spent their time in Vegas swilling rum drinks and
going to the pussyclack of a fictitious strip joint ironically Dunkelman was sent packing
several days earlier when he was hosting the Vegas comedy festival at the start us casino for
supposedly looking tipsy he was being obnoxious and belligerent says and insider
Dunkelman was also especially rude of the idol taping when he putted two thousand the audience
and suggested they double my pleasure oh maybe the virtue and overglee's gum that's guys a pip
I love that line Michael Jackson at a daycare center that's great Mr. Nasty's confession he says I look
gay mean mouthed Simon Cowell is hunted by rumors that he's gay and even though the American
idol judges adamant that he's not the rumors won't go away sources be saying the shows Mr. Nasty
even brought up the gossip himself saying I watched myself on TV and I do seem so gay I really
amstrate but I can ask that a lot he seems gay kind of like George sounds on the air gay
what's more his fellow judge Paula Abdul rubbed salt into the wound by jokingly telling a reporter
he's been fighting over my lace dress the questions about 43 year old Simon sexuality began
saying insider when his tart tongue turned off contestants on the original British version of the
idol some of the disappointed wannabe's attacked him saying that he was so nasty no woman would ever
put up with him says one show insider they called him names like bitchy queen and acid Alice the
truth is that he's had long relationships with women and some former lovers came forward to tell
all about his wandering eye but say insiders on the US show the story still buzz around Simon
because he sometimes acts camp and when he does photo shoots idol execs have to bring in models
to pose with him his girlfriends sometimes he's so camp you think you're watching Bruce
V. Lantern Hollywood squares does the story how do you like that huh with a with a better do I'm sure
how like David what's that crap they played down the hole that's not what garbage the kids that
they don't know it's good like that song I'm happy I live in a split level head you remember that
how can you listen I'm happy I live in a split level head I'm happy I live in a split level head
of it you don't remember that now why am I surrounded by morons come on how we don't you go
be how we there are nothing to put an agent from you pal you shut up fatso okay that's it you're all
tired you can't stop me the movement you listen to me you're tired
can't eat that goes for you too you know who I am I'm the king of paradise
I came down here after losing my job but to be a big fish in a little park
when they kicked me off the SP and they told me don't come back again I had some problems with
wise guys who advised I moved to paradise yeah fire that's very late all the way nine
like I was but you're all fired and I hope that kids got some dice I hope he dies I hope you all
died I'm a big fish in a little pond to see you a big fish in a little pond now in all
fairness I noticed that fat faced you missarney and they sent sent it on Sunday made a
caustic a little bit of a shot in there because I don't read his column word nearly I heard
mad dogmae reference to it a little bit of a shot that the morning guy whatever that guy that's
trading out the time on i and z in the morning according to the latest trend that he continues
catching Howard David and the more what does that mean Carl Foster Carl Foster they still got like
a one share they didn't make any in fact they went down a tent of a point in the last trend so
unless he's got the some monthly information here that we don't know about I mean you know far
be it for us to defend Moe who is at this point just about indefensible but nevertheless come on
Jim sarny write something that makes sense for once in life okay Jesus what a contrast you read the
papers here in each a in the star the sun even the globe and male even the national post they
got guys that critique i'm not talking about just radio and tv in general i'm talking about sports
radio every single day in the sports section sports radio and tv and they actually say something i
mean you know sometimes a compliment reen if it's deserved they're ripped somebody and asked not
down there everything has to be like a little you know a little uh look i hint and i didn't really
hear correctly did i that Wednesdays every morning i know our our morning show they got
danla bastard 730 like a regular feature yes oh my god talk about a death wish danla bastard
holy crap that's all i can say about that man it's uh our station must have a death wish first
it's the crow and it's Moe and i would got danla bastard on the ear just asked to hump her what
they think about that he'll say about danla bastard the worst excuse i he makes yours a gaki
sound like watercrunk rat okay danla bastard plus plus the thumbily the style it's the substance
it's the crap that emnates from his pus unacceptable okay how that pull come out today now this is uh
look at that look how interesting that is not not quite as interesting as early sochi and his socks
stories but almost 411 votes we asked today which of these do you think best defines who you are
best your political beliefs 94 your physical appearance 87 your gender 80 your nationality 63
your sexual orientation only 34 only little over 8 percent have got the right answer your race 31
and last and certainly at least your religion with only 22 only a little over 5 percent of this
your religion really defines who you are etc now of course if we had a big a big bunch of born
again Christians for a bit of a goi amount there that would number would be much much higher
well i have a Christian for crying out loud that makes me you know hip-hop I mean so much better
than everybody else makes you full of crap if you want to make us perfect just to be right
in uh huh forgive this one last plug now we got that big enough pizza lot is open in plantation
right now as we speak the second location i bet you they're smoking in there huh maybe if you go
any talk nice go let's just smoke some with them right that's Jeff no rush to think so when you
imagine that they're having we want to report from Jeff Cohen of our on opening day you know first
day of a new restaurant probably a couple of glitches here in there but i bet you people are having
a wonderful time there at the pizza lot not having some rise plantation or see where's this new
pizza lot new key and she'll point right out there window there the drive through window
and then don't forget castaway seafood tonight six to eight p.m. George will be there in McGellan
carlos coronary university in gripping road and they got the the qm prize vandal be there with
nobody we'd eckers about for great food and drink specials as well and like i said they
we need their obsessed with you for whatever reason now you must make quite an impact while i love
them i think i think what they discovered didn't they come out of the station while i was over in
Amsterdam they didn't they had a turn out basically and i think and i think what they discovered is
that boy you can eat a free meal like almost nobody else i buy buy i'm a homo you know they say the
body is 90 percent water as for wq a amp we have 100 percent purple perid water
the official work day replacement of sports radio five's
ua yeah
