This is South Florida's only real source agent, WQA and Miami Fort Lauderdale, a diesel
broadcast group station, wwwQAM.com.
And he'll be taking off the PUP list and he'll practice today.
And we'll see what happens.
Jed Weaver will line up with the first group, but the thing that's happened because of
Randy McMichael and opportunity in these first five practices and now we're talking about
them.
We're saying, you know what, we got to make sure that this guy gets enough work with
the good guys.
Peace and quiet, man.
I don't need to listen to Barney Fag.
Barney Frank, crying in in my ear because I've made a few bucks off a book that we're
done.
Hey, you're cooking on heads.
It's me, Janet Boob's a granite renal.
And I am hot man.
I am key old.
I'm just playing all half off.
What in the name of Sam Hill, half and is what I want to know.
First they had trouble with dangling chants.
Now they got these touchscreen jobbies that don't work worth a crap.
I think they got them from Jet Blue.
There's some of them old ones.
They used to play electronic poker on.
I mean, heaven's the bestie.
This is voting.
It's serious.
I know that after the week, I will be the victor.
Actually, let me clarify.
I will still be Janet, but I'll also be victor.
Capiche, I got a half a mind to get my red toyota four by four, pick up and head down
to Havana.
I'll load up some locals and put this thing over the tap.
The biggest problems were indeed in Broward counties.
Two of my strongest areas.
I mean, I personally slept over 4,000 men and women in those aforementioned areas,
which should have secured me certain victory.
But instead, I got to put a hold ski on my new victory party.
The hammers and nails I'm freaking.
Not to mention in the middle of this whole mess a crap.
One of my beans went bad on me.
I'll bet you dollars to donuts had little bastard Ili and Gonzalez had something to
do with this.
Either that or that Dianne marino.
I never bought into that whole ice a toner glove daily, bab.
You ain't heard the last from Janet boobs and granite renal Florida.
You go boy, it's 903 at 560 WDQA.
A happy Thursday to the sun and shine another great day.
It is beautiful, baby.
You know what they sound great days?
What?
That's what they say.
Oh, I got some interesting stuff.
Rumor yesterday in the mad dog show about somebody's wife in the stands at the dolphin
game at P.P. Park on Sunday wearing a jets cap.
I don't want to mention any names.
An embarrassing and the other rumor that I'm hearing is that somebody in spite of the
fact putting out a big front.
See, even you would know that the dolphin colors are aqua and orange, even you know that.
Of course.
Because you've seen all the promotional crab.
Was it dolphins fan in 1972?
Were you really?
Fan wagon jumper?
Fan wagon jumper.
But at any rate, somebody, the rumor is somebody has their Veracos veins painted green
and white, which last time I checked, those of the jets colors, even George knows that.
What?
Green and white.
See, I guess most people assume that if you're like sitting down, you know, behind a press
box somewhere or like behind anything that people can't see your veins.
But when you get out there on a golf course, you forget about that.
And people realize that you got your Veracos veins painted green and white and then your wife
is wearing a jets cap in the stands.
It doesn't paint a pity, a pity, a pity, a pity, a pity.
A pity, a pity.
Right, exactly.
Couldn't have said a bit or myself.
Here's a facts or an email that George got.
Now this is on your email.
Correct.
Okay.
We don't want you to start passing around other people's emails again.
Because I don't have the energy to go through that two months of that crap again.
I'm not going to do anything like that again.
It says I was just, this is written to George.
I was just surfing the website and stumbled on the picture of Howard David.
The piece he's wearing doesn't need look like roadkill.
Now I see what the fuss is all about.
Well, we got a lot of heavy-duty stuff today, but let's get started right on a light note.
Somebody packs his ass.
It says one day a teacher read the story, chicken little to her class.
She came to the part of the store where chicken little tried to warn the farmer.
She read, and so chicken little went up to the farmer and said, the teacher paused and
then asked the class.
And what do you think the farmer said?
And one little girl raised her hand and said, I think he said, holy shmit, a talking chicken.
That's older than you are, you know?
That's cute.
Cute.
Kind of cute.
Our poll yesterday is speaking of cute.
We had 846 votes on smallville.
That's pretty good.
What's your take on the TV show Smallville?
619 people said, take a hike.
They don't watch it.
73.1%.
But still, you know, that leaves the other almost 30%.
Lannar flicks my dick.
72 desperately horny guy said that.
That's 8.5%.
I love it.
And the show too.
52 people said that.
It's okay.
43.
And I listen with this crowd when they say it's okay.
That means it must be okay.
You know what I mean?
It's okay.
Don't tell me it's okay.
You like it.
Well, it's not what I voted for.
Oh.
Anyway, 43 said, I hated it blows.
38, which is a pretty small negative number for the sour pie that we got out there.
And tamaling is God.
22, which means we just don't have any facts or women left listening anymore.
Damn it.
Here's today's poll question.
I was going to save this for like a little bit later, but I better do now because it's
so goddamn complicated.
Look at this.
Two, four, six, there's eight choices on here.
Did you fact that Eric?
So did because we don't want to interrupt his brunch.
It is Thursday brunch day.
We don't interrupt that.
I've not there in Orlando.
I bet you they got some great places in Orlando like for the old parts.
Tourist crappy kind of places.
The house that kind of stuff.
No, I'm not talking about waffle house.
I'm talking like about what's the place where the old cafeteria place?
Where the old parts are.
Morrison's is one of them.
And there's another one.
There used to be that one called Duffs.
We'd have to gum everything.
If you had a chance, here's the poll question today.
If you had a chance to recast your 2000 vote for president today, what would you do?
Now here's your eight choices.
Okay?
I'd vote the same for Gore.
I'd vote the same for Bush.
I vote the same for a native.
And by the way, we will track those people down.
The one who said they would vote for a native.
I voted for Bush, but now I'd vote for Gore.
I voted for Gore, but now I'd vote for Bush.
Are you following this?
Right?
I voted for native, but now I vote for Gore.
I voted for native, but now I vote for Bush.
I didn't vote in 2000.
I can't see any other choices.
How are we to fax this to Eric?
So you don't have to worry about my reading it real slow, but I will read it again for
the audience because some of them are a little bit slow.
If you catch my drift, especially this early in the morning.
If you had a chance to recast your 2000 vote for president today, what would you do?
I'd vote the same for Gore.
I vote the same for Bush.
I vote the same for native.
I voted for Bush.
But now I vote for Gore.
I voted for Groban, I vote for Bush.
I voted for native, but now I'd vote for Gore.
I voted for native, but now I vote for Bush.
I didn't vote in 2000.
Actually, when you start reading them like over and over again, real fast, it's almost amusing,
you know?
Or pathetic is the case.
Maybe speaking of pathetic.
A referee in a football game blows the whistle when the personal foul has been committed.
There is your labor, man.
How can a China as long he can do?
Boy, oh boy.
You know, you know, something if it weren't so tragic and if there weren't so many lives
at stake and the future of the freaking human race and this whole planet, if weren't
for those things, all of this business would be very amusing.
Right.
High comedy.
Because this is a cast of really a tragic characters.
It's a cast of sad, sad, hallucinatory idiots.
Speaking of an idiots, Justin's loose-lips sink pure image.
S.Y. and C, of course.
And Justin, no clothes that are on your way out.
Bye, bye, bye.
Justin Timberlake has confirmed what many of long suspected about his relationship with
Britney Spears pop music's biggest couple, Gaton, reports the New York Daily News.
Oh, oh, so early in the morning, you know, something in fact Eric made drop one of those
breakfast burritos.
They were super sized ones.
He made a rapper run on his shoe.
Although I don't mention he's wearing any shoes, do you think so?
Probably not, Art.
Are you?
No.
Well, why don't you do wear shoes when nobody's around?
Nobody's looking.
And the person sure that his Japanese wife is big, not on wearing shoes.
Aren't the Japanese a little bit into that, like leaving your shoes at the door?
Correct.
Tuesday morning when they instinct singers, in fact, some Japanese restaurants, I think,
have that thing where you can like leave your shoes.
Yes, because of that idea in the public situation.
It all depends on how bad your feet smell.
The point.
But when you're eating some of that Japanese, some of that sushi, who'd hell would know the
difference?
Oh, trust me.
It might actually improve the overall.
No.
I can't imagine eating sushi.
I don't like this to begin with.
I just can't imagine eating something that's kind of like looking back at me.
Good sushi smells like nothing.
It's kind of like a Rick Riley meal, you know, like back at you.
It's just that I is staring back at you.
Oh, Tuesday morning when instinct singers stop by the New York radio station, hot 97,
the station's morning DJ Troy Terrain, aka Star, promised he'd played Timberlake's new
single, like I love you, 30 times a week if you tell just one secret, which was Star
Ass Tinkerbell, if you ever shared a certain bedroom intimacy with ex-girlfriend's spears.
After much hamming and hawing, I like that.
Timberlake broke down.
I don't know what that means.
Broke down like a cried broke down or just broke down and finally stood it out.
I did it.
Timberlake said I'm dirty.
I'm so much damn trouble man.
I'm going to get calls from my mother.
No word yet.
I'm Brittany's reaction.
Meanwhile, Timberlake will write, produce and service spokesman for the public service radio
and TV ads on behalf of recording artist actors and athletes against drunk driving.
Rad.
We know mad.
Now we got rad recording artist actors and athletes against drunk driving.
His new duties arrive in the aftermath of the September 9th caused by an allegedly drunk
contractor.
I remember that.
Yes.
I wonder if his fans Anna White, 21, while she was waiting for a glimpse of the singer outside
a Southern California radio station.
Hey Anna.
Bad move sweetheart.
Bad move.
We're real bad about it, but a bad move on your part.
Speaking of bad moves, poor OJ can't catch a break.
You know what?
All the time.
You see in the news again?
OJ Simpson contested speeding ticket and manatee voting zone.
Poor OJ.
OJ Simpson pleaded innocent to a charge that he spent through a manatee zone in a power
boat as attorney said yesterday.
Simpson was driving a 30-foot power boat near Mime's downtown area when he was stopped by
officer Jason Lundy of the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission on July
4.
Lundy issued the 55-year-old former football star a ticket for creating a wake in a manatee
zone, the equivalent of a speeding ticket, Simpson lawyer Yelle Galanter said.
Galanter said Simpson's ex-girlfriend Christy Prody and another couple were on board the
boat.
Boy, sure like to know who that was, huh?
You don't think it could have been screw-anon.
Roy!
Lundy said he only saw Simpson and Prody on the boat.
A fishing wildlife conservation commission's spokesman did immediately return a phone call.
Simpson chose to plead innocent rather than pay the $65 fine, Galanter said.
The plea however was filed five days after Simpson was issued an affidavit noncompliance
by Judge Martin Shapiro for failing to appear for a September 12th arrangement.
Galanter said Simpson was not required to appear in court on that.
And Tady said the ticket was issued based on a subjective call by the officer.
This is a bone of contention between Marine and Petroleum.
What is it?
Marine Petroleum boat is Galanter said.
My own boat creates a wake when it's at idle speed.
Galanter's stalked at the immediate confidence, scrutiny of Simpson since he was acquitted
of murder charges in the 94 slangs of his wife, Nicole Simpson Brown, and her friend Ronald
Kulman.
The guy just can't get a break, Galanter said.
Is that what I just said?
Put you just said.
Can't catch a break.
A civil jury labeled, well, if we know about that.
He continues to mean his innocence and nobody with a brain believes him.
You done it, OJ.
Okay, you murdering prick.
And of course, the reason they keep hassling him is because we want him out.
We want him out of town.
When in doubt, move his black ass out.
Okay.
And why did Time Magazine make him so black?
You know, you think there was something racial involved in that?
Uh-huh.
Could be.
12 minutes after nine at five, 60 WQA and there's never been a better time, a smarter
time to buy you a new home or refinance that existing home.
How about this amazingly low rate of only 3.95 percent?
That's correct.
Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95 percent by picking up the phone and calling
financial group with their toll free number 1-800-940-L-E-N-D.
That's 1-800-9453-63.
The money you're going to save is incredible, unbelievable.
Think about it.
You can get $100,000 alone for only $450 a month or a $200,000 alone for only $950 a month.
The process is simple and you'll save yourself thousands of dollars each year.
Just pick up the phone and call our good friends and the financial group are palies at
1-800-940-L-N.
There's never been a better, never been a smarter time to get yourself a low interest rate.
So call financial group and you'll be on your way to save and a lot of cash.
Financial group is an equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change.
So call them now toll free 1-800-940-L-E-N-D.
That's 1-800-940-53.
63.
And call this 420-560-L-N-L-A-N-L-A-N.
Side with Kroben.
Whoa, it's a little tough to just double-way now.
So he gives us a thread underneath and then we have Kevin Swain outside and Laverne is
close.
That's four pretty good receivers.
Four pretty good wide receivers and Santana just gives us a weapon that we just can't
find.
He's so quick and his incredible hands.
We need to get him on the field.
That's something we just have to do.
Well, you always sound enthusiastic and it sounds like you're real excited about this
team.
I really enjoy it.
This is, I like Herman Edwards a lot.
I like our owner.
I have a great deal of respect for Terry Bradwier, General Manager and Mike Tannabaum.
It's his most fun, his life had in a long, long time.
I really enjoy it.
It's a good group of guys and it's really been fun for me.
I put together a pretty nice group.
John Hall had a nice year last year and I was able to add Matt Turk and get Santana back.
I'm looking forward to it.
Turk and Boomham, can he?
Yeah, he really is.
Of course, anytime you have Curtis Martin on your side, you've got to hell with football
players.
And a fresh defense.
And a fresh defense.
That's exactly right.
So I think we have a chance to have a good football team.
I guess the one element that you hadn't been around a lot in a long time was that kind
of a running game.
Correct.
They're trying to do it here now.
I'm Curtis Martin.
He's really something.
My brother was at practice day and he was remarking to me how big he was.
You don't realize, I mean, it's not a big, but he has strong and powerful and how hard
he works.
And he's really a special, special individual.
He's really a special guy to have on your side and never says a word.
He just comes out and practices a thousand miles an hour every play every day.
With Martin looking so good, will they give Martin a little bit of a break this year?
Well, the guy that's, yeah, Chad Wilkins a little bit of a break in there and has done
a pretty good job for us.
But he'll give him a little bit.
But I don't know that much.
If he will.
And the other guy that does a great job for us is to back up back his Lamont George.
Yeah.
I think he's looked really good.
So it's not easy for Chad to just get a lot of playing time on offense.
But because Lamont said, and Lamont maybe has as good a hands as anybody on our football
team.
Now I use him on kickoff returns back with Chad.
And so that's a pretty good pair that we have there.
And then he goes, of course, alternates in and helps relieve Curtis a little bit and then
Chad comes in in some special situations.
Well, we'll see you down here the third week of the season.
Okay, Hank.
It's your early this year.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Where we go.
Yeah.
Well, maybe I don't know.
They're wondering when they're going to beat the jets around.
I was on both sides of it.
Hank, I don't have it figured out.
I just hope it stays the way it is right now.
Okay.
Hey, Mike.
Thanks so much for coming out.
I'll be forward to seeing you.
Okay.
Thank you.
Take care yourself.
Bye.
Mike West.
Yo, yo.
Let's rate more.
Radio big shot.
That's how we pass the time away.
Mike, if the gay, yo, jail, little, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,
Good morning.
Owners a home lies at the heart of the American dream.
It serves as the foundation of many Americans financial security.
And the good news is this less than a half of all African Americans and Hispanic Americans
are homeowners.
We must prevent minorities from owning a piece of the American dream.
So I have asked the Congress to join me in creating a second obstacle to minority
home ownership, permanent complexity and difficulty of the purchasing process.
But government action isn't enough.
That is why I have challenged the real estate industry leaders to join with the government
in a major nationwide effort to increase, obviously, but unscrupulous lenders with an
overriding and urgent mission, prevent minorities from owning a piece of the American dream.
And we are doing just that.
Thank you for listening.
Thanks, Pally.
I'm 18 at 560 WQMTOMPain.com, which is a great website.
So the guy who's the head, Hansel, which I have no idea what his name was.
I forgot.
He was on with press and B. Can in the yesterday.
It isn't Tom Payne.
No.
Although the somebody said, I think the president said he was kind of a pain.
Tom Payne was an atheist, by the way.
Well, he was a D.
I'm sorry, I'm sure.
A D.
Which is see back at those days, they would use that term, but what a man was they were
atheist.
They didn't believe in your God.
Oh, geez.
Don't see that.
They didn't.
They thought it was all a pile of crap.
And they had a good point.
Anyway, so on TomPain.com, you can see the picture of this full page ad that they put
in the New York Times.
What's not a full page of this big ad that they put in New York Times and they're putting
in several other publications around the country.
And it's a picture.
You know, the I want you uncle Sam poster.
Right.
And it's a pattern after that.
Only it's obviously Osama Yamama pointing.
And he says, I want you to invade Iraq.
Instead of Uncle Sam says it says uncle and they put in a in front of the same and
in a after a little Canadian touch uncle Osama says, I want you to invade Iraq.
Go ahead, send me a new generation of recruits.
Your bombs will fuel their hatred of America and their desire of revenge.
America's won't be safe anywhere.
Please attack Iraq.
Distract yourself from fighting al-Qaeda.
Divide the international community.
Go ahead, destabilize the region.
Maybe Pakistan will fall.
We want its nuclear weapons.
Give Saddam a reason to strike first.
He might draw Israel into a fight.
Perfect.
So please invade Iraq.
Make my day.
How do you like that?
Yeah, he's right.
He's absolutely right.
He's got to stop right on.
This is exactly what Saddam wanted.
And of course, your confusion reality with fantasy.
Don't you understand?
I mean, this is a political and oil considerations here and that comes ahead of everything else.
And don't you like start making little waves against El Presidente?
Because he'll look all down the carpet like he did the US Senate there on Monday.
Who don't give a crap about American security and took like couple of days before Tom Dashel finally got to be indignant and outraged and senator Bobby.
Bird who just celebrated his 145th birthday was like, oh, outrageous.
It was doing that the bubble thing.
You know outrageous.
I don't think he was doing the bubble thing.
That would speak it of Tompaine.com, which I want to link on our website to that, by the way.
Just mention that in passing Eric.
Eric said busy.
Okay, he's stocking up.
He's like, you know, squirrel can ready for the winter time.
You know, stocking up on nuts.
Eric is stocking up on breakfasts right now.
So he'll get around to it.
Analysis Iraq Pandora's box in the making rights clog saw handy of UPI.
This is also on Tompaine.com.
They got great articles on there.
I got many lengthy things I'm going to read today and if anybody don't like it, too bad.
And take any calls today?
No.
No, I noticed a couple lines flashing.
You know, we took a couple of calls yesterday.
We had a good time with that.
And I'll take them when I feel like it.
And today I have got no time for your calls.
Believe me.
Have we got time for them?
No.
No.
I mean, we got time for like a little...
A little of that.
But not time for calls.
Anyway, Claude Sahlhani writes on UPI, a number of Arab, a number of Arab diplomats
and Middle East observers are increasingly worried that the U.S. assault on Iraq
meant to out-sautom who St. Kuddi generate into an expanded and generalized Middle East conflict.
Presenting what's several called a worst-case scenario, Arab diplomats and Middle East specialists
speaking not for attribution, voice concern that a possible American war on Iraq could open a Pandora's box
that would swiftly drag the entire region to open warfare.
That would be an outcome they say they would be unpredictable and disastrous.
The way many see it, a U.S. war on Iraq could well pull Israel into the conflict,
and as a result, unwillingly force other Arab countries into the battle,
this many fear would provide fuel to the Islamic fundamentalist anti-American anti-Israel and anti-Western stance
and place Arab regimes currently friendly to the U.S. in a very precarious situation.
This is exactly what someone like Vinladen Wands said one veteran diplomat,
and the eyes of many people in the region this would give a certain degree of legitimacy
that likes of Vinladen and his al-Qaeda terrorist organization said that it would prevent this is not something we want to see occur.
In the aftermath of the terrible events of 9-11-2001, an American-led invasion of Iraq is likely to anger young people
in the already explosive Arab Islamic world, which instead of preventing future terrorist attacks
would only be adding fuel to the already ardent Middle East fire.
This similar from the 1990-91 Gulf War in President George Herbert Walker Bush,
father of the Kurnach-Ipinded White House, managed to persuade Israel to remain quietly on the sidelines
of the desert storm conflict, despite the fact that Iraqi scum missiles hit it in several Israeli cities,
the current president George W is not likely to succeed in keeping Israeli Prime Minister Shirom out of this war.
The fact that Israel were made out of the Gulf War helped maintain the anti-Satim coalition unified,
including Arab countries such as Syria.
The difference today according to a number of Arab diplomats is that Shirom will be more than eager to jump into a renewed conflict with Iraq
in order to prove to the U.S. that Israel remains their only true ally in the region.
This would help convince American lawmakers and the general public of the importance of maintaining future American support for Israel.
Such a move by Israel in their view would be especially vital if or when the Middle East peace talks on the future of Palestine were ever to resume,
but this possibility is causing concern among members of the Bush administration.
It will be in Israel's overwhelming interest not to get involved, said Secretary of Defense Donald don't call me Hermann Gehring-Rumsfeld
during Congressional testimony Wednesday on Capitol Hill.
Israel's support of the U.S. and the war on Iraq, the Arab diplomats pointed out would be even more meaningful if America's European allies
with the possible acceptance of Britain chose not to participate in the U.S. invasion of Iraq.
Already, Russia, France, China and Arab nations are saying that Iraq's decision to allow the return of weapons inspectors
is reason enough to fend off more severe action for the time being.
Furthermore, several Arab observers told U.P.I that they believe Bush would attack Iraq regardless of whether Saddam allows international inspectors back into the country
to search for weapons of mass destruction.
Bush, they believe, is set on imposing a regime change in Baghdad and not solely finding and destroying possible weapons of mass destruction,
a move many fear sets dangerous precedents.
Why else would Bush continue to build on his momentum to convince Congress the Europeans and the UN that set a marines of menace?
No one should believe his latest ploy, his latest attempt not to be held accountable, said Bush of the Iraqi leader.
He continues to defy the United Nations.
We've seen him before. We remind the world that by defying the UN he's becoming more and more threat to world peace continued to Bushmeister.
But many diplomats and mid-east analysts don't see it that way and argue that a U.S. attack on Iraq could be a real threat to world peace.
Said one former American ambassador to the Middle East, Saddam doesn't pose a real threat to the U.S. even if he did possess weapons of mass destruction, he doesn't have the delivery capability to target American cities.
The Iraqi President realizes that a tactical attack on the U.S. will automatically trigger a massive response against his country.
This is not something he's likely to do.
Saddam pointed out the former diplomat is evil but not crazy.
Written by Claude Sahani of UPI, and it fits right into that.
Add to campaign.com is running.
That Osama Yomama wants you.
If he's still alive, you can be damn sure and even if he's not his supporters, his followers, his scumbags are salivating at the prospect of us whipping all of these people up into a frenzy.
Which is the whole concept in the first place.
That's what they thought that was going to happen in the beginning after we invaded Afghanistan.
Remember the threats?
Right.
I just mentioned it in passing.
We got the mad dogs.
You know, mad is at one.
Hank Goldberg at three this afternoon.
Now let's see.
We all we got Thursday.
Man, Bino at five.
Proving nothing is perfect even Hank show.
Marlon's on deck at six thirty as we finally get down to the very, very last couple of games.
Thank the Lord.
Marlon's at the Sposed 705 game time.
Eddie Kale will be on board after the baseball game.
And Jo and Mark overnight, the duty boys, and Jo was actually in there this morning.
With some of that NASCAR crap.
I thought maybe you brought one of his strippers or something I have a chat with.
We got plenty of our own talking about.
Oh yeah, how did it go last night?
It went great.
What you talk about.
It's always good.
Yeah.
It was a fun time.
High boy did not show up by the way.
Oh, did he not?
I guess it's probably embarrassed right now because of the fact that he's not only in that cheer,
but he's also like creating quite an aura around him.
Oh no.
Yeah.
Well, I would imagine, you know, he's had his problems lately,
but he's still alive.
That fact, the way just keeps rolling along.
So to speak, 926 at 560 W.D. Cuymion, who else is still alive Todd Dreck.
I'm thinking about that story.
I go over here.
I wonder if Todd knows that guy in Davy's still.
You think?
Yeah, I think.
Probably still does.
Probably still got that same sour look on his push to Todd Dreck.
By now, you've heard the incredible earning potential of computer professionals.
I'm sure of that.
And you've also heard me talk about the incredibly unbelievable demand for certified computer professionals
out there in the real world.
We've also told you about the great people at Fast Train.
So do yourself a big, a humongous favor and pick up the phone and call the people at Fast Train at their toll free number.
1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
You can complete your program, get certified in four short months and be on your way to a new higher paying career.
Fast Train's got four convenient locations in Dayton, Broward.
They've got convenient evening, day and weekend classes, a bit your schedule.
And they've got a full time job placement department with over 30 years of experience,
getting people placed in the computer industry.
So if you want to get out of your dead end job, if you want to get a job that will earn you a big, serious paycheck.
And by the way, speaking of paycheck stuff, just pick up that phone and call our good friends at Fast Train,
toll free at 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
That's 1-866-FAST-TRAIN or check them out on the world wide wicked web if you like it.
FastTRAIN.com.
My name is Mike and look all this is four-trail by 60.
You think who are being overlooked from that club?
Oh yeah, I think, often so I think Cooch should be one, I think, on defense.
You know, it, norm evidence was by here two weeks ago.
And we spent some time together just talking about that team.
And when you measure it by today's standards, I mean, height, weight speed, it doesn't measure up.
But it was probably, all the time I've been in the NFL, it's probably the closest I've ever seen to what team means.
Those guys, with Arns bar and Schuylen, Howard and all those guys coaching, it was a team probably made fewer mistakes.
And any team I've ever been around.
So individually, when you looked away, Manny, Fernandez played then.
Oh man, he was great. Dick Anderson was great.
They had, Jake was a great, they had so many good players, but I don't know if anyone alone would get the recognition to be in the Hall of Fame.
I'm not saying that's right, but I think it was more of a, the team should have been put in the Hall of Fame.
Yeah, well that, no named defense was, was called that because everybody contributed and nobody really stood out.
When I say that, that doesn't mean they couldn't play.
They just, they just all played well together.
And Bob Math, I mean you go open down the list of players over there and they did such a great job and you had the full, Tim Foley and,
God, Lord, Mumford, all these guys and they were, they were really good players, but oh gosh.
I don't know who you'd single out and say would have a chance to be voted into the Hall of Fame.
Yeah. Back to the present. What do you look for from the Falcons this year?
Well, with realignment, I think they, they'll, you know, I don't, I'm not good at taking things like this.
I certainly think they'll be competitive in their division and they have New Orleans, Carolina and Tampa.
It'll, it'll be fun to sit back and, and watch this. I'm not sure what to expect out of them, but that's, I don't think I've ever been known with this.
I'm going to expect out of anything that I've been around.
Well, there's a lot to depend on how quickly Vic develops.
Yes, it does, but I think what they're doing here is making it so it won't depend solely on that.
I think that they're going to do everything to protect Michael and, you know, he'll make big plays, but I don't think they want to put it all on him.
And I think that's, that's smart. I think if they did, then they probably wouldn't be as effective.
So if they can get their, you know, their line and the thing, they're, they're offensive schemes going.
I think then, you know, then they have a chance to move the ball.
They moved it last year, even though they weren't, they were seven and nine, but they weren't a great team last year.
But they still,
The Riddians, dumb as dirt.
But it's almost a necessity.
And I'll keep setting up, new blowing air, rocky top.
So don't wait, must destroy.
Let's not postpone.
They did not our chance to have inspectors glanced and the ground best say what's going on.
They said, hey, no more, no more.
You can't explore.
And that's reason enough for us to act upon.
I know that war gives you the dreams.
But it's almost a necessity.
And I'll keep setting up, new blowing air, rocky top.
So don't wait, must destroy.
Let's not postpone.
I'm pretty one at five sixty WQM Happy Thursday to you.
A ledge bum fights video makers arrested in California.
What a bummer.
San Diego, two men who allegedly paid street people to fight each others part of the internet video sensation.
The rest of the
Vegas residents Zachary, Bubek, 24 and Ryan Edward McPherson, 19,
followed a three month pro by the La Mesa Police Department and the Bum Fights tapes.
Lieutenant Rale Garcia said La Mesa is a suburb of San Diego.
Bubek's writer, on Monday, detectives the rest of the person in La Mesa two weeks ago.
Garcia said police said it was still looking for two other Las Vegas residents as well as others who may have been involved in the production of Bum Fights.
Producers claimed the sold more than 300,000 copies of Bum Fights over the internet for a 1990-90-9 each.
How much would that be? 6 million bucks?
Okay.
That's what it looks like to me.
Bum Fights volume one touted by its producers as the fastest selling independent video featuring drunks and crackheads,
shows the drag-old men engaging in fist fights and acts of self-abuse, such as running headlong into steel doors and leaping off bridges.
Police say that Bum Fights produces persuaded speed people to fight for the camera exchange for cash payments, food, liquor, and hotel rooms, but one day participants not to tell authorities about the remuneration.
One person broke his leg during a taping session in La Mesa and producers threatened another witness in the case police said,
Bubek and the person were charged with conspiracy, solicitation of a felony crime, and legally paying people to fight they were doing court October 10th for a preliminary hearing.
What's wrong with Bum Fights?
Nothing. They need the money.
Isn't it entertainment? I mean, they're maybe not being right. Maybe because they're not members of the union. Could that be other members of after?
Because Don King isn't their manager.
And anyway, he could get his figure in it. Maybe we'll get Jesse Jackson involved in that too. Okay, after he gets done by that movie, which we'll get in later if we have time.
What a... And Al Sharpen's in on that too. Oh, what?
You don't know what that is? Sure.
It's a thing. It's a thing.
This is one of the... All of them seem to be more and more of these stories. Maybe we just never heard about these before.
Just like the kids being abducted.
Pennsylvania teen dies in Florida hospital.
A severely malnourished teen who authority said was starved by his mother and stepfather died yesterday.
Four days after he was found wandering a Florida town weighing 62 pounds.
On Saturday, 18-year-old Chesterly Miller knocked on the strangers door in Milton, Florida. You know where Milton is?
No.
So by the...
What's that place?
Bratantin? No. Where the bird was from? What does that Yahoo place?
Lakeland?
Lakeland, something that area, I think.
Anyway, it doesn't make any difference where it is. He knocked on the strangers door and Milton asked if he could take a shower and rest.
The woman gave him a sandwich and something to drink and phone for help. The five-foot-three teenager told police his stepfather in Hazleton, Pennsylvania, and put him on a bus to Florida told him to go look for his real dad.
Miller's mother and stepfather, Lydon Miller, 37, and Paul Hoffman, senior 38, were charged in Pennsylvania with aggravated assault and recklessly endangering another day.
After the person, Hazleton Police Chief Edward Harry said investigate his plan to charge the couple with homicide. Excellent.
At a hearing Tuesday, Hoffman said he was on disability for mental illness and that he was deeply sorry for his actions.
I have no idea why I did it, he told the judge.
Janice Goodman said the boy arrived under doorstep Saturday with sunken eyes barely able to stand. She said he'd been turned away from the home of an uncle and nearby town of Baghdad.
That's what I'm in the age.
He looked like a Holocaust victim. He said I felt worried for his safety. I felt that he was going to die right there. Officials in Milton said they didn't know how long the teen was there before he was hospitalized.
He said he'd been here maybe a week but he wasn't sure. He was so malnourished we weren't sure how clear his mind was. Detective Mike Dory said Tuesday.
Investigators said he told Goodman his parents had been very mean to him.
Prosecutor said the boy's mother and stepfather confined him to one room beat him every day, fed him only scraps and didn't let him out of the house to go to school or see friends.
Two other children living in the couple's home were removed in the state custody when the couple was charged. They appeared to be in good health officials said.
Investigators believed that the neglect started in May. Harry said a couple of minutes of abusing the boy but didn't explain why the couple didn't yet have attorneys.
The family lived in downtown Hazelden, his small city, 80 miles north of Philadelphia. Noah's grandma living in an apartment across the hall.
His cousin Clifford shifts to junior 22 said the teen seemed healthy and weighed at least 110 pounds when he last some about six weeks ago.
Right now he's dead.
Let's try it. Hey, that new pull is in a works on there. See, it's a long one. It's a big one. It's a big project.
And Eric is working on it, which we thank him profusely because he sacrificed a lot of calories to do that.
Although when you have that any choices on the pull probably like work off a lot of calories, typing in all those choices.
What do you think? You think? No. Robert's here who I notice now has his own website. Do you see that?
Robert's here.com. That's it. Syndicated comments who's written many, many great comments. He's excellent. He's on top of it.
This particular one was published in what's today? Thursday, Tuesday's L.A. Times. Boyce jumps to the gun with preemptive strikes right. So Robert's here.
President Bush is recently announced strategic global doctrine, which for the first time justifies a preemptive U.S. strike against any regime.
Thought to possess weapons of mass destruction makes a mockery of the war on terrorism. A preemptive strike against home depot where box cutters can be bought for a few bucks would seem more relevant to disarming future terrorists.
After all those tools were deadly enough when used to come and tear the four airplanes across the destruction of 9-11 and the big box store sells fertilizer too. And we all know how deadly that stuff can be.
Convenient over sites like this are all part of that slight of hand this administration specializes into pursuits aims, whether it's a giant tax cutter they'd be throwing of Sodom Hussein, which can always fight a rationale in the days headlines for what he wanted to do all along.
Just in time Bush's former national security strategy released last week attempts to justify such anticipatory military attacks by the U.S. to force stall or prevent hostile acts by our adversaries even if uncertainty remains as to the time and place of the enemy's attack.
The doctrine also says we won't tolerate any nation that seeks military parity with the U.S. This posture will only encourage aggression by the nation such as India, which has every reason to be panicked about the nuclear arsenal unstable government and aggressive rhetoric of its neighbor Pakistan.
Instead of saber rattling Bush should welcome the return of human disarmament inspectors to Iraq. Bush's haste to make war on Iraq is understandable only as a ploy to avoid dealing with the struggle of the U.S. economy, a still shadowy al-Qaeda leadership that hasn't been brought to the heel yet, and the alarming disintegration of the Middle East.
This is a piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of
Of his pieces of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his pieces of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of His piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece of his piece.
weapons, this administration is making a shambles of the anti-ballistic
missile and other arms control treaties so we can make better nukes.
If there's an area in which Bush is truly tutored, it's not on the subject of grammar,
but rather on the historical risk of moral hubris.
Consequently, his administration's answer to while criticisms of his aggressive unilateralism
is that the U.S. is unique, empowered to engage in a unique American internationalism,
formerly known as imperialism.
The man seems simply incapable of countenancing the notion that this nation can ever do wrong.
This was the assumption of imperial emperors throughout history who took over granted
they were improving a lot of their colonies.
We've only looked at the untenable map of the Middle East imposed by France and Britain
to see that this was patently untrue.
Good intentions are often the most damaging and history teaches us to be where the firepower
of the angels of death for they're never restrained by uncertainty of purpose.
In this way, the Bush doctrine is a supremely dangerous cocktail and explosive blend
of the arrogance of our uniquely powerful post-Cold War military strength
laced with a mind-numbing fear of box cutter wielding maniacs.
Where it's from, I've matured on his website today and in Tuesday's LA Times.
I guess I better vote during the break on that poll, huh?
Oh, it's up.
It's up. The poll looks like it's at least on my page. It is on the homepage.
I guess there it is. There it is. You see it?
I did. There it is.
20 till 10 at 5.60 W.D.Q. I'm taking care of your feet.
Remember that song by Bobby V. Bobby V. Take good care of your feet?
Nope.
Yeah, take your good care of my baby feet.
New balances south Florida will take good care of me because they'll hook them up with some
really fantastic walking shoes and running shoes and cross-training and cross-dressing shoes.
If you need shoes for weightlifting any of your other activities, this is the place to find a new balance.
They're unbelievable including those shoes that I'm wearing with those velcro straps for lazy fed old people like me.
They're sensational and comfortable and give you lots and lots of support.
And when you go into new balance, they still do the same old deal, man. They haven't changed.
They still want to make sure you get a perfect fit and the only way to do that is to measure it.
To see how long it is, how wide it is, they grab a hold of it and your foot too.
And you can be guaranteed you're going to have the size in there too, that you're looking for because they got them all from size infants up to size 20.
So even if you got gigantic humongous feet like the lovely Tom Wolling, they'll still get you to whatever you want.
New balances south Florida, they got style sizes and widths as shoes you can only find before and catalogs are by mail orders.
So make your run over to new balance of south Florida. You'll find them in three locations right now in a fourth coming mighty soon.
They're in the Evans Hurumall, they're in Pinecrest in Boca Town Center and coming in November to their brand new location in prestigious Palm Beach Gardens.
If your feet could tack you, they'd kiss you right on the push for schlepping them over to new balance shoes.
I'm a fighter local, this is five sixty. The radio's on your side.
You will.
God.
Have you ever had to explain to your parents your offense? I have downloaded things I must have made it again.
Seems all the time I'd have my eyes on the boots and be high sick in the mind, but I used to do that all of the time.
Every morning noon in night I'd hit a point outside. A bonafide for birded sex I'd go in my own right.
There were places I found with lots of horny bad chicks. So my desktop got those gate pegs all 20 gigs until one day my mother discovered this filthy porn glove.
I kicked me rotten up behind told me my mind's in the gutter and she told my dad about the stuff on my cell. My computer made me a loser and could lend me an hell.
I'm sorry, Bob. I never thought that you could do all those naked girls and guys of tonight. I'm cleaning out my hard drive.
One more time. I'm sorry, Bob. I never thought that you could do all those naked girls and guys of tonight. I'm cleaning out my hard drive.
I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my
I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my
I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my
I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my
I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my
hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm
cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive
I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my
I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my
I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my
I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my
I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my
I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my hard drive. I'm cleaning out my
at least the Bush administration is consistent and banks with separate new state laws, in which in a number of states us medical education ask us no and no and no and as
of English. In San Francisco on Monday, US Attorney General John Ascroft
suggested to Barmery Newtons campaign to have Oregon's four-year-old death with
dignity act thrown out, asking US appeals court to strip participating
Oregon doctors of their right to practice medicine or even to charge them
criminally. This from an administration mind, you wish campaigned on a promise
that the GOP would do better than the meddling Democrats when it came to
respecting the 10th Amendment rights of the several states to decide their own
course on such matters in which the federal constitution grants the central
government no power to meddle in the first place.
Under the Oregon law, overwhelmingly approved by voters there in 1994 and again in 1997,
patients who are given less than six months to live are allowed to request
a lethal dose of drugs only if two doctors confirm that diagnosis and judge the
patient mentally competent to make his or her own decisions. Oregon is reported
at least 91 patients have used the option since Governor John Kitsabria
position signed the law in 1998. According to the federal logic, however,
the lethal prescriptions can be banned on the grounds that they do not
constitute medications under the controlled substance exact, but this gets
the logic of limited government precisely backwards. If the Oregon lethal
doses aren't medications, the federal government has no grounds to ban or
control them any more than can jail doctors for advising their patients drink
more than orange juice on the theory that orange juice is not a recognized
medication. What does it mean to when system Americans still live in a free
country if we don't even retain title or own lives and bodies if those who are
sound of mine are to be forced to live in their final days in agony and physical
humaniation just so no government bureaucrat will ever be forced to confront
the sobering fact that the lives belong to us individually rather than to the
omnipotent state. Oregon patients have already threatened to shoot themselves
of Mr. Ascrop's directive goes into effect reports Georgia Gimmy exactly
directly compassionate and dying organization. How would Mr. Ascrop or
post to prevent that? Stiff new federal restrictions on the sale of bullets?
Whoops! Better not give them any ideas it says. Good editorial in the Las Vegas
review a journal, whatever it is. Yeah, man. Which I'm sure most you don't
read because when you were in Vegas like I said you're busy they don't want
you sitting down reading any newspapers they want your plunge in your brains up.
I'm burned out I don't think I'm going back to Vegas. No. I just am burned out
there's just no point it's like you know if I want to just hand somebody a basket
full of money I can say hey here you go here's a few things. Yeah. No I didn't say
you. I'm talking about somebody's really destitute. Carlos. Yeah. He's on the
payroll baby which means someday he might get paid. Might. You better explain to
him about the fact that just because you're on the payroll don't assume that
necessarily means the transfer of any care. He knows all about it. I see. He's
been listening because we work for the beesleaves and the beesleaves they have
this bizarre attitude like we'll pay if and when we get around to it and if not
just suck this you know. 9.50. That's what Papa Moot told me. He said that's
her mentality. He said you know when it doubt get the hell out and if you don't
like it don't come back. See now I'm looking at that pool. I'm not I'm don't
let me look at it. Oh. Well there's so many choices on there your eyes can't
adjust that fast so I really don't know where the hell it is. At least let me just
see how many votes are on there. 105. 107. Oh I got 107 I'm ahead of you. Isn't
that embarrassing? I'm all the way up here and you're sitting right there not
that that makes any difference and I'm like two votes ahead of you. Here's a
guy that's ahead everybody else in a car witness and that's my good buddy Tom
Layman down there at Halal Pontiac GMC. He is doing it. In fact when you go
there this is such a great guy. He would love to talk about our morning show
number one and about two his AE his account executive which is Bob Eisenberg
and that that must grant that died on Bob's head they still can't get it all.
Anyway they're doing it again down there at Halal if they're offering you 0%
financing and you heard right with a proof credit from GMAC you can get
yourself 0% financing for up to 36 months on all of those spiffy brand new 2003
Pontiacs GMC's in stock right now or take you a rebate of up to 4 grand in
all 2002 Pontiacs GMC models in stock and while you're at Halal just take your
time browse around there's no high pressure they don't hide your keys they don't
play any games with your credit cards and take a little look at the GMC SUV's
in stock including the envoy voted by Motor Trends SUV the year and check out
the all new Pontiac vibe SUV that's got the power of a big fancy shmancy sports car
Halal's also got a dependable selection of great pre-owned cars
correction SUV's and as far as credit is concerned even if you're like on the
cusp if you're on the edge if you're like on the edge of oblivion financially
they'll still work out a deal so if you want an unbeatable deal on Pontiacs
GMC's this is the place Halal Pontiac they've been treating people right for
over 35 years which is why they're still in that same amazing location on US one
that's South Texas see how I cross from the falls 134-1 to be exact open
every day seven days a week for more info call 305-238-40-40 that's 305-238-40-40
for Halal Pontiac GMC who do be professional great
you're sports radio 560-3 AM
Tom, hell it down there kill them
do you have the next million dollar idea and just don't know how to get started
I invented a plug you stick in your butt in case you got diarrhea
do you think a manufacturer would want to produce and market your product and pay you royalties
sure it works pretty good unless you got an industrial case to die area
hey it's all over the floor
and the couch
and the drinks
and the shoes
all the professionals at Universal Consulting Service
we've just drown in
hey must have got to hold some of that candy that PD Lanzo is bringing in you know it
sorbitol drops 10 o'clock at 560 WQ I am
and what a beautiful day this is perfect I think I'm going to like just hang out outside I'm going to leave right now go downstairs go outside
and just stand out there and soak in the sun soak in the rays you know what
you better put something on before you leave
now let me just see 1458 right now see it looks beautiful but it's a little on the chili side yet gonna make 75 today
and this and then Monday supposedly going to be back up to like 77 but in the interim
the parties over as far as the real warm temperatures up here
so won't be able to rub it in quite so much I'm looking at our pool we got 127 votes
and then I put my hand over my eyes real quick
let me put some tape over there
we asked today if you had a chance to recast your 2000 vote for president
what would you do what you be doing huh I vote the same for Gore
67 I vote the same for Bush 28 I didn't vote in the 2013
I voted for Gore but now I vote for Bush 12
I voted for Bush but now I vote for Gore 3
I voted for Nader and I would vote the same 3 I voted for Nader but I vote for Gore now 1
and I voted for Nader but now I vote for Bush none zero
so you take that 12 minus 8 so Bush picked up 8 votes
you see what I'm saying yeah I'm saying works
you understand you picked up a net of 8 on all of this so how many did you win by like 5271 4 to buy
something which was of course what turned the election I think that was at 500 and some odd
so now he's got like 535 and he better save some of these because his son might need him
what are you laughing about that's my next story here from today's hero
if it's in a hero that could be true it might be
now McBride gains on Bush and pool and of course being a Jeb the Jeb Meister
with the new pool show and governor Jeb Bush once a donning lead reduced to just single digits
there were signs from the campaign did I say his son?
slip
well I'm guessing cousin whatever he is his brother
with the new pool show and governor Jeb Bush's once donning lead reduced to just single digits
there were signs from the campaign trail yesterday the Democratic challenger Bill McBride is forcing the incumbent on the defensive
all right how do you like that he's forcing him on the defensive
all right putting him on the fence
as McBride appeared at inner city Miami Elementary School to rail against Bush's system of using standard eyes test up to grade schools
Bush tried out the second installment of a new education plan decided to remind voters that he considers himself the education governor
but even as the governor touted his plan he all the big reporters to stop asking about McBride
any other questions about our proposal he asked during a press conference in Orlando Airport terminal
and they looked at him and thought terminal
the new survey by Mason Dixon pooling and research shows that McBride is close within 6 percentage points of Bush
49 to 43 percent after a 31 point edge that Bush had over the then unknown temple or in the same pool back in February
how do you like that just six points in dropping like a rock
the tighter margin illustrates the ocean acid rock that's a bad term to use when you're talking about the Jeb Bush's family
no
well sometimes they find a rock in your shoe you know we have a walk in and then mountainous terrain
although we don't have any mountains in Florida
maybe it's just some sand in a shoe
or maybe on a spina
the tighter margin illustrates the change solo in the spin on illustrates the dynamics of a governor's race that for months has been considered Bush's to lose
but even as McBride inches closer to the president's brother when they show that the newly crowned Democratic nominee has got work to do
building his image in his party's traditional stronghold of South Florida
hey on you South Floridian South and devoted for Janor Reno
this guy may be kind of a little bit of a Yahoo from Tampa but he ain't Jeb Bush
okay just keep that in mind on November 5th when you go in record breaking numbers especially all you dark-completed people
remember what Jeb Bush tried to do to you okay
and remember that his brother is still whipping up that back to Africa program
see instead of the PTA now we got the VTA back to Africa
McBride made his first personal appeal to the black leaders see there you go
well I'm telling you I am on top of it you know what?
yep
not that it's having any impact at all based on what I'm looking at on that poll which is enough to make me blow somebody's brains out not mine
well I already got this thing on stem cell research that's another area by the way where you ought to be wishing you voted for anybody else
stem cell research it's all very sad it's tragic
anyway can I get back to this?
I McBride made his first personal appeal to the black leaders who had generally backed his primary election rival Janet Reno
who would be critical and McBride victory over Bush on November 5th
McBride ignores that the man he selected as this running mate state senator Tom Rossin got the job only after we asked somebody else first
Ross retiring US representative Carrie Meek and of course we all know she be black
and a private meeting later in the day with about 60 black leaders McBride introduced himself until the group he hadn't spent much time campaigning
and they proud of the primary because he knew was Reno's turf but he noted she and I are together now
what a thought that is huh?
I understand that she was first in their heart and I don't want to change that McBride said
but it's beyond personalities this is about November 5th and who's going to be the next governor
Reno attended yesterday's meeting and several Reno campaign workers have jumped over to the McBride team
when it doubts jump on it baby hop on it
her campaign manager Moe Ellethy became deputy manager what is it becomes deputy campaign manager from McBride
while Reno political director James here is we'll run much of McBride's outreach toward black voters
good news all these farchers out there vote early and often often two three four times
because they don't like to count your votes in Florida anyway so vote several times just to be sure at least one of them gets in
the meeting was upbeat from McBride but we're clear that there were lingering tensions over his tenor following the chaotic primary
that forced Reno to wait a week before conceding
McBride was quizzed about his lukewarm endorphin of Reno's quest to count the votes in South Florida
after he declared the victory McBride largely developed a question about the voting snack saying
it was important to start campaigning against Bush
I've been pretty strong on the need to count the South Florida vote McBride said yesterday
I said a lot it just wasn't as newsworthy
the most pointed questions were directed at McBride's choice of a running mate
Ross and a patrician white haired grandfather who most black leaders don't know
leaders were pleased to learn that McBride recorded represented of me
even if she turned out as offer in an interview yesterday the retiring congresswoman said she would happily campaigned from McBride
we got our two guys she said we got to wrap our arms around them clothes ranks and try to kick Jeff Bush's
Jeff Bush's butt
right that's right
Jeff Bush's butt
Bush meanwhile Don a hard-headed Union Hall in Haya Lea
oh what was he doing there
hmm besides speaking in some former language
Don a hard-headed Union Hall in Haya Lea accepted the endorsement of the state's carpet is Union chap here
and pronounced himself ready to take a two McBride at their first debate Friday night
did you know that they were having a debate tomorrow night?
no alright
officials of the United Brother of Carpenter's and join his America said was the first time their Union endorsed a Republican
for governor of Florida
the Carpenter's while she's not feeling too good anyway
Bush then flew to Orlando to unveil the second and some of his blueprint for achievement a series of
education policy pronouncements intended to build on the eight plus accountability plan
that McBride has made the leading target of his campaign
Wednesday's plan called retaining quality teachers would create more salary bonuses for teachers
to receive national board certification and offer better retirement incentives to encourage teachers to stay in a classroom
as Bush stood on stage with several teachers including one former teacher of the year featured one of his TVS
the press conference tended to a conversation more and more about McBride
and less about the governor's record and ideas
it was the first indication that Bush who once held a large double digitally in the polls over both Reno and McBride
was losing control over the agenda of the race
in contrast McBride faced a bank of TV cameras in the courtyard of Lily C. Evans Elementary School in Liberty City
and railed against using standardized test to grade the schools as several state teacher union members stood by
McBride called the new Mason Dixon survey which pulled 625 registered voters and had a margin of error
4 percentage points astounding and proclaimed that the governor was nervous
nervous he's making in his pants he's so nervous he said
Bush waved off the polls results as merely the Evan Flow of Politics and said those surges always natural for the winner of a primary
I'm actually surprised that I'm that far ahead said
the governor
how do you like that huh?
he's gaining and it's only like 26th of September
he's gaining ground he's picking up for a trail it's like it's like your horse is like about 10 likes ahead of the top of the stretch
and he starts like getting on his hands and knees
you know the second place behind him is just roaring
roaring like a gigantic freight train like an express train going to pass him like he's standing still
like he's in reverse
and he does he goes whizzing on by
one I'll see yeah
I'm just looking at that pool
what's the what's the edge for the helmet
you know that you know that the thing about I vote now for you know that we're getting some loonies in there
I didn't want to say it
well why not?
because then he'll double his efforts
I know he won
who cares
so you just you just don't get it man you said when we did the pool just shut up just dummy up okay you don't get it
don't don't keep planning you keep planning that's what you're like did no no I did not
all right so you don't understand the nuances
you don't understand the minds of sick twisted and you think haven't done this long enough but I guess you need one more summer
although based on this last number
anyway if you had a chance to re-accast your 2000 vote for president where would it go what would you do?
I vote the same for Goura 94 I vote the same for Bush 34 I didn't vote in 2018 and shame on you okay that's 18 already
we only got what we got here 19 now we got a hundred and 76 votes and there's already 19 people didn't vote
don't you feel bad about those people no we could have used desperately we could have used you two years ago okay
we can use you big time I thought your votes would have counted
I voted for Goura but now I vote for Bush 15 see what you did I voted for Bush but now I vote for Goura 4 I vote the same
Nader 4 I voted for native but now I vote for Gour 2 and I voted for native but now I vote for Bush none none
so let's see 6 9 right 9 is the margin that Bush has picked up there not he's picking up votes now they're Bush
I'm scared I'm scared believe me but hey you know don't confuse the public with the facts because the one thing that they always said is they're over
I still ate the intelligence of the American public which is why they put this out for you no one in their first place
there's an article I got here somewhere which I guess I'll never get to but I just should just should reference it now
I can't stand people who say reference it but I just I should reference it now about scientists discovered that we're not really that closely related to like chimps
did you see that no I got it's way way way down here I'll never get to it but at any rate and I look at him I look at that Alfredine Newman deer in the headlights look on his
push and I say to myself well maybe I'll redo the study okay because where then this is not a joke this is not funny
this is not a time for an and of course Al Gore is he pathetic and by the way Bokeh Brian don't be sitting
many are more copies of Al Gore speeches okay Jesus Christ in Joseph and Mary sends me that I'm delighted to receive his disc
that was nice but to find in there the text of Al Gore speech man I'm here looking to have a good time not just to go into a coma
I'm going to go into a coma listen next time that Hank is in out there one day you know who's going to be on for him
don't want to say it yeah just I just don't understand it but that's the American public out there and of course they're so emotional
and you see the poll they're being manipulated just like you see those strings in the Godfather in the beginning the puppets on the string
that's how the public has been manipulated get them all whipped up get them all emotional and like Carl Rhofe said you know you don't you don't start
marketing a new product in August because everybody's on vacation it's the dog days you wait till after Labor Day
and then of course when you got the anniversary of 9-11 to capitalize on a whip up the flags and get that orange alert on there
and get everybody duly patriotic and all we got to get all hysterical now and we got to go in there because something has changed
anything changed is sought a more threatening day than he was six months ago a year ago no
and even when an impassioned bunch of bull crap by Tony Blair the other day which have no respect left for him
probably too much spotted dick that's his problem and they're still there's still nothing there nothing new
same old crap same old song and advance
what am I getting excited about huh I don't know I should just
right 1013 at 560 WDQAM with your busy lifestyle and you need all the stuff you can pop in your body to stay healthy
and here's something you can pop right any old mouth and it's all you'll mad it's a super new product
more more people are buying it more more people are using it it contains pharmaceutical rate
olive oil along with lots of other fantastic stuff in that little teeny tiny cancel and by the way these aren't horse pills
these are easy to swallow along with the olive oil is vitamins minerals and herbals and they've concocted a separate product
to aim at each different part of your health they have one for your heart there's one to lower your blood pressure
one for your cholesterol one designed to help your prostate one for your circulatory system
there's one for your digestive and endocrine system one for your skin and bones and even one for your mind
all using the benefits of the purest and finest olive oil that you'll find anywhere is
and all your med makes products to help men and ladies as well I don't think we have any ladies anymore by the way
two or three we have one or two it's an outstanding new product if you'd like to pick some up you can do so at Whole Food Markets
Walgreens, Sedano, Snovaro Pharmacies or get more information about all your med before you buy it if you'd like by calling their tool free number
1 866 all your med that's 1 866 OLE OMED and even order on their website too just go online and check out all your medamerica.com
this is 420 O'Flight City
you way up
no lingers and psychiatry brought us to this
I don't know why they hate me or why they always rape me it must be because I got you full and ready for full
they are on my arm like a random alley napalaka what I got things on my nose nobody knows that under my clothes I wear pentehose
but that don't mean that I'm gay if you think my arms are bad you ought to see my legs and my Israel people smoothing shave
to show a little clasped the next time I'm raping it I can go to a surgeon but that gives me the shivers
I would not want to walk out looking like Joan Rivers where am I? I buy a little beast the fat little freak I did him a favor now again upon the heat
the reason I dismissed that sneak and fat bastard is because he wouldn't shut up and he can't play conestin
I saw him talking over there nobody talks when I rap I rap ten you talk
look at me I'm big head I ain't no square I'm a ding dong daddy man I'm really dead
I buy a ready what I want I don't care but believe they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair
I got fired myself it even happens to the grapes Westwood once said you can out of here I'll break your legs
so now I sit by the pool life since good as it gets with my paladin cocktail placing bets on the gins
paradise paradise I don't kiss nobody's ass in paradise
I'll be shipping up the screwkins when I get the chance that the cleaners aren't ready with my lime green pants
I'm going to say take healthy calling the plate it was just a little thought so what I left this day
I think that's funny one enough of sandwich buddy I can do what I want because the management loves me
gonna tell you something more something you ought to know but the longest time I wanted you to be my own
you I might die foul now I'm straight now no who's pretty old boy I won't take no for an answer to that
but it's time that you
you're not out of it
you're not out of it
you're not out of it
you're not out of it
you're not out of it
1019 at 560 WNQA I didn't realize that you played the comb
hey I'm the proficient guy excellent job anyway we got 205 votes and I just realized during that break that I left the category off of this pool today
oh no for the old Jews and Palm Beach you voted for Buchanan
oh yeah we should have that on there I voted for Buchanan but I meant to vote for Gore we're probably have somebody yeah
yeah that would be interesting yeah why not we have some of those people who might be listening
remember we had those frantic calls on that couple of women up Palm Beach County oh I'm not really sure I wanted to vote for Gore
but I think I might have voted for Buchanan and then come to fight out show enough
I wonder how many of those there were actually they ever actually I don't think they finally had a number they'll never know they'll never know but I do remember one thing my good close personal friend
Pat Buchanan who's far less to the right than he used to be even though he's still he's kind of like a benign not so as opposed to the malibu not so used to be
but anyway remember he said he disavowed those votes he didn't want them right because he knows that they weren't intended for him
see if it would have been the fair thing Catherine Harris would she'd have jumped right in there
it said okay well let's give those over to Al Gore because we know the old Jews and Palm Beach certainly weren't voting for Buch
well speaking of Catherine Harris this is hysterical so last night I guess I'll use this story next
did I tell you I guess I didn't tell you before the show that Barney Fag and Taganist Dick Army
yes was on with Chris Matthews and hardball I like peace and quiet and I don't need to listen to Barney Fag
party Frank Rangin in my ear because I made a few bucks off a book I worked on and of course the big
counterview this is in the Braydenton newspaper by the way what is the name of their paper Braydenton
something because I saw was on air I don't even know what the name of the paper is well Braydenton Herald
that's original and you know something I noticed the it's owned by the Miami here must be owned by a
nightrider okay because it's got the same format the website you know I mean yes anyway Army says
he's anti liberal US House majority leader Dick Army sticking to his guns despite complaints from
national Jewish groups and fellow members of Congress after his comments wild local Jewish leaders
boy he said it he meant it and it's true said Richard Diamond spokesman for Army Republican of
Texas who's retiring thank God there's no stereotype there's no characterization and he made an
anti liberal comment surprise but despite the congressman's attempts to dismiss the growing criticism his
comments at a recent roundtable forum in Sarisota that liberal Jews have a shadow intellect while conservative
Jews have deep intellect are appearing in media outlets as diverse as the London based financial
times and Capitol Hills congressional quarterly the LA Times and CNN how do you like that I diamond
said Army was not making a statement about Jewish people in particular but a statement about liberals in
general is something that he's never shy away from it was a hundred percent liberals versus conservative
diamond said he's a friend of the Jewish community but not the liberals one of the things that they were
trying to defend last night is that Catherine Harris was in the audience and she didn't say nothing
okay as if that's your make it every time I think it was on press and becannon to build press just
went ballistic is so in other words the fact that she was in the audience that makes a difference
that she would have like spoken up is she Jewish no no anyway two of Army's colleagues aren't buying that
explanation a joint statement released by U.S. Representative Martin Frost Democrat of Texas and U.S.
Representative Neal Lod Democrat New York both Jewish announced Army's denounced Army's
divisor Marx as breathtaking in their ignorance we're certain we speak for people of every
religious nothing background condemning these disparaging comments about the millions of Jews
and other Americans who haven't disagree with this right wing ideology the statement said that
right wing son of a bitch fanatical lunatic who by the way is also opposed against this invasion of a
rack the anti-deformation league is criticized army though the league stopped
short of accusing him of being anti-Semitic they just said he was anti-Semitic I guess the
four words start to that's the president's anti-Semitic the national Jewish Democratic
Council was less guarded in its response saying Army defamed Jewish people by calling them
shallow Army stereotyping statements are ignorant but much more importantly the divisive said
I reform and the council's executive director armies office called the criticism transparent
they're just ceasing on this they weren't there they're just picking up the newspaper and saw an
opportunity to make an unsubstantiated slide against the biggest supporter of Israel and Congress
time and said they're only objective is to score political points and of course this business
about supporting Israel just like that article you sent me and other Jones about the right
wing this is nothing this has been going on way back in the beginning when I was in WS news
about a hundred years ago when Jerry Falwell in that whole movement of these evangelical Christians
were starting and there was Barbara Studdly this right wing fully bitch on there that they
had propped up to run for political office and every night on her pathetic show that preceded
mine I just love Israel the Jewish people I love my love anybody remember that huh I bet
you remember that some of you long time chronic listeners Barbara Studdly the Jewish people I
love my love my love Israel because they were planning to run her for office they were
sucking up to the old Jews which thank the Lord she never did wind up running for anything although
she did some interesting things in that kitchen in that station but nevertheless oh Senator Hill how
Senator Hill just calm down Barbara calm down so that whole business about the right wing Christians you
know on their love for Israel it's only for one reason and that's because they can't wait for Armageddon
I mean you know if I tell you how much I love you but it's only because I hope you're going to
die pretty soon that's probably not a really that's not a ringing endorsement crazy
religious to love Israel and of course the Jews a lot of the Jews a lot of these Zionists all well you
know come on board you know and that's why they had that big love affair with Jerry fall well and
every other right wing of boy that came down the pike because oh they love Israel but the problem is
they loved it for the wrong reason assholes God people are so freaking stupid so shallow
their shadow is a god damn waiting pond you know I'm talking about what are you talking about I'm
talking about people who are maybe the most intelligent thing that they could say would be like that if
they could like blurred it out don't get yourself all worked up again okay don't let go back into
the past the time is rolling along you know just take those paychecks if and when they ever show up if and
when keep that in mind Carlos well you know you always you can always like use the money like a fantasy
thing in your mind you know the fact they had that money I could pay this real like a duvet like monopoly
money right green stamps let me take a look at this pool here 17 to 7 is 10 minus 9 he's picked up
young and then a nine bush can you believe that no that is scary so in other words no matter what the
hell I say on this show no matter how many brilliant articles I read how many brilliant comments any of us make
forget about it don't confuse them with the facts they're all goose stepping baby
go into this war we want to have this debate we don't want to get it over with an off the agenda so you're saying that
for the democrats this could be a political opportunity the same thing that they're accusing every
publicans of doing of using this war as a political they're all about your political horrors honey yeah get
with it how does she stupid what is her name Darren Kagan I don't know 1026 I'm getting the digital
cable in here so I can watch MSNBC I'm getting that in this room to even cost me more money because I'm I can't handle
CNN it's certainly not news is there anybody out there who's not planted VIP sports book calm to get
with it a lot of ads are out there these days but you need to do some research before you're
plugged down your hard and money at some unstable third world sports book like maybe in Georgia or
somewhere let's help you out VIP sports book calm is the only book that is unanimously endorsed by the industry
watch those unanimous meaning each and every one of them their Dutch based which means they're
a okay and they smoke a lot of weed and one of the first online sports books too so if you want to go on a
role of a lifetime you want to be with the best sports book going and that's VIP sports book calm the football
season is in full swing patriots are going to kick the crap who they play in this weekend nobody knows
who to pay for its plan this weekend Carlos find out for you the offens are playing in Kansas City
going to get their ass beat but who now the Patriots play anyway the football season is in full swing
and they're hurting their heracles are playing Edison high so you need to be with the best sports book in the
world VIP sports book calm open on account online get you a 15% cash sign up bonus to and did I mention this
time that they got the highest probably odds in the world up to 2001 and they do so get over to VIP sports
book calm played a book with class call 866 VIP bets oh San Diego by the way thank you San Diego just
on them 866 VIP bets of waiting for go to VIP sports book calm and get that 15% cash bonus sign up right now VIP sports
book calm where you be the VIP
why I look all down your sports radio 560s you a you a
M you fudge back in good evening my fellow Americans I was not elected to serve your interests
together we will address some of society's deepest problems vice president go in his family
if something else I ask you ask every American I ask for you to party I know Americans want parties
and it will be a foundation of my administration I'm optimistic that we can party and I will give it my
all thank you very much and God bless America
Party
yeah
32 at 560 WQ I am happy Thursday to get the mad dog at one hand could three hand with Bino
5 to 6 and then the Marlon stuff Marlon's at the spows boy it's sorry and any and speaking of Marlon's
wow I don't want to mention any names of people that have like painted their Veracos veins white and green allegedly
but wow talk about turning talk about being a front running phony
ah baseball blows and nobody cares about them and they suck them about it's all football
man I business the same guy that was going on hysterically about you don't want to lose your baseball
team and they got a wonderful exciting young team and everybody should go out there and support them
and we got to get some people involved in the blah blah blah blah already 2000 ahead of the 1500 we had last night
brother pretty sad if he asked me but what yeah you know then again what I'll do I know you know what I'm saying there's only one thing I know
yo yo yo let's rate hold
anyway moving right along suspected Al Qaeda Camp scene in Iran in Iran that's where the N right or some of the
politicians would say Iran US intelligence has detected a suspected Al Qaeda training company
remote area of eastern Iran along the border with Afghanistan sources told NBC news overran imagery shows what appears to be a training camp
complete with a terrorist obstacle course on a rifle range much like those Al Qaeda using Afghanistan it trained for assassinations
it's been reported previously that number of Al Qaeda leaders has fled to eastern Iran but this will be the first evidence that Al Qaeda was
actually using Iran to resume terrorist training sources told NBC news that while Iran's civilian government may not know the training camp is there
Iran's military and intelligence certainly would there was no word yesterday impossible US efforts to deal with these suspected Al Qaeda camp
Iran's relationship with Al Qaeda appears to have been tenuous at best in the early 1990s but by the late 90s it was filled with ill will it
even include an attempt to assassination by Iran of the Taliban's leader in Al Qaeda's protector Mohal and Mohamed Omar in August 1999
Mohal Bula moreover it's hard to determine how much if any official cooperation there's ever been between Al Qaeda and the
Iranian government documents and testimony in East Africa embassy bombing to out indicate that some in the Iranian government among its clerics and the terrorist organization his
law if it contacts with high ranking members of Al Qaeda including at least one meeting involving Osama Imam bin Laden
however US officials said that while there had been contacts they were believed to have been peripheral there is also no evidence of any joint attacks only some discussions and training
official said as to the possibility of an Iranian link to 9-11 a senior intelligence official said we don't believe that there is no such evidence
and I guess what he meant was just like there's no such evidence as is any link with Iraq for the attacks of 9-11
you know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh. Yeah.
Thomas L. Friedman writes in the New York Times this is from a couple of days ago yesterday as a matter of fact did end.
Did end.
He says I happen to be in Israel on September 11, 2001 on September 12, one to the Israeli Defense Ministry to talk to security experts
there about what Israel had learned from dealing with the Palestinian suicide bombers that might help America.
The main lesson they said was this in the end the only people who can effectively stop suicide bombers are those in the community they come from only if they're political and spiritual leaders
delogitimized suicide bombing only if their security forces and intelligence agencies are mobilized to prevent it can't really be stopped.
Israel they told me could never penetrate Palestinian society the way Palestinians could.
Therefore the ultimate task for Israel was to find the right pressures and incentives to get the Palestinians themselves to stop the bombings.
Unfortunately that message doesn't seem to have reached Prime Minister Ariel Sharon who I believe has never had a plan for how to reach a stable accommodation with the Palestinians is only interested in making the West Bank safe for Israeli settlers to stay not leave and is going to lead Israel in way dead end if he sticks to his present course and will take America long for the ride.
I have a normal sympathy for Israel's plight today there's no society in the world that's ever been exposed to what Israel has over the past two years repeated suicide bombings of its civilians in their buses restaurants and city centers compounded by anti-Semitic attacks by Europeans.
The Palestinians will call for a severing of ties with Israeli universities when Israel retaliates that's enough to make any civilized society crazy but the Sharon response isn't working.
Months ago Mr. Sharon dismissed the Assar Amafart as a relevant smash the security services and an unsusurried attention to assume responsibility for its own security in the West Bank.
But when Palestinian suicide bombers from Hamas and Islamic jihad then perpetrate more suicide bombings Mr. Sharon attacks Mr. Erafar Tedquarters as if he sent the bombers himself.
If Mr. Sharon believes that Mr. Erafar sent these bombers then he should have victim. If he thinks Mr. Erafar is a relevant then he should ignore him.
But what makes no sense is to treat Mr. Erafar as if he's totally relevant and totally responsible because all that does is get Palestinians to rally around the feckless Mr. Erafar and abort any possibility of Palestinians producing a new leadership that would be relevant to negotiations and to his ready security.
That's not just blunt call for Palestinians to dump Mr. Erafar and thanks to Mr. Sharon's crackdown on Palestinians to prove that the foolish intifada they launched two years ago and the wake of President Clinton's peace overture will not pay.
Israel and the U.S. had begun to sow the first seeds of inter and journal Palestinian reform that were needed for them to reign in the suicide bombers.
For the past months a few Palestinian leaders and commentators have been speaking about what a mistake it was for Mr. Erafar to have turned down the Clinton plan for a Palestinian state.
Palestinian legislators have voted no confidence in Mr. Erafar's cabinet and pushed forward more responsible alternatives and secular Palestinians have begun openly questioning suicide bombing.
All of these trends are bad news for Hamas, Islamic Jihad, Iraq and Iran so they've been pushing out even more suicide bombers to trigger a Sharon reaction that would rally Palestinians around Mr. Erafar's failed leadership and abort the emergence of any new consensus Mr. Erafar is celebrating.
Mr. Sharon has a tough job he has to pursue a peace settlement with the Palestinians as if there were no terrorism and a hunt of terrorists as if no peace settlement were possible.
That requires subtle distinctions but Mr. Sharon's policy seems to be to ignore all distinctions between Hamas and Erafar and between Hamas and his secular Palestinian mainstream would like to see change.
One has to wonder whether Mr. Sharon really is now to undermine the whole Palestinian national movement in hopes that one day some quizzling Palestinian authority simply surrenders to the Israeli occupation.
He sure doesn't seem interested in nurturing a more responsible Palestinian authority to see land to.
If that's where Mr. Sharon is going it will come to tears and the bush team if it goes along to the ride will be very sorry.
Always remember the leading Hebrew biography of Mr. Sharon is entitled he doesn't stop at red lights.
How do you like that pretty good column huh?
Pretty good.
By Thomas Fremont then say all the things that you'd like.
Yeah.
Well for example in the first paragraph there you missed one said.
How many votes we got on the pool how many votes 247.
I've voted for Bicanum but I wanted to vote for Gordon.
Oh well nice going Eric he got that honor already I forgot all about even saying that.
All you all Jews up there in Palm Beach they're not listening to this show the old Jews in Palm Beach.
Yeah maybe one or two see that probably too embarrassed to admit this because they know that we're going to trace it.
And we're going to come to their house and take away their sweet and low and their walker if we ever find where they are.
I mean talk about stupid man stupid.
Don't be blaming at poor Miram what else are named Theresa Lapur don't be blaming that stupid bitch she can't help it.
It was her mouth.
I voted for Nader but I'd vote for Bush too.
I voted for Nader but now I vote for Gore too so that's a wash.
I don't I don't believe that I vote the same for Nader five.
Oh oh and you notice how prominent he is these days how he's really speaking out.
No not on anything not just about invading Iraq but about the economy but every other guy damn thing it's going to where the hell is he and others.
But he don't use on there every guy damn that MSNBC.
Do we see Ralph Nader?
No.
No because these some numbers they realize nobody wants to see him but called stubborn is what it's called.
I voted for Bush but now I vote for Gore eight.
I voted for Gore but now I vote for Bush 19.
19 so he's picked up 11 votes.
I didn't vote in 2027.
I vote the same for Bush 45.
I vote the same for more 139.
So Bush is pulling away okay.
Now is that because he's more popular now because of this war thing and because of people feeling sorry and I'm loving everything over.
Where's that because Gore is such a piece of crap?
That one.
That's the second one.
Wow.
Fautum who think is not a threat to seriously the fact that Bokobryon sent me that transcript the other day.
That was enough to make me scream.
What the hell do that again?
I mean don't do that again.
How many trees do they have to chop down and it was long too with like pages and pages and pages.
It was like a lot left in there with these covers for his new CD that is coming out with Bokobryon.
In fact you know if we don't call it Mowbits we should could always call it.
What the hell do that?
Call it then.
But the one where Bush must have his kiss and condolence.
She's got that same look on her face that Chelsea had on her face.
Do you remember that picture?
They all bet out of shape about that.
I saved it.
I saved it.
Look of a rousal.
In fact you can imagine where he's got his hand now.
To get into elicit a look on her face like that.
I think he's cupping one.
I'm not so sure it's a press.
Hey they say she's got big balls.
How many of the press are the situation?
You have to have big balls to work for Chevron.
10.41 to 5.60 WQ Months.
Let's forget about all of this.
Okay and the way the world is right now with all the kind of crazy stuff they're trying to unload on us.
You need a good night's sleep.
Then you wake up in the morning feeling refreshed.
You know actually this morning I woke up and I just hopped right out of bed.
You alarm went off and I just hopped right out.
So maybe my mattress is making a comeback.
Or maybe psychologically I was thinking about getting back home and sleeping on a great mattress.
I got from dial amacrus.
For many years now I've been sleeping on mattresses from dial amacrus,
which is why I'm in such good shape.
No seriously you wake up in the morning feel refreshed.
Because if you don't have a good mattress your back is crappy and cranky and you feel like garbage all day long.
So if the old mattresses had it and gets you the great new mattress you're looking for the easy,
the inexpensive way by making one e-c phone call.
1-800 mattress just that one call.
Don't leave the house, don't go running around, don't go comparison shopping.
It's a waste of time.
They got the best mattresses in the world.
Surda, Celi, Simmons and King Cora.
And as far as delivery is concerned, Commission is unbeatable.
Within a couple of hours after your call they can be there knocking on your door.
Or any two are one of that's convenient for you any day, seven days a week when you're going to be home.
And they also give you that unbeatable 30 day home comfort,
travel to private new mattress out and they give you exceptionally low everyday prices.
And they don't give you the old bait and swish either.
In other words, exactly the mattress you're looking for in the brand name.
They got it for you ready for immediate delivery.
So if you want to get your back into a great shape called dial amacrus right now,
you'll be sleeping in real comfort right away.
Call 1-800-MACRUS, 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S, or check them out on my wicked worldwide web if you like.
That gets easy. Just go to a mattress dot com.
My life and locals. This is 4356.
Way to a M.
We're number one.
Demons.
There's an old saying that says, boom, we want to shame on you.
Can't get fooled again.
Last time we were in Iraq, I guess we failed.
How's that single, Georgie? What is it again?
I'm not saying the more we snooped, the less we found.
Pull me once.
I'm not knowing nuclear.
Capabilities.
Disappointing our inspection teams.
Cause we got a face that he isn't deceiving.
There won't be a trace if we go back this time.
We're out of luck.
It's easy to see, but there won't be a damn thing we'll ever find.
He thinks we are more or less idiots.
Thinking he can hide the stuff he's got.
What's the use of searching?
What do we got to gain?
Don't you know you can't try side down, O'Sine?
Cause we got a face that he isn't deceiving.
There won't be a trace if we go back this time.
We're out of luck.
It's easy to see, but there won't be a damn thing we'll ever find.
You're right about this pull by the way.
They're in high gear now.
Anyway, somebody that faxed me this yesterday from that.
What's that website about Bush is a schmuck.com or whatever that is?
Some of his 8 million misstatements.
There's an old saying in Tennessee.
I know it's in Texas.
Probably in Tennessee that says, he can't even figure out what he's talking about.
That says, full me once, three second pause, shame on four second pause, shame on you, six second pause.
Full me, can't get fooled again.
Now what was it again in the beginning of that bit?
There's an old saying that says, bull me once, shame on you, can't get fooled again.
See what I'm saying?
Yes.
Shocking.
Idiot.
Can 40, then you call our president an idiot?
Yes.
Well, you are absolutely correct.
Hey, our Dutch friend faxed me this morning as you noticed because he's out of control now.
Hold a mornin.
Thomas in headin.
We don't have any women.
We don't have no Thomas.
Damn it.
New York City to I already had this story.
Thank you very much.
We sent me the Dutch version because he was afraid that somebody might intercept the facts
before we get to meet you knew that you didn't understand no Dutch.
Why are people paranoid?
Why would you intercept the story?
I don't know.
You don't intercept anything unless it's like from one of the chronics and you just know I don't want to see it.
I'm going to do a bad job at that.
Do a terrible job of that, especially that little retard with a little squiggly.
Why are you picking on me?
Why are you doing it?
You know, and then after you read like four words, you see the writing.
You throw in a waste basket.
Every single day that I've been on this radio station over five years now, this quizzling has been sitting there with his hand way inside his leg.
Listen.
You know, because what you discover is I've told you this before, the people who are finding you the most defensive, but also find you the most fascinating.
They just can't leave.
I mean, they're always going to be there.
They couldn't leave for lover money.
Sex has a new home in New York City.
The porn shops and peep shows of Times Square is maybe gone, but they will not be forgotten.
Currency of the Museum of Sex and Adults Only Institution dedicated to chronicling some of those basic urges known to man and woman.
Four years in the conception, the high ground museum among the low rise office buildings on Fifth Avenue in 27th Street opens to the public Saturday with its debut exhibition, New York City Sex House, New York City Transform Sex in America.
Part historical, part educational, part entertaining, and certainly part titillating.
Say that fast titillating.
The museum offers a journey through the sexual landscape of the city starting from mid 19th century via photographs, posters, art, objects, documents, film cartoons ranging from the benign to x-rated graphics.
That's right about the hotels about those right winger goyem and the hotels over the appornal movies yesterday.
The fact that the public out there just thinks that this is the way the whole world is.
I mean here we are talking about how backward they were in Afghanistan for the good of all nations.
And look what we're doing.
Why a museum of sex executive director Daniel Gluck said the absence of one screamed out of them.
Last when you were in New York didn't it scream at you?
It's not like it's been a lifelong dream to open a museum of sex it just struck me Gluck said it Wednesdays press preview.
The gallery was in the state of virtual undress with only a third of the exhibition available for viewing.
It's like if there was no museum of modern art I said why isn't there a museum of sex it's just as important as that.
You must be at least 18 years old to plunk down the 17 dollar admission price for the museum which might become a dating destination with its closing time of 9 p.m. on Fridays and Saturdays.
The museum takes itself and subject very seriously.
The curator, Grady Turner was formerly director of exhibitions at the New York Historical Society,
whereas tenure included without sanctuary, lynching photography in America among the museum's best attend exhibitions.
Well we got to see that.
The museum's board of historian advises numbers 14 most of whom are college academics.
The surprising thing is that this is the first serious museum of sex to open in the US said Dr. June Reinsich,
former director of the Kinsey Institute at Indiana University and a senior advisor to the museum.
It says a lot about America America is still conservative sexually she says you see them in Hummerd, Copenhagen, Paris, Amsterdam, in Spain.
Japan has got one even Shanghai has got a sex museum.
Then of course they have the museum of torture the SNS and museum in Amsterdam as well.
Yeah, probably.
It's about QAM.
I got some long pieces here today.
Okay, and I don't apologize up front even though I may evidently be making no impact.
All of these crank votes, you're not fooling anybody anymore.
Okay.
It's just ridiculous.
John Prado.
Now this is from the American prospect which you can find online.
www.prospect.org.
Don't ask, don't tell.
The Bush administration is playing politics with the investigation of the 9 11 intelligence figures
and standing in the way of full accounting rights, John Prado's.
Join hearings on the intelligence figures that preceded 9 11 to replace in Washington last week only to be convening the upstage by the Bush administration's demand for resolution of congressional approval for war against Iraq.
As a result, the real significance of what did and did not happen in the post 9 11 investigation threatens to become lost in the cacophony of the Iraq debate.
Adding to the frustrations of the Senate select committee on intelligence and the House permanent select committee on intelligence,
the Iraqi war issue is sure to pull members into their more political roles and kind of the time already limited available for their investigation of the most serious lives of intelligence and recent memory.
Though sidetracking or stalling the intelligence investigation has been an administration aim and though Bush officials seem to have succeeded in the short run, late last week the White House suddenly abandoned its formally staunch opposition to an inquiry by a commission independent of the intelligence committees.
What happened here is an important indicator of both the real aims of the Bush administration and the strength of the political forces that work in this matter.
In paneled in late 2001, the joint inquiry was charged with making a full investigation into the response of the U.S. government including that of the intelligence community to international terrorism.
The original three choices have been for this inquiry to be undertaken either by standing committees of Congress, a special investigating committee or independent commission.
The Bush administration initially opposed all alternatives calling them a distraction from the war on terrorism but eventually promising to cooperate with the joint inquiry.
The intelligence committees began their investigation in February and initially anticipated public hearings beginning in April.
That date later slipped to June and then the September part of the reason was disarray within the joint committee but part was the massive undigested data it was given.
Authorities took credit for handing over some 200,000 documents.
Staff director Elbritt Snyder, a former CIA inspector general, was obliged to resign April 26 when emerged that he had been slow to inform some puriers that another former CIA officer hired for the staff was under investigation for failing a polygraph test for his agency security clearance.
Successor Eleanor Hill certainly needed time to get the investigators on track but the difficulties within an 11 and courier by no means of the committee's making.
The 23 staffers that conduct them almost 200 interviews and collected 30,000 documents on their own by May.
For George W the real danger in the investigation and always been that it might reveal that his administration's approach to terrorism had been lack of a day's ago prior to the attacks on the American Washington.
Arguably this was the true reason for his initial opposition to an inquiry or independent commission.
It was certainly the reason for the defensiveness of the national secreted advisor Condoleezza Rice and others when it was revealed in May that Bush actually had received the CIA briefing on Osama bin Laden's methods including his interest in using aircraft months ahead of the attacks.
Vice President Cheney's harsh criticism of the committee in June after news broke that the NSA had intercepted messages indicating imminent action immediately prior to the attacks.
Information on White House itself had mentioned although in lesser detail only days after the attacks had a political effect about a cutting the credibility of the inquiry.
The FBI investigation of BLEEC to which committee chairman agreed became an important roadblock to the investigative progress of the committee's time was soaked up responding to FBI inquisitors.
A practical setback that was made worse by the chilling effect of allowing the FBI the agency the committee was investigating to turn the tables and investigate the committee.
Meanwhile the administration declared a welfare data about the provision of terrorism intelligence to Bush and the declassification process that preceded last week's open hearings refused to release material indicating presidential awareness even where the substance of the documents was known or being declassified.
Moving into the hearings the White House refused to permit open testimony by any intelligence agency chief or by the secretaries of state or defense.
Instead the public was treated to deputate defense secretary Paul Wolfeowitz using the intelligence inquiry as a platform for advocating a war with Iraq.
Apart from a few mid-level intelligence analysts and FBI special agents who testified on the specifics of individual terrorist slipping undetected into the U.S.
The administration has provided no commentary on the role of U.S. intelligence informing the president on terrorism.
In a recent interview with the New York Times joint committee co-chairman Senator Bob Graham of Florida remarked we were told that there would be cooperation in this investigation and I questioned that.
I think that most of the information our staff has been able to get is that is real meaningful.
It has had to be extracted piece by piece.
Similarly the Senate Intelligence Committee's Vice Chairman, Alabama's Republican Richard Shelby, asked on NBC television and were getting the cooperation we need.
Shelby answered his own question.
Absolutely not he said.
On September 18th the first day of the joint committee's open hearings so presented the investigative staff report on intelligence before 9-11.
The statement that a review of information reported on top U.S. officials in the so-called senior executive intelligence brief shows that terrorism information appeared quite frequently.
The brief show that coverage of in London specifically rose during the spring and summer of 2001, taking in June when Islamic extremists were referred to in real reference to an 18 of 298 such articles.
This type of report is a lesser version of the government's top intelligence product, the president's daily briefs.
Though the joint committee investigators reported nothing about the intelligence given to Bush, the clear inference to be drawn here is that the record is much more extensive than previously understood.
We have to put it on pause, okay? We have to do the break.
Like I said, there are some lengthy bedtime stories today and I am going to read them whether that one asshole answered it or not.
Stick it baby.
Bedtime stories are my big fat old Jewish ass.
1057 at 560 WQM you want some great shoes. Brandy shoes has been doing a right by people for a long time.
That is why there is still one of those places in institution in that same location they have been for about 400 years.
Brandy shoes you will find about 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompo, and they only carry the top names in a business.
They have got rock ports, SAS, Sparies, Timberland naturalizers and lots more.
They know your feet inside and out and they give you the lowest prices anywhere which of course is what most good shoppers are concerned about.
They want quality, they want selection, but they want low prices, they want to save some cash and Brandy's you always do that.
Brandy's is open daily 9 till 9 some days 10 till 5 and like I said they are in that same great location you have been knowing and loving them for your whole lifetime, 1290 North Federal Highway in prestigious Pompo,
and don't forget that final summer clearance out closeouts right now at Brandy's it is still going on.
Save up to 73% on famous brands right now for limited time only at Brandy's shoes in Pompo, and OBS.
My life and local this is 4205 60 WQM.
They are very difficult with me this morning.
I just can't stop moving my work is really sore.
I don't know what that means.
Oh god you come so far.
My parents found me cause of my two days.
I want to go and there if I want you.
I'm praying that the cards will be you.
I'll sting you if I will move it just for you.
It wasn't number one it's number two.
I wouldn't go in there if I want you.
Are you a let's go.
They found a Virginia.
Yes.
And now the same remains probably were not like little Jennifer what that was her name smart short.
Probably not her but they're not positive they're still like they're trying to find the crossbones to go with it.
Anyway getting back to this article here who wrote this.
John Prados in the American prospect not much more.
He says the record of what Bush new goes directly to the issue of accountability for 9-11.
The president's most substantive action the months before the attacks taken on May 8th 2001 was to announce creation of an office for preparedness within the federal emergency management administration.
An agency whose budget was cut to be cut under the existing administration budget proposals.
A policy review of covert action against been a lot of been completed by April but stalled within the NSC the National Security Council.
I wasn't turning into a plan until after White House policy directive signed in August 2001 by Khan D'Alesa not by Bush himself.
The president was directly responsible for the operation of the NSC and its staff which delayed moving the covert action program for council discussion from June until September despite all the intelligence and quite apart from the failure to apprehend the terrorists.
Positioning themselves for the events of 9-11.
Both Cheney and Rice said declared that the president's daily briefs cannot see the light of day because declassification will reveal intelligence sources and methods.
Cheney also maintains that documents have not been released in the past and seems concerned that a poor president would be set now.
Both arguments are species.
The documents are products of analysis not operational reports and statements regarding sources can be easily deleted in the declassification process.
As for the activity classification, a number of briefs as well as the predecessors of the documents which recall presidents and intelligence checklists have long been on the public record.
These arguments are really about shielding Bush from the revelation of information that would raise questions of performance and accountability.
The zeal will wish the effort to protect Bush is continued in turn raises the specter of the arrogance of power.
Which brings us full circle of the question of an independent commission of inquiry in the 9-11.
The House of Representatives is already passed legislation to create such a commission and similar legislation is being chanted in the Senate by Jew Lieberman and majority leader Tom Vashel.
As recently as September 18th, however White House press secretary Erie Fleischer declared the president will wait for completion of the committee investigation then said Fleischer will take a look at talking to Congress about whether or not there is anything additional that goes to broader areas of necessary.
But very quickly both senators Graeme and Shelby were on record arguing that an independent commission is necessary and they were soon joined by both other legislators and representatives of the families of victims of 9-11.
Late last week the White House abandoned its long opposition to a commission crediting the families for Bush to change your heart.
The more likely explanation is twofold that the White House doesn't want to be on the losing end of a legislative fight and that it now believes the Congressional investigation cannot be kept under control.
It's instructive that Nicholas E. Calio, White House legislative counsel, writing on September 20th to offer the president strong support for a commission, saw its function as an examination of border security, aviation visas and state and local security issues.
Fleischer's comment was that a commission inquiry could involve some level of intelligence but not in the deep boring in that the intelligence committees did.
Translated this means that Bush will support inquiry loaded down with so many issues it will hardly be able to get into intelligence or the president's accountability.
It should be added to the White House to be grateful for inquiry that's got no subpoena powers as well.
The arrogance of power is growing. What did not happen in the hearings of the Joint Intelligence Committees was a proper examination of the executives and in particular the president's rule in failing to come to grips with the forces that triggered the attacks of 9-11.
And what has happened since 9-11 has been an orchestrated effort to avoid answering such questions at all.
Yeah.
Scientists, you fact me a thing about this earlier? About stem cell research? Yes.
I said I had the story which I do.
Now there's another reason why this poll over here is so bogus unless people are demodem we thought they were getting sucked in by the anti-human bushies.
Advances in medical research are being hindered by federal rules governing the use of embryonic cell system scientists told the Senate panel yesterday.
Many researchers believe these cells cells could hold the key to solving such diverse melodies as Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's, spinal cord injuries and diabetes.
However, President Bush citing ethical concerns restricted federal funding for research on embryonic stem cells to 78 already existing cell lines.
Gaining access to those limited cell lines has been inordinately difficult. Several researchers complaint setting cost problems negotiating agreements with the cell's owners and restrictions imposed by governments of foreign countries where many of the cells are located.
Responding to the complaints Dr. Rihuni, Director of the National Institute of Health, said his agency is diligently working with as many sources as we can to make more cell lines available.
Stum cells form very early in an embryo development and later differentiated in numerous types of cells to form various organs and other parts of the body.
Researchers hope to use these cells to repair damaged organs and cure disease but the five-day old embryo dies when the cells are removed and opponents argue this is wrong.
Dr. George daily of the White Hand Institute at MIT said far fewer lines are available than the 78s cited by the Bush administration perhaps only a handful he said.
The existing restrictions are keeping advances from being realized daily told the Senate appropriations subcommittee on labor health and human services yesterday.
Dr. Kurt Sivitam, Johns Hopkins University, told a month of negotiations with the owners of cell lines in India only to have the Indian government stepping in ban export of the cells.
More than a year after this decision will our research have yet to receive my first cell line seven said.
David and Sylvain Erzzi and IHs established a central facility to collect and distribute the cell lines to researchers.
Roger Petersen of Cambridge University of England said the lack of federal support for research on human embryos is undoubtedly delayed the benefits of research to infertile patients and patients with degenerative diseases.
Peterson noted that he worked for 30 years at the University of California San Francisco but moved to England because the government there encourages stem cell research.
Senator Arlen Specter, a pencil venue said it may be time to consider legislation to ease the research.
Ask Peterson of other American scientists who are likely to leave the country to continue their work.
We are working diligently to recruit them he said.
While their honeyset is agencies trying to make more cells available to researchers who can tend to the research is really at an early stage, research in the past year has shown that embryonic stem cells might someday be used to treat Parkinson's disease, heart disease and type one diabetes their honeyset.
These findings are important but I continue to emphasize where the very early stage much more basic research needs to be done.
He said he's named the task force headed by Dr. James Batty of the National Institute on Deafness to review the current state of stem cell scientific recommendations for its future direction.
California State Senator Debra Ortiz told her panel her state has enacted a law that overrides the federal rules.
There goes California again.
Messing with the federal government and provides states of port for new embryonic stem cell lines.
Federal money can only be used for these 78 eligible cell lines.
The California Law of the Law of Scientists has started new cell lines for their research.
We simply ask Congress to respect California's will she told the subcommittee.
Asked if the California law would lead the problems for researchers there as far as federally funded programs or who he said no.
He said they can do both federally and safe under research together as long as they account for the federal money to be sure it's spent only on work involving eligible cell lines.
Those mostly fictitious 78.
Most of which were mixed with mouse cells in the first place of the general they're totally useless.
With tinkerers.
And that's all we need is to start using not really embryonic cells to make a lot more than damn Irish tinkerers.
We asked on our poll today on neo-roger's dot com if you had a chance to recast your 2000 vote for president today.
Now who we what would you do?
I vote the same for Gore 172.
I vote the same for Bush 61.
I didn't vote in 2034.
This is out of 319.
And now it's changing again.
It's still 34.
I voted for Gore but now I vote for Bush 31.
It's totally bogus.
I voted for Bush but now I vote for Gore 9.
I vote the same for Nader's 6.
I voted for Nader but now I vote for Gore 4.
I voted for Nader but now I vote for Bush 3.
I voted for Buchanan but I wanted to vote for Gore.
None of them yet.
Well first of all those old parts they don't have computers.
No.
Now am I thinking about?
Am I thinking?
No.
Am I thinking clearly?
No.
Excuse me what I meant to say was that.
Was that?
See those old parts they don't have no computers.
So there's no way to get through to them.
Damn it.
Because I bet you there'd be like 600 when you think.
At least.
In fact put that at 650.
Put the next one's in to offset these bogus ones
that we're going to get coming in here today.
11 past 11 we got the mad dog at one.
Hank Goldberg at three.
Would that be no cook thing?
5 because it kills a really good hour.
Butchers it up.
Marlon stuff 630 to whatever the game is over.
Where Eddie K after the Marlon's end Joe and Mark
the dirty boys overnight.
I guess we better do the break.
Yes we should.
Well if we're going to do the break I guess I better reach back here and get the coffee.
Where the hell is that coffee?
Oh no.
You know I could get started really easily but I won't.
Oh come on.
How Skippy doing by the way?
He's fine.
What do you mean he's fine?
He's smooth and chucky.
Yeah.
Chucky?
I thought it was Skippy.
He is a real piece of...
He's the kind of stuff you try not to step on in Amsterdam.
What are you Skippy?
Oh gee he's picking on me.
What did I do?
Nothing.
That's exactly a Skippy you're doing nothing.
Remember he came in that one day and he made that big announcement.
I'm going to get you a new coffee for the Emerald Coast.
How many weeks ago?
That's when I was there.
What was that about?
Seven years ago that I was there?
Uh huh.
Remember that?
Yeah of course.
Did he get me a new coffee?
No.
No.
And that of course is only one.
Here's another guy that walks in off the street of punkies about 10 years old.
Where he's about 14 pounds soaking wet.
IQ of a parakeet.
And he inherits all these accounts that Brian Schmutz with his heart open out there and sold.
And you know.
Hey with your busy lifestyle you need all the energy you can to feel healthy and only a minute is the answer for you.
All you may just pop some in your push contains all kinds of good stuff olive oil and vitamins and minerals and herbals.
And they make a separate product and roll it a separate part of your right thing.
You know what I'm saying?
In other words they got one specific redesign to help your heart.
There's one to lower your blood pressure, one to lower your cholesterol and one to help your prostate.
All in little soft-tailed capsulitis pop regularly in your push.
They also make a product to help your circulatory system.
Your digestive and endocrine system, your skin and bones and even your mind.
All using the benefits of the best olive oil you'll find on the planet.
And all you may do makes products for men and ladies as well.
It's an exciting new product if you want to get more info just call their toll free number at 1-866-Oliomid.
1-866-Oliomid and you can pick them up at the stores all over South Florida too if you want it right away.
Call Whole Food Markets, Walgreens, Sadanos, Numeros Pharmacists and I guarantee you they got to wait and for you.
And you can also order Oliomid on their website too if you like at oliomedamerica.com
And you call that toll free number.
Tom Skippy is an asshole.
I beg the local office, it's five cities.
The radio's on your side.
You am.
You'll got out, WQM.
Where the bag is.
This is Larry King.
America was shocked by the video of Matt Littin-Tugan.
The woman beating the day lights out of a hit in the pocket line.
Matt Littin-Tugan.
Now to join me tonight.
So what would you do?
Meet your kid?
The ass of that was me.
And that was in the St. Joseph County.
I believe so, yes.
Is that what they make of the Esparine?
I don't know.
Well, the camera loves you.
You're a star.
Yes, if I had known the camera was on me, I would have done my hair better.
That didn't work out too good.
I am a media celebrity now.
The White House sent me a brand new car for Providen.
A really great subversion story.
A new car?
Yes.
What kind?
A Ford Folk List?
Oh, that's nice.
Plenty of room in the back to beat the kids.
You beat your kids, Larry.
Who made you look married?
I don't know.
When they were young, I was at the track most of the time.
I don't like the way you laugh.
Why? Don't I laugh too good?
I don't think it's funny.
I just can't stand your laugh.
No.
I said stop it.
Stop it.
Now I don't remember.
I don't stand my laugh.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I'm going to put you in the street.
1118 at 560 WDQA.
I'm happy Thursday to you.
Here's a fact from Chris who says this week.
I tweeted to Jeff DeForestio.
Jeff was out of town and filling in from this week was something called the polyman.
How can he be on vacation?
Doesn't everyone need vacation?
Well, yeah, I guess.
But I mean, what is it?
It's the end of September, right?
When did he go back on the air?
Months ago.
Not that many months ago.
Two and a half.
Does the radio station really pay money for anybody to get on the air and talk?
Oh, the polyman.
I'm sure he's got some kind of a good deal going over there.
The polyman.
Did he belong on the air?
No.
And then you know another thing.
Now that I'm starting to build up the case in my mind against DeForestio just to find the fact that he got screwed over real bad is we wouldn't hold the burger.
I mean, the Dunkin' Donuts thing with a short stack.
That was bad enough.
But yeah.
Remember who we handed to the king and to see?
He was always like, see, this is the problem.
Shifty, DeForestio.
He always had these little things working, which is why when he opened up his wall,
he had 85 different paychecks in there from 80 to five different jobs.
And so then of course we had Scott and Ira.
Remember he invented that whole deal?
Right.
Who were you looking for?
By the way.
Were they really?
Yes, they were.
Why didn't get any?
No.
Me either.
Well, screw them.
Happy Sturker Scott.
I mean, Ira.
Yeah, he's the one that encouraged them to kind of come in and like take over the place.
That's what Scott thought.
He kind of thought that.
And oh, I mean, we could we could spend a whole next to the rest of this hour and that story.
About the fact that these guys came wall singing.
They were in default kind of like, oh, yeah, here you go.
Bring us in some sandwiches and you can we'll give you like a five-hour commercial.
We'll have one hour spillover on the deal show.
Remember that?
And then when we finally said because of the fact that there were other people who were like buying spots,
you know, like food type people.
And we finally said, well, you know, maybe if you'd spent some money on a show,
maybe then we wouldn't be so offended that intended to take your sandwiches and stuff them, you know.
Although they do stuff in pretty well.
Stuffed sandwiches.
We good stuff.
But anyway, I do like stuff sandwiches.
Remember, videos you mentioned that the other day.
Yeah.
You said that stuff pizza?
That's good.
That's great.
I'm starting to get hungry again.
Now this is bad.
I was the farthest thing from my mind was food.
And again, you're planning the seed.
In fact, let's blame Chris the fact so for because he's the one that was talking about the polyman.
And I got off on his default thing.
Also, what says here is QMP.
I have no idea.
Wouldn't surprise me.
Probably.
They probably pay all these like Lee Corso.
They probably pay him a few bucks to do a most show every week.
I would think so.
I know they paid a jocks.
All those jocks that come in there as doll fan players and etc.
They get paid.
Of course, they have to wait.
They have to wait like about three, four years to get the can.
But anyway, getting back to the thing with Defo and Ira and Scott.
I mean, we like Ira.
Let's set him off to the side.
Okay.
Because he's kind of a goofy guy in the first place.
But he's a good guy.
But Scott is a regular pain in the ass.
I had actually blocked out of my mind all of that stuff about everything good, everything good.
All of his hood.
You know that, remember that business?
Sure.
You know, just bring the food and put the trade out and get out of here.
Scott, okay.
We appreciate it.
What's the chum up?
No, we don't want to chum up.
We don't mind giving you a nice plug once in a while.
And so what they did is there was some holiday there.
I figured what you want to was.
And they bought about two spots.
Remember that was supposed to pacify us?
They bought two spots.
They could was a super bowl weekend.
Yeah, something like that.
I'll get your super bowl party platter from a lighter city.
Something like that.
And they got great stuff.
I'm not putting them down.
Okay, great stuff.
And I was a good guy.
But Scott.
I mean, Scott is just something about him.
I mean, maybe it's because he's an asshole.
That might be it that disturbed me a little bit.
Just a little bit too pushy.
You know that kind of stereotypical juie, New York pushy thing.
No, I don't know.
Plus, he's an asshole.
That could be part of it too.
I don't know.
So anyway, that's the depot story.
We wish him all the best in the world.
I'm very sorry.
I'm not a vacation.
I hope him and his Debbie.
I hope that they earn their thing out.
But that's one of the strangest relationships, you know?
Yeah, I can't talk.
No, no, no, seriously.
I mean, yeah.
It's like on again and off again and off again and on again.
And they have like one of those sessions.
Whatever.
Good luck to you, Defoe.
Okay, you'll need it.
That's what happens when you work for Greg Reed.
Sooner or later, everybody gets it up the old.
Let them sooner or later, you know, just like poor George sitting there, minding his own
business, reading other people's email.
I mean, just minding his own business.
And here we had a fight for two months to keep his goddamn job.
And then you think after that, after I fight like crazy, he throw us at least, throw us a
good number there in the summer book.
Did he do it?
No, he gave us crap.
Give us a squat.
Left us, hold on the sack.
Not bad enough.
We had a follow-up show that O's points there in the morning.
I mean, get serious.
Go, go, go.
It just O's points.
Now you did okay.
Week, but okay.
A rabbit eared sex toys been recalled by Anne Summers out of concern.
It would cause injury to an unsuspecting user.
The British lingerie and sex toys said a chain said a batch of about 150,000 of the top-selling
rampant rabbit vibrators were found to have defective seals that might allow the spillage of
tiny beads contained in the shaft.
Oh, that would be uncomfortable if you had tiny beads in your shaft, you know that?
You said that.
The firm warned a newspaper.
I said, what?
It says it in a story.
It said a batch of 150,000.
Don't start with your run and run.
Suffer more crap.
That's what it did in the summer time.
I don't care who invented it.
It blows.
The firm warned in a newspaper today on a on-sweep set aside was recalling those vibrators sold
between May and September of this year in the interest of public safety.
It's a precaution.
The chances of anything going wrong is actually minuscule.
And some are spokeswoman Rebecca Franklin told Reuters.
She said the company checked its stocks after a customer was to say she was unhappy with the quality of the
seven-inch device which contains pearly colored beads and is topped with two attachments resembling a rabbit ears.
The rampant rabbit has been flying off store shelves since the character praised it on the hit US TV series Sex and the City.
Do you watch that show?
Yes.
You do?
Yes, I do.
It's good most of the time.
Not all of the time.
And this is what you see.
What have your rampant rabbit ears or what?
No, I have a different model.
I'll call up fire in summers. Maybe she's got one for you.
I usually got some honeybears.
Oh God.
But don't forget what Steve Nichol said.
He's got a great ass.
Hey, I got a message for our ex-programmed director Steve Nichol.
Back to you, Steve.
Back to you.
Anyway, getting back to some important stuff.
I don't have time for this right now.
I don't want to start one and then interrupt myself again.
Bedtime stories interrupt this.
I don't want to do that.
No, that's not good.
We want continuity.
Yeah, we want a little continuity here.
And I got some long crap.
Maybe I can find a short one.
A short start?
Not bad.
I don't have to look for it to find a short one.
Archbishop offers his resignation.
This is short and sweet.
And it has nothing to do with anything because it's in Buenos Aires.
Where the men are men and so are the women or is it the other way around.
And Argentine, that's in Brazil, right?
Right.
Not Argentina.
Argentina, they're macho, they're aren't they?
No.
Much of macho men.
Right.
And Argentine Archbishop offers his resignation to the Vatican yesterday following accusations that he sexually abused members of his seminary, church officials be Sam.
News reports published in August, accused Archbishop Eduardo Storney, 66, of sexually abusing at least 47 men
at a seminary located in Santa Fe, 310 miles northeast of Buenos Aires.
They've thought Santa Fe, New Mexico?
Storney has been the bishop Archbishop there since 1984.
In fact, most of our audience probably don't even know that Santa Fe is in New Mexico.
So why do I have to do this?
Sclaimer.
In a prepared statement, read a journalist, Storney said that my renunciation in no way signifies guilt on my part.
Nordism means I accept the allegations.
God is my judge, he said.
Ew, God.
This is judge and I find him guilty.
Seminary officials said the Vatican will decide whether to accept Storney's resignation.
Probably they'll have to wait and deliberate because it's bad for business, you know?
Oh yeah.
Bad for business.
Don't look too good.
Although they don't have to worry because the media, they're doing a wonderful job of just sucking right up to the bushies and doing a great job of other than a few shows on the year like, like what's his name, Bill Preston Buchanan.
I never thought this day would come, but I actually be praising Pat Buchanan.
They move swiftly.
The Senate has it and they need to act as well.
It's good for American workers.
Yeah, you're bad for American workers.
Okay, George, you're bad.
You and your whole family, you're bad, bad, bad on your oil buddies in those Saudis.
That's what we had to be doing is bombing the Saudis.
God damn it.
1127 and 560 WQM almost did the wrong spot.
Don't do that.
I wouldn't want to do that.
Of course, in this, does it really make any difference at this point, you know, when you come right down to it?
No.
Because, you know, we've got two very important program director and operations manager and operation manager and program director types there.
We got two and either one of them can get a crap done.
Either one of them.
They're both as useless as tits on a pencil.
Okay.
Don't take it personal off, but it happens to be true.
I mean, what do you guys have done for me on this copy?
I would wish on Heinrich Himmur and Donald Rumsfeld and John Ascroft and this one.
The vast majority of our fellow citizens care deeply about employees.
Yeah.
Hey, is there still anybody out there who's not playing at VIPsportsbook.com?
Not tons in their hard earned cash there?
Well, then you ought to be getting with it.
You hear a lot of ads these days for other sports books, but you better do some research before you plunk down your hard earned cash at some unstable, bizarre third world sports book like in Argentina somewhere.
Let's help you out VIPsportsbook.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watch dogs.
They're Dutch based in a real country man.
And one of the first online sports books.
So if you want to go on a roll of a lifetime at the time, you got to be with the best sports book in the world.
And that's VIPsportsbook.com.
And of course, with football season in full swing now.
And the Patriots are playing in San Diego.
Is that correct? That's why it's a four o'clock game today?
Sunday.
Yes. Yes.
That Carlos man for a guy that was the other day of football expert.
He would do a pigskin if they squeezed one up his little butt.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Hey listen, you might enjoy it.
You know, go and see your other friend Carlos.
He might give you some skin.
I don't want to say real football season is in full force.
You need to be with the best VIPsportsbook.com.
So you can lose your money the good way open an account online and get a 15% cash sign up bonus.
And of course, don't forget they got the highest parliads anywhere is up to 2001.
Get your ass over to VIP your little ass over to VIPsportsbook.com and play the book with some serious class rhymes with ass.
That phone number two free is 1 866 VIP bets.
That's 1 866 VIP BETS.
Get yourself onto a VIPsportsbook.com online and then you earn that 15% cash bonus.
VIPsportsbook.com where you and your little ass be the VIP.
Hey, it's Howard.
Howard David.
Now, I recognize the president Saddam Hussein's mistress, Arasual Amos.
First off, let me say that I met her Saddam Hussein on the line.
He was in the MDBL chat room.
That's married dictator, but looking.
He sent me the IM that says ASL.
That's age sex location.
I come to find a related.
We had much to have in the common.
We both liked the moonlit wax.
The white pizza with broccoli.
And musical group The Widows.
Next thing I know, I'm in the bag that mess western laying on a pile of pillows.
I thought I was in for a night of the filthy love, but he could not salute.
I tried everything, but it was still a no go for lunch.
The happiest day of his life.
Second only to when he got his QBC leaning tower of pizza, salt and pepper, sackers and the mail.
Was one day and when the nobody got a...
Things have never been the same.
We do it like an egg wits under the strawberry channel.
I was out in it was like sleeping with a dirt niggler from the boogie nights movie.
He made me dress like Baba Rabouche with a white wig and all.
And where you can imagine the rest of the story like the Paul Harvey says.
Let's just say that was butter involved.
And when I walk, you can hear the ocean.
Now what the hell am I getting all these?
Oh, you know what I actually accidentally did?
What?
I certainly, I hate that.
I accidentally hit the print icon up there.
Oh, damn it.
And I'm getting 80 minutes.
At least I see at least with me, I recycle a paper because I'm paying for it.
I don't miss out on anything with my fax paper.
There's like 422 pages, but only ones that anything on it nets the goddamn poll.
But at least I got a right in front of me here, nice and clean.
If you had a chance to recast your 2000 vote for president today, if we had another election today, what would you do?
Besides going to one of those Ramadhi dolls, things, one of those double-headed dildos.
Do you think the sister jeans got one of those?
One.
Anyway, I vote the same as I did for Gour, 191.
I vote the same for Borscht 69.
So those people are like, you know, follow what I'm saying, you just stick them over on the side.
I didn't vote in 2040 out of 359.
11%, 11%, you people could have made a difference, okay?
I voted for Gour, but now I vote for Bush 32.
I'm still very dubious about that.
I voted for Bush, but now I vote for Gour, 9.
I vote the same for Nader, 9.
How sad.
I voted for Nader, but now I vote for Gour, 5.
I voted for Nader, but now I vote for Bush 3.
I voted for Buchanan, but I wanted to vote for Gour.
Now we got one.
How do you like that?
We got one.
All right.
Well, as every call, the woman had called me on Election Day that day in 2000, that awful day.
She wasn't an old lady.
She was just a female.
And she was just a frantic hysterical saying, all my self and a whole bunch of my friends were all up in arms because the balance all confusing up here in Palm Beach.
And we all want to vote for Gour, but we are a fear we might have voted for Pat Buchanan.
And of course, back then, that was the ugly fascistic, more malignant Pat Buchanan is supposed to be in the good guy now.
I wouldn't say he's a good guy, but he certainly has mellowed.
And I'll say it again.
It's a damn good show on MSNBC between 2 and 4, press and Buchanan.
Watch it.
Barbara Sharp, Ruhaha, Ha.
Jesse Jackson says he's pleased that this son of a bitch, man, this guy.
Just can't stop.
Cannot stop opening up a big push.
What should he make his money?
Sturing up trouble.
That's all he does, exploiting other people's misery and stirring the pot.
Unlike Clarence Thomas, who released this Martin of the Smoking, this guy just stirring it.
Jesse Jackson says he's pleased the producers of Barbara Sharp have apologized for the films, Barb's about Rosa Parks, Martin Luther Coo and Junior and others, but still wants the jokes cut from the future DVD and video editions of the hit movie.
The producers Bob Tidal and Tidal and George Tillman told the APS today they had apologized to Jackson on behalf of everyone with the film.
I certainly didn't mean to offend anyone, Tillman said.
But Jackson said they must go further and move those scenes from the video DVD and cable versions.
And by the way, I should point out that as of late last night when I watched the news, the answer was, no.
Now we're not doing that. We're not taking anything out. The DVD and the cable versions will be exactly what you saw in the movie theaters.
Okay. Good.
And I think these people made a big, bad mistake by apologizing for anything.
It's a comedy.
Barbara Sharp, the number one film in the last two weeks has been a surprise box office hit.
It stars rapper actor Ice Cube as the inheritor of a barbershop in Chicago, Southside.
Seedrick, the entertainer plays an old, cantacarist barber who jokes about Kings alleged promiscuity.
The character also says that the blacks refuse to give up their seats to whites in the segregated South, but that Rosa Parks got the credit because she was connected to the NAACP.
He also directs an expletive at Jackson. Good for him.
The character is immediately condemned by others in the barbershop for being disrespectful.
The producers and writers we wanted one individual in the shop saying something funny, and we wanted everyone to disagree with that person until I'm gonna explain.
However, Jackson said he had spoken to Kings Widow, Coretta Scott's king and son Martin Luther Coon III, as well as the Parks family of the Civil Rights Leaders, and they feel highly insulted by the jokes.
But you know what? Top Titty, that's what I say to them. Top Titty, lighten up, several shades.
And you know the sad part about his son Jesse Jackson, the third or whatever's name is Junior?
No.
He's a congressman from Illinois.
Okay. He's brilliant. He's a good guy.
Well, that's something.
He is. You never saw him on the parking head shows?
No, I never.
He was on with your buddy down here the night.
Damn, he was articulate and he was brilliant. He was read on target and he was forceful and Phil was going,
like that.
I feel bad for Phil.
But I want you all out yesterday.
Now what's this popped up on here? Where did that come from?
You talking about it?
There's the new cover of Volka Brian's The CD.
Ah!
Volka Brian, restitution and mo-bits. That's great. That's the beauty.
Nice compromise.
All I can say is...
Right, that's it. That's it.
Now get with it. Get that thing going. Okay.
Crank those babies out. We'll settle at least 20 or 30.
Now come up. It doesn't come up on mine.
I don't know.
I got the broken image here.
I got the whole thing, man. It's a beauty. It's El Presidente and Candeliza.
Giving each other a big smooch on the cheek.
Candeliza's got that look. Her eyes closed. She's got that rousola look on her purse. Candeliza.
Maybe she's thinking about all the oil they're going to get for her friends at Chevron once we invade Iraq
and take her for the oil fields. That must be it.
She's got a look of pure ecstasy. Can I say that?
No.
Enjoyment on her face. Can't say ecstasy.
No.
Can all those right wingers all bend out of shape again? Get the DEA on your ass again, George. We don't want that.
It was bad enough we had those Chankuratri cutters down your citrus tree. They came after you. That'll be bad enough.
But if the DEA comes after your ass then... then we can't help you no more.
So how long is that going to stay there? By... well, that's okay.
I already smidkaned my results in the pool. It's a pool. We're not going to get an accurate result on anyway.
We've got too many game players, too many dickheads out there, too many low life, no life assholes who want to dick with the pool.
That's all. DICK WITH THE POOL. DICK WITH THE POOL. DICK WITH THE POOL. DICK WITH THE POOL. That's their whole life. Let's dick with Niels' pool.
There's never been a better time to buy a new home or refinance or existing home. How about this? How about a rate of 3.95%.
That's right. Financial group can offer you an unprecedented and 3.95% by picking up the phone and calling them at this toll free number 1-800-940-LAND-L-E-N-D.
You can either call them or call Todd Wreck at home. We'll be given some information about him and Davy in a little while.
That's 1-800-9405363. The money you're going to save is incredible.
Think about it. You can get $100,000 loan for only $450 a month or get you a $200,000 loan for only $950 a month.
The process is simple and you save yourself a crap load of money. Thousands of dollars this year and every year.
Just pick up the phone and call the folks at Financial Group and 1-800-940-LAND.
There's never been a better time to get yourself a low interest rate. So call Financial Group and you'll be on your way to big fat savings.
Financial Group is an equal housing lender. Greater restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change.
So call them right now. toll free 1-800-940-L-E-N-D. That's 1-800-9405363.
My name is Love. This is 20-5-6-2-A-M.
I tell you something, pal. Long Beach State's a girls school.
Oh! Hi, I'm Son. I'm Larry for Son and Larry's Honey Roast. Did not.
And there's nothing better than our nuts roasted, honey.
Top of it, then. You're such a kidder. You know what I hate. What's that, Larry?
Does tiny little bags of nuts when you're on the plane.
Me too. That's why we have big nuts at. You said it.
You could even say our nuts are more than a fistful. I could, but I won't.
But I will say our nuts are a must for any party or get together. Or just for a snack at home or while you're at work.
Everyone at work will want to get their hands on our nuts. That's right.
So the next time you're out shopping, pick up some of Son and Larry's Honey Roast. Did not.
Wouldn't you just love our nuts in your mouth right now?
Lumber 45 at 560 WDQ. I do like honey roasted nuts as a matter of fact.
Yeah, they're good. You honey roasted almonds especially.
Oh, yeah, but they're loaded with sugar. Get the honey.
It's all they got. I mean, you see, it's with anything.
That's why they have like chocolate covered ants.
You know, they do. I'm not making it up. They have chocolate and grass.
I know. They can take anything, anything.
It reminds me of that horrible meal at the Chinese meal.
Like Rimmer drove us all over town when he was up here a couple months ago.
And took us to that nasty, ready Chinese restaurant there because the one he was going to was closed.
And we get and everything else on the table was crap.
We were like about a half a dozen on praise. By the way, guess what you think paid for the meal?
Yeah, good. And the what the hell kind of beef was it? What did I tell you?
The crispy beef. Okay. Have you ever had that? No.
And the reason that tastes so good is because it's the used brown sugar.
They like caramelized it in brown sugar.
That'll make anything good. Oh, it was delicious.
Crispy and sweet. And I come back here.
My blood sugar was let the machine just hit tilt.
It said jump right out the window.
So I don't know which I think before more that or matured.
It's a tough. It's a tough battle.
And the meal was cheaper than matured. Thanks, Rimmer.
And by the way, the leaf suck.
1146 at 560 WQM. We got Jim Madd.
He's going to be doing two hours of hockey talk today between one and three.
In fact, the rumor I'm hearing is that Madd dogs going to be doing a hockey show with the remand.
Oh, wouldn't that be great?
Yeah, would be wonderful.
In fact, if they did that at one o'clock, you could stick around.
Maybe the remand will bring in some lunch since you were missing out on that great food from Scott and Ira.
Or did you miss out on purpose?
Well, I didn't, you know, they brought it in for the morning show.
Oh, I didn't want to interfere with the morning show's food arrangement there.
Oh, God.
Now we don't want to cross paths with them too much.
And of course, Gelly, who used to be our friend and is only there because of my, uh,
because of the fact that I'm an old softie.
You notice how he's turned?
No, turned like a rat.
See, Monday is going to be a big day here at QM because Monday when the beast comes back.
And we find out the real story about how come he's no longer producing that morning show.
That's going to be pretty interesting stuff.
Not as interesting as fighting out about somebody's wife with a jetscap and the stands at the Dolphin Jet scheme on Sunday.
Or about the fact that somebody allegedly has painted his Veracos veins green and white.
But nevertheless, pretty damn entertaining.
As he seeks to boost, now this is by Dana Milbank and Washington Post.
As he seeks to boost Republican candidates in the midterm elections,
President Bush is increasing his emphasis on terrorism and national security,
shredding his previous determination to demonstrate his concern about the flagging economy.
That's with an L.
Four times in a past two days, Bush has suggested that Democrats don't care about national security,
saying on Monday that the Democratic control Senate is not interested in the security of the American people.
His remarks intensifying the theme he introduced last month were quickly seconded and disseminated by House Majority Whip,
right wing looted to Tom Delay.
At a fundraiser for GOP House candidate Adam Taff and Kansas City Monday,
Vice President Cheney said security would be bolstered if Tafford had defeat representative Dennis Moore,
Democratic Kansas.
Cheney talks about Iraqi congressional fundraiser electing Tafford aid war effort,
where the headlining the Topeka Capitol Journal.
Such rhetoric represents something of a shift for the administration.
When there were marked signs of the economy stumbling in the summer, Bush spoke daily about the economy's health and demonstrated his concern.
In recent days, however, the proportion of Bush's stump speeds devoted to domestic concerns has slipped from about 50 percent to about 20 percent.
The shift has come despite a flood of grim new economic statistics markets up by the way today so far.
The Dow Jones industrial average Tuesday fell to its lowest level in four years,
and then as that composite index today, six year low, as consumer confidence and corporate earnings have slipped.
When Bush kicked off his effort this month to build support for an Iraq campaign,
his eights angrily dismissed accusations that they had a political motive,
saying that the timing, too much before the November 5 election was coincidental.
But his Bush continues his record setting in a fundraising effort,
he has shown an eagerness to discuss the topic and political venues,
as Paul showed the effort as aiding Republican candidates.
Anxiety has spread through the Democratic caucus,
where they have a crashing Dow Jones index,
economic indicators that continue to depress people in Illinois and across America and the White House,
doesn't even want to talk about this since Senator Dick Durbin of Illinois.
This is not something the President will even take time out of fundraising forward to address.
To drive home this point, Senate Majority, with Perry Reed,
Democratic Nevada plans to call on the White House to detail how much taxpayer money
is being spent to underrate his campaign travel.
The White House says the GOP tactics are proper.
The voters will make the judgment said White House Press Secretary,
Minister of Information, Ari Fleischer.
I don't think anybody has the right to tell the country it shouldn't consider either party's views on more and peace.
Fleischer said Bush's economic agenda is front and center pointing out that he'll deliver a speech on corporate accountability,
was he already delivered this little water guard?
You hear what he said? No.
I headed on the air, he said. Good morning. Hello. Hello.
Tuesday's 2.4% decline in the Dow Jones industrials.
The fourth triple digit loss in succession brought the average back to its four-year low reach in July.
But while Bush spent much in July demonstrating his concern about the economy,
he didn't mention the falling markets until yesterday,
until I was during question and answer session with this cabinet.
Bush said he was optimistic about the economy using the word six times
and says as administration inherited a recession and falling stock market from the Clinton administration.
Yeah, sure. Right.
Well, and then of course Tom Dashel,
which I was just blind luck again yesterday.
You notice I was just lucky enough to open up the pot,
right? When he went through his impassioned squeaky hysteria.
In a stinging salvo delivered on the Senate floor,
Senate Majority Leader Tom Dashel last out at President Bush yesterday,
saying his administration was exploiting the possibility of war with the rack for political gain
and had imputed Senate Democrats in the process.
Absolutely correct.
Dashel read through a litany of comments from administration and GOP figures about Iraq,
including one from Bush, who was quoted by the Washington Post Wednesday as saying,
the Democratic controlled Senate was not interested in the security of the American people.
Not interested in the security of the American people.
Dashel said, you tell Senator Inaway he's not interested in the security of the American people.
You tell those who fought into Vietnam and WWAW2,
they're not interested in the security of the American people.
This is outrageous.
Outrages.
Outrages.
The President out of apologize.
Daniel Inaway is the Democratic Senator from Hawaii who lost his arm in WWAW2.
Bush's comments have laid about Senate Democrats and national security have come in the context of the fight over legislation for the proposed Department of Homeland Security.
The Bush comment about the Senate not being interested in national security came in the campaign event Monday, New Jersey,
and the President was talking about legislation, not Iraq.
Senate Minority Leader Trent Laud, Republican Mississippi, suggested that Dashel was overreacting.
I think that Tom Dashel needs to cool the rhetoric a lot toward reporters as he was waving his pom-poms and work lovely doing it, by the way.
We've got a lot of work that we need to do in the bipartisan way.
Actions, accusations of that type are not helpful.
Dashel, however, said in his floor speech that several Republican figures have made comments that have led them to conclude the administration was politicizing the Iraq debate.
He said at a GOP pollster who said that a war is an issue that could benefit Republicans in the incoming midterm elections.
He referenced Vice President Cheney who spoke about a rap while campaigning for that Republican candidate in Kansas on Monday, which we just referenced the only moments ago.
How do you like that?
And the public is buying it, baby. They're buying it.
Hookline and stinker. They're sucking it up.
Yeah, because they're dumber than God damn sawdust.
Just take a look at our poll if you don't believe me.
We like dumb. Big, big D.
He don't stand just because he's from Texas. He don't stand for Dallas. Big D means dumb and dangerous and devious.
Anything else?
Dullard.
And Dullard. Now the other side, Al Gore.
See, I blame the Democrats. I'll say it again. I blame Jew Lieberman. He had no business being on there.
There's no Southern Yahoo that was going to hold for Jew Lieberman.
Just like there wasn't going to be no schwarz. They're voting for Bill McBride in the primary against Janorino.
Some Yahoo from Tampa. But now in the general election coming over, number five, those goods farce is going to be out there in record numbers.
In fact, they're working on making some new babies right now. Right as I speak, they're reproducing like rabbits, even more so than usual, just so they can take them chillins.
You know, so they look a little bit younger. They're old enough to vote. They're 18.
Ain't they?
Well, we could give us some of those fake IDs that the travelers always have. The Irish family.
Right. Give them some of the fake IDs from the two good people. The two good and the doubly do good. Do right.
Iraq dossier doesn't commence critics as CBS news.com.
Prime Minister Tony Blair is warning about a racialized weapons of mass destruction appeared to win little support outside Washington with France in China expressing skepticism.
For weeks, talks about a possible U.S. led war against a wreck had created widespread interest about Blair's long promise dossier or is that dossier as Fildonahue says about Sanohusans chemical and biological arsenal.
In it and his speech was special session of the House on Commons yesterday, which we have a little bit on the show.
I bet you we still got a little bit of that on here. You know what? You think there's still someone to tape? Give it a shot. Let's find out.
Hey, Tony. Hey, pass it, Tony.
It is clear both of the significant number of longer range missiles were effectively concealed from the previous instance.
Get out here and tell you how to speak English. Okay, Tony.
Man, what a goofball. In a speech delivered yesterday, Blair said the stockpile is not only growing, but that Sodom is prepared to use such weapons of mass destruction quickly.
Intelligence dossier also said Iraq has taken steps to develop nuclear weapons. Blair, President Bush's top ally said he wants you and weapons inspectors allow back into Iraq with no limits on their movements.
He also supported the U.S. Guelph A regime change in Baghdad, given how often Sodom is defined the world bodies requirements regarding his weapons, since losing the Gulf War.
Britain and the U.S. are two of the five permanent veto wielding members of the UN Security Council, and they've been trying to win the support of the other three China, France and Russia for a new resolution threatening Iraq for its continued defiance.
But the French and chink leaders votes out at skeptical about Blair speech and the dossier in comments they made while attending a summit of European and Asian leaders in Denmark.
The French President Jacques Chirra, ever been to Denmark? No, it's great. Copenhagen? No. Why not? Never bit across the pond.
I know that. The French President Jacques Chirra said it were ever been in Italy? The French President Jacques Chirra said it were with Iraq, he's still a voter bomb.
I'm just trying to point out the fact that they don't pay you any God damn money. They treat you like garbage. They're trying to get you fired. We had to get put through all that bull crap.
And by the way, that's the last time we're playing that dog in Ponyshow in the morning, this morning. Oh, he needed extra time after the rejoin so we could just get in Jack Thompson's name on it. Like we give a crap about that.
You need help, Moe. You know what I'm saying? You need some very serious assistance. And those numbers prove it. Can't complain about his numbers. You don't have any.
French President Jacques Chirra said it were with Iraq is still available. If the UN Security Council is given a primary role in the crisis, Chirraque reiterated there was no need for a proposed Security Council resolution threatening war if Sodom keeps you in terms of inspectors out.
This is not the view of France. It's your back adding that the only inspectors can provide the needed proof about Sodom's weapons. I don't think that war is unavoidable at all.
China's Prime Minister, Zou Ranji warned that any attack against Iraq without UN blessing will lead to severe consequences.
What's that name again? ZHU Zou Ranji, R-O-N-G-A-I. How else would you say it? Zou Ranji?
Zou Ranji, R-O-N-G-A-I.
Zou Ranji warned calling for UN mandate in the crisis. Zou Ranji said we request that Iraq comply with UN resolutions without any preconditions.
Blair faces stiff opposition in his own labor party who was tough talk on Iraq. And you can tell this is from CBSNews.com because they spell labor L-A-B-O-R. Shame on you.
Dan, rather who made a little sub... he was very apologetic last night. Did you watch the evening news? No.
Because he said that IBM was being investigated the night before and it was really Xerox. And he pointed out last night it was my mistake. I was responsible. I deeply regretted. I'm an asshole. And then he moved on.
Nice gunner, Dan. Takes a big man to stand up for screwing up big time. And he did. Takes a big man to write a nice piece of copy so we can do a good job for our clients.
Of course we don't have such people. In fact, I don't think I even have the... I think I may have smith candit, you know what?
Oh no.
Oh, here it is. Damn it. I was right on the verge. It was like on the tip of my tongue to say scratch it out. I got news for you. You notice it doesn't do any good news and care about that guy.
What was the guy's name? Mike and Mark. What was that thing?
Oh, he... maybe he's not listening.
Steve and Davie. Yeah, we got the goods here, Todd Dreck, okay? We got the goods and all the Kings horses, all the Kingsmen won't make him write copy again. That's just the way it is. He won't do it because he's a buck plug because he's lazy because he's useless because he don't know how to do it.
We got a bunch of order takers who take a sheet of paper from some agencies somewhere like that color and deal. And that's it. That's the extent of their work.
In the meantime, they're busy hanging out at Steve's house in Davie. By now, you've probably heard the incredible earning potential of computer professionals and about the incredible, the amazing, the unbelievable demand for certified computer professionals.
Unbelievable. It is. You've also just talked about the great people at Fast Train. You've heard this and you've heard that and it's been here and have you heard? Have you heard that Todd Dreck is an asshole? Have you heard that?
Yes. Get some new lines, Todd. Put something new in there, okay? Do yourself a favor and pick up the phone call Fast Train Tool 3 at 866 Fast Train. You can complete your program and get certified in just for sure at months and beyond your way to a new high paying career.
They've got four, see, I'd like to know those four locations. Wouldn't you? When you like to know besides Pemberpines and the new one in Kindle, where those other two are, is it like some kind of a mystery? Is it a goddamn secret?
Yes. And Fast Train's got convenient to evening. We can class it a bit. You're scheduled to. They've also got a full time job placement department with over 30 years experience. Maybe they're so good they can get Todd a job outside of our building.
So don't wait. Pick up the phone and call the people at Fast Train and we apologize to them for having to put up with him. Call 1-866 Fast Train. That's 1-866 Fast Train or check them out on the web if you like it. Fast Train.com.
Bye. Bye. And welcome. We're sports radio five sixies. You a-two-a-m.
Well now I do believe it be the one that's well now.
Welcome back to the Quittering Magician's Rear of the Mohawana David Assalam. We have a full-ducket today.
Including the cavalcade about the gillet at the elite of yours. You know that pipe smoke is still at it. Why?
Why? Because singing those songs make it fun on me. They make fun on me all the time. I don't know why they don't adore me.
They're there. Everything will be alright, Mo. Did you hands off me a fairy? You queer? You're a tomb chumper? Real men don't touch only during the game.
Yes, ma'am. They want singing. I'll give them singing. Get on a piano. Over there. Okay, Mo. Now hit it.
Back in my day, men was straight. The end day is up today. That's why I can't tolerate.
Please, God's lit tears. Po 
and stay back then!
Stop it! You're more on!
What's the matter, Mo?
My weak fellow figure.
Alright, where were we?
Sport holes were retained!
I'll take it from here.
The guys that liked the worship men.
Good thing we won't see more in no way than a madam again.
Did it mean to soothbroth stayed?
Or did it go heritage?
Jesus Christ, I really hate.
Jesus Christ!
I should mention that my Kelly didn't get the jigsmeat Donald's jump.
Didn't get it.
12.04.
Are you picking on jigs now?
Who's jigs?
12.04 at 5.60 W.D.Q.A.
Mansons, the nearby incident, Pontiac Michigan.
Ever been to Pontiac?
No. Don't go there.
Oh, brother.
Copa, I can do you like, but Pontiac, forget about it.
Do I hear an echo today or something?
Sounds really good, too.
It sounds like we're on reverb like WABC.
I don't hear it.
A man was sent to a year in jail for biting off part of his neighbor's ear in a fight.
John Everett Barbera fortified and I got into a brawl with a neighbor after the man flies to his car lights at Barberta,
or one of me was driving erratically.
Or maybe his name is Barbara.
I don't know. Barberia.
Maybe he called him Barbara.
During a fight, Barbera bit off a portion of his neighbor's left ear.
This is so...
Ha ha ha ha ha!
This is so barbaric.
Open County assistant prosecutor Kenneth E. Frazy said in court Tuesday.
Many times people recover from stab wounds or other injuries or they're not visible.
But everywhere he goes, people can see he lost half his ear.
He said it was barbaric.
The 43-year-old victim was not identified.
He had several surgeries, but doctors were unable to reattach the piece that was bitten off.
Frazy said.
Barbera son was also involved in the October fight.
It was convicted of misdemeanor assault.
Spent about a month of jail.
Barbera was convicted on a felony charge of mayhem.
Do you know that?
Do I know that?
There's no that it's mayhem if you like to chop it off a piece of something.
I can take that right now.
It's a legal term.
How's that pull coming?
I don't want to look at it.
You know something the worst part of it is it might be legitimate.
That's the worst part.
Based on the pull numbers we see around a country.
No, I'm not buying it.
Oh.
430 votes.
If you had a chance to recast your 2000 vote for president, for whom would you vote?
What would you do?
I vote the same for Gore 224.
I vote the same for Bush 79.
I didn't vote in 2049.
Over 11%.
You people could have made the difference.
You could have changed the course of the future of the human race.
God, don't you feel bad?
No.
I voted for Gore, but now I vote for Bush 41.
I voted for Bush, but now I vote for Gore 15.
I voted for Nader, and I vote the same, 11.
I voted for Nader, but now I vote for Gore 6.
I voted for Nader, but now I vote for Bush 3.
I voted for Buchanan, but I wanted to vote for Gore 2.
So he picks up 5.
20.
So the difference is 21.
Which is old enough to drink.
21.
You not buying it?
No.
Judge orders Boston Arts Ties to turn over abuse documents because they're not buying it either.
A judge is ordered the Boston Arts Ties to give lawyers representing alleged victims of the Reverend Paul Shanley documents regarding allegations of abuse by 85 priests the lawyer said yesterday.
The records include those the Roman Catholic Arts Ties,
who turned over to the Attorney General's Office earlier this year, as well as any actions taken by the Arts Ties, including investigations said Jeffrey Newman, an attorney for alleged Shanley victim Gregory Ford.
Newman didn't know the identities of the priest, 15 of whom are deceased, but the existence of the documents was revealed earlier this year during the deposition of the Reverend Charles Higgins, the Arts Diosis and Delgate for handling sexual abuse allegations against priests.
Newman received suffix superior court charge Constant Sweeney's order yesterday.
My sense is that we're finally going to see some of the underside of the iceberg now.
Newman said, I believe there will be seen so far as a small fraction, not only of the numbers of individuals that are molested, but the extent of these supervisory decisions to essentially cover things up.
And I think that's what these documents will show.
How do you like that?
Great.
We've only seen the tip, not even the tip, the underside of the iceberg, the ass end.
Information's on allegations against well priests, including Shanley and defrock priests, then convicted, shall we let's do John Jay Gagan have already been released.
In another development, Bristol District Attorney Paul F. Wallsett is office, but announced the indictment on sexual assault charges of a priest formerly with the fall River Dysies today.
Prosecutors were not released as identity yesterday.
In April, Wallsett's office announced it was investigating sexual misconduct allegations against 25 priests who served in the fall River Dysies,
some dating back to the 50s.
Prosecutors said that the prosecuting cases would be difficult because the allegations are so old.
Just like the father, they're so old.
Brother O'Toole.
Yeah.
Second sexual abuse witness comes forward in cannibal case.
October 4th, the new Hannibal movie comes out.
What's it called?
Red Dragon.
Red Dragon.
And from what I heard in part of the movie, he's Dragonant.
And it's red.
23 years after he murdered and cannibalized the teenage boy, prosecutors tried to keep former teacher Albert Fentris behind bars tried yesterday.
They're sure that the killer was also a pedophile.
The fact that you're the Mr. Fentris had significant metal issues long before he butchered victim Paul Masters, argued Dutchess County prosecutor Edward McLaughlin in the third day of a hearing on Fentris' future in Riverhead.
This is in the news day.
I'm Long Island.
Fentris 61 was fund innocent by reason of insanity in the August 20th, 1979 murder and mutilation of the 18-year-old Masters.
Fentris, a former Prokipsi middle school teacher who spent the last two decades in metal hospitals, claims the illness behind the murder is gone and wants his freedom.
Oh, when in doubt, let him out.
But prosecutors who want Fentris moved to a more secure psychiatric facility and produced a pair of witnesses who say that the murderers sexually abused them prior to Master's murder.
Fentris had testified under oath at a previous hearing that the murder team was his only sex abuse victim.
Arguments over the surfacing of the second witness block Fentris from taking the stand again yesterday.
On Monday, prosecutors called a man who claimed that Fentris had sexually abused him in 79.
One day later, a second man contacted prosecutors with a similar story McLaughlin said.
The man who still lives in Dutchess County said that he was 12 years old when Fentris sexually abused him between September 78 and March 79.
The second witness was expected to be testified today.
At least he's not appreased. He's a former teacher.
Not at a Catholic school, I hope.
No. Are you picking on them Catholics again, self-hating Catholic bastard?
Not a Catholic. How you weren't.
Worse is right. Is your mother Catholic? She's whatever.
She's a bitch.
Lover will take her. Disgusting her body of bitch. Maybe we can put her in there with the cannibal guy.
Oh, all right.
I think it's a match made in heaven.
Oh, please.
America is speaking of Catholics. There you go again.
America. And this is what I referenced to the other day.
And I couldn't find the story because it was way down in my pile.
While we finally worked our way down to it.
America's Roman Catholic bishops may receive a measure of Vatican support for the new clerical sex abuse policy.
Despite criticism from some in the church that the plan was unfair to priests,
the Vatican is leading toward accepting the bishops' reforms on an experimental basis.
A senior Vatican official said this week.
The policy would not receive formal Vatican approval nor would it be a rejection.
Said the officials spoke to the AP of course on the condition of anonymity.
You know, I can trouble the Holy Father.
In recent ways, there have been a growing number of reports that the Holy See would reject the plan out right,
embarrassing US bishops as they struggle to restore credibility in their leadership.
American bishops said they were surprised by Monday's development and no new no details of Vatican's plans.
Church lawyers said the Holy See's approach likely would slow down the process of ousting abusers from the priesthood,
but not enshrining the policy in church law for the US.
Rome would also avoid setting a precedent for the church and other nations.
Top Vatican officials have been reviewing the plan since it was adopted at that June meeting of Americans bishops,
that dog and pony show, which followed a torrent of abuse claims and reports of prelates covering them up.
The Holy See is expected to listen to the response to the policy October 10th or 11th, the official said.
So you think the response will be no or see.
As in see this, probably give me the old bafangola is what they'll do.
Just a big cover up, a big juicy cover up and what are we worried about Iraq?
That's what we're concerned about.
They claim that hundreds of civilians were killed during these attacks.
That's it.
When it doubt, tune them out.
All these lunatics on TV, tune them out.
Take a goddamn, take a sledgehammer and attack your TV with it right now.
Do it forcefully, okay?
Rip it to shreds the pieces.
Here are the guts out of it.
Take the guy they molecular cord on the back, pull it out of the wall first please.
And just slice it off.
Do a goddamn John Wayne, Bob it on it.
I'm not sure. Tammy Faye, you know, it's really interesting.
My old age, I'm turning to Tammy Faye and Pat Buchanan.
The media is sick and they talk badly.
Never have four awards been spoken only.
We need help badly.
We need protection from them.
You know, Mac, you're shopping like I've been telling you for about 400 years on this show.
They're a hard way to do it.
A smart way to do it.
And a stupid way to do it.
So let's just consider it on the smart way.
Just pick up the phone and call dial Mac for us at 1-800-Matrus.
You'll be immediately connected to somebody who knows their craft inside and out.
That's all they sell is Mac for us.
They're not working in some department store in one department one day selling refrigerators one day.
And they'll lose the next day.
Forget about that.
They're selling only Mac for us.
And the best in the world name, brand Mac for us is like,
Sirta, Ceeley, Simmons and King Coral.
And when you do business with dial Mac for us, delivery is a piece of cake.
Because you pick the day in the tour wonder for delivery when it's convenient for you.
Any day, seven days a week and they'll be there.
That's the amazing part.
They actually show up.
They take away the crappy old bedding.
They set up your brand new stupendous mattress,
which they'll give you an exceptionally unbeatable everyday price.
And they also give you that 30 day home covered guarantee.
So after sleeping out for up to a month, if you don't love it,
if you're not getting a great night's sleep night after night after night after night.
If you're not getting late like three, four times a day,
then return it.
No problem at all.
Call dial Mac for us right now.
Tool free.
There'll be knocking on your little door in no time at all.
Call 1-800-Matrus.
1-800-MATTR-ES.
Or check them out on the web if you prefer at macrus.com.
My, I, and look all this is 4205-60.
Way, way, M.
Let's dump that big, damn, fennel-gated.
Interrupt this program for Al Gore in the 10 items or less,
check out line at the supermarket.
Let's say eggs or eight, yogurt makes it nine.
I'm still one item short.
Maybe I'll grab this copy of National Inquirer as an impulse purchase.
Hi, how are you?
Paper or plastic, sir.
Paper or plastic.
You know, that is a great, great question.
As you know,
paper's made from trees,
which we don't want to cut down.
But on the other hand,
plastics are non-biodegradable,
which are bad for the environment as well.
And I want to move it down.
I want to get out of here sometime this year.
I'll do my best, Mr. Schoffer,
as I was saying,
when you use paper,
it should always be recycled.
Because this way, we preserve our precious natural resources
for our children and our children, children.
Because we want to go ahead to the future
and not back to the past.
Or if we go ahead to the past,
and our future is behind us,
we always want to be looking ahead to the past
and not back to a future that's behind us.
Is this going to be cashier, credit, sir?
Again, another great, great question.
Cash is made from paper,
which comes from trees, as you know.
Cheks are also made from paper,
of credit cards, plastic there.
And you've been listening to Al Gore
in the Ten Items or Less Check Outline,
it's a supermarket.
We now return you to your regularly scheduled program already in progress.
Thank you, 1218 at 560 WQM.
We got the world famous mad dog Jim Manage,
showed one o'clock, Hangoverga 3,
we hanged with Bino,
between 5 and 6,
which is just one of the most notoriously bad hours in history of radio.
Bino Cook.
But it kills a good hour for the Humper,
and we don't begrudge him.
Marlon Stuff at 630,
one of the last games of the season,
thank the Lord, Eddy Camp,
to the baseball game, and Joey Mark overnight.
Team A reduced risk of cancer and heart disease.
Do you drink tea?
Sometimes.
What I'm saying.
The other thing I don't understand is,
and of course these stories,
every week or two, there's another story about,
well, tomato sauce, you know, tomato products,
help avoid the prostate cancer,
especially it's got to be heated though,
and every week there's another story,
but if you do this and you do that,
you're gonna live forever, I guess.
But I'll do this story,
but I'm not really sure,
maybe I missed it in here, okay?
Like iced tea,
does that help?
Is that any good?
I mean, you know, it's an option.
Well, some of the times I'm supposed to believe you,
because you said it's an option.
I mean, I love iced tea, diet,
iced tea, I drink it all the time.
I like diet Pepsi.
I like caffeine-free diet Coke.
I'm drinking it right now,
and I like caffeine-free diet Pepsi,
even better,
but I can't, I can't slap it all the way from that other story.
I'm honestly, I drink caffeine-free also.
I just switch.
Oh yeah, that caffeine will kill you.
You can't sleep when you take all that caffeine.
No, first of all,
most of the fact it's bad for you.
Right.
And Dr. Hemp, Hemp, whatever her name is,
she told me it's also bad for my,
my Yoko vocal cord.
It's said bad for your a thing.
Are you worried?
Huh?
I had no idea.
Well, there you go.
Salad evidence is mounting the drinking tea
could prevent cell damage
that leads to cancer heart disease,
and perhaps other ill scientists said this week.
It may be soon time to add tea to the list of fruits and vegetables
that experts urge Americans to eat as often as possible
to reduce their risk of the disease.
Researchers told a meeting sponsored by the US Department of Agriculture,
the tea council,
and the American Cancer Society of other groups.
You see where I get a little bit nervous when we get to the tea council?
There's a tea council,
like the tea.
The freaking tea council.
It's one thing to be talking about the goddamn tea party,
but we're talking about the tea council.
In some respects, it's good news to think of it as plant food,
Jeffrey Blumberg, a nutritionist at Tufts University in Boston,
told a news conference.
Blumberg said tea is loaded with phytochemicals,
a wide range of molecules that connect as antioxidants.
Such compounds counteract the damage
than the DNA cells by free radicals,
charged particles produced by sunlight,
chemicals many foods,
and simply the stress of day-to-day living and working for Greg Reed.
And having people try to fire your ass.
Damaged DNA is the first step to cancer
and is also associated with heart disease.
Oi!
Vitamin such as ANC or antioxidants,
but so are compounds such as catechins found in tea.
What the hell is that?
Catechism?
It's taken about 30 years to fully approve.
And you know who's always drinking?
Remember who the Pope who died?
What was his name, Pope John?
No, Pope Paul.
What was his name?
Pope Paul 23rd.
He had a cup of tea and all of a sudden he was dead.
Coincidentally, maybe it's not so good for him.
Maybe the tea council didn't hear about it in Italy.
It's taken about 30 years to fully appreciate the importance
of these conberts, Bloomberg,
it said who acts as indivisible to USDA
and the tea council.
Oh!
This guy's from Tufty University.
He reminds me of that Dr. Fred Rick Stere from Harvard,
who's another nutritional quack in a phony.
The USDA reported on a study suggesting
that tea drinking can also be reduced to risk of heart disease
by low and cholesterol.
We gave him a bet they did this study for three weeks in Maryland
at the Beltsville Human, Beltsville Human Intricional Research Center.
That's in Beltsville, Maryland.
You know who else is in Beltsville, Maryland?
No.
Arbitron.
Oh, that's right.
I wonder if those people are drinking their tea.
They fill out their diaries.
I sure hope they remember.
Oh, God.
Anyway, we gave them a beverage at Mimic Tea,
water flavored like tea, said for a second tree.
We appear to the same volunteers.
Got five cups of the tea and they did rank.
We found that their blood lipids
when they drank tea, comparatively placebo beverage,
had up to 10% lowering of low-density lipoprotein
to bad cholesterol.
LDL.
Overall, total cholesterol was lowered 6% average
over three weeks, his team found there was no effect
on good cholesterol, HDL stayed the same.
Dr. Ayman Hakim of the University of Arizona,
and the Arizona Cancer Center,
tested 140 smokers to see if drinking tea could affect levels
of chemicals associated with DNA damage.
They chose to look at a chemical called 80HDG.
Oh, I'm sure you've heard of that.
Oh, yeah.
It's found in urine and linked to the damage of DNA in the cells.
They found it in urine.
They were asked to eat whatever they were eating
and just had tea to their diet.
She said, for four months, volunteers drank either green tea,
black tea or water.
Hakim's team tested their urine for levels of 80HDG.
What we found was a 25% decrease in the green tea group.
Green tea.
See, we're finally getting to the answer to my guide,
Dan, question, green tea.
No changes were seen in the people who drank black tea or water.
We think green tea in our group of smokers
is associated with the reduction of oxidative stress
in their urine, Hakim said.
Much more research would be needed to see if lowering levels
of 80HDG or the markers of DNA damage
is actually associated with a lower risk of cancer.
See, as soon as we got to that thing about the tea council,
it made me want to run to the tea room, you know,
and like, like that.
Oh, we got to the Britney story finally.
Oh, no.
How many days have been threatening this?
Like, a week.
Several.
Well, here we go.
Better late than ever.
And of course, we started with a Britney story
about Justin Tinkerbell says they did the deed.
I'm sorry.
I just, I just, I can't deal with it.
I can't handle that.
I thought that story was the, the DJ was asking about a particular sex act.
No.
He was asking whether they did the nasty.
Okay, intercourse, intercourse.
Whether he screwed or okay, you have to draw you a picture.
Okay, somebody is perverted as you are.
Got to explain to the old and out.
Huh?
That's not what I got from that story though.
But you got it wrong.
Okay, because you're too busy with your tongue and somebody's ass.
That's the problem.
And from what I'm hearing down there, it ain't the right ass.
That's why you don't have your bonus yet.
See, if you do more like Gary Sarner and screw in and the Maddie Bell and Ray Perry
and have your tongue placed firmly in the middle of the right ass.
Correct them.
Then you had that bonus check faster and you can say Greg reads a douchebag.
Okay.
Okay, but he didn't do it.
It doesn't fit.
It's the wrong shape.
I see, wrong shape and size.
I guess I'll have to do the break and then we'll do it by Britney Cleansup Iraq.
And then about the corrupt Wall Street broker who says he shouldn't stay in prison because of 9-11
even though he wasn't to in it.
South Florida's jobless lines grow longer by the day, more depressing news,
but then we'll get to the rubber play store.
I wish I could have time for some of this stuff.
Because we got bogged down yesterday with that very exciting new into one hour,
which I had calls from the Pope.
I had calls from the White House people thanking me for that new into one hour.
They said it was the most civilating and durable hour of radio in the history of this business.
They said, if Sodom Hussein and Osama Yomama and George W.D. and all the far-bison of Graham
could hear that hour that we all get along.
Even Rodney King.
Can you believe that?
I believe it.
I do too.
It was great.
If I do say so myself.
I mean, all I did here was sit and punch buttons.
Valka Brian did all the work, which did you see now?
Did it come up on your screen?
It still hasn't come up.
Didn't come up?
I got that little broken icon image, you know, like the picture up to something.
I must have a better computer than you do.
You must.
Because it's all on the same webpage.
But at any rate, the cover came up and the thing is volume one.
It's called restitution and Moa hits volume one.
It's a beautiful thing.
Okay, let's go with it, Valka Brian.
Let's crank those babies out.
I'm going to sell a crap load of those.
26 past noon at 560 WQA and Poppano harness is back in action starting tomorrow.
New first race post, time of 715.
And for the first time in the 40 year history of the track, there will be free club outs and grandstand admission all season long.
And of course, it's always free general parking.
Let me say it again, free club outs and grandstand admission all season long and free parking too.
There are two new wagers at Poppano Park this year.
Completely super, super where they $10,000 bonus payout or try one of the two pick four wagers.
Opening night Friday tomorrow night, there'll be free prize drawing to one of five trips for two to Crystal Palace casino and hotel in Assalam, to Bahamas, Ma'am.
Bring out the kids is opening night is the first night of Poppano Park's monthly family fun nights with free popcorn, coloring contest, clowns, face painting, animal balloons.
You have to, of course, the fabulous Poppano Park miniature horses giving rides from 7 to 9 p.m. That's tomorrow night.
There will also be giveaways, free spins on the prize, Ville and special displays for the parents too.
Just go up to find Berger Steve Wolf and say, can we spend the Ville?
For the next three weeks, Poppano Park will be open for live racing every Friday and Saturday.
And of course, it continues being open every day of your life, seven days a night a week for formal casting, starting at noon.
Just bring a big sack of money.
Poppano Park on Powerline Road, a black south Atlantic Boulevard. Don't forget, new post on 7 p.m. and live racing resumes tomorrow night at prestigious Poppano Park.
Live and local, this is 425 City.
Way and way and.
Get in stick. Live and under live and country, and stay on board with Poppano's turnover drive, goal and BTO.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
I'd say to you tonight, and the near me well, you ain't seen nothing yet.
I'd say to you tonight, he gives me the creeps, you know, prophetic.
Profferty one at 560 WDQA.
You know, they always said that Democrats couldn't win a first election and they were right.
What's this thing you just, what's this thing you just fixed me?
You can hear what about play, play mode, how it David Bitser gets again, out again, will.
Oh, it's just a picture that came over.
The facts.
Oh, because first, because I see it's got a 516 or 561 man.
I thought this is from Boca again.
No. Good.
We already decided on a one. Let's get with it.
Although this is kind of cute.
Yeah, it was just a cartoon that somebody did. He was just on the phone with me by the way, Boca Brian's beginning pin.
Yes.
The tentative release date will be Tuesday or completion date we should say for the disc.
Right. It should be Tuesday just so you know.
So he better get a hold of Eric and they better get their head together.
And also speaking of Eric, I talked to Carlos who's sitting right there with an ugly look on his post before the show today.
And he's going to start getting involved. He better get with Eric and get the stuff we'll get to do or so he claims.
But he's a busy guy. He don't have time for us, which is fine because he's going to benefit the long one.
He shouldn't be a hard ass. He shouldn't be so paranoid because see what he's afraid of.
I guess that Carlson do such a good job, but you probably would that then we just forget about Eric.
We wouldn't do that. We would never forget about it.
Well, unless he did a really good job. You know.
And I will Eric owns the domain name anyway.
What do you mean by that?
Damn. He owns Neil Rogers dot com.
Well, what about we spelled any a any a L K.
Huh? I guess he could.
Yeah, we could.
And we're not now. Why do you see why I got sucked into this?
I'm not changing anything. We love Eric Eric. It's great.
But you're just trying to bust his balls to get him off his big fat lazy ass is what you're trying to do.
That's a enough fooling me.
But as far as owning the domain name, you had because it's a phony name anyway.
I can spell I can spell a K and E L. How do you like that? Huh? Neil on this.
Anyway, let's get back to Brittany speaking of Neil on this. No, it must be me.
Brittany cleans up a rack. This one is now what's one is this in?
Then we'll find out how credible it is.
It's in a goddamn.
It's in one of them that doesn't tell you what it is down the bottom of the page.
Oh, no. How is that possible?
I guess it's the globe. It's either the globe or the star.
But it doesn't say on the bottom any of the pages. I got wish one of this.
Anyway, no one paid much attention to the demure blonde sitting outside of West Hollywood coffee shop.
With her hair pulled back in a sophisticated dew and a pair of brown-rinned glasses.
She looked like a young teacher or secretary. She's she's sipped a frozen latte drink.
But the anonymous beauty was none of them Britney Spears.
And friends say her conservative new look is just part of the bizarre new lifestyle.
Brittany is embarked on bizarre for Brittany. That is as she approaches her 21st birthday on December 2nd.
God, is she getting older? What?
The pop princess is reinventing herself and abandoning her childlike ways.
Well, thank God.
Gone are her jet-setting trips around the world partying in London and club hopping in New York LA in Miami.
Gone is her experimentation with boozing.
Damn it.
Gone is the non-stop touring to the point of exhaustion.
And gone is her unhealthy relationship with X-love, underlying the X-part just in Tinkerbell.
Bye, bye, bye.
That's good, at least.
That's... I don't want to talk.
You know what's like? There are three things.
The whole religion thing.
It just makes me so weak. I can't even... I can't stand it anymore.
Okay, the fact that people believe this crap and the politic thing.
The fact that there are people who don't look at this man either fall under for laughing or cry or both.
You see what I'm saying?
Correct.
And then this. That's just in Tinkerbell thing.
I think that's a good try-effect, don't you?
Yeah. Very silly.
And instead, Brittany's hanging out with mom visiting museums and hitting from the heartbreak of losing her first true love.
Brittany's behavior is so bizarre to me because it's so different from what we're used to, says a friend.
She's acting like an adult.
As our picture show, oh my god, I'm right here, the change in Brittany was obvious as she sat with her mom Lin at the coffee bean eatery in West Hollywood.
She looked great, says an observer.
She was wearing a simple top and jeans.
She had her hair up and she was wearing glasses.
What kind of glasses?
They're okay. I mean, they're a little granny...
Not really granny glasses, but I told you to them.
I wanted to hear you say Brown Rim again.
I don't want to say Brown.
See, everything that this man, he wonders why he had like a one-shear in the summertime.
What's this because he followed a dead man in the morning?
But because of the fact that all he wants to talk about is ass, penetrating ass, licking ass, eating ass, investigating ass, sniffing ass,
knows up the ass.
That's all he wants to talk about.
And you wonder why nobody to know a decent, respectable person out there would listen to your show.
My mother says you're the antichrist, but she says you're getting better.
Thanks, mom.
And pretty soon she'll be sniffing ass.
Her own.
Anyway, at first I didn't recognize her, but just three days later, Brittany was out with her mom again.
It was clear that her new mature look isn't turning off the guys.
They sip frosty ice drinks at the coffee bean at sunset plans.
I got walked up to their table and slept her his phone number.
He slept at the door.
Seeing as how you're not dating Justin anymore, how about you and I going out and ask the song,
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
www.blt.com, the best, the easiest, the smartest way to sell your home, here's that number again, 954, 788, 266, 0. 5 and a local, this is 560, the radius of yours now, Q and M. Diddy Tuckett or Diddy Cockett?
I'll be Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany,
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany, Brittany
