This is South Florida's only real source agent, WQAM, Miami Fort Lauderdale.
I was a piece of f-
MWQAM.com
And to get it on!
There, paints.
I don't think I'd like you anymore.
You used to watch me shave.
Now you do stare at the floor.
And I'm going there penis.
I don't like you anymore.
No!
You used to be you and me a paper towel and a dirty magazine.
That's how we needed to get back.
Now it seems things have changed.
And I think that you're the one who blamed air penis.
I don't like you anymore.
He sings.
You're right.
I don't think I'd like you anymore.
Because when you get to drinking,
he put me places I've never been before.
They're running.
I don't like you anymore.
Why can't we just get a grip on our man-to-hand relationship?
Time to turn to truly how we feel.
If we put our heads together,
We'd just stay home forever in their penis.
I don't like you after all.
Oh, and run me while you're shaving my own.
What a day, huh?
What a great day.
Finally!
See if you wait long enough.
Sooner or later, we have a tolerable date down here.
Yeah, it was nice this morning.
Beautiful.
This is heaven.
Gonna last?
No.
There's a saying it's gonna be hotter in hell again this weekend.
So just enjoy it while you can.
Go out there.
Take a deep breath.
Take a couple of real deep breaths and then go back inside again.
Because all the stuff that's going on these days,
you never know about that bubonic plague.
So that's the right inch here.
No, I didn't.
There's a plague.
Anyway, I'm not...
I'll save it for a couple of minutes.
Yeah, that damn bitch that Paul is on.
She's got an infectious disease specialist on this morning
on, certainly, not news network.
And he's making it very clear that this couple
that was in New Mexico, New York couple,
came down with bubonic plague.
And that it's not an epithet, it's not a terrorist thing.
It's not the first of all, it's not contagious.
Although, but nevertheless, so...
And she says, she misunderstood what he said.
And she says, oh, are you saying that this is connected to terrorism?
There's nothing like these damn talking head networks
that are reaching the entire world.
Six billion people have the potential to watch in this script
and they got bubble heads like her own.
Are you saying it?
No, I did not say that.
Oh.
Oh.
And so it comes to find out that these two scumbags,
these two alleged scumbags,
they were murdering people all over the place
for like a long time.
These two guys.
190 votes.
Oh, we have to say that they were the alleged scumbags.
They're probably like basically decent guys underneath.
Like I said, 1194 votes.
What's your take on Tuesday's election results?
They're all a bunch of crooks, 385.
I'm ready to leave the country 305.
I'm ecstatic.
215.
That's 18%.
That's pretty consistent.
About 18 to 20% of this audience are like right wing,
but they love me, they just don't like what I say.
But that's okay.
A lot of nice people at the hockey game last night, by the way.
And a pretty entertaining game.
How about that?
Anyway, we'll get to that.
Because I'm sure Mom must have probably not had time to cover the hockey game.
I'm ecstatic 215.
I'm suicidal.
148.
And I don't give a shmit.
141.
Out of almost 1200 votes overnight.
Pretty heavy duty, you know what?
Pretty heavy duty votes.
They're out of pool.
How is Chris and Aronde doing, by the way?
They okay?
Wouldn't it be something if Troy the Boy did actually want to come?
And you're Troy Ackman?
I think they would be great.
Then we could get all of our good stuff out again.
Start playing all those great Troy Ackman bits to welcome them in.
And that would be great.
Speaking of playing stuff, I got some great old QAM stuff off that realradio.com.
And I still want to know why Rick Shaw would call himself Jim London on the station in 1976.
Maybe he'll call in Ricky Tickey.
Huh?
No, seriously, what he's called us?
What are you smirking like that for?
Yeah, I don't know more.
Why not?
I don't know.
Wasn't that long ago when he called the last time?
Probably that PD over there at Bob Bosch, Schmidthead, whatever that guy's name is?
I can never think of his name.
The guy that plays the crappy music on the magic with his playlist of 15 crappy old songs.
He probably wouldn't cut into it too much.
But why would a guy who's, I mean Rick Shaw has been in the market for 40 years, right?
Right.
Why long did I have?
Longer than anybody.
So why the hell was he going on the non-deplume?
I'm sure it's him.
You'll hear it in a minute when I play that thing.
Anyway, here's today's poll question.
I think it's a pretty good one.
Because naturally, now that the election is over, if you're not scared, crap less about the results, we'll give you more to be scared of.
Which of these are you the most scared of?
Bubonic plague.
Probably should have put Troy Ackman on her too somewhere, but I didn't.
Bubonic plague, smallpox, anthrax, the Republican takeover.
Or Mojauer David's here piece.
This was off the game last night.
Charles is off here.
Big Panther fan.
Said everything was going great.
I also said maybe you could help a Mojauer.
He said, boys, you can use it.
Anyway, so we just got him under here.
It's just for fun, just for laughs.
Okay, everybody takes all of this.
So seriously, a lot of uptight people, you know?
Just relax.
Like us.
Just be calm like us on this show.
Don't get all whipped up into a frenzy about a bunch of bull crap.
These are radio shows.
This isn't like the future of the human race.
Thank God.
Thank you.
God.
Just radio shows.
I hope we get one more photo in there before Eric changes the poll.
You're like a nice even 1200 would be nice.
That's pretty heavy duty.
Of course, everybody should have an opinion, even if they don't give a crap.
That's an opinion.
Like, you know, if we asked you, think this is a nice day.
And we had in this town, there'd be a bunch of people say, well, we don't know.
But at least that's an opinion.
If I don't know, it's still an opinion.
Come on, let's do this thing one more time.
I want to see that thing change when you don't want to refresh.
It keeps changing on you.
We're in the midstream.
And when you want it to, like, click over.
Let me click my refresh button and see if we got over 1200 on there.
Then I'll feel safe to move ahead.
You'll be like a sign that the coast is clear.
Come on, let's go.
Let's go.
Jesus, this is 1202.
There you go.
We got three, just like that.
So there's today's pool.
Poor Winona writer.
Poor us is what I say.
Who the hell gives a flying crap about Winona writer?
I'd rather hear about Dave Ryder than Winona Ryder.
I'd rather hear about, I'd rather go see Easy Rider again with Peter Fonda.
What was wrong with that?
Nothing, Jack Nicholson.
Jack Nicholson and Peter Fonda.
I was kind of fond of Jack Nicholson and his acting anyway.
Especially in Cook was nest.
What was that fax?
Remember that?
What the hell was that one schmuck that kept faxing me about?
What do you call it?
We didn't have the right name of the movie.
Cock-eye nest.
Something like that.
Oh, yeah, remember that?
Jerry finds Winona Ryder guilty of vandalism and theft in chocolate in case.
No jail load.
Not yet.
Sentencing coming up.
Yeah, they made such a big stimulus about this on MSNBC and on CNN.
And I don't watch the other one.
The sheet wearing network.
But boy, yesterday they were foaming at the mouth.
A jury yesterday found Winona Ryder guilty of stealing more than $5,500 worth of merchandise
during a shoplifting spree at a saxed at the fax in the last year, but the actress will likely avoid jail.
Now what I just said.
The prosecutor said she would not try to put the 31-year-old two-time Academy Award nominee behind bars.
Thanks you would seek probation, community service and restitution.
Restitution!
Cook is next.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Very good.
Cook is next.
No, I think Cook is before, not next.
Before this show.
Anyway, community service and restitution at Ryder Sentencing December 6th.
Restitution, are you hearing that?
That's dirty word.
The charges could have carried up to three years in prison.
Boy, it smells so bad in here from that cleaning solvent or whatever that was.
Man, you can't smell it in there at all.
No.
Right where I'm sitting here, I think Carlos must have done it.
Maybe he munged on the board or something and he got some of that alcohol and rubbed it all over the place.
And the alcohol too.
Man, it just stinks.
Right where I'm sitting here.
Wow!
God, does that stink?
You know what I'm talking about?
Like if somebody cleans the floor and the floor with Mr. Clean.
Right.
And you come in like right after that?
Oh, just about knock you on your ass.
The stench.
Either that or it's still the aroma from that dolphin performance.
Which I noticed the people on this station continue kind of like, wow, you know.
Wow, they are a team.
And I'll say it again, the Panther game last night pretty entertaining.
First period was pretty crappy.
And I will also end the course.
There's a lot of empty seats even with Mario and Tom last night.
But it's not surprising because you guys over there are going to have to win the people back.
You're going to have to win them back slowly but surely like one at a time.
Because the organization has really chased away the base of the Panther fans that we had built up over a period of time.
And now even on the head, I'd say there were like 10 or 11,000 really there last night.
Which isn't very good for Mario and the penguins being in town.
But not a lot of the same faces.
A few.
A lot of nice people came by and smoothed with me.
But a lot of different people are last night.
So at least somebody showed up but it's not that's not really a good sign.
But if they continue playing like they did last night working hard.
Bobby LeWongo again, unbelievable in the first period, making saves that haven't been a minute, keeping them in a game.
And they win it over time for three.
Did you hear a lot about that on the morning show this morning?
No.
Pretty exciting game.
It turned out to be.
Well, that's right.
That's hockey.
We don't we don't like hockey in the morning show.
Hockey sucks.
We like football, football, football, football.
And maybe a little bit of a round ball.
But mostly football, right?
Football.
That's where it's at.
Football.
Are you ready by the way for some smash mouth, football?
It's 11 after 9 at 560 W to Q.A.M.
And I'll tell you what Tom Lehmann, he ain't scared enough and he's not scared of giving you a great deal.
Which is why and he's sure not scared of this show.
He loves the people listen to the show because he's obsessed.
He doesn't like this show.
He loves it.
He's got his ear right up to the radio right now.
How you doing Tom?
That's why Tom Lehmann created the Near Rogers deal at Halipondi X.
Save big dollars in all Pondi action GM season stocks.
Just mentioned you heard this spot on the Near Rogers show and he'll do like a dance right there in the showroom floor.
Stop by Halipondi X GMC 130 401 South Dixie Highway.
That's US one across from the falls.
You know I haven't been in the falls for like, I would say 100 years.
At least.
What is, I mean, I know what it is, but anyway.
Where they have every vehicle marked with the lowest price.
And mentioned the Ear Rogers deal and save even more than what you thought you were going to save.
Which in other words is a whole lot.
While you're at Halipondi, be sure and take a good peek at the complete line of all the great SUVs from GMC including the Onvoi voted by Motor Trends SUV in the year in the old new Vibe SUV that's got the part of a big expensive fancy,
fancy, fancy, gutsy, sports car without the cost.
Halips also has always got a big dependable selection of great pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs.
And you know the deal on the credit no matter if every other deal in the world has turned you down.
Halip will still cut your deal and get you into the car or truck or SUV or whatever of your choice.
So get to the Near Rogers deal right now at Halipondi X GMC crossing the falls.
Open every day, seven days a week.
You can call them at 305-238-4040 and say, hey, what time is time going to sing Near Rogers when Near Wakes me up in the morning?
Yeah, I think he does sing that 305-238-4040 for Halipondi X GMC who be professional grade.
Live and local, this is Sports Radio 560.
Way and way.
Don't have a penis.
Well, congratulations, get alive.
A little less Tony Ikin, a little more whacking.
Time and night are brown, since then it's packing.
Another week of this, I'm gonna get the vapor.
I'm so sick to death to find natural vapor.
So this Sunday I think I'll miss which over to Elliot.
Order up and hit and I'll come back in.
I'm so sick to death to find natural vapor.
I'm so sick to find natural vapor.
I'm so sick to find natural vapor.
I'm so sick to find natural vapor.
I'm so sick to find natural vapor.
I'm so sick to find natural vapor.
I'm so sick to find natural vapor.
I'm so sick to find natural vapor.
We gotta get the disco, let's round the round floor.
Tony Lee Fighting is an in- Skew Box
abdominals don't give me no satisfaction.
No.
No.
Disappointment don't give me no satisfaction.
Oh no!
I liked it.
I liked it, 560 but I like this even better.
Oh, this could be one of the most astonishing fixers in the history of the human race just to
pull it off the machine with my own little hand.
And it says on top men's hairpiece testimonials
September 15th 1999 now it looks like a real letter that was written right right looks like and of course
We have no way to verify or not a September 15th 1999. It's written to a boat oh Kenosch
KNOCH
HPH Corporation and it's got an address in Cape Coral Florida on
Southeast 47 terrorists. It says dear boat oh
I'm taking a great deal of pleasure in forming you have will I have or will have worn your silver surfer hairpiece for one year the 17th of this month
I had to let you know after wearing hairpieces for almost 30 years
I found the silver surfer to be the finest hairpiece I've ever had and I've had some of the finest like handmade in New York City
Other famous well-known hairpieces the silver surfer continues to have the same resilience it had when it was new and continues to hold its color perfectly
I
Fired it said that advantageous to have two hairpieces to be able to wear one while the second has been washed and set on a form to air dry
Which makes it easy for me to maintain so I'm naturally pleased that I ordered ordered both at the same time
Your supplies of shampoo conditioner and softener work the best I've ever had
Thanks again for convincing me to purchase the silver surfer model sincerely. Howard David
I don't buy it. No, we're not buying it. But you gotta admit that's
cute
The silver surfer we've heard of the silver fox
Right the silver surfer. I don't know. He was into surfing
26 votes on a pool already which of these are you most scared of the Republican takeover 16
Let me say again the Republican takeover
16 Mo Howard David is hairpiece eight now. Maybe they won't be so scared now. They know that's a silver surfer model
Bubonic plague one that's changing against you what I mean
Antrax to Bubonic plague one and smallpox none
Huh, here's a fact from our good close personal friend Big Arnie. I got to save this this
We'll put that up in the appropriate place the silver surfer model
And is a good idea to have a spear so you can wash the other one while you're wearing the a first like your car
That's right. I was good to have to my mother's always bugging me. What do you need two cars for you never hear anyway because I want them
Because you ought to be minding your own damn business
That's probably a pretty good reason that it because you had to be minding your own goddamn business right because I can afford it
I like it and that's it that's the end of that conversation what what's next ma what's the next gripe? What's the next French?
What's the next bitch?
Here's the facts from Big Arnie Neil. I was in the Social Security office yesterday
It's correct the mistake they've done on my records. They had me born in 1898 instead of 1948
And there was a sign that said it is prohibited to murder kidnapped or assault any social security worker while they are working
Does this mean I can murder or kidnapped them while they're not working also does this mean I can murder kidnapped or assault anyone
There is not a Social Security worker the sign is a classic. Thank you Arnie. It's kind of not as good as the
previous facts
But in different categories. So anyway here's that story
Since you haven't heard it when you've been hiding under the bed or something
I was I just missed it. I wasn't watching CNN last night. Well who hell was I was at the hockey game man
Not bad not that pretty entertaining. I bet we'll get a lot of calls about that. Oh, huh
Pulled it out there and overtime Valerie Bre
Holy joking and he looked pretty decent Victor cars level the paper this moister
They're trading some people away because of that payroll again. Oh here we go again
Just when you thought there was like a little bit of promise there and all of a sudden we're gonna be trading some people away
For all I would like to have Alan what the hell is his name?
What is his first name?
Bram. I'm sorry Brad Brad the fuzz buster from the Alanters
First you know Brad is mister. No fuzz buster a
New Mexico couple who traveled to New York have been hospitalized with what's believed to be the first case of Bobon a plague in the city in a century
Health officials said the couple arrived in New York last Friday went to the hospital two days later with high fever and swollen lymphoma nodes
Say right now mine are strong
Well, what do you would you I don't know what you're smoking about they were swollen?
Swollen lymph no mine weren't but there's were the man 53 is in critical condition and on a life support
The man had in hospital that you're making light of is 40 70-year-old wife is in stable condition set officials
Both are an isolation in the hospital
Today we're announcing what likely to be the first cases of Bobon a plague in New York in a hundred years said Dr
Thomas Frieden the health commissioner of New York City
Tested on the man were presumptive positive for the plague and his wife is suffering from similar symptoms with test pending
He said it could be as long as 48 hours before health officials get official confirmation that the two have the plague
He said Frieden caution New Yorkers not to be alarmed by the news
The comic plague does not spread from person to person he said there is no rest in New Yorkers from the two individuals being evaluated for the plague
Frieden said these patients became ill within 48 hours of arriving in New York City
Therefore were confident their exposure occurred in New Mexico. That's one of the places like in the far west
That's where they find like about 20 cases a year
More than half the plague cases in the US our in New Mexico
Frieden said a wood rat and fleas from that rodent were found in the couple's property in Santa Fe, New Mexico
Tested positive in July for plague Frieden said a wood rat
But Monarch plague is a bacterial disease in rodents transmitted to humans through the bites of infected fleas
New Monarch plague a more serious form of the disease occurs when the plague bacteria are inhaled and direct contact with infected animals including rodents wildlife and pets
What it says?
How do you like that?
Stay away from those rats
Yeah, and stay away from New Mexico
All of a sudden if you're like a little you know the plague is woozy. Yeah, there is definitely is a plague in this place
I'll take that make no mistake about it
So anyway, where everybody's congratulating themselves on a great job. They did on the election on Tuesday and guess what?
As usual, we got a little bit of a problem
Which turns out not to be a big problem because the races weren't all that close
But if the races would have been that close well
We'd have like a major scandal on our hands and people be running around screaming for a Miriam Ole fans ass
Or at least her trunk
Rowered vote total short by 104,000 in reporting glitch. Oh, what's 104,000 votes among friends, right?
And coming to find out we were saying there was like only 35% turnout. It was 45% turnout
10% of what was like missing
Inbroward. Oh working great. They're also busy congratulating each other
Panting themselves on a back because we didn't make the laughing stock of fools out of ourselves again
And coming to find out we came close to doing it
Broward County's election didn't end as smoothly as it began a programming era is sliced 34,000 votes from reported races on Tuesday
And 70,000 more were deducted from the total turnout
By late yesterday election officials insisted that all the votes were counted for and we still aren't sure
They said that the errors had no effect on the outcome of any races though voter turnout jumped from 35 to 45%
After was corrected and erased questions about the vote counting and reporting process for the county
17.2 million dollar electronic voting system that could not be explained to the satisfaction of the three-member canvassing board until late Wednesday
Two things went wrong
The English language results of early voting were tabulated as if they come from one precinct
The total exceed that a preset maximum from a single precinct thus the 34,000 early votes were not included in the public total for each race
When they overall turn I don't understand that but at any rate there's 34,000 missing right there
Missing the absentee ballots in Spanish language early voting results were recorded in each individual race
But because of an operator error in preparing a report those 70,000 left out of the overall turnout number
The missing 104,000 led officials to initially report total turnout of only 34% the official corrected number of votes cast was almost
44,000
Let's see how many votes is it now it's not in this story. I think it was about
43,000 votes more than a bright head not that's going to make any difference
But what if it would have made a difference? What if he would have lost by like 30,000 votes
Or so we thought and then two days later they said oh guess what surprise of course we've been through that before and Florida
Getting kind of used to that
And speaking of voters voter turnout up slightly nationwide slightly
This year's midterm congressional election apparently attracted more voters than in last one
But Curtis Gaines directed the independent committee for the study the American electorate
estimated Tuesday's turnout at 78 and a half million more than 39% of voting age sit in as if that's a big deal 39%
That's pretty weak
The
98 elections figure was 37.6 the lowest midterm turnouts since 1942 since FD and RS third term
How do you like that since the middle of his third term?
28 states at higher turnouts this year and 22 states in district Columbia at lower turnouts quarter the survey
What's wrong with you people that don't vote? How about you George? Did you vote?
I can't did I vote no no
What tells matter when you people that don't vote and take your part in this great exercise called democracy
It's set them in so on remember we stay have democracy in freedom
I'm a victim of the masses. You remember where you stand those things? No not anymore
27 after 9 at 560 wqway and watch out for those woodrow rats and those
fleas and stuff and new Mexicans and anybody from Newark well if it's see what I don't understand if it's not contagious
And it does person to person I beg your pardon not contagious person to person you got to get it from
I'll read or rat yeah or in a mess or a cat or a bat I see with a hat yeah
And you lie flat on a mat
Yeah, it's kind of like tit for tat
Is what's that?
It's 27 after the hour at 560 wqway and if you love your home
But you just don't have all the space you need to do with the things you want to be doing here's the answer for you
Do the smart thing like hundreds of other people are doing even George who sometimes ain't too smart but nevertheless
That's what I heard from you know
Call strictly in this is whether you're having a baby in another room if you're converting a carport or patio and living space
Maybe you went into business for yourself and you want to make yourself a home orifice
Here's the way to do it just make one easy phone call to our friends at strictly editions
Do your one stop shop your more space for your place place with an absolutely worry for your approach of expanding your living space
No shows that you've heard about by other contractors not going to happen to you in complete work no chance
No one expected bills no worries about the job not getting done right they take care of every single last detail
They drop your blueprints they get the building permits and all the inspections strictly editions
Got an easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction first
They call the schedule or a free project to valuation deployment at your home where a project estimated will determine the scope of your
Edition how big it is or what it's all about
Secondly schedule a bit of employment in their convenience or homework you get a detailed proposal and an exact price for your work
Thirds like you're finishing touches go to contract for three view that is on architectural drawings and fifth
You sit back and relaxes your dream edition moves on with on schedule unbeatable quality like I said
It's as easy as a call in one two three or just call 9 5 4 7 9 1 8 100 give them a call 9 5 4 7 9 1 8 100
They're licensed. They're insured professionals who do a super job for you check out their any yellow pages
They serve all abroad in South Palm Beach County
Tell that old Neil tormented to call strictly editions 9 5 4 7 9 1 8 100
Isht with the sewer of this place
Coming up today on Dr. Phil Dr. Phil I've been loved with an inflatable man. How did it feel?
It's wonderful. It's got a vibrating package. Isn't what you want. Oh, yes. There's one with a life size 22 inch tone
I want that one too. Boy, that's just not right. That's today on Dr. Phil. He's shorted out and electrocuted me
Let's take a short break and we'll come up
9 33 at 5 60 you know you're right
Tamboids here. I was gonna do my tabloid too. They even though it was election day and I can't even do tabloid Thursday
They still got last week stuff right the drugstores. What's that all about it's about here
But they print them right up the road in Lantana. There are people listening right like a stone's throw
Yeah, from where they print them. Yeah, why can't you get a fresh orange at a supermarket either right
They grow them right across the street right
So we got these nifty clickers at the hockey in last night at an extra charge
You know and I'll tell another thing even though the crowd wasn't that bad. It wasn't great especially for Merrill but
Uh
It's just the atmosphere in that place is just not good. It is not good. It's about as exciting as the inside of a oxygen tent
Stereo is just not the like in the old arena man
I don't want to sound like one of them funny though. He's trying to live in the past, but wouldn't be great if we could live in the past
For the world
We got to pick yeah, I'm I'm serious the old place had atmosphere was small and therefore was loud
And I realized it couldn't make any money in it
But there's just something about that Wayne High Pingat touch
You know everything he touches like for him it turns to golden for the rest of us. It turns to
Mirada just in no time at all
111 votes. I like that one one one. We're six of the way to six six six. That's a good start
You know what let's keep it that way
Which of these are you most scared of the Republican takeover?
71 people are getting real nervous about that
Uh Mohar david's hair pieces in second place, but at this in second with 27. What is it a silver
Silver five silver surfer mouse
A smallpox five anthrax five in bubonic plague three
Now that we had that story out of New York
Oh, I want to play that the thing and I want you to listen closely. This is I want to find out what the deal is with Rick Shaw
Q mutication for the people of South Florida
WQ a
Currently 76 degrees at five o'clock in milkers report. There's no cure for boogie fever
However, they aren't working on a new serum
Well, I just got the tragic news today. I'm a carrier
The
Now is there any doubt that that's Rick Shaw sounds like him to me
Hundred bucks. You know, don't call us. We'll call you. It's another thousand
Q a am how would you like to pocket a brand new Chris Bandoor crunchy $50 bill and not get muskish pull it
Oh
Oh
Okay, well, I was enough of that one. I got another good one with Jim Dunlap a little later on
So there was a rich job caught himself team loaded on this radio station
Of course, I can understand a lot of people on this station right there want to you know be anonymous change their names
Have hidden identity
I wonder if he ever thought about getting himself one of them silver fox hair pieces silver sir
I'm sure it's crossed his mind and then he crossed the head
Now I don't want to change his image that cap is what made Ricky what he is today
A ball rule DJ playing crap on magic. Sorry Rick, but you know, that's where it goes that what's that guy's name Bob uh
What is his name butterworth Bob Christopher
Bob Butterworth got beat by the way that's some and that the Jesus Christ one that's really general
I can't believe that all you a dark folks get ready to go out there on a chain gang
It is bring back the chain gang he wants to put a bunch of folks out there in shackles clean it up the road and stuff like
Yeah, what's wrong with that? They're dirty good for a quick getaway
WQ I am
Hello
Oh, yeah wonderful birthday meal you're just so wonderful. I'm under 35 of it listening since oh my gosh
I was 10 I didn't get a book yet. I wish I could write you and George's name my five million times
Yes, it'll be bonnet. I can't believe it. I hope you receive my card last year. I gave you money in the card
I hope you get my other gift that I came as a big card. You gave me money. Yeah
We get 30. Yeah, yeah, I was there the my father was Jamaican. I was one of the people that worked like five years ago. Uh-huh
And I was so happy to you know read about your how you know you're just you know
You're a legend and I don't want to appreciate you and you're like the contract and especially in this place
I know I know I know and you're just I'm gonna miss and my card I you know besides
Some other stuff I said I a lot of tickets and public certificate. They treat me like I have syphilis. Yeah
No, I know it's not there because I'm gonna miss you. I can't believe in less than the matter. What do you mean you're gonna
Oh, when you stop that below? You can't believe it less than five years. Well, what kind of nonsense is that?
That's what they were saying. Get a life. Get a life
God
No, but it's what they were saying in the newspaper. Yeah, all that stuff and I don't know. I know I have a life
But I just you just like the voice of reason boy. It stinks in here. Man, it smells now. You know what I'm talking about because you probably scrub a lot of floors, right? No
You never scrubbed any floors? Yeah, I have
Well, you know what I'm talking about then that crap you put on a floor man. Oh man
God, it's like it's like there's somebody hit like a gallon of it right where I'm sitting here
Maybe Josh Friedman said on this chair for one had like disinfected probably I'm so sorry
Me too wow, you know, it's two days after my birthday
So I know, but I'll get a wonderful birthday. I hope you were really enjoying it. It was okay. Nothing great was election day
So was not good
But I didn't care I just glad that we can vote but I am putting my vote down for the
Republican takeover for the scariest thing. It's high between that and mohauer david's hair piece. I
So excited I love most peace because it's almost like a live it moves around a little bit by itself. Oh god on its own
That's true. Have a great day. Oh, I love you
See you bye bye calm down just a little bit. Okay, tone it down a few notches
Ain't it notches or is that in New Mexico?
Yeah, that's a matter of fact. Yeah, see that notches you're talking that crap again the plague
She still haven't explained to me uh how they how do they do that if they why would that be one of those things
We'd have to worry about if it's not communicable like smallpox
The rats the rats what it then the fleas jump off the rats and then they bite you
So no, it's got like important a bunch of infected rats. Is that what you're saying like the skaters with the
But how do you do that? How do you import skaters?
They they take care of it all by themselves. They move about
They travel yeah and the rats travel what are they on amtrak? Oh
Yeah, they are as a matter of fact anything that moves they're on it. Yeah
Excellent sounds like I'd be real alarmed and crawl back under the bed if I was you folks out there
We don't want to get you nervous or anything like that
But paulazon said this morning
You never know who will call Tony Bruno on 940 fox sports radio
How was David voice of the my avid outfit?
I'm not sure you want it and you don't need the shameless plug
But I will buy listening guys every day you guys doing a hell of a job. It's fun. Listen to and oh Brian
I mean the whole thing you guys are doing there's great. What did I hear that right?
Back up with it. Well, listen to you guys every day. You guys are doing a hell of a job
It's fun. Listen to and oh Brian. I mean the whole thing you guys are doing there's great wow
Even mohauer david listens to Tony Bruno on 940 fox sports radio
Exactly coming up tonight and inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
We take a good hard stiff look and to start him
It was the concert tour that inspired millions of women
Most people's really uptight hippie women who are in dire need of a good
Anyway, we're talking about
Lil' affair
Basically the message we're sending castrate men is that women are a powerful force in the world castrate men
And our music can be healing castrate men and they're a punic castrate men
Ceramic locklin founded Lil' affair in 1996 as a venue to bring together fans of female musical artists from around the world
But come on. She must have known who would also attract a bunch of guys. You just want to get laid
Oh, man those crunchy birkin stock types are dying for it. It's like shooting fish in a barrel
If you can put up with no deodorant and braided hair snap near the face you will not go home unhappy
Ah
Minotus pigs being led around by their penises
But that doesn't mean I'm gay either
Well the indigo girls are and I think maybe Tracy Chapman
McLaughlin explains that the name Lilith was taken from a biblical story about an uppity woman in the Garden of Eden
Lilith refused to be subservient to Adam so she was forced to dwell with demons until the angels brought her back
And then she still wouldn't obey Adam so she was returned to hell where she had to witness the execution of a hundred of her children
Every day until she went slowly mad from anguish
Don't you see how empowering that is to women little fair
When those chicks get together in one place. There's no stopping them from all getting their periods at the same time
Weird how that happens. It's a big juicy something went look at show business tonight on inside the mind
I 45 and 560 w2 qm
I don't want to say some of you folks are just you know your little ponderous. Here's the facts from Gary get over at Gary
He says Neil good morning. I don't want to sound like a sore loser man
But how come I haven't heard anything from our liberal media about our new voting machines changing votes from a bride to Bush
Well guess what Gary and this must be the guy to call you today
It was on channel four news
I'm sure the other were local stations carried it as well
It was on it was there and it was uh there a couple of glitches on some machines in addition to which you know
Just like Jim McFeedy wrote again this one which I won't waste your time reading his column
But nevertheless it's another good one
Is McBride beat himself
I mean the opening was right there. Okay, they open the door and come right on in. It's all yours and the blue it
The only thing you talked to the only thing you talked about was education and then when I
Empushed his feet to the floor to the fire and said well how you're gonna fund that the smaller class size he went
Like that and that was the end of that he had nothing else to talk about
Yeah, he was
Week very weak so you know jana rena would have been bad
But this guy turned out to be maybe even a bigger loser at least somebody knew who she was
As the democrats once again clinched the fee from the jaws of victory one of their favorite pastimes
How's Michael do kaka doing by the way anybody seen him lately? No, well he's running an amtrak. I think is me is need the uh
Yes, he's an engineer. No, seriously. He's the one that takes care of the rats. He feeds him
No, but he's the head of amtrak. I believe Michael do kaka
152 votes on there. What's in he so you the most scared of the Republican take we should have also added while
I guess we could have called it the silver surfer
The republican take over 93 mohauer davidens hairpiece or the silver surfer 39
smallpox 9 anthrax 7 and bubonic plague already we got
four
Four now what about mice mice carry bubonic plague? I'm sure they can how do you know that?
Well, I don't I don't want you to tell me you're sure they can well
They're all rodents so I can only imagine right what's the difference besides the one is big new mexican mites
Well, if you see him like a mouse in your backyard probably want to ask is it from it?
It's from new Mexico, and I'm sure they have fleas as well before you let you dog out there to chew it to pieces
5 6 7 0 5 6 you got a fax hit. It's kind of like a really cheap shot at somebody that wasn't here today
So we probably wouldn't want to do that right because his wife was ill and guilty right that would be wrong. What's it say?
It says the goldstein school of voice
At goldstein school of deeper voice speech therapy and well, I'll get to in a minute
Well, we'll think about whether it's in good taste to do it or not because I don't really know what happened. Well, it doesn't rip his wife
In addition to which I feel like yeah like that like I'm gonna like do something
Oh, no, well, you won't have to worry about that noxious smell anymore
No, I have to worry about a different noxious smell least everybody else will won't bother me
Yeah, once in a while I go in there at take a leak and man it smells like somebody like I like somebody took a crap
Those doors are hermetically sealed
I'm talking about matter their studio not in the tea room
W.A.C.Y.M.
Yeah
W.A.C.Y.M.
Neil yes, sir
You know you're right about the pathers they lost me as a fan. You know, I could just put it on the TV
Yeah, and I used to sit down by you and the price that didn't matter. I just enjoyed going to the games
You know
Speaking of prices by the way they jacked up the prices of the concessions again, which is almost unbelievable and
And when you if you have like a job order to get some some sort of a soda and whatever and instead of the usual cartons
That they give me to carry the food they've got new lighter cartons their way like about a tenth of an ounce
And if you try to carry anything in it, they fall apart so you have to have double double wrap the cartons
It's a joke. Yeah, cheap cheap cheap. Yeah
Another thing I wanted to run by you is the homeless voice made of the bokeh or tone here
Hi, and I said to the guy I waved him over and I said you do realize you're making Sean
Canada a very rich man. Yeah, and he said that well, that's what everybody says
And he's still doing it another train monkey. Mm-hmm. Yeah, he's still out there doing it and
ever think it's a cut
Ever since Scott the long boy no one has heard from Scott the long boy recently. Yeah
Ever since he's gotten married
uh
We've missed him at the circle jerk. We don't see him anymore. Okay. Well, we'll have to get him back
Oh, and Neil too. I know I hate to bother you about you know, I know it's another none of your business
I ordered I'm sorry. I ordered three of those CDs like five weeks ago
Well, I'll tell you what Eric and the bokeh brine will be in touch with you one of these days
I'm not gonna deal with that stuff on the show. I will not deal with it
That's their deal. Okay. Wait, I mean, you know, I try to be the nice guy say go ahead put it on here
You guys you know make a few bucks, you know, the audience will love it
And then we want to put all this jackpot, you know
And you wonder why the girl didn't want to deal with the nightmare of mailing all those things out and taking you
Not just that but this is not even like under the ages of this show. It's like right. Oh, we'll take care of it
And I don't see the new thing on there that he the moa how are we the moa the uh the mo mo mo mo mo thing on there
I don't see it. You got to wait some mo
No, seriously, I mean what what kind of crap is that
So call up bokeh brine and Eric and just bitch their ass out and say what the hell is wrong with you guys?
Okay, I said in my money rio ordered it on my credit card like a hundred years ago
And you guys are dicking around and dicking around and dicking around what else going on with you guys man
If they're waiting for the new disc and then they make me look bad. That's what pisses me off. They make me look bad
I mean make me look like some kind of a schmuck a smuck schmuck. Yeah, if they're waiting for the new disc
That doesn't have the rest of the tussion song on it then they're gonna be disappointed these people wanted the
Older ripped you know that I'm sure they did
Just because they ordered that you think that's what they wanted maybe in their minds
They really wanted the other one. I'm sure they wanted any dish
Which I don't see that there is any other one anyway
I haven't seen one yet. So whatever you do don't order any crap off our website because you're probably get ripped off
That's the best thing I can tell you what what
No, I don't want to encourage these people order anything from our folks because uh we're not sending anything out. It's a scant's terrible
I feel like uh Mickey you guys are terrible
You know
Anyway, the speech therapy the voice is usually the biggest problem for
Male to female transsexuals and transvestites because after the voice is broken at puberty drugs and medical treatment are
Ineffective at altering it. This reminds me of Greg asked me that day. Isn't there some operation?
They can do. I'm gildies vocal cords to make him have like a real man's voice
That's exactly the way he said it, but that's what he meant
Most people believe that no, no, this goes on about a voice
Voice breaking and blah blah blah blah. Now you can have a voice like very white. This is uh this is not funny
This is not funny. I mean it goes on forever
I would be glad to read it if it were funny, but you know what it's not funny. No
Very sad a lot of people out there with too much time on their hands five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
On the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
What is all this stuff? What is this due propaganda here about what you can do today for Israel
I don't want to do anything for Israel. Okay. I don't live in Israel. I don't know from Israel
Don't waste your time sending me to propaganda. I'm not interested. All right. Do you want to help Israel out go there and have a good time
And tell sure you're going to lose some weight maybe you can stay in power
So they have a special erections over there. I guess January something like that
It's the artwork has it come back from the printer. I don't I don't want to hear about it
I don't want to I don't I wonder I'm not gonna start get on that whole bandwagon again with that that's why
Because they tell me one thing and then that's the last I ever hear about it
And then people like this poor guy who means very well who's a devoted dedicated was Nuri calls in and
Starts grilling me about it and he starts out by saying I know it's not your thing
And you know what that's where that was it. Yeah, that's not my thing
It just ain't my bag
So what we're gonna start doing is giving bokeh brine's home number out on here and you can call him and just rip him an ass five six one
Reem him out when in doubt reem him out say hey, you little bald head of geek you do some funny stuff
But generally speaking you're like a slacker is what you are
You and your partner up there your fat partner in Orlando
Playing fast and loose with our audience
How about let's come up with a good scam not something like that
Like that online detective thing would be good W.A.M
More new yes, sir
Just want to let you know you got a commercial running for national airlines
Yeah, they're bankrupt out of business gone. They are grounded. They're grounded. He's right. I was a trade out anyways
What would we just fight it?
Yeah, it was great. It was great. I'm gonna miss it
What went to that I know they went bankrupt, but they were still operating when did they stop flying?
Thank you yesterday
So I don't TV yesterday. So that I missed the plague story, but I saw that
Yep, so anyway, I'm out of material. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for the good news. Hey, listen
We don't care. It's a trade-out. So if we get something of course if it's a trade-out, what are we gonna get for it?
That's the old flight to nowhere
Yeah, you just sit on the runway in a plane right they'll serve you a snack, mm-hmm
And of course with our luck we have like a bommel or something like that
5 6 and I'm telling I'm getting nauseous from this the fumes that are coming in here getting like really snow nothing
I'm not joking. I'm getting sick from it. It must be coming from the vents because they always hit that room first. Oh
Man, I'll help. It's like no seriously like some of the port for Maldehyde into it
Hey, if I tilt over like that, it's not gonna be I'm not gonna be making that sound. I'm gonna be going like that because it's
Not gonna be a pretty picture. I'll tell you nothing WQ I am
Hello, yes, sir
Neil is there somebody to take me off the air? I just have a question doesn't pertain to the show question about what?
Um, well, I made a promise to Jim Mandage last week to bring him something and I just need to get directions and find out what time he comes in
Okay, hold on thank you. Take care of that guy and two we don't want to screw him over even though it has nothing to do with our show
We like the mad dog so we'll take care of him. Oh poor George has to put the headset on and talk to somebody
He could have called Carlos. He would have hooked him up. Yeah
Yeah, the mad dogs got the right attitude he came in here yesterday and he said you know
I don't want to tell you everything you said but generally speaking he's right
We got the right attitude from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. on his station
Let's work more pay and who I help could ask for anything better than this
I think I'm gonna like have one of those deals any second now
And I think it's from the smell in here from this aroma
Make him mean nauseous makes me want to puke gag
It would be like if somebody took your head and shoved it into a bucket of Mr. Clean and you couldn't get your head out
and you just uh, you know
Fumes man sounds like something from osha sounds like a massive lawsuit to me
WQ I am
Hello, yes sir. Uh, yeah, I can you play that Fidel Castro song?
Who?
Uh, the one like uh, Havana Gila Havana Gila all right. Okay. I'm playing Havana Gila. I have no idea what he's talking about
Anybody know Fidel Castro? No, never heard the guy. Don't know what you're talking about. Okay
Right out of the blue there you go. That's we're back to the old times again. It's great
It's really good all these people saying oh, well, we're sure glad you're taking those calls again
The show has been just smoking yeah. Hey you guys have been smoking something. All right. Don't share though. I know the scent
5 6 7 got a million open lines here today. It's all up to you
I got a whole bunch of stuff here bedtime stories. I don't feel like doing it again because I feel like crap
I'm nauseous from whatever's in this building. Oh, man
And Julio when he was in there he smelled it
George tilted right over to the to from east to west. He said man. I smell something
I
Am to get it on the security officers observed Ms. Ryder removed
Cinematic text which are the security tax and then she was observed to leave the store without pain for the item
She's hiding clothes and jewels and pearls time and time again
You guys stealing is wrong
There's all kinds of things for her to sleep. Oh, can she pull off a set of china play
All the charges will be dismissed when shopping's over
She's longing to escape
Convending over from the way
So grab more close
You
When
To that place, whole Lord quest, your name.
But I always feel as though looking over my shoulder.
And who really gives a crap? You know, I am so sick of that whole deal.
Well, don't around her.
Because it's the hysterical story to juror.
And therefore we have to be inundated.
And I mark garragos. That's the one, her lawyer.
The one that gives me the creeps.
What I kind of like, doobie mustache.
Man, does he make me sick?
It seems to that they're the formaldehyde.
Maybe somebody puts him formaldehyde in my cup.
There he goes.
Because it does smell in my cup, too.
I could go wash my cup off, but that would take like too much energy.
Three minutes after 10, I'd rather live dangerously.
At 5.60 WDQ.
I'm here as a fact that says,
long time list of my really enjoy your show.
Keep up the more Howard stick is great.
I have one major suggestion that is you better get rid of Todd Dreck.
Well, now we're talking.
Absolutely correct.
We've been advertising for national airlines.
Today, national closed their doors is not returning consumers money.
Well, kind of like sounds like Volka Brian and Eric to me.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, what do you mean?
Sounds like a ripoff to me.
You want to go to Vegas?
Give us some money.
Of course, we're not flying anymore, but we'll take the money.
Boy, I'm serious.
There was something in here and here and it's just a grotesque.
I think I may have to take the mic on.
I can sit on the floor and reduce the gear.
Go out in the hallway.
You don't smell of that all?
Maybe something now.
Aha!
See, it's just probably starting to seep through and air.
And I think we're getting the old gas.
And could that be a coincidence after Tuesday's election?
No.
I don't think so.
So all these people that are taking crap.
Well, what are these people worried about the Republican takeover?
I think we're getting gasped is what I think.
Right here on the radio.
And what did I also say?
I realize it's only a little after 10 in the morning.
But what did I say on Tuesday about the stock markets?
Yeah, about how the artificial inflation and what day did I say that they would see them start going back to the US?
Back, back, back down.
Even though the Fed caught rates of half a point yesterday for an initial little bit of a, you know,
look what's happening now.
That was down 125.
Nasdaq's down 26.
See what I'm saying?
Thursday, just like I said.
But you folks, you keep believing all the crap that your government tells you because they would never lie to us.
Ever.
Hello, George.
How about you, QAM?
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
I'm doing pretty good.
All right, good.
The I want to write a thing.
It was just any other Schmettrick that was stuffing clothing in their backpack, you know, would they go to jail?
Sure, you bet.
Yeah, absolutely.
Let me ask you this though.
US Air.
US Air.
Bankrupt.
Yeah.
Bankrupt company.
They plan on coming out of Bankruptcy after the first of a year, the first quarter that is.
Do you think that would be a good investment?
What do you mean, I think it would be a good investment?
I think it would be a good investment.
You mean investing in the stock market?
Yeah, it's a good investment.
Put it under your mattress.
Okay, put it under your mattress.
Okay, put it under your mattress.
What a ridiculous phone call.
I like to do a worse call I ever had in my life.
You're talking to the wrong guy.
Oh, and y'all!
Oh, and wait till you hear this.
I can't believe I didn't talk about this yet.
Guess who's one of these sponsors, you know, on the big scoreboard of the Macarena?
And they have the stock market thing in between periods.
Mitch Hersch.
Oh, my God.
The Hersch Arnold team.
And they actually show the two of these bozos up there.
And then they got some broad.
But he beat the moon.
Put him up.
And she's giving the market the summary and the doubt of this.
And I did that.
And this.
So what do you think about whatever he was just asking you?
US Air.
What do we, you're calling me about the stock market?
I think it's a good investment.
Oh, yeah.
Right.
Let me tell you something.
Sir, a fool in his money are soon farted.
Okay.
What a clown.
You go ahead.
I'll tell you what.
Well, mark it on the calendar.
November 7th.
A day that'll live in infamy.
2002.
What you call us back a year from now.
Let us know how much money you made.
I'm just telling you right now.
This thing is.
It's getting intense in here.
It's getting worse.
Can you smell it?
No, no, no, no, no, I didn't fart.
I'm trying to.
Sir, you know, he's going to run out.
I'm talking about the cleaning of solvent.
Whatever the hell is an events in here?
It's in here.
It doesn't show anything in there.
Ah, he's.
Since he got that new mattress, he's like out of it.
In of it, in of it, in of it, out of it, in of it, out of it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I'm not exaggerating.
Do I usually make a big, you know, no, I don't.
We work under some pretty grizzly conditions, believe me.
But the fact of the matter is there's something really.
We're being gassed right here.
This is even worse than the time I had the stroke on here that time.
Now we're actually being gassed right in the middle of a radio show.
Probably the guy named Fox News Network's up to it.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Those hooded freaks.
Maybe it's that Russian opium gas.
That could be it.
Hey, that could be it.
How'd you like to play?
Q-I-M.
Nobody there.
Nobody on line 7.
What a bitter disappointment.
W-Q-I-M.
Hello.
Are we on a run?
Yeah.
Q-I-M. Hello.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here too, yes.
Yeah, can you tell me how to get to the archives, Wade?
No.
I had people come up to me at the hockey game.
I said, you know, I'm going to tell you.
Anybody ask me a question about our website ever again?
We will shoot you on the spot.
We won't ask any questions.
We won't make any apologies.
We won't send you flowers.
We will just shoot you right on the spot.
In fact, what we're going to do is we're going to give out Eric and Boca Brian's home numbers
and everything else.
Shoot size.
I would say penis size, but I'm not too sure that that's relevant in this particular case.
I'm not sure that...
Piles of boys.
People asking this and that about it.
I'm not going to go through that story again.
Okay, there's nothing we can do about it.
There is nothing we can do.
There's the actor strike.
We can't play the commercials.
We can't excise them from the archives.
Therefore, until they settle that strike in the year 25, 25,
whatever they settle that actor strike on the commercials,
there will be no archives.
That's the best I can do.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, I know what you're saying.
Between the enrollment here, it's enough to make me feel like I'm going to be sick to my stomach and out of here tomorrow.
You know what?
I never heard so much better.
I might just be out sick tomorrow.
About something that's free.
I might be sick like another client at 1030.
Why didn't you just give me?
Do you give me something to read?
What?
Information from National.
What word?
How is it?
Oh, well, don't put it there.
He puts the information from National, but a commercial's, man.
Don't be putting it on my commercials.
Although, this is...
I don't know when we just ran there out of business.
So I go to show you boys and girls, if you hear it, I'm QAM.
It's probably a scam.
It's probably a scam.
And if it is a scam, Todd Rex got his finger in it.
All the way into his...
Exactly.
He really is.
He's one of the most repulsive little pieces of crap.
Now, see, not necessarily physically repulsive like PD Lenny.
I mean, he is...
To see him is to like gag.
PD Lenny.
Am I right?
I mean, just to physically lay eyes upon him is inside comedy.
Oh!
No, not the comedy long since we're off with that clown.
But Todd Rex, here is a man who is devious, dangerous.
He's the triple-dee's dumb, devious, and dangerous, kind of like the president.
Only a little less dangerous.
I can't believe that you cannot smell.
It's getting stronger and stronger.
I'm serious.
I'm getting gasped right here on the goddamn radio.
It's coming.
It's pouring through the vents.
I think I've got the poop on it.
Pity plays.
Yeah, that's what I got.
The poop on it plays.
Maybe it's in this chair because the way I'm starting to feel right now.
I think pretty soon I will poop on it.
You can't smell it at all.
Nope.
What I think we're going to do is like...
Why, I was just going to get out of here and then...
During the break, you come back in here and sitting...
I'll just stand here.
You don't have to sit in this chair.
I don't want to soar your ass.
And this is certainly.
Anyway, National Airlines announced it will cease operations effective.
Well, this was yesterday to win out of business and we're running spots today.
I mean, like that.
They closed down.
Yesterday we're running spots here on QA, and today for National Frick and Air Force.
And they call us the laughing stock at a business.
Wow.
Customers with tickets on National Airlines that were purchased your master card or visa credit cards may apply for refund through their credit card company.
Refunds for tickets from National Airlines will not be available because they ain't got no money.
Those are the important things.
Thanks very much.
Well, don't go away.
I want you doing a break to like come in here and sniff around.
It was just a joke.
I didn't do I just kind of like did a little tilt.
What I do that.
12 minutes after 10 at 560 WQ.
I think I got the I'm serious to poop on it plague.
I got something.
And then there was that mouse in my backyard this morning that my dog got a toy about that.
Right.
Please jump off the mouse onto your dog.
Yeah.
And then onto you.
You got carpet, right?
Yeah.
Whole flea community living in those things.
Oh my God.
Like I said, I'm getting out of here.
12 minutes after 10 at 560 WQM.
Let's face you to be here.
Let's talk about fast training until we're all blue in the post.
And they're still in business.
That's the best part.
Isn't every fresh you can do a spot for some of it still in business.
Anyway, the facts are simple.
If you have the dedication, fast training can provide you with necessary training to become a certified computer professional.
According to Time Magazine, the demand for computer professionals will continue to explode.
Which I think I'm going to do any second.
Their average student completes the training and just for sure at month's attending school three nights a week.
Once you complete your certification, fast training will help you in getting that new computer job.
They invite you to come and visit their train career.
Council ended determined which track is ideal for you.
Is it Northfield, Northville, Hazel Park, South of Downs, Lebanon, or Jackson, Harnes, Raceway.
Call fast train toll three at 1-866-Fast train to set up an appointment.
With four convenient locations, there is bound to be one near you no matter where you live.
They're in Kendall, Miami, Pembroke Pines, and Fort Lauderdale.
And while you're at it, don't forget to ask the career counselor for listed students just like yourself who are currently in their dream jobs thanks to getting their training at fast train.
So if you're tired of working for peanuts, if you're tired of having a dead end job and working for some schmuck, then pick up a phone and call fast train at 1.
See, I said that again.
1-866-Fast train.
That's 1-866-Fast train or check them out on the web at fast train.com.
And when you call, be sure and tell them that the anxious Todd Dreck told you to call.
I am Lord. This is Force 20516. You way out.
Way to do it from our good friends at Oinkakarta Travel. Aspen, Colorado.
That's the place to go if you like skiing.
Imagine for a moment you're on the slope.
You put your knees together, bend slightly forwards, and then you grab your pole while you put the other hand on the edge of the table.
This is unacceptable. We'll rope this.
I think it would find...
No, I'm not Mr. Sipkord. I know who's responsible for this sabotage.
This is the heavy work that I thank at you, poof, and that train gubble of a monkey of his.
Well, the jokes on them. Why I'll have you know.
I got connections in New York.
Forner, you look just an ounce of...
Send them in.
You'll see you now.
Thanks. Get out of my way.
Godfather, what do you know? What do you say?
Maul, my most, we cause the train's friends.
What can I do for you on the day of my father's abortion?
I am here to demand that you grant me a favor.
I want a sink in a head of Neil Rush.
What have I done to be treated with such this respect?
Oh, Godfather, I'm at the end of my rope.
Every day they cut me right to the dead.
Using my name and vein, and just making fun of my veins.
I've had my rented here a week and I'm old.
You can act like a man.
You know who I am.
You're a man who deserves respect.
So here's a ticket to Vegas.
Who needs Vegas?
Get me, Frank. I already live in paradise.
I ask you to don't talk to a man like Boah, I would like that.
I want you to take care of our friend Mr. Mo over here.
Sure, Pop.
Okay, take your pants off, fella. Let me show you a good time.
Could you hand off me a big dummy?
I ain't dumb.
Goddum, you're stupid at this.
Yeah, but not like they say.
Give me a hand here where you look up.
I'm on a day break.
Shabbat howling is about to keep him quiet, day?
Yeah.
And then...
She's out of her tent that can't go plunge.
And the worst part for Mo is the ticket to give him to Vegas was on national airlines.
Today 18 at 560 WDQM we got 244 votes.
Which of these are you most scared of?
The Republican takeover 146.
Mo Howard David Hedges hairp 69 to silver surfer to silver fox, smallpox, 15, anthrax 8 and bubonic plague 6.
Singer Bobby Brown jailed in Atlanta.
He may not be good, but at least he's consistent.
Another scumbag that I'm really tired of hearing about, aren't you?
Oh, brother.
Arrested again?
Singer Bobby Brown is in the Atlanta Municipal jail after an arrest early today on drug and traffic charges.
Let's hear it from Bobby Brown.
Go on down.
Brown 33 has been charged with possession of an ounce of marijuana.
No proof of insurance, speeding and no driver's license.
Well, what's so far in seeing any problem?
According to an officer at the jail of Gavername is Rolf.
It's enough to make you want to...
Pukes.
Brown, the husband of singer Whitney Houston, who's also enough to make you a pukes,
wanted to neighboring Decalb County in a five year warrant stemming from his 1996 arrest.
According to the Decalb County court system, Brown was charged with driving out of the influence of the Provincial Insurance,
fated to maintain lane and speeding April 22, 1996.
After a Fourier of illegal activity from Brown's attorneys and local media stations that wanted to type the proceedings,
the singer's arraignment was put on the February 3, 1997 docket, but state court judge Wayne Purdam refused to hear Brown's plea in absentia
and continued the proceedings to February 14.
When Brown failed to show up then, Purdam issued a bench warrant in Brown for fitted a $1,160 bond.
Brown has been arrested several times since leaving the 1980s singing group New Edition.
I didn't know he was in the New Edition.
You didn't?
No.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm not thinking about it.
I'm thinking of the New First Edition.
Kenny Rogers in the First Edition.
One Bobby Brown in the First Edition?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, he sang kind of like a white guy then, like a country, like Charlie Pride and Kissa singer Good Morning.
In January 98, Brown was convicted in Florida to Mr. Meeners, driving out of the influence of alcohol and property damage.
I'm tired of all this.
Okay.
I'm tired of Bobby Brown.
I'm tired of Whitney Houston.
I'm tired of Guy Dan What's her name?
Winona Ryder.
Anybody want a Ryder?
Yeah, sure.
Why not?
She's all right.
She's all right.
Oh, and I've tired of him too.
And McDermott CNN, Los Angeles.
Thanks, Anne.
Who?
Hugh Grant.
Oh, God, man.
There's not...
He is just repulsive.
Here's the fact that...
Neil, is there anybody you like?
Oh, yeah.
Julian Miami says I was just holding for you on the phone, God disconnected.
I'm so sorry, Julian.
In fact, everybody must have got disconnected because we've got no calls on here, like one.
Something's amiss.
Something's wrong with our phone?
Nobody QAM?
I'm here.
Okay, well, speak to me.
The computer don't work.
I think that drilling stuff at something with that smell or trying to speed a pipe in there to gas you out.
I think that's what it is. You're right.
I think you started to slow your words.
I'd be careful.
Yeah.
Where is it?
I was Mario last night.
Mario, he was good in the first period.
He made a great little drop pass for their first goal.
He was good.
And he had a couple of really good chances, and they were stoned by Lomango.
But in the last two periods, he didn't do too much.
He did tie the game up with eight seconds left, but other than that, he didn't do much.
Did you...
You cut out like you do?
I bet you're part of it.
No, we stayed till the end till the winning goal.
What do you mean, cut out like you do?
I don't leave him when there's an overtime.
Well, sometimes you cut out for the...
I mean, you put this one in the bag for it to go over.
Why would you do that when you got a tie game?
And believe me, there were plenty of people who did leave out of there
and didn't come back for the overtime, which makes me nauseous.
Well, that's what I'm saying.
I knew the past was somehow even a thing up.
How did you know that?
No, it just took the way they played last five minutes of the game lately.
The pan was...
The pan was didn't do too much.
After the first period, they kind of like laid out.
Like they weren't interested.
Yeah.
Maybe the drugs were either setting in or wearing off.
I'm not sure which.
Thanks a lot.
I just knew they were going to win, didn't you?
Oh, yeah.
Anyway, she was holding out disconnected.
So there's something wrong with your puter in there?
Not anymore.
Oh, okay. We got it straightened out.
Thank God for that, because now that we're taking calls again,
this place blows, man.
All these people all show so much better when he was in Miami.
Bull crap!
Just being here is enough to make me gag.
We got poison gas coming through the vest.
And the gal came in and he didn't break.
He don't smell anything.
But like you said, he has no senses anyway.
No, seriously.
He just like no feeling, no smelling, no nothing.
Even his girlfriend said it's kind of like, you know, like a little...
Squirt, Squirt.
And that's it.
That's too a lot like that.
That's it.
Roll over, go to sleep.
Anyway, she says, was it poop on it, plague?
More how we're dicking with the phones or Jimmy Danny and Ricky and Jay?
I think about it being Chris and Orande is what it might have been.
Request, please play the bit that I just did.
There you go.
Do it.
I play the bad part of it.
See I'm way ahead of her.
See, this is that movie with Barbara Stanwick, I'm telling you.
Or was it Joan Crawford with the Try to Drive her crazy?
Gaslight.
Wasn't that the movie with gas?
Yeah, I see gaslight.
That's what this is.
It's a reprise of gaslight with Charles Boyet with that is name.
Yes.
And was it...
I don't know.
I thought when I was like to...
She's like a man who says we want ackman on the dolphin just imagine Try and Ricky in the same backfield.
Cue Goldies voice.
Look out, Troy.
He's headed for your ass.
And by the way, I want to say this.
Okay, we tried getting a hold of Boka and Boka Brian and Eric and both their phone numbers have been disconnected.
They've both left town.
So you suckers out there that try to buy that CD.
Good luck to you.
Hey, I'm not gonna...
Look, you think I'm gonna take the grief for that crap?
I get involved with that with the best of intentions and then they leave me holding the sack.
El Sacco.
Let's get some food in here that might make me feel better.
You do that a real sick.
Well, both.
Where's the one you feel better?
Yeah.
Both.
Here's Brian, long time fan who says glad to see you back at the evening.
By the way, some people probably would wonder how come you were in your Maple Leaf jacket last night?
Other than this thing on the drive?
That's probably because my Maple Leaf jacket is in Toronto.
Actually, we're at the dry cleaner in Toronto, which you will go.
But then don't have it, so I couldn't worry.
I always wear my Leaf jacket proudly even if we lose every game, which we're pretty close to it.
National Airlines, somebody faxed me.
The Ceases operations are very, very sad.
Too bad.
And this is, you know what, it's really sad because they were good.
That's America for you.
If something is good, they go out of business.
If something sucks like McDonald's, they're making billions.
That's America for you.
Just like the election.
Same crap.
Not that we have anything good to vote for, but the worse it is, the more they like it.
They want to suck it up.
God.
I think my liver is like going to fall out of my stomach from this smell.
I think this is like industrial oil poisoning or something.
I want everybody in the audience to write down the times and the dates.
You can all be witnesses.
I'll split the booty with you.
We'll share the booty.
Who's?
It said it was one of the best games I've seen the last two years.
I'm still squeezing it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
Box News Heather World.
We really like your f***ing you.
We really like your f***ing you.
Box News Heather World.
Box News Heather World.
We really like your f***ing you.
We really like your f***ing you.
We really like your f***ing you.
You're fine looking fascist and the perfect little Nazi.
I want to plump their coffee through your soil panties.
The starting news.
Look you slug and sweet.
Laughing your lips like hand.
Colters rose big.
Box News Heather World.
We really like your f****ing you.
Well, yeah.
Box News Heather World.
We really like your f***ing you.
We really like your f****ing you.
You ever think about your adolescent?
Are you stupid bitch?
You want to touch him?
Three way?
Sir.
You're probably not gonna be there.
Ah!
Should I see for myself?
Ah!
The li-sum pigs froze but between your cons
I'll bet it tastes like bubble gum
See you next time you need a story done
Since it takes a little bit more to make you come
Box News has a ho-ho
We'd really like to f- you
Oh yeah!
Box News has a ho-ho
We'd really like to pour tea!
1033-560 WDQM Happy Thursday 2
We got the mad dog of one Hank is at 3
Bino Cook with Hank
Oh boy 5 to 6 we have no idea why
Shit goes panther preview with 630
Panthers to play the caps in Washington tonight
So for fuck, Eddie K from GA at 10 o'clock
I arrived at the hockey game and
What?
ESPN radio again overnight
What is that all about on Thursday night?
Could that be right?
Are they taking vacation again like in
Parts like your kids?
What is that all about?
Well, what do we know?
Don't ask too many questions okay
Because there's a lot of important things going on
We don't know what they'll they are
But there's a lot of important stuff going on
Foods on away from Tony's
That's a good news
I think there's like was poison in my cup
You know
Which sent on by the middle
As long as I finish the show
Here's a facts from water and
What?
As long as I finish the show
I was like broke on the year
Although we would get
At least I get in the paper that way anyway
All of the stuff that's been going on here
I want to say it again
I want to go on record is making very very clear
To show you what a bush league place this is
I mean really bush league
All of the stuff that's been going on
Just on this station forget about all the other
Stuff there must be other crap going on the market
With something you know with radio
And even local TV there's nothing absolutely nothing
So little timey jica you can have your make believe
For letters to the Sunday news magazine
All you want I don't really care
Because you just you this fall night you got your
Cooking schedules they probably don't even write anyway
I bet you if you want on the Sunsettle website right now you'd find a cooking show schedule on the Sunsettle on Tom'sica
I guarantee you
During the next break I'm going to check it out
Water and deer field beats as the following is a synopsis of a story featured in the latest mother Jones urinal
Should the Pentagon be given the name of the address of every high school student in America
Well as David Goodman reports that's exactly what's required by the president bushes
No child left behind act
Buried within the 670 pages of bushes sweeping the education laws a provision requiring pubic high schools to provide military recruiters with contact information for every student or face a cut off of all federal
Relief you know what I think that smell is
You know that what do they call aspartame
Okay
That it's like like what alcohol in it it does yes
And I think maybe my diet right is like game you're something you know what I mean that could be I'm serious because it's only like right around and here it's not anywhere else in the room
You started smelling it I started smelling dinner like what after you sat down and got all comfortable after I sat down lifted one cheek
I started smelling real bad it said the full context now what was I just saying this is very important very good
670 pages of bushes sweeping the way education laws a provision requiring public high schools to provide military recruiters with contact information for every student or face a cut off of all federal aid
Big brothers watching you okay on you idiotic goose steppers out there the full context of the article can be found at the and they doesn't say can be found at it says
High the children were effed better yet how about an all republican offspring military draft water and your field beach when I was great water but you didn't tell me where you find the full context you left that blank
Get with it water maybe it was excise from his facts you think that's possible could be 287 votes on a pool which of these are you the most scared of
The republican take over 166 mohauer David is a hairpiece 90 smallpox 16 anthrax 8 and bubonic plague 7
What about aspartame I thought I had articles on that about the fact that there is wood alcohol in Ireland there is an aspartame you watch we'll get a call out into a two or three or not you mark my words
And I think and you smell that you smell my cup yeah that's like was playing hockey or something I mean I haven't
So would Ricky Williams wow I should have played a triagman thing and only forget play a toy's a can aim this and the other one
Because Troy may be coming I noticed that Mo was trying to like play that down this morning like the mascot was the one and let me say it again John Ruth
Ralph whatever he pronounces his name the mascot that got candy by the marlins that's my guy from South Carolina that I had Ron Fraser bring here I'll say it again because nobody
Also made a credit for it so I'll say he got screwed over by the marlins just like Joe angel got screwed over by the marlins but keep in mind John everybody who leaves comes up smelling like a rose cause you
Wanted to win the Giants and they get in the world series nice going Joe screw David Brian and John Henry and the rest of the freaking marlins and all of their stupid ass fans too you people make me sick
Makes me nauseous they could put a bunch of 10 year old kids out there with a jock strap on with marlins uniforms on and we still have a bunch of not many not many just like now
We still have a handful of people going out there we love the marlins yeah right what how are you kiddin David Samson I think somebody cut his guy didn't hear too short
And what happened to Samson yes I think somebody took away his clicker got whipped and I got it
5 6 7 0 5 60 you I'm Tony you're gonna find out today about aspartame which I drink by the not good for you bad stuff in everything not good you're gonna die someday God damn it what's wrong with you crazy bastard try to tell what's good for me
Well listen of course nothing's good for you or I do like these new spots by the way the new Dell spots you want to know why
because Steve is in a mess number he's on this one at the end I don't want this one kid would even right there now he's goofy but at least this kid looks good you know what I'm saying second most
8 spots yeah no he's but there no guy that kid no I don't know from that you don't know he's okay don't be some head of a sexual
I don't care whether they're stupid I'm not gonna buy a Dell computer I would I wouldn't buy a Dell if they gave me one and you
want to know why because of the because of Steve what I'm trying to see there he is there he was again I have to get him on
but at least I keep it at home they're keeping him in quarantine because whatever he's got they're afraid it's contagious
like that's not a plague and where everybody in America is going to grow around saying dude you're getting the Dell dude like I said in the beginning
for about 5 minutes he was amusing that was it in the end when it doubt cut it out like a big tumor
same with that stupid lizard on the guy co-spons now see I disagree everybody I know things are spots are cute I hate not all of them but the one with
a little Chihuahua's cute that one where he says just what I need a talking gecko with the trial is the Chihuahua's cute but the
lizard is obnoxious what is that I just got to saying I like the one with the Chihuahua because I like dogs now my dog went
out this morning in the yard and was wrestling all around out there and come to find out he killed a mouse again
and I don't think they're ever going to stop playing that employee the month spot and if that mouse had our fleas that are infected
who want to play then what I'm going to do is go around a building before I get out of here and bite everybody
well I mean misery loves company I don't want to be the only one let me see how it's mean
uh oh oh oh oh look at there's a stranded passenger from national airline because uh you know my wife and I and family are waiting for me in Miami
and I have to report to work tomorrow so um take the day off pal don't worry about it we just gave it a
off national and what like I said what a shame they did such a great job the service was great the food in
first class was excellent they flew nonstop they left they not only left on time they used to usually
left like five minutes early if they've had everybody on board they got back on time they were great
but that's the way it goes America doesn't like quality America likes schlock they like cheap and they like schlock
cheap and schlock that's why they don't give a crap about smaller class sizes they just don't want to pay any more
tax because they don't want to they don't they don't taxes in evil word in this country and in the state
all the people like oj come here to avoid paying tax and avoid paying leans
I think we had to send bill withers outside oj's house to sing leo on me
there's no weather still alive as far as I know well let's find out
19 to 11 at five sixty wqm we got lunch on a way it's a great Wednesday I think we found the problem here
the root of all my carrying on this morning great Wednesday when I say it's a great Friday
you know when it comes to eating in good food there's so many good restaurants to choose from
but if you're looking for the best le in Miami you bet it's her bets her bets has been slicing it
and piling it on thick for over 30 years almost as long as I've been piling it on it's New York style
deli and it's best with her bets homemade pea soup delicious daily specials and the best
best gastramic corn beef and brisket and boy there's nothing like mouthwatering brisket that melts
her bets has even got the pickles coastline cucumber salad on the tables like they're good old days
before the old fart strove all those other delis out of business her bets was even voted the best
breakfast and cheap eats restaurant on city search dot com and now's the time to start thinking
about your holiday party needs her bets does a stupendous job with how they platters and catering
for your family parties or at the orifice her bets has been servicing some of Miami's top
corporations for years is that serving or servicing they've been doing them if you order now I
mentioned the eruders show you'll get 10% off your holiday catering order how can you be
that with a stick her bets you'll find them on 79th Avenue just off the pulmato expressway
you can call Greg at 305 five nine two seventy eight eighteen that's 305 five nine two seventy eight
eighteen the best news is her goal of a third anymore that's why they're a great place
years ago this used to be a sponsor mine was a guy named her goal abuse to be at her bets
and I'm on a ten that could he made Todd direct seem like a wonderful guy anyway call Greg at
305 five nine two seventy eight eighteen say hey Greg thank God her being there anymore
reach him on the net her bets dot com the best alien Miami you bet it's her bets
my life and look up this is 405 six
away yeah
oh
what
when the squad are back it's lonely
he likes receivers better why
some people say that number eight is gay
okay
they say true loves the big brown eye
hey
hey
man
he goes down on his music man
it's guys he likes to please
hey
man
he loves to slap cowboys on their behind
he's got a spotless reputation
America's team has world been out
but is Troy gate I've heard some people say
yeah
in the heart will he goes down
back down
eight
man
he goes down on his music man
I can't some balls to squeeze
like me
all right
don't let him cause he likes it from behind
boys they can
a-ness
boys they can a-ness
boys they can a-ness
boys they can a-ness
I'm falling
you got
big
I'm crazy
well what I'm about to say
but the module
Johnson the NFL
most of them are gay
Boy Johnson has one
grotesque
his slowest
Steve Gunt
and Troy likes
making
cowboys
more threat
fair gun
and bond
anyway
we
I have some
gone
that explain
to me
why
all
thisolve
William
Watch
hunts
Look
Focus
Focus
utos
Don't be picking on our good post friend. He might be here someday soon.
DROY!
Or not as a case may be. Anyway, oh they're drilling again downstairs. You know
something this is a perfect day really is all the way around. First of all I'm
getting poison and gas while I'm on here. Now they're starting to drill downstairs
again with that pneumatic goddamn drill under my ass. I mean what more can we
have? Yeah? Maybe guest appearance by Johnny Dark would top it off perfect.
Here's Walton Deerfield saying the website about that full text of the Bush
draft article about getting every kids a name shoe size etc. Mother Jones.com
slash news. Mother Jones.com. There you go. You got Mother Jones in there?
Most recent one. Well how do you like that Mother Jones. What was it? What was the name
of the article? I don't know. Something about Bush as a fascist. Well just look
at you find a lot of those articles in Mother Jones. Listen to George says
Bill Witheres is very much still alive. How do you like that? He retired from the
music industry in late 80s saying that now he had a new daughter wanted to focus
on his life on that etc. Apparently he's also kicking around some ideas for
new music is I'm sure someone is gifted as he is simply can't turn off his muse
but today nothing firm has been from variety magazine about former CEO. He's
still alive Bill Witheres. He wants to lean on you is what he said. Isn't that
what James Baker said to you wants to lean on Jews? Phil and Carl Springs Ryan I
did tell you I was pretty sure was not Barbara Stanwick but I do like
mentioning her name because then we can talk about her being a dyke but it was
not her and gas line was in great way. It was in good Bergman. Oh and
Ingrid Bergman wasn't no dyke she was making illegitimate babies. Yes she was
well what was fashionable who cares well they cared back then they weren't too
fond of that but nevertheless it was Ingrid Bergman not Barbara Stanwick. Thank
you so much Phil and Carl Springs. Also Jack Baxes and says Gadsden's been
talking about leaving the doll for any connection between that decision and
Moe's infatuation huh? Someone don't think about Chris and Aronde keep Moe out
of the locker when we can't afford to lose more players says Jack. Thanks Jack. A
lot of open lines in that phone were gonna be taking thousands and thousands of
calls between now one are we? I mean a whole crap load. Got a lot of votes on that
poll I'll tell you that maybe that's why they're busy. 329 votes which are
the easiest and the most scared of. The public can take over 185 should have also
put draw on your two. Moe Howard David is a hairpiece hundred and three got the
article. There you go. Thanks Walton. Now wherever you were in the December
Mother Jones. December Mother Jones. The name of the article is one. No child
unrecuted. Smallpox 22. Bubonic plague 10 and anthrax 9. WDQAM. QAM hello.
Yeah I had a question on your website. It's probably for George on your website
there's some pictures of George and Joe and stuff and there's a picture of two
girls and one girl has a tongue stinging out to the other who is that. I don't
know. You don't know. I know if it was in front of me I could tell you who it was.
There's a lot of pictures on there. Yeah but this is one very specific. Well call
up the Brian at home he'll tell you. He'll also tell you when he's been in
a lot of CDs. Nobody got charged for those yet by the way. I just mentioned
that in passing but I don't want to get stuck in the middle of that and from
this moment on I don't want I want to even know about it. If they're peddling
if they're peddling heroin on our website. Whatever they want I don't care. I
just don't want to know about it. We got heroin. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
in Verizon line WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. Yes Neil. Yes I am. Okay. Can I talk a
little bit about the smart thing situation you were talking about earlier? I'm on
the road tonight. Yes please please I thought we'd be dead use the cause of
about that. Okay. It's partying above 86 degrees turns to
formaldehyde. Ah yeah I told you to smell like formaldehyde. And formaldehyde
converts in the body into formic acid. And? Which is the same type of poison that
fire ants have. Oh no. And I'm going to fact that since I get home a
factual with the article about the whole
whole situation with a smart thing which most of your diets so deserve. Oh my
god. I'm sitting here drinking this by the gallon because I don't have any of
my other stuff to drink because PD Lane is a lion piece of crap. I'm dying on the
hand. Yeah. So that's pretty much it. I know we're
getting ready to roll out another sweetener to replace this
I sure hope so thanks for the bad news. Bring me some cheap flowers.
Thanks. How do you like that? I'm going to die from a
because it's very possible this was stored especially it's been so glad
him hot lately. Stored somewhere was like a hundred degrees right?
What temperatures didn't need to reach? 36. Oh.
Nobody just said let's and then start turning to formaldehyde. 86. I don't get
down to yesterday. That's the winter day under 100 here. So I'm sitting here
drinking and what did I say before I said it smells like among other things
one of the things I mentioned formaldehyde. You said I said freaking
effin formaldehyde. You must be around that a lot. What?
formaldehyde? To be able to pick up on this smell like that. Hang out a little. I love
people. I think that this these diets so does like he said the
Asperr tame. I think especially down here. See that's another reason not to be
here because any place else it's not like so sweltering but here it's so
hot and human. It's like boiling the Asperr tame into a virulent poison
inside your body. Oh see and you could smell it in my cup.
Right I could. That's all. No even adames would be embarrassed. My cup is
running over with poison and I'm gonna oh I feel like I'm gonna start like
having bowel problems. Oosing bloody stools like what's his name?
I think that's when he left here remember that I started talking and I
didn't make that up either by the way that was where he fostered who was running
around everybody in a building complained that he had
oozing bloody stools. And then when I mentioned not here he got all bent out of shape.
And then of course he and OJ and uh
Pedro were having a good time too. 5 6 7 I want to see those phone start
moving. Here we got two hours to go here today new people are as dead as a
goddamn door nail. I should have known things have been going
much much too well last couple of weeks. Things have been phenomenal.
And just like as always in this town it's as kind of comes back to a screeching
goddamn halt. Just in the Asperr tame thing thank goodness this last guy called it
that phone should be smoking now with information from people in other
goddamn S from IELBO but nothing but a beep but a boop but that's a south Florida
sound man that drone that awful droning sound of death
you can smell it maybe that's what I'm smelling. In fact what do they
embomb people with from out of hide? W-Q-A-M?
Hello. Yes sir. It's funny that you mentioned this but the
Asperr can stuff. Yeah. I was drinking a diet quite last night.
I tell you I was wondering what the hell smells so bad.
Are you drinking it out of the can? No it's out of a bottle.
I was drinking out of a can and this smell was all over my hand.
It was definitely that's what it was. It smelled like death.
Well I think there's something going on here. Maybe they can bury a side by side
or be very emotional thing. And you know what else? I just opened up the magic
marker maybe my maybe my olifactory senses are like I love this smell.
Oh I hate it. Oh man it's not only a magic marker the sharpie.
Oh god I'm gonna I'm gonna die from a Roma here today.
I'm gonna paint a Hitler mustache so I can smell it all day.
Really? Why is Bob Bar here? Well that's right you don't have to paint one on him.
1057 are starting to drill again downstairs. Everything that possibly could be
like psychotic is going on this place today and of course it's appropriate it fits.
I want to tell you about a place that's not nearly so psychotic.
That's just like a great business that where they run it like a real
business not like here and that's Brandy Shoes. At Brandy Shoes you'll find sales
people are very friendly and knowledgeable who will fit your feet exactly
with what you want and of course they got the top shoe brands in the
universe of Brandy's and unbeatable prices. That's why number one they've been
around so long and number two people keep going back over and over again.
They've got all the shoes you love. They've got rock ports S.A.S.
Spirys, Timberland naturalizer and lots more and of course no matter how
big or smarter feet are because they have such a humongous election almost
guaranteed whatever you're looking for is in stock in your size. Brandy's
open daily nine to line. Sunday's 10 to five you'll find them at 1290
North Federal Highway in Poppano Beach and don't forget all this week at Brandy's
take you 20% off and all famous men's and women's boating shoes only at Brandy's
this week in prestigious Poppano Beach.
My life and love this is sports radio five city
I have the ability to do I take you out here right now and take your god damn teeth then
I was doing this monkey with his ass so red and in just three days he was melted and dead
it was a bowl
another train monkey
Yeah Mokta's came here to get a sniff of that and he's just about gagged
and the expert team too. Here's the facts from Bill it says not to scare you but don't worry
about the expert team reaching 86 degrees by being stored in the radio station as soon as
your drinkator reaches 98.6 degrees
and whatever happened 98 degrees yeah he got married to that bitch.
You're a good friend Jessica so she's out of commissarculation now and so is he
small potatoes like Frankie Pintangely. She ain't no Brittany.
5670560 pound 560 on a 18 teen Verizon wireless line on a tremendous Thursday let's get
today the week right for starters okay my head is spinning from the ass
protein. No seriously I've had that before where you've opened up a bottle of this and it's got
that smell and that's because it's being stored at high temperature and obviously that ain't good
for you. Obviously. Unless of course you just want to sit around and drink wood alcohol
and you're like a you know an alky we got a bottle of that. Yeah you just drink it
down in the bottle might hell like take it second hand. What the hell am I going to drink now?
I've drink gallons of that stuff all day long. WDQ I am. Yeah my point is similar to the factor that
just it just facts in. Yeah I think that the formaldehyde guy may have been confused and
Celsius was Fahrenheit because if it's if it's 98.8 with Fahrenheit. Yeah yeah if it's 86 degrees
Fahrenheit then then every package of sweet and low sitting out in an outdoor cafe and that would kill
one kill you. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not I too. Right. Well let me ask you something Celsius now what would 80
60 degrees be Celsius? 100 is boiling so it would be 33 I think is body temperature so you know
you know I don't know if you could figure it out from that. That's good that's very good.
Do you think the other question I had was do you hear anything about the the girl from Fox News who
called up the other day? Got to hear anything about her? Yeah I mean it was very far away.
No there's there's no follow up I mean nobody watches Fox News so there was nothing to follow up.
If anybody watched it there might have been but nobody watches that crap. There are no only
people with hoods on okay have a great day just like Don I have a said only they ought to be
wearing sheets over there that was a great line coming from him from an old crusty right wing
curmudgeon like him. 5 6 7 blot said it's gonna be a rough go I think we may have to play I may have to play this.
I'm
one
one and a nine speech boys QAM you know the lowest temperatures recorded from the good old USA this
morning was 13 degrees below zero at a whole name.
That's cold good night. The high yesterday was 92 recorded at McClellan Texas.
Kevin Q now 74 in South Florida another cloud in the in the sky as far as I can see
on the beautiful day sunshine the high expected 78 degrees 923 in the morning.
James Albert Dunlap. QAM remember when the Beatles came to Miami.
It may not be
that's where it turned 18 19 64 and
Was.
I think it's exciting to see you sign here.
I can't play anymore of that because it's too distorted.
Jim Dunlap, he's dead by the way.
Did you know that?
Yeah.
Jason Tiger, Jim Dunlap,
he used to be very delinquent.
And he used to work at WQN.
I'm actually set right in this chair.
Oh, not.
That sounds good anyway to say that.
Yeah, can you believe this station
used to be like a real powerhouse,
like a real radio station?
I remember.
Wow, those are pretty exciting days.
In fact, those are big shoes to have to fill, you know what?
Have to try to be like a real radio station.
Are we a real?
No, we're just a warehouse.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10.
I mean, if we're running spots for national airlines,
what does that tell you about this place?
And the best part of this is we'll bill them for it.
Of course, we won't get paid.
But you can be sure we'll bill them for it.
So the water Nazis on the case about that ass
sold ruling down there against.
And you notice how it stopped?
Don't mess with our station.
He's just down there giving them what for?
See, he's really good for that.
For like bitching people out.
That's she's good for two things basically.
And they're well, three things, conserving water.
Number two, bitching people out.
And number three, like spy work, I've been down the hallway.
Who was the one that did that cartoon
in a mad magazine, spy versus spy?
Don Martin was that who, where are you?
No, wait.
Don Martin was the other guy with the other floppy.
Who did spy versus spy?
I think it was some spick.
I don't know.
Oh, some spicked it there?
I don't know.
A spicked mad magazine?
Oh, I think you're right.
Nobody to QAM.
Good have a happy, belated birthday there.
Thank you so much.
Hey, mind Saturday.
So give me a dented infant if you could.
Your birthday is coming up this Saturday?
Yes, sir.
Well, in that case.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
I have a couple of things.
My wife drinks to have that.
I do this for the first time.
Right.
Thanks for your meal.
And here's the spicks.
Her thyroid really, really messed with the honor
and have anything to do with it.
Huh.
And the other thing is, did you say that Mo did the locker room show last
the game?
That's what it said in that fact.
I didn't say that.
Oh, I was going to say because if you kick Manage out of the locker room,
holy cow.
No, no.
The mad dog is still in locker room.
I said, I think I said Mo was hanging around in the locker room after the game.
Oh, I believe that.
Hey, one last question.
Yesterday, Chris.
Yesterday you played in Barrett being American
or something like that.
Yeah.
All that was too great.
Where can I get that?
Is that on Bokobrine thing?
It'll be in the next one.
Yeah, it's on the one that went out.
It's on the next scam we got coming out in the next week.
No, is that really on Mo's body?
I'll tell you what.
We're going to give you the address.
Just send Brian $100 and maybe he'll send it to you, but I doubt it.
Thanks, Dale.
Have a great day.
Bye-bye.
Yeah, that's a good scam.
We just sent us a bunch of money.
We're not going to give you anything back.
We just sent us a bunch of money.
And see if we send you something.
I think we got the best scam.
Go just send us some money.
Maybe we'll send you a lucky charm.
Four leaf clover.
Sure.
Psychic reading.
Mike's hard to eliminate keychain.
Right.
Or maybe nothing.
Give it a shot.
But he got to lose beside whatever you're going to send us.
I think that's a magnificent idea.
All you right wingers out there are always talking a big game.
Just send us a bunch of money.
You guys are loaded.
How's the market doing?
Let's take a peek.
Because I did predict today would be the negative.
Oh, no.
Down, down 131.
And the Nasdaq on 32.78.
Huh.
What a shocker.
I mean, it's as predictable as the weather and goddamn Alaska and in South Florida.
You just know what's going to happen.
These people, oh, look at this.
The markets coming back.
Things are going to be great.
I'm not blaming any of the public.
And the Democratic Party sucks.
And you know, his get-hard is out.
And this one is out in Poland.
Florida.
He's out.
And because they know that there are a bunch of idiots.
All they had to do was just say anything rational.
You know what I'm saying?
All they had to do was conduct themselves like they had some clues, some alternative, just
like a Minnesota.
All they had to do was pretend that they were really grieving and not just salivating
the prospect of, you know, maintaining that Senate seat, which they lost.
But thank God for what was the name, Tim Johnson?
Was that the guy's name?
Or Don Johnson in South Dakota?
South Dakota.
One by like 500 votes.
And they were getting me nervous about that.
But I thought to myself, well, you know, with a few number of people I haven't South
Dakota, 500 votes ain't that small of a margin when you consider 500 votes elected
the last president.
They did?
Supposedly.
That was the margin in Florida, right?
530 some bogus votes.
Not to mention the 20,000 they didn't count.
Hey, listen, don't look.
Like I said, don't play many Republicans, okay?
They're good goose stepping folks out there.
They're very happy today.
And, you know, you just act like a real sport.
You say, good job, well done.
Congratulations to you.
We're leaving, but you know, have a good time.
We're leaving and not coming back, but have a great time.
Well, I feel a lot better now that I know what's the expert aim.
Are you still drinking it?
Look, if it was going to like kill me or make me wild, I would have been drinking it since
7 o'clock this morning in this chair right from this bottle.
Well, of course, the bottle was new.
Was it a preservative?
I don't.
Yeah, it must be if it's well.
Well, so maybe that's why you have that youthful look.
Hey, I got news for you, mister.
What?
You thought I was being sarcastic?
Oh, I thought you were being sarcastic.
In fact, even my mother, who's the most sarcastic, nasty, hateful person next to yours,
she said the other day she was saying, nobody would ever believe you were 60.
And that's true.
I don't look 60.
No, you don't.
If I told you I was like 53, you'd say, okay, yeah, wouldn't buy it now.
I'm 53.
Anybody believe it?
No.
Oh, too late.
Well, some people, what difference does it make?
I mean, like, man, maybe Moist 53, maybe you see a maybe it's reverse.
Maybe he just had a rough life.
Maybe that's why he looks 66.
He's 60 something.
Take it to the bank.
He is 60 something.
I don't know what goes after the 60.
I'm thinking it might be that I'm not sure.
10 past 11 at 5.60 WQM.
I'll tell you one thing I am sure of and that is dial amaclis is sensational.
I love him because when your mattress gets nasty and lumpy and not comfortable to sleep
on anymore and it maybe even smells bad.
Oh, maybe that's formaldehyde in there.
Here's the answer for you.
Pick up your instrument.
See there I go.
I can't stop doing it.
Don't pick it up.
Just look at your phone and call 1-800-Matrus.
1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
We'll get you in touch with the betting experts at dial amacrus and they'll hook you up with
the best all-around daily neighborhood of in your life.
First of all, you select a brand name.
They got the best in the world.
Soda, seely, simons, king, corral and then you pick the two-hour window for delivery
when it's convenient for you any day, seven days a week.
Like let's say Saturday between 1 and 3 would be good for me because I'll be home.
Well, there you go.
That's when they'll be there.
Knock it on the door, take it away.
The crappy old smelly betting and setting up the brand new one.
I hope the old betting isn't too smelly because they will talk about you.
And then give you that 38 home comfort guarantee to try your new mattress up to 30 days to make
sure it's the right one for you and your back.
So if you want to start getting a great night's sleep, night after night after night and
spite of those awful rodents that are crawling around with that disease, call us toll-free
number 1-800-MACRIS.
1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S or check them out on the web if you prefer at mattress.com.
5-8-Local-This is 5-6-E.
The radio's on your phone.
Q-A-M.
You fudge back him?
Hello, I'm Sen.
And I'm Larry and we're the freezer fairies for a Santa Larry's ice cream.
What's new on the freezer front, Larry?
I've come up with a great idea.
Ice cream parlor fresh packed Santa Larry's ice cream.
Right now I'm hand packing some fudge brownie, vanilla fudge swirl, and double dutch fudge.
So what you're saying is, you're fudge packing.
Stop it!
There's nothing like fudge brownie that's hand packed.
And there's nothing better than having your fudge packed by a professional fudge backer.
You can say that again.
Well, I'm not going to.
But do you have any fudge nuts sticks back there?
I just like to hold one for a while.
Stop it!
So get yourself some Sen. Larry's hand packed fudge.
You'll love that.
I know. I love a good fudge packing.
You are so bad.
Hey, I'm going to be a very good friend out front.
Real screamer.
1115 at 560.
Speak of that.
It says, thank God.
Look how big the print is on this fax.
Thank God that extremely painful National Airlines bubble eventually go away.
And it urges him in his voice.
Grab your pole tight.
Now move your hips back and forth side to side.
It says, I love Tommy's musician.
Belasting to his voices like listening to fingernails on a chalkboard.
Across between Richard Simmons, the guy who does the gay Ken bit.
And that spend thing, we just spending Larry, we just played I guess.
Okay, there he goes to the National Airlines spot.
You won't be hearing that.
Did anybody come in across that outer?
Is it not on anymore?
It's crossed out.
It was going to be on this hours matter of fact.
Going to be.
But not be.
But won't be.
What is shame?
Like I said, they did a great job.
It's a hell of a shame.
Of course, they didn't fly to that in any places.
But you would think.
And you know what else really hurt him bad was 9-11.
Had a really beat.
Had a really beat.
But not just hurt him all, but especially when Vegas is your main destination.
Look what a hit Vegas took.
Because people were terrified to fly.
And of course, unless you run a West Coast, Vegas is so guided in far from every place else.
Which is why it was so great instead of all those stops and Dallas and here in many other places.
Like Southwest.
I hear it's a great airline, but you have to like make 85 stops from here to Tampa.
And by the way, I want to make an announcement right now.
Drum roll.
Ooooo.
I'm not drinking after I'm finished with this bottle.
Well, because it cost about 99 cents.
I'm not drinking any more diet so whatever again.
I'm with you.
What are we going to drink?
No, I'm not serious.
Because this is like desiwool all over again.
This isn't the first time I've had this experience.
Where I get that formaldehyde smell.
And we were freaked out about saccharine, remember?
Like sometimes you open a pecanid diet so it ain't you're like,
like, oh man, you'll think what the hell is that?
Although it is good.
It stays on funeral expenses though because you do get in bomb from the inside.
It's kind of like our former program director at the other station.
But at any rate, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 6 speaking of our former program director.
In a sharp rebuff of the drug reform movement.
Nevada voters refused to date to make their first state the first to legalize possession of marijuana.
I wonder if we ever get the story on this or not.
And before measures also failed in Ohio and Arizona.
This back-ass backwater country of yours.
Federal and state law enforcement officials teamed up to oppose the Nevada measure.
Which would have legalized possession of up to three ounces of pot.
And they said, no, no way Jose, baby.
That wacky wicked weed.
We want to put your ass in jail.
That's what it's all about.
De-reci-s-y different marijuana.
De-reci-s-y different marijuana.
And more as we know, voters approved the sweeping ban on smoking in restaurants and virtually all other workplaces.
It's going to save lives at Martin Larsen Chairman of the Smoke Free For Health Campaign.
And going to chase away tourists also, by the way.
Smokers also were targeted in Arizona where voters approved an increase in cigarette taxes.
From 58 cents to $1.18 a pack.
Isn't that kind of like what Bill McBride wanted to do here?
Right.
So maybe it wasn't such a bad idea if he wasn't such a mugwump.
Pretty weak campaign there, Bill.
Pretty weak.
Ah, I'm dead.
Yeah.
How did we ever get sucked into supporting him in the primary?
Because he wasn't jabbed.
He wasn't jabbed.
Because he wasn't jabbed.
He wasn't jabbed.
Well, she would have taken a real whooping.
And liked it.
Oh, whipping.
And liked it.
In Tennessee and North Dakota vote as a procreation of a state lottery.
That's a milestone for Tennessee, which had been only one of three states along with Utah and Hawaii without legalized gambling.
See who?
Why he does need gambling?
The results in Nevada, Arizona, and Ohio were a blow for a national
alliance of drug reformers.
For the first time we were up against the full way to the federal government said Bruce Merkin.
I wonder if he was smirking when he said it.
Spokesman for the marijuana policy project.
I never for moment believe this was going to be easy.
In recent elections, voters in several states had approved the use of marijuana we need for
our medical purposes and treatment instead of jail proposals were approved in Arizona 96,
California two years ago.
But in Ohio, Governor Robert Taft, the most of the criminal justice establishment campaign,
vigorously against the proposal.
It would be a mess said, peaches Johnson of Las Vegas, it's permission to get high.
Oh, no.
Oh, well, I can say to that is peaches.
I wonder she's keen to peaches Paxon.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon, wireless line.
What time is that goddamn lunch getting here already anyway?
No, seriously, and why aren't people just foaming at the mouth about this damn thing with Asper team?
Forget about all the sudden.
I am.
See, that's a good marijuana illegal.
It will not kill you.
Asper team is legal and believe me, there are plenty of us who are starting to really wonder.
And I thought it was the caffeine that was ripping my guts out.
No, it's the ass.
It's the ass.
Per team.
See, it's okay to eat ass, but yeah, ass per team, that's a different story.
Okay.
That's where you really went wrong down the wrong road, so to speak.
Where you took a turn for the worst.
No more asper team, no more diet sodas.
In fact, when I get back here one of these days, I'm going to order cases in cases of good bottled water,
fizzy and non-fizzy and whatever.
And hell with all this other crap.
All this other stuff is crap.
And let me give you an example.
A classic example.
You know, all those damn sorbitol and multital artificial sweeteners tear your guts out.
tear your guts out.
That's the goddamn truth.
And especially if you have like a, I'll give you a perfect example.
Monday night, so I go over to the track to meet Derek over there for like, you know,
a little plunge, cymo-casting.
And I stopped at Eckerds and you want to know what I had to pick up that I was out of a thousand
because I had to bring it in here the next day, diet soda.
So while I was there, I hated that I ever went in Eckerds because I hate them.
I bought a thing of Walgreens of breathments.
Sugar free, of course.
Right.
And I ate them.
You know, you just sit there and you peel the roll and you wind up eating them.
Yeah.
Yeah, me young.
There's not much to them.
And I'm going to tell you something.
Before Derek ever even got there.
Even Beethoven never saw so many movements in his life.
Just tore my guts out.
I was eliminating things from my body that eight,
30 years ago.
Just talk about a cleaning out and a painful one.
Just see what I'm saying.
Artificial sweeteners again.
Terrier guts out.
When in doubt, throw them out.
Go to your refrigerator right now.
Take your diet sodas and throw them in a trash.
Throw them in the dumpster.
Pour them on the rats in the backyard.
Do something with them.
Give them to my little dog.
Anything.
I'm sorry.
You know what I'm going to do?
I'm going to take this and pour it out right now.
Right on the floor.
Wouldn't that be a good idea?
Well, huh?
No, because then I won't have anything to do.
Well, I got that sole.
In fact, I'm going to, I'm going to smit cannon.
Right out.
Here goes my last bottle diet soda.
Got it.
Yeah.
Well, I got that sole and they're all the way.
It's un, uh, it's flat.
You know, without the bubbles.
No, there's a, there's a zombie in there.
That's what that is.
One, guys, see.
It is?
See, I don't think so.
I'm, I think you're full of gas.
I accept the thing that brings the last cold word.
The only thing is if you drink enough diet soda,
it makes you sound like guilty.
You see what I'm saying?
And of course, if I pass out, you won't know if it's the healing
with the diet soda.
Oh, thanks for the balloons again, uh, flow.
Oh, you're right.
That makes you lightheaded.
It does.
Boy, it's not reacting with anything because it's
an inert gas.
But it means you're not.
I got an inert gas for you.
Okay.
No, that's not inert.
That's very inert.
So no more diet soda.
See, out of every bad experience, you can make something good.
You know, it's like working here.
WQIM.
Hello there.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
The, uh, deal about Aspergaine is actually a hoax.
I mean, I don't know how it's reacting with you,
but the stories and how deadly it is.
Yeah.
There is a website, snopes.com.
SNO-P-E-S.
Every rumor, every question you ever had about.
No, but the thing about the, what alcohol,
though, is not a, not a farce.
I'm not readin it on the net.
I mean, that's in nutrition books ever at that.
No, I understand.
Except for the, they're, they have just proved a lot of this stuff
where the stories of, that people are telling you.
If you just check out,
snopes, not necessarily on Aspergaine,
but it's interesting.
Oh, yeah.
I know what you're saying.
I've read that stuff.
Yeah, it's, uh, all kinds of tales that, uh,
but have you, have you ever, do you drink diet soda?
Yes, I do.
And if you ever open up a bottle of cannabis and smell that, like,
kind of like, uh, strange from albohydice.
Yeah, that's actually more with cans.
I think it says, uh, aluminum off of him cans is what I think it is.
Well, I thought there was no aluminum in my bottle.
I'll tell you that.
At least now when I open it.
All right.
Thanks for letting us know.
Thanks for the good news.
Bottoms up.
Well, hey, listen, we just give it away.
If it is there, uh, uh, where the hell is, I can't find my hole.
Oh.
I can't find my hole.
Oh, I'm going to pass out from this.
This is not good.
I should, I'd love to do the whole show like that one day.
See, if only, if only you could do that without,
and then we could also like guilty.
No, seriously, then he wouldn't be so conspicuous
by his squeaky voice because we'd also unlike that.
It would be like if everybody looked like Tom Brady.
There wouldn't be any good-looking people or any bad-looking people.
Then we'd all just be generic.
I see that's often a rationale when you're really ugly.
Like some of us.
Is that if everybody looked great,
then nobody would look great to us because...
Tell Ronald.
Ronald, I'm saying?
In other words, if every steak was a juicy, beautiful,
ribeye, every steak in the world,
you see what I'm saying?
Right.
Then there would never be a great steak,
because every steak would be the same.
There would be bad steaks,
like if you found a piece of grisla.
But if some steak says like crap,
then there has to be,
everything is relative to everything else.
Is what I'm trying to say.
It's just like this show today.
This show is not great because I've been sitting here sniffing, uh, uh,
glue.
Yes, sniffing glue.
As a matter of fact, I should have followed the lead.
You know what I'm saying?
I should have followed my good post-personal friends' lead.
No, I picked the bad date of quits sniffing glue.
No, I think he picked the right demo.
393 votes.
Which of these are you most scared?
Another show has not been one of my favorites today,
because I'm incoherent from the goddamn formaldehyde.
Sounds fine for what it's been.
But everybody wonders,
what are you talking about?
I'm not a hypochondriac,
alright?
In fact, thanks to my friend Dr. Hamft.
Uh, I'm serious.
I would like to build a monument to that lady.
She's done wonders for me.
With my sinus thing, you notice I'm not like coughing and,
right?
You remember that period of time?
For a month?
For a month?
Gagging and choking and puking and coughing and, you know,
was just bad enough ordinarily,
but when you sit and try to speak for four hours,
doing a guide, they make believe radio show and,
eh, like that.
Like over an Amsterdam.
And let me tell you a little one, one other thing.
When they were doing some work on my satellite dish,
I don't want to say putting in another one,
but when they were over at Amsterdam this past summer,
and they did some drilling and, of course, they had a,
they remember I had another receiver put in down in my studio
so I could pick up MSNBC or Fox or whatever was,
uh, Fash's news network.
Well, they drilled and, of course, that old house with,
I mean, those houses over there are hundreds of years old.
And so all the dust and the mung wind in there,
like, you know, and then the next day,
I'm saying, it's probably their bestest.
Yeah, and not, no, not even that.
Forget about long before they were invented asbestos.
It's a mineral.
It's been around forever.
Before they discovered it.
No, seriously, it's just, it's, uh, Schmutz is what it is.
I asked my landlord, I said,
what is all that crap floating in here?
He said, Schmutz, my anti-Semitic landlord.
27 after 11, yeah, he, uh, I don't know what I'm going to,
I'll tell you off the earth.
27 after 11 at 5.60 WQAM.
He just, like, a lot of the Dutch people, okay?
They're like, uh, they pretend they're not Germans,
but nevertheless, they're close by.
Let's face it, you've been hearing about Fast Rain for a long time.
I wonder if it makes sense for you.
The facts are simple.
If you've got the dedication, Fast Rain can help you get the necessary
training to become a certified computer professional.
As they say in Holland, a real bench.
According to Time Magazine, the demand for computer professionals is going to
continue to grow, which is good news for you.
The average student completes the training in just four short months,
attending school three nights a week.
Once you complete your certification, Fast Rain can help you in getting a brand new
computer job.
Fast Rain advice you to come in and visit their train career counselor
and determine which track is ideal for you.
Maybe it's Poppano Park.
Maybe it's Gulfstream.
Maybe it's Hollywood Dog Track.
Call Fast Rain toll free at 1-866-Fast Rain to set up an appointment.
And don't forget, no matter where you live, it's convenient for you because they have four
easy locations.
They're in Kendall, Miami, Pembroke Pines, and Fort Lauderdale.
So like I said, there's bound to be one close to where you live.
Don't forget when you're there to ask the career counselor for list of students,
just like you who are currently in their dream jobs,
thanks to getting great training at Fast Rain.
Call them to get all the info.
There's no obligation.
Call 1-866-Fast Rain.
That's 1-866-Fast Rain.
Or check them out of that wicked worldwide web.
Be sure to come Todd Dreck tour to get in touch by the way.
They'll laugh their ass off.
That website by the way is fast-trained.com.
Call 1-866-Fast Rain.
We're sports radio 560-UAM.
Blow too much.
You're in trouble.
Well, when I was back in college, man,
Will I found myself a boy?
And it was the first time that I ever paid to score.
Well, she took one look and went with under five drawers,
and she laughed at the thing in her face.
But then she said that's lame, and I ran him shame.
There goes my last big day.
Didn't grow even with fourth play.
Thinking maybe I should go gay.
Hey, hey, hey.
Gay.
I'm all like a five-year-old boy.
And I'm jealous of another man's toy.
There goes my last big day.
1133.
Look at this.
Somebody sends us his resume.
Somebody Charlie from Homestead.
I thought this was a joke.
My boss is an asshole.
I'm looking for a real job.
I can do anything here in my references in my resume.
How do you like that?
He's looking for a real job.
Yeah, that's why I tore this up.
That's why I'm tearing it up, Charlie.
I know he's going to hate me for doing that.
No, he's doing you a favor.
But I'm doing you the biggest favor I possibly could.
You don't want anything to do with this place.
Believe you me.
I wouldn't hire anybody to come work in this joint.
This is the most inseparable.
417 votes.
Which of these are you the most scared of?
The Republican take over 230.
230 people are crapping their pantalooies
and hanging onto their passports
and squeezing it real tight.
Mohawar David and his hairpiece 133.
Smallpox 33.
Bubonic plague 11 and anthrax 10.
Should've also put on their asperity.
They're not all that concerned about this.
You want to know why?
Because we all drink it by the gallon.
Right.
It reminds me of you and the French fry thing.
You know, no confuses for the fangs.
Well, look at this.
Here's more of Charlie's resume.
Huh?
What do you, look, I'm doing a guy of favor.
Oh, no, I know.
I'm just amazed.
I don't even want to look at it.
Charlie, forget about it.
Please.
I'm begging you, just immediately
if not sooner dispense these grotesque ideas
from your nimble mind.
WQAM.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Buenos dias.
And a belated happy birthday.
Thanks.
Two things.
OK.
There is a website doorway with 180.
D-O-R-W-A-Y dot com.
They'll give you the entire story
of how Asperityam got on the market.
Got stuck on.
Yeah.
So the FDA panel that didn't want to get it on the market,
then head of the FDA, approved it,
and then the next day quit, and went to work for the company
that makes it.
How do you like that?
I'm dying over here.
Secondly, the.
They're killing us.
There's a soda on the market called Diet Right RIT.
That's what I'm drinking.
Diet Right?
That's what I drink.
I had that side just chew out.
Doesn't have Asperityam.
What does it have in it?
What does it have in it?
What does it have in it?
Oh, that's even worse, I think.
No, it isn't.
Well, that's what I'm drinking.
I've been drinking that for years.
Yes, Diet Right.
R-I-T-E.
R-I-T-E.
Right.
It's made by Dr. Pepper.
Dr. Pecker, yeah.
But that doesn't have Asperityam in it.
Well, whatever it's got in it, man,
it's felt like what I've called a maze.
It's just like from Aldehyde.
Yeah, it doesn't have it.
No.
Let me see it again.
I have a big bottle.
You know, the big plastic.
That's what I just threw out.
That's what I've been drinking here all morning
in a big, big, big, too-liter bottle.
Well, it says no Asperityam in it.
I don't care what it says.
I'm just telling you, my friend,
it's smelled like from Aldehyde.
Never did for me.
Well, it has for me many times.
I stored it in my eye.
In your underwear?
No.
Next to my oven.
Oh, and your oven?
Next to my oven.
I see.
Which I never use anyway.
Mm-hmm.
Well, Aldehyde says I'm not doing one.
You go to that website.
If you go to that website doorway with one old,
there's a woman up in Georgia that runs it.
Her name is Betty Martini.
She's been trying to get the stuff on my phone.
Mr. Martini?
I don't know.
OK, thanks a lot.
Thanks, have a great day.
I'm pouring this out.
I don't care what he says.
He sounds like a nice guy.
He means well, but I poured it out
because I found that you're right.
I got the lightly sparkling, the frisante, solely.
Got enough of that to last me through the rest of the day
here.
Oh, do you hear the bubbles?
Can you hear that?
It sounds almost like alky seltzer.
Excellent.
Drink some good bottled water.
OK, and quit putting that poison in your voice.
It's tearing your guts out.
It's killing us over here.
And what I got, I mean, I've had some before
that had a trace of that, but never the heavy duty,
the smell, the stench of frisante.
I thought for a second there that Moa left his bag in here
with something like that.
In fact, you know, maybe that was what it was.
Could have been.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
WDQA, I'm hello.
Hey, Neil, good morning.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I did a search for that on the web.
And I found that website that basically
tells you everything you need to know about it.
If you care to look it up, what is it?
Holisticmed.com.
Yeah, slash aspartane.
OK.
And if you read some of the links there,
you will after the show is over,
you will go see your lawyer and get your affairs in order
because they've got this stuff linked to every known
malady there is.
I mean, every.
Oh, but they even got to ask for team victims, support group.
If you can believe that.
OK, I'll check it out.
What, what were you drinking again that's got it in?
But diet white, it's got Splendid.
This guy says, OK, but do you think it's aspartane?
No, I believe it.
In fact, I look at the bottle again.
I threw in the trash.
I'll get it out.
But regardless of what it's got in it,
it's it's smelled.
It had that distinct smell of wood alcohol.
You know what it's called.
But there's also a link on that.
I hate like paint thinner.
There's also a link on that on that page
that that tells you all the products,
all the companies that use aspartane.
Yeah.
So I mean, I'm trying to tell you
and I'm obviously not doing a very good job
is with or without aspartane.
There is something in these diet sodas
in some of them that turns to wood alcohol or whatever.
Well, when I was poking around on that site also
from Alahide, the word from Alahide popped up
and didn't have a chance to look at it.
There you go.
But if you go to that site, holistic methods,
you know, you know how to spell it.
OK, thanks.
I'll check it out.
Thank you.
Any in pepperpices, sweet and low
has no aspartane and it needed as diet white soda.
Monsanto, the creator of aspartane,
advertised lobby against Sackarin, sweet and low,
saying that if you fed it in very large quantities
to rats, they got cancer.
During the Gulf War, diet soda with aspartane
was air-dropped into the desert.
It got our boys so sick they blame them
some possible poison gas.
They had a gas all right.
And that was from the ass, gas from the ass,
per tame.
And if there's anything that's deadly,
I want to tell you right now.
That's what the guy in the second floor told me
in that day said, if there's anything deadly,
it's gas from your ass, per tame.
Remember when I dropped that little bomb on the elevator?
And I said, I'm going to fog.
I remember that like it was yesterday.
Never saw that guy again, by the way.
Never saw him no more.
So either he's walking up and down the stairway
or he just didn't make it, didn't survive.
The blast from the past, five six seven,
oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
Mad Dog will be along at one.
These people don't believe me.
You want to know why?
Because they're just like you with a French fries.
They don't care.
Oh no, I know it.
And then I believe it.
You just don't care about it.
It's like me with an ice cream.
You know, I mean, I know I'm diabetic.
My blood sugar this morning was 99.
What's wrong with that?
Nothing.
And I ate a whole bunch of candy yesterday too.
You'll be happy to know though.
I'm really going to wave back on the French fries
because they're really crap and mostly.
And yesterday you were eating those breaded chicken drumettes.
Chicken drumettes, breaded and baked.
They're incredible.
Deep fried from our buddy Wayne Arnold.
You know that Hudson sticks his toes in the batter?
Did you know that?
Is that the secret ingredient?
That's the secret juicy sauce, a sauce from Wayne's toes.
20 till noon at 5.
5.60 WQAM.
Hey, here's something that you can put in your mouth.
We know it's good for you.
There aren't too many good things.
And it's called Oliomed.
Oliomed, Mediterranean formulas.
They're advanced combinations about standing amazing
pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins, minerals,
herbals and other nutrients.
Each one scientifically designed to provide a natural nutrition
solution to help support specific health needs.
No as per Taman Oliomed, by the way, that's a good news.
Look for Oliomed's three brand new formulas.
They have one to help you sleep.
One to help control your weight and cook you 10 for your heart.
All using the benefits of the finest and purest olive oil
that money can buy.
If you want to pick up some Oliomed today, you'll find it all over town
and publics and records and Walgreens.
If you want to get more information first call their tool free number
to find out what it does and how it does it for you.
Call 1-866 Oliomed.
That's 1-866-653-6633.
You can also order their products online.
Their website is OliomedAmerica.com.
And please don't forget to visit your nearest publics and vinyl Oliomed product
and data-broward.
You can get yourself a coupon for a free Larry Coker Bobblehead
doll-wass supplies last.
What would life be without one of those?
Don't forget to visit their sampling for it in its sports
that every Sunday with the offense of playing home games
and pick up some free Oliomed samples and product information as well.
Start poppins.
I mean, your post-reels soon for good health Oliomed.
I'm on the low.
This is sports 20-0-5-6.
You way, yeah.
Motherf*****a, put one on my slacks tonight.
So they smell like a sister's clots in the morning.
The security officers observe and misrider remove
a cinzer-matic catch, which are the security catch.
And then she was observed to leave the store without paying for the item.
You guys stealing is wrong.
Can she pull off a set of china play?
All of the charges will be dismissed.
When shopping's over, she's longing to escape
and bending over from the way.
So grab more clothes there.
Stop among your cape.
I know that came wrong.
Has caught you one day.
Kill you take for no-no rider.
To that place the stores of your age.
I'm sure you do.
Kill you take for no-no rider.
To that place for your quest your name.
Okay, they're off to play to the second sign.
Get around here and I still don't care.
I thought maybe I'd care a little bit after I played this thing.
So we got the diet-right thing out of the waist basket.
It says in a back carbonated water, caramel color,
sucralose, o sucralose.
Anything that ends in OSE,
maltata oil.
Yeah!
Oh no!
sucralose.
It makes me pretty loose.
So that sucralose splend the brand,
a non-nutrative sweetener, gum, a casher, natural flavor,
citric acid, and all kinds of crap in here.
Throw it out.
There you go.
Right on the old schmitter.
Thanks for the way to our good friend, bread over at Tony's pizza.
190 second Northwest.
What is it?
193rd Northwest Second Avenue.
Right.
Great stuff, man.
I'm only eating the toppings, by the way.
Let's see.
Somebody also fact me what's in it?
About zero calorie.
Well, I'm great and I've been drinking it by the gallon for years
because it doesn't have caffeine.
And supposedly it's better for it than all the other crap.
And now I'm finding out that it smells like crap.
It smells like goddamn formaldehyde in there.
We could have been bomb this whole building.
We could have been bomb moose hair piece in there.
56070560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon line.
Everybody QAM.
QAM, hello.
Gone.
Oh, I should have known after going to that hockey game last night.
I mean, the crowd was, you know, not sensational,
but it was adequate considering what they've been doing.
But there's just something about this town, man.
There's just death.
You can smell it.
Everybody QAM.
John Bob.
56070560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon line.
Everybody QAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, this Bob Weaver.
How are you?
Hey, Bob, how are you doing?
Okay, listen, the reason I called, I was listening and I wanted to wish you a happy birthday yesterday.
A few days ago, but I couldn't get through.
Yeah.
You were loaded with phone calls, but I didn't want to let the year go by without wishing you a happy birthday.
Well, thank you, Bob.
You're a, we're not getting any younger, are we?
Uh-huh.
Well, anyway, I like you to go on with your business, but I hope you had a great birthday and you're still the best.
Thanks a lot, Bob.
I'll talk to you soon.
And say hi to our mutual buddy, Bob Mayor.
Okay, I will.
Tom, the quitson on so many phone books.
I will.
Okay, take care.
I'll see him later.
Okay, take care yourself.
You too.
Okay.
Yeah, I sure did a job on my buddy, Bob Weaver over there, that channel did make, but he continues to roll him along.
560, 705, 60, pound, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Good piece of it, baby.
And I'm, I'm, I'm washing it down with soleil.
For his aunt, day, con guys, con guys.
I'm telling you, that stuff is poison.
I'm sure.
I mean, if you had to choose between eating like, you know, Nestle's turtle ice cream or drinking a bunch of diet soda, I'd rather die from the ice cream, at least it tastes great.
What if he made yourself a nice float?
No, not even a float.
Hot parts Sunday, yeah.
Not a float.
Like a root beer float?
I love root beer floats.
Yeah, now that it's, now I think of it.
70 QIM.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, hi. I'm sorry about your, happy birthday.
Thank you.
I have a question for you.
I heard about a diet called a cookie diet.
And I cannot find any information on that.
Have you heard of that?
A cookie diet?
Yes.
It's not regular cookies.
It's supposed to be some special diet cookie.
And I've heard a few people mention this to me recently.
A cardboard cookie.
Yeah, yeah.
That's a card board cookie.
You cut him up with a cookie cutter.
560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
The cookie diet.
WQIM.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How are you today?
Okay.
Listen, I'm a Miami Riftrat for American Airlines,
and I got a Vegas update.
Yeah.
We are starting a nonstop Vegas, because National Mid-Down.
Down the truth.
You're going to be going nonstop?
Nonstop.
At least one flight possibly to from Miami.
All right.
All right.
Now is this so with or without the hang grenades?
Depends on who you fly.
Yeah, I bet.
Yeah.
Hey, listen, I was in North Broward yesterday.
I saw a disgusting billboard.
DFO is coming back on the air.
How do you like that?
DFO gets a billboard.
He hasn't got 50 listeners.
He's already back on here.
Is he dead?
Yeah, it had to be an extra wide one to get that fat face on there.
Jesus.
Yeah.
This probably won't be a good one.
What station is that?
850?
I never heard of it.
Neither of anybody else.
I have a great deal of time.
Staying in there, pal.
I'll see you in row one, 8.
See you.
See you.
See you in row one, 8.
567-0560, pound 560 on EAT.
Yeah, this is such a lethargic place.
There's no energy.
Here, I realize that up until today, the last 24 hours
has been very pleasant, cool off, and it'll be hot as hell
again this weekend.
That's what they're telling us.
I should have asked Bob, we were about that, but he's already told us.
Lethargic.
People's attitudes have been fried.
That's a good excuse, don't you think?
Sure.
I'm not saying that people are a bunch of deadheads here.
WQAM.
Book up, book up.
Yeah, okay.
Thanks, Mike.
Maybe he's on 852.
WQAM.
Balls in larger clothing.
For any residential or commercial real estate transaction of 1 million-
WQAM.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
First of all, loyal listeners since 86.
I don't know if anyone brought it up, but Aspergame was developed by GDC.
Uh-huh.
And it's the time that it was gone.
I know that GDC stands for too.
Oh, God damn it.
But the person who was CEO of GDC, at the time that it was developed,
was none other than Don Rumsfeld.
Yeah, as a matter of fact, I think I talked about that a few months ago.
Yeah, and he knew, and his whole board knew of the dangers of it,
but because they had already produced it and spent millions of dollars on it,
they said the heck with it, they fired the guy who was the head of the team
that found the problem with Aspergame and said send it out anyway.
What does that tell you?
Yeah, I'm us.
Stick with the water.
That's right.
Okay.
Take care.
Thanks.
Yeah, I forgot about that.
Remember I had an article that I talked about that.
About that damn Rumsfeld.
Heinrich Himmler, Jr., he does remind me now of Heinrich Himmler.
And those first days after 9-11, boy, he was the one guy who sure had some of us buffalowed, you know?
Because he, you know, he puts on that act that schmoozy act with a press
and he jokes him around, but coming to find out, you know, Hitler had a good sense of humor too,
they tell me.
He was fun at a party.
Well, certainly, Gerbels knew how to crack a joke.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
So, there goes with that racial stuff here with all those crack stories.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Hello?
80-H.
Pretty good.
Well, I was just listening here from Hylia.
All right.
Second of the third time called.
Actually, I'm calling you an up to select particular, and then I got back to you to thank you
because they just opened up a stick and stick here at Hylia.
And I went about maybe, I think, those two days ago, I've always heard you talk about it.
So, I figured it is amazing.
I had the turkey mill with it with a shake, and those shakes are good.
So, I got to thank you for giving me that.
You had the turkey mill?
Yeah, it was like a turkey sandwich.
I'm going to have to try that because they're burgers suck, but I'll try the turkey mill.
The shakes though are worth going there.
Oh, the shakes are amazing.
I'm not a big drinker, but it was pretty darn good.
And now that's a turkey mill, you got to try that.
Okay.
I just want to call you to thank you on that.
Thank you.
You're like, all the things you've turned me on, a vagus and Amsterdam, and all the hours and hours of entertainment, you guys put on.
You'll never call to think that.
Okay, thanks for the suck, John.
Can I have a ticket for a regurgling?
Okay, see it Westland, okay?
Glory hole number two on the left.
566705, see, don't be looking like you want information.
That's a little code there, okay?
We don't discuss with all you.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line.
What is good, huh?
Yeah, I know.
I'd rather eat this than do a show.
What?
That's an easy one.
Yeah.
No, seriously, I mean, it's good stuff.
Thanks a lot again, Brad.
Good guy over there, Brad.
Did we have that picture of his little girl?
Cute little girl, I wonder who the father was.
I know that one wasn't mine.
Oh, WQIM.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, man.
Hello.
Hello.
Are they to you?
Thanks.
And anyways, I came up with an idea of them driving here down Bird Road with this minivan in front of me.
I mean, this is a lot of day to minivan that has the Jesus fish and the Jeb Sticker.
Oh.
And to add in Tulsa injury, the anti-abortion license plate.
But anything that's played, I said that's terrible.
Yes, it's horrible.
And it's Bird Road.
But anyways, all we're missing is for you to come out with your own Neil fish.
With Neil written in it.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, we're coming out with a lot of products.
Mumper Sticker is you name it.
In fact, Miguel just walked in.
He's working on it right now.
No.
No.
Oh.
This is a cheap ass station.
Do you understand?
Even Defoe's got a billboard.
We got squad.
Oh.
Well, that's bad.
It is bad.
But we still take the money right to the bank.
Yeah, well, yeah.
That's a good part.
Okay.
Well, enjoy all your traveling.
I really envy you.
And I do.
Thanks a lot.
See ya.
I have some food, Miguel.
And by the way, you don't feel bad.
It was my soda.
It was what's stunk.
But you did smell the cup, right?
He smelled my cup.
I personally rather smell Tom Brady's cup.
I don't want to smell anybody's cup.
That's gross.
That's nasty.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Right in the middle of my lunch no less.
Maybe his cup run it over.
Well, in that case.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon.
Squirt, Squirt, wireless line.
Four minutes to no.
And we got the big 12 to 1 hour coming yet.
Another hour this crap.
And then we got you.
Man did you want to clock the man dog?
He is like I said before.
One in a billion after they made him their two way to mold.
We had a very brief conversation during a break yesterday.
He comes in about a quarter to want to shmooze a little bit.
But during that minute or so, he's profound.
He's right to the point.
He's a philosopher.
He is.
I like it.
And he knows something I take part of the credit for because he's adopted my philosophy.
Me and Hank and the mad dog.
Neil, the Humper and the Mad Dog.
We have the same philosophy man.
Just give us the money and that's all we want.
We don't have to have that money.
All the other stuff around his place we don't care.
I mean we may put on a good act for you.
Just give us the money we take it right to the back.
Life is great.
Hey, speaking of that, you know, traveling can be very stressful.
And I know about traveling, believe me.
Especially when you get to the airport.
You have to start looking for a place to park.
And when you find what it's usually a long-sleeve to wherever you have to go whatever terminal it is terminal.
The whole experience.
But national limos can change all of that.
And these people are really great by the way.
They'll arrive at your location on time at a great news sedan, limousine van, whatever you need to take you wherever you have to go.
It's hassle free.
National limos, I'm going to take care of your transportation here.
But anywhere in the world.
So when you arrive at your destination, national limos will be there waiting for you.
Call national limos at 1-877-376-3200.
And if you don't like to fly in commercial airlines, national limos aviation department can arrange the safest private aircraft for your travel worldwide.
For your sports fans out there, there's no better way to get to and from the game than one of national limos super-stretch limousines or luxury coaches,
while everybody else is in their car fighting traffic and going nuts.
If you're looking for a way to get to the airport, the game are just a night around town,
called the people of national limos there dependably to a great job.
Call 1-877-376-3200.
Tell Matt Neal to return to DeCol and get yourself 10% off on your first airport service or a free hour of chartered limousine service.
That's 1-877-376-3200 for national limo.
Fly in and look all around your sports radio 560-CUA-UAM.
But David, when I take my felding, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Not George, because he's stupid.
Goats.
So far real?
They exist.
They're all around us.
Some believe.
I've communicated with goats.
How can they be explained?
People who believe in goats are only projecting their own desires.
Where do goats truly live?
It's all in the mind.
But was that?
What was what?
No.
A motion picture level change your perception of goats.
Forever.
Sixty-bye.
Stranger.
My ship's a full of goats.
Goats ship.
Thanks for the memories, Muff.
It's a 12-0205-60W.
Come have two or three slices on the way up.
We're all very jealous that you lost that weight.
Come on, eat the 4-5.
See, it's all fat people.
They want everybody else to be fat.
Just keep your minds, your mind.
It's all in the mind.
Everybody keep shoveling down their push.
That's all got waddle around here.
By the end of the year, we can all look like the beast.
Speaking of the beast, how that thing ever worked out?
Have it heard nothing?
Troy was in here this morning.
Yeah.
And did he say anything?
About the beast now?
Didn't say a word about it.
So, anyway.
Hmm.
Hey, this is too good to be worried about the guy named Show, okay?
That's another reason I can't be doing the show here.
I have to be out of town.
In the Toronto Amsterdam, did you ever hear me?
You're not in here?
Nope.
No.
For the first time, I wasn't.
One time.
Just that one time, I had a slice of cheese in Toronto.
I went in the go.
I went in the mirror.
Oh, I say, hey, you're lying.
You're lying.
We know how we have that cheese.
The ratters jump up and down and say, cheese, cheese.
And for any two guys to be talking about cheese,
sticks.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot.
He's cut.
56670560.
And a pound 560 on a AT&T.
I'll take your word for it and Verizon line.
WQAM.
What's on race to go via?
Maybe that was a governor calling, which made me a belated happy birthday.
WQAM.
Hello?
Yes.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm calling about the cookie guy and the espartimate.
The cookie guy.
First.
Uh-huh.
There used to be a diet.
You ate five cookies a day.
They're like cookie wafers.
And they swelled up real big in your stomach.
You had to drink a pool of billion gallons of water.
So you had to get it from a doctor.
Uh-huh.
Okay, I don't know how it worked.
That sounds like a really brilliant dive.
The cookie died.
No, it's not really healthy.
I don't think.
Anyway, the espartimate is.
I too have been right when you were talking about throwing your drink into garbage.
Is there something new going on?
Or did you remember?
Did you read anything other than that?
Terrible smell.
Is there some more stuff about it?
No, there is no more stuff about it.
It's just that I have read some nasty things about aspartame and about these other artificial
sweeteners.
And even though diet right doesn't have aspartame, uh-uh.
When you open up a bottle of can of some kind of soda or any beverage and it smells like, uh,
formaldehyde, it's probably not the most brilliant thing to do what I did.
Sitting here and drinking half the bottle and throw it away.
Yeah, I hear that.
Everything I have is that.
I'm going to throw mine out too.
Throw it.
When it's out, throw it out.
Get you some good bottled water.
Get some Evian, some Perrier, some, um, sand pelagrino, anything.
And with that.
When in doubt toss it out.
Low chewing.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Bye-bye.
Right?
Isaac Smilovitz.
Does that sound like a real name?
Sure, why not?
He says, thanks for having me on the ear for a few minutes discussing the concerns of aspartame.
Here's the document I promised you discussing the problem with aspartame.
I don't see any document.
Our new product called Sweetness is currently being tested by Diabetic's Research Institute.
It promises to be a superior sugar replacement with no harmful chemical or about the Isaac Smilovitz sweetness CEO.
Is that Smilovitz?
I guess it's for real, huh?
Got a funny name there, Isaac.
Who'd make that up?
And Smilovitz said it ain't so normal either, that name.
But I don't see any of you.
There's nothing to test with.
There's no information.
So maybe Isaac, maybe he drank too much of that and just fell on the flow.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 4, 159 votes on the pool.
It's time to get it on.
Which of these are you most scared of?
The Republican takeover 252.
55% are scared.
And with good reason I should end.
Moa Howard David is a hairpiece, 145.
Smallpox 37, Bubonic plague 13, and last but not least, with only 12 votes,
holding up the SN.
And for actually got 12 votes.
That's what they're scared of.
I'm just going to keep eating.
I don't really give a crap, you know.
Why would you stop?
You're not full yet, are you?
No.
Just started.
Just because I'm going to be doing a show with my mouth full of good pizza.
I'm not eating the crust.
That's the only bad stuff for it.
I got sausage on here.
Meatball.
You shove in your sausages, your meatballs.
Little wine.
Onion.
Some sugar.
But he didn't say nothing about onion.
Clementsa.
You don't put onion in your spaghetti sauce.
I'll probably be honest with you.
That sounds really good.
Maybe Martha Stewart would make it like that.
Are you going to give the cooking tips?
Oh yeah, let's do time, Jack.
It's cooking.
I forgot to look that up.
The cooking shows.
WQ I.M.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I am.
National airline.
Have you heard?
Let me tell you, President Lincoln's got a bad headache too, okay?
Old news, sir.
Old news.
Get out of here.
Old news.
Don't you love these people?
And I'm paying attention to anything that's going on the show.
How long have we talked about national airlines closed down?
903.
Good God, sir.
Get away.
Throw you.
Maybe he was listening while I had my multiple-whole with food.
I couldn't understand why I was in this waking up.
That's good, man.
He's not a bad guy.
He meant, well, he's just full of crap.
He's like most other people down here.
He's way behind the time.
He's like the newspapers that print the articles like two, three days later.
You know, the more you end up out.
And the tabloids that come out.
And the tabloids that you pick up in your drugstore or supermarket
like a week after they come out everywhere else, even though they're printed down here.
That really pisses me off.
That's the reason that pretty soon I'm going to have to get out of here.
So I can go to Toronto or Amsterdam and get the tabloids on time.
So we can go back to the tabloids Tuesday.
I love that stuff.
It's a good stuff.
But that's what happens when you're in South Florida.
We're way into behind, man.
Way behind.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
I'm a new caller.
Okay.
Power, David.
I call him you the day.
And he said it mandates was no longer going to be in the station.
Is that true?
No.
Well, I hope not.
The guy is awful.
What's that?
Power, David.
Mr. Mo.
Mr. Mo.
Yeah.
Well, it sounds like a little like Reverend Jones again.
No, it's not Reverend Jones.
Okay.
But that's not true.
Is it Neil?
No, it is not.
Well, thank you very much.
Okay.
Have a great day.
What the hell was that?
That wasn't Reverend Jones.
He wasn't funny enough to be Reverend Jones.
But what was that all about?
I think he's confused.
Confused about what?
He wouldn't have said that.
How would he have said that?
Well, maybe he took it out of context.
Maybe he said that.
Right.
Damn, mad dog or something like that.
Or maybe he's going to be out of the station out like I don't even know or something.
Yeah.
Or maybe he was just talking about tiny when he made reference to the...
The mad dog or the angry puppy?
The angry puppy.
Who knows?
These people, they all got some little of a something story, you know?
Everybody's got a story.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
If you get your next mattress from dial amatris, you'll have a great story.
So all your friends and your neighbors even strangers on the street, you'll stop and say,
Hey, guess what?
Next time you need a new mattress, do what I did.
Just like I tell you, called dial amatris.
Because it's one of the most pleasant shopping experiences you'll ever have in your life.
You don't leave your house.
All you do is make that easy call in 1-800 mattress.
You talk to people who really know their bedding crap inside and out.
They've seen them all.
They've smelled them all.
And no matter what kind of mattress you like, the best names they got,
Sirta, Ceeley, Simmons, King Coral, they got them all.
And whichever mattress you want, you want a twin, you want a king, you want a queen,
they got them, and exactly the name brand you like.
And it's ready for immediate delivery too.
No bait and swish, no rip offs, exceptionally low, unbeatable everyday low prices,
when you call dial amatris.
And as far as delivery is concerned, it's almost beyond belief.
That's what I would say.
Because they let you have delivery when it's convenient for your ass,
any day of the week, seven days between noon and two or one and three or any two
our window that's convenient for you.
And please don't forget the 30-day in-home comfort guarantee,
which lets you try out test out the new mattress the right way by sleeping
and doing your thing on it for up to a month.
So call them right now.
You'll be sleeping with the biggest smile on your pussy you've had in a long time.
1-800 mattress, 1-800 MATTRES, or check out their award-winning website,
whatever that means, at mattress.com.
My, and look all, this is 440-560.
There's a butt- I smell it.
Fooders, you love them for their cold beer, fun food and fagures.
Big grassroots t-shirts are obviously due to such a small.
But now, fooders is America's newest airline.
Fooders.
Thank you for flying fooders, airlines.
In a few minutes, we'll be passing you the cabin with chicken singers and eggs.
Still free to notice that our uniform tops are obviously two sizes too small.
Fooders.
Good afternoon, this is your pilot speaking job.
We restart cruising altitude of 30,000 feet.
We do expect a small amount of turbulence ahead, so we'll, uh,
keep you abreast of the situation.
And then come!
Fooders, airlines.
Yeah, flying is still scary to sell, but now you get the legit needs.
And I hear that the replacing nationals would I heard that could be just nasty rumor.
So American Airlines, in case you missed it, non-stop stewed-a-doo, uh, Vegas from Miami.
Because, uh, they're like ax murders, you know, they're waiting in a wings and national one under another,
gonna like step in.
Step back in.
Remember Godfather 3?
Step back in.
I try to forget that.
Why is that?
That movie.
I see that's bad.
Very bad.
I know all about it.
I know all the important points and everything like that, but still.
There was nothing wrong with that movie except some bad acting and some unneppages and other than that.
And some really terrible lines, like dealing from themselves.
Maybe they should fear you.
Right.
We had a lot of the important points.
So much rep bringing back lines from one and two.
That was really stupid.
What were they thinking about?
Was stupid.
Is what that was.
Yes.
Michael, now they will fear you.
Maybe they should fear you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We had to put up with that schnauz on a big screen.
On Maria.
Sophia.
Sophia.
Sophia.
Mary whatever her name was.
Eli Wallack.
Did Nellirk what happened to four Anthony?
Did him an opera singer?
Oh, that was a good performance too.
No.
No.
Although I did like the twins.
Yeah, they were right.
They were the best twins.
Oh, not so funny and bodyguards, but they were pretty good.
Look at this.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
He's doing his little docky routine with a lips, okay?
Aw.
Yeah.
He was good and they were, it was okay.
Had its moments, all right?
Had its moments, including the ending.
Yeah.
That was my favorite killing the Tomaslo Kaisi with a glasses.
That was pretty interesting.
Oh, no, I was talking about when the credits rolled.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Who I would want to see the credits on that movie.
I don't care what you say.
I liked it.
I liked it for the whole thing about the Pope.
Oh, I liked that.
Any movie book, a tabloid, rag, toilet paper that's got material in it that exposes the
the shakinery, the fraud.
Right.
How about that flying bishop?
Yeah.
Yeah.
He looked a little like a flying nun when you came right down to it.
Who was the flying nun?
Sally Field.
Sally Field, very good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Jesus Christ.
WQAM.
Hey Neil, how you guys doing?
Pretty good.
Hey, I just wanted to touch base with you.
A little boring of a topic, but I do want to thank you for something.
I know you guys pimp dial a mattress a lot.
Yeah.
I just bought it.
And yesterday I actually called them about noon and they said it would be at my house between
6 and 9 pm.
They gave me that 3 hour window.
They were there at 5 to 6.
I tell you, I got a killer mattress, great service and a great sleep.
Oh, right.
A great night's sleep and I want to thank you for continually to plug them because I tell you
a life saver man.
Thank you.
I appreciate it.
You're welcome.
Okay.
And don't forget that this guy is coming.
See ya.
Say bye.
Hi guys, it's on solicited testimony of our good friends at dial a mattress.
And Miguel said he has never ever had so much sex in his life since he got that new mattress.
That since his boyfriend moved in too with her or whatever her name is.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T.
I feel so.
And you know something?
See, I just did make a point because the audience a lot of times thinks it's stick.
Some people out there are a little bit movement like that and they know the difference between
reality and stick.
Like some people are working on a station.
Jesus Christ.
He don't get it either.
Oh Jesus.
But the fact is, no, this is important even though you're smircling in the snorling in
there.
All of that aroma that was here.
It's gone.
How about that?
I poured out what I have left in a cup.
I threw away the bottle.
I got my sole bottle to Frizante a slightly fizzier water.
And that's it.
That was the problem.
And I would tell you this more.
I see I very rarely get it from a bottle like that from a plastic bottle, two liters.
But from cans, I've had that before.
Like from diacolacta guy said I always thought it was the metal, the olden aluminum.
No.
It's the wood alcohol fermenting in there.
It's fomenting.
And then you put it in your body and slide it.
Like a witch's caulret in your stomach.
Like Tabitha and those two bizarre things, whatever they are.
Breast.
No, I'm not talking about breast.
I'm talking about the two dolls.
The new midget that they have to replace Timmy, the old guy with a funny hat.
And what's your name?
What is your name?
Connie.
Come on, you better get whether you're still not watching that show, huh?
No, it's a soap.
Even though Kay and Miguel were showering Nick at the other day.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless line.
WQAM.
Adalized.
And in your knee?
Yeah, okay, great.
Sir, friends at Bell South probably.
WQAM.
I'm not chronic.
I just love it.
Yeah, you are.
You're not chronic, all right?
You're worse than chronic.
Talking geckos.
What's chasing it?
It was that on.
I don't know.
I'm flipping.
But I like that.
I like the little chihuahua.
This is just what we need.
Talking gecko.
That's it.
The little dinner gecko.
I should have eaten that gecko.
Been or chihuahua.
Is there any other kind?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Even if you don't have a life, make one up.
Pretend you got one.
Pretend you got like some enthusiasm for something in life.
Besides just being miserable and nasty and surly and not speaking to your neighbor and everybody else.
And getting on the elevator and farting and stuff like that.
Get with it.
So you think that guy's still alive down there or not?
On the second floor?
Oh yeah.
I doubt it.
It was a killer.
Literally a killer.
W-Q-I-M.
W-Q-I-M.
W-Q-I-M.
W-Q-I-M.
W-Q-I-M.
I like to go to Israel.
Just play my life and die.
W-Q-I-M.
Hello?
Yes sir.
Speak to me.
Now that all the Republicans have everything they want, maybe they'll stop complaining and they'll just stop complaining.
You know, handle everything like they've been wanting to do but it's been blaming Clinton for.
I'm not too worried about it.
Yeah.
If that's the film.
Eh.
Always seems to be right about this time, you know, about 10 past noon.
Lunch break.
And the bottom falls out.
Well lunch break, you think that people who couldn't call us, that the people with a life who are like living and breathing and working with stuff to do.
Around the rest of the show, you think new and to want to be a great time on lunch break.
People get on their cell phone or whatever and maybe have something to say about this fantastic high rated show.
Or about most hair piece or about anything.
No, they're busy getting it.
But no, it's the same, you know, and then we get a new bunch of idiots.
But that's what you people want anyway.
So I don't care.
I'm just like the mad dog in Hank.
Just give us the money.
We don't give a flying crap, okay?
We don't.
Just take the money right to the bank.
W-Q-I-M.
A belated happy birthday, Neil.
Thank you.
Two days we settled all family business, but a worth is gone.
Dick Capen is gone.
Mark Fisher is gone.
Yeah.
Ted Arison's gone.
Mm-hmm.
Where are we going to get the money for these schools?
You're asking me?
The LTs at the track.
Maybe the bushes will hand you over to mine.
They got a lot of cash.
Compact talk with the seminals.
The money's this weight, and they're begging to take the money.
Yeah.
And I think you're going to see slots at the track.
Oh no, you know who this is?
Oh no!
You know who that was?
Yeah, Stan.
Oh!
Give me back my die weight out of the thing there.
I'm going to drink it right out of the bottle.
I'm going to choke it.
Stan worthless, heiny.
Oh my god.
See what I mean about this town?
And let me tell you, Tom Jekker.
I'd like to smack you in the head with the ball peeing hammer.
Not real hard, just like lately, you know?
Just like a couple of times, likely, as a threat for further punishment down the line.
If you don't cut the crap.
Man.
Same.
Well, this place is so stale and so tired.
It's like last year's Chrisco.
Man.
That's what Muff told me.
Or was it Carlisle?
I could have confused.
567-0560, 05-560 on the AT&T.
Well, you can imagine what could be in last year's Chrisco by now.
I heard he doesn't use Chrisco.
Who Muff?
W-D-Q-I-M.
George, please talk to him.
See how fast I am on this thing?
Now that we got this thing, my fingers are so fast, it's amazing.
And the phone too.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Yeah, how you doing, Neil?
Okay.
I want to thank you for turning me on a small bill.
Yes.
And ever since I've been watching, it's been driving me nuts who, uh,
Lex Luthor looks like.
Yeah.
Looks like a young, a bald-headed young Chevy Chase.
He's looking around his mouth.
A little bit.
Now that you mentioned it, a little bit.
I can see it right now, yeah.
And all that I was going to ask George if he's been turned on to, uh,
birds of prey?
Well, I've watched that a couple of times a week.
That was very weak.
Yeah.
He's not too crazy about it.
He says, birds of prey rhymes with gay.
So he's not too crazy about it.
All right, you have a good day.
Thanks, you too.
See you soon as I said that he ran away.
I think Lex and Clark are going to get something going pretty soon.
That's probably what separated them in the end.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T of Verizon wireless line.
We're having a swell day here today at QM.
Let me tell you.
Now that we got the stench out of here,
man, from that damn diet right,
that thing smelled like the end of the world.
I think this gentleman here came to take you away, George.
There is, yeah.
Our Air Force buddy, remember he was going to bring us in some chotch feet?
Oh, how are you?
Great.
What are you doing?
You're having a good, anything worth any money?
Bags of stuff.
Bags full of crap, outstanding.
Look at that.
Wow.
Calendars, tons of stuff.
Calendars, bags full of crap.
What do you want me to get in this year then?
Thanks.
We have to go through it.
Thank you, sir.
You're a great American.
W-Q-I-M.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I've went on CS in your rug.
And when is Nias?
Can I just go to the last minute?
When is part of this?
Complain up by your morning program or your hazard not?
I only have a 35 minutes left, so you can have about 30 minutes of it.
With the gentleman who was hired in the morning,
I guess everybody thought it was going to be an improvement.
And I think I've got to go.
But don't say, don't lump us all in there and say everybody thought.
Some of us, of course, have an open mind.
We assume that maybe because this guy talked a big game,
it was going to be a great show.
Go ahead.
I think on the radio for the games, he is better.
But on the radio on a morning basis, you can't criticize the doctors.
You can't say anything negative.
Not even a super-miami.
And then he hung up on the 60s and 70s with racism.
You just keep repeating all day long.
Yeah.
I can't be the only person in the field.
Is that the 1860s or the 1870s?
Well, and when they leave, what's his name?
Goldie by himself.
It's just brutal.
Yeah.
I mean, pinch his nose, do something.
But your show is great, but I just don't understand how they keep him around like that.
How long is this contract for?
Till he's 90, I think, another three years.
Oh, my God.
All right.
Have a lovely day and be related.
Happy birthday.
Thanks a lot.
Good luck to you, sir.
By the way, there's this other great show on.
I'll see how I don't play that game.
I do promote the eight o'clock hour in the FTO with Norm Kent.
Only because we feel sorry for him.
He has no one.
I was going to do my phone there.
Are you on there with Norm?
What is it?
Are you promoting the show from the Norm Kent show?
No, I don't call up.
I don't participate in other stations.
These people are paying me way too much money.
They're paying a lot of people too much money to be concerning with the enemy.
Yeah.
I can't get into this guy damn thing.
Never ever that problem.
Yeah.
Not often.
Oh, no.
This thing got us slowed.
I'm telling you, it's going to be bad.
It's going to explode.
You got to open the scissors up and then snip it.
Snip it.
Oh, there you go.
Good idea.
Good take it.
I don't get gelledy, so I thought I would do my own part.
Okay?
I love it.
If you could just do that, I would do the whole show that way one day.
The best way is to actually do a lot first and then take a big suck.
I mean, drag.
Take a big suck.
Yeah, that always worked.
Oh, boy, now I'm going to pass that way on the floor.
God damn it.
Holy crap.
Now it's getting the almost as high as gildy.
You think I'm going to qualify for the morning show now?
Yeah, maybe I could be on the morning show we could bond a little bit, you know.
That would help things out.
Maybe if I spoke at a higher pitch like that, he'd like me better.
26 pass note at 560 WQM.
I'm telling you, between a goddamn expert team and that crap and the helium,
I think it's a goddamn plot myself.
I'll tell you a place where you can go and get some great food.
And that's the pizza loft.
Two locations for you now.
The original Broward location is on university drive right beyond Pierwain imports.
I'm not going to say Kitty Corn or the armored hill of any work because I don't think they're advertising with us anymore.
You know what I'm saying?
Are they?
Not for a long time.
I don't know what the status is of their whosa count that is.
So like I said, it's right beyond Pierwain imports with tons and tons of free parking.
And Jeff Cohen into pizza loft has become like legendary.
Not to be too, just because he got those painted fingernails.
Or not just because he got that ridiculous ponytail.
But because he pumps out the greatest damn food, delicious food, gigantic portions, teeny tiny prices.
What's not to like at the pizza loft?
Three different kinds of great pizza, great garlic rolls dripping in all your favorite stuff.
And of course all your pasta favorites too, along with chicken and veal and seafood,
super subs, kale zones and lots more.
For takeout for delivery for catering which they do a stupendous job of.
In a day be called 954 916 888 954 916 888 and don't forget to brand new pizza loft by me in plantation.
Right in the corner of Navajo and sunrise right behind that drugstore there, whatever it's called.
And the number there where they got the same grade food, the same low prices, the same outstanding friendly service,
the telephone number there is 954.
What is in the all find it here somewhere for a 382 in 1999.
Do it again, right?
382 1999 for the great new pizza loft in prestigious plantation, Navajo and sunrise.
My life and local, this is 420560, you way to AM.
With the sewer of this place.
Jackass take the money and run.
Ripe it without choosing a gun.
Jackass stupid ludicrous pun.
Jackass take the money and run.
Swib it around while sharks would snap an epic rocket.
Eat in a beast, no coal, all everyone watching.
They were forbidden public, they were snorkeling with sobbing.
First place is flitter to make you sick in the lobby.
Jackass, 25690, a factors to rent it already.
Tuesday's stunning victory is for Republicans in the House and Senate, our good news for pro-family issues it says.
The new Senate Majority Leader Trent Pom Pom, a lot of Mississippi says Republicans now control the White House in both houses of Congress.
The logs haven't built, it's going to be broken.
Lot says no only will important legislation dealing with Homeland Security and Economy be moved along quickly, but also a key issue importance to Christians, a ban on partial birth abortion.
We will move the partial birth abortion bill through the Senate Lot says.
The House did it this year, but once again outgoing Majority Leader Tom Daxle wouldn't call it up in the Senate.
I will call it up, we will pass it and the President will sign it.
I make in that commitment you can write it down he said.
He made the comment yesterday morning interview with American Family Radio.
Yeah, professional goyam.
As the political smoke clears from the election pro-family advocate Gary Bauer, no relation to pop of our, says the GOP series of victories could have been more decisive.
Bauer notes that pro-family voters were key in several public and victories including the Saxby-Chambles win in the Georgia Senate race and that very ugly race.
But he says he's not sure the Bush administration did enough to reach out to that segment of the voting public.
I do sense a little bit of burnout around the country in some frustration with some of the issues that haven't been dealt with Bauer said.
And I think that the Republican Party could still have a problem on these very important issues, right?
In other words, they're still not far enough to the right to satisfy this fascist little Gnom twerp.
Whatever hell he is. You know what he is?
No, no.
26 till noon at 560 WQAM, 504 votes on the poll, which of these are you most scared of?
The Republican takeover 273.
And I think we just gave you one example of why.
Mohauer, David's hairpiece, 158.
Smallpox 42, Anthrac 17, and Bubonic played 14.
WQAM.
Yeah, Neil.
I wanted to talk about that last caller who called in a second ago about this Howard or David or whoever they heck he is.
I used to be a doll fan and I used to really enjoy listening to the games.
But since he's taken over doing the games, I can't listen to him anymore.
If I hear him say left to right on your radio one more time, I am going to throw something through my computer.
I'm up here in Tampa listening to you.
I'm getting pounded.
That isn't the one.
It's the left to right on your radio.
He says that about 25 times a game.
And I stopped listening to him actually Monday night.
I listened to the other team's feed and it was much better.
Yeah.
So I just wish somebody would cast that along to Howard or David or whatever is it?
I'll be sure and tell how are you said so.
What an asshole.
Okay, thanks.
He's an asshole.
That's the message this guy sent it from Tampa all along, you know, quite frankly.
I mean, I don't want to like pee on your parade, sir, but...
For example.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Neil, I have spoken to you in a very long time, but let me just say this.
As a small little fan to another, I am so happy you love the show.
Because I am a huge, huge fan.
What's not to like?
Absolutely.
Although I will say this though, the one in this last Tuesday was a little on a week's side, I thought.
I thought it was pretty.
It was, but you know, it was actually was a little bit better than the one before, you know, with the girl that...
The sucking the life out of your body girl, yeah.
That was terrible, but there's actually a pretty good site on the internet, kryptonsight.com.
The thing I like about that is it shows the ratings.
I have a slot time.
And actually the one where he was a bad boy Clark, he...
It actually came in third, beating all the NBC programs and UPM programs.
Well, they do that for real.
Excellent.
Absolutely.
So that goes to show you we want more bad boy Clark.
Absolutely, but you know, I'm looking forward to actually to this next one.
And I'm hoping that...
Yeah, but have you noticed that the previews really, the very misleading, for example, this last week, the preview, the previous week, you kind of indicated like,
everybody was going to find out about the spaceship and everybody was going to about the DNA test.
And then they like, you know, about 30 seconds he took care of that.
Well, I mean, you can say that about a lot of other programs.
I got to tell you, I also caught a little bit glimpsed with that 24 show and that's a terrible show.
So, you know, actually a small bit of a list of show to watch on Tuesday night.
And let me ask you, on that last program where Lex, where Lionel opened up his watch, was it...
Did the kid have red hair or blonde hair?
Gee, boy, you're a lot more observant than I am. I didn't notice.
Yeah, because I, you know, I hear people talking about, well, there was a blonde lock of hair, but the kid's hair was red, which was...
Well, the lock of hair was blonde. You're right about that.
Right. Well, which, when I saw the picture, the kid's head was red, which...
But don't forget that lock might have just been from one of Lex's hair pieces, you know.
Well, I mean, I was all over...
He's got that silver, that blonde surfer silver, whatever that thing is.
Well, I was also thinking that, you know, possibly that Lex might be the illegitimate son, and Lucas might be the...
Well, we got to wait for that.
Yeah, absolutely. I just got to wait for Marlon Brando to make a comeback, too.
And let me tell you, I'm so happy that the quarterback isn't on there anymore.
God, he's talking about an annoying character.
Let me ask you, Neil, about this... I don't know if you've been talking about the tax, but just past the half-sent tax.
You know, I voted against it, and I am so surprised that it won in such a huge margin as to how it won.
And I'm so surprised that there wasn't more people, you know, like these groups that are fair, that are against taxes and all that, that didn't go out and they didn't...
So now we have a half-sent sales tax, and it'll be 7% for the rest of our lives, no more than that.
Well, the only good part about all of that is I live in Barred County.
Exactly. Which leads me to think that now when I go visit my parents, I'll pick up my groceries and gas up my car when I go up there.
You know, but to me, it's just amazing that this thing passed.
And with such a huge margin, and I'm also surprised that there are no ballots on there that say, hey, do you want to reduce the tax or put term limits on taxes?
Yeah, well, it's a done deal. There's no point in, you know, it's spilled off.
I just wanted to invent and get a little pissed off.
Just grin in Barred. Okay, I'll see you at the daily plan. It's here.
566-505-60 on the AT&T. We're either really in the daily plan or the candidate with daily messenger, one of the other. That's going to be our poll question tomorrow.
Canis, must macho.
W-D-Q-I-N.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil. You had somebody from National Airlines on the radio station this morning.
No, we didn't.
No, we just had people calling in city and wondering. We didn't have anywhere from the airline.
Is there anybody, anyway, I can get in touch with them because I'm leaving in two weeks.
Well, what do you mean you're leaving in two weeks? You're not leaving on National Airlines in time?
No, obviously not. I wonder if, you know, none of the carriers are really honoring them. They're just putting on standby.
And that's Thanksgiving Day Week.
No, no, I read the information. If you got your ticket by credit card, you can cancel it like Visa Mastercard, whatever.
And if you did it, if you bought it cash from them, you're screwed.
So I'm screwed.
You're screwed. Sorry. Good luck to pal.
In fact, maybe when you go to Vegas, you can win the money back.
I'm going to try.
Okay, good luck.
You know something that you hit taxed out?
I told you, even before we got the food that I was going to verge of a moving experience,
and it's a good thing Carlos came in here before I started like,
with the cleaning, cracking out a batch.
Yeah.
Why?
It's going to be really, well, we only got 20 minutes to go. What do you think?
About what?
If I'm going to make it or not to win a lot of it.
You'll make it? You'll make a lot of it.
Yeah, that's what I'm afraid of. Some of it might be right here in his chair.
Anyway, guess why I saw it off the hockey game last night?
You already know because I already told you Charles Alfury.
What a great guy. Big Panther fan, big hockey fan. He knows this stuff. He knows his hair too.
And Charlie said that dozens and dozens and hundreds and thousands of you guys are going in there.
And that's the smart thing to do.
And getting your hair from Charles Alfury, because after listening to the show all these years,
you ought to know by now that no silly looking piece in the world can compare to the great natural looking
head of here you get from Charles Alfury. That's why he calls it the natural hairline system because it is.
It looks like the hairs going out of your scalp, like it's for real.
And all the other systems, man, every one of them looks like either straw or a dead animal or a bunch of crap on your head.
So the choice is yours. If you want to get rid of that ball spot,
look better and younger than you ever thought you could again.
Get yourself ahead in the world or just get yourself some head.
Call tool for you, 1-800-3-124-13.
Mention the Arranger Show when you call your knock 200 dollars off the regular price of the natural hairline system.
I think after the break what I'm going to do is go down the hall and you'll play along with it when I come back.
All right. Follow what I'm saying. I got it.
No, I mean, I could wait, but why should I strain?
You follow what I'm saying because that back, that back up is not good for your intestinal tract,
no, it'll back right up and out.
1-800-3-124-13. Call Charlie then. Get your hair back or check out of their world famous prestigious.
Oh, there it goes. Website at Charles Alphurie.com.
Five and a local. This is five six years.
Three years old. You're a huge fan of Q&A.
Like that. Don't you bitch.
Good morning, ladies.
All right. We're going to play there.
You're going to start off like this.
Like this.
I'm going to start off like this.
I'm going to start off like this.
I'm going to start off like this.
I'm going to start off like this.
I'm going to start off like this.
I'm going to start off like this.
I'm going to start off like this.
I'm going to start off like this.
That was yours.
Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ.
OK, I was back in plenty of time.
I-
Guess I remember we spoke about George Loupus yesterday.
What is it that does?
Because it's an article in his infos,
I mean this stuff that was just fact about aspartame.
It says in cases of systemic alupus, where fighting has become all this is rampant as multiple
sclerosis especially among diet coaxing, diet pepsi drinkers, also with methanol toxicity,
victims usually drink 3 to 4, 12 ounce cans a day, some even more.
In the cases of systemic alupus, which is triggered by aspartame, the victim usually doesn't
know that the aspartame is the culprit.
The victim continues to use it, aggravating the lupus to such a degree that sometimes
it becomes life threatening when we get people off the aspartame, those with systemic
alupus usually become asymptomatic, unfortunately we can't reverse this disease.
How do you like that?
Now what is lupus?
What are they so known?
Well I got it here on the thing but I can't, I don't have time to, let's see, a genetic
link to lupus, I don't know if I will, somebody will call, do you think?
You think anybody's going to call about lupus?
Anyway aspartame man, let's get off of that damn soda, let's get out of the bottled
water.
Not the tap water, don't be drinking the tap water, y'all be dead by the weekend.
Okay, let me get out of this thing, okay, can I get out of this thing?
Because somebody will call, well there's Tom Brady again, look at that.
How many QIM?
How loud, Neil?
Yes.
I was lucky enough to be the half empty Macarena last night.
I'd say there was about 10,000 which is half empty right?
I think you're getting a little carried away.
Pat, no, you are, it was an exciting game but the penguins didn't really show up after
the first period, they kind of laid down.
Yeah, well, for the last couple minutes and they tried a little.
Quick questions, I feel sorry for you, what are you doing that mid-hersh ad comes on, the
big jumbo tron screen in the first period?
I ascended my best readings when I middle digit extended.
Yeah, the tall he-he bald head of one, that's him.
Okay.
Twerp.
I agree, I'll have a good one.
Okay, thanks.
I don't know, it was kind of a bruc, don't you think?
WQIM.
Hello.
Lupa's hotline, hello.
Nobody there.
WQIM.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Neil, hi, how are you?
Good.
Hey, can I have a question for you?
Have you heard about the heightened security on the 14th of this month?
Yes.
Have you heard about that?
Yeah, because of the Pakistan execution, right?
Okay, well, I had an article I was going to talk to you, but if you already heard, then never mind.
Okay, thank you.
Stay under the bed on the 14th.
Okay, thanks.
That's next Thursday, by the way, that's the week from today.
Are we really doing another break?
Well, see, I screwed myself up.
Actually, you screwed me up, I get all that great food in here from Tony.
It was damn good, too, huh?
Man, it just gets better and better.
We're sports radio 5603 QAM.
Flynn, rate me.
Oh, da da da da.
Da da da da da.
Da da da.
I don't know why they hate me.
Oh, why they always rate me.
It must be because I got you spoohing, right?
It's football, right?
But they's not on my arm like a random alley map of Lakawad.
I got things on my nose and nobody knows that under my clothes I wear fancy clothes.
But that don't mean that I'm gay.
If you take my arms and head, you ought to see my legs.
I might as well keep on smoothing, shaved, show a little clasped the next time I'm raping him.
I could go to a surgeon, but that gives me to shoot a shot.
I would not want the walk I'm looking like Joan Rivers.
Where am I?
I'm tired of this, the fat little freak.
I did him a favor now again, upon me.
The reason I dismissed that sneak and fat bastard is because he wouldn't shut up and he can't play conaster.
Hey, somebody talk over there.
Nobody talk to me when I rap.
I rap, then you talk.
Look at me, I'm hit, hit.
I ain't no square.
I'm a thing done, daddy, man.
I'm really dead.
I'm tired of anyone I want.
I don't care.
First believe they make me flip my wig later, smelly green hair.
I got fired myself and even happens to the grapes.
Westwood once said you'll get out of here whilst we break your legs.
So now I sit by the pool, life's as good as it gets.
With my paladin cartel, placing bets on the jeans.
Paradise.
Paradise, I don't guess nobody's hacin' paradise.
Go go go go.
I'll be seven other screw kids when I get the jeans, but the cleaners aren't ready with my lime green pants.
How long does it take?
I'll be calling a plate.
And with just a little thought, so what I left this thing?
I think that's funny when I'm not the selfish buddy.
I can do what I want, but the management loves me.
Can I tell you something, though?
Something you oughta know.
But along this time, I wanted you to be my dog.
You are my type, pal.
Now answer it.
Now, no.
Who?
Who do you do?
I don't take no for an answer.
But it's clear I'm not you.
You're an adult.
But I'm big.
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Pro 57 at 560 WQM.
George, on the coms there, by the way.
Excellent job.
Don't forget we had the Mandelga in one.
At 3 you got Hank to sap, no, because it's Thursday got Bino between 5 and 6.
Have no fear.
Hank was in here earlier, he said he know Bino blows, but it kills a good hour.
You got the shippko pantser, previous 630, pantsers at the caps, 7 o'clock tonight, Eddie K from G after the game.
And ESPN radio overnight because I guess the dirty boys, I don't know what that is.
I guess they're taking vacation like in bits and pieces or something like that.
Speaking of bits and pieces, I had a wonderful experience in the other room.
Bits and pieces.
No, not bits and pieces.
Well, I don't want to get too graphic, just a marvelous experience.
WQIM.
WQIM.
Mr. Rogers.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
Did anybody call me on the Lucaschev?
No.
Lupus is an inflammatory disease, it's a nasty one, it's where the body basically recognizes itself as the enemy.
And it attacks its connective tissue, it's a very, very painful disease.
Wow.
Yeah, it's awful.
So if I ask, what are the symptoms?
Well, just a pain, lots and lots of pain.
Everywhere, imagine all the connective tissue in the entire body,
the joints, the, you know, just everywhere.
And people who we have are not happy campers and it's just an awful disease.
Well, I guess I'm going back to Bob and Water, like I said.
Yes, thanks.
Yes, you're welcome.
Okay, there you go, there's a answer for it's a nasty disease.
Now, your people out there, if you want to stay alive, do not be drinking all those diet sodas.
Just like Ma would say, let's drink it so much, diet soda!
Yeah, that's what she'd say.
Of course she's drinking it.
Now, actually, she drinks with sugar in it.
Well, what did she got to lose at this age of the game, you know?
She's helped you with all the rest of us, 89.
I mean, I don't know how old she is.
Now, she's older than the hills, okay, but it's like I told her they have a good genes.
It's all in any genes, man.
That's the secret of life.
It's just a look at the draw.
I don't know what kind of a god would create a deal like that.
It's all in your genes.
If you're born like into the right family, you're going to be the king of the king of the day.
If you're born with the other family, you're going to be the queen, you know?
I know about that.
It's all in your genes.
Of course around here we say from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.
It's all in your paycheck, too.
That's all we care about.
Less work, more pay.
That's our motto here on QAM.
547 votes on a pool today.
Which of these are you most scared of?
We asked the Republican takeover 296.54.1%
and by the time they're finished, everything will be illegal, including voting again.
296.
Mohawar David's hairpiece 169.31%.
And you have to be scared because it moves around.
You never know what's going to be next.
Smallpox 45 and Thrac's 21 and the Bubonic plague.
Oh!
16.
Bye, bye, bye!
Send me a Roger Show on 516 on QAM.
My name is For Mariel.
It's daddy, you s**t.
Where's my thirbin?
