WQAM, or 86C, but WMCA,
Roby Young is on air.
That alone is well worth playing it.
Jack Specter, Arlan Specter,
Varshan Specter, WLS 42, WFU-N 39,
which is not all that good.
I don't know.
See, I wasn't here when FU-N was playing rock.
In fact, when I came here,
I think WN was, FU-N was already off the air,
were they not?
Now, maybe they were on.
Because I know that WFU-N went off the air briefly,
and then WNWS went on on that frequency on 790.
Isn't that amazing?
It went dead, it went dark.
And we went on the air with a signal
that you could hear like in about 10 blocks,
WNWS on Flagler Street.
But anyway, that's ancient history.
Old news.
WNBC had 25 vote, KDKA 20,
and Wendy King, or pissed off, they didn't do better than that.
CKLW17, I said,
CKLW, Mocansung.
17 votes?
Should add more than that.
CKLW is dynamic.
But like I told you, why is that?
What's the reason that so many of the people
who came here from the Midwest,
they wandered up on the West Coast of Florida?
Is it because they came down?
Yeah.
I-75 was opposed to I-95.
I don't think so.
I've taken too long to drive over to this side.
I see.
No, seriously, I don't understand it.
The people from New York and the Northeast,
most of them came to the East Coast of Florida,
and the people from the Midwest,
like from Ohio and Michigan,
they went to the West Coast of Florida.
I don't understand that.
But anyway, that CKLW just should have had a lot more than that.
WNSS, New York, wins 10-10 at 16.
We left off Cliff and Dallas, K-L-I-F, and KFWB,
but couldn't have more on there.
WAP, the big ape in Jacksonville at 13.
WMCA at 13.
Home of the good guys in New York.
Wo-Wall and Fort Wayne had 12.
WBZ and Boston 12.
Should have had a lot more than that.
Chum and Toronto had 12.
Let me say it again, Gell-D.
Rochester is not a Buffalo suburb.
Talk about the things you know something about, okay?
Don't be talking about Buffalo suburbs and how it is
and some of the suburbs are really nice.
Now, there are no nice suburbs in Buffalo.
Buffalo blows.
Buffalo sucks, okay?
Orchard Park for Donia DePue, Hamburg.
It all blows.
Buffalo is a toilet.
It's a sewer.
And Rochester ain't no suburb of Buffalo.
That's like saying, oh, you know those Toronto suburbs
like Buffalo?
I mean, what does that mean?
You know, the Miami suburbs like Daytona Beach.
Gell-D get a compass in a road map, sweetheart.
And you know, there's a big hockey story going on.
I'm not gonna hear about it on an ad show.
Steven Weist is great prospect.
This youngster in the organization is gonna be
one of these superstars of the future.
He started the season with a team.
Story was, my keen and was gonna send them down to
juniors for the rest of the season and Rick Dudley,
the general manager over rules him and says,
hey, guess what, Steven, you don't go anywhere.
Forget about my keen and he's an asshole.
And so, Stevie Weiss is still with the team
who lost again by the Wednesday,
Kago last night, four to one, pretty dismal performance.
But anyway, that's quite a big story there.
I didn't hear nothing about it, did you?
No.
On this morning show, I heard a lot of talk
about New York Prime restaurant there
and how they ought to go there and meet Hank.
I heard Gell-D throw that coming.
And like it's a big joke.
I hate to break the news, Gell-D.
Hank don't fight at humorous.
You know what I'm saying?
You don't fight at even slightly amusing
all those shots at New York Prime.
I've never been there, but have we had a lot of calls
about what a great place that is?
Yeah, we had.
Yeah, over the years.
And that we should go.
And we should go.
In fact, maybe we'll go all the way up there.
We can go to Ruth Kriska, that would be free, see.
And New York Prime would probably be free too.
I just, I don't know, I'm just not interested
in going to Boka.
Who don't want to go to Boka?
Not me.
It's a long schlep.
Yeah, it is.
I don't even prefer freeing.
You know what?
I don't even like going all the way to the Coral Springs.
Which is a damn good thing.
My close personal friends, the rumors moved to Davy.
Even though they have all those barnyard animals
chasing them around up there.
But now you can see him so much more often.
Not necessarily.
I don't like going to Coral Springs.
I hate it up there.
I don't want to say I hate it.
It's just a good way to get there.
Now, that's not just that.
No, I can go right up to 75 and be there in five minutes,
but that's not the point.
I just, there's something about Coral Springs
that leaves me cold, you know?
Is it the punks?
Punks are part of it, yeah?
But it's just like everything Coral Springs looks the same.
You know what I mean?
I get lost there because everything looks the same.
It's just one little strip shopping center
after another one, you know?
Big sprawl.
Doesn't have any character like, you know, like plantation.
10 after 9 at 5.60 WDQM.
Happy Friday to you.
We're biting our time until Monday, baby.
I'm going to tell you this building is so tight
it might explode.
You can smell the aroma in the hallway.
I thought, Mom, I should brought an extra bag
to there or something when I walked in the door.
And you could smell it all up and down the hall.
It's the pressure from the summer book
coming on Monday.
We'll have the numbers 11.30 in the morning
between 11.30 and noon.
What are you cold in there?
A little bit.
It's really nice in Tulio or Georgia.
It used to be that was the cold room
and this was the hot room because of the way
that the vents blew heavy duty in there.
Yeah.
Now that it's balanced, I hear there's a lot of blowing going on.
11 after 9 at 5.60 WDQM.
Mattress shopping.
Awaste the time if you do it the old fashioned way.
Don't be old fashioned just like us.
Yeah.
In fact, even if you're an old funny, dirty like me,
you don't have to do everything old fashioned.
Pick up the phone and do it with a new fangirl
way by making one easy phone call
and call the great people at Dilem actress 1-800-MATRUS.
1-800-MATRES.
You'll be instantly, if not sooner, connected
to somebody that knows their crap, a bedding consultant
who knows bedding inside and out,
who will hook you up with the greatest
mattress you've ever put your ass on in your life.
And we're talking to top ones in the world,
the best name brands you've ever heard of,
Serta, Celi Simmons, King Coral,
and they've got exactly the one you want in stock
ready for nearly immediate delivery when it's convenient
for you.
I mean, this deal on delivery is so good,
it's almost too good to be true,
but they do it.
As Miguel, he told us they were there
when they promised to show up and interrupted his activities.
1-800-MATRES.
You picked it to our window in the day,
any day, seven days a week, and they'll be there.
And you also get that 30-day in-home comfort trial
to check it out the real intelligence
in a way by sleeping on it for up to a month
to make sure it's the right mattress for you
in your back.
So pick up that phone right now and they'll be there
to help you get a great night's sleep every night
for years to come, call 1-800-MATRES, MATTRES,
or you can also check them out on the web if you like it,
mattress.com.
I am Lord.
This is Sports Radio Flight Safety.
You way, yeah.
There's a butt-ass smell in the listen to the show.
And one of the morning hosts was carbon up a restaurant
that I think is terrific.
He was talking about how he had gone
to this restaurant in Fort Loretale,
the steakhouse, Jackson's, which is, I've never been there.
I've been to Burton Jax, which is now closed.
But he was saying how great it was.
And that for some reason, he took a shot at New York Prime.
I'm going to tell you something.
That's in Boca.
I'm going to give them a make-good because he said
that the services bad and they try to rush you out of there.
Maybe they just didn't kiss his inflated ass or something,
you know?
I mean, some guys who are well-known,
they like to go on a restaurant where people
fawn over him.
If they don't get that, they get unhappy with the place.
I'm going to tell you something.
I have been to that place probably a half dozen times.
I know a lot of people who go there,
the restaurant's fantastic.
And I will go out on a limb and tell you,
it's the best steak sauce you can get anywhere,
South of Peter Lures, and anybody who would knock that restaurant
has got the problem.
The restaurant is not the problem.
You know, we've never been there before together.
Well, we'll go anytime you want to,
and you can tell me if I'm right or wrong.
OK.
That place is fantastic.
It's where, and you know what?
It's not that far.
If you left from here, it's less than the 45-minute ride.
It's right.
It's right in my corner park.
So he doesn't say anything.
I'm not saying it's better than the other place,
because I haven't been to the other place.
I'm just saying that didn't deserve to get knocked.
Now, maybe he had a bad experience there.
Maybe they didn't want him around that long, you know.
It's maybe he was a pain in the ass, you know,
and they said, let's get this guy out of here,
get him served and get him on a road.
If there's a butt, I smell it.
917 at 560, W.C.
I just changed the pool.
You want to know why?
Why?
I was inspired to change it, because they
showed a clip of El Presidente,
and guess who was standing behind him.
The caption was, administration softens tone
toward the U.N. and the rack and the soul business,
which show they're doing their back and away.
But guess who was standing right behind him?
Condoleezza.
Worse.
Jewelieberman.
Oh.
Now, I want to tell you something.
Seriously, if I have to, if I was forced to participate
in this pool, that's what inspired me to change the pool.
I'm creating it as I sit here.
Other than GW, because he'd obviously win in this crowd,
which politician do you detest the most?
Which one of these people gives you the creeps
makes you your skin crawl?
What's the right-wing asshole from Texas who's
these house majority leader?
What's his name?
Tom Tim.
Tom.
Mick.
I was confusing with the Tim Le Heila.
That's not the one.
What's his name?
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
Tom.
Come on.
Ridge.
Delay.
Tom Delay.
Very good.
Anyone who goes down the list?
Because we got a seven-second delay.
Somebody ought to tell Moha that Delay works, by the way.
Anyway, other than George W.
Which politician do you detest the most?
Jew Lieberman.
Oh, yeah, seriously, he to me, he is so much worse
than George W.
Because at least W.
We know him for what he is, okay?
He's a vacuous, dunderhead, right-wing, deterred, dangerous.
But Jew Lieberman, man, this Orthodox,
and I think he ought to be forced.
If he's going to be an Orthodox Jew,
don't put on a show for the public.
Put on the talus and the payus and the tits and the tefilin.
And come on here when the schmata on your head,
the head gear, the doily.
And show everybody what you're really all about.
I mean, the Orthodox Jews that wear that crap on their sleeve,
man, they're just as bad as Falwell
and the other are far-bisoner right-wing assholes.
Obnoxious.
But anyway, I don't want to twist the way you vote.
Here's the list I have so far.
Jew Lieberman, Ted Kennedy,
because they're a lot of, you know,
the right-wingers out there that can't stand Teddy.
Oh, I know who else I should put on here.
I should get a lot of votes.
Hillary Clinton, huh?
Oh, she'd be doing very well.
I guarantee you.
Ted Kennedy, Jesse Helms,
Strom Thurmond, Dick Army,
Tom Delay, and Hillary Clinton.
That's my short list so far.
I'm sure there are those we could add.
Did you get those?
Julie Lieberman, Ted Kennedy,
Jesse Helms, Strom Thurmond, Dick Army,
Tom Delay, and Hillary Clinton.
How about Jeb Bush?
Yes, stick his ass on there.
Don't let him off the hook, even for old times sake.
Anyway, getting back to yesterday's poor result
and we still have some more stuff
I'm gonna play today.
But I'm not gonna do a whole show with that
because we got too many important bedtime stories.
The greatest top 40 AM radio station ever was
WQAM 167.
Let's hear it for a little QAM.
Which used to be really damn good.
WABC 90, WLS 44.
See, I disagree with that.
But then again, I lived in Michigan for 12 years.
I think WLS was much better than WABC.
WABC was way too overproduced.
But see, I'm looking at that from like a radio standpoint.
WFUN 40, WNBC 26, KDK 20 CKL, WWYN 17, WMCA in the big ape.
14 apiece, Chum and Toronto 13, WOLO 13, WBZ 12, WOR, KFI,
WFILH 10.
WRKO, WIVG, each had nine.
WKN R and Detroit only had eight.
And also WSYZ Detroit had eight.
Not enough Detroit people here baby.
I'll turn to that right now.
That's very sad.
WAKY and Louisville had seven.
Home of Bill Bailey, WPOP and Hartford had seven.
And now this damn thing is changing again
and jumping all over the place.
I hate that like poison.
WLW and Cincinnati had six, KAY6.
KO, how come we didn't put WSAI and Cincinnati on there?
Dick Purton used to work there too.
Because we forgot.
KOL6, WMEX6, WKBW only five.
Only five for WKBW and Buffalo.
Well, that's probably because Joey used to work there.
WCFL also had five.
Three WME and Cleveland had four as the WNO and NORLins.
KHJ had three, KQB and WHK3, KJR had three.
I bet your suds was one of those, huh?
Thank you.
Debate.
Could be.
WJB K and Detroit had a pair.
KMPC had one.
WDRC and WMGM each had none.
You know something that's just out of 624 votes.
And especially WMGM with all due respect to Duff
and his WDRC crap and heartburn.
WMGM, 1050 in New York with Peter Trip.
How's that possible?
Had no votes?
When I was rough in Rochester,
which is a suburb of Buffalo,
even in the daytime you could hear WMGM.
Although it had little problem with the same frequency
and still is obviously it's WHN, 1050 with Chummon Toronto.
So they would like, you know,
it was depending on which way the wind was blowing.
You know, Toronto, it's a suburb of Rochester, right?
So that's our poll for today
and I'm sure we'll get some solutions to add to that.
Make no mistake about it.
Here's the big news of the day.
Big news.
George Beasley sees Ad Cycle becoming an upward trend.
Norma, your good friend Norma faxed this to me
at the house last night.
Beasley, what should mean?
Big raises for everybody.
What do you think?
Huh?
Come on.
Oh, here you go.
Here's a good choice for the poll.
Thank you.
I know that start coming in.
Trent Lot.
Oh, he makes me want to puke a lot.
Thank you.
Good choice.
Anyway, Beasley Broadcast Group announced Monday.
How come they have been talking about this here
in a building?
If they pay less attention to ball games
and more attention to what's being said by the
executive officers of this company over in Naples,
the people in this building might have some idea
what's going on.
Then they will fear you.
You know what I'm saying?
Beasley Broadcast Group announced this week
it expects its O3 results to outpace guidance.
Why it's as chairman CEO George Beasley so confident?
I've been in this business for more than 40 years
and I've seen the up cycles
and I've seen the down cycles.
He tells Bloomberg, this is an R&R.
It seems that the cycle is beginning to turn upward.
We've seen that through the first quarter
and we've seen that through the second quarter.
So I'm confident advertising for us seems to be picking
up across the board.
He also notes that his company was able to
negotiate the sports contract.
It's WQM Miami head with the Dolphins,
Marlins and Panthers, which means we're saving
some of those millions of dollars.
We were flushing down the toilet.
Beasley's expected to report its Q3 results
on October 30, a week from Wednesday.
Ready for that?
Big, big profits baby, which means big, big pay increases
for all.
Especially George and Carlos and McGill.
Oh, here's some good ones.
Now I'm talking about present.
Now they got Reagan on here.
We don't want to put the poor Ronnie on there.
Catherine Harris, good choice,
makes our skin crawl most of us.
Catherine Harris, got it?
Got it?
OK, so one out of several on that page ain't bad.
Just keep them coming.
Faximin, we'll, you know, we can start it on there
anytime you want.
I don't want to get like way behind like we did yesterday.
Oh, who's on the bat line there?
I wonder who that could be.
WQA in bat line.
It's either somebody that doesn't want to be on here
or wrong number or facts.
Hello?
Nobody there.
What a shame.
Could have been somebody very important.
Maybe it was your friend Norma.
Could have been.
Could have been Norma.
Maybe he's got your idea all set up for it
without huge 200% increase.
What do you think?
You know, this guy, this so-called witness.
Well, what would you like to, I'd like to put him
in the favor, do catch the sniper, which I have my doubts.
But if they ever do, I'd like to put him in his lap
when we stick him in the chair.
This asshole that was inside the home depot.
This to me, these kinds of people,
these kinds of assholes.
How long can we torture him before he finally kills us?
In a twist in the Washington area sniper case,
a witness who told police he had seen a cream-colored van
speeding away from the latest shooting
was apparently not telling the truth.
Forcing authorities yesterday
to withdraw one of their few promising leads.
The witness had described to investigators
seeing a man's shoulder and assault rifle take aim
in Shootland, or Franklin in the parking lot
of a home depot in Fulcurch, Virginia, on Monday,
and he also described the van,
which he said had a malfunctioning tearlight
and a letter rack on top.
After two weeks of shooting some little evidence,
the witness's description has been hailed as a step forward,
and police were feeling aware optimism
about catching the killer.
Now, the discounting of the witness's story
left residents with less confidence,
the killer will be caught anytime soon.
Police Chief Charles Musi, a mousse man of Montgomery County,
Maryland insisted the development was not a setback,
but ignores the witness may have purposely given
the police faulty information.
Reports of the van were inaccurate,
reports of an olive skin person were inaccurate,
and the witness also told police he had seen the government
wheel of the NAK-74 assault rifle of Russian origin.
Based on that initial report,
Fairfax Police Broadcasting Alert for the suspect vehicle
and driver, police raced into position on interstate highways,
bridges, and other roads.
All in search of the cream-colored van,
the nonexistent cream-colored van.
How do you like that?
They ought to take this guy, like you said,
and pluck out every cell in his body one at a time.
Right.
Pluck out his eyeball with rusty tweezers.
Man.
And he was inside the home depot,
he finally admitted what was going on.
Inside.
Maybe an X-ray vision like Clark Kent, you think?
Don't forget small, Bill Tuzdani,
by the way, Mark Adon and your calendar.
Clark gets very emotional again this week, they said.
He does?
That's what they said.
He gets all whipped up into a frenzy.
He thinks about looking at it.
Not touching it, but you know, gotta start slow.
26 after 9 at 560 WQA,
and we all have different lifestyles, Clark,
therefore we need different products
to make us feel better and be healthier.
And that's why you ought to check out Oliometh.
Oliometh, Mediterranean formulas,
are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade
olive oil combined with good stuff, vitamins, minerals,
herbals, and other nutrients scientifically designed
to provide natural nutrition solutions
to help you support specific health needs.
And look now for Oliometh's three exciting new formulas,
which are sleep, weight management, and co-Q10.
I'll be using the benefits of the finest
and purest olive oil that money can buy.
Oliometh's an outstanding new product,
and you'll find it at your public stores,
records, and Walgreens, to get more info about
what Oliometh does and where you should be sticking it
called 1-866 Oliometh.
That's 1-866-653663,
and you can also order their products online
at oliomedamerica.com.
And if you visit your nearest publics
and purchase an Oliometh product in Browderade counties,
you'll get you a coupon for a free,
Larry Coker Bible Hedon.
I'd rather have a Larry Glick Bible Hedon myself,
but I guess they don't have those yet.
A Larry Coker Bible Hedon while supplies last,
don't forget to visit their sampling provision
at sports time every Sunday
when the dolphins are playing at home.
And by the way, how embarrassing that game
was almost blacked out this week,
the five-in-one dolphins against one of their arch-rivels,
the Buffalo Bills with your blood,
so almost blacked out because this is a bush-league town.
Pick up some free samples of Oliometh
and the product information as well.
Start feeling healthy by popping some in your purse today.
Slide and local.
We're sports radio five sixty-year-old.
UAM.
Try the U-Best Inc.
Just make them cruise missiles all too shallow.
Ow!
Hedon went and made his man his hell.
Oh, son of bitch, learn you're slow.
We're gonna show you how we rock and roll.
Those are the delusant and ain't so.
We know you can't be cold, we've seen him in this home.
I guarantee you will, you'll never be found.
Tell some people.
We're gonna show you how we rock and roll.
We're gonna show you how we rock and roll.
We're gonna stomp your ass into a mon-hole.
They won't get dry and near storm is a mo-
We're gonna show you how we rock and roll.
Come soon, people.
We know your money, you can do some good.
Help these some people in your ma-
Instead you have to go and be a real prick.
And now we want your ugly head on a stick.
Go in the G-A-Go-L-Quiz you will.
We call this payback, it was him in the mill.
Special delivery by B-52.
You're gonna be history and your talent and two.
We're gonna show you how we rock and roll.
They won't stomp your ass into a mon-hole.
They won't get dry and near storm is a mo-
We're gonna show you how we rock and roll.
They won't get dry and near storm is a mo-
We're gonna show you how we rock and roll.
We know your money, you can do some good.
They won't get dry and near storm is a mo-
We're gonna show you how we rock and roll.
I'm 34-560 WQAM.
Pastor and four others go to jail for whippings.
An Atlanta.
A pastor and four members of his church were found guilty yesterday of aggravated assault and cruelty to children for whipping two boys in front of the congregation.
I guess they just probably wanted to whip them into shape.
The defendants were handed prison censors ranging from 20 to 90 days.
They were also fine amounts ranging from 250 bucks to $8,000 placed on probation in order to attend parenting classes.
Judge T. Jackson Bedford Jr. also told the pastor the Reverend Arthur Allen Jr.
They cannot advise or participate in any way and they discipline of anyone else's children.
150 members of the House of Prayer and Independent Atlanta Church have repeatedly said that they have the right to beat their children and that the church was being persecuted for its beliefs.
They got the right to beat their children, so don't you think so?
Of course they do.
Well, there you go and while they're at it, kill some people.
Sure, why not?
They got their own set of laws just like the Vatican said yesterday.
Well, you know that whole dog and pony show we put on it.
We don't think so.
We're not too crazy about it.
Who the hell are you?
Yeah, that's right. Who you to be a dick and a was.
Okay, we got the good rosary beads and all that good porno with the Vatican.
Vatican rejects US clerical abuse policy saying revisions are necessary.
Well, I'll save that. I don't want to do that yet.
We'll get to it.
How about that football game?
How about that Brawl you saw on TV this morning on the CBS News?
Older and over, right?
Adults and kids brawl at a football game.
Same old crap man hockey games football games, baseball, a little league baseball games.
Crazy, crazy assholes out there.
Drunken crazy parents obsessive lunatic, maniacal crazy people beat
not each other kicking and stopping and how about that one hockey dad that killed the other one in New England?
All about living vicariously through their kids.
Right. That's right.
All about exploiting using their kids for their own puff it up their own ego.
See, I'm, you know, you may laugh when I say it.
Force sterilization is the only way to go. It's the only hope.
I notice Eric's got a room for about 400 more.
I'm trying to vote on this thing.
Is this thing up for votes yet or not?
Oh, well, you said that you were going to take suggestions.
No, well, no, let's, let's close it out.
Let's get some votes on Eric.
Eric, when did that, is he hearing us this morning or why?
Yes.
Well, let's hear it.
Oh, right.
You can hear us, which means other people can hear us on our internet.
We got problems with that thing, you know, and don't bug us with that.
We can, you know, it just does.
Everybody's got problems because it's the freaking internet.
Like I said, when it works, it's great.
When it doesn't work, it's a real pain in the ass.
It's just like, you know, it's like that's gave sucks.
And Bell, South, even though Spirocantins upset with me, they suck.
Isn't he thinking of upset with me?
Oh, speaking of upset, let me just tell you this.
Troy over at Balance for Life, you're a puss.
It's nice that you've got a free week of, it's worth a billion dollars
to publicity on Channel 4, but that piece last night with that fat ham-hawk and L. Sunshine.
Who the hell are you to be talking about fat on television now, okay?
Who the hell are you to be talking about it?
If there's one thing I can't say and it's fat people talking about losing weight, except me.
Right? Right. And to be able to know how.
No, no, seriously. I mean, the thing last night was on the cost.
Now, it's not cheap. That's for sure.
But the fact of the matter is that to prepare that kind of food, I had last night a chicken.
What the hell was it? A chicken thing with a, a man was unbelievable.
With all kinds of good stuff on it. And the seasonings and the herbs and everything.
There's no way in the world that any of you people listening to me right now, unless you're a restaurant tour.
The rest of you, you couldn't prepare that kind of food.
And they're saying, oh, it could cost you up to a thousand bucks a month.
First of all, they deliver it right to your goddamn door.
What was it called? Are you got the list?
Chicken and cauliflower allah-gurid.
No, I had that was, that was my dinner. This was a snack. That was good. Very good.
But this was some kind of a snack. It was chicken.
Oh, this is a different snack. Oh, man, was that good.
But anyway, my point being this, that you couldn't, for all, I don't care how much you'd spend.
Nobody in the right mind has got the time or they wear with all or the inclination to stand in and unless you're a gourmet chef.
To stand in the kitchen and prepare and work all day long or the time to do it and make that kind of food.
So, Al-San-Jah and you were a real idiot, okay?
Sure, it's expensive. And they came right out there and they told you how much it cost.
And how much is your health worth to you, right?
Right.
How much is it worth to be alive? Just like the beast.
We're going to save his life with this thing if he sticks to it.
He's gone from a 499 pound.
And, isn't it a weigh-in day?
He'll be in. He was here yesterday, waddling around.
Don't you understand? It's too close to 9 o'clock.
He isn't going to take a chance at a mobile being here.
I don't think Mo hangs around.
No.
They don't have those ding dong school meetings anymore like they used to.
Don't you remember that?
Yeah.
Well, what are you looking at me with a kind of a whimsical look like that?
Do they have those meetings you're not?
He kind of hangs around so we can kill some people.
And then he gets out of here.
Oh, he is the best. Make no mistake about it.
He's the most bizarre.
But on Monday, man, it's going to be, this is going to be the day.
Okay, you can do all the BS and all the try to deflect all the stuff.
Monday's going to be the day.
Put your numbers where your asses is what I say.
Put your numbers where your two pay is.
And you weren't sitting in there, unfortunately.
There was another, I'm sure they dumped it.
There was another comment about his two pay today.
Probably didn't get on here.
Of course, when they say when I say his two pay, I don't know which one I'm talking about.
Because this one didn't smell quite so bad.
It was his bag.
Now it was the pressure from the whole building from those numbers coming out on Monday.
And of course, right down the hall, you know that crap they played on the hall.
Power 96.
They're all up.
Well, they've been going in the right direction, man.
Must be that.
I'll be silk, you know.
So I guess this thing that I'm talking about all this nostalgia yesterday and some of the stuff I'm going to play today,
the good old days of AM top 40 radio and personalities.
The people around today, they just had the younger people didn't grow up in that culture.
So all they want to hear is the goddamn music, right?
Right.
They want to either hear Howard talking, we're not talking about you, Howard.
Howard Spurm talking about boobs or, you know, or they want to hear the music.
And there's not too much in between.
That's it.
Are you sure?
I think so.
20 till 10 at 560 WQ and Catherine Harris moves into first place in the early returns with three votes.
And you know something, if she doesn't win the poll, she'll fix it.
You know what you make me want to do, Catherine?
Kill some people.
Yeah, that's what you make me want to do.
You bitch.
You smelly bitch with your three million dollars over there in Sarasota.
You got to take your money and you know what you got to do with the Catherine.
Right.
Boy, she makes my skin crawl.
And her family is citrus barons, of course.
Yeah.
Part of the reason we all lost our trees.
And to lost our election, too, as a matter of fact.
Bitch.
20 till 10 at 560 WQ and I wonder what you're going to do with it.
I'm sure if she could draw a picture of it for us, you know, Jebs.
Is there anybody out there who's not playing at VIP sportsbook.com?
Is there any single person out there?
What else wrong with you?
You're really missing out on a good sportsbook.
I hear all these ads for all these other sportsbooks, including on this radio station.
You better do some research before I hand all over your cash to some of the third world sportsbook
and some horrendous grotesque place like Narendra.
Let me help you out at VIP sportsbook.com is the only sportsbook to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchbook.
It's the best sportsbooks.
You're not going to be the best sportsbook.
You're not going to be the best sportsbook.
You're not going to be the best sportsbook.
You're not going to be the best sportsbook.
You're not going to be the best sportsbook.
You're not going to be the best sportsbook.
You're not going to be the best sportsbook.
You're not going to be the best sportsbook.
You're not going to be the best sportsbook.
You're not going to be the best sportsbook.
But you're not going to be the best sportsbook.
But you're not going to be the best sportsbook.
We're going to be the best sportsbook.
To our premium sportsbook, we're going to be ready for sale, then we're going to go away to Volkswagen and theio.
We're going to Tada.
But we're going to be the best sportsbook guys in thewangladar.
Yes, now we pass the time away
In the gay old jail of art
Oh!
How some people?
Get me a pass just like that
Token schmarts a thaw
Is you take, cause you are
I don't look liplied through
Is you deflacte and
To mamma who be smart?
Does they lack?
How you shout their shoes
Come to leafler
All the way you watch and
Talk the whities cause
George it junior say he trust you
Can't believe you
Who tell our allies
On the greedy oil wall
But then he make you
Clean all the white house bathrooms
The cup of seeds
The toilet
And then scrub the floor
They tell you no where's the end
Oh!
God don't leave though
Your conch it told
It makes them all rich and few
Your nappily hair
No just like it beveled through
It's your feet what you
To be that don't kiss through
Yes!
One day while you
Be sniffing, and back
You may realize
That they're treating you
Just like your esterone
That's when your head
Will move from side to side
From the leafler
It's your bush and rummage
They be fractured assholes
Yeah last night
Harry Pellejhane was on Donahue
And did a pretty good job
On Connolita and or on Colin Powell
Nice going to Harry
Although Harry of course can barely talk
You know he's got that thing
Whatever he's got
What is he got?
He can barely speak
He can't sing anymore either?
I don't think so
But at any rate he did a nice job
He basically called them like
How Suncle Tom's
Things like that
So a couple of names we better add to the list
I see he's already got John
Askcroft on there
We better also add
Because on this list
Or in snatch
Don't you think?
Somebody fags me that
And he also has on here
That joling right wing asshole
From Texas Phil Graham
But I don't think enough people
Even paying attention to we as
Most of the asshole seem to be
From Texas like Tom Delay
Phil Graham, not all of them
You got your own snatch
Who's from Utah
One of them Mormon liquors
But at any rate
And keep in mind
We're not including the present in this
Because he'd win hands down
Which politician you despise the most
Hillary Clinton 11
Catherine Harris 9
Jeb Bush is God 9
They're like in lockstep there
How do you like that
Each one of them got the same
Yeah
Jew Lieberman 7
Good excellent
See the old Jews get upset
With me when I talk about that
Too bad
He's obnoxious
He's disgusting
He's everything that Jews shouldn't be
See what I'm saying?
Yeah, I get it
Ted Kennedy 3
Jesse Helms 3
Dick army 2
Tom Delay's got a pair
I say I apologize for that
But Tim Le Hay and Tom Delay
Don't they sound the same?
And quite frankly
Other than the spelling
It's basically the same person
Right wing lunatic assholes
On the fringe of humanity
Tom Delay 2
Trent Lotz got a pair
And he's waving him around too
Pompoms
John Ascrops already got two
And poor old Strom Thurmond
He's gotten none because they
Jesse Helms is on her 3
So just vent, let it out
Winning out, let it out
Florida judge throws out
Conviction of boys accused
of killing father
Awww
A judge yesterday
threw out the convictions of two boys
Ages 13 and 14 in the sling of their
father who was blooded into
the baseball bat as he slept
Circuit judge Frank Bell said
the boys' rights were violated
by the unusual and bizarre way
Prosecutor Samultaneously presented
two contradictory theories of the crime
Of course that asshole Dan Abrams
on MSNBC
He was telling us
Oh, this happens all the time
There's nothing unusual about this
That Dan Abrams, he's an asshole
There's another one for your asshole
Column
Man, is he an idiot?
If MSNBC
Get his ass off there
They'll be knew of them
So a big favor
Along with that fat Jerry
Nockman
I'm serious, he's just
Oh, he's brutal
Anyway, prosecutors won the
Conviction of Alex and Derek
King last month by arguing
That Derek swung the bat
But in a trial that ended a
Week earlier, they presented
Evidence that an adult friend
of the boys committed to crime
The judge had ordered a new
trial for the boys
And in the meantime,
We'll encourage the prosecution
And defense to work out a
Deal
The brothers were facing
Prison terms of 20 years
Delight because they were
Tried as adults
They were convicted of
Secondary murder without a
Weapon as well as arson
Percenting the house on fire
To cover the crime
Were all ecstatic
Said Linda Walker
The boys' maternal grandmother
I saw Derek smile
I think they're happy about it
Now they know they have hope
The brothers' lawyers
argued that prosecutor
David Rimmer committed
Prosecutorial misconduct
for pursuing the
Contrary Theory
The boys' adult friend
Convicted
Chalamolester Rikki Chavis
Was acquitted
But the verdict was
Sealed until the boys' trial
Was over
Basically what the prosecution
Was doing it
Well if we can't convict
This one will convict them
You know, we'll get somebody
And they used the kids
As witnesses against him
And it didn't work out
And they said, oh yeah,
Well you can't
To believe them because
They're upstanding kids
And they would never lie
And then in their trial
The guy that this Rimmer
Guys is, oh yeah,
There are a couple of
Liers
Something stinks
In this trial
You know what I'm saying?
So thank God the judge
Even up there in Pensacola
The Yahoo judge
Had enough sense to say
I don't think so, okay?
Damn it
You know it was that
The pervert that
Chavis go
What was the new term
For that kind of guy?
Oh, it's a tad polling
He was a tad polling
Tad polling?
Yeah, that's that
Where'd that come from?
It's just a new thing
They were throwing out
There on court TV
See, I have to
It's just like chicken hawk
Chicken hawk used to
Like somebody like him
Was chicken hawk
But now chicken hawk of course
Means Don Rumsfeld
And all this other right-wing
Little Tick
Exactly, right
Man
Look at that, Hillary
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
What a, you know
The other night I talked about Chris Matthews
And he did a great job
I don't like Chris Matthews ordinarily
But I got a whole new attitude
Maybe he's not so bad
He did a good job there with John McCain
At Fordham
And at any rate
There were, you know, he's asking a bunch of different questions
And he asked him
Do you think Hillary Clinton will be running
Do you think she should run for president?
And of course McCain
You know, being the Republican to begin with
And he's not going to get involved
And once Chris Matthews mentioned that man
Those, I thought they were going to have another riot in that crowd
They were booing and hissing and like psychotic
Those collared students
Who doesn't hate her?
I don't know, I mean, I don't get it
The only reason that he won by a landslide in New York
And the Senate election is because she was running against that puts
That little trophy puts was making all those sexist, nidiotic comments, you know
And was very kind of sending Rick, what was his name?
Rick Azar
Rick, I don't know what his name was
I don't know
And they didn't know either, nobody knew who they wanted
How they wanted to have a mind
So she held Gorewood in New York by a landslide
Of course New York is one of those very few states that's becoming more and more democratic all the time
More and more
Of course they have no choice
But at any rate that's the only reason she won here
But she couldn't win a fixed election in any place else
Let her come down here to Florida and see if she could win, huh?
Any chance?
No
No chance, she'll already get out of here
Crazy bitch
Wake up to...
And this article is very disturbing
Should I give like a caution on this for people that are like weak emotionally?
Okay
It's a column by Steve Dunley, being yesterday's New York Post
He says, wake up, this terrorist is no native
And of course this is just his opinion, but this is his column, he writes a lot of good columns
He said it's time to suspect the unthinkable and the suspicion is this
Washington has been paralyzed by terrorists
Terrorists working for a foreign organization that wants to destroy our country
There are credible experts who believe that a war has been visited on our breakfast table
It's a war that's as hot as the massive slaughter of 9-11 was traumatic
The Washington area killings is a terrorist cell, no doubt about it, it's at Larry Johnson
A veteran CIA agent and State Department counter-terrorist expert
We've seen how the talking hit shows a million times in last year
Maybe it's not al-Qaeda, but it's in sympathy with them, he said
Larry was talking with little agent his voice
I keep on hearing these experts on TV saying that terrorists always leave their calling card
Taking credit for their monstrosities, wrong
Fact!
From 1990 to 1999 there were 3,400 terrorist attacks throughout the world, mainly against the Western world
Fact! Some say 10% of those terrorist attacks are ones that some group took credit for
Fact! I believe it's about 1% that took credit, you take credit way after the fact
There are some terrorist groups that take credit for some things they didn't even do
But the worst thing right now is that I believe this is a terrorist cell
It's that I've versioned a tie up for all enforcement with this thing that's stopping the city
And then come up with something that's even more terrible
Johnson who heads an international security company called Berga Associates is quite confused
That nobody links to his bloodbath in Washington with a global terror campaign going on around the world
The atrocities in Washington, Yemen, the Middle East, and Asia, he believes are all connected
We have a French tanker blown up in Yemen, we have an American Marine killed in Kuwait
And yet there's another shooting against our Marines, there's a horrific bombing terrorist attack in Valley Indonesia
This is all happening at the same time the sniper is stalking DC and its suburbs
Hello, he says, Neil Livingstone of Global Operations in Washington-based security
Conglomerate has written nine books on terrorism
He was the first person to get a doctorate in terrorism in 1977
I asked Livingstone about the Tiro card and the note which was left with said, dear policeman, I am God
This guy is like someone pretending to be a disordered mind, he said, the Tiro card was a total throw-off
I'm not an investigator nor nothing about psychiatry says, Steve Donlevy, but having traveled a globe more times than I can afford
I can say for sure that a homegrown urban terrorist doesn't write that way
He asks you to write, it's double respect, and Livingstone, great respect for the police, great respect for authority
A good fingerprint of what these guys are all about
Bottom line, I have Indian Pakistani-Arabian Israeli friends who are pathological about calling me Mr. or dear
If one is shoot or is caught, if he's not a foreigner, I will bear my dear air in Macy's window
How do you like that?
Steve Donlevy says if this guy turns out not to be a foreigner, if this turns out not to be part of some terrorist cell
He'll bear his fat ass right in Macy's window
Let's hope they let him
Oh, they probably would
Get a hell of a crown, I'll tell you that
Look at Hillary, just run away from the pack
The only way we could have given her any competition, I guess, is putting Mo on there
But I can't figure out a way to get him on this one
Which politician, other than the president, of course, because he's in a special category
You despise the most, which of this group?
109 votes already, Hillary 28, Jeb 16, Catherine Harris 16
We can't separate those two, you notice?
They tried, they tried, they tried, they were gonna hold it
They can't separate him, they tried with a crowbar, couldn't get him apart
Jeb has got 16, Catherine Harris 16, and the good news is, Julie Bernman's got 16
John Asgroff's got 9, Ted Kennedy's 7, Tom Delay 5, Jesse Helms 5
Trent Lot 4, Dick Army 2, Strom Thurman's got one, and Orn's Snatch, he don't have any
And that is shame?
He's small potatoes now, I guess, poor old Orn's Snatch
Nobody pays much attention to him
956, he's too busy studying out of those blow jobs, you know, back from Penisgate, he's still working on that
Isn't he the Mormon?
Yeah, from Utah
With the underwear?
Oh, does he wear magic underwear, do you think?
The temple garments, they're called
Now you're gonna piss off the Mormons again, you've been driving away our Mormon audiences down to like 708 people out there now
Keep picking on it, no seriously, you're gonna be picking on the Mormons, who's it gonna be next?
You've already driven away most of the Jews, then he's working on the Mormons, all we're gonna have left is a bunch of right-winged Spicks
What does this have?
I've been dedicated nearly since 86, I moved to Los Angeles 98, continue listening to show on the internet
Recently I accepted a new job which will interfere with my live listening, I'm interested in recording the show off internet to my hard drive
You know if there's a program that can do this
I don't
You don't?
Well, save that for Carlos, our computer expert when he comes in, I'll save that and maybe an email a guy or a fast a guy or do something
Do something, okay?
Do something good
He did what?
Look at those long list of bits he put in there
Well, I heard today he's gonna come in and kill some people
957 at 560 WQAM, hey if you love your house but it just have enough room for you to do all the things you wanna do
Here's the answer, do what hundreds of other smart people are doing, call strictly editions
Whether you have a baby, want it or surprise, and need another room
If you're converting your car porter patio in living space, if you went into business for yourself, want to make a home office, call these great people at strictly editions
They're your one-stop shop, more space for your place, place, with an absolutely positively, worry for your approach to expanding your living space
Those no-shows by the contractors, and gonna happen, no chance of any incomplete work, no one expected bills, no worries about the job not getting done right and they take care of every single, stick in last detail
They drop your blueprints, they get the building permits, handle all the inspections too
Strictly editions has got that easy, five-step approach to total customer satisfaction, follow the bouncing ball now
First, they call the Schedule Free Project Evaluation Appointments at your home, where a project estimator will determine the scope of your addition
Second, they schedule a bit of employment and their convenience room for you, where you'll get a detailed proposal and an exact price for your work right to the penny
Third, select your finishing touches, go to contract, fourth, review the design, the architectural drawings, and then fifth, sit back and relax with a big smile on your plus as your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality
It's as easy as falling off a log, so give strictly editions a call at 9.5.4.7.9.1.8.100, their license they were insured and they really care about doing a super job for you
Look for the red and yellow pages, they serve all of Browdy and South Palm Beach County
Be sure and tell them that Neil and PD Lenny and George shortly to call 9.5.4.7.9.1.8.100 for strictly editions
My, and locals, this is for TREAL FI-SICHI, you way, you way, yeah
Friday, you besties
Alright, welcome back to the Howard David show where we run a clean family diaper what he call it there show here
No, homo talk about queers like that jupel guy that follows me
I ain't gonna make the same goddamn mistakes who he sales made
And what, what are you?
You remember when he told the kids to put their hands in the parents' thing
Oh yeah, vividly
No, we're gonna talk sports here with a little UMF based on the comedy stylings and Jack Boom Boom Carter
Oh yeah, that
Say, ain't it a beautiful day in paradise, huh?
Why sure, Pettida, New York
Eh, yeah
Well, you're from New York, right?
Da, I'm from Kenasi
Alright, pipe down, I just flipped my wig again
So, when you come down here for
Well, I had to, besides this right here, this is paradise
50 both guys, I guess I can say I kind of miss New York
Why?
That don't you wanna go back sometime?
I, uh, I can't go back
How come?
Well, they told me in no uncertain times, uh, let's not get into that right now
Yeah, that sounds familiar
So, uh, you hear the news?
Huh?
I said, have you heard the news?
No
They're gonna suspend that little hospital hoolioc
The whole day?
That's right, they wanna let that little speak bastard go
What did he do?
That, I just don't like them, ain't they good enough?
That little little bit of talk, don't you think?
Are you arguing with me?
No
Do you know who I am?
I'm sorry
I got the power of Greg Reed behind me
Come on, take it easy
I wanna fire him all
I'll tell you what
You, you're fired too
Get out of my place of business
Just send your place of business
Why you, why you wanna...
Get out
Get out of here
Get out of here
Get out of here
The girl, he's just like a time x-watch
She takes a look in and keeps on the squeal and ticking
10-04560 WKM
Here's a fact from some poor listener who lives in Texas now
We sent him our sympathies
Why are there so many Hillary haters
This poor lady can't give a proper BJ
So her husband has to seek them elsewhere
The stone princess, I think, is what he's talking about
Neil, please pray for me as you just mentioned
A lot of people on the pull-off from Texas
I live here now, listen to you on the web daily
The place is so bad that the top story last night's 10 o'clock news was that the ribbon-billy grey em is in town
Oh!
Is what it says
The Democrats here hide in shame, it's more disgraceful than most who pay
I'm a huge fan from way back, thanks for being on here
Oh, yet his George still hang out at the Coliseum
What's the Coliseum?
I don't know
I have no idea
The one in Rome?
I guess we're going to throw into the lines at about 130 this afternoon
Because if there's one thing we want to do before we finish the week, it's kill some people
Why not?
Share!
160 votes on that pull, Hillary's got 36
Which politician on this list?
You despise the most, which one just makes your skin crawl, your blood boil
Makes you want a puke, your gut side every time you see them
Hillary's got 36, I have no problem with that, she's annoying
She has no credentials, no qualifications, she didn't let she's not
It's one thing to be a carpet bagger, okay, there have been plenty of politicians who have been carpet baggers
But if you know what you're doing, if you know something, she knows nothing
Oh no, she's been a very effective senator
Right, she's offensive to look at
She's offensive to think about
That's what Bubba said
Hillary's got 36, she had Bush 25, just edge to head to Catherine
Catherine Harris and Julie Roman tied 24 there in a full Nelson
Ted Kennedy 13, John Ascroft has moved up very fast
We just put his name on her, he's already got 13, I bet she's got more now, 14, like I said
I love it when it changes in midstream because then it gives me an opportunity to go back to the top
And read them all over again
Kennedy 14, Ascroft 14, Tom Delays got 8
Jesse Homes 6, Dick Army's got 4, probably Barney Fag voted a couple of times
Trent Lotz got 4, Strom Thurmond to an orange snatch got 1
Oh!
I think there's two or ours in his first name, aren't there?
I'm not really sure, I don't know
I don't know, we're not going to worry about spelling, okay?
There's only one orange snatch
There's only, I shouldn't say that
Tell her a six at five, well because there's a, her a lot
You got a finestein and you got who's the other one from California?
Barbara Boxer and who's starting her own rebellion, by the way, is what I'm hearing?
Fatick and reject US clerical abuse policies saying revisions necessary
This is just so amazing to me, that freaking damn Pope
Boy does he have a lot of hoodspot?
Yes he does.
The Vatican today rejected the US Roman Catholic Church's new sexual abuse policy
Saying the sweeping zero tolerance crackdown needed to be revised because
Elements conflict with universal church law.
In other words to hell with your law and the law everybody else has to abide by
We got universal church law, we got that canon law.
Just ask a Frank canon, oh he's dead.
While supporting the US bishops efforts to stamp out clergy abuse, the Vatican said
The policy contained provisions that were difficult to reconcile with church law, were difficult to interpret and left open procedural questions that need to be resolved.
In other words, that's what they said.
For these reasons it's been judged appropriate before they recognite you,
Vatican approval can be granted, a further reflection on and revision of the norms and they churned our necessary, the Vatican response said.
The response signed by Cardinal Giovanni Batista Re, head of the congregation of bishops, proposed the creation of a joint US Vatican commission to revise the policy.
The US bishops adopted the plan in June after all that big good talk and pony show they put on and response to enormous public pressure that they take a tough stance against abuse of clergy and stem the scandal that has shaken many American Catholics, faith in church leadership and those freaking pedophiles.
Victims groups responded toward yesterday that the Vatican would reject elements of the policy, said the response show the Vatican was more concerned about protecting offending priests than miners and that they got their thumb right on it.
That's exactly what it's all about.
Covering up for the priest, that's all they give a crap about.
In the letter released with raised response, Bishop Wilton Gregory, head of the US conference of Catholic, he don't have to do with him as taken to Wilton Manners, that would serve him right.
Head of the US conference of Catholic bishops said he was happy to accept and proposal for a mixed commission to reflect further on and consider revision of some of the norms.
Gregory was to give a press conference later today in a room.
The Vatican letter gave no specifics of the provisions that it found troubling. However, it was clear that certain aspects of the American zero tolerance policy would have blamed.
Right. Among other things, the US policy requires diocese removed priests from church work once a credible allegation is made and in some instances from the priesthood itself.
Ever since it was adopted, Vatican officials and American church law experts have said the norms might violate church law because they would need provacuse priests of their due process rights.
Well, you know what I say? Screw them. Screw these damn perverts. Oh, speaking of perverts, by the way, how come nobody is factored and know they probably don't know about Harold Ballard, former alunatic owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs, come to find out that he was also a proposition to young boy Maple Leaf Gardens.
They had a big scandal up there with a lot of the usher's and other people were doing hanky panky with those kids, with those miners and Maple Leaf Gardens, the usher's will come to find out that Harold Ballard himself,
who was a lunatic, a maniac destroyed a franchise, did everything evil evil. He was an evil doer and evil doer, but the good news is he's dead. That's the good news.
And like I said, before we get done here today, some of these evil doers in the world, one thing we're going to make sure we do is kill some people before we leave it one o'clock.
We got the mad dog at one. Hank is on for a full, you know, baseball seasons over. So I guess I don't have to make a big deal that full four hours every day.
Hank, three to 70, told me he's been doing calisthenics to a bone up for it. They wants that 530 to 630. We got the Hooter's College football preview with Josie and Josh Darrow, seven of them.
No wonder Clarets was in there early working fibrously over his desk. Do you see him in there? Yes. I didn't want to interrupt him. He was just pouring over stuff on the internet. Look like porno to me.
Any K at 10 and the SPN radio overnight. He was banging away in there. 10 minutes after 10 at 560 WQM for years. You've heard me talk about the lights of Westboken.
What a great job they do for you. And how they can help you lose some of that weight on the Atkins diet. A lot of you people are on the Atkins.
And for many people at works against the job done because it's a low carb. See one thing when they talk about diets on these stupid shows like on channel four.
They don't make that they don't differentiate between refined carbohydrates and unrefined natural carbohydrates.
So this business like lumping it all together like potato chips is the same as goddamn asparagus. I'm sorry.
You asked holes at channel four. Anyway, Atkins works for a lot of people. If you want to stuck up on all the great products for Atkins diets.
This is one complete store that's geared just for you. Do you like the voice bokeh? Can you imagine a little low carb, no fact delicious scoop of ice cream on a hot day like today?
I can imagine it. How about a worth a thousand low carb and no sugar products is ready for you to taste because the delights of Westboken can always try it before you buy it.
And it delights its 25% off on all Atkins products all the time from candy to cookie snacks, breads, vitamins that great to pasta sauce with almost no carbs at all.
The likes of Westboken's got it all with more great stuff arriving every single day of your life. The likes of Westboken you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 and Bokeh.
If you like at lowcarb.com.
Chamberlain, rate me.
So what's your radio program? Hi everybody. This is Alan Fried. Back in 1951 in Cleveland, we coined a phrase that became the biggest pop music allara in the world. The words rock and roll.
And this is Rats go in stereo on the go for great 98.
Jim Lonsbury here from Ray this week. And this is a place if you're tired of being bombarded and screamed at by those other radio stations. One of our radio stations.
W-O-R-S-T-L-O-T-L-L-R-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L
If this sounds like your kind of radio, join me, brother John, and we'll all be part of a new breed of people-to-people radio-crawled love.
Coming any day now to W-A-B-C-F-M.
Stary-O-W-A-B-C-F-M, New York's medium, rhythm-less.
This is New York, this is W-I-S, all new, it's all the time, and I'm Charles Edwards.
66 degrees and Sunday at 5 o'clock, this is W-A-W-U-U-S after the minute, Jim Donnelly reporting.
It's 20 minutes before 6th at 10, Townsend W-O-R-F-M 2020 news.
From all over the world, East, West, North and South, used from FM, from the American FM radio network.
I hope he helps you, really feel me coming.
At 22 till 6 o'clock, in power time, let's give away a sweatshirt, the Cheryl Lornatory.
From the UNCA, David and Clayman Colby right down, first off, many went called, plus it's 29944 here in the city, you'd name it 2-Wit.
David and Clayman Colby right down.
With Super Dan, the fifth dimension number 11, it is now 17 to 6543 with me, Triple D, it's 4 seasons, number 15, come on man, and two weeks ago, good guy, sure shot.
Come on, Dan, Dan, play the music, people will hear it.
Here's 4 minutes to the music you want to hear.
All heard on 5 radio, every time every...
101 minutes of non-stop music.
This is stereo 101, WCBS FM.
It's up 116 days.
O-R-F-M presents the number 1 song of the 60s.
And from midnight till 6 in the morning, it's your Charlie Greer show on WABC, the station with music power.
Dennis and Amens, close to your route 22, Union New Jersey, open 10 a.m. to 5 the next morning, says...
Who's the people?
Who's the people?
On New York in the morning right now, everybody, 20 minutes to 7, 20 minutes to 7, don't forget Roba Young starts at 1 o'clock today, 7.25, Fred Boy in the news and a lot of news for you.
This new year's morning, then all the way with HOA, tilled him.
New's 5 minutes sooner from WABC, New York. This is Fred Boy.
Wednesday now 7 p.m.
Time for the big M. Bruce Morrow, tonight from Raven Hall Pool at Coney Island.
Here's Bruce.
How you doing cousin?
Oh you know we got a lot of cousins here, everyone's ready.
Raven Hall Pool, what do you say we trapped in?
Tonight now 7-0 on our beast party with Rick and the old was a new, here's Bobby Wright, that's what I do it again.
I think it's time to write back to Uptown or WINN as a radio circle, big pan check, our thick waffle's ready for it there.
I'll be back in five on the beast party, nobody move your captured.
Land, the medication presents...
The power of youth.
Incent.
On the side when news is hot, a way of views center is on the air.
Keep your radio on, let's have a big party WINN.
We can sing a half-bomb to wonderful music WINN.
Style can dance.
Wind, New York.
Oh there are Joey Hall of the Year, good morning Mr. Jack Lacey.
This isn't a bully from the 14th, I'm not really mad about Justin Roosie, ho ho, he plays my Rooko, he plays my first I know he did he.
He said I'm not in, no, he says I feel way to go, you are in the city, yeah!
Got me, Union, Justin Roosie and everybody's down there. Hello Scotch L. Roos, come right in.
I, at the end boy, I'll tell you the crowd is really restless.
They're yelling down there on Barca Avenue, we want the Beatles.
And I got news, everybody down there on Barca Avenue listening to WABC, WA Beatles C, Paul and Ringo.
Paul and Ringo will be with us in a few minutes.
That is why I asked, would you like it if for the rest of the show we played nothing but Beatles records?
Okay, you got a deal right here.
Beatles here they got your Ringo's record by 77 Radio, they are.
The Beatles can't take your bar and be a movie man.
Oh, 77 Radio's 80, oh you got a no, you got it.
Yeah, got you. What's happening?
Ringo is here, Ringo is here on WABC.
Now in the 50th generation.
This is WABC, the stage in New York is twisting to Channel 77.
18 minutes before 5 o'clock 71 WABC degrees, that's twist right now with a peppermint twist.
Mr. Joey D in a starlight is doing it for you right here in your Dan Angry Flanker.
How you key with Savi?
Let's go, man.
Hey, you Stan Viking with Savi and a flip side of another first edition from Action Central News.
We got the Joe Bells, they're going to be doing the Bristol stop for you right here on WABC, right?
The City Arland, the Clifton to Bowen 25 minutes before, like it if I go WABC in New York.
Finally, where we can lose from ABC Radio brought to you by Winston and the 1962 Rambler.
This is Arthur Van Horn.
All those little little sort out of the past, and church bells may ring right now, right after news time.
On WMGM New York, Bobbler with you on the landfly.
Bobbler here will look for India on the side of news when we got big sounds coming your way from the list, thanks.
On WMGM New York.
Remember this solid goal, Bobbler will in the sky with you setting the di variable people first for the past time.
Slide roll in.
7 days 7 days 7 days WABC.
The goal is shine so bright the Beatles to sing at a hard days night.
This is some trust in chariot. This is Bobbler.
And this is WABC FM 95 New York.
Finally is Bobbler. This is the Lewis and Clark Expedition on CDS FM.
And these are the doors. Bob Lewis for Dennis Alphas on W&W FM Metro Media Stereo in New York.
The WCPS FM New York.
The WCPS FM New York.
You was a day, Bobbler ran on the radio.
This is Muradakir, Sakhanachi, and as a fifth beatle, I am delighted to bring you the pick of the week, baby.
Oh, does it? And I love her.
Telling you from the butter of my heart.
Oh, wait.
Oh, wait.
Oh, wait.
Hey, everybody. This is Muradakir. I've got big news for you.
Now, you know that we are very close with the Beatles. And it's nothing that is going to get you upset or you beetle fans.
But John Lennon, as a personal favor, asked me to bring over a group that has really turned an England upside down.
Now, you may not have heard from the name as the Rolling Stones that got here longer than the Beatles.
We're going to present them in their very first US appearance at Carnegie Hall.
As I was saying, you're listening to the Dave Herman program on WABC FM New York.
Oh, two eight WPL, 0.95.5 FM in New York.
Unless the wrong thing again.
Okay, well, this isn't what's supposed to happen here now, but this is a term from the past. Here we go.
5.25. This is Rick's Law with Youth Based Five Minutes, center from WABC Radio.
This is our U.S. Superfiggas and put our gun away B.C.
First Oscar Anderson.
One Monday to eat with us from 1D and England.
Bruce Wong.
Kevin Bursting.
Cut, where?
No, no.
Oh, look at this.
Look at this.
Look at this.
Look at this.
This is what we saw as a continuing with the premises.
Remember, more of the visits you want to see, Alan, one of the old American radio.
Rick, I'll buy your tears in my eyes.
We'll say, high, when you feel the will of a good guy.
A private house and a market day.
Land comes back there.
Always, that will tell you what you're needed.
And we diamonds and we miss your wings.
One, two, six, until the last.
Here, the day, a swing along.
Good guys.
That's perfect.
I'm trying to preach many times to someone with your lead to be a mom on the wide, wide, weird role.
Stand by. You can be a winner of the musical love letters contest.
Maybe here's one right now. These are the ship.
Let's do it.
Here's the sixth annual WAVZ Principal of the Year election.
Okay, here we go everybody.
We got four of us at the after all.
It's like real that a five-demand baking show.
This is WAVZ's summer.
You'll always like that.
And this is the funniest summer of the century of the farming of your seal.
I understand. So, in view of that.
WAVZ.
It's 12 and 1 half in this before the mid-clock.
WAVZ Roby on here in New York.
All the nine music comments.
Beetle Paul made it dead.
Let's Marshaq here and you know we were getting some phone calls.
The switchboard down there has been inundated regarding some speculating that
Roby Young is doing your early this morning regarding Paul McCarthy.
If you were listening to your word.
But please be assured that those speculations are untrue.
They are untrue. Please don't call right.
Hey, hey, this is it.
In the case we want to tell you to stand by for Mad Daddy on your Australia WINS.
The Green Azute, the executive group W Station Westinghouse broadcasting for
New York, the nine baby.
Roby on the little radio station around the corner and up your block.
The Mad Daddy Show.
All right, Mad Daddy here in the Monday scene.
Another week is moving on.
You heard it's of the government.
One man over there that's the wind from the outside.
It ain't a square record because we only play around.
Take out that is advice now.
In turn of the night, sound low.
Come and something nice on the Monday show.
It is the sound you can use.
A kiss if they don't.
You chase your Monday, Blue.
You'll be a little Maddy, Maddy, Maddy, Maddy.
You're through the WINS, the Green W Station Westinghouse.
Virtue chasing for New York, York.
And this is...
That, that, that, that, that.
Stand by for you.
Or, that, that, that, that.
Stand by for you.
Or, that, that, that, that, that.
Stand by for you.
And then, last, the broadcast in WIBC,
when he did that, uh, Hiroshima 20th anniversary play.
Happy birthday, baby.
Bye-bye. That was it.
I guess it was a little bit touchy, huh?
I guess. Could be.
So, there's, uh, from New York, okay,
which is a suburb, according to a guilty of Buffalo.
And then, what he said?
New York City is a sub-an Boston's a suburb of Buffalo.
And I guess living in Toronto, part of the year,
I'm living in a suburb of Buffalo, am I right?
Absolutely correct, sir.
1028-560-WI-M.
If you want to have a great time this weekend,
head on our for Pomp and a Park,
where we're doing a not only great live harness racing,
three nights a week Wednesday Friday and Saturday.
But now, the sixth floor dining room is open
with great delicious gourmet food for you.
That's right. Enjoy any one of chef Kirk,
LaDais, Nightly Specials, or pick your own choice of fresh seafood.
Great mouthwatering steaks, or scrubsions, desserts from the menu.
The top of the park restaurant,
not only offers excellent food,
but it's located six stories high.
So, you know, if you really plunge your guts out,
you can jump.
And you're right over the racetrack. So, we'll miss one second of the great racing action. What?
Oh, we're always talking about going to the roof.
It's after the last race. That's right.
Pomp and a Park open for live racing, like I said,
three nights a week Wednesday Friday and Saturday.
Gates open at 6 p.m. And don't forget to new earlier post-time
for the first race, 7-15.
And this season, also even more exciting than that,
free clubhouse and free grandstand admission all season long.
And as always, free general parking too.
Every Wednesday, and I'm just still done on the night at Pomp and a Park
with draft beer hot dogs, so does popcorn.
Even large pretzels, only a bucket piece.
Pomp and a Park in Pomp and a Beach of Laud South of Atlanta.
Pull a bar on Powerline Road. Don't forget,
racing tonight starting 7-15 in the P.M.
We're supporting you on 5-6-0.
U-A-M.
Why, there you bastard.
Oh, I don't know what it is about.
And that line of little voices or whatever.
Big noses, those goofy hats.
Tiny little sh-meckles.
I don't know. They just rub me the wrong way.
And I sh-meckles the lips and every speech I love regips it's in the news.
Oh, Hillary hates Jews.
Stealing hatred through the halls, busting people's moths of all,
sits in the news.
Hillary hates Jews.
You will catch her like a manora.
God, she must have a wonderful aura.
One, she speaks, I wanna cry.
Could use a good rap by its in the news.
Hillary hates Jews.
10-13-5-60.
Tommy's taken over. He just came in to sound and do the rest of the show today.
So, you guys can have the weekend off.
He's taken over the whole goddamn place.
Unless they start drilling again on the second floor,
in which case he's gonna throw a Schmidt fit.
And I don't blame you.
That was good going there. I think you were the one.
Because they won't listen to me anymore.
I'm just, you know, I'm old news.
But you were just frantic and screaming and hysterical and shone crap and just,
uh, I really like it when he picked up old freaky carlos and threw his ass right against the wall.
It was great.
Anyway, woman gets prison time. He said he wouldn't touch his ass.
And who the hell would?
Woman gets prison time for porging prescription.
Somebody just faxed this to me. Now, it may not be that important to us.
Unless you, there's at the end, there's a little note on here.
And he's right.
A 47-year-old woman who attempted to fill a dead woman's prescription
was sentenced to one to three years in state prison in Boston, Spawn, New York.
Where the hell is that? Is that a suburb of Buffalo?
Is that everything?
Sheila May was arrested in August after she called a pharmacy to get a prescription refilled for a woman who died the week before.
May was sentenced Thursday.
The pharmacist recognized the name of the deceased took the order and called police.
The Saratoga County D. As office said, I guess we know where it is now.
A man appeared at the pharmacy saying he was there to pick up the prescription prosecutor said
police talked to the man who agreed to bring the bottle of
hydrochid hydrochid, a don, an narcotic painkiller to May prosecutor said
May pleaded guilty August 9 to 4 to be attempted criminal possession of a controlled substance of felony
Within two weeks of a police, she was arrested for forging another prescription
So she could receive more pills prosecutor said one to three years in state prison and then over the end says
I guess her father isn't governor.
Absolutely correct.
Right. Good point.
Here's the facts from listener George with a G.
It says good morning George and he'll hope you have a great weekend. Finally a whiff is some cool rear.
I don't I don't know the morning when you went to the car you didn't feel it.
I don't go to the car because it's in my garage.
Oh yeah. Very nice this morning.
All I know is yes. Yesterday afternoon I was swearing at Brian Norcross more than usual because he was talking about oh look at the he didn't exist.
So much felt hot and humid to me man. It felt you could roast the marshmallows on the sidewalk really this morning.
Oh feel it.
Anyway it says the reason I'm writing this if you see the cover of the Rolling Stone this week October 31 edition.
No.
Well why not? Where's your magazine guy?
Oh hey Bill.
Yeah get where you bill.
Shakira Mary J. Blige and Brittany on the cover and check out the positioning of Brittany's belt it says the way it dangles down great stuff.
Remember that thing we were watching?
Yes. That was pretty nerve in that because I didn't know who the spark was.
So that was Mary J. Blige.
That'd be Mary J.
I still don't know who that is.
Anyway it says but she's a virgin so I'm sure it was just incidental the fact that her belt was a dangling.
Hey more hairhead it says I hope the mad dog takes a leak in your hair helmet this Sunday.
And go Utica.
Oh Utica that's December buffalo in it.
Yeah.
The voice of the station says.
Now who was that?
Our announcer that does all the IDs and the rejoins and all the fruity sounding Tommy said that?
No no no.
The mister announcer guy that does all the IDs.
Oh that guy said that.
I don't know.
He's pretty good but he's got a lot of.
Yeah long way to go to catch up to that.
Now speaking of Hillary in that bit we just played moments ago before I interrupted myself.
They hate her.
258 votes which politician you despise the most?
Swilleries got 62.
In fact like I said, Jeb Bush has got 42.
He's moving up on a race.
Jewelieberman 41.
Catherine Harris 38.
Ted Kennedy 26.
John Ascroft 21.
Tom Delay 10.
Jesse Helms 9.
Trent Lott 6. Dick Army be having five.
Strom Thurman 4.
And Orin snacks his moving up a little bit.
He's Egin.
He's got three.
This story makes me want to get by the way that thing I played that New York montage which we enjoyed tremendously here.
If you didn't like it that's my suggestion because I have more stuff coming a little bit later on from all over the country.
Because not everybody's from New York that make him as a shock to some of the Yorkers out there but I thought that was great.
I liked it a lot.
I mean not everybody was on air but you had like Jack Spector and Murray the K and Brucey who's really.
He's an asshole.
Yeah.
Robby Young.
Robby Young was on air like I said.
He's an asshole.
Dead one.
Boy.
We could tell you a lot of Robby Young stories but we better not.
I only have one.
Adults and kids, Brawlet Football Game.
Let's get back to this American story.
It's the All-American way baby.
Pico River, California.
Two men were arrested yesterday for allegedly kicking a man in the hate repeatedly in a videotaped brawl that erupted after a week in youth football game.
Joe Srracho, 32 in his brother, Geno 25, were booked on charges of assault with a deadly weapon.
Settled LA County Sheriff's Lieutenant Al Grotterfend.
The deadly weapon was at there.
Was there feet he said?
There feet be the deadly weapon.
The fight involving about 25 children teenagers and adults occurred Saturday immediately after a San Gabriel Valley Junior All-American football conference.
In the summer of just east of LA, authority said no one was hospitalized and I'm sure some of you many of you have seen those tapes over and over and over again on your little TV sets.
More arrest or expected, Grotterfend said the brothers are being held in the war of half a million dollars bail.
A review of videotape made by a bystander led to the brothers arrests.
They had us way outnumbered Team Pirate Desi Tubbs told the KCBS TV.
They separated anybody who wanted to get in there to stop the fight and beat them up.
It was about five or six guys.
The president of one of the teams that Angles said he saw a nine-year-old girl hit.
Angles himself was shown on the video being knocked down and he appeared on TV Wednesday with a deep cut over the bridge of his nose.
Some parents complained they had been heavy drinking by adults during the game.
Oh, that couldn't be part of the problem.
Could it?
As Uncle Leo has been asking for many years, how many beers does it take to enjoy a sporting event?
Does anybody have an answer?
No.
Five.
Remember fact that what was his name that's dead now?
They used to come to the hockey games all the time.
Climbers?
No, no.
What the hell was his name?
Out of sight out of mind with the big red face Andy.
Oh.
Yeah.
Who used to bring the beers back like three at a time?
You know, one for you two for me.
That kind of thing?
He's now he's dead.
Linda Lane, conference president of the youth football league, confirmed yesterday that two teams from the San Gabriel Valley program were involved in the brawl.
Had no further comment, of course.
He's mom.
The fight occurred immediately after the game between teams from Polk over Vera and nearby Downey.
Oh, that explains it.
Averent behavior by parents using and abusing their children so they can like say, hey, my kids bet in your kid, my kids buy whatever.
And I'm going to show you.
And if you don't believe me, I'll just beat the crap out of you.
In fact, some of these people I think it's so plasti that it's a miracle that more of these folks don't go to a game with the strict intention of kill some people.
Yeah.
Maybe that's what they went there for like that hockey dead.
Let's talk some hockey.
What do you say?
No.
How about those make beliefs, huh?
Trevor kids still sucks.
See, we're going to play Phoenix every night.
We'd be okay, I think.
Anyway, 64 votes for Hillary and Jeb is starting to move up on a race and Julie Riven's making the nice moves.
Nice going, you boy.
He makes me nauseous, man.
Like I said, he got my vote and he'd get it every time.
That's the only thing I vote for him for.
I wouldn't vote for him for dog catcher because I'm a dog lover.
I wouldn't want dogs anywhere.
He might get tangled up in his to fill in.
I think I do.
Good.
Don't catch.
Man.
What a wimp.
An ineffectual phony baloney, a right wing, self-hating, obnoxious, bush-looking...
You're lying and low.
This is sports when you're fighting.
You weigh out.
And 13, baby.
Aren't you a couple of missiles?
Yeah, yeah.
To the place we know.
And aim a madame fella.
Whose first name begins with you.
Oh!
There's one thing we all understand.
Palcato won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan.
Kill some people.
We could chase and round forever with our tanks and all our troops.
Our special forces are so tired of jumping through them loose.
You're pulling me to another plane.
So let's cut out all the nonsense and go blow up Pakistan.
How clear an ease a nuclear tank.
Why don't we stop pussyfoot and go blow up Pakistan.
Kill some people.
F-46 in 560 WKM.
George Tennant from the SCIA.
He says the other day that Al Qaeda's organized again and again,
and raided another big thing.
The danger is just as great as it was in the days and weeks before I'm 11.
That's exactly what he said.
And the administration says, well, should we goose up that warning level again
from yellow to orange?
No.
And you want to know why?
Because it doesn't do a goddamn thing.
No.
Too close to election time.
Oh, oh.
See if they increased that alert to orange now, it makes the public like,
oh, that like that feel all we're like unsafe.
And maybe in this last year plus we haven't re-done the great effective job of combating terrorism
that we probably should have in a might thing out Al Qaeda.
Even though we're talking a big game and rattling our spears and going to go into a rack alleged.
Might just remind the public of that.
So they're going to resist at all costs trying to like goose that.
Not that it has that much impact on most of us, but just, you know,
not a good, do you know anybody that does anything different based on that?
Are you kidding me?
You have to be kidding me, mister.
In fact, we got a lot of people out there who like the nervous nellies.
They got the, today is the amber alert and the orange alert and the blue light special.
They got that all written down in various compartments, things like that.
Well, that's a pretty ugly t-shirt Miguel's wearing today, you know.
It's a pumpkin.
Oh, it's a little early for that, though.
And that's only the 18th.
Save that for a couple of weeks.
Maybe he's having some punky pie for lunch.
Can Bush resuscitate little brother?
I talked about this together. They didn't get to it. It's too damn long.
It's too long.
Oh, it's by Howard Feynman, and he wrote it for MSNBC.
Hey, little brother, happy birthday, George W. Bush chirped into his cell phone.
His driver's Toyota bumped along the streets of Houston.
This was in early 1994.
When I accompanied Bush, I went on one of his first trips through Texas.
He prepared to run for governor.
The following he was talking to was John Ellis Bush.
Jeb, did you know that?
Up until this moment, I never knew that that was his name.
John Ellis Bush, Jeb.
Then regarded as the Bush son most likely to follow dead into the White House.
These days, big brothers calling again, but now the subject is more urgent,
rescuing Jeb from political oblivion.
Of all the races and all the places across the country this fall,
none is more important to the president than getting little brother.
Realizing governor of Florida in his surprisingly tight race with Democratic attorney,
Bill McBride, a Tampa, which is why W. was done here again the other day.
Electrical college arithmetic is one reason, of course,
as he contemplates the presidential race of 2004.
The president knows that Florida again promises to be the mother of all battles
as close and contested as in 2000.
And this time they might actually have to let some sparses vote.
His brothers, presidents and the governors mentioned in Tallahassee
was a big help two years ago.
For the Bush White House, there's no worse nightmare than having a Democrat
let alone a shrewd lawyer like Bill McBride in the governorship.
But in the Bush family, the only thing more important than politics is family.
And Jeb Sagas turned from stellar promise to personal,
to political and political anguish.
New poll showman of virtual tie with McBride.
The 2000 election is made in the Democrats National Enemy Number One.
His daughter, Newell, is facing a humiliating, you know,
a public hearing on charges that she violated the terms of her drug rehab program.
And since this was written, by the way, as Quilling or Hills for 10 Days in Jail,
little brother returns out wasn't a lucky brother.
Back in the early 90s, this smart money in the family's hopes
rode with Jeb.
He was the tall and lanky son, which matters to the Bush's,
founding father Prescott, Ike's golfing partner, was 6'4".
He was the son of a five-bated capa key from the University of Texas,
through, although, through which he raced in two and a half years.
He was the son of a spoke, Malifala was Spanish,
and he, not George, was the apple of the mother's discerning and ambitious eye for power.
Jeb had everything but destiny on his side.
Eldest brother, George, had first dibs on the state to try to call his own
and chose, chose Texas, which, through the eighties, began derives as a basin anchor
of new, more conservative Republican party.
Jeb, with fewer schoolboy ties to Texas,
chose as his center of operations, Florida,
which has turned into the San Andreas Fault of American politics.
I love it.
The San Andreas Fault of American politics.
What ain't our fault?
In fact, you guys in here, it's your fault.
He speaks.
When they both ran for governor in 1994,
the conventional wisdom was that Jeb would win and W would lose.
Jeb was an office holder and was a smooth campaigner,
but he ran a philosophically in-industin campaign against
a once-in-a-generation Florida phenomenon, former governor and senator,
Lawton Charles, the he-cune.
Meanwhile in Texas, George W.
was being schooled in the new conservative themes,
and he stuck to them in a plotting, but disciplined way,
to topple a complacent incumbent and Richards.
On election night, Barbara Bush was reportedly more disciplined
and the Jeb had lost than excited that Georgie had won.
When Jabran again in 1998 did so as a full-bork conservative,
and he faced a weaker candidate in Buddy McKay.
How you doing, buddy?
I covered that race too, and remember the Bush family flocking south
to help little brother save face, which he did.
Since winning the White House, Bush's ordered Karl Rowe
was political concederate to spare no effort to get Jimmy re-elected,
even if doing so creates a risk creating political
appropriations elsewhere.
The Bush White House's banned oil drilling off the coast of Florida,
even while encouraging it elsewhere, it is funneled
to the Everglades Rescue Project.
It is even kept a Pentagon Central Command in Tampa,
and wrote recently blocked an effort by GOP Farm State Senators
to open Cuba to American grain shipments,
and move opposed by Florida's virulently anti-castoral Cuban ex-out community.
Farm State GOP candidates were furious.
Jed nevertheless finds himself in a tight race with McBride,
who was as close to a dream candidate as the Democrats in Florida could find.
He has no Clinton baggage to speak of.
He has a Southern accent, good for hunting votes in the Panhandle.
He was opposed by party liberals, also good for hunting votes in the Panhandle.
He's a decorated Vietnam vet, also good for hunting votes in the Panhandle.
Turnout won't be a problem in the Mamma area counties
where we was robbed mentality, still poised two years after 2000.
Not surprisingly, Jed seemed unsettled when asked on NBC's today show
whether he wanted to seek the White House in 2008.
It's been a much tougher road a host so far than he or anyone else expected.
The presidency is far from his mind.
He joked that he might just as well want to become a priest.
As president, he is in fact a convert to Catholicism and a devout one.
I'm not sure he was speaking entirely ingest.
I know him from interviews to be a soulful sort,
given the kind of political introspection and doubt
that's utterly foreign to his hard-charging, never looking back big brother.
Between now and election day, the brother will have traveled a Florida at least twice.
He was just here. He's already been there ten times since taking office.
Ma and Pa raised money there early and often.
Kevin and members have flown in and out like so many snowbirds.
Will it be enough to save Jeb?
On election night, expect another big little brother call
for now we can only imagine what they'll be saying.
You know what I think? Hope they're going to be saying?
Paul!
Yeah.
I don't know if going from Texas say,
but that's what they ought to be saying.
Because I think he's going to get his ass-wooped.
And you know, they made a good point last night.
I think I forget what show it was on one of the talking heads.
How come wouldn't you think that if your daughter was in the trouble
let Noel is in and if she was standing there in court facing a time in jail
which she got and being taken away in handcuffs,
wouldn't you think that the father would be there?
I would be.
Was he there?
No.
He wasn't there.
And you want to know why? It's a bad photo op.
Oh well of course.
Yeah. Don't look good baby.
To be in court while your daughter is being taken away in handcuffs.
I mean what kind of a father that's always talking about family values
and being holier than now,
what kind of a father lets his daughter stand there along with her attorney in the court
and he ain't there for her.
Was the mom of there the smuggler?
No.
Now she was busy at shoplifting.
I mean they're doing something.
She was out with the no to writer.
Smuggling crap in.
Man oh man oh man.
I don't want to start you know when you get angry it's bad because then you get your blood boiling
you want to kill some people you know.
Which politician you despise the most we ask today?
Hillary Clinton's leading the pack.
What a surprise.
78 for good old swillery.
What a shock.
Second place Julie Rumin's moving up the pack.
Oh.
53.
A lot of these votes look pretty suspect to me but that's okay.
We'll take it.
Jeb Bush 52.
Greta and Hillary's ass.
Catherine Harris 44.
Ted Kennedy 28.
John Ascroft 25.
You know John Ascroft.
He's an asshole.
Jesse Helms 14.
Tom Delay 11.
Trent Lotz 7.
Dick Army 6.
Strom Thurman 6.
And Orrin Snatch has only four.
Poor Orrin Snatch only has four.
Pretty weak.
Wait to hear this story.
Alabama Chief Justice Defense 10 Commandments Monument.
The Chief Justice of Alabama Supreme Court said he installed a 5300 pound monument to the
10 Commandments in the stage of the initial building because he was concerned about the moral
decline of the nation.
Chief Justice Roy Moore testified for a second day yesterday in the trial of a federal
lawsuit seeking to remove the monument he had installed in the building's rotunda in the middle of the night.
The basic issue was whether we'll still be able to acknowledge God under the First Amendment or whether we will not be able to acknowledge God Moore said.
The lawsuit was filed by the Southern Poverty Law Center and Americans United for a separation of church and state on behalf of three Alabama attorneys.
They contend the monument promotes Moore's religion and violation of the Constitution and they are...
Testimony is expected to continue into next week.
Moore, a conservative Christian said he turned out to request a place to monument to atheism in the building's rotunda and that he would not allow a similar monument to the Hindu faith, Buddhism, Islam or any other religion.
This is not the place for more our system of justice was drawn he testified.
He said he also rejected plans by various Christian groups to place other Christian symbols in the rotunda.
I don't want to return to become a hanging garden of different ideas he said.
The granite monument features the King James Bible version of the Ten Commandments sitting on top of a granite block.
Around the monument are quotes from historical figures and documents such as the Declaration of Independence which Moore said support his belief that the Ten Commandments are the moral foundation of American law.
Moore said he didn't share his plans for the monument with other justices, a committee that oversees the building, the governor or the public before installing in the middle of the night.
In the middle of the night on July 31st 2001.
He did tell Florida TV preacher the anxious DJ James Kennedy who had accrued from the installation offered videotapes of it for a donation of 19 bucks.
For 19 bucks you can see him sticking it.
Moore also questioned why his monument was on trial and not the fountain and monument in front of the federal courthouse which includes the scales of justice in the face of the Greek goddess of justice.
How do you like that?
How come they're picking on him and not those goddamn Greeks?
Why in local?
We're sports radio five sixty two eight you a.m.
You bastard.
I'm gonna watch HBO.
There's some dumb show.
About a funeral home with a Tony and a pussy go.
Houston people.
I've had to wait.
Over a year and a half to see if that Russian guy is dead
But when I turn on the tube, I'm shoving the screw
Because they're showing our list instead
Gumbah, Gumbah, da da da da
Gumbah, da da da
Where the hell are the sopranos man?
I've waited too long for this thing
First bombing in Venezuela
I wanna see Parli and Silvio
In the back room of the fight I've been
It's been so long since the last episode
There's so many things I forgot
Did Paul and Gettwack
Is furious, smoking crack
And as Tony still sailed us to Goths
So I pick up the latest TV guide
And that's when I stop feeling fine
Thank God HBO's bringing back the day goes
Each and every Sunday at nine
Only season four of the sopranos man
Good thing they're bringing it back
If I had to wait even one second more
I'd have my cable guy wax
Thank you for getting a bow
Love it on 02-560
WQM, the mad dog will be here at 1
We got Hank 3-7
Of course it's Friday
So that means the day of 1st at 0530 with the Humber
Who does college football preview with Josie and Josh Dero
7 o'clock tonight
I want to have to take a leak and I walk by Clarence's office there
He is pouring over all of that crap man
He is checking it out inside and outside to be thoroughly prepared
And that's some of that porno too
Eddie K. at 10
ESPN radio overnight because it's the weekend
And because Moe ain't on tomorrow
See I don't understand that
I do understand that
Anyway we got 349 votes on the full
They had a bombing on a bus in the middle
Aren't you surprised by that?
Nope
Probably Al Qaeda or some of their buddies again
Because their main goal in life I guess is
Kill some people
Paul Krugman writes today's New York Times
Springtime for Hitler
You may recall that George W. Bush promised among other things
To change the tone in Washington
He made good on that promise the tone has certainly changed
As far as I know in the past
It wasn't considered appropriate for the occupant of the White House
To declare that members of the opposition party
Weren't interested in the nation's security
And it certainly wasn't usual to compare anyone who wants to
To tax the rich
Or even anyone who estimates the sheer of last year's
Tax cut that went to the wealthy to wait off Hitler
Okay maybe we should discount remarks by Senator Filogram
When Mr. Graham declared that they propose
A to impose a one-time capital gains living on people who
Renounce you as citizenship in order to avoid paying taxes
Was right out of Nazi Germany
Even the ranking Republican on the Senate Finance Committee
Charles Grassley objected to the comparison
But Mr. Grassley must have thought better of his objection
Since just a few weeks later he decided to use the Hitler analogy himself
He said I'm sure voters will get their fellow statistics
Plainly that the Bush tax cut hands out 40% of its benefits
To the top 1% of taxpayers
This is not nearly misleading its outright false
Some folks must be under the impression
As long as something is repeated often and often it will become true
That was how Adolf Hitler got to the top
For the record Robert McIntyre of Citizens for Tax Justice
The original source of that 40% estimate is no Adolf Hitler
The amazing thing is that Mr. Grassley is sometimes described as a moderate
His remarks are just one more indicator that we've entered an
Era of extreme partisanship, one that leaves no room for the acknowledgement of politically inconvenient facts
For the claim that Mr. Grassley describes his outright false is in fact almost certainly true
An irrational word would even be a matter for argument
You might imagine that Mr. Grassley has in his hand an alternative answer to the question
How much of the tax cut will go to the top 1%
The administration has at some point produced a number showing that the wealthy aren't getting a big share of the benefits
In fact however administration officials have never answered that question
When press they've always insisted on answering some other questions
But last year the Treasury Department did release a table showing somewhat inadvertently
That more than 25% of the income tax cut will go to people making more than $200,000 a year
This number doesn't include the effects of a state tax repeal
In 1999 only 2% of the states paid any tax and half of that tax was paid by only 1,600 of the percent of the states
The number also probably doesn't take account of the alternative minimum tax
Which will snatch away most of the income tax cut for upper middle class families but won't affect the rich
Put all this together becomes clear that though sure enough something like 40% of the tax cut
It could be a bit less but probably it's considerably more
We'll go to 1% of the population
And the administration's systematic evasiveness on the question of who benefits from the tax cuts
Amounts to a plea of no or contenderay
Which brings us back to the new tone in Washington
When Ronald Reagan cut taxes on rich people he didn't deny that that's what he was doing
You could agree or disagree with the supply side economic theory he used to justify his actions
But he didn't pretend that he was increasing the progress of the tax system
The strategy used to sell the bush tax cut was simply to deny the facts and to lash out at anyone who tried to point them out
And it's a strategy that having worked there is now being applied across the board
Michael Kinzley recently wrote that the bush campaign for war against Iraq has been insulting to American citizens
Not just because it's been dishonest but because it's been unsurious
A lie is insulting and obvious lie is doubly insulting
All I can say is now he notices it's been like that all along an economic policy
You see some folks must be under the impression as long as something is repeated often enough it'll become true
That's how George W. Bush got to the top
Right Paul Krugman in today's New York Times
Nice going Paul you go boy
Heavy duty
Relious former case worker arrested
Police arrested Relia Wilson's former case worker yesterday on charges that she stole money from the state by claiming she was visiting foster children
Why actually working as a substitute teacher?
Deborah Muskelli a 16 year veteran of the Department of Children and Families made off of more than 7800 bucks from the agency for hours she didn't work
Times she could have spent visiting Relia Wilson or other children her care investigators say
Anybody seen Relia lately by the way? No
No
Had Muskelli 45 made the required monthly visits to the five year old
It wouldn't have had taken the agency 15 months to notice that the Miami girl was missing DCF officials have said
The girl's disappearance has set off a firestorm in the state causing an agency shake up delivered the resignation of DCF chiefs in August
Muskelli of Pemberpine stands accused of 11 counts of grand theft 21 counts of official misconduct and 9 counts of petty theft
She faces up to five years in prison
Muskelli is the fifth person connected with Relia Wilson to be arrested in the past three weeks
Earlier this month police arrested the girl's former caretakers Jorland and Pamela Graham
Well you know about them
Yeah get those fingers working Jeb
Jorland and Pamela Graham on fraud and theft charges the arrested Jorland Graham and her two grown children Leo and Jacqueline Epson on lesser charges
As prosecutors and police agencies vigorously pursue every possible lead in the attempt to locate Relia Wilson
We've uncovered a variety of figures and crimes dated Thurney a Catherine Fernandez Rundle said yesterday
However the defense attorneys for those arrested say other motivations lie behind the arrests
It's really a pathetic attempt to distract the public's attention from law enforcement's failure to solve the real tragedy
Which is the disappearance of the little girls and Muskelli's attorney George palace
Muskelli worked in two honorable albeit underpaid professions and to be treated like this is pitiful
Muskelli also known as Deborah Wallace
Also known as Deborah Wallace don't look at me
Surrendered at the FDLE headquarters in West Miami-Dade
It was being held at the Turner Guildford night detention center on $20,000 bail late last night
The D.C.F. officials declined to comment on her arrest
You go boy that's you have he's doing it man
You're I'm just like two and a half weeks it's two days less three days less than three weeks now
Right two and a half weeks to election day
I just want to see the look on his post when he gets his ass whipped by Bill McBride which he will he's gonna lose
Yeah
I just want to see the look on his post you know
He might look just like like Alfred E. Newman
He might have that deer in headlights kind of dumb look because I guess it runs into family
You know he usually don't have that look he saves it for his brother but he might just borrow it that night
When he's so far behind that even the even Catherine Harris won't be able to find enough votes to steal
And guess what all you dark folks out there this time they're gonna have to let you guys vote
Two three times to make up for last time don't you think about that?
Absolutely positively
Oh look at that message center new audio and video messages for you
Oh my god we got stuff popping up all over the screen on here looks like the screen on headline news there
It got something every guy named corner
Nine minutes after 11 at 560 WQ I am I don't think this is the right copy I got here is it?
No I mean pop it apart we love another spot share giving other spot
Why not?
Oh look at that
Oh man
I'm coming apart at the seams
Just struck my glasses on the floor Tom layman at Hallett Pontiac GMC so no tricks this year at Halloween just treats no Halloween ease
Announcing the grade 0% Halloween event going on right now at Hallett Pontiac that's correct with the proof credit from GMAC
You can get yourself 0% financing for up to 60 months on all Brad new
2003's and oh let me try it again on all 2002 Pontiac GMC models and select 2003's get that right or time's gonna be really upset
Or take a rebate of up to 4 grand here's even more good news no payments for up to 90 days check out the complete line of GMC SUVs
Including the on-boy voted by motor trend as SUV of the year in the all new Pontiac vibe SUV the big gutsy vibe that's got the power of a big expensive sports car without the cost
Hallett's also was always got a dependable selection of great unbeatable used cars trucks and SUVs
And like I always tell you folks if somebody else turns you down for credit for any kind of a vehicle have no fear because Tom Hallett will work out a deal
It's the grade 0% Halloween event going on right now at Hallett Pontiac 13411 South Dixie Highway that's US1 right across the street from the falls open every day 7 days a week
For more information you can call them at 305-238-4040 that's 305-238-4044 Hallett Pontiac GMC who do be professional grade
My and look this is sports radio 5-6-8-2-8-2-8
Yes
You're making the sale you're making the sale
1115 at 560 I'll tell you swoonery's making people all I really I wonder about this number of votes on this pool today but you know some of those folks down there to got to have something to do 374 votes
In an hour and a quarter
Ha ha ha ha
Well like I said it keeps them off the streets God damn it which politician do despise the most Hillary Clinton 94
Jeb Bush 63 Jew Lieberman 54 Catherine Harris 49 Ted Kennedy 30 John Ascroft 28 Jesse Helms 19 Tom Delay 13 Trent Laude 8 Dick army 6 Strom Thurman 6 and Orin snatch 4
And let me say it again the fact that Jeb Bush wasn't in that courtroom with no well is enough to make you want to puke your guts out even on guiding light poor Reva's on trial there for her life for a couple of weeks ago
And if Josh in there in the courtroom
People are going to say what's that if her kids aren't there in the courtroom to give her oral support people are going to say what's that all about right right this graceful
But you know you bushlickers out there you can rationalize anything because your minds are closed okay good right wingers man with no ability to think just like the religious fanatics
Oh excuse me am I getting redundant now is that what is happening
Yes this is disturbing but not surprising the administration of Florida governor Jeb Bush is apparently retaliated against a professor of public administration and FSU who was scared to speak of the state library conference last week
According to the St. Petersburg Times Lance Dave and Smith has written columns critical of the Republican Party in Florida declaring that Al Gore should have been declared winner of the 2000 presidential election shortly after the latter column he was told he was no longer a luncheon speaker
Victoria Pendleton of the Bureau of Library development explained by email that preparing for our transition to the governor's office is making folks sensitive to anything which may be construed as inappropriate
This has had an impact on the conference agenda but later said that the haven Smith was dropped only because of the focus of the conference had changed
Right right
Who the hell are you kid in the sweetheart
A federal judge asked that they ordered the Bush administration to turn over key documents about its energy task force for a second time
While government lawyers gave notice they plan to take their case to an appeals court before complying
US district judge M. G. Sullivan gave lawyers representing vice president Cheney to November 5 to produce documents that detailed the membership roles and meeting schedules of the national energy policy development group
which Cheney chaired Sullivan or to the same documents turned over in August
If the government doesn't produce the documents by that November date Sullivan said the administration must have been acclaimed of executive privilege and the reasons for it
The hour long hearing marked by a series of sharp exchanges between Sullivan and Shannon W. Coffin, the Justice Department attorney handling the case, is the latest development one of a handful of lawsuits that have sought to force the Bush administration to release information about the task force and they're not talking
They're mum
Could be too embarrassing especially all they ordered in the game till November 5th
What a strange coincidence, huh?
Figures don't lie says the Orlando Sentinel tax cuts hurt Bush's chances
Jeb Bush laid the foundation for his political vulnerability shortly after his election
He went into his first legislative session in 1999 with $3 billion next to cash thanks primarily to a robust economy and floated settlement with tobacco companies
His priority was clear he wanted a $1.25 billion tax cut aimed mainly at businesses and wealthier residents. Oh, what a surprise!
He proposed only about half that for increased school spending which did a little more than meet growth
Much of his tax cut would come by slashing a statewide property tax use for school operations a permanent cut based on temporary almost freakish economic conditions
The more moderate Senate demanded more for schools unless for tax cuts the compromise was a billion for each
The 2000 budget year also came flush with cash Bush proposed 578 million more in tax cuts much of it aimed at wealthier residents surprise again
And again the Senate cut the cut while getting more for schools
All this time critics and pundits questioned the tax cuts saying the state was putting itself at risk when the economic bubble burst
And Paul showed the majority would prefer excess money be spent on education not on tax cuts
This wasn't surprising given that the miniscule amount most people got from the tax cuts anyway
But Bush's budgets reflected his core belief that the problem with schools is not so much of a lack of money but a failure to demand results from the education bureaucracy
The economic bubble burst last year but despite budget shortfalls Bush pushed for another 313 million in tax cuts again most of it aimed at wealthier residents
He asked for only a $531 million increase in education about half the previous year's amount
Again the Senate got him reduced the tax cut and boost school spending by the end of 2001 with the recession worsened by the terrorist attack
Bush called a special session to cut $639 million from education but that didn't stop him only a few months later from pushing through a corporate tax break that will amount to $420 million by 2004
His initial proposal for education this year's budget did a little more than put back what had been cut even some house leaders balked
Bush eventually boosted the amount to almost a billion dollars
In total Bush's tax cuts will have taken about $6 billion out of the budget in his first term that money could have paid for universal pre-K and smaller classes in K-3 where it does the most good
These may have headed off the class size referendum
The amount his cuts will take from the budget in future years may have well paid for most of the class size reduction measure on a ballot
Bush's education reforms look promising but haven't had enough time to show concrete results
This leads Bill McBride free to blame our poor academic ranking on large classes poorly paid teachers and low-per-people spending all a reflection of stingy funding
Meanwhile residents in central Florida have voted time and time again to spend more on schools in local referendums the governor is out of touch which is why McBride has a chance
If Bush does win he may well thank Senate leaders such as Tony Jennings for limiting the damage he's done to himself
Right's my Thomas and the Orlando Sentinel yesterday
How do you like them apples huh? Our education governor
Yeah
Means spirited right wing phony baloney hypocritical finger pointing third burger
Woody Harrelson writes in the Guardian in the UK you know what he hearlson yeah I don't I'm an American tired of American lies he writes
The man who drives me to and from work is named Woody too as relief to me as it minimizes the chances of my forgetting his name
I call him woodman he calls me wood
He's become my best friend here even though he's upset that I have quit drinking beer
He's smart funny and there's nothing he hasn't seen in 33 years behind the wheel of his black cab
He drove me for a while before I felt confident he liked me he doesn't like people easily especially if they have a rat
Forbusting up black cabs
Woodman and I agree about a lot of things but one thing we can never agree about is Iraq he thinks the only language
Sodom understands his brute force. I don't believe we should be bombing cities and our quest for one man
We've killed a million Iraqis since the start of the Gulf War mostly by blocking humanitarian aid. Let's stop now
Thankfully most of the Brits I talked to about the work closer to me than to Woodman only your prime minister doesn't seem to have noticed
I've been here three months doing a play in the West and I'm having a time the time of my life
I love England the people the parks the theater the play is great the audiences have been a dream probably I should just relax be happy and talk about the weather
But this war is under my skin and affects my sleep
I remember playing basketball with an Iraqi in the late eighties when Iran and Iraq were at war I didn't know at the time that the US and Britain were supplying weapons to both sides
I asked why they were always at war with each other and he said something that stayed with me if we were up to the people there would be peace
It's the governments that create war he said and now my government is creating its second war in less than a year
No war requires two combat and so I should say its second bombing campaign
I went to the White House when Harvey Weinstein was showing Clinton the movie welcome to Sarah Havo which I was in
I got a few moments alone with Clinton
Sodom throwing out the weapons inspectors was all over the news I asked him what he was going to do his answer was very revealing
He said everybody's telling me to bomb him all the military are saying he got a bomb him but if even one innocent person died I couldn't bear it
And I look in his eyes and I believed him little that I know he was blocking humanitarian aid at the time allowing the deaths of thousands of innocent people
I'm a father in no amount of propaganda can convince me that a half a million dead children is acceptable as collateral damage
The fact is that Sodom Hussein was our boy the CIA helped him to power as they did the Shah of Iran and Nurega and Mark Austin the Taliban and countless other brutal tyrants
The fact is that Bush senior continued to supply nerve gas and technology to Sodom even after he used it on Iran and then the Kurds in Iraq
While the Anastey International report listing countless Sodom atrocities including gas and into a torture encourage was sitting on his desk
Bush senior pushed through a two billion dollar agricultural loan factory gave hundreds of millions of export credit to Sodom the other Bush then had the audacity to quote the Anastey reports to Garner support for his oil war
A decade later shrub follows the same line we have no quarrel with the Iraqi people I'm sure a half a million Iraqi parents are scratching their heads over that I'm an American tired of lies and with our government it's mostly lies
The history taught in our schools is scandalous we grew up believing that Columbus actually discovered America we still celebrate Columbus Day Columbus was after only one thing gold
As the natives were showering him with gifts and kindness he wrote in his diary they do not bear arms they have no iron with 50 men we could subjectate them all and make them do whatever we want
Columbus is the perfect symbol of US foreign policy to this day
This is a racist and imperialist war the war mongers who stole the White House you call them Hawks but I would never disparage such a fine bird have hijacked the nation's grief and turn it into an in a perpetual war on any non-white country they choose to describe as terrorist
To the man of Washington the world is just a giant monopoly board oddly enough Americans generally know how the government works the politicians do everything they can for the people the people who put them in power
The giant industries that are polluting our planet as well as violating human rights worldwide are the ones nearest and nearest to the hearts of Americans politicians
But in wartime people lose their senses there are flags and yellow ribbons and posters and every media outlet is beating the war drum and even sensible people can hear nothing else
In the US got forbid you suggested wars unjust or that dropping cluster bombs from 30,000 feet on the city is a cowardly act
When TV satirist Bill Maher made some of the sending remarks about the bombing of Afghanistan Disney pulled a plug on him rightfully so and a company that logs its freedom of speech award him to send can cost you your job
I read in a paper here about a woman who held out on the part of her taxes that would go into the war effort something like 17%
I like that idea though in the US it would have to be more like 50%
If you consider money as a form of energy then we see half our taxes and half the US government's energy focused on war and weapons of mass destruction
Over the past 30 years this amounts to more than $10,000,000
Imagine that money going to preserving rainforest or contributing to a sustainable economy as opposed to the dinosaur tit were currently in the process of sucking dry
I've given to woodman and we stopped for a few beers he asked me what I do in bushy shoes easy at honor Kyoto
Join the world court at stop subsidizing earth rapers like Vonsano Dupont and Exxon
I've shut down the nuclear power plants so I already have $200,000,000 save from corporate welfare
I'd save another hundred billion by stopping the war on non corporate drugs
And I'd cut the defense budget in half so they'd have to get by them easily 200 billion a year
I've already saved half a trillion bucks by saying no to polluters and war mongers
Then I'd give back $300 billion to the taxpayers I'd take the rest and pay the people teaching our children what they deserve
I'd put a hundred billion into alternative fuels and renewable energy
I'd revive the Tamergi movement which made the farmer and the root of the economy and make paper the fuel from wheat straw, rice straw and hemp
Not only would I attend I'd sponsor the earth summit and of course I'd give myself a fat raise
Woodman dropped me at home asked me if I asked if I liked his ideas he offers a real luck and yes as he pulls away he yells out
But I'd never vote for a man who can't handle a few pints at the end of the day
How do you like that huh?
We thought he was just a dope smoke and bumpkin
Well there you go! So even a dope smoke in the douchebag has got more brains than some of our leaders
You know that's leaders like with a quotes like Jim would say
1126 at 5.60 W.A.M. Sweetest day is tomorrow
That's right, not Swedish day, Swedish day
Do something fun and thoughtful and surprise your sweetheart with Evermont Teddy Bear
Today only they're given a free heart-shaped box of chocolates with each order
Even though it's Friday there's still time to have a beer delivered for tomorrow called 1-800-829 Bear or Shop Online at Vermont Teddy Bear.com
Choose from over 100 cute little bears delivered in a colorful gift box with free chocolate and a card you can personalize
Sending a Vermont Teddy Bear is the creative alternative flowers that she's gonna love and hug and squeeze forever
Choose from bears like the lover boy bear, the gangsta of love or chocolate lover bear
Every Vermont Teddy bear is handcrafted in Vermont and guaranteed for life
So call 1-800-829 Bear or Shop Online at Vermont Teddy Bear.com
Don't forget overnight delivery is still guaranteed and you get you a free heart box of chocolates today only when you order
Be sure and tell them that old Neo-Torrented to call 1-800-829-BEAR
My name is Luke Paul. This is 4205-16.
Way to A.
Stubby Shupa
Hey!
Hey!
Hey Larry from Arkansas. Hey Larry from Hill Rock. Arkansas.
Gunk and ideas from Sipa Door. Move to the York and run for Sanitor.
Or through the same people, Chachene, Hillary.
You will never be truly only. No, sir. I hate it. Seems so silery.
Hillary from Arkansas.
Bits. Hillary from Arkansas.
Red Alameda Cornfield on the hall. Husband Philly is a naughty boy.
Wayne Newley, the househill jump for joy white wall.
And now just a memory. Hillary.
And a widow doesn't ever do no sir.
With an awesome damn Stivery. Hillary from Arkansas.
Ha ha ha ha. I'm flaky. She's really.
Well, hell yes I do. Ha ha ha. I flaky. She's developed all your time to it.
She's a naughty stuff. Well, stay home. You know it.
Ha ha ha. I'll take care of things.
Taking care of business. Ha ha ha. I'm a BTO family.
Ha ha ha.
This Hillary from Arkansas is the damn thing I ever saw.
Your run's with a little goofy dog.
And soon never had them into your soul.
Change your mind running ill and I.
Hillary.
We don't believe in your Yankee band. No sir.
You're without beating that Delegress.
Hillary from Arkansas.
H-I-L-L-A-R-Y.
Hillary. Hillary.
Let me put you to 560 WQM.
Four students have been taking hostage in Germany.
South Easton, Germany in high school.
Age is 10 to 16.
And we got that bus bombing minilla.
Everything's looking great folks.
Everything's looking up. Markets up a few points again. There you go.
Ha ha ha. Speak on a Hillary.
Students protest Senator Clinton's decision to backbush his war plans.
About 7580 war protesters angered by Hillary,
who had him Clinton's decision to backpresent a Bush's war plans in Iraq,
pick it in and dress given by the Senator at the new school this past Monday night.
Three new school students rejected around 6.30 p.m. when they stuck in the back of the auditorium,
where Clinton was speaking and began yelling protest logons.
You bitch!
When a reporter tried to enter the event,
she was informed that no press would be allowed at the invitee's request.
Oh, well excuse us.
The sold-out event was hosted by new school president former Nebraska Senator Bob Kerry.
A spokesman for the new school said that while media are generally allowed to report on public addresses by elected officials,
the request came from Clinton's office for the press not to be admitted.
Sometimes events are open to the press.
Sometimes they're not Clinton press secretary said on Tuesday.
The Edhott protest, which was announced on activists,
a list serves and on the website protest.net.
You're mostly NYU and new school students, but also other concerned adults.
I think it was a cowardly thing to do said Ellen Davidson,
associate director of publications for the new school,
commenting on Clinton's decision to go along with the war.
I think she was looking out more for her career than what her constituents wanted.
More saying to her added Davidson was passing out homemade masks of Clinton
with the words spineless printed over her face.
Excellent.
And opponents of the war with the rag-told senator,
Jew Lieberman, that the government was heading in the wrong direction
during the former vice president's presidential candidate's visit to Daniel Webster College this week.
Lieberman was one of 29 Democrats who voted for the war resolution,
giving President Bush the authority to use military force against a racky-leaded goddamn saut,
and Hussein, all but one Republican in the Senate's of while we know that.
The National Democratic City Committee hosted a coffee and muffin get together,
Tuesday morning at Daniel Webster's College Student Union.
College campuses are typically friendly places for Democrats,
and a good humor Lieberman did a share of picture signing and cracking jokes,
while Lieberman's talk focused on bread and butter issues,
people attending the session, questioned him about foreign policy.
War critic Morton Goulder of Hollisthold Lieberman,
the idea of starting war in the Middle East, is foolish.
Goulder is a former deputy assistant secretary of defense and a president next in the Ford and Carter.
He helped found the defense industry company formerly known as Sanders, now BAE Systems.
Preemptive strikes against people you don't like is crazy, he said.
Goulder totally remembered Bush as a terrorist in the White House.
Lieberman's right and associate professor at Revere College totally wrench he was a fan of his,
but said his vote in favor of the war resolution was disappointing.
There is a very silent majority of people opposing the move to war said right,
who registered as a Republican and support senator John McCain in the 2000 election.
My prayer was the resolution of unity will lead to UN action.
Let me read it again.
My prayer is this resolution of unity will lead to UN direction Lieberman said that he laid that nobody wants to go to war.
Right, his prayer, the dissent is healthy, he said.
Screw him.
Turn burger, baby.
Turn burger.
Oh, you're like this.
I enjoyed it by the way, it's going to vote at Treasure Island after I read this story.
Okay, this will, well, this will give you the courage.
Coats Minnesota prosecutors charge 95 people with forgery this Wednesday for an alleged scheme in which they all registered to vote using the same address.
A strip club recently shut down by city officials.
Most of the alleged foragers, foragers lived outside the town.
The scheme in which the club's owner was also charged could have given club supporters a political majority in the town of 163 people.
The mayor and two council members are in contested races next month in coats where 79 voted in the 2000 general election.
79 people voted in the election.
It's shocking to see such a blatant attempt to undermine the most fundamental pillar of our democracy.
Our right to vote to code of county attorney James Baxter said the relation to the former Montreal Canadian Ralph Baxter.
Club owner Richard J Jacobson, 32 of Prescott, Wisconsin, which charged with conspiracy to commit forgery and conspiracy to commit our lawful voting for allegedly orchestrating the scheme.
The other 94 were charged with forgery and conspiracy to commit forgery.
All the charges are fell on these needs.
These charges are the maximum sentence of three years in prison.
Baxter said he believed some of the defendants were employees at the club called Jakes.
But thought most were customers who might have been duped in the signing of the registration cards.
A federal judge ordered Jakes closed last week for violating the city's law regulating sexually-oriented businesses.
Reached that the club Jacobson declined to comment.
Coses about 15 miles south of St. Paul.
So why not just register and vote over there.
Treasure Island sounds good to me.
I'll start it up. Halloween.
How's that pull coming on the politician?
Now that noon to one hour, don't let me forget.
I got some more jingles and stuff on there.
I want to play because I enjoy that New York thing.
And even if somebody out there didn't too bad.
Got to mix it up a little bit.
Okay, with all this depressing morbid things going on.
Area hospitals in middle of put on code blue alert.
Denized and don't want to say.
They have actual suspects.
The pinpoint understood.
How about where this explosion occurred?
Did it happen in a residential area?
Was it in a downtown area?
Can you give us information on that?
It was it was in a relatively densely populated area in the kind of northern most tip of metrimanilla.
It you could expect a lot of people who would be on their way home from a long day at work to have filled this box.
They would have been headed to kind of the more rural or suburban areas just outside of the city.
Police say many casualties expected in the blast.
Many.
22 till noon at 560 W.D.C.Y.M.
The castaway seafood company knows their seafood.
Maybe they pride themselves on serving you the freshest seafood available.
Fresh fish that's never frozen.
Castaways also features grilled certified angus beef, burgers, filet menu on or how about a huge mouthwatering New York strip.
Castaways has got great weekend specials like fresh Florida stone crabs, served as an appetizer or entree if you like.
Medium larger jumbo clonster with castaways musted sauce starting at just 9.95 and up.
Join the castaways tailgate party at the hog fish bar offering collars and NFL football specials too.
Including all you can eat hot and spicy buffalo shrimp for only 7.95.
You know buffalo that's like a suburb of LA.
While you watch your favorite teams there's also live entertainment every Saturday night.
Castaway seafood company's got a full bar.
It's open seven days a weekend.
It's located on the southwest corner of university driving Gryffin Road in most prestigious Davy.
So if you're looking to cater your next office or home party, castaways can do a great job of that as well.
The castaway seafood company with seafood so fresh it'll slap you right on your ugly push.
I'm the local business is five cities.
The radio's all yours.
You in.
Friday you bursting.
Will the bombs explode it with a mighty rock?
Will the hell light off the bombs?
Every turn now ahead we got your Allah right here.
Do our adventures first go.
Caliban on the run.
Caliban on the run.
They're on the land on a good sun.
They search it every one.
Or Caliban on the run.
Caliban on the run.
Will the bombs get far until they're just as well?
The gands you've run go down.
In the town for searching for them everywhere.
Oh, stop till they made it.
Spouse.
Caliban on the run.
Caliban on the run.
They're on the land on a good sun.
They search it every one.
Or Caliban on the run.
Caliban on the run.
Caliban on the run.
Caliban on the run.
17th of noon at 560 WQM.
You're looking at the Atlantis.
Are you excited about that?
You're not.
There you go.
Touchdown.
Have a trick is when you are.
Well, I got to put something on here.
You notice, maybe we'll have another one at noon today.
It seems right about noon.
They have another press conference to tell us all the information we had before was a bunch of lives.
We don't know anything.
And just leave us alone and don't interfere.
What kind of asshole?
Defaults witness?
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
This guy just made everything up.
He was inside the home depot.
He saw nothing.
And he embellishes it and makes up this whole story about the description of the van.
It was cream colored and I broke it left tail light.
And then they're out there looking for this.
Right.
Everything in this country is a joke.
That's part of the problem.
You got wise guy assholes.
Everything is a joke or he's also looking for that reward.
Yeah, but how are you going to get the reward with made up story?
Don't start asking logic or quite.
I think I was a scumbag.
He was a deadbeat.
Yeah.
You know those deli slicers that slice the ham?
Yeah.
Then absolute little layered.
Yeah.
Just like they used to try to slice up Batman and Robin on Batman.
Never quite a work with them because they always got something out of the utility belt.
Probably this guy don't have a utility belt.
Just disgrace.
But you get to the point where you start to wonder and I realize there's six million people plus on the face of the globe.
But you start to wonder can we find anybody or arrest anybody?
Anybody?
Or convict them if we forget about that.
Except those two little kids which thank God the judge there said I don't think that whole thing was kosher.
But at any rate I mean you got Osama Yamama you got Mula Omar you got Alza Bahiri you got the terror the sniper whatever the hell is name whatever he is you got whoever killed Chandra you got whoever killed Elizabeth smart little girl you got all these things.
We got Robert Blake and Jail so don't you feel safer now?
Oh yeah.
I'm starting to get on your side about that let him out okay the bitch deserved it all right.
Christian Wanderer.
Right that's right.
That good Christian Brando Wanderer said hey you better watch it bitch he's nuts.
In fact if there's one thing that George always told me says you know that Robert Blake he's a little I like him but somebody's going to go out and kill some people right.
He did well we don't know that he did but anyway I'm saying we caught him because he was like just slumpy and from being stupid that's right.
But in the meantime we can't track down anybody requires tracking down.
We can't track down even when we think we got the killer there we say oh well so and so isn't a suspect how about John but hey how we doing with that.
We had those couple of stories a few days ago about this other what the hell's the guy's name some speak that they're interviewing and investigating he's in prison for some other crap.
He killed didn't kill raped.
Yeah.
Raked it.
I hear you.
Raked it at Moan at the place to there.
This is the rumor we're spreading around.
No he raped a couple of girls in there and at the park where Shandra's body was found.
So another question to me but nobody's ever a suspect nobody ever gets convicted and it just goes on and on.
Now if you're out there buying a nickel bag or something like it see Vems house then you're going to get 20 years then they're going to nail your ass you're going to get 20 years.
Because that's what it's all about in this country our priorities are all totally screwed up.
Helen Thomas of all people a good old Helen Thomas writes and they see adult post intelligence here are this past Wednesday see a lot of this stuff I didn't get to yesterday because we were doing all that oldie moldy stuff all the jingles which was great.
She writes the bitter battle between Republicans and Democrats to control Congress in next month's election is too close to call political leaders are predicting victory for their own parties but independent experts simply shrug their shoulders when you ask them to forecast the outcome.
For instance Charlie Cook who publishes the cook report on politics says that if the voters decide that the election is about the economy then expect the Democrats to catch a break in the close races November 5 but he adds a voters place a premium on supporting their commander in chief then Republicans will likely catch the late breaks and win a disproportionate cheer of the closest races.
And President Bush war in Tirith worries haven't tied him down in Washington in the run up to the election he's off to more than 20 states in the next three weeks campaigning for Republicans in a marathon that'll keep him on the road for more than he'll be at home.
He has headlined 63 Republican fundraisers so far and racked up $141 million for the party coffers together he invites President Cheney abroad in more than 158 million far over shadowing the Democrats measly take of about 92 million.
Bush sees his politicking as crucial because his poster John as I've he says the election outcome is about as close as you can get with some races razor thin.
Republicans not control the House by six votes and Democrats hold a Senate by one the GOP also commands the nation state houses with 27 governors to the Democrats 21 they're two independence democratic national chairman Terry McCallis as he thinks his party will pick up two to three Senate seats but he's not optimistic about capturing the House he says that it would only be it would be tough but doable.
McCallis however is exuberant about democratic chances in the gubernatorial race is saying we're headed Massachusetts Rhode Island Pennsylvania Illinois Michigan Arizona Mexican Tennessee and Kansas and he predicts democratic challenger Bill McBride is going to be governor Jeb Bush in Florida.
But no one doubts that James brother the president will be trying to ride to the rescue with another appearance in Florida which we just had Jim Vecchio Republican party spokesman says the GOP thinks it has a real opportunity to regain the Senate and we figured about our position in the House.
With many races so close he adds the Republicans are sending hundreds of volunteers around the country to join door to door grassroots efforts to get out the vote.
Doug says the Republicans have a good chance to win Senate races and Missouri South Dakota Minnesota Jojo New Jersey no chance in New Jersey and additionally says we're working hard in North Carolina South Carolina pecs is an Arkansas.
Republicans hope so when Bush zoomed in like a laser beam in recent weeks to put the country on a war footing against Iraq it was following the script laid out last January when Carl Rove his chief political adviser sent a memo to GOP operatives telling them that they would ultimately be playing the war card.
According to published reports Bush deliberately withheld his frontal rhetorical assault on Iraq Saddam Hussein until closer to the election the New York Times quoted White House chief of staff card is saying from a marketing point of view you don't introduce new products in August.
The recent focus on Iraq is pushed all the other issues into the background including the week economy the corporate misdeeds the shaky stock market the high cost of prescription drugs and the Republicans hope of privatizing social security system.
But now that Congress is given Bush nearly all he wanted on his war with the rack resolution the Democrats are trying once more to make the economic slow down the number one issue.
McCollough says that on his trips around the country is found people are worried about joblessness and a possible recession he notes that since Bush took office two million people have lost their jobs and that even before the 9-11 terrorist catastrophe the president wiped out the budgets are plus indicted in the social security trust fund this is the worst economic slumps in Herbert Hoover McCollough says.
Zagbi reported that two thirds of likely voters say they're worried about dwindling retirement funds in their 401k and Ira accounts that's why Republican Democratic candidates find themselves coping with the politics of disappointment he says according to Zagbi people are not only disappointed in the economic malaise but also in the disgrace of many priests and corporate CEOs the frustrating war on terrorism and the FBI and CIA dropping the ball in their intelligence departments it's all come home to Roos to concludes.
I hope the Democrats at least retain control of the Senate Congress a rack resolution gives Bush too much power in the company the Senate that can provide some checks on his headlong dive into war his favor the rich economic policy and his campaign to put right wing ideologues on the Supreme Court otherwise we'll have an imperial presidency with nothing but a genuine fleeting Congress and a me too Supreme Court rights old Helen Thomas pretty good how about that stop Helen for an old bat.
Mary McGroy another one rights in the Washington Post yesterday mistaken patriots where she rips the Democrats and ass and deservedly so she says our Democrats making a major effort to reduce voter turnout in the coming election or they just trying to fight free of the trap they diligently fashion for themselves on the subject of the war with Iraq by their conduct on the issue in recent congressional debate they seemed eager to show there was no difference between them and the Republicans a strategy that guarantees voters will ask themselves when it comes to digging out of a cool.
The world of November morning why bother by way of preparing for the election Democrats decided to get the war issue out of the way by overwhelmingly backing President Bush is desire to blow the view without the blessing of the win they ensure that the commander achieve will be at center stage the papers thrive with accounts of his minions moving troops and launching training exercises as if war had been declared.
She pushed Democrats continue to show the electorate that when it comes to the faithful business sending young Americans into battle they are at one with the Republicans they turn aside the known skepticism of the uniform military they were undeterred by the newly enunciated doctrine of preventive war which all previous presidents have rejected while they declared in their floor speeches that they were uncertain of the danger posed by Saddam Hussein their votes that they were mindful of the danger to themselves and they were taking no chances.
Candidates around the country were on their own and trying to make judgments about the right thing to do the debate won't help them much.
The votes in both houses of Congress for the new Tonkin Gulf resolution are still being studied for surprises and contradictions especially by liberals who according to the post Thomas Edsel are outraged by the absence of strong convictions in the part of their leaders.
Senate Democrats are quick to blame House Democratic leader Dick Kemphardt who has wraparound ambitions to be either president or House Speaker.
They say a coalition of moderates from both parties who wanted you and approval of the use any use of force fell apart when Ghibhardt emerged as Bush's chief lobbyist on the hill.
Republicans said they didn't want to be to the left of Ghibhardt and the coalition collapsed.
The whole slated Democratic presidential hopefuls lined up for the president's right to make war unilaterally of all of them Senator John Kerry had a unique foreign policy perch.
A decorated war veteran who also came home and let a brilliant demonstration win the war he delivered a sophisticated critique of the botched hunt for Osama bin Laden but he joined the gang voting for the president such notable peace mixes Tom Harkin, Chris Dodd and Tom Dachel not to mention Swillery Clinton.
The majority leader hated to do it but in the end he threw in the towel to show the world the country is unified on the issue.
The country is ambivalent on the one hand it's all for a short sharp replay of Gulf War I that would be a relatively casualty free exercise but bringing up body bags they recoil.
Paul show that the country would rather have the president protected from the wolf at the door, layoffs, market collapses and the like than from the beast of Baghdad who might nuke us if he got the right stuff.
Ted Kennedy made daily speeches against going to war he and Robert C. Brewer longer than rivals did their best but Kennedy couldn't even convince his son in the House Patrick Kennedy of Rhode Island that he should give peace of chance.
Rhode Island did however offer the Senate's only Republican profile and courage Lincoln Chaffey pay full to his father's legendary independence voted no.
The Democrats hope that with the war issues settled they can drag that settled with like the quotes that Jebouj with the war issues settled they can drag voters attention back to the economy which can be criticized without fear of being called unpatriotic.
Bush brushes them off you know like my tax cuts okay you want to rescind them no of course not the Democrats protest.
Post their Peter Hart thinks the economy doesn't need much rhetoric the ravages are all around and brought home in people's reports about their 401k's and people can recall the Clinton boom to be reminded of how different things can be.
At the height of that debate House with Nancy Pelosi implore Democrats remember that while the show force in Iraq would surely demonstrate US power negotiation and diplomacy would show our strength her colleagues were not listening.
Democrats know exactly how they feel about prescription drugs and the privatization of Social Security but when it comes to war and peace people dying and all of that they really have no comment they just salute the commander in chief and hope voters mistake them for patriots.
Rice Murray McGrawy yesterday's Washington Post nice go on Mary you go girl you go sweetheart.
Got a lot of phony votes on the poll today but that's okay give it out of your system I've got a big heavy duty weekend coming up a lot of pressure a lot of stress.
Got some big ball games coming up 430 votes on there which politician other than the president of course which politician you despise the most Hillary Clinton 107.
Jeb Bush 73 well he's going to really good showing.
Julie Bremen 57 Catherine Harris that bitch 55 John Askrop 37 Ted Kennedy 33 Jesse Helms 26 Tom Delay 15 as in seven second Trent lot nine Decarmy seven strong thermon of seven and orange snatch is still sucking windman still only got four.
You know it's my luck just just like that anthrax drop from Rumsfeld.
Just during at the we're going to the break and I flip off the audio on CNN just to see because it's just breaking news you know and want to see what grotesque of it is taking place now because we have the bomb on the bus of Manila killed a bunch of people we have the kids taking hostage in Southeast Germany in high school and then here's this dark
dark and collected I can't think of what his name is Leon Leon something anyway he comes out to give us the breaking news the news theory is that Minnesota twins out there before we're out here didn't play anymore does he know Kirby Puckett was arrested for assaulting someone in a restaurant assault and battery whatever Kirby Puckett only he didn't say Puckett he said exactly what you think where are you being 12 to 1 hour on WQ a.m.
So just a fuck you.
They want us to find a way to reimburse for back pay from 200 years ago when they were slaves when I only have a mobile home
a pitfall in a pinch of school so if you want to ask me how here's what I gotta say you've got to kiss a nigger good morning
kill him that you're sorry for it's labor among
yes a nigger good morning if that's where everybody who is dead and gone
kill some people if I was born in 1802 on it's like saying something I do but what we're dead people dead to you I have to take the plane
we can see it all for an old money act with a can of spell it cherry in fact instead of 40 acres and a mule I have a better way
you've got to kiss a nigger good morning when put on how it fair and forg in frame and two
kiss a nigger good morning alright and that's your resolution for a slave and you kiss a nigger good morning
kill him that you're sorry for it's labor among
yes a nigger good morning if that's where everybody who is dead and gone
come on to it 560 WQM the beast is here right on time and for his big way in this weekly way in it better be a good number this week
let's see we got 220 and a half last week what are you shaking your head about it's gonna be bad
you know something he looks like he plays for the red socks you know and you do have a red socks camp on that you just took off or now you look like you should play for the red socks like a tub you know I don't yeah there you go hop on that you think it's gonna be bad
the man started at 284 pounds exhale exhale real heavy when it out let it out see no one is not a good time because haven't you eaten today already
it's still in the right direction 220 but yeah no that can't be right 137's too low no it's too low you're you're a dead you're a dead man there's no such number is 137 under 140 means you're like on the verge of death
okay bring me the paper okay I love to see what kind of lab they say your blood look look you can see his neck you can see his neck now he's got that big bright bald spot autographed by Moe
so lovely it's a fact he wrote thanks for being so unprofessional get out of here Moe something like that so another pound I'll write it a little later on now I got and we got the let's see the woman may have bitten her husband that did you see that story no
been to that continental fire that pilot for drinking and we got a whole bunch of the stuff but I want to like because yesterday today we try to get some of these oldies and old one radio used to be great stuff on here
and I don't think this is doing anything right now I'm hitting it but again I'm at the mercy of whatever this thing decides to do or not as the case may be and these are things from like all over the country if it ever decides to fire which I have a thing it's not gonna do just if they're in look look at it it's not doing anything
the little hour the little huh eventually the hourglass was on air it's a
beautiful world this is my
Ob eat
oh
Oh
Two
I'm here!
I'm here!
I'm here!
I'm here!
I'm here!
I'm here!
I'm here!
I'm here!
I'm here!
I'm here!
I'm here!
I'm here!
I'm here!
I'm here!
I'm here!
I'm here!
I'm here!
I'm here!
I'm here!
I'm here!
I'm here!
I'm here!
I'm here!
I'm here!
I'm here!
death plein.
death plein.
death plein.
Wesson Bay.
death plein.
tickets for death.
Throw tinhafer.
wesson bay.
Mol,
oh your wife has stopped coming from the crowd.
Otherwise he'll have to stop all of life,
Oh, again, bro.
I'm U-I-D-T, Sylvester.
I'm U-I-D-T, radio-99.
I'm W-T-O-D, A-M and FM Toledo.
I'd like to welcome you aboard by 1660,
Young Americans Alexa, the now-reving for non-stop music.
I'm now the G-Q-D, audio-forward game.
K08e, Inc.
 coral, Graham.
Rock C.
916, 8494, announcements poquito coin,
You know that's where the winning comes easy.
A good team person called me a 5-9-1-7-2-4.
It's only the way I listen to that, you know that.
Where's the W-R-Lis?
Backtrack.
What a teacher.
Nothing side.
5-9-1-7-2-4-5.
That's what you may be seeing.
As a person, you may be seeing.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
I'm going to be on the game.
The Modesto v. newspaper reported that Arthur Pratt, who's
skinned, was covered with more than 20 deep tooth marks, died
Sunday at a local hospital that the forensic, local forensic
pathologist believed the bites are likely to cause a death.
The husband was able to dial 911 that night, Carter told the
newspaper.
We have a taper recording him screaming while she was
biting him.
When officers arrived, he was screaming that he'd been
assaulted.
She fought with the officers and tried to bite them too.
Arthur Pratt had a history of medical problems, including
diabetes, heart and circulation problems.
An official ruling on the possible homicide charges awaiting
toxicology tests, which could determine whether the bites caused
an infection that proved fatal to be said, in
farcina infection, and farcina is a heart attack.
Get with it.
Carter said police were already persuaded that his death was
a result of being bitten.
I've seen cases where dogs have bitten kids and blood
or loss of infection that led to death.
Carter said, I've never heard of anyone being bitten to death
by a human before.
County Pratt has currently been held in Modesto about 90 miles
east of San Francisco.
I'm charges of elder abuse, domestic violence and
assault on a police officer.
Murdered by biting.
Got a lot of people around here with biting comments.
I bet he regrets not having sex with her.
Turning her down.
You know something, maybe he figures it was worth it.
Maybe he'd rather go out and kill some people than have sex
with that bitch.
26 past noon at 5.60 WQM.
We all have different lifestyles.
Therefore, we need different products to help us
with our health.
Help us stay alive.
Oliomad Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations
of pharmaceutical-grade olive oil combined with good stuff.
You'll find vitamins that you won't find them.
But they're in there.
Vitamin's minerals, herbals, all kinds of other nutrients
scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions
to help you support specific health needs.
Look for Oliomad's three great new formulas.
There's one to help you sleep.
One to help you with your weight management.
And then there's co-enzyme Q10.
Co-Q10.
I'll be using the benefits of pharmaceutical-grade olive oil.
Oliomad's an exciting new product.
More and more people are popping in there every day.
Pick some up at public's,
Echards or Walgreens for more info-caller tool free number
1-866 Oliomad.
That's 1-866653-66333.
And don't forget you can also order their products online
if you'd like at olio-medamerica.com.
Visit Tunerist Publix and purchase an Oliomad product
and date a brown.
And you can receive you a coupon for a free Larry Coker
Bobblehead Doll while supplies last.
Don't forget to visit their sampling provider
in the sports center,
and every Sunday when the nofins are playing home,
and pick up some free Oliomad samples and product information,
start popping some today.
Slide in local.
We're sports video five-sixys, you a.m.
Friday, you bastards.
Oh!
Underlyza, underlyza,
different mood.
With your fucking yellow teeth so far apart.
Stupid.
Underlyza, underlyza, what you be doing.
If the old-fashioned black-dirt token schmarts the start.
Is you take, cause you are at home, duplicatedly grown.
Is you deflected and shimmymer, who be smart?
Does they lack, how you shine their shoes underlyza?
Oh, the way you watch and cock the white is cause.
George it junior, say he trust you can believe you.
Truth is, our lives are the greedy oil alone.
But then he make you clean all the white house basil.
The cup of things, the toilet, and then scrub the floor.
They tell you don't wear sandals, cock the leaves out.
Your concerto will make them all rich and few.
Your nappie-legged, you slide, you deviled bro.
If you'll be what you to be, that token still.
Yes.
One day while you be flippin' pancakes, you may realize
That they dreamin' you just like your esterone.
That's when your head will move from side to side from the lever.
It's a bush and rummage, they be cracked or asshole.
Well, 32 and 560 WPM, the mad dog coming up at 1.
Wait till you're this, this is a very cute fact.
It says, hi Neil, did you happen to see the Miami-Hero's election recommendations
in today's Browet Section page 8?
Did they really endorse Senator Mandy Dawson?
Isn't she the one busted for forging a prescription?
Isn't she the one the hero once did an article that she lied about her degree?
And that she was officially scolded for not showing up for important votes in the Senate?
I believe her record says she has only shown up for 20% of the sessions.
I also believe she was once arrested for forging bad checks.
You know what's stuff like this that gives our Democratic Party a bad name?
Sincerely, Miriam Olafant.
All right, good one.
I think I can get this thing to play.
You know what I think? I'm not sure.
I'm not positive.
Oh, what's the Carlos got there? What is that?
That's laser laser laser.
He looks at it when he opened it.
The replacement car.
I didn't look a second time when it opened the door from the side and then I saw the facial hair.
Didn't he look like Carlos with facial hair?
Well, not quite as ugly. Yes, he does.
Well, that's our thing. That's our cartridge.
Well, thank you very much.
And thank you. Appreciate it.
That's from Give another plug.
There laser MD and Ken Hollywood.
Thank you, Jose.
And that is name Jose.
It is Jose.
Looks like Carlos when he first opened the door.
You don't think so?
No.
Adam Spixel looked the same.
I am power play.
This is not the same thing.
I did that again.
You see, if you pause it,
you see how that's all screwed up?
If you pause it, it just, I don't know.
Don't want to play right.
I'm sure that if it was Carlos, he'd come right in here and say,
oh, here, let me show you how to do it.
No thanks, Carlos.
Stay away from me.
W-F-I-L.
Power play.
Fast, fast, fast, fast.
My only face is when I'm done.
I just get a truth for free 25 on on-stop.
You just think of it as W-F-I-L.
This standout of us.
Temperature in total health is 90.
Well, hey this week.
You have a chance to share some summer love at Happiness
with some of the guys at the Valley for every hospital
in the middle of the Naval-Napole Hospital.
All week long, the boss jocks doing this.
We hope you enjoy it.
I kind of share some of that summer love.
It's 91 degrees, hot day forecast.
Some of you hot again tomorrow and other higher, 95.
Here's the number one record.
I can dig it.
I can dig it.
And our assistant promotion director
at full time station.
He got the one and only Comfort.
Watch for him.
They might have some prizes for you.
W-F-I-L.
Come with L-T-N.
Nine on line.
Oh, yeah.
You know I got my love for you.
And Jonathan.
Or color it.
Two on five, two, six, three, eight, nine.
I forget the chance to win and share some summer love.
This one only goes on specifically at his line.
I took my out for you.
My password was once in your life.
We'll come the first.
food.
Nutcrougo.
I don't get so many.
Here's a baby, John!
Where you want it, John?
Where is one from?
Holly Swagward, a double little pile.
Holly says, what is one person said to the other one?
One person said, why don't one, man?
Hey, Joni, how about the beach tonight?
Yeah, okay.
I'm quarter-coward and flipping.
A nice place to get in through.
Never you rest, see I?
It's what I hate with W.S. the guy talking to James,
with this cold pantser.
That's a kind of combat of the big toes,
covering the isn't.
Dragon of life.
Definitely gold-life.
Come on, Robert.
This is Nick, T.O.A.
Manning, also Holly sitting 12.25,
who creeps their water by.
All the highway, Galway, is home on.
Oh, my God.
This is time, guys.
It's creeps, he's next million dollars.
No, the door.
Hey, Ola.
Don't sit in Joseph Gackie.
Be good on that station, K-O-M-A.
And it's going to take care of you right away.
You got to cure all your ills.
A 12.31 with James Robert Dottie.
Oklahoma City's only.
The whole road is offway to T.O.A.
At their new location, Length and North Broadway.
Are you kidding?
My car's so vintage, battered off, got left to the mission key.
J. Robert Dottie with James Taylor.
Baby James, Galway, and Lee.
Oh, now.
J. Robert Dottie.
That's not like Johnny Garth.
Where's the door?
We're going to get him.
I live for the life of Holly and Debbie Lighting.
Hi.
This is Larry Dixon.
I've been waiting for you to call me.
$176.14.
Happy for a minute.
That is the city of the strong.
Yeah.
I want to give you a ticket.
It's got the U.A.
T.E.
Hey, when you got the rail, all the things to say since the rip-off,
you give me a call.
You can rip me off for six pack of records.
We're doing that soon.
The W.A.T.E.
With Larry Dixon 9, 17.
You're smart and gifted.
What?
I want to give you a seat.
I want to give you a seat.
I'm 19.
W.A.T.E.
You're the most mere six time.
Seven eight know.
It's 81 degrees.
I'm high and 90.
You expect it?
I hope you're on the good news.
I could design it through a time bomb.
You can't run it in the heat with the hammer.
No, no, no, no, no, you A.T.E.
You can skim, skim, skim, skim, we're rip-off.
Hello?
Who's on the telephone?
Hey, you want it?
Who?
The high-tech.
Would you like to rip me off?
You just want to six pack of records for the big A.T.E.
for long and should rest.
Congratulations.
Okay.
That's E.T.E.
That is Evan Newdale, Juan and Danny.
Right on.
It's four and ninth feet.
A lot of you folks calling him as a very weird,
I.T.E.
Laborers this afternoon.
Very weird.
I don't know who the person was.
They called up for sickle, prickle, ice cream.
But I would say that's a little, little strange.
You know what I mean?
Little strange.
I don't want to seem like I'm ignoring all of my people
with the broad system.
Thank you very much for your telephone calls.
All of you people who live in New York can make requests.
It's very easy.
You got a telephone number 695-0364.
I can think of that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that.
Do you think that, does he think that would you think he's?
May I have the envelope, please?
Thank you.
Let's see it says, join the March Against Hungers
and your tax recut revisions to meals for millions.
Talk 1666, Madamonigek, California.
426 in Rare Earth, and I want seven frags.
37-4.
Let's get on now to that nitty-gritty gem.
Look at him, Riz.
Some possum and griz.
Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
That me free is turn to Joe White.
Oh, satan antics.
Wow.
Here up, yes, the Gatorade's a crack.
That's 20 Joe White.
Yeah, it is 440, I'm Robert Allen. How's your left flag?
W-I-E, M-A-E-S, 425-0...
You're a good place in Florida to get a poke salad?
Where?
Polk County.
20 to 1 at 560.
I've probably have a poke folks in Polk County.
Wouldn't surprise me with a white soup and a red soup.
And a lot of people sitting around going,
boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, like that.
You all come back now, you hear?
20 to 1, we got the Maddog.
Jim Madd is coming up for one,
as we get ready for a big football weekend, baby.
And then of course on Monday, don't forget.
And of course we're taking our chances.
I'm taking my life in my hands by making a big deal out of this because two-thirds of
this book is George, you know.
And we already know about...
We already know about that last turn.
That uh...
You turn.
August?
That was bad.
It was bad.
Really bad.
Of course the whole station, other than I'm trying to think that the Humper go back,
he went back down a little bit in August, didn't he?
August was just bad all the way around.
Yeah it was.
August was pretty then week.
So September is going to see how this summer book goes.
And then of course there's some people on the station who's so far, they have yet to throw
on a good month in there.
You know what I mean?
I don't want to mention any names, but there's some people who's just haven't thrown
anything in there.
Pretty big.
Yeah, we'll see.
We'll also get the hour by hour breakdown, right?
Not on Monday.
No, no, not on Monday, but we'll book.
Well that'll build up the suspense.
Two-day Wednesday.
We can like kill at least three-fifths of a week next week.
We need to know the nine to one from August instead of the ten to three.
So I can squeeze another point.
Oh, no, no, don't start playing that again.
Are you suggesting he had like fractions and, yeah, that's a good point.
He could add like mind numbers, so my new stupid.
Is there still anybody out there who's still not plunging with VIP sportsbook.com?
I can't even begin to imagine what you're waiting on.
You're missing out on a really great sportsbook, the best one going.
Everybody in their brother claims to be the best sportsbook in the world, but you're
better be cautious before you hand over your money to some sportsbook in a third world
place like Georgia.
Let me help you out.
VIPsportsbook.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by all each and every one of the industry
watchdogs.
They're Dutch-based, one of the first online sportsbooks ever.
So if you go on a roll of a lifetime, you want to be with the best sportsbook going
on that is VIPsportsbook.com.
And with the football season going really, really big, you want to be hooked up with these
people.
Open an account online, get you a 15% cash signup bonus, and don't forget they've got
the highest parliads you're going to find just about anywhere up to 2,000 to one.
So get over to VIPsportsbook.com and plunge to your heart's content at VIPsportsbook.com
and call them toll free at 866 VIP bets.
That's 1-866 VIP bets or better yet to save that 15% to get that bonus.
Go to VIPsportsbook.com online and don't forget this is the place where you are the VIP.
It's my and lo-called SIS Sports Radio 560.
You're way, you're way.
Yeah, baby.
Oh, that has really please go away.
Find a new way to attack up a big old home and eat your whole home.
I'm M.
SILending your favorite cities.
You make the show a bit women smile.
They like a gown who's sped and sassy.
Think smelly, bad story, pulse of a mile.
Your body cheese smells like a crap.
After it was occupied by head,
As Nerdy does you want to get into your car?
Plus you've got M.Y.
Oink and squeal, oink and squeal, oink and squeal, fat lady.
Sizzin' with your lover less mean.
Slowering and sortin' the tree between her knee
and the mashed potato yeast.
Smells fishy to me.
That's the moron that's moist and tasty, bad story.
About 47 and 560 WQM, the Waco's around a pool again.
497 votes already, believe that?
No.
But anyway, they're having fun.
Which politician do you despise the most?
Hillary Clinton, 121.
121, sounds like fun.
Jeb Bush, 89.
Katherine Harris, 67.
Remember when they were like lockstep, he pulled away.
Pulled away in the stretch.
Jew Lieberman, 62.
John Ascroft, 43.
Ted Kennedy, 34.
Jesse Hums, 32.
Tom Delay, 17.
Trent Lott, 11.
Strom Thurman, 9.
Dick Army, 7.
And Orange Snatch, nice even 5.
Can't you see Orange Snatch dressed up in drag?
If it was good enough for gay, I've got Hoover, why not?
I don't understand.
Do they have Temple lingerie?
In fact, he's already got the magic underwear going underneath there.
Underneath his dress.
This is depressing.
Okay, right at the end of the show, somebody faxes me this.
The Archdiocese have doubled in his currently facing.
450 legal actions has a result of clerical child sex abuse allegations.
The RTE program primetime reported last night.
A leading cannon lawyer, father Tom Doerl, has expressed disquiet.
With the way cases have been handled within the Archdiocese, this is in Ireland, Dublin.
I guess they're doubling their pleasure.
He told the program that from what the knowledge he's gathered about handling a
Perkyl child sex abuse in Dublin, he believed there was something radically, radically wrong.
That's what he said.
Radically, radically wrong.
Father Doerl has investigated many cases in Britain, Australia, New Zealand and Canada.
Maybe he checked out Harold Ballard to make believe gardens.
He made his comments on the Dublin cases at the beginning of a primetime special program last night.
Which reviewed how the cases have been dealt with the detailed accounts of cases
of abuse by eight priests of which at least six bishops became aware but didn't do nothing.
So you want to think about the Catholic Church.
They may not be good to release their consistent.
Here are some of the best news we've had in years, which you're probably already aware of.
When I saw this, I just about jumped with Glee.
Who's he?
Doerl, are you getting canned? Is the alluding sentence?
Oh, I heard about this.
Yes indeed.
Hallelujah.
Doerl computer said it's blonde-haired surfer, dude, pitchman, Stephen, played by actor Ben Curtis,
one of the most annoying people in the history of the human race,
will be taking a break despite helping to increase sales for the company since the campaign went on air two years ago.
Doerl's already started aiming less dude-centric ads that feature a group of eager interns, one of whom don't look too bad to me, by the way.
The company refused to say whether Stephen is just taking a breather or whether the campaign is a goner.
Get lost, Stephen.
This doesn't mean the end of Del's association with the Stephen character, Del Sporxman Bob Kaufman said,
we're just trying new things looking at alternatives.
Kaufman said, Stephen ads are still wearing around the country.
Let's just hope and pray that we don't have to see any of them.
Whether or not they'll run along in the future, I can't say right now, he said,
not so good news for so many of the fans of the dude ads, which has developed a strong cult following.
NBC's Saturday Night Live spoof the character, his admirers posted Ben Curtis trivion websites,
and bulletin boards buzzed anytime Del released a new commercial featuring the late back spokesman.
Oh my god, when you want to know why?
Why?
Because he was on television, dummy.
Oh, dude.
Curtis 21 was a struggling drama student from New York when he beat out more than 100 others for the chance to be in the Del commercial.
In the spots, he plays a goofball, I don't think he has to act too much, who orang's friends and family to buy Del computers.
The debut ad was when Curtis was his favorites.
In it, Steven talks into the camera and tells his dad why he should buy him a Del stressing loads of free access reason his dad's love for a bargain.
Another commercial, a commercial, Steven persuaded friends, parents to buy their kids Del's, closing with that catchphrase, dude, you're getting a Del, duh.
God, Curtis took the public at a race and stride during interview with the St.P. Times in January, seen fine with the idea of the retiring campaign.
This has made me more humble in a way told the newspaper, I'm more aware of not letting it go to my head.
Sometimes it would be nice to be just a major theater, theater major, but this is an awesome opportunity.
I work as hard as I can if it works great and if they're done using me, they'll stop and we'll move on.
Move on, Steven. Don't take it personal, okay? But move on.
In the beginning, it was, it were okay, you know, the first 10,000 time.
It's like anything else, just a little bit of oversaturation.
I mean, a little bit too much, sweetheart.
You know something, I'm starting to feel that excitement from Monday already.
So it's only the end of the show on Friday and I'm already starting to feel that excitement.
Man, it is going to be so.
In fact, when those numbers come out on Monday, some of the people working are going to want to go out right out here on Ives Dairy Road and kill some people.
Wouldn't wouldn't surprise me.
I'm not going to get out of here.
I'm not going to get out of here.
I'm not going to get out of here.
I'm not going to get out of here.
I'm not going to get out of here.
I'm not going to get out of here.
I'm not going to get out of here.
I'm not going to get out of here.
I'm not going to get out of here.
I'm not going to get out of here.
I'm not going to get out of here.
I'm not going to get out of here.
I'm not going to get out of here.
I'm not going to get out of here.
I'm not going to get out of here.
I'm not going to get out of here.
I'm not going to get out of here.
I'm not going to get out of here.
I'm not going to get out of here.
And up turns some survey and Co-Out
High Shore
five sixty wqa m
really something when you get like to the last two seconds and that's the
best part of the whole bit that's always just that's why i'm very careful
ever to step on the ending of those
because he's a really sick man
hey by the way lindsay knows new radio shows starts tomorrow we said it
ten a m to one p on the internet uh... ww w w dot island talk five forty dot com
you following that well i mean you know that
well she's on some station in uh... i guess on the island long island
but i don't know isn't it i guess
it's five forty on the dot mean this isn't just an internet show i don't think
this is a win because there was a thing there's a way to
